Wish Me Luck: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wish Me Luck 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wish Me Luck (1987–1990): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 In World War Two Liz Grainger,whose husband has been posted to Cairo,answers an advertisement for war work. Having gone to school in France she is recruited by Faith Ashley and Colonel James Cadogan to train as an undercover agent in occupied France and is subject to a rigorous dummy interrogation. Also on the course is East End Jewess Mathilde Firman,who has a French mother and also spent time in France. However Cadogan believes her natural exuberance makes her a liability and does not want her to be recruited. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [theme music] What is your name? CELESTE: Celeste [inaudible]. Where do you live? CELESTE: Number seven [inaudible].. Do you live on your own? CELESTE: No, with Monsieur and Madame Ferrier. I look after their children. How long have you been in their employment? About six months. Do you know a man called Ciprian? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No. I don't think so, no. Perhaps you know him by another name, an English name. No, I know now Englishman, no. Are you sure, Mademoiselle? Yes. (YELLING) You're lying. No, I'm not. I don't know anything. --said you were seen talking to him on Tuesday afternoon as you came from Belzec. I don't know what you mean. It will be much easier if you tell me the truth. Did you speak to a man in the camp in Belzec? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No. At least-- somebody asked me if they could borrow my newspaper. Is that who you mean? Who was he? I don't know, but he was French. Not English. Did you lend him your newspaper? Yes. And he returned it to you? Yes. Was a bundle of bank notes tucked inside? No. Most of which were found on you when you were stopped yesterday. No. No doubt on their way to finance some parties and group? No, that was my own money. I was on my way to the savings bank to pay it in. I told the officer this. (ANGRILY) Get up. Huh? (ANGRILY) I said get up. And hold your chair above your head. [non-english speech] Now, once again, where did you get that money? I didn't know the man. I've never seen him in my life. (YELLING) Speak up. The money was my own. I'd saved it from my earnings. As a children's nurse? Yes. Monsieur Ferrier must pay you very well. It was several months salary, plus a bonus from Madame Ferrier. A birthday gift. When is your birthday? June the 7th. Please, may I sit down? No. When you tell me the truth, then you may sit. It is the truth. Where were you going with all that money? To the savings bank. [inaudible] your savings bank when my men stopped you yesterday? Yes. And how long do you say you been living in Montreal? Six months. Then surely you must know the savings bank is in the other direction. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I was confused. [inaudible]. Perhaps this will revive your memory. All right. All right. I'll tell you the truth. Most of what I said was true. I didn't know the man in the cafe, I promise you I didn't. And the money was mine, only it wasn't my salary. Monsieur Ferrier gave it to me because-- you see, Madam Ferrier is an invalid, and sometimes-- sometimes I-- Consoled him. Yes. That's enough for one night. That's not bad. Not bad at all. Very inventive. You're coming on. Well done, Mrs. Grainger. Most impressive. Celeste, please, Mr. Schweder, French names at all times. Oh, sorry. What do you think of Celeste's performance, Stella, huh? Pretty convincing. How about a cup of tea? Well, I wouldn't mind something a little stronger. How'd it go? Not too bad. Jolly good. Another ordeal over. Gosh, I'm dreading my turn. [music playing] Are you all right? [music playing] You've got a kid, haven't you? What are you doing here? [cow moos] [child laughs] Look, Mommie. Look, Gram. Careful. Concentrate. Don't forget to bend your knees when you jump down. She's just like Jack at that age. Quite fearless. You were always far more cautious. But I wanted to be brave like him. Still hasn't sunk in, you know. I keep expecting him stir up the drive. Perhaps if we'd been able to bury him. Yeah, with your father. I can't bear to think of him rotting out there. Look at her. She should have been a boy. She should have had a brother, someone to carry on where Jack left off. May still happen, Liz. With Lawrence in Cairo? You look at all this. It's difficult to believe there's a war going on. I make no apology for the somewhat clandestine nature of your recruitment. As you'll appreciate, an outfit such as ours has to operate in absolute secrecy. Now, you'll have realized we're not part of the conventional forces. In fact, our task is not primarily military at all. It's sabotage and subversion. Our aim is to set the way by whatever means possible for the ultimate liberation of the occupied territories. In our case, France. No Roger, it can't wait. We need a Lisanta standing by right away. All right. A Whitley, a Stirling. I don't give a damn as long as it flies. Of course, I'm not blaming you. I know you've got the world on your back at the moment. Just do me a favor, old chap, juggle things around a bit, will you? Thursday, at the latest. Because there won't be a full moon after that. It's like talking to an imbecile child. Yes, it is, vital. And apart from anything else, there's morale to consider. What? We've had three cancellations already. What do you think is right for them, the poor bastards. I'm sorry, Roger, just put yourself in their shoes. Hanging around night after night getting all keyed up for nothing. I don't want them going off the boil. Would you? Awe, thanks, Rog. And could you let me know as soon as possible? Thanks. Bye. No funds, no planes, no ammunition. Set Europe ablaze the PM says. For Christ's sake, what am I supposed to do it with, a matchstick and a dinky toy? I can see you've had a good day. This just through from area six. Not good, I'm afraid. Men have all been sent off to Germany. [inaudible] And Veronica? I don't know. I'll contact the relatives. We'll need a replacement as soon as possible. Oh, come on. Gosh, what a lovely day for a gentle stroll. It's three miles. Anyone take longer than 25 minutes will be going around again after breakfast. Celeste, I thought you were excused? The winning time for the last [inaudible] was 17 minutes, 25 seconds. Let's see if we can beat that. What was the losing time, do you think? [music playing] Hi. Do you want to play tennis sometime? That'll be five miles tomorrow. [inaudible] [inaudible]. I'll tell you one thing. When I get [inaudible] anyone in the world record. You shouldn't be here, not after last night. Anyway, about last night, thanks. Forget it. I made a complete idiot of myself. Not in front of them, you didn't. That's what counts. I'm not one of the world's natural heroines. [inaudible] I have a feeling you were. [inaudible] You know, you remind me of Jack sometimes. My brother, he had your nerve. [inaudible] He was shot down over Germany. Pilot, was he? Yes. They say he'll get a posthumous award. What the hell's the good of that? Come on, you two. Got to catch up with the others. You're kidding. Well, I was thinking about the shortcut. Oh, now, that what I call initiative. What on earth made us come here, hey? [music playing] An actual picture of these few hundred yards of fronds to complete our knowledge. And it's in this connection that you can see how this talk affects you personally. Quite by chance, it transpired that one of the staff officers working on the plan had spent a holiday in the [inaudible] neighborhood. Doesn't that make a splendid [inaudible]?? I think it's going to be fine, yes. He hurried over to his house where he found his photograph album stored away in the trunk. I dropped another stitch. He looked through it. And there sure enough-- - Oh, dear. - --were photographs-- - Let's see. --taken on his holiday. Surely, in minute detail-- I don't like knitting. --the exact spot involved. Hush, darling. Mommy's trying to listen. It was five of those photographs put together that formed the last link in the whole plan. So you see, private photographs help to ensure a successful operation at [inaudible].. There we are. Photographs taken in the carefree pre-war days-- We should get a nice little dress out of that. --without any thought of their native value. Now, there are thousands of such photographs in the country. I ask you to lend these photographs to the admiralty. We had heaps of fun. I used to spend every summer there before the war. - --business-- - Really? --or holidays. Not only-- Hello, Granddad. You have the allotment? [inaudible] itself. I'm all right. Dancing on the ceiling. Right. As [inaudible]. What you after? Granddad. I get a Woodbine usually means you want something. Joyce and me are going to the pallait tonight. Will you stay in with mom just in case it's real late? Bloody nursemaid, that's what I am. Hello, Mom. [inaudible] Look what I brought you. You remember how we used to pick them? They were supposed to cheer you up, for God's sake. [music playing] [non-english speech] [screams] [inaudible]. Don't forget you have a meeting at the ministry first thing. Oh, God help me. You staying the night again? I might as well. Messages are coming through thick and fast. Anything pressing? Oh, yes. Renard has asked for more explosives. We'll have to arrange another drop. Oh, and Leon's managed to fix another loan. $500,000 from some businessman in Marseille. He promised him confirmation tomorrow through personal messages. I'll get on to BBC in the morning. What's the message? It's great-aunt Mary's 80th birthday. Wasn't she 70 last week? Anything from area three? Yes. Kit's found someone to transmit then. Only as a stop gap till we send out a new operator. How we doing for recruits? Just about exhausted the Force's referrals. Then we must have a blitz on civilians. [music playing] Oh, Joyce. How are you doing? He's offered me some coupons. And I suppose he told you you look like Vivien Leigh. And how did you know? I'm psychic. [music playing] Dancing. You asking? I'm asking. I dancing. Anyone ever told you you look like Vivien Leigh? Must have been the same lines you [inaudible] since you look like Clark Gable. So you're just my type. What, scared you'll be court martialed? [clock ticking] How's your foxtrot? [inaudible] bloody [inaudible],, that's what we are, never mind the jitterbug. What's that supposed to mean? It's French, isn't it? I'll be waiting or some such bunk. Well, what if it is? You won't catch me dancing to no frog music. [inaudible] Oh, now, just a minute. Well, that's what they are, isn't it? What do you know about it? I know I wouldn't let the Jerrys walk into my country. Oh, that's easy to say, isn't it? We give them a fight if they landed here and they'll just put their hands up. - They didn't. - Why not? No, not all of them. And we didn't do much to help. Even their good stuff. Only so they could fight back from here. I'm looking at Nazi boots. Filthy collaborators. Just you shut your mouth. You don't know a blaming thing about it, not about ordinary French people being treated like shit. Seeing their relatives being sent off to labor camp someone so just you shut your mouth. Stupid bitch. What's the tie anyway, she's not a bleedin' frog. Yes, she is. Well, half. [music playing] Here. Cheers. All the best. Your Friend says you're half French. Yeah. And not ashamed of it, either. - OK. OK. I'm just interested, that's all. Excuse me, Sarge, is this chair free?Thanks. Your mother or father, is it? My mother. You speak the lingo? Of course, I do. Well? Well as I speak English. Better, some would say. You ought to make use of it. How do you mean? Well, they're looking for people who speak fluent French. Who are? [clock ticking] [knock on door] Yes? Any time for the news? Oh, thank you. You having a good wallow? Oh, Claudine. She was such a pretty girl. I'll always remember the first time I met her. I just arrived at the Lausanne. I was sitting alone in the dormitory feeling very lost, and suddenly the door burst open and in marched Claudine. She was only about 12. And she introduced herself, and then asked me if I'd started the curse. I had no idea what she was talking about. I wish I knew how she was. I'm sure she's all right. How can you be all right living in an occupied country? I think of her. Then I think of myself. This cotton wool existence. [music playing] Hi. But don't hang around to apologize. Thank you very much. You come along with me. [closes door] [knock on door] Yes. Mrs. Grainger, Miss Ashley. Show her in, please, Davis. Come in, Mrs. Granger. I'm Faith Ashley. How do you do? Why don't you sit down? Excuse the somewhat unsalubrious surroundings. Like most of London, it's seen better days. I've not been out for a while. Have you been living in Devon? Yes. I took my daughter down there when the blitz started. We live with my mother. You have just the one child? Yes. How old is she? Nearly five. School age, then? Almost. And your husband, is he in the forces? Yes. He's in Cairo at present, Staff HQ. Any other family? I had a brother. He was killed in action several months ago. I'm sorry. Were you close? Very. Our parents were stationed abroad for most of our childhood, so we were rather thrown together. As you know, the Admiralty passed your letter on to us. You've evidently spent a lot of time in France. It's my second home. Was. And you say you know the Brogue area well? Yes. I've got all my photographs here if you'd like to-- Oh, yes, I'll look at them later. You also spent two years at the Sorbonne? Yes. A friend of mine, Claudine, was studying in Paris, too. And we stayed with an aunt of hers in Passie. [speaking french] [speaking french] [birds chirping] [typing] Major Jarvis will see you now, sir. [music playing] [speaking french] Well, You certainly speak the language well. So do you. I was at the embassy in Paris for some time. Ah, so that's how you came to join the war office. As a matter of fact, I'm not with the war office. I actually work for another organization. That's in confidence. Of course. Mrs. Grainger, has it ever occurred to you that your knowledge of France and the French might be of use to the war effort? You mean, translating or something? Well there are various possibilities. Well, it would be difficult for me to take your job because of Vicky, my daughter. She'll soon be at school, you said. There's still holidays. Who's looking after her while you're up here? My mother. Perhaps I could manage some part time work. I'd very much like to. Oh, I've bottled jam, knit socks, wipe evacuees noses, but anyone could do that. No, I'd like to help if I can. [music playing] Celtic - Sod it. Wouldn't you know. Just when I've got an interview, too. [inaudible]. Oh, that would be lovely. Do you mind? I won't be a tick. Stuck to gravy browning. At least that don't [inaudible]. So you and your mother are living in Stepney? Yeah. With my grandad. That's your father's father? Yeah. He's on his own. You say when war broke out, you were living in Lorraine working in your maternal grandmother's guest house. Yeah, to begin with, yeah. But soon there was no guests, except the odd commercial traveler. So I thought I'd make myself useful. Doing what? I heard they needed nurses behind the line so I started this course with the French Red Cross. But you failed to complete it. Yes. Why was that? The Germans come. That's what finally done it for grandma. Before she snuffed it, she made me promise to take mom back to England. So you did? So I did. Well, you seem to have had quite a few jobs in your time, Miss Firman. Oh, you name it. Waitress, hairdresser, shop assistant. I even done a stint in the post office as a wireless operator. And now I'm a turner for my sins. You know, I want to live. Making what? Bits of bridges for the Royal Engineers. And how do you enjoy that? I'm bored to buggery. Hello. Well, hello. Thanks, again, for the loan of nail polish. That's all right. Not that you didn't spot the ladder right away, that Miss Ashley. There was a trick, that one. One of them cut glass females. You know what, she isn't with the war office at all. She's with the [inaudible] outfit. She didn't say much, mind, but I wouldn't mind betting they're sending blokes over to France despite-- --keep your voice down. I'm sorry, but, you know, [inaudible] and all that. All right. That's good. So you've trapped your meal. Now, kill it. For Christ's sake, can't we practice on a stuffed one first? [birds chirping] How would your husband feel about your working? I don't think he'd mind. Not if it's what I want. You have a good marriage? Yes. Yes. Very. Tell me. Would you be prepared to return to France to live there for a while? f You mean in the unoccupied zone? No. We've been sending agents in for some time, civilians as well as servicemen. But I'm not a man. I had noticed. Your sex would not preclude your going. We're not part of the orthodox services. In fact, we're rather frowned on by them. Why me? You speak fluent French, you know the country well. Such specialized knowledge is very hard to come by. There's no need to give me your answer now. Think it over. Let me know when you've decided. There's nothing to decide. I'm sorry, Colonel, I have a young child. I couldn't even consider it. Well, I don't need to consider it, send me out there tomorrow, if you like. Miss Firman, even if we did decide to take you on board, it wouldn't be before you've done a very rigorous training. When can I start? I haven't yet said that you can. I shall need to consider further, too. Please, Colonel. I'd give anything to go back. Why? I'm half French. I'd feel the same if it was England they were tramping all over. And I'm half Jewish, too. Come on. Again. But we agreed, Gil. We agreed to cast the net wider. To recruit more civilians, yes. But not women. Surely, it's a question of their suitability, not their sex. You know my views on women agents. On women full stop. Emotional, weak, intellectually inferior. There's no getting away from it. They're a liability. No offense, Faith, I don't count you as one. Thank you. Besides-- I meant, in the field. The women we've sent out so far have done fine. Exactly. They were service women, used to discipline. They were also bloody good agents. They're at less risk than the men, too. Not so many papers they can get around without attracting attention. Depending on their looks. Well, no one is suggesting we recruit Dorothy Lamour. Women also make good wireless operators and, Lord knows, we need them. Apart from anything else, what if it were to get out that we are forcing women to get-- No one is forcing them. They're all volunteers. - Right. We've spent enough time on that. We'll go for women as well as men. On your own head, [inaudible]. For crying out loud, do you think I'll be considering it if I had any choice? This country isn't exactly overflowing with French speakers. - But can-- We need people out there and we need them at once. If a woman fits the bill, I'm going to do my damnedest to get her, civilian or not. But his excuse was not accepted. Well, that didn't tell us much. Now, here are tonight's announcements. Dick? Yes? What? What's up? You've been like this ever since you got back from London. They've offered me a job. You mean at the war office? Something I could use my French for. Will you take it? I must do more, mother. What will Lawrence say? He'll understand. I'll write to him tonight. Oh, well. It was too good to last. The past 18 months. It's the first time we've been really together since you were a baby. Yes. So will be moving to Knightsbridge, then? What do you do about Vicky? I doubt you'll find a nanny. Well, I'd like her to stay here with you, if that's all right. Yes, of course, but-- Just for the holidays, that is. I'm thinking of sending her to Springbridge Hall as from uptown. But she's so young, Liz. Well, Jack and I weren't much older when you sent us to boarding school. Don't think it was easy. It was the most difficult decision I've ever had to make. So is this, mother. It was also a decision I've regretted ever since. If I'm not quite-- he stopped and tried again. Pooh, whatever happens, you will understand, won't you? Understand what? Oh, nothing. He laughed and jumped to his feet. Come on. Where? Said Pooh. Anywhere, said Christopher Robin. So they went off together. But wherever they go, and whatever happens to them on the way in that enchanted place on top of the forest, a little boy and his bear will always be playing. [music playing] You know where it was that Christopher Robin was going? No. He was going to boarding school. Just like mommie did. And Uncle Jack didn't like that even when they were all little. How would you like to go to boarding school? No, I want to stay here with you. [music playing] Whew. You want another go? Some of the fellows are going down the path. Coming? [inaudible] No, they say old Duncan turns a blind eye once the bulk of the class is over. You coming? I ought to finish these letters, but thank you all the same. What about you? Suzanne? No, thanks. Pubs aren't frightfully me. Really? Oh, well, you don't mind if I go slumming it, do you? Bit of a case, you old chum. I didn't think she had a hope in hell to begin with. And, blow me, she beats us all hollow. Well, Duncan obviously thinks highly of him. And his CO gives him a glowing reference. The psychiatrist report is signed, too. That's not always a recommendation. Seems a good bet to me. Well put him down for the leader's course a possible replacement for Leon, area six. Who's next? Serrano, Colin Beale. A good mixer, athletic, level headed most of the time. The occasional dash of flamboyance. That's the actor in him. Sometimes you need a dash of flamboyance. Hang on a tick. The shrink doesn't seem too keen. Says he's got an Oedipus complex, whatever that is. Lacks mature. Oh, God. That's the least of our worries. The important thing is he knows the Brogue area well. He could be very useful to us, Gil. Put him down. We can always arrange a safe house with a nice maternal landlady. Liz Grainger, Celeste. She's the married one, isn't she? Duncan reckons she'd make a very good courier. Cautious, controlled, intelligent, another with a sound knowledge of area three, as well as a very useful contact. What do you make of her, Faith? I agree with Duncan about her general suitability. I have a feeling she's still torn. Because of the child. If you remember, I was against recruiting-- Yes, we remember, Gil. What does the psychiatrist say? For the umpteenth time, I will not base my decisions on what some pen pushing quack says. Well, dammit, we'd never have sent Kit Vanston out there if we'd listened to the psychiatrist report. Actually, he gives her a very good one. I'm putting her name forward. She can always pull out if she wants to. Keep an eye on her, Faith. Right. All right. What about Aimee Mathilde Firman? Wow. That says it all, doesn't it? You're turning me down? I'm afraid so. How come? I'm sorry, Mathilde. I had high hopes of you, too. You mustn't look on it as a failure. It's no reflection on-- Why? Why have I been turned down? My decision is based upon the findings of your instructors. I don't believe it. Mathilde-- I did well, I know I did, I danced a lot better than most of them. Not talking to animals-- No one disputes your achievements. It's a question of personality. You sure you don't mean class? That's it, isn't it? I'm not the right bloody drove. It has nothing to do with that. We are prepared to take people from any background, provided they have the right qualities. What's wrong with me then? Sergeant Major Duncan considers you're a security risk. And that is something I can't overlook. Give me a for instance. You leave your notes lying about. You lose your temper easily. You talk too much. A more serious example of that was in the pub. One of the barmen is on our payroll. We were talking in French. For crying out loud, because the majority of Englishmen don't speak fluent French doesn't mean to say they can't understand a word. Anyone could have overheard you and guessed what was going on at the manor. Well, I didn't think. Quite. And in France, that sort of carelessness could cost you your life. And the lives of your friends. People you've been training with, perhaps. Celeste or Suzanne. I swear, I'd never put anyone else's life at risk, never. Not intentionally. Please. Give me another chance. I know you need wireless operators urgently. Send me on that course. I'll be the best one you ever had. Mathilde, have you any idea what it's like being a wireless operator in occupied France? It's probably the most dangerous job there is. The only one where you carry with you at all times tangible evidence of your guilt. I'm not afraid of the risks. I wasn't only thinking of the dangers. It's also a very lonely job. You can go for days, weeks, without talking to a soul. And that's where boredom sets in. I'd say the boredom was your worst enemy. And it would be good for my character, wouldn't it? I want to go out there more than ever now. They've been arresting more Jews, evidently thousands of them. I've got cousins still out there, if they're not already in concentration camps. Please, Colonel. I'm sorry, Mathilde. I must listen to my instructors. I really am very sorry. Would you send in the next person, please? [music playing] Darn. [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 