Wish Me Luck: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wish Me Luck 
 s2e4 - Episode #2.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wish Me Luck (1987–1990): Season 2, Episode 4 - Episode #2.4 - full transcript 
 Liz arrives in France and takes control of a plot to raid the dock and disable a U-boat transmitter,helped by local contact Jeanne. Vivien goes to Toulon where she is told her daughter Yvette lives,only to find she is no longer there and her decision to act on her own angers Liz. Jeanne is forced to betray the operation to the German commander Voller but shouts a warning to the agents before she is shot dead and Gordon wounded. Colin,meanwhile,has made it back to London and is visited in hospital by Cad and Faith. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [theme music] This your first reception committee? Yes. What do I do? See that? Sit down over there. Put your feet up. Is there nothing I can do? Leave this to me and the lads. This is men's work. [plane flying overhead] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She comes! [music playing] Hello, Zoe. It's you-- Liz! I'm Collette now. What the bloody hell is going on here? Ah, you must be Gaspar. I'm the new leader. What? OK. [plane taking off] That's the target. Now we've got someone working in there two nights a week. She's resistance. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 GASPAR: I need a diagram of the mast, width of the cable, height of the base. Accurate. I'll get one. So if we blow up just one aerial, they can't transmit? If the U-boats have to surface every time they need to use their radio, they'll be sitting ducks. Duck soup. Our job's going to be getting into the compound. So long as she's doing a recce. And if it's essential, she may be able to work from the inside. It's a big job. I'll be going in with you, placing the charges. Now we're going to have to rely a lot on French help. What's this bunch like? Joseph's lot? Untrained, undisciplined. Andre never get down to it. I was going to start giving them the basics in explosives. There's a lot that you can tell me, Gaspar. Such as? The others. Look, I know what Zoe went through. She got over it, do you think? You'll have to ask her that yourself. She's a good, reliable worker, that girl. And Solange? Does her job. And? Look, I need to know anything that you can tell me. I'm worried about security in this area. That malicien who was shot-- why were they looking for a British agent? Or did they think that Andre was French? And how did they get onto his safe house? I have no idea. Well, was he being followed? Do you think there's an informer? Well, do you? None of us been picked up. Not yet, but Andre very nearly was. Look at me. Time that we get off. Long walk. You have a long way to go, senor. [music playing] Have you any idea how they get onto his safe house? Search me. Something must have aroused their suspicions. I'm changing all routines. The dead letter drops will be replaced, so will the passwords. A new broom. I'm sure you're right. And there will be no contact at all between anyone on this circuit except through me and you, as courier. And you'll come here for your instructions. Good. This is rather a jolly place. Were you dying to come out or did they have to twist your arm? I came out because I was needed. Well, yes, but Gaspar's nose right out of joint. You were with Zoe, weren't you, when she had the miscarriage. Yes. It was tough, but she's all right now. You sure? Mm, hm. Oh, she's loaded down with Catholic guilt, but we've had a good talk. I mean-- oh! I-- I nearly forgot. Look. The-- the fence around the compound is no good to us. Gaspar will have to get into the side gate, but it's locked and barred from the inside. Well, this will be very useful, Solange. But you must have been taking an enormous risk, getting in that close. Well, it's my neck. Just check first. We're a team, Solange, and you're the link that binds us. You go, we all go. You must understand that. Well, blimey, I thought you'd be pleased. Oh, there you are. I got the go ahead for the transmitter raid in area 7. Good. Bet my commanders are laughing up their sleeves at the idea of us doing a more exact job with a couple of agents and a few pounds of plastic. Oh! Anything from the Spanish council about Andre? No, not yet. But at least we know Liz landed safely. Marvelous. What's that? It's the new liaison man from de Gaulle's lot-- Paul Daubert. What's his background? Worked with the resistance, was captured, and escape from prison of war camp last year. Came to London and joined de Gaulle's lot. He's already been back on a couple of missions. Better arrange to see him, I suppose. PM wants us to work closer together. He's away till next week. That's a good start. Typical! [music playing] [speaking spanish] How much further is it? [spanish]. You have a long way to go, senor. We have to stop in a bar for the night. Oh, come on! Why not just keep going? To travel late would look suspicious. Besides, I need my rest. Great. So when do I get to Barcelona? I'll get you there sometime. If you're lucky, s puedes. Now be quiet. That's importante. The hills might be listening, huh? Zoe, can it come down? Coming! She's just coming. Is she all right? I expect you know what happened. Zoe needs a rest. Hello, Collette. - Hello, Zoe. - Oh, Zoe. Did I wake you? I wasn't asleep. Well, I'll leave you two then. Marie worries too much. Well, you know the dangers. I hope you're not getting too close. No, really. But I don't know what I'd do without them, at the moment. You never transmit from here? No, of course, not. It's a different place each time. And I never bring my set back either. Good. Now I won't be contacting you directly, as a rule. It will always be through Solange or one of the new letter drops. You got my last message? And here's another for your next get. We've got more information about our target. Now I came here because I need to know how you are. Really. I'm fine. There is one thing, though. What? My boyfriend. Does he know anything about it? Well, you didn't want us to tell him. No, I didn't. When you were here, the first time, did you learn to lie? Zoe, we all had to learn to lie. I've been trying to reach you for days. You have? Yes. Yes, please. 24 [french]. Thank you. Thank you, father. Oh! Now you ought to be very good and not say a word to anyone, especially not those long, English words I told you. We're going for a little walk. Are you going out again? Yes, I must. Well, you can leave junior with me. No, I need her. She's my perfect cover. - Well, be good. - Off we go. Bye. Bye, bye. [music playing] [door closing] She kept asking me questions about it. You did what they asked? I made the decision. And now you have some regrets? I couldn't let everyone down, but, yes, it was wrong. These aren't ordinary times. You must be so hard on yourself. But you know how wrong it was. What must you think of me? I? I think you're a very brave girl. Can you forgive me then? Oh, yes. Hello? Hello. Hello, again. Hello? When this bloody war is over, you'll go home, marry a nice bloke, and have a horde of kids. You didn't, though. I didn't. One hell of a huge mistake, letting Yvette be adopted. Yvette? Is what you called her? Mm, hm. A French name. She's over here, isn't she, Solange? I wanted you to guess. I had her when I was working over here a long time ago. Do you know where she's living now? In Toulouse. The local priest has been helping me. After all these years, I know exactly where she is. I'm going to see her, Zoe. But is that wise? You could blow your cover, everything. I must know if she's all right, if things have turned out for her. And maybe-- well, just to see her. Is that why you volunteered to come out here? No. Don't think that. Of course, they did come into that event-- Yvette and Johnny. You're not to breathe a word to anyone. I only told you because I thought I could trust you. You won't tell ever! Do you promise? OK. I promise. But for heaven's sake, be careful. I'm one of life's survivors. I might need you to cover for me, though. Oh. What? You mean to tell-- Oh, it doesn't matter. I was only thinking-- Collette. Yes, ma'am. No, ma'am. Ms. Bossy Boots. [music playing] OK. So what's going on? What do you mean? I was taking a message to Zoe. I didn't give you any message. I wanted to make sure she knew about the letter drops. That's not your job. Look, I'm fond of Zoe. I've been keeping an eye on her. I thought that's what you would have wanted. Solange, you were in there for half an hour! And what were you doing, lurking about? Trying to catch me out or what? The point is you led me straight to our pianist and you didn't even notice you were being followed. What, in God's name, are you thinking about? There was no need to sneak up on me like that. You frightened the life out of me. I could have been the Gestapo. Look, part and parcel of a courier's job is learning how to cope with the boredom. I don't know what's been going on here, but you seem to think that you can come and go exactly as you please. Which is exactly what a good courier should be able to do. This isn't a game. Let me spell it out. From now on, you only go where I say, when I say. Is that clear? [music playing] How many other caches have you got? Nine. Though some are only ammunition or explosives. Do you know where all of them are? Yes, of course. No, none of us. Not even you or I should have a complete picture. But I'll move some. I'll get some new hiding places. Oh, Solange just contacts me, usually, for that sort of thing. Are they? Good. Joseph, my first priority is going to be to tighten up security. What about arms and sabotage training for my men? Right. We'll get that underway, too. I'll put Gaspar in charge. Not before [inaudible]. Gaspar will need my help with the transmitter operation. Yes, he will, but I'm going in with him. You? Yes. I need you to arrange the two back ups to get us out of there. And that woman that you've got in the radio station-- Jeanne. How much does she know? Other than plans for the raid? Just about everything. Well, she's been planted there for some time, waiting for you lot to sort yourselves out. And, uh-- what did she know about us? Nothing. No worry. Jeanne's reliable. She always has been. Right. Well, I needed to get a duplicate key to the side gate and an accurate diagram of the area mast, the base, and the cables. I'll get a message to her. Oh. And can she find Solange a fresh cover? Right. [music playing] [water splashing] Madame? Yes. I think you have one of my husband's shirts-- a blue one with long sleeves. Francois, stop that! Take these into the house, then you can go and play. And don't be late! Solange? Yes. You're Jeanne. You'll be bringing in fresh produce from the farms two nights a week and helping me in the laundry. Good. What's my cover? You're impersonating a woman who has disappeared in the last couple of months. This is her picture. Your name is Victoire Lacoste. You were born in Toulouse on the 21st of July, 1903. Your husband, Bernard, worked in the vineyards. He died of pneumonia in February, '38. Your daughter was killed last year. I can tell you anything else you need to know. You knew her? Yes. They'll interview you. I don't know. You don't look right, you-- Don't worry. You'll be surprised. Do you know, with the headscarf and the glasses, you're going to look exactly like her. There's a pretty good resemblance already. - I'm going to look wonderful. - Aren't you afraid? Absolutely terrified. [music playing] Victoire Lacoste, how do you do? [music playing] Why do you want this job? I need to live. Not every French woman would choose to work here. I have an arrangement with a farm. That's all I can supply you. I only work in the season. And you travel around the vineyards? Taking produce to the workers. So you will know Monsieur DuPont and his family. Monsieur DuPont-- which one do you mean? It's a common name. They live at the chateau [french].. Oh, them. I don't deal with the owners. What would they have with me? They were arrested last week. I thought everyone knew about it. I have no one to tell me news like that. No friends? Not since my daughter's death. Then you're not afraid of being unpopular? No. The girl was killed in a bombing raid last year, I see. Sleeping in her bed when the British murdered her. She was 10 years old. Yes. Very well. The laundress says that she could do with some help. I can do that. Your rate of pay will be the same as hers and the mess officer will give you the orders for each delivery. [music playing] What time are we due at the hospital? I told Colin about 2:30. I'm meeting the minister at 4:00. Damn useless. I even had to argue my case for the means to do the job. Yes. Oh, I fixed up a session with Paul Daubert for next week. I thought, perhaps, we better meeting informally this first time. He sounded rather charming on the telephone. Very Gallic. [music playing] On top of everything else, Colin probably feels guilty about being sent home. Well, we can set him straight on that. What exactly did they say about him? That recovery could be a long process. But he will recover? They can't be certain. At least we got him home in one piece. There's something none of us can reconcile ourselves to-- the cost to any young man's life. It's not just the physical recovery, but the other scars. They're so damn young. What about your boy, Cad? Will he be sent overseas after training? That's what they say. [music playing] You have some things to tell us, madame. That is why you've been sent to me. I don't know anything. Come with me. It will be to your son's advantage. Look. Francois! How old is your son? 13. I want two pieces of information-- the date and the number of people involved. If you cooperate, your son will not be interrogated. [music playing] Hello, Colin. How are you feeling? Just tired. Just tired and tired. They're looking after you? Well, they've put me on some kind of tablets. You'll soon be up and out of here. Where on earth did you get that? Well, we have ways and means. We've been worried about you. There will be a riot in here. How's everything going? Is Gaspar coping all right. Oh, yes-- Well, actually, we decided to-- We decided to send a new leader-- Liz. Well, that's all right then. I let you all down. No, Colin. I'm sorry. It's one of those things nobody can predict. What happened affected you in a particular way. It isn't your fault. Nobody could have done more than you. The pressures were too great. They think I'm madly embittered against the British. What? You've got a nerve. I have no friends since the death of my daughter. She was 10 years old, sleeping in a bed when the British murdered her. They said the bomb was meant for a factory. You shouldn't be telling me all of this. Oh, they hired me! It's all on for the raid. And you shouldn't have come here, either. What would Collette say, if she found out. Our head girl is the problem. I've got to go into Toulouse tomorrow to see Yvette. Why tomorrow, Solange? We get the go ahead on the BBC any day now. That's why. After the raid, I have to lie very low. Besides, suppose something went wrong. It's got to be tomorrow, but there's big boots to contend with. So could you spin a yarn, if necessary? You mean lie to her about where you are? Just this once. Just for me. It's the only chance I have to see her, to see my daughter. All right. Bless you. It's only if she comes snooping round. You've been very helpful, madame. You'll spare him? Now you will return to your home, and job, and pretend none of this has occurred. Can I take Francois? He will be safe with us. If anyone asks you where he is, say that he is with friends or relatives. Yes. If you arouse any suspicion, things will not go well with him. Jeanne did this? It's the aerial mast that stands closest to the side gate. Does it show you what you need? - Mm, hm. This is our baby! Let's hope she's got it right. Beautiful. The base is low. I didn't want to carry a ladder in with me. So where do we place the charges? All we have to do is blow two legs of the pylon-- those two there. With them gone, the aerial's own weight will bring it down. Just that? That'll stop them from transmitting? Should put them out of action for months, we hope. As I said, I will be going in with you. Could do worse. There is one thing I'd like to know-- how much do we have to rely on Solange? Julie is fast asleep. I'm going now. Well, well. If I didn't know it was all work, I'd say this was some other kind of rendezvous. No such luck. You look radiant. I'm very happy today. Will you wish me luck? But I don't know what it's for. Please? Good luck then. See you later. Bye. And there was Solange, large as life, going into the town hall. She didn't see me. Well, did you ask her why afterwards? She said it was on Andre's orders, to make a contact. Of course, Andre's not here to tell us whether that's the truth or not. Do you believe that? At first, I thought, fair enough. But I've thought about it since. It doesn't make sense, unless the contact was on the other side. Thank you, Gaspar. I'll deal with it. [music playing] [knocking] Madame Moureau? Yes? What can I do for you? So our organization is recruiting support to cheer up our lads held prisoner in Germany. Oh. To write them letters. I've heard about this. Yes, young pen pals to knit socks. They're having a-- an awful time. And do you have a daughter, aged 19-- Yvette? You've heard about Yvette? Our charity has information from the lycee. Mamma! I'm in here with a visitor. Cherie, you're so late. I'm sorry, mamma. It's all right. I've come to see Solange. She isn't here. Isn't she? It's Collette. Oh. I thought she was going to be here today. No, Solange is in Toulouse. Didn't you know that? [baby cooing] I didn't think she was expecting you. No, I don't think she was. This lady has come to talk about the prisoners of war. Oh, pleased to meet you. Hello. Well, Yvette-- This is my daughter, Madeleine. I'm sure she will help the prisoners. Oh. Good. Thank you. And Yvette? Will she be home soon? I'm afraid not. Yvette doesn't live with us anymore. [music playing] Yes, I can see it now. There's something about the eyes. Is there? Everyone says Madeline takes after me. You're very alike. Do you have a photo of Yvette? Well, somewhere. Ari and I didn't know, when we adopted her, that we'd soon have a baby daughter of our own. It was an unexpected blessing. You say she left home last year? I don't know where she is now. Do you live near Toulouse? Yes, not too far. Why didn't you contact us before, if Yvette was on your mind. It was difficult with my husband. And I thought everything was going well. Well, madame, I did my best, but somehow she just never fitted in. Yvette treated my mother very badly. Mother has a weak heart now. I think from all the worry and arguments. Oh, hush, Madeleine. Have you really no idea where she is now? Well, she went off with a gang of friends-- rather unsuitable, I'm afraid. I need to see her. Will you help me? I suppose Pierre's mother will have the address. Thank you. (SINGING) Take a pound of marzipan! All set for tomorrow then? Yeah. Everything is arranged. And we still got two get away vehicles? As planned. And Joseph will provide the decoy, if necessary. What's your decision on the time pencils? One hour. Is that really going to give us enough time to get out of there? Time to melt away before the big bang. There is one change-- I'm including Zoe in the back up, with the French. Is that wise, risking your pianist? There's no one else. At least she can be trusted. You're the gaffer. Is something bothering you? It's Solange. First, that town hall lot and then she goes off to Toulouse for the day. It's not the first time it's happened. What? When young Zoe was in trouble, Solange went against my orders and left her on her own. I don't understand. You see, in many ways, she's a damn good courier, but she seems to have become completely irresponsible. No harm was done, as it turned out. Still, I wonder if it's wise to go ahead tomorrow. Oh, come on. She's probably just taking some time off. It's against the rules, but there it is. You're right. What's the go ahead message? Doreen is taking the boys out to lunch. And what's on the menu? Is it bangers, is it? Monsieur Daubert. Colonel Cadogan, I'm glad to meet you. The general has spoken of you. I can imagine. We don't always see eye to eye. I'm sure we can rectify that with better liaison arrangements. Let's hope so. This is Faith Ashley, my right hand. How do you do? We have met before. Oh? In Paris, I think. Weren't you working at the British embassy before the war? Yes. We met at some function there. Oh, I'm sorry. No, no, no. Why should you remember me? But I could not forget that marvelous hair. Oh, thank you. I have another meeting later. If we could just get down to business? I got your message. House briefing for tomorrow night. Where were you yesterday? I went out. Toulouse for the day-- a bit of light relief. You hadn't given me any orders. Sit down. You have excellent recall. It's one of the reasons that you were chosen. OK. I know you said I was not-- Only to go where I said, when I said. You disobeyed orders. Why? I needed a break. I had to get away. And that's more important than the job that we're here to do? There's something about you that, uh-- I'm not sure I can trust. Christ! For one day, I did what I damn well pleased! You know the rules. You have never liked me, have you? - This isn't personal. - No? No. You were warned. One more damn foolish trick and you'd be on the first plane back home. We do accept that our organizations need to work closely together to achieve a common aim. The liberation of France. And it therefore follows that we use the same modus operandi. I suppose, from that, you want us to change our ways? Centralization is all very well, but, in my view, it's already caused a considerable threat to security in France. That is your view. I happen to think otherwise. The outfit has operated from the word go on the principle of fragmentation. Small groups liaising with each other through HQ in London. And are you telling me that has not lead to problems? Of course not. I have worked in the field, remember? I've seen your people who left high and dry. Wireless operator killed, so no one knows what the hell is going on. I'd rather risk that than have every Tom, Dick and Harry knowing. At least they can talk about what they don't know. You keep on about the French talking. Look, we need each other. I'm in charge here. In the field, we rely upon you. Tomorrow, for example. Oh, yes. A big feather in your cap. You hope. Vital to our cause, I think. And vital to proving our combined effectiveness, monsieur Daubert. Our authority needs the practical backing of the conventional forces, especially now, with plans for the invasion. Of course. I do understand. Besides, you need a good courier. And what about tomorrow night? You'll never do it without me. I can cancel. God, you can't! You can't afford to. It's too important. Look, what I can't afford to do is to risk everybody else. Look, I'm sorry. I've always been straight with you. I was wrong to take the day off. I should have asked you first, somehow. They need this operation to succeed. You need me in there. I swear I'll do exactly what you say. You'll have to memorize the exterior layout. Right. Now Jeanne will give you the key and she'll tell you when. And your job is to signal and then it in Gaspar and me here, through the side gate, into the compound. Got it. And Jeanne? Jeanne will be taking care of the guards. MAN: (ON RADIO) Over the room. The cow will jump over the room. Michael sends his love to Susan. Michael sends his love to Susan. Aunt Doreen is taking the boys out for lunch. [music playing] Put the supplies in there, Victoire. And then you can help me with the laundry. Are you all right? Yes, I'm all right. Must go now. Can't let them down. Whatever you're going to do, don't let us down. Come home safe. - I'll be home by morning. Don't worry. Good luck. It's like using the others all over again. Don't say that, father! [music playing] [crickets chirping] [dog barking] Go now. But it's early. Now. [music playing] [shot firing] Run for it! It's a trap! Run for it! [gunshots firing] It's a trap! Get back! [machine gun firing] [gunshots firing] Fire! [gunshots firing] [screaming] Get him clear! [screaming] Gaspar! [shots firing] [screaming] [shots firing] [screaming] [shots firing] [music playing] [groaning] [shots firing] Come on! Give us a bloody hand! Come! Get him in there! Now let's get the hell out of here! Get going! [screaming] Where's Zoe? [music playing] [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 