Wish Me Luck: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wish Me Luck 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wish Me Luck (1987–1990): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 When one of their wireless operators proves unreliable 'Cad' Cadogan and Faith decide to recruit Mathilde after all. She comes top of her class and is befriended by vicar's daughter Felicity,who opts to be her contact in England when she goes to France. Liz is also sent in along with actor Colin Beale,replacing a male agent who was killed. Their code names respectively are Aimee,Celeste and Cyrano and Cad gives them all cyanide pills should they be caught. However Mathilde refuses to accept hers. The three of them arrive in France and met by the Resistance. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [theme music] [music playing] See you on court. Hello, Cyrano. I dreamed of you yet. Just come from it. And what's HR got you do? They're sending me off into the wilds for some sabotage training. How about you? Get through all right? And I see and can't think how. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Must be that lethal backhand of yours. Don't suppose we'll be playing much tennis in France. What have they got you lined up for? Courier. And I got on a special course. They're taking her then. Well, she did jolly well. Well, I thought, you know, with a child. I suppose they know what they're up to. What about Aimee? Wireless operator, presumably. Oh, gosh, haven't you heard? She was turned down. Do you know where she is? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hold it. It's only me. I just heard. Don't you dare make some feeble remark about me being best out of it. I wouldn't. I know how much it mattered to you. Do you? How? I'll just kill that Duncan and that Colonel-bloody-Cadogan. Well, what did Cad say? That I'd be a security risk. I leave things lying around and my big mouth, like I did in the park. You warned me, didn't you? Go on. Go on. Say it. I told you so. I'm very sorry. The awful thing is he's sodding well right. I know it's a disappointment. Well, it's more than that. Five rejections. That's a third of the intake, Faith. Who's to say what others won't go back before the end. Yes I feel Miss Grainger's still a question mark. She's one we can least afford to lose. I've got her penciled in for Kit Vanston. I don't think we should put any pressure on her, Cad. She'd be ideal. Knows the Brogue area. And there's her old school chum. That's a maybe, but she must be given every chance to pull out. Yes, yes, I know, but we must have more people, especially in area three. I was hoping to send Pierre Boulange there, too. He's far too volatile. Major Duncan was right. Wonder if he was right about Mathilde Firman? We couldn't have risked her. We've only got his report to go on. And the other instructors. I'm not sure old Duncan isn't getting too damn choosy these days. Are you sure it isn't you who are lowering your standards? Quality, not quantity, we said at the beginning. In the beginning, we didn't know the half. [music playing] We've already cut the length of the courses. What else can we do? We've been rushing them through. And the time. And that's what we will seeking civilians. Well, for Christ's sake, do you think that's what I want? Do you think I enjoy sending a lot of half trained amateurs into that unholy mess. Sometimes I wonder why I took the job on. Tell me why when you ask me to join you. You said you owed it to France. They were good days. [whistling] Oh, shut up. First thing, are you? - Yes. They've given me a week's leave. Mother's collecting Vicky from school. And then you're coming back here? Yes. You're so lucky. I don't suppose we'll ever see each other again. We must keep up. That's swap addresses. You don't have an address. You'll be in France. So you've condescended to pay us a visit, have you? What's that in your fanny getup? I shan't be needing it after all. He turned you down? I just said so, didn't I? Bloody cheat. You're worth 10 of them lah-dee-dah [inaudible].. Granddad. Anyhow, you don't want to spend the rest of the war driving bleeping colonels around. Take it from me, girl, you're best off down in the factory. She'll be glad to see you, anyway. Hello, Mom. Still keeping the flags flying? Matty. You are back. Yeah. I'm back. There's your gate. Why don't you give it a try, Vic? No. Go on, Vicky. Don't be such a chump. [music playing] She's afraid you'll leave her again. I shall be, on Monday. Vicky. Vicky. [chattering] Everything gives you the pit, these days. I wouldn't mind swapping places with her, though. Really? At least she gets out there, sees-- I reckon it was just as boring singing "White Cliffs of Dover" all day. Nothing could be as boring as this. Suzanne, what's this fellow? He's an over lieutenant in the Wehrmacht. And what do you know from this badge? Oh, help. That's a talking cop contact. He's with a Panzer division. Good. Celeste, what do you know about him? He's not a German. He's one of the Milice. One of the ones who are in with the SS. Yes. It's just as well to remember that not all Frenchmen are on your side. They don't have to be in Milice uniform to be collaborators, either. Do you understand? But I knew him well. I had a safe house with him and his family. The SS must have got something on him. He was one of our most trusted contacts. You can never really trust the communist. He wasn't a communist. Trades unionist then. And even if he had been, for Christ's sake, there'd be no resistance in that area without the communists. I still think we should avoid him-- If you had your way, nobody would be working for this outfit except the stuffed shirts like yourself. Please, Victor. May we carry on with this meeting? Sorry. Sorry, Gil. It's just-- Anyway, he's been dealt with now. And can we turn to area 3? There was a message from Kit-- Gregoire last night. He's pretty sure there's something going on at the port. I wonder what they really feel. It's all so carefully worded. From an old boyfriend. He wonders what I'm up to. But no. It's difficult to believe, isn't it? That there was ever a life before. Yours from your husband? Yes, it is. He's in North Africa, you said? Cairo, Staff HQ. - Should be safe enough. - Yes. I think it's mostly paperwork. He's a lawyer. Crikey. He doesn't look like a lawyer at all. That's not Lawrence. That's my brother Jack. He was shot down over Germany last November. How frightful. Can you make anything of it? I see what you mean. God knows who Kit's using to transmit. Some Frenchman, I presume. None of our people are that inaccurate. You're beginning to sound like Gil. If only operators didn't take so damn long to train. Well, that reminds me. We had another letter from Mathilde Firman this morning. She's certainly persistent. I wish we could have-- You got it. First part anyway. They've someone established in the docks. Docs. That's what the word was. Good. Might get some information now. The rest of it'll take some time. And a lot of guesswork. Can I leave it with you, Faith? I really must get home tonight. It's our wedding anniversary. Congratulations. Give Helen my best wishes, too. Thank you. How many years is it now? Fifteen. Oh, Cad, it can't be. You were only just married when we first met. Are you taking her out to dinner? Yes, The Mayfaire. She told me to wear a carnation in case she forgot what I looked like. Poor Helen. Sometimes I wonder why she sticks it. Probably thinks I'm having an affair. Well, my sister is quite sure I am. She thinks it's with you. I'll say goodnight, then. Have a good time. You are my sunshine. My only sunshine. You make me happy when skies are gray. You'll never know, dear, how much I love you. So please don't take my sunshine away. [non-english speech] You know what I'd like? What's that? Nice big air raid. Don't say things like that. It would liven things up a bit. [inaudible] tonight. Oh, come on, there might be some GIs. Hey, what's going on? Oh, down. Who, me? Wish me luck. Oh, god. Looks like a telegram. Must be her dad. I knew it. I knew you'd give me another chance. Hang on there, Kit. Aren't you jumping the gun? Trying train is so bright you said that's just what I wanted. Yes. But not to go into France. We need skilled operators at this end, too. That's what I'm proposing. I suppose it was too good to be true. Your wireless instructor at the manor said you had exceptional aptitude. It'd be a pity to waste such a talent. It's a very worthwhile job, Mathilde. And vital to the war effort. It's up to you, of course. Yeah. OK. Might as well have a go. Be better than [inaudible] Some agents have been caught by the simplest mistakes. Often in connection with eating and drinking. If I had been a Gestapo officer, I'd have arrested at least three of you at dinner tonight. You must be careful not to handle knives and forks the English way. At tea time, I saw one of you pouring milk into the cup before the tea. That is English as making toast. Oh, and, girls, please never smoke in public. It's all right for the men, but there's cigarette rationing for females in France. I know it's unfair. But it's a fact of life. Right. Now, let's deal with the handling of Snap Police Controls. [telegraph machines] Stop. Play the take. You cut your letter in two. - Oh. - Start again. Try and get it smooth. All one flow. I say. Excuse me. You left this behind. Thanks How did you get on in class? Oh, I'm beginning to get the hang of it. You're jolly good. Oh, I had a bit of practice working at the post office. Limey, who does that belong to? Someone in my dormitory. Allison Digby Smith. Has every sodding person here got double barreled name? I haven't. It's Mountjoy. Lois. Firman. Mathilde. Oh, you're French. Half. I wonder they're not sending you out there. They would be if I hadn't bloody well blown it. She always used to draw us standing together. How's she getting on at school? She's beginning to settle in, according to mother. And she'd be bound to say that, wouldn't she? Children are amazingly resilient. Yes. What does your husband say about your joining the FANYs? As much as you can say in a letter of that sort. He's not frightfully keen. It would have been easier if I could have told him the truth. I suppose that's the hardest part, all the lies. You get used to it. You married? Divorced. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, it was years ago. I share a flat with my sister now. Her husband's in the Navy. She knows I'm with intelligence, but not what it's really about. Have you any children? No, luckily. From the point of view of my work. I always wanted a son as well as a daughter. Perhaps, after the war. Hello there. Is it all right if I come see you later, Miss Ashley? Of course. That's what I'm here for. Shall we say 5 o'clock in the library? Jolly good. Liz, you do know, don't you? If you've any doubts whatsoever, it's not too late to turn back. Isn't it? Right you are. Let's see how quickly and accurately you can carry this message. We would like to speak to your chief, ask him to fix time and place for an S phone interview. We would like to speak to your chief. Ask him to fix time and place for an s phone interview. [music playing] Well, stone me. Oh, golly, didn't know there was anyone around. I like to keep up my running. Aye, that was bloody wonderful. I wouldn't say that. It was. I'm a bit rusty, actually. You should take that up professional. That's what I'm hoping to do, eventually. Do you play any instruments? Me? I thought perhaps you might. You've got such a good ear. I've bashed at the old piano down a pub. Come, come, come and make eyes. What made you join the FANYs? Daddy. He said to be more respectable in the ATS. What's your dad do then? He's a vicar. Oh, that's why you flinch every time I swear. I don't mean to. Nor do I. That's another of the reasons I joined up. What, so you could learn some bad language? So's I could see more of life. Well, you don't see much sitting on your backside in the middle of Wilshire with a pair of earphones clamped around your head. I think they should have sent you. What? To France, if you'd wanted to go. I'd jolly well would've. Would you? Yes. You're better than most of the ones that are going. It's a pity you're not running the outfit. Sorry to keep you, Gil. You know how these meetings go on. If they'd spent as much energy fighting the war as they do on inter-service wrangling, we'd have won it by now. Victor says there's been no word from area three. No. Well, what the devils Kit up to then? I don't suppose he's sunning himself on the beach. What's the point of planting someone in the docks if we're not going to get any feedback? It's easier said than done when your nearest wireless operator's 100 kilometers away, and you're short of reliable couriers. If only there were more people ready. What's the latest on the trainees? Not too good. Faith phoned from the manor last night. Someone else has just dropped out. Celeste? Huh? There's something I think you should know. They told me not to broadcast the fact that I'm off tomorrow. Off where? Off to France? Lord, no. Back to my unit, actually. I'm kicking it in. Why, Suzanne, you were doing so well. And certainly, I fancy living to a ripe old age. Do you You think I'm a frightful coward? No. I sometimes think it takes more guts to say no than it does to go ahead. Yes. That's how I lost my virginity. Well, actually there is another reason, too. When I first joined the outfit I just had a note from my fiance breaking off our engagement. I suppose I volunteered sort of on the rebound. Then the other day, I got that letter out of the blue. It's always been the same with me. High ideals, grandiose schemes, and some man snaps his fingers and I go running. Not that Tim snapped his fingers, he's just a friendly note. But, well, why there's life. Well, thanks for telling me. I suppose it's all right to tell him my real name now, too. It's Felicity Hunter. Better not tell me yours, unless you're thinking of packing it in as well. No, at least-- no. Why are you doing it? I mean, heck, someone like you with a husband and a child. I'm not sure. First, it seemed clear cut. Patriotism, duty, all the things that they feed you all the time. And it is all those things but it's complicated. Your brother. Believe me, that's not straightforward. Revenge for his death. Hating the Germans. It's not really those things, it's more to do with-- I don't know. Not being left behind. Can I have your attention? Come on, this isn't a cocktail party. Now, yesterday you got to know your radios. Condenser, modulator, crystals, all in good working order. Well, today, you're not going to have it quite so easy. There's something wrong with each of your sets. Now, it's no good looking at me like that. I'm not going to tell you what it is. You're going to find out for yourselves. And when you've done so, you're going to repair it. Aren't you? [music playing] What are you waiting for, a thank you letter? [inaudible], where did you-- I've been tailing you for the last 10 minutes. But that man right there, I thought he was-- The SS employ women, too, remember. FAITH: Morning, Victor. Hello, Faith. Any news from area three yet? No. It looks bad. Today, while the others are having their weapon instruction, I want to talk specifically to those of you who will be going on to work at the receiving center here in England. Now, to some of you, it may appear to be a somewhat dull job compared to that of your colleagues who will be going into enemy territory. But I cannot emphasize enough the importance of your role, or what your existence can mean to our operators in the field. Where possible, we try and pay you off so that the operator at home really gets to know the first of the man out there. Or woman. Our people abroad often refer to their counterpart here as their godfather. Godmother. They're aptly named. For often, an agent's life can depend on you. It couldn't be much worse. The chap they planted in the docks has been killed. Hell. Well, at least if he's dead, he can't talk. But local resistance is in a shambles. Kit himself is having to dive under, and the only wireless operator he can trust is in the back of beyond. God, what a mess. Yes. The wording is pretty ripe even for Kit. I'm not surprised, poor bastard. We must send out a backup team at once, wireless operator, Naval specialist, courier, at the very least. Thank God the training is over. So who's it to be, Cad? Colin Beale's, the obvious one for the docks, the only one with a naval know how. And there are several couriers ready. I propose Elizabeth Grainger. Celeste. Apart from anything else, she'll have a ready made safe house. I still don't like it. A woman with a child. Well, surely, that's up to her. You can't have it both ways, Gil. You urge me to send people out there, then start complaining when I do. All right, then. The wireless operator is the problem. We need someone experienced, but all our best one's already in the field. It will have to be one of the new trainees. If anyone is sufficiently advanced. Better get onto the school. Faith already has been. They recommend Mathilde Firman. Aimee. They say she is streets ahead of the others on the course. But we've already turned her down for active service. I am suggesting we reconsider. They say she could be ready with a few more days intensive training. - No, Cad. Damn it. You can't send someone who's an obvious security risk. For once, I agree with Gil. And of that, of all areas. I believe she has learned her lesson. They've been keeping an eye on her. And what if she hasn't? Do we jeopardize more lives? If we don't send out an operator, we'll be jeopardizing a damn sight more. Surely, there must be somebody else. I'm sorry. For once, I'm going to override you both. I've an instinct about that girl. Guess what? It's happened. They changed their mind. They're sending me. To France? Yes. The chief just told me. They want me, Lois. They want me. Well, say something. Can I be your godmother? Bloody idiot. Aimee. Oh, it's you. Might have known. Cad said you were back in the fold. You all right? Do I look all right? I'm sorry, but you don't step off into the road. Well, how was I to know there was a maniac coming. Sod it, you ran a ladder in my stocking. Would some nail varnish help? Celeste. So you're coming to France after all. I'm so glad. You better keep your voice down, careless talk and all that. A report from previous agents and other sources indicate a steady build up of Naval activity here in the port. Now, we need detailed information so that the Allies can take appropriate action. Your job, Cyrano, will be to glean such information, and to assess the situation. As you all know, there's a 25 kilometer zone [inaudible] in operation. So we'll need to provide you with a job either in or near the port. And, of course, with the watertight cover story. You two will be working in the area behind the docks here. You and Celeste will act as liaison between Gregoire, the circuit leader, and Cyrano and Aimee. You'll also be helping Gregoire build up the resistance groups in the neighborhood. Now, your job, Aimee, is to keep communications going between London and France at all costs. There's no use pretending it won't be hazardous work for all of you. Any questions? How soon will we be leaving? There's a full moon in a week's time. Could be any night after that. Normally, you'd be sent to parachute school at this stage. But since time is of the essence, you'll be flown in direct by lysander. Can't say that breaks my heart. Where do we go from here, sir? You'll be kitted out with documentation and wardrobe requirements. Oh, and there may be some dental work necessary. British fillings can be a big give away. And, of course, Major Travussini will want to see you about your cover stories. That means you need to dream up a cover story which allows you to travel over a wide area carry-- Don't worry, I've got it all worked out. I'm a district nurse, OK? That means I can carry a suitcase around without it looking suspicious. You can bum some pills and stuff on top of my equipment. And if anyone asks any questions, I did a Red Cross course in France, I should be able to get by. I'm pretty good at bandaging. I could set an infected arm in a pinch. Hang on. Hang on. Can we just go through this slowly, point by point? So you wish to stick to your training name? Celeste. Yes, please. It may bring me luck. I chose it because of Babar's Celeste. You know Babar the elephant? Well, no, you probably don't. It's one of my daughter's favorites. So that's agreed. You are Celeste [inaudible]. You have been recently widowed and you are [inaudible] visiting an old school friend. Claudine de Valois. [knocking on door] What the hell are you doing in there? Go away. We were due in there at 5:00. I'm sorry. So Claudine de Valois, you say? [music playing] If necessary, they'll file it off. At this stage, I always like to find out our agent's wishes regarding their families. But once you're out there, there can be no regular form of communication with your relatives. I realize that. Is there anything you'd like me to do for you while you're away? Yes, a couple of things. I've written a whole lot of postcards for Vicky. I wondered if you could post them for her at regular intervals? Let me have them before you go. You've told them you're going to Scotland, have you? Yes. And, if you could send a note to my mother periodically, too, just to tell her that I'm well? Of course. And she'll pass it onto Lawrence. Do you wish these bulletins to continue in the event of your capture? Some people prefer it that way so their families aren't kept on tenterhooks. Others want them simply to be informed that they're missing. Only tell them if you have definite news that I'm dead. Make a will? Me? We advise all our agents to do so. Merely as a precaution. Well, maybe the rest have got something to leave. I've got Sweet Fanny Adams. Anyway, I've got no intention of getting bumped off. That's up to you, of course. Is there anything you'd like me to do for you while you're away? It's mom's birthday next month. I've wrapped her a present. Give me the details. I'll see she gets it. Oh, and I want my pay to go straight to granddad. Should just about keep him in Woodbines. If we paid more, we might attract the wrong type. And that's about it. Soon as we get the go ahead from the RAF. Meantime, I suggest you all try to relax. - Relax? - And take it easy. Spend some time with your families. You mean, we're allowed to go home? Of course. Faith will notify you as soon as we're ready for standby. That will be the day before departure. We'll be spending the last night up here, will we? Yes. Accommodation will be provided. Now, before you leave, we have something for you. A small gift from all of us at HQ. Thank you. Just to say thank you and wish you all the best. [music playing] CELESTE: Mother. Hello. I caught the early train. Isn't that Dr. Rollins' car? - Yes. - Vicky? Whooping cough. No, Grandad, that's private property. What is it? Never you mind. You give it here. Can't understand it anyway. All in code or bleeding French. That's it, isn't it? That's what it's all about. You're going back there. Honestly, Grandad. You joined the de Gaulle's lot? I'm British in case you've forgotten. Or something like that. Don't be so sure. Look, I wasn't born yesterday. I'm right, aren't I? You're going back to France. What if I am? You'll go over my dead body. You don't understand. I understand, all right. And if you think I'm letting them force you back there-- No one forced me. I want to go. Didn't you have enough trouble getting out? Look at your mother. I am looking at her. Then look a bit harder. If anything happens to you, what's she got left, hey? Nothing. No one. She's got you. I could be buried in the next day already. And dad will be back. Who says he will? It's a bloodbath out there. Look, grandad. All my life I've messed around changing jobs, boyfriends, never settling at nothing. Now, it's as if everything I've ever done was meant for a purpose. This. Don't try and stop me. It's all right, darling. It's all right. You're going to be all right. You want to come in here? That's it. Yes. Yes, I see. Fine. Yes. Yes, I will. Thanks. Right. We are away. Yes, of course. Fine. Thank you. Goodbye. I have to go back to London, mother. When? At once. I'll catch the afternoon train. Did you tell them Vicky was ill? No. I know you wouldn't be leaving her unless it was something important. Official Secrets Act, I suppose. Yes. I hope you've told Lawrence more than you've told me. How could I by letter? What's happened to your wedding ring? It was too tight. I'm having it altered. I don't know when I'll be back. As I say, I'll be in Scotland. They'll keep you informed. You remind me of your father. All those years. Half the time, I didn't know what he was actually doing. It's nothing dangerous, is it? Well, you know they don't allow women to do anything dangerous. Geneva Convention. VICKY: Mommie. Mommie. I'll go and tell her. I said goodbye to her. I told her I'm going to Scotland. I don't know if she took it in. I told the neighbors the same. Mrs. Pubmoor is looking in, and I've talked to Dr. Crask. I'll send you a note from time to time, tell you I'm keeping. And in an emergency, you telephone this number. They'll put you through with someone in the know. You got wax in your ears? Why don't you leave this sort of work to the lads, Matty? Because I can do it just as well. Will you be leaving tonight? Tomorrow. Spending tonight in a hotel. You take care of her, granddad. And to yourself. Mind you bloody well come back. I'm not being stuck with her forever. Send priority message at once. I cannot decipher the prefix to message and do not know to whom it should be delivered. I am forced to stop transmitting due to imminent danger. I am Celeste [inaudible]. I was born in [inaudible] in June, 1914. I was educated in Lausanne. It was there I met Claudine De Valois. I met my husband [inaudible] when I was studying at the Sorbonne. Married him in 1934. I have no children. [speaking french] When you see such good movie camera country as this, you might well guess California. But it's New York. A beauty contest in wartime, too. Isn't it awful. Thank goodness they are keeping up the standard. We will want to celebrate when peace comes. As for the fashion girls, they are equally patriotic. Apparently, tin hats were the rage. Now, they ought to be handed out with the salvage men. In future, utility hats for them. So all we get is a utility smile. [music playing] Sorry. Sorry? I used you. Well, feel free any time. There won't be another time. Why tonight? I just need to unwind or something. If you were a bloke, I'd say you're going on service. Here are your papers. They're all in order. Thank you. I've taken out the food coupons after this week. No give aways? You'll do. You're next, Aimee. I'm giving you 50,000 francs to tide you over until you make contact with Gregoire. It looks a bit clean. Well, I'll try and dirty it up a bit on the plane. I think we better remove this, don't you? Oh, no, I went to the flicks last night. Don't worry, you won't be the first, eh? One chap had a crack at a senior service as well as a 10 bob note. Identity card, ration card, clothing coupons. Thank you. Is that wise? It could be a niece or godchild. May I ask you something? It's just that Vicky had whooping cough before I left. I swear I've had it. I'm sure that it will run its usual course, but-- I'll get in touch with your mother. I'll try and send a message through via Aimee. Well, you all look very shipshape. One last thing. Not a task I enjoy. Cyanide. I hope you never have to use them. Keep them with you just in case. They work in just a few seconds. Do we have to take them with us? I can't force you. I'd rather not. I won't let you down. I know you won't. [music playing] Here we go then. Now. - Cyrano? - Yes. Are you Gregoire? - Wrong. Maurice. We work with your lot. Come on. Quick. [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 