Wish Me Luck: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wish Me Luck 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wish Me Luck (1987–1990): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 Now working in London with Cad and Faith,Liz has to inform Vivien Ashton that her husband was one of several spies shot by the Germans. Vivien,who has worked in France as a wine importer and was an actress,offers her services as an agent,as does young WAAF wireless operator Emily Whitbread,and both prove resourceful in training. Along with Colin,who has been training as a group leader they will be sent to Southern France,where Emily will pose as the relative of widow Marie Ferrier,whose son is in the Maquis. Kit returns to England,to be met by Liz,though their conversation is awkward. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [chime] [music playing] Execution, Commander. [intense music] [non-english speech] [non-english speech] [suspenseful music] [non-english speech] [gunfire] [intense music] Take a good look. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is what happens to terrorists and criminals. [intense music] [bell ringing] They've shot them. Bastards. I wonder they didn't round up half the town with them. Two of them are not much older than Luc. I said they were taking too many risks. Crazy English. It's for us they were taking them, Father. We must get word to, Louie. Luke could go. Luc. [intense music] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [chicken squawking] [intense music] Louie. It's important we get in touch with Eric. [music playing] [typing] [music playing] Morning Faith. Morning. I've got those false messages for you. Want to hear the latest gems from the of Volfer Penn? Ah, sorry, Ned, not now. All three of them. Three of our best men too. Christ. It was the whole section. How did they get onto them? No one seems to know. Bad security, I suppose. Some bloody Frenchman talking too much. Well, the families will need to be told. I'm afraid I shall have to leave it to you, Liz. I'm seeing recruits all day. There had to be a first time. There will only be two lots to contact. Bob Mattingly didn't want his mother told. She's very ill. So we get the good news notes going? For the moment. And the others? Donald Cooper's parents live in Scotland. You'll have to send them a telegram. - And what about John Ashton? - There's a wife. Richmond? I better go and see her. What do we tell them? The minimum, that their husband or son was killed in action. But since he was engaged in special duties, we can divulge no details. But there may be particular requests. If so, they'll be on file. How many times have you have to do this? Too many. It doesn't get any easier. And now, we start looking for the next lot. Hm. They seem to get younger all the time. [church bells ringing] This must be it. I'll wait for you in the park. You don't have to, Miles. I didn't have to take my leave this week either. How long will you be? I don't know. It could be less than five minutes. I hope so. Oh, that's nice. Well, you don't think I want you going out there, do you? [traffic noise] [birds chirping] [door buzzer] Mrs. Ashton? That's right. My name's Elizabeth Grainger. I'm attached to the War Office. I work for the same organization that your husband did. So it really does exist. I was beginning to wonder. [birds chirping] Did. [birds chirping] You better come in. I see you're a Girl Guide. Yes, patrol leader so I'm used to trailing and tracking and all that. You joined the WAF straight from school? Yes, I'm trained as a wireless telegraphist, musical. I've got a good ear. But how did you hear about our work? Well, on the grapevine really. There was a rumor that agents were being sent to France, women as well as men. The my CO called me in one day. She said that people like me were desperately needed for special duties. She's very cagey but I guessed what she meant. I said I would do whatever I could. Then I got your letter. Why do you want to go out there? I don't know. I thought I might be useful. Is that the only reason? Isn't it enough, I mean, just wanting to help win the war? We do badly need good wireless operators, it's true. But being a good operator isn't the only requirement. I do speak French. How well? I got a distinction in matric. And I won the school prize for languages, two years running. Have you been to France? Oh, yes, Paris. How long were you there for? Well Well, only six weeks. But my French teacher was a Parisian so I've had plenty of conversation practice. All right. Let's talk in French for a bit. [non-english speech] VIVIEN ASHTON: Poor old Johnny. How did he cop it? Well, I'm afraid I can't tell you that. You see the nature of the work we do demands absolute-- Oh, yes, I forgot. Of course, hush, bloody, hush. Well, for what it's worth, your husband was a very brave man. Nobody could have served his country better. For Christ's sake, spare me the cliches. Well, in this particular case, it's true. Is there anybody I can contact for you at all? You've no children, have you? No, ah, no family at all. Johnny's parents are dead as well as mine, thank God. That must be the worst thing of all seeing your child die before you. Yes. Presumably he'll be buried wherever it happened? Well, after the war it may well be possible for his remains to be recovered. You make him sound like a stray parcel. I'm terribly sorry. Johnny wouldn't give a damn one way or the other. He did make a will before he left and lodged it with your solicitors, Wilcox and Bull. Cock and Bull, Johnny used to call them. I'll go and see them. I do know how you must be feeling. Oh yes? Well, yes, my brother was shot down over Germany. Boy, I wouldn't have your job. Is this what you do all day, traipse around breaking the news to people? Well, actually it's my first time, which is why I'm afraid I'm making such a damn awful job of it. I don't know about you, but I could do with another snifter. [non-english speech] Yes, well, your French is quite good. Thank you. But I'm sorry. I'm afraid you'd never get away with it over there. You have a pronounced English accent. Isn't that part of our training to brush up on our accents? Yours needs more than brushing up, I'm afraid. I could do it with practice. I have a good ear. Emily, out there, you'd have to pass as a native, not just with the German's. You might get away with it with them, but with the French people themselves. Not all of them would be on your side, you know. I could do it, I know I could, if you gave me a chance. What about commitments? How do you mean? Are your parents alive? Oh, yes, my father is a doctor in Kent. And do you have a fiance or boyfriend? I have a boyfriend. He's in the RAF, too. But we're not engaged. And how would you feel about leaving him? Men are leaving their girlfriends all the time. He'd just have to lump it. - I see you're a Catholic. - Yes. FAITH ASHLEY: Practicing? Yes. But I'm not about to take Holy Orders or anything. You do realize if you were selected, you might have to lie to your parents? Yes, but they probably won't ask me very much. I have two brothers and four sisters. And now they've got evacuees too. They tend to lose track. Probably won't notice I'm gone. [music playing] So if you want anything at all, please ring that number, and they'll know how to reach me. Thanks. [music playing] [kissing sound] How did it go? [sighing] Well, she didn't turn me down there and then. I'll know by the end of the week. Should we go and have tea somewhere? I've got a better idea. We can go to my brother's flat. He's away, didn't I tell you? [radio voices] Lawrence? Hello darling. Oh, you beat me to it. I've started the supper. It was the stew, I take it. Yes, it was. So how was your day? Oh, mostly paperwork for the court martial. Yours? More talks to trainees? I had to tell a woman that her husband had been killed. One of your agents? Yes. Although she doesn't know that, of course. That could have been me. What? Well, that Ashley woman coming to tell me that you had been killed. God, when I think back. My wife playing spies behind enemy lines. You must have been mad. [intense music] [typing] [phone rings] Oh, Faith, I'm so sorry I'm so late getting back. That's all right. I'd just about given you up as a matter of fact. No, I really am sorry. It's just that I promised to meet Julian. How is he? Still the rosy cheeked schoolboy I used to know? Goodness me, no. He's a man now, well, almost. Desperate to do his bit, which is why our chat went on for so long. Joining up? Oh, but Cad, he's so young. I know. Anyhow, how are we doing on recruits? Well, I'm recommending six to be sent on the next course. That's one I'm not sure about. And who's that? Emily Whitbread, the young WAF telegraphist. What's she like? Very young, very determined. Of course, the fact she's already an experienced operator is a terrific bonus. Well, what are your reservations? Her French will need a lot of work. Well, see she gets it. You know how desperate we are the wireless operators. Oh, no, Miles, please, you promised. I know. But you can hardly-- I said we shouldn't come back here. You want it too, don't you? Yes, but-- I'd be careful. It's not just that. It's just I'd rather-- Wait until you're married. I know it sounds-- But you won't even get engaged. Come on, Em. You could be off on some damn course in a week or two. Then God knows when we'd see each other again. I'm sorry. I wouldn't lose respect for you. I might for myself. Yes, I'll need to see them all urgently. [knocking] Can you arrange an appointment at Park Grove Mansions? Yes. Those false messages you wanted for the BBC-- Afternoon preferably. --to be sent out at weekly intervals. Thanks. Thank you. [phone rings] Takes me back. Could you tell which were the phony ones? Sometimes. Kit was better at it than I was. Any news of your brother in arms over the water? If you mean are they bringing him back, no. How long's the poor sod been out there? Over Every year. Wonder he hasn't cracked up. He's never asked to come back. Perhaps he's got a bit of French crackling hidden away. Oh, for heaven sake. It strikes me the only way they get themselves replaced these days is by being shot. Why must he always be so damn flippant? Cad is looking for a replacement for Kit, you know, Liz. [phone rings] Yes? Who is it? And what does she want, do you know? All right, you'd better put her through. Special line for you, Vivian Ashton. Thanks for coming. No, I told you, if there's anything at all that I can do to help. There is. I want you to fix for me to see the big white chief, Colonel James Cadogan, head of the French section of the outfit, or should I say, Organization For the Infiltration of Occupied Territories? There, that took you by surprise, didn't it? [birds chirping] How on earth did you find out? I went to see Cock and Bull. There was the will, of course, and a letter from Johnny. Telling lies went against the grain. Oh, I see. And why do you wish to see Colonel Cadogan? I think that's my business, don't you? [birds chirping] [music playing] [flute and horn music] [door buzzer] [music playing] Mrs. Ashton. Colonel Cadogan, I presume. How do you do? Do come in. Thank you. Let me take your coat. Thank you. Why aren't you in uniform? Oh, I only wear it on official business, otherwise I prefer to-- Remain anonymous. And comfortable. I suppose you're wondering why I'm not in mourning. Johnny hated that sort of thing. I'm so sorry about John. I regarded him as a friend as well as a valued agent. I knew him before the war. Yes, I know. We used to supply you with wine, didn't we? Is that how you came to recruit him? With his knowledge of France, he was an obvious candidate. We met there. He was just starting out in the wine business. And I was an actress, cabaret and doing a season in gay Paris. Whiskey? Oh, yes, thank you. I see your interest in the theater remains. I like the Piero. Good. I painted it. Oh. It's one of the things I dabble in. It's lovely. Good. Do sit down. Thank you. No thank you. I gather you've done some work for the NEFI? If you can call it that, keeping the big wigs supplied in booze. I go around the big estates buying up their cellars on the cheap. But, I'm on the lookout for more challenging work. Anything in mind? Hm. [music playing] You can ply me with Pol Roger for the rest of the evening. My answer will be the same. Perhaps you underestimate the persuasive powers of the vintage. I'm sorry Mrs. Ashton. Oh, Vivien for heaven's sake. And I shall call you Cad. All right, Vivien. But I'm afraid it's still out of the question. Why? Is it my age? I know I'm no chicken. But Johnny was five years older. Oh, age is not necessarily a bar. Because I'm a woman then? Well, let me tell you, I have-- We have several women on our files. Mrs. Grainger, who came to see you, was working in the field until recently. Never. She didn't strike me as the type. That's why she made such a good agent. So if it's not my age or my sex, what have you got against me? Well, apart from anything else, it's less than a week since you heard about John. You haven't had time. I don't any time. Yes, you do. You're in a state of shock. It's far too soon. Oh, all right, I'm cut up about Johnny. Well, for heaven sake, we were married for 15 years. But this isn't some sort of hysterical reaction. I'm not the hysterical type. Look, Vivien, an agent needs all sorts of skills and abilities. Johnny was good enough for you. Yes. So what assets did he have that I haven't got, or would have the training? I speak French as well as he did, better. I dealt with the vineyard owners. Did you? VIVIEN ASHTON: I have all his know how and more. I may not be Sarah Bernhardt, but I can pass myself off as most things. JAMES CADOGAN: I'm sure you could. And what about my drawing, sketches of buildings and whatever, wouldn't that be useful? I tell you straight, Cad, you'd be mad to turn me down. [music playing] - Going to the Manor? - Yes. Hop in. Thanks awfully. It's a trek from the station. Do you work there or are you going on the training course? Ah, what course would that be? Oh, I can see you are going to make a bumper agent. Sorry. I thought you might be testing me. Righto. Let's start as we mean to go on. I'm Solange. Who are you? I'm Zoe. [soft music] Have you heard from Vicky lately? Yes. We had a letter yesterday. It's full of school food and gas mask practice and somebody called Primrose Weatherby. It's jolly good handwriting. Yes, the spelling leaves a bit to be desired. This time last year, little did I think that she'd be dug in at boarding school and I'd be-- well, what am I, an ex secret agent. You miss it, don't you? Oh, it's ridiculous. I know half the time I was scared out of my wits. But, yes, when Mattie went back into the field, I envied her. How is my old friend anyway? Oh, she's-- she's fine. Leading the Germans a merry dance, I shouldn't wonder. There's the work you're doing now is essential, too, you know. Yes, yes, I know. I know. But it's-- it's not that big out there. You'll settle down. Will I? Well, perhaps you could tell me how. And that's one thing that the outfit doesn't teach us. You train us. You change us. You send us out there. And then you bring us back and expect us to pick up our lives as if nothing had happened. VIVIEN ASHTON: How did that tune go again? Which tune? You know, the one-- the one the French resistance used instead of a password. Oh. (SINGING) Da, da, da, da, da, dah-- That's it. [humming together] [horn music] Oh. [music playing] You're inside the in outside court. Now, you need to get into the main building. And as it happens, the door is locked. So you'll have to pick it, won't you? Now, that's where you girls have the advantage. Give us an 'airpin. Take your time, won't ya? I don't think I will ever make a cat burglar. Oh, you know when I've finished with ya. [horn music] And I bet he didn't learn that inside test. [music playing] [gunfire] [music playing] [non-english speech] What did I say? That your boyfriend you make love to the potatoes. Oh. [horn music] Now, most of you would have spent some time in France before the war, probably staying with family or friends where the sanitary arrangements were rather less primitive than those you'll encounter now. Forget about baths. And in the country areas, you'll be lucky if you can find an outside lavatory, let alone an indoor one. So, just crouch down whenever you're taking short and hope there's not an SS man creeping up behind you. It's no joking matter. Any more questions? I'm looking forward to that initiative test tomorrow. Wonder what we have to do? Cross a pool of sulfuric acid. Moses. Oh, it's nothing to it. You make stepping across. You'll find some blocks of wood in the undergrowth. How do you know? I eavesdropped on a couple of guys who did it yesterday. But that's cheating. Yes. OK, Pierre, your turn for the couch. What's he like? Like all psychiatrists, mad as a hatter. Hey, don't forget to tell him your erotic sheik fantasy. What do you have to do? Well, first, you look at a lot of blots. And he asks you what you see. And what do you see? Blots. But you don't say that, you say, Churchill, and spiders, and sweet pud. And he asks you a lot of damn fool questions about your parents. My God, if I told him the truth, he'd have had a field day. And you be careful what answers you give, Zoe. Tell him you're one of seven children. He'll say you're only doing this from a subconscious desire to be noticed. Perhaps I am. Well, so belly what? It doesn't matter why we go, as long as we do. We all have our reasons. Looks as if we'll to turn him down then. Can't have an agent who talks in his sleep. Pity. Who's next? Zoe, Emily Whitbread. Now her report's very good, only scraped by with the shooting. But she passed everything else respectably, stamina, determination, very good radio technique. You were worried about her French. Yes. Well, she's worked like a Trojan. There's still the trace of an English accent. Perhaps if we give her a colonial background. That covers a multitude of sins. I'll leave that with you, then? Radio operator. Next? Peter Slade, Antoine, now Major Duncan recommends we send him on the leader's course. - Oh, good. That's just what I hoped. I've got him penciled in to replace Kit Vanston. Who else? Liz? I'm sorry, Solange, Vivien Ashton. Ah, yes. Now she appears to have broken every rule in the book and led, or rather thinks that she led our psychiatrist a merry dance, too. Both he and Major Duncan rate her highly. They say she's resourceful, strongly motivated. She has a photographic memory. But you don't like her? She's all right. Anyway, that's not important. It's odd she didn't find herself some worthwhile work before, something more edifying than keeping the officers in wine. And siphoning off cases for herself. Well, she probably needed a trigger, like I did. Well, the main thing is she's keen to go. She knows the area well, got lots of good contacts. That's a considerable bonus. I think we should take her. [phone rings] Perhaps you could find out if she and Zoe would work as a team. LIZ GRAINGER: Now, before you leave us, we setting you just one final test to ah see how you operate in the field as teams, which could obviously have a significant bearing on your futures. Ah, Solange and Zoe, Yes, nice little task of you. I want you to steal a car. It's chauffeur driven. Belongs to the Chief Constable at the county. Have it it back here by dark. [music playing] All right, there's the chauffeur. Can't say he's [inaudible] at all. Off you go. No time to lose. Make up to him. Find out when he'll be driving his boss to work. Wouldn't you be better at that? Oh, he mustn't see me. My star performance comes later. But what shall I say to him? I don't know, just flash those big baby blue eyes at him. [birds chirping] Excuse me. CHAUFFEUR: Hello. I'm sorry to trouble you. But I wonder if you could help me? What are Cad's plans for Kit when he comes back? A good long leave at first, I imagine. He's going to find it incredibly difficult to acclimatize after this long. He's got more than just coming home to get used to. [geese honking] It'll be a home without his wife and children. Hm. Is there any news on the new leader for area seven? No, not yet. Cad's waiting on reports from Zoe and Solonge. [suspenseful music] [horn music] [theme music] [knocking] Come in. Colin, good to see you. Hello Cad. How do you find the leader's course? Well, France was a walkover compared to it. Then you won't mind if we send you back there pretty soon. No, no, the sooner the better. I never did enjoy waiting in the wings. Now um, which area were you thinking of? Seven, well away from your previous stamping ground. You'll be centered here in Montoire. It's become one of our vital areas since they occupied Vichy, France. The previous team did quite a bit of ground work. But since they were caught, we've only just managed to keep communications going. I see. What's resistance like there? Very fragmented, various local groups, communists, free French, whatever that means. Oh, and there's a group of the Maquis hiding up here towards the Pyrenees. So my job will be to coordinate them. Coordinate them, train them, knock them into shape. Ah, you may have guessed, the Allies are planning to invade France in the not too distant future. A lot will depend on the backup we can give them from within. Well, I'll do my best. And of course, we'll find you a watertight cover story to account for your exemption from forced labor. Who else will be on my team? Well, I'm hoping to move a sabotage shadow chateau from area six, Gaspar. He's one of our best. You'll meet up with him out there. The other two are women. Um Mattie? No, no. She's busy elsewhere now. But they're a good pair. You'll meet them when they finish their training, provided they get through, that is. [horn music] [cheering and clapping] We Tell them we need two planes urgently, one to send a team into the southeast, the other to drop an agent into Normandy together with some arm supplies. No, we'll need to land, because we're picking someone up, too. I-- I know all that, Reg, but this is top priority. Oh, would you be an angel? I'm sure you can wangle it. Oh, thanks. Stupid old buffer. How do they expect us to step things up without any aircraft? Just shows where we are on on their list of priorities. How are Colin's team making out on the parachute course? Better than expected. Evidently Zoe's a natural. Just as well since we're having to rush them through. They're going to be ready for the next full moon? Should be. Can I leave safe house arrangements to you? Right, I'll get the message out tonight. [intense horn music] You know where to contact me. Closing early, aren't you, my dear? Oh, hello, Annette. Well, things are so quiet, it's not worth staying open. You had one customer anyway. He's in quite a bit, isn't he? Good thing someone is. I'll be seeing ya. [birds chirping] Joseph? Yes. What did he want? The British are sending another team. He wants us to house the wireless operator. What did you say? I said I'd have to discuss it with you. Too risky. Well, think what they're risking. It's one thing passing on messages and doing the odd repair job. But to have a pianist under our roof, it's asking for trouble. There'll be detector vans round any moment. He won't be transmitting from here. It's just the basic things. But why us? There are other people with more room. Well, they know they can trust us. Us perhaps. But there are others in the town. We'd be noticed. Joseph says the Allies are hoping to mount an invasion before the end of the year. They'll need all the help we can give them. Oh, don't you want to be free of the Bolsh, Father? God in heaven, you say that to me. Do you think I wouldn't shoot every last one of them if I had the chance? He could sleep in the store room. It's Luc I'm thinking of. You've already lost your husband. Do you want to lose your son? A stranger coming here, he'd only draw attention. They'd be bound to check our papers as well as his. And they'd be bound to notice that Luc is coming up for 20. Next thing, they'd be dragging him off to some godforsaken camp in Germany, like Simone's boy. It's all right, Granddad. You needn't worry about me. I shant be here. Look, I was going to tell you later. I've decided to join the Maquis. [birds chirping] (GROUP SINGING) You press your feet and knees. You tuck your elbows in. You put your head right down 'till you got a dollar chin. You do the hokey pokey and you parachute in. That's what it's all about. Follow-- They're like a lot of children. At least they're doing it here. Remember that crowd that took weekend leave and ended up doing parachute rolls on the dance floor at the Astor? You're worried about free French security. Hey. Come on, there you-- [side conversations] Happy landings. Break a leg. Did you do any musicals when you were acting? Who said I was an actor? Ah, I dug out my old theater programs. I saw you in "Candida." - Fame at last. You were good. Ha, I knew we'd get on well. Who else have sorted out? Mm, most of them. Quite a hotchpotch. Arie's a minor. Antoine's a garage mechanic. COLIN BEALE: Really VIVIEN ASHTON: Paul's a film stuntman. Yvonne's a dress designer. And ah Zoe is a nice little Girl Guide who is far too naive to be going on this caper. They don't seem to think so. They only see when they want to see. And they need good wireless operators. And what do you see? Ah, myself at her age. Come on, let's have a sing song. Zoe, come on, give us Glory, glory. [piano music] GROUP (SINGING): He jumped without a parachute from 50,000 feet. He jumped without a parachute from 50,000 feet. He jumped without a parachute-- They're in good spirits. That's the thing. I always think it's a kind of safety valve against what lies ahead. What? France? Or a concentration camp. GROUP (SINGING): What a hell of a way to die. Glory, glory what a hell of a way to die. And he ain't gonna jump no more. [soft music] I even feel like a different person. Good. Because that's exactly what you're going to have to become. Now, that label's got to come out. Did it change you much? Yes, I think so. Now, let's see what they've got in the way of shoes. But how? Ah, try those. How did it change you? I suppose I grew up. Liz, can I ask you something? Of course. Some of the men kept on about women agents making up to the Germans. Well, it can help to flirt a bit. It got me out of a couple of tricky situations. But now more than flirting, I mean-- Well, it would depend. It might be necessary to go further. You mean to sleep with one? Yes in certain circumstances. [soft music] [chickens clucking] Well, I shant be needing that. He can have it. It's not a man. It's a girl. They've sent the details through. It's a pity I'm going. I've always fancied English girls. What's her name? Get away with you. You've never met one. She's called Zoe. You will try and get word through to us, won't you? Don't worry. I'll make contact as soon as it's safe. Goodbye son. Goodbye mom. Take care. [soft music] Now, is there anyone you'd like me to write to while you're away? Those comforting little chits I used to get about Johnny? Just to let me know, your husband is safe and well. Well, it can help. It certainly comforted my daughter while I was away. You can drop the odd line to my old manager if you like. He's the only one that's close. I didn't know you had a child. Mm. How old? Ah, 5. Is that why you chucked it in? I didn't chuck it in. I was recalled. Why, if you're such a damn good agent? Ah, Cad and Kit, my leader, decided between them. With a child, it must have been difficult. Yes, of course, but I'd already faced up to that. Anyway, then my husband put his foot down, or tried to. Men making all the decisions. I thought the war had finished that. [birds chirping] [whistling] [soft music] [knocking] Hello, Em. You got my message then? Yes. I just came to say goodbye. I'll be off any day now. We're on standby. And ah, there's something else. What's that? Do you still want to-- [soft music] [phone rings] [typing] [knocking] Come. Cad, I've just heard. It's on for tonight. - Oh, right. Everyone standing by? - Everything's in hand. What about the local resistance? Can they give us a diversion while-- [phone rings] Oh, damn, do that for me, will you? I'm tied up. Hello, Colonel Cadogan's office. I'm sorry. He's busy at present. Who? Of course, right away. The prime minister's office. [soft music] Yes, sir. Leave it with us. And thank you again for your confidence. Goodbye, sir. I'm sure you got the gist of that. He's given us official responsibility for coordinating all resistance work. At last. Yes. Perhaps now, people will start taking us seriously. [heavy trucks running] It means Cad will be spending much more time in Whitehall and so on. And I'll be taking over some of the work at HQ. He's already got meetings lined up every night this week. Well, if he's not going to be able to Colin in CO-OF, perhaps I could-- No, no, I can do that. But Kit's also do in at Tangmere tonight. So can you meet him? [music playing] It's me. We're off tonight. They just confirmed it. No. It's all right. No one knows anything. Yes, I will. Wish me luck. [soft music] Sorry Johnny. Well, I'm off now. A uniform. Didn't realize it was official. Yes, I'm meeting someone off a plane. I won't ask who or where. I won't be back till the early hours. I'll sleep in the spare room. Don't I get a kiss? We must get a break together sometime. LIZ GRAINGER: I'll see you tomorrow, then. [suspenseful music] Well, I never thought I'd see another roast like that. They don't' believe in sending us out on empty stomachs, do they? Well, we like to give you a meal to remember. What happens if the flight's cancelled? FAITH ASHLEY: You will go home and wait to be called another night. EMILY WHITBREAD: I couldn't bear that. Oh, I don't know. If they give us a meal like this every time, I think I'll pray for fog. How much longer? We should get the OK in about an hour. I don't think I can manage anymore. [soft music] Kit? [music playing] Liz. [intense music] Welcome home. I take it you're the official reception committee. Well, obviously Cad would have come himself. But he couldn't get away. So how was the flight? Fine, a few problems, but-- Well, there's a car waiting. [plane engines shutting down] Well, you can take it easy now, Kit. Everything's under control. I'm taking you to the hostel, to the Wilberforce. And you'll be staying there for the time being. And then tomorrow we can-- Liz. Your beginning to sound like Faith Ashley. Yes, I know. Well, anyway, they'll ask you a few questions on arrival. And then you can take it easy till the afternoon. You're part of the HQ setup now, are you? Yes, I'm also doing quite a bit of training at the Manor. Where are you living? Still in our Knightsbridge flat. And Lawrence? Is he still at the war office? Oh, he's doing quite a bit of lecturing at the moment. Should we cut the small talk, Kit? You're looking dreadful. Yes. How's Vicky? She's fine. It was bad, wasn't it? AGENT: Faith? They're ready. It's time to go. [car engine running] Kit? Kit? We're here. So, you'll be picked up at 2 o'clock and taken to Park Grove Mansions, OK? Does Cad still hold meetings in the famous bathroom? On occasions. Nothing changes. Well. Well. Well, I'll probably see you in the office. I'm dealing with most of the personnel matters now. Is that what I've become, a personal matter? Well, no, well-- I st-- Um, I'm sorry. Would you like a hand with your bags? No, I'm fine. Thank you. Well, have a good rest. Yes. [soft music] [door buzzer] [suspenseful music] Ahem. [suspenseful music] [plane engines] [music playing] [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 