Ja'mie: Private School Girl: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ja'mie: Private School Girl 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ja'mie: Private School Girl (2013): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 JA'MIE: After my period of depression, I came back to school with a whole new image. GIRL: Oh, my God, Ja'mie! You look incredible. Then I found out the shocking news that my sister had leaked a private video of me and Kwami. Your breasts are exposed, the young man's genitals are out. Dad kicked Kwami out of the house. Seriously, I'm legit devs about it. I want to stay with you, in your room, in your bed. And then Kwami confessed that he was in love with me. It was seriously awks. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I love you so fucking much. - Cool. Boys! Muck-Up Day was the most fun day of my whole entire life. Hey, check your phone! Mitchell sent me a dick pic to prove he wanted me back. Yeah, that's his dick. And me and Madison finally became friends again. If I died right now, loving you would be the best thing that's ever happened to me. But the day ended really badly. It's really good news, isn't it, Ja'mie? I found out that Erin is winning the Hillford Medal and performing her dance solo at Presentation Day. What I'm accusing you of is awarding the Hillford Medal to a dumb fat lesbian. And I've literally never been more pissed off in my whole entire life. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I can't put this behind me. ( theme music playing ) ♪ ♪ ( flute plays ) Season 1 "Episode 6" Synced by Stubbie & Reef www.addic7ed.com ♪ Hey there ♪ Pretty brown eyes ♪ What you doing ♪ Later tonight ♪ Mind if I ♪ Spend time with you ♪ You ♪ And I say ♪ Hey there ♪ Pretty brown eyes ♪ What you doing ♪ Later tonight ♪ Mind if I ♪ Spend time with you ♪ You. ♪ We're leaving in three quarters of an hour, everyone. Courtney, are you showered yet? Hurry up, please. COURTNEY: If you come into this bathroom, I'm gonna kill the hell out of your face, I'm serious! JA'MIE: I'm gonna do more make-up. I've done basics for now. But you can only do so much 'cause it's still school rules and stuff. - It actually looks really quiche, bebs. - I know. - Are you nervous? - It's kind of... Um... Not really 'cause, like, I'm really prepared. - Yeah, cool. - So where are you gonna be sitting? Probs with Eddy or whatever other fags are there. I think he's there for his sister and stuff. Get a spot sort of in the middle. Like it doesn't matter how far back, but get in the middle because that's where it's gonna... Everyone's gonna see it, it's gonna be so great. I know. (Sighs) Have you heard from the African yet? No, I haven't. I really miss him. He's so cute. Seriously, that's why I look at this photo sometimes, I'm, like, just get a phone. Are you sure you weren't into him a little bit? Shut up. Maybe a little bit. But it would never work out for obvs reasons. Yeah.... Yeah. (Mobile dings) Oh, my fucking God. - Who is it? - Have a guess. - Mitchell...? - Yep. It's a photo of him in his footy shorts with one of his balls out. Hot! Is there a message? Yeah. He says, 'You know you want me back'. (Chuckles) Seriously, get out of my life. - Delete. - Oh, my God, no! Send me the pic first. I'm over you. I'll send it to you. You're disgusting. (Chuckles) - I'm so over him. - Really? I just sent it. Like, fully? Like, fully over him? Fuck him. Gone. Get out of my life. - Sick of you. You love yourself. - He was quiche, though. - As if I wanna see his fucking balls. - Yeah. (Camera clicks) What's the weather like? Yes...? - Oh... - Jhyll. How long's this thing gonna go for? My plane leaves at three. Just a second, darling. Jamie? Gampy wants to Skype with you. He's on now. No fucking way! I don't want to talk to him. I'm just about to Skype Madison, I'm not doing it. - Jamie, do as you're told. - Fuck off! Jamie, talk to your grandfather, for God's sake! Fine! I'll talk to him. It's definitely been a hard few months supporting Jamie through her schooling. Quite stressful, actually. But Jamie will get her HSC and that's the main thing. Everything else will just blow over. So she's not the medallist or the best dancer, but, hey, that's life. I'm a winner in life, I'm a very successful businessman. But I have to remember that Jamie is half Jhyll's too. And Jhyll hasn't exactly done a lot with her life. So there's a little bit of that lack of drive in the genes too. Don't you think, darling? I want cuggle with Gampy. Jamie miss you. I miss you too, darling. It's hard to be so far away. I need to visit Australia, don't I? Pwease, Gampy. Pwease. Listen, darling, congratulations on your graduation. Have a wonderful speech night. I'm really proud. Thanks, Gampy. But I don't want you to go. You'll be alright, darling. Bye, Gampy. Bye-bye. Thank fuck that's over. Are you for real? I can't even deal with how fucked up that was. What? Why were you talking like a spastic child? I wasn't. He loves it. I was just being nice. And he's really rich and he'll be dead soon, so... Bebs, you're twisted. Anyway, I'd better go. Good luck with the plan. Seriously. BOTH: Mwah, mwah. - Love you so fucking much. - Good luck tonight. - See you at Presentation Day! - Love you so fucking much, bebs. Oh, my God. ♪ ♪ (Elevator dings) What are you doing? You look like a freak. Just daydreaming, darling. Why are you not ready? I'm putting my dress on at the last minute. I'm not risking creasing it. - Are you wearing makeup? - Maybe. Get it off! I'm still School Captain. You look like a fucking under-aged Russian prostitute. Darling, I just want to ask you something. Well, I'm busy, I don't want to deal with your shit right now. I've got so much on my mind. This is the biggest day of my life. - Please, just let me ask you something. - What?! Do you think it's strange your father is bringing Mandy to Presentation Day? No. He needs her for business trips. They're going away straight after. He'd be lost without her. That's what I thought. I just had a silly moment. Mum, you do realise Dad is an idiot? He's just really rich and that's why we need him. That's pretty much all guys are good for. - There's more to life than guys, Mum. - That's lovely, darling. Thank you. Are you disappointed you're not dancing or getting the medal today? - No, 'cause I've got a plan. - What do you mean? Um... you'll find out. No-one fucks with me and gets away with it. (Sighs) By the way, are you wearing that? 'Cause you look like a cancer patient. Good chats, Mum. ♪ You could be my matchstick ♪ Light me up ♪ If you love me in the way that I want it ♪ Play the part ♪ We, we're flying recklessly tonight ♪ Go on and take me higher ♪ You can be my firestarter ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh. ♪ I'm ready. MRS WELHAM: And it's a great pleasure to present to you a girl who represents all of the core values that we strive for here at Hillford, an achiever of excellence in all aspects of her education, a student who's shown compassion, upheld her Christian values and cared for those around her in the community - please welcome to the stage in our centenary year the winner of the Hillford Medal - Erin Walker. (Applause) Thanks. Thank you. Thank you, Mrs Welham, Archbishop Collins, distinguished guests, parents, students and teachers. In this centenary year, I have had many opportunities to fulfil so many of my dreams. Hillford have welcomed me with their open arms. Girls, we're ready. I wouldn't be here today without the support of everyone here at Hillford. I'm very honoured to be receiving the Hillford Medal today, to which I have to thank everyone who's helped me along the way. To all the girls in the cricket team, well done... (Erin continues speaking in the distance) Alright, gather in, girls. OK, listen up. I've got to do my captaincy handover speech and, Madison, that's when I want you to do it. OK? You've got the laptop. OK. I'm freaking out. - Are you guys freaking out? - GIRLS: Yes. ...enjoy it and thank you. (Applause) ♪ (BIC RUNGA - Listening For The Weather) ♪ So I'm listening for the weather ♪ To predict the coming day ♪ Leave all thought of expectation to the weatherman ♪ No, it doesn't really matter what it is he has to say... ♪ - That should be you, Ja'mie. - Tell me about it. ♪ All the people that I know in the apartments down below ♪ Busy with their starring roles in their own tragedy ♪ Sunlight sends you on your way ♪ And those restless thoughts that cling to yesterday... ♪ - It's just embarrassing for her. - It's fucked. I seriously feel like spewing watching her. Ja'mie, you're so much better. It's sad. (Applause) Alright. Gather in, girls. Hold hands. We have passed the point of no return, OK? - Are we all in this together? - Yeah. Remember the Prefect promise? That we stand united, no matter what. OK? Let's do this. - Say, 'Yes, Ja'mie.' - GIRLS: Yes, Ja'mie. Hands in the middle. ALL: Prefect promise! OK. (All exhale) Oh, my God. I love you guys so much. I really do. Like, I fucking, fucking love you. - Love you so much. - OK. (Applause) Representing Hillford as School Captain in this, our centenary year, has been incredible to say the least. But the time has come now for me to hand over my captaincy to next year's Hillford Girls Grammar School Captain, Amy Westlake. (Applause) Can you move? We're using my laptop for the choir. Miss Duffy told me to tell you. I'm in charge of projection for the whole night. Shut up, Lauren. Fucking move. Stop being a bitch. It is now time for me to perform my final duty as School Captain - I'd like to welcome to the stage the Junior and Senior Choirs to perform my very own composition, "Learning To Be Me". But before I do that, I have something to say. As you saw earlier, the Hillford Medal was awarded to Erin Walker - a grossly overweight lesbian boarder. While the most appropriate recipient, me, was snubbed, due to one fact alone - I chose to expose my breasts on Skype in front of the boy that I love... ...who happens to be a black African boy called Kwami. That's right, everyone. Because I chose to have an interracial relationship, the leaders of this school have decided to silence me. OK? How is that upholding Christian values? Where in the Bible does it say that you cannot love a boy of a different colour? OK? And as far as getting your tits out goes... Jamie, stop. Enough. ...Eve had her tits out in the Garden of Eden. See, I'm trying to get my word out and I'm getting silenced by this school administration... - Sit down. - ...who are racist. Quickly, get back there. I do apologise for that, ladies and gentlemen. Presentation Night can be a very nervous time for our Year 12 girls, I'm sure you'll understand. We'll get back to the program now. I'll now ask Mrs Duffy to lead the Junior and Senior Choirs in the performance of a beautiful original piece. Thank you, Mrs Duffy. (Piano music starts) ♪ As I look back on my education ♪ And all that I have learned ♪ Get a glimpse of my life destination ♪ And fly up like a bird ♪ The girl that's grown in many ways ♪ The things that I have learned ♪ Hillford sets my spirit free ♪ A woman I will be ♪ 'Cause I'm learning to be me ♪ Teach and you shall... ♪ This is the Hillford Medallist Honour Board. - Imagine me in this frame, guys. - Oh...! That in bronze will be fucking amazing. - WOMAN: Well done. - MAN: You did very well. It's really good news, isn't it, Ja'mie? I wouldn't be so sure if I was you, bitches. ♪ Learning to be me ♪ I'm learning to be me. ♪ This is the video that led me to be the victim of the politics of a racist school! You have the right, girls, guys, whoever you are, to love anyone no matter what colour their skin! And as far as getting your tits out, get your tits out, girls, whenever you like, no matter how big they are, get them out! Enough, enough, finish! Madison, what are you doing? Get back in there, quickly. Lauren, quickly, I need some help. We've got to get this off. ♪ Teach and you shall learn it ♪ Docendo Discimus ♪ Learning for a lifetime ♪ Docendo Discimus ♪ I'm learning to be me. ♪ (Scattered applause) ___ ♪ ♪ The few weeks after Presentation Day were completely insane. There was talk of me getting arrested for indecent exposure, but that didn't happen. The videos that people shot of me topless became YouTube sensations until Hillford had them taken down. I did end up getting expelled from Hillford. So no HSC. All of us girls did. But we knew we would. I'll probably check my Facebook, like, every day. GIRLS: Yeah. Some of the girls are going to repeat Year 12 next year at different schools. But not me. Oh, my God! I can't believe this is really happening. GIRLS: Don't... Stop! - Don't cry, Ja'mie. - Oh, my God. Dad cancelled my schoolies week trip to Bali, but I didn't even care. GIRL: You have the best time. 'Cause what happened this year has made me realise that there's more important things out there. I love you, Prefect promise. I love you guys so much. I finally realised what I need to do with my life. - Bye, Ja'mie. - Bye, guys! See you, guys! Love you. - Love you, bebs! - Have fun, babe! Love you guys! I love you so much. I fucking love you so much. ILY! Love you! GIRLS: Love you! (Crying) I decided to spend my gap year doing aid work in Africa, in Uganda, where Kwami and his people come from. Like I'd always planned. I want to get amongst the people who need me most, leave my mark in the world and finally do something genuinely compassionate for my fellow man. And you don't need your HSC or a private school education in Africa, just a generous spirit and a kind heart. But what I also learned this year is that there's something more powerful than anything in the world. More important than school, friends or helping Africans. And that's love. If you really love someone, nothing gets in the way. This year, I fell in love with a boy, and it changed my life. Kwami! Kwami! Come and help me to clean. (Girls squeal) I may be a simple private school girl, but I know one thing - when it comes to love, it's important you find someone of equal looks, class and colour. And once you find them, never let them go. Hi, I know this sort of seems like the ending. Well, it was, but in the life of a teenage girl, six months is a really long time. And a lot can happen. So I thought I'd give you an update. Basically, I've started at a new school this year. I'm doing my HSC again. And I'm at this incredible new school where you don't even have to wear uniforms. It's really alternative and stuff. One more, everyone in. My mum and dad really wanted me to go at another private school and they tried to book me in but I forced them to let me go to Blaxland. The cameras. (Chuckles) I mean, it's like a public school, but, like, everyone's here is really good-looking so you can't even tell. And, like, there's no Asians here, which is really good. I was so over the whole private school thing, do you know what I mean? It's such a fake world. I was just, like, sick of having to prove myself to, like, this outdated institution run by corrupt people. I'm all about expressing my true self, you know, like, being me. How good's the Greeky? And, like, here at Blaxland, I make my own rules, I can wear what I want, I can do what I want 24/7. I found this cockatoo feather, it's so random. - It's so pretty. - Yeah. And, guys, I'm thinking of doing, like, a feather art major thing. Like, I'm really expressive and creative here. Like, my new friends are really cool. They're such genuine, cool people. And, you know, there's a lot of love here. Oh, my God! (Chuckles) Oh, my God, sorry. Basically, I ended up dumping Mitchell. He just kind of... he kept sort of, like, grinding against me with this, like, full boner and stuff and like... I just wanted to gag every time I thought about his dick. He kept sending me a dick pic every day. I was, like... I couldn't even deal. So I dumped. - Mmm. - Good? Then the weirdest thing happened. So I have decided to go through my bisexual phase. So I'm gay at the moment, and I'm dating a girl. Her name's Astrid. And we're really in love. Yeah, she's amazing. Do, like, a tonguey. This is my girlfriend, Astrid. Say "Hi". As you can see, she's really quiche. Um, yeah. Show 'em the tattoo. This is a tattoo that I made her get. Oh, my God, it's so cute. It killed to get, she said, but... - You know, we're so in love. - It's love. Yeah, it was worth it. I love that you're wearing the ring that I got you. It's so great being in, like, a committed relaysh with Astrid. Like we're just so into each other. I just love feeling what I feel at the moment, do you know what I mean? I fucking love these. I'm so glad you're wearing all the stuff I got you. I know. But, like, it's not all roses. Like... Me and Astrid, we have, like, issues just like straight couples. Do you wanna get dumped, is that what you want? 'Cause I'll fucking dump you. OK, babes, I will go back to the cock at any fucking point. I can, alright? If that's what you want, I fucking will. - No, no. - I fucking hate you. Forget it. Don't even fucking text me for, like, two days. It's really cool being the hottest bi girl in the school, 'cause all the other girls are really into me for obvs reasons. We should totes go op shopping and stuff together. - Mm. - Hey, Ja'mie. - Hey! - Hi, Ja'mie! Hi, guys! All of the Prefects got into Blaxland as well. They're all going here, so it's really good. We're all back together again. Oh, my God, have you guys seen that new app? It turns your face into an Asian person. - Yeah! - It's so good. I know, I look so ugly as an Asian. I'm really disgusting. Ja'mie, I forgot to tell you, so apparently Erin's got a boyfriend and because she's, like, all Christian, she's gonna get married so they can have sex. That's disgusting! I fucking hate Christians. Imagine rooting that fucking fat bitch. - Seriously! - So gross. He would, like, suffocate on her flabby twat. (All scream) No, he would! One, two, three, four. Me and the girls, we've really matured a lot since Hillford. Like we're really different now. We've learned a lot. Um, can you stop staring at me, Asian guy? Seriously, are you right? - Ja'mie, I think he's, like, Eurasian. - He's kinda hot. - Oh, my God, he's actually quiche. - Yeah. Um, sorry, I didn't mean you. Sorry. Asian guy, sorry for calling you 'Asian'. You can watch if you want. - GIRLS: OK. - Let's do it again, he's watching. So it's five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four. And me personally, I've come a long way since Hillford. I'm sitting in the middle. Like, I just learned so much about life. Move! Astrid's sitting here. It's Astrid's seat. I fucking told you, I changed my mind. Sit here. I'll never forget Hillford Girls Grammar. Everyone, legs together on a slight angle here. It was my home, it was my everything. Can we get some other girls on either side of us, please? And you know what? No matter what happens, no matter who I become, and how I change over the years as I grow into a woman... Hold my hand. Actually, don't. ...deep down inside, I'll always be a private school girl. (Camera shutter snaps) Synced by Stubbie & Reef www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 