Charlie's Angels: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Charlie's Angels 
 s1e8 - They Are Not Saints - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Charlie's Angels (2011): Season 1, Episode 8 - They Are Not Saints - full transcript 
 While jet-skiing on a day off, the Angels come across an unconscious man who Eve revives through mouth-to-mouth resuscitation; however, when the man is revived, he has amnesia and attempts at his life are made while the Angels protect him and help him ascertain his true identity. Eve takes a liking to the man and Bosley's feelings for her become apparent. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Woo! # Control of disguise, as ever lies # # To work out the pain # Woo, no, no, don't! Woo! Whoa! # Nothing compared to this, little girl # # Girlfriend # Woo! # Girl, girl, girls, girl, girl # # Girls, look around you # 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 # Girlfriend # "Help! Help! We need help! Hey. Thank goodness you stopped. - What happened? Don't know. Must've washed up here. Come on, breathe, please. - I'm calling 911. - Okay. You guys see anything? - I don't know. - No. Yeah, we have an unconscious man at the beach. Breathe for me! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Quantum Sands, hurry. You're okay, you're okay, what's your name? Where am I? Miami Beach. What's going on? Just tell us your name. My name is... I don't know my name. I don't know. Once upon a time, there were three young women, who got into very big trouble. Now they work for me. My name is Charlie. Nurse Allen, you have a phone call on line one. - HEY- I brought some clothes, I hope they fit. Thanks, Bos. How do you guys think he ended up on that beach? Looks like he's taken a liking to you. Well, she did give him mouth to mouth. Come on. Is that what we're calling it? Excuse me. So your John Doe's been through a major trauma, that could account for his memory loss. Wait, are we talking about amnesia? The diagnostic term is dissociative amnesia. Well, is he okay? Well, there's no sign of head or internal injuries, so whatever's caused his memory loss is just all up here. Is it permanent? His memory could come back with therapy, medication and the support mechanism at home. We don't even know if he has a home. So what happens now? - He'll be released. - To who? He doesn't remember anything. Well, we'll call Social Services and Miami PD, but we just don't have the bed space to keep him here. You don't have to call Social Services, he can come with us. - I guess it's settled. - Okay. - Can I see him? - Sure. Forgive me, but I thought this was supposed to be your day off? I thought I was gonna get a day off, but your Angels always seem to attract trouble wherever they go. - It is not our fault, that Eve has a soft spot for strays. Excuse me, I heard that. Hugo is upstairs taking a shower. You said he had no name. He had a suit, like Hugo Boss. An amnesiac with good taste. Did he have anything on him, that might help you discover his identity? A key with 815 on it. Abby, sounds like your department. I have already sent a digital imprint over to Romana. Who's Romana? My key-maker. But I thought you were the master lock picker? Who do you think taught me? Romana is the Wikipedia of keys, if this thing opens anything in the Western Hemisphere, she'll find it. - In the meantime, I'm gonna run his prints through the usual databases. And I've got calls in to some of my friends in Missing Persons to see if there's an open case file, that fits Hugo's description. Sounds like you've got your marching orders without me. We'll keep you posted, Charlie. Just remember, sometimes strays bite. Be careful, Angels. You're good at this. EX-Cop? EX-thief. But now you're a private detective? Yeah, with three other ex-criminals for a man WE'VE HGVGF met. WOW! Thanks. Thanks for what? For making my amnesia seem like the normal part of this conversation. I don't need to meet my boss. Charlie gave me a second chance when the rest of the world had written me off. - That's why you didn't leave me lying on the beach? Thanks for saving my life. You're welcome. How are those prints coming along? Good. We're done. You must be exhausted. Why don't you go upstairs, rest up for a bit? Okay, I think I Will. - Hey, Bos. - Hey. - Prints? - Yes. No matches. Good, that proves he's not a bad guy. Or that he hasn't been caught and fingerprinted. Does he really look like a criminal mastermind to you? And what does a criminal mastermind look like? That's a good question. Okay, thanks. That was Missing Persons, no one's looking for Hugo, but I went through his police reports. Apparently a Cadillac CTS went off the MacArthur Causeway early this morning, airbags were deployed, but no bodies were found. Maybe Hugo's our Cadillac guy. Any plates? The police report doesn't say, the car was brand new. Depending on the currents, Hugo could've drifted from the Causeway to the beach he washed up on. Yeah well, the timeframe makes sense. Did anyone fish out the Caddie? It was towed to the impound lot in the marina. Why don't I take Hugo there? Maybe if he sees the car, it will jog his memory. That's a good idea, I'll go with you. It's okay, I've got it. This is a safe key, one of 1,600 ordered to the exact specs of the Sunshine State Bank and Trust. So is this a safe bet, that this opens safety deposit box 815? Let's go find out. Follow my lead. Excuse me, this area's restricted! Hi, how are you? I'm with Amalgamated Insurance Company, we have a claim with the Caddie, that was recovered from the bay last night. Okay, and you are? I'm her supervisor. It's my first week as an insurance adjuster. Okay, well, it's at the end of aisle five, it's the one leaking the seawater. Thank you. Call me, if you need anything. You see how easy that was? Yeah, I'm a natural. You okay? I'm just wondering how I managed to drive my car off a bridge. You're probably just a really crappy driver. With no ID or fingerprints. You're are a man of mystery. I just hope I like the person I find. How do you feel about him so far? Well, pretty good, but I guess having no regrets will do that. No regrets, I like that philosophy. You mean my condition? Yes, your condition. Can I help you? Good God, that's my car? Unless someone else drove it off the Causeway last night. Well, I don't think it was me. Whoever it was was shot at with an assault rifle by the looks of the bullet holes. Why would anybody wanna do that to me? I don't know, let's make sure this is your car. No insurance, no registration, no rental agreement. I've got something like postcard or a flyer. Does it bring back anything? No, nothing. You know it's gonna be okay, right? Yeah well, it feels pretty far from okay right now, somebody wants me dead. We're gonna find out who. Eve! Uh! No! Give me the gun, give me the gun. Give me the gun. - I almost shot that guy. - But you didn't. Only 'cause you stopped me. Who am I? I don't know. # Love them bad boys, I love them bad boys # Bos and Hugo are looking at photos to try and ID the guy that attacked him. I just wish you guys could've seen how quickly he disarmed that guy at the impound lot. Sounds like he went from Hugo Boss to Jason Bourne. It was like someone flipped a switch. What do you think, military, Blackwater? Yeah, that's the happy version, the scary one is that he could be a professional hit man or even a mercenary. Let's not go there. Okay, what about the guy, who attacked you? He was Asian, average height, no distinguishing marks other than the gun. But did he say anything? I mean, maybe he was a disgruntled former colleague or even a partner in crime? Why do we always have to assume the worst? You need to check this out, okay. We got this from safe 815 from the Sunshine State Bank and Trust. - Exhibit A. - It's adorable. Yeah, it gets dark. Look at this. I'm guessing the money's untraceable? Yeah, and he used it along with a false name to pay for his safety deposit box. What name? Francis Fratelli. From "The Goonies?" The gun's serial numbers have been filed off. Don't ask about the dolphin. I'm dying to know about the dolphin. Us too. I'm gonna run the gun against the Miami PD Ballistics database, see if I can get a match. I'll see you girls in a bit. Ciao, bella. There's gotta be an explanation. Are you okay, if it's an ugly one? I just think that I know what it's like to be alone in the world and I think that's what he is right now. I know. Well, sooner or later, he'll have his memories back and we'll have a full picture. I just don't want you to get hurt. So you have no idea of how you were able to defend yourself? Well, I do have an excuse. It doesn't mean I can't ask the question. I doubt I could do it again. Not bad. I'm guessing you were Marines, Special Forces? You can let go now. Let me ask you a question, Eve, is she single? Why don't you figure out which side of the law you're on, then worry about dating? - Okay, look, if I was stepping on any toes about asking about Eve... B08? Hope you two are playing nice. Just getting to know each other. Is everything okay? Yeah, there's something I need to show you. Where did I get all this money? Well, that was at your safety deposit box at the Sunshine State Bank and Trust. I'm guessing whoever I was didn't leave some sort of photo ID or something? No, it was paid for with a fake name. Okay, what about this dolphin? Maybe you're a stuffed toy aficionado. Or not, it's an idea. What about the postcard? The one I found in the car? Yeah, it's a commercially available stock photo of South Beach, it's been used for book covers, a postcard, a flyer for Nikki Beach. Nikki Beach? You remember it? Yeah. It's a beach club, dancing, DJs, tepees? On. Do you think you've been there? I think I was there. Well, for a guy with no memory, you certainly have good taste in clothes and parties. I was following a guy, he was a regular at the bar. I don't suppose you know that guy's name? No, no, but he had dark hair, brown, not much of it. He had a goatee. Two more. Here's those drinks! Oh, look, it's like a little traffic light! Yeah, hm-mm. Yeah, well, to life being a beach. - That's cool! - Okay. Yeah! That's like not the guy I remembered. - You hear that, guys? - Got it. Abby, we just rolled snake eyes. Ditch the goatee and find another one, I'm standing by for facial recognition, in case anyone rings a bell. So I got a place near the Fountain Blue, a beautiful view of the ocean, we could watch the sunrise together. Yeah, I am so sorry, you're gonna be rising and shining alone, but you did a really good job today and I don't want you to feel bad about it and this is very contemporary. Cheers. - That's perfect. - Ooh! Any more goatees in your sights? Hm, this whole place is goatees. Totally. Would you think less of me if I told you I liked this drink? - Yes. Oh, wait a minute. Hey, check it out, my Mom's out of town, I've got the whole place to myself. We could use the big room. That's not him. Give him the hand, Kate. I'm Rick. You're gorgeous. You're not, sorry, you've gotta go. # I feel it tonight, 'cause I feel it tomorrow # I can't even, I am speechless. I can't imagine myself hanging out at a place like this. It could be worse, you could have a goatee. You know, part of me hopes my memory never comes back. Clean slate? Yeah, it's like a second chance. That's actually the name of my boat. Really? Yeah, it's docked at the Manatee Keys. I thought you were a car girl? Oh, I am, I used to live on a boat, before it got sprayed up with bullets. Past life. That's why you call it Second Chance? Yeah, that and it is my second boat. I don't know what kind of guy you used to be, Hugo, but you don't seem like a bad one. Well, I'll try and stay in your good graces. And I don't know what my life was about before, but right now, it seems like it's probably better with you around. Hey, sorry to interrupt your moment, but Abby's got another candidate in her sights. Can I buy you a shot? You know, I'm just not a shot kind of person. I have bottle service up at my cabana. That's him. Of course you do, everybody does. Abby, get his glass, I'll run his prints and get an ID. God, you know, I'm just in a really bad mood with the heat and your cabana just sounds so, so great. So why don't you give me a second to go freshen up and change my attitude and I will see you there in a second, okay? I'm so happy We met, so, so happy. That was easy. Nice job. Eve, we should get Hugo out of sight, just in case goatee's the guy that wants him dead. I'll meet you there. - Sounds good. Hugo, let's get you out of here. I need answers. Hugo! Hugo! Shots fired! Hugo! We need to talk. Who are you? Detective Bradley Dumont, LAPD. The man you know as Hugo Boss is actually named Josh Taylor, he joined the LAPD out of the Marine Corps. He was working undercover with the DEA Joint Task Force. Well, this explains why we couldn't find anything on him, these files were taken offline and sealed to protect his cover. Now, unfortunately he crossed the line. Taylor put a bullet in his partner two months ago and ran off with a bag full of LAPD buy money, I've been tracking him ever since. I just don't believe it. Look, I hate to be the bearer, Josh Taylor is as dirty as they come. I'm just glad your association with him ended, before he led you somewhere ugly. I wasn't aware our association with him was over. We're private investigators, he's our client. How does our dead guy, Lapointe, fit in? Yeah, why would Hugo or Josh wanna kill him in cold blood? Look, you can investigate all you want, but the operational details of my case are extremely sensitive. The way I look at it, you've been working with a wanted man. A wanted man with amnesia, why don't you guys check into that? I'm just not buying that story and you might not wannna believe it, but Josh Taylor is a dangerous and violent sociopath, do yourselves a favor and stay out of this case. There's no happy ending here for him. I made some calls, Josh Taylor's partner was shot and killed in Los Angeles two months ago, just like Dumont told us. The police haven't released the names of any suspects. But they do have one? Yes, it's Josh. It just doesn't sound right. I'm sorry, Eve, this is confirmed. What about Brad Dumont? He has a spotless record and is considered one of LAPD's best and brightest detectives. I was considered one of Miami PD's best and brightest. What's your point, Kate? I'm just not convinced that Brad Dumont's intentions are all so noble. What makes you say that? Gut feeling. Look, cop killers are big game, Dumont knows that no one's gonna blame a detective, that shoots first and asks questions later. You think Dumont's planning on killing Josh? I have a low tolerance for vendettas. You need to find Josh before Dumont does. Eve and I are on it. Abby and I will look into Lapointe. Go to it, Angels, but tread lightly. Thanks, Doyle, I owe you one. That was a buddy of mine in Traffic, the cops talked to all the cab companies, the doorman at Nikki Beach put Hugo in a taxi and the driver dropped him off on J Street. J Street, that's five blocks away from Manatee Keys. Isn't that where you keep your boat? He just wants a second chance. Let's go. Lapointe owned a bunch of souvenir shops up and down Miami Beach, I, of course, hacked into his company's database. So can you make anything out of these? These are import-export contracts, primarily with Chinese suppliers. Import-export's a good line of business, if you're thinking of smuggling something into the country. 13 pallets of palm tree snow globes to be transported to the port of Miami. That always freaks me out when you do that. Who knew all those hours my father forced me to learn Mandarin paid off. So, is our favorite blue dolphin in any of those contracts? Only one way of finding out. Print out the contracts and I'll translate them over lunch. Should I order Chinese? Hey, stop! Alright! - I see you found my gun. - I didn't shoot that guy. Then put the gun down and talk to us. His name was Greg Lapointe. Why did you run? Because I saw who did it and I knew he was gonna kill me next. We believe you, Josh, now put down the gun. Wait, my name is Josh? Detective Josh Taylor, you're with the LAPD. I'm a cop? How did I end up in Miami? We're not sure, but there's another detective out there looking for you. Brad Dumont, does that name ring a bell to you? No, is he my partner? Not exactly. Wait, that's the guy from the club, that's the guy who killed Lapointe! So I'm a dirty cop, who killed his partner? His name's John Corry. I shot him. This just doesn't seem real. We don't wanna believe it either. Yeah, but it's hard to fight this evidence, I mean. Do you remember anything about Lapointe? What kind of business you guys had? No, it's a mess up here, it's like a bunch of puzzle pieces that don't fit together. Yeah, but without your memory, all we have is Dumont's word. Okay, so I'm a cop, maybe I was investigating Lapointe? Or maybe this Brad Dumont guy and I were working together and he killed Lapointe to, I don't know, I'm sorry. Maybe I wouldn't blame you, if you turned me in right now. - With dirty cops, the story is never black and white. I know it looks bad, but you can't lose faith. We're all about second chances here. Lapointe's Chinese contact inside the United States is this man. Frankie Han. Sound familiar? No, but those Chinese characters, I recognize them, I don't know what they are, but I've seen them. They're Triad markings. The Chinese Mafia, Frankie Han runs the South Florida branch. We need to have a conversation with Frankie. Getting close to him won't be easy. Maybe we just call up Brad Dumont and share this information with him. It's not my first choice. Frankie Han does own the Chow Dai, it's a ridiculously over-priced Asian fusion restaurant, you know, I always thought the prices were criminal, now I know why. Check out the swag. Yeah, the Ming Dynasty called, they want their vases back. Ha, time to find Frankie Han and get him bugged. You must be the replacements? We are, so I heard the other waitresses got arrested? By Immigration, just tell me your papers are in order. Oh, yeah, we are not gonna cause a problem. - Hm, hm. - You'd better not. Pick up a tray at the bar and work the lounge area. You, main dining room, they need back up on tables five to eleven. So how do you pick who gets to dress up for these missions? Depends on the outfit. Alright, people, let's focus. Bos? Okay, I've got Abby on the line, go ahead, Abby. I think I have something, check it out. Back room looks restricted. No, wait a minute, that doorman, I recognize him. Isn't that the guy that tried to kill us at the impound lot? I think I could get passed him, if only I had a distraction, Kate? I'm on it. I am so sorry! Let me help, let me help you with that. Oh, let me help, sorry, sorry. It's okay. Heading into the back room now. It's okay. Blow on them. I found Frankie Han. Can you get close enough to put the bug on him? Well, he likes girls, he likes booze, I think I can figure something out. What are you doing here? Well, I was just bringing Mr. Han his drink. I already have a drink. I'm sorry, sir, I... Come on, let's go. Oh oh, ladies, we got a problem, Brad Dumont just showed up. - I'll slow him down. Hey, you're not going anywhere, right, last time you went rogue, somebody wound up dead. So you guys, you want me to roll down a window, let out some testosterone? Not here, and keep your piece out of sight. Bos, it's getting hot, get that engine running. Let's go. I think we have you outgunned. They're private detectives working with Taylor. Why don't you ladies come to the back room? Alright, buy me little bit of time, Abby, I'm getting you out of there. HOW? Watch and learn. Almost there, Abby, pulling the trigger in five. You're gonna pull the fire alarm? It's not an alarm, it's a fire suppression system, it uses a non-toxic gas, that way Frankie's priceless antiquities don't sustain fire or water damage. Four. - We don't need weapons to blow this place apart. Three. This is your final warning. Two. Alright, let's go! - Nice one, Bosley. - I have my moments. Now let's see what we've got from the bug. Wait, I thought you didn't get close enough to Han. No, but I got close enough to his bodyguard. I think you guys might wanna listen to this. Calm down, Frankie. Don't tell me to calm down! Taylor was your responsibility, now he has private detectives looking into me? Look, as far as we know, they came on a fishing trip and left empty-handed. They found my involvement in this, didn't they? Josh Taylor has amnesia, he won't get in the way. You're damn right, he won't, 'cause you're gonna take care of him and his associates. I dealt with his partner and I'll deal with this after I get my piece of the Coral Dragon shipment. Coral Dragon? Dumont killed my partner. And he's framing you to take the fall. I'm not a killer. I know you're not. Coral Dragon is a cargo ship containing about 10 of Frankie Han's shipping containers. It came in this morning, Port of Miami, they were offloaded into a warehouse by the docks. But what's in those containers? Crates and crates full of these. Hey, hands up! Well, anybody want a souvenir? What is it? There's nothing in these, they're just toys. It doesn't make sense. They wouldn't go through all this just for stuffed animals. Maybe they're using the dolphins as a distraction. A silica gel, it's supposed to keep the toys dry. That look like silica gel to you? No, what is that? Illegal drugs? Wait a minute, I remember something, I've seen this before, it's a synthetic painkiller, hit the streets of LA about six months ago, there was a bad batch, a lot of people died. You're all gonna die for seeing it. Drop the guns. We've got you surrounded. Keep your hands where I can see 'em. Well, well, well, I can't say it surprises me, but it is one hell of a way to end a partnership, Brad. You and I were never partners. Oh, not as cops maybe, but as criminals. You didn't tell Mr. Han here about our deal? Hugo, what are you doing? I'm not letting this guy put a bullet in me without Mr. Han knowing why. - What is this? Brad sent me to Miami to follow Lapointe, we were gonna take you both out and sell the drugs ourselves. Nice story. This man has amnesia, he doesn't even know who I am. Right, the amnesia, thanks for that idea, Brad, it really worked well, it was almost as good as taking the drugs back to LA and selling out the Triads to the DEA. He's lying! Put your gun down! Are you okay? No! - No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! Night night, partner. No! Hugo. Look at me. I'm calling 911. You're okay. Dr. Kravitz, a visitor in the main lobby, a visitor in the main lobby. - HEY- Hi. How are you feeling? You tell me. The doctor said you're gonna make a full recovery. What about Dumont and Frankie Han? DEA custody. Turns out you were right, I'm one of the good guys. Yeah, you are. Thanks for believing in me. Maybe when you get out of here, we can make some new memories. Look, Eve, there is something I have to tell you. When I took that bullet, something happened, I remembered. What did you remember? Daddy! Josh, thank God! Hi. I'm so glad we found you, we were so afraid. Bethany, and Chloe, this is Eve. - Hi. - She's a private detective. The Townsend Agency? The police told me everything you did for my husband, thank you so much. You're welcome. Hi. Bye, Josh. # They ain't coming # # And as the cold defies your pain # # I can fill your heart # He just found out. # Open from the start # I'm sorry. It's okay. Told you he was a good guy. I know that. # Yanking to my call # You still have Abby and Kate and me, of course. # Fallen angels, I bind # # And they're coming # 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 