The Hot Zone: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Hot Zone 
 s1e4 - Expendable - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Hot Zone (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Expendable - full transcript 
 Nancy Jaax begins to lead a team from USAMRIID to prepare for the most dangerous mission any of them have ever faced. With full access to the research facility, the life-threatening stakes ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  NANCY: Previously  on The Hot Zone... PETER: Nancy? NANCY: We got a  call from Reston. A worker has a fever, it may  have spilled over to humans. CARTER: It's airborne. RHODES: That is  entirely unfounded. BEN: Peter? NANCY: Close your eyes.  Take a deep breath.  Trust me. CARTER: We'll be back  for the other workers. Do not let them go home! TRAVIS: Travis Rhodes, CDC.  I'll be taking it from here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 NANCY: I don't know what  happened with you two. CARTER: One of the  victims came for shots  with another expectant mother. RHODES: What are you doing? CARTER: Getting  your ass, and mine, to Matambwe Village. PILOT: I'm gonna  have to drop you,  then come back later. CARTER: This is...  Insane. RHODES: We could be  stranded out there. We could be the next victims! (gasping). (groaning). RHODES: Oh, Jesus! JERRY: I get that you  have to protect everybody, but all I can do is  protect the kids. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 FATHER: Please,  watch over our family. Nancy, my sister, Jerry  and these two monsters. JASON: Have you  ever seen AIDS? NANCY: We do  have vials of HIV,  but it's not a Level 4 Agent. JASON: You've seen  something worse? NANCY: Ebola Zaire. You need to let me  get in there today. Make sure that it is  contained and that it doesn't  spread to the other primates. CARTER: We didn't  catch it in time. NANCY: Carter thinks  this could be the biggest catastrophe in U.S. history. We can't afford to be  the people that stood  by and did nothing because we were too  scared to pull the trigger. I think we're  heading in tomorrow. (helicopter rotors) RHODES (over radio):  Girl's just under  eight months pregnant. MELINDA (over radio):  The girl is 24, so maybe we can  refrain from referring  to her as a juvenile. RHODES (over radio):  This is stupid. We all ready have a  sample from Sister Monica. MELINDA (over radio):  Words of a hero. CARTER (over radio):  This isn't about a  sample anymore. We need to find out how  this thing proliferates Incubation times. Symptoms. We need to observe it.  Get inside its head. ♪ ♪ There's another 100 when  you get back tomorrow. PILOT: Not tomorrow.  Coffee harvest. We gotta transport  my boss to the fields. CARTER: Then when?  PILOT: Three days! CARTER: That's a good sign.  MELINDA: No. No need for masks.  They have to trust us. CARTER: You're on.  MELINDA: What? CARTER: I heard you with  the guards back there. The NGO's trained you well. MELINDA: Uh, not  sure a six week crash  course is gonna cut it. Bend down. Put your  ands together. (chattering) RHODES: Do you  see anyone who's pregnant? (speaking in Lingala). RHODES: They want  us to share a drink? MELINDA: It's their  custom, we need to respect it. RHODES: One of  them could have it. ♪ ♪ CARTER: We want access  to the woman, we drink. (theme music plays). NANCY: Are you married? ASH: No way. (chuckles). CARTER: You got a  girlfriend, Ash? ASH: Um, I don't know.  A couple I guess. (chuckles). Uh, why-why's it matter? CARTER: We'll get to that. NANCY: And you're  22 years old? ASH: Yep. CARTER: Any problem  with tight spaces? Claustrophobia? Panic attacks? ASH: Uh, I don't think so. CARTER: What about family,  next of kin? WILL: My dad passed  a few years back, but... My mom's got family close by. So, my older sister. CARTER: How many siblings?  WILL: Uh, just the one.  Vanessa. CARTER: Any health issues? SARAH: No. I mean, we  just had our physicals,  so why ask... CARTER: This isn't a  conventional mission. Just making sure. Any BL4 experience? SARAH: Um, just two times,  but I've been a part of the VMD for about a year. Do you need animal care  technicians on your team? CARTER: Everyone will be  briefed on the mission. And... What about children?  You have any? SARAH: No.  NANCY: Are you pregnant?  SARAH: No. (knock) NANCY: Hello? DOROTHY: He was  having trouble breathing, so I brought him in. NANCY: How long have  you been at the hospital? DOROTHY: Overnight. We didn't, um... Know if we'd be  staying, but uh, now... (deep breathing). NANCY: It's okay, I'm...  I'm still here. DOROTHY: Now they're saying... (pained exhales). He might not be coming home. NANCY: Can he talk?  Put him on the phone, please? DOROTHY: Uh, just a second.  It's Nancy. FATHER: Oh, hey, Nancy. (labored breathing). NANCY: Hey Dad.  You hanging in there? FATHER (over phone):  Yeah, oh yeah, but... This one really  knocked the piss out of me. NANCY: Yeah. FATHER (over phone):  That's for sure. NANCY: You can  kick this thing. (labored breathing). FATHER (over phone):  Yeah, I, um, I,  well, I hope so. NANCY: Dad, I um...  I really wanna come... But we just got the  go ahead to go into  this facility and... Everything in there  is hot right now. We need to contain it. So, the next 36 hours  is really critical. FATHER (over phone):  No, no. You, you, uh... You-you-you have  to stay there. They, they need you there. (clears throat). It sounds like a,  like a real son of a gun. NANCY: It is. FATHER (over phone):  Well then, there's... Nobody better they  can have on the job. And we both know it. You have a level head,  a good heart... NANCY: Dad. FATHER (over phone): No.  None of that, now, come on.  Please. Always known your worth,  you just never pushed  it on anybody. But now, this is-this maybe  is the time to do that... (coughs). FATHER (over phone):  Lives on the line here. This is your chance  to show them what you got. NANCY: Dad, just hang  in there for me, okay? Just hang... Just be strong and  hang in, just wait. Just wait... FATHER (over phone):  You bet I will.  Same for you, huh? (exhales). JERRY: I'm so  sorry, sweetheart. Your dad's always  been a fighter. NANCY: He didn't sound good. JERRY: Well, if  you need to go... NANCY: I wanna be there.  We've been through a lot. I'd just like to  sit with one... (exhales). Just one last time. (sighs). Watch Jeopardy... I just... JERRY: The Colonel  will understand. NANCY: Even if I go,  my mind will be here. (sighs). What we're dealing  with could be worse than  anything we've ever seen. And if that virus gets out  because I put my family... first. JERRY: Well, you know...  We do have a team here. NANCY: My team. I mean, I just finished  hand-picking the best crew to go in and I haven't  even briefed them yet. JERRY: Right... Didn't you ask the 91-Tango's  about their families? Why are you any more  expendable than them? NANCY: No one's expendable. JERRY: You telling me you  didn't cut people because their loss would be  felt more than others? MAN (over PA): Colonel  Nancy Jaax to Pathology. NANCY: I'm going to  need you train them with  the wrangling equipment. JERRY: They all have  experience with animals. I would worry more  about how they are gonna  handle those Racal suits. NANCY: What do you  mean you sniffed it? And you're just  telling me this now? BEN: I wanted to  tell you earlier, but that's kind  of not the point, okay? Peter is gone. NANCY: What do you...  Did you page him? BEN: Yes, I-I paged him.  I... (exhales). I think he left the base. I called his  house a few times. NANCY: Ben, he's exposed, Ben. BEN: I know, but we've  been testing ourselves, every day, and so far  we're both negative. NANCY: Does anyone else know? BEN: No, I-I just called you. You know, I figured  you would, um, help... quietly, I didn't think  I should leave the lab. NANCY: Well, you  got that part right. Okay... So, I have to go find him. BEN: Okay, so in  days that he bikes in. He usually takes  the train part way. So if you drive,  maybe you can catch him. MAN (over PA): Westbound  Train 8-9-5 stops in... (crowd chatter). ♪ ♪ MAN (over PA): May I have  your attention, please... Please do not  leave luggage  unattended at the station. Luggage left unattended  may be removed without  warning or destroyed by station security. NANCY: Peter...  PETER: I guess Ben told you? NANCY: Not when  he should have. PETER: It wasn't his fault.  It was all me. So, this is how it is? It's like when  someone has AIDS, you can't get within  five feet of me? NANCY: I'm just trying to... PETER: To say,  "I told you so?" Oh. Can't really say you stuck  the landing on that one. NANCY: Why'd you run? PETER: Didn't run. I just... I had to get out of there, I  needed to think for a second. NANCY: And risk exposing  God knows how many people? MAN (over PA):  Attention all passengers. In the interest  of public safety, riders are asked to... PETER: Look, I  might be a cocky prick, but I'd never put  anyone's life in danger. Whatever this is, I  mean, it isn't airborne yet. There'd be a whole... Continent of corpses. NANCY: Well maybe.  But you know better  than to be out here. PETER: I know, um...  I don't know what happened. I know every protocol.  Backwards and forwards,  but when it's you, it's like... So, I just panicked. NANCY: Okay, I need  you to come back now. PETER: I'm not  going to Slammer, Nancy. NANCY: Protocol's protocol,  Peter, you know that. PETER: Rhodes is in  charge of human infection. You really think he's  gonna quarantine me? NANCY: Not his decision.  You work for USAMRIID. PETER: Yeah,  but as a civilian. And we both know the CDC  will just send me to the  nearest crowded hospital. The safest thing? Is for me and Ben to sequester ourselves in the lab. Plus, you need us in BL4. Got too many  samples coming in. NANCY: You lock the door.  You don't go home. PETER: I promise. NANCY: I will  handle the Colonel. TUCKER: Look,  I'll be honest, Jerry. (scoffs). I don't like any of this. Nancy should never  have brought Carter in. JERRY: He's the only  one that's worked  with Ebola in the field. TUCKER: Sure, but getting  everybody in that meeting rattled w-with some  wild "Airborne" claim? I mean, that was  reckless, Jerry! JERRY: Nancy's trying to  protect people best she can. She's worked harder than  anyone to get to where she is. And when she puts  her mind to something, you cannot get her off it. TUCKER: Jerry!  The BL4 incident, now Carter. 500 primates, it's  a lot of monkeys. You're head of  the vet department. What if it were your decision. JERRY: And I have  my guys ready, but... TUCKER: Look, I have been  wanting to say this, but... I can see how torn  up you've been since  you lost your brother. JERRY: Sir...  That doesn't have  anything to do with this. TUCKER: Yeah, but suddenly  losing someone like that. It's hard to imagine... losing your wife too... Now, you can't tell  me you don't think  about that every day, Jerry. JERRY: No, I can't. If you put me in  charge instead of Nancy, she's is going to  feel like her whole... TUCKER: Does it matter? If it means  keeping Nancy safe. It's a tough question. Look... Don't get me wrong, Jerry. Nancy's one of the best  to ever come through here, but she hitched herself to  the wrong horse on this one. Think about your kids, Jerry. (school bell) (kids chatter). JASON: What's up? FRIEND: Hey, uh, did your mom  say anything about something weird going in Reston or... JASON: What  do you mean weird? FRIEND 2: Sam's mom at the  Post said there was a reporter looking into some  monkey flu or something? FRIEND: And they'd brought in  some team from Fort Detrick. FRIEND 2: Sounded like  that place your mom works. JASON: I'm sure  it's no big deal. FRIEND 2: We figured.  No reason to spaz out. (primates screeching). (phone ringing) NANCY: This is Colonel Jaax. FRANK (over phone):  They're dying in there! You said it'd be handled. Been a whole day,  nobody's showed. NANCY: Believe me, Frank,  I'm working as fast as I can. I've got my hands full here. I need everyone who's  going in to be fully prepared. FRANK (over phone):  It's spreading. More of the healthy  monkeys are dropping. We gotta go in, we  gotta save the good ones. NANCY: Frank, you need to  stay away from that building. We cleared out  all the employees  for their own safety. Look, I can station  someone outside the building  to make sure nobody enters, but we need to be careful. Press sniffing around, they're  gonna start asking questions. All right? And no one's in a  position answer. ♪ And he fought the  world alone and now it's ♪ ♪ 18 and life,  you got it ♪ ♪ 18 and life, you know ♪ ♪ Your crime is time and  it's 18 and life to go ♪ ♪ 18 and life,  you got it, 18 ♪ ♪ DORIS: My husband's been  stuck here for two days. How long before we  know if he has it? RHODES: Most symptoms  appear in seven to eight days. But, it could be up to three  weeks before we have any... DOMANSKI: Weeks? DORIS: What's  gonna happen to him? RHODES: At this point,  we don't know. But I would be surprised  if your husband has  anything other than the flu. DOMANSKI: How can that be? I thought they  knew what this was? RHODES: It's not  that simple, I'm afraid. DORIS: I knew he shouldn't  taken that job there. No one should be  testing on animals. It's cruel. DOMANSKI: It's  gonna be okay, Dor. I don't feel too bad.  You heard him. The longer I'm okay, I'm  guessing the better chance I have, yeah? RHODES: You tested  negative yesterday, I'm sure today  will be no different. Thank you. Get this over to  USAMRIID for testing. Relax, soldier. Even if you were  holding Ebola, it's not as easy to transmit  as you've been led to believe. Trust me. I've seen it. RHODES: Did you taste bleach?  They're using disinfectant. MELINDA: It's more than the  nuns did with their needles. Tells us something... (speaking in Lingala). MELINDA: They don't want  us crossing the perimeter. CARTER: Faith Healer must  have put her in isolation. We, we need to go in. CHIEF KUTU: No. (speaking in Lingala). MELINDA: The sickness has  entered because of a curse. RHODES: What if we show  them our gloves and masks now? MELINDA: Against a curse? No, they see this  as something deeper,  more spiritual. RHODES: What's  spiritual about a virus? MELINDA: Nothing. They know it's a virus,  an illness, that makes  them sick, hence the bleach. What makes it  spiritual is why it  targets a specific person... That's where  beliefs, witchcraft, faith comes in. Someone is given the  illness for a reason. TINDA: Good day.  I am Tinda. I am teacher for school,  uh, in close by villages. TINDA: You can go. (gasping). (coughing). (crying). SARAH: Hey.  REESE: You're on this? I thought you and  Paul were trying? SARAH: Yeah, we  are, it's just, it didn't happen  this month, so... Guess I'm cleared for action. WILL: Guys...  NANCY: At ease. Biohazard level 4 agents will  be present in the building. Reason Ebola Zaire is  classified as a BL4 agent is that There is no  vaccine, no treatment. Our best defense against  infection will be each other. The buddy system. Yes... Will. WILL: So, is it  just monkeys or... Are there people with it? With Ebola? NANCY: All monkeys.  So far. We will do a  Racal suit training... SARAH: Racals?  How's this thing spread?  Is it airborne? NANCY: It's unclear how  the virus is spreading. Certainly bodily fluids. But those could be carried  from the pressure washers that they use to clean the flowers. So, as far as  this operation goes, we act as if the virus is  in the droplets in the air. ORMAN: Guys,  let's keep on track. NANCY: I need to know. Any scrapes, open  skin of any kind? Anyone whose suit is  compromised once inside and it turns out you are exposed,  will be moved to the Slammer for three weeks before  anyone is cleared to leave. And to make things harder,  the animals haven't been  fed since yesterday, so they will be aggressive. A nail can rip through a suit. Teeth can breach a mask and  lacerate or puncture the face. I can't stress this enough,  you are going to into a hostile environment. We are facing an enemy  that can devastate a city. And you're what's standing  between it and the civilians outside those doors. Now, it's important that  you understand this mission is on a voluntary basis. So, if you're  having any doubts, this isn't the one for you. Just raise a hand. TUCKER: Colonel Jaax.  You got a minute? NANCY: Was it your idea? JERRY: The Colonel and I  agreed it was better... NANCY: To not include  me in the conversation? I've worked my ass off  never to be in this position. And when it happens,  it's my own husband?! God, Jerry! JERRY: I was, I was  trying to protect you. NANCY: I would rather your  respect than your protection. JERRY: Oh, come on. You know that I respect you... NANCY: Yeah, but not enough to  let me make my own decisions. JERRY: I told you  how much I didn't want  you going in there... For the kids and you  were so determined... NANCY: Because I was  looking out for everyone, not just our kids. Six million people  in the metro area! And the 91-Tangos? Which one of us? Which one of us is better  prepared to guide them?! Those kids who just  signed up for this!? JERRY: I know what I'm doing. NANCY: Enough to  bet their lives on it? Or yours? I know these pathogens, Jerry. Probably more  than anybody else. This is the day  I've been trained for! JERRY: I will take  as much anger as you  want to throw at me, if it means  keeping you safe. (scoffs) NANCY: Oh, God... I think we both  know what this is about. JERRY: Nance... NANCY: There was nothing  you could do for your brother. I know you miss him  more than I can ever  understand, but you... JERRY: Why can't you  just let me protect you? NANCY: You are  not gonna lose me, too. JERRY: Listen to me, Nancy. If our kids end up  with only one parent... NANCY: It's not gonna happen.  JERRY: Listen to me... We both know that I am  the one who is expendable. Period. NANCY: Just because we got  edged out of Reston doesn't mean we're  completely sidelined. Someone needs to  track the workers. CARTER: I'm  going in with Jerry. NANCY: Wait, but they  didn't even want you involved. How did you convince them? CARTER: Said they  needed one of us inside. Job's gotta get done.  It's not personal. NANCY: Well,  like hell it isn't. You could have leveraged it, refused to go in  there without me. CARTER: What?  And ended up with  both of us benched? Leverage isn't exactly  something I have around here. Somebody's gotta  get the monster. Whatever it takes. NANCY: You caved so  easily with Rhodes. Letting him take  Domanski to hospital. CARTER: What are  you talking about? NANCY: In some twisted way,  do you want this to get out? To spread? CARTER: Nancy, come on... NANCY: It sure would validate  all those years of raising a red flag and nobody listening. Get the CDC, the Pentagon... The nation to wake up. CARTER: I'd never  want anyone to die. NANCY: No, but if it meant  snapping this country to attention, showing the  "monster" on some white neighbor instead of  an African villager... You'd justify the  collateral damage. Wouldn't you? CARTER: Did I want this? Never.  Now it's here. Would it be good for  the Oval Office to be  pissing its pants about now? You bet. NANCY: And I'm the one  that brought you into this... CARTER: Nancy, it's  in that building. It's learning. It's evolved. NANCY: Right, your  elusive "Super Ebola." CARTER: There  will be Super Ebola. It will wipe us out if  we don't get ahead of it. NANCY: And that particular  strain is lurking in a Washington suburb? CARTER: It's not presenting  the way it always has. Without symptoms,  people could be spreading  it without knowing. It's not the  monster I've seen before. And that scares  the life out of me, it should scare you, too. ♪ ♪ BEN: Do I wanna know?  PETER: Nothing yet. Let me give it a sec. BEN: Domanski's all  clear for day two? PETER: Wait... MAN (over PA):  Coaches, athletes and judges. Parents helping  in gymnastics... JAIME: Mommy.  NANCY: Hi, hi. JAIME: Didn't think  I'd see you here. NANCY: When have I  ever missed a meet? JAIME: Well, never, but... I thought you'd be busy today. NANCY: Hey... JAIME: Jason's  friends heard something  something about a monkey flu. And Jason came to my locker  after lunch and he was like really wigged-out. NANCY: I was gonna talk to  you guys after your meet. What did he hear? JAIME: Just that  there's some outbreak in  the monkeys or something. Sam White's mom  heard it from the Post. And then, Jason said  that it was contained, but you always tell me not  to believe everything I hear, so, I don't know. NANCY: Mmm.  Well, it is... Will be contained, very soon. JAIME: You're not  going in there with  the monkeys, are you? NANCY: No, I am not. JAIME: Okay. Can we come  home tonight, then? NANCY: I... Well, I think your aunt  wants you one more  night because she made... (groans). No, but listen why.  She's making fondue. (sighs). JAIME: Okay. Well, can you promise  me that this is the  last night of carob pie? NANCY: It's healthy. JAIME: Mmm. NANCY: All right, now go  show them what you got. Go on. (pager beeps) RHODES: Tell her this  isn't going to hurt. Tell her everything  is going to be okay. MELINDA: Okay. (crying). RHODES: Don't move, don't move! (speaking in Lingala). (speaking in Lingala). RHODES: We need to  get out of this place. I'm sorry, but there's nothing  we can do for anyone here. MELINDA: You  have your mission, but I have mine. I'm here to help these people. RHODES: We stay,  we risk exposure. CARTER: We can't leave. RHODES: We have to.  We go down, these  samples don't get back, more people die. All this was for nothing. CARTER: Chopper isn't coming  back for a couple of days. RHODES: What? (villagers arguing). (yelling). RHODES: What is that noise? CARTER: Hey! Hey! Step back! Step back! What happened here? TINDA: I let you in the hut,  they think you're going to  spread the disease. They want to blame someone. RHODES: We've both  seen this thing up close. Panic. Fear. We know what it  can make people do. MELINDA: Not something  that's easy to forget. Those people in Matambwe... MELINDA (over phone):  They were terrified. You could see in their eyes, they knew they were  going to die. RHODES: Just... Imagining that  kind of hysteria in  millions of people... I can't let that  happen in D.C. MELINDA: You want me to say  that keeping those workers out of quarantine is  the right decision. RHODES: That obvious, huh? (scoffs). MELINDA: I know you.  I'm your wife. RHODES: Look, maybe we  could keep a lid on it. I've been staring at  this guy for a day now, Mel. He doesn't have it,  not-not what we saw in Africa. I'm telling you, it's,  it's something different. MELINDA: No rash? Nausea, his eyes are... RHODES: He's barely  even got a fever. Even though it's tearing  the monkey's insides apart. And meanwhile,  I've got Carter  trying to pull every alarm. And we both know  what he's capable of. MELINDA: Do you think maybe  it's possible you're pushing back so hard because it's him? CARTER: There are two  kinds of ventilators, two types of battery. Grab the right one. If they lose power,  the air pressure in  your suit will decrease. Don't panic. JERRY: Breathing heavily just  burns through more oxygen. CARTER: Claustrophobia  can creep up on you. If you find your  heart start to race, just breathe through. Count to 20. (breathing). CARTER: If your  heart starts to  pound faster, harder... You know you're  about to spin out. Keep your eyes focused  on the door ahead of you. Once you're through  there, focus on the next one. Know you're getting out. JERRY: Those of you with sharp  instruments: Always keep your buddy on the left hand side. Unless you're left handed,  then safely on the right. CARTER: If we lose power... It may get dark. Your hood may fog. You've got a  flashlight on you, find it. You've all been  assigned a buddy inside. Every ten minutes, do a  360 around your partner. (Will gasping). (heavy breathing). JERRY: Check  constantly for suit breaches. Every 45 minutes is  a mandatory break. Carter! Carter, light! Hey, it's okay. (panting). (whimpering). It's okay. Regular breaths,  slow and steady. (labored breathing). CARTER: Whose buddy was he? Find a new one. NANCY: Domanski's got it.  Just verified. And the other  workers were sent home, they could be  exposing their families. RHODES: Come with me. He tested positive? But there's been no  change in his condition. NANCY: It was verified  under the electron microscope. I'm ready to bump this  tug-of-war up to the top if you're determined to  keep stonewalling me. RHODES: Colonel, you haven't  stared Ebola in the face. NANCY: I did yesterday. RHODES: In a monkey. NANCY: We need to draw  blood from all the workers and whoever they were in  physical contact with. Now. RHODES: This is  coming from your General? NANCY: The Army's been  in lock-step with this from the start. The question is, when this  gets tossed across the river, I know D.O.D.'s got  my back and Health and  Human Services has yours. Which one do you think  has President Bush's ear? RHODES: We have a hard  enough time getting nurses  to deliver mashed potatoes to patients with AIDS. We've got politicians who  literally want to brand people who have HIV. Now you cry Ebola and Tom  Brokaw's got a photo of bloody corpses in every home  in America tonight. Only a fraction of healthcare  workers show up tomorrow to handle the thousands  who come racing in panic. Each one  suspicious of the other. Millions of dollars triggered,  thousands of National Guard throwing themselves in harm's  way from a terrified mob. Anticipated roadway fatalities  alone run in the hundreds. NANCY: You don't think  very highly of people, do you? RHODES: D.C. may be  a thriving modern metropolis, but at the end of  the day, it's just a  village like any other. Fear is fear. NANCY: With all due respect,  that's not the my battle I've been charged with fighting. RHODES: So, you would wager  guaranteed fatal casualties against a couple of  possible infections? NANCY: We don't  have to broadcast it, we can do this quietly. I can have them  tested tonight. PRIEST: The Blood of Christ.  The Blood of Christ. The Blood of Christ.  The Blood of Christ. The Blood of Christ. The Blood of Christ. The Blood of Christ. The Blood of Christ. The Blood of Christ. The Blood of Christ. NANCY: Hi.  Is your mom home? CHAD: Mom! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ JERRY: Nancy? NANCY: How is he? (weak breathing). NANCY: Dad? Hi. FATHER: Hi, darling.  Did you save the world? NANCY: Not really.  Jerry took the wheel. FATHER: Well, you, you  didn't have to do that for me. NANCY: Well... He and the Colonel  made the decision. Took me by surprise, but I'm  happy to be here to see you. FATHER: You know. I always tried to protect you. NANCY: I know, Dad.  And you always did. FATHER: And and it wasn't  because I didn't think that you couldn't do it yourself. Hmm. Don't be angry with  him for too long. NANCY: Can I have one day? (chuckles). FATHER: I  wouldn't even waste one. I am so proud of you. (soft crying). FATHER: Now go. Go. NANCY: Put up a fight  until I get back, okay? FATHER: I do. I promise. NANCY: Okay.  FATHER: Same for you. WICHITA: Hey mom... Yeah. I figured he's  probably asleep. JERRY: Time to  move out, private. WICHITA: Mom, I gotta go. Just um... Wanted to say hi. Okay. I love you, too, Mom. Bye. ♪ ♪ JERRY: All right,  Tangos, listen up! You're going into combat  against a virus for whom survival is all that matters. It has no conscious, no mercy. You guys think the same  way and we all come home. Clear? TANGOS: Yes, sir! NANCY: We need to  do a wider sweep. CARTER: You ever seen anything  destroy a body like this? WOMAN: Is my  husband gonna die? NANCY:We're here  for your husband. RHODES: Can I have a word? PETER: I don't like  what I'm seeing over here. SOLDIER: Someone  is snooping around. JERRY: I am in  command of this mission. NANCY: I can't  lose anyone else. SOLDIER: Colonel's  gone down ma'am. NANCY: What's going  on in the facility? SOLDIER: One escaped! NARRATOR: The Hot Zone.  Continues tomorrow at 9:00pm  on National Geographic. Captioned by Cotter  Captioning Services. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 