The Interrogator: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Interrogator 
 s1e2 - Overkill - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Interrogator (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Overkill - full transcript 
 A young woman finds her beloved neighbor, Rebecca Claybrook, beaten to death in her own home. The men in Claybrook's life are put under the microscope by Detective Fil Waters. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The scene is horrific the minute you walk in the door. ...Behind me. My first impression is this is very, very personal. Now it's getting more interesting. He's dug himself a hole, And he's having to look up to see bottom. He's no longer a possible suspect. He is the right person who did the wrong thing. Houston, texas, america's fourth largest city. I served as a homicide detective With houston's finest for over 23 years. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I've investigated over 400 murders And solved 90% with a confession. Once I have a suspect in the room, I don't quit until I get justice for the victims. I am homicide detective fil waters. This was one of the most rage filled, brutal killings That I have been a part of the investigation. It's a case that I'll never forget. I lived with my mom down the street from becky. I felt like that little girl that needed a grandmother, And I felt like becky, She was that grandma that really needed a grandchild. So we kind of filled the void for each other. She always to me to, "come in, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And I'll fix you somebody to eat." I was there every day with her. And I spent the most amazing times with her. That morning, I called her, and I was like, "well, she's not answering because she's probably asleep." But later, I called her again, and I got no answer. She always answer my calls, so for me not to hear from her, It put me into distress. So I just ran over there. It was unlocked. I just pushed the door open, and that's when I saw her body. I knew she was dead from the moment I opened the door. I saw the blood. On April 13, 2009, my partner and I were assigned To the capital murder that had occurred on easter Sunday. Our victim in this case had been identified as rebecca claybrook, 55-year-old white female living alone. She is found, she's laying on the floor of her kitchen In a massive pool of her own blood. She is nude, and there is blood spatter everywhere. The first take that I have on it is this is very, very personal. This is somebody that knows this victim, And something occurred that caused them to lash out And act on her in such a violent manner. I just wanted to know who did it and why. She wouldn't hurt a fly. It broke my heart because at 17, I lost somebody That I really started loving at a young age. Becky's mother had recently died, And there was an estrangement between becky and her daughter. I did not know becky when her mom was around. I met her afterwards, and once her mom passed, That's when her door was an open door to everybody. The fact that she's found naked And on her back, legs slightly spread apart, Certainly the first indication there is That she's gonna be not only a victim of the murder, But she's going to be a victim of sexual assault. Dna was in fact recovered from the victim And from that dna, the dna lab was able to create a profile. No forced entry on the house. Every homicide cop knows that if you don't have forced entry, It's likely that it's someone that the victim knows. Given the personal nature of the murder itself, It's pretty apparent to me that she opened the door willingly And let somebody in that house. She just didn't know she was introducing death Into her house. One thing that is of note Is the number of bloody footprints all over the place. And they're good, good prints. She was stomped to death. To the degree that that same imprint that we see in blood On the floor is on becky's scalp underneath her hairline. Becky ends up dying as a result of blunt force trauma To her head, and the weapon that is used is a tennis shoe At the end of the suspect's foot. A tremendous amount of force. And again, this is telling us that whoever the suspect is It's got to be personal because this is overkill. This is a rage fueled murder. The crime scene unit is able to take pictures, And they're able to send it off to The texas department of public service, Who can compare the shoe prints with a shoe catalog. So the results of the testing on the tennis shoes Is if they're a cheap skateboard type shoe Nd it's a size 12, which would indicate That it's likely going to be a man's shoe. We speak to gina, and we're asking her about these shoes. Do we know anybody around here that may wear this style of A shoe, and she directs us to a young man, teenager There in the neighborhood. He was this punk rock hard core teenager. And he would stand outside and just gawk at becky. It was really creepy. When we talked to his grandmother, She explained to us that she'd been raising them. The grandmother also informed us that the night of the murder He had been asleep. As the guardian, we asked her if we might take A buckle swab for a dna sample. And the grandmother very graciously gave us Permission to do that. The buckle swab is a long q-tip. We hand it to the person that we want to take that sample from. They put it in their mouth, and like they're brushing Their teeth, they pull it out, they pop it in a box. We send it off the lab. It's the best way to take a dna sample for analysis. When the results came back, he was excluded from any kind Of connection to the sample that was found in becky. And because of that elimination, Now we can move on to the next step in the investigation. Becky's cellphone had been found at the scene, And we find in becky's phone A reference to "a hunk of burning love." Obviously we want to know who is hunk of burning love. So we speak to gina Because becky had a relationship with her, Sharing a lot of personal things with gina. Gina was able to identify hunk of burning love, Roy olivarez, as becky's duplex neighbor. Roy had lived on the street in a different house When he was married. According to gina, the relationship between Roy and becky had begun before he moved And broke up with his wife. So one can presume that that relationship with Becky and roy may have been a factor in the split up Of the marriage. From that point in time, Becky would have some sleep overs with roy. His wife would come visit him, And that's when becky found out. He wasn't fully separated. That's what led to them really breaking it off And not speaking and being on bad terms. Love's a very intense emotion, as is hate. Those emotions can flip. Is that what happened here? On easter Sunday 2009, 55-year-old becky claybrook was found stomped to death In her own home. We speak to gina. Gina is the one that finds becky. She put us in the direction of roy olivarez. Lives directly next door. You could knock out the wall in becky's house And step right into roy's living room. Roy was this handsome 50-something-year-old That drove a harley that just turned becky on. I think it was more of an obsession. When she found out he wasn't fully separated, She couldn't take the fact that there was another woman There while she was with him. We contact roy olivarez to come down and talk to us. We buckle swab roy. Again, the dna analysis is going to either make him The prime suspect at that point Or it's going to eliminate him from the investigation. I'm trying to determine what the extent of this relationship Was between he and becky. He does tell me they've had sex, but he is not being terribly Detailed about that relationship, And he is framing it in a way that it is a sometime affair. So was this a way that roy was able to control Phone calls from becky? So if he's with another woman with his cellphone, He doesn't want becky calling him while he's engaged in his "hunk of burning love" activities with somebody else. He said he was not present in the home. He had spent Saturday and easter Sunday at another location. With roy having told us that he spent that Easter weekend with his wife, That would have been something that we were going To pursue later based on the results of the dna. But the results of that testing is an exclusion of Hunk of burning love. It is as important to eliminate people As it is to find the right person. Now we're back to looking at cellphones. We want to check and see who's the last person That talked to becky. We find that the last phone call that she makes Is to a man named robert dray. She told me multiple times about the sex being too much. We know that this looks like a rage killing, A personal killing. And so bob dray, he's now primo on our suspect list. We found 55-year-old becky claybrook sexually assault And stomped to death easter 2009. From becky's phone, we find that the last person to Have spoken with her is bob dray. According to gina, bob likes sex, And becky didn't enjoy it. The information we get from gina Is that becky has ended that relationship around March 29th. Now, this is important because it's about two weeks Before becky is found stomped to death. We know that this looks like a rage killing, A personal killing. And so bob dray, at this point, He's now primo on our suspect list. Bob dray is invited down, and we have our discussion. He tells me about the relationship with becky, And I asked bob the $64,000 question Which is, when was the last time you had sex with becky? Now it's getting more interesting. We have someone who has admittedly told me That he has had sex with her two nights before. When those words come out in his mouth, My thought was at that moment, "we're in homicide, and that's a clue." And again, we're going to do the buckle swab. We send that to the lab. Now there was no doubt in anyone's mind That the dna from examination of becky was in fact bob dray. Under normal circumstances, semen can last Inside the vaginal vault up to two days. We are in within the timeframe of the possibility That he had the sex with her on Friday And then further sexually assaulted her on Sunday morning. And it wouldn't have made any difference If the semen was deposited on Friday or Sunday. It would be him. Question in my mind is, did he find himself At becky's house on easter Sunday? We do another canvas of the neighborhood. We're looking for anyone that may have seen bob dray On Sunday easter morning. We find imelda del rio, becky's neighbor. Her house is facing straight up the street. Becky's house is on the left. It's not a huge street, so we can see activity, We can see cars, we can see things happening there From imelda's front porch. When we're talking about bob dray, do we see any cars, Do we see any activity over there on Sunday. Imelda says no. But imelda shares with us the one unusual activity That did take place on that street the night of the murder. That night, around 11:00, 11:30, I got home with my husband, and I got some tacos. But we don't have nothing to drink at home. So I called my best friend. She lived five houses away. Imelda calls a neighbor and says, "have you got any drinks?" Neighbor says, "sure I'll put them out here in the carport. You can come pick them up." I go there, and I pick up the drink. When I come back, I feel somebody is behind me. And this guy, he start chasing me. Now she finds that she's being pursued In the middle of the street. I was screaming for help. But nobody's there for me. I remember feeling his breath behind me. For one moment, you can feel you're gonna die. If the individual that imelda del rio sees Chasing her down the street on the night that becky Is murdered turns out to be bob dray, We're in the game now. On the night that 55-year-old becky claybrook Was sexually assaulted and murdered, We have an unknown male pursuing becky's neighbor imelda del rio Down the street. I was screaming... ..."help, please, somebody help me." And then my husband, he saw me. And then the guy saw my husband, and he stopped. The person that is pursuing her doesn't Come up to the door. She's not sure where he came from, But she does know where he went, and he turned around And went the direction of becky's house. As a result of what imelda tells us, we ask her To come down and sit with our sketch artist. So now we have a sketch, and we realize that the person That we're looking at is clearly not bob dray. According to imelda, the description we have now Is an hispanic male in his 30s, 5'3", 160 pounds. Imelda's sketch is really a big, big step forward. But more importantly, the neighbor that she had gotten The drinks from has video cameras. We get those videos, and what we see is exactly What imelda has described. We see imelda come up. She goes back toward her house, And then it's seconds later, we see this image Running across the lens of the camera toward imelda, And you can see that his actions are aggressive. He's in pursuit. And then we see him return, moving toward becky's house. And that's around midnight. We got the video out to the media. We went to the neighborhood showing that sketch. The downside of it was nothing came from it. And at that point in time, to our great disappointment, The case went cold. I feel like when I found her, I kind of gave her That piece of "my death won't go unsolved." I just want to know who did it. I made the promise to her that I would make my best Effort to bring that person to justice and offer her Some peace about what happened. In January of 2010, my partner at the time gets into the report And finds one sentence in a supplement written by One of the original scene detectives Regarding a car that was found a block and a half away With a flat tire parked against the curb. I research the license plate. We come to find out that it is registered to a woman Who lives in pasadena named terrie espinosa. Come to find out that she's got a boyfriend, adam diaz. And he bears a striking resemblance to our sketch. So we go to interview terrie espinosa. Every interview is planned. What we went from terrie is information that we can use, And we don't want to intimidate her. So we want to take the soft approach. We want to walk in there and talk about this benign topic of, Why is your car parked over here at this location? We started talking to her about the car, And then she starts to tell us about her boyfriend, adam diaz, Starts to explain to us That they had gone to a party that night. That it's up the street, around the corner from becky's house. So now we know adam is in control of that car On the night of becky's murder. Terrie is starting to fill in the gaps. Now we know that adam had become intoxicated. They had an argument. Adam's had anger, alcohol fueled disturbances With other women. So there is a pattern here of behavior That would seem to point to adam as our suspect. We know that she's leaving that party 9:30, 10:00-ish. And adam is now in control of the car. And also on the man and from the video looks like adam diaz On the street chasing after imelda at around 11:30 or midnight. We know that the car is discovered around the corner. Adam diaz is nowhere around the car. And he returns to the residence where he lives with terrie At around 2:00 a.M. When she drops this about what looked like blood On the cuffs of his pants, The hair is starting to raise on the back of my neck. This is one of these moments spider senses going off. It was such a large quantity of blood, It seemed to be pouring off of him, Which was inconsistent with his story that it was a fight. She explained that that amount of blood was not from a brawl. We know what she doesn't know, Is that becky was stopped at death. And the only reason there's blood on the cuffs of his pants Is because that is blood spatter that is coming up to the cuffs Every time he puts his foot. On the back his head. Now it's the proper time to reveal our true purpose For being there talking to her. The look on her face would have stopped a truck. This is huge. This is one of those moments inside a homicide cop's heart Where we know this is him. This is our killer. We are nine months out From the capital murder of becky claybrook. And now in the investigation, We are certain we have our suspect. His name is adam diaz. Terrie and becky worked together in a restaurant. One day, becky invited terrie to come over, And terrie brought her boyfriend, adam diaz, To the house. So that links adam diaz to becky. There's only one reason why that car Is left up there on that curb. Adam is going to becky's house. Our theory now is he's drunk, he's stupid, He's wanting sex, and he's heading to a location Where he believes he's gonna be able to get what he's after. The next step for my partner and I is to talk to adam. In a non-custodial interview, if adam starts to feel Enough heat, he wants to leave, he gets to leave. I don't have, at this point, enough probable cause To seek a charge. We already have adam telling us that he knows becky. So now we want to see if there's a consistency between What he's telling us and what terrie has already told us. He starts to talk about a party, Talks about crashing the car into the curb. So these things now are consistent with what terrie Has told us, and they're putting adam at becky's house. Adam is clearly being deceptive. I'm looking at him, and I ask him to explain something. He's taking those moments to think. So he's trying to fashion an answer, and those answers That he's fashioning are starting to get twisted. So now we've got a double deception. He told terrie one thing. Now he's telling us something else. He now knows that I'm doubting virtually everything That he is telling me to try to explain the evidence Of what he did to becky. And he's dug himself a hole, and he's having to look up To see bottom, and he's starting to realize that. So I'm going to continue to squeeze the vice. The look on his face, in texas we would say, "he's like a calf looking at a new gate." And I know at that point now it is coming to full realization Of why he is there and what we're talking about. I don't have the ability to keep him from leaving. I don't have a warrant for him. I have nothing other than I know in my gut that he's our guy. It's always a gamble. You're rolling the dice. But because he asks us to come get him in the morning, He wants to continue the conversation. That's an opportunity I'm not going to pass up. The next morning, we go down pick him up And take him immediately to homicide division. The fact that he has chosen To come and speak to me for the second Non-custodial interview tells me he is within The circle of trust that we've built and he trusts me enough That he wants to come back and talk to me. Adam diaz admits to being at becky's house That night and to assaulting her. He then tells detective waters that if he had flown into this Rage that he described, he wouldn't have been able To stop himself, which is consistent with the brutality And the violence we see at the scene. When he gets to becky's, he's intoxicated, He is looking for sex, And becky lets him in. She puts up the fight. The unfortunate result of that is adam diaz throws her On the floor of her own kitchen And proceeds to stomp her to death. The confession that detective waters Was able to get from adam diaz was crucial in this case. Without the confession, we couldn't have gotten justice For becky claybrook. He doesn't admit to raping becky that night. What we know is that if a person wears a condom Or if he doesn't ejaculate, Then there is a potential that a sexual assault happens But that there's no evidentiary dna. I didn't want to lay her to rest. I wanted her to stay with me forever. This is the becky that I want everybody to remember. Her smile. Here hair. I want everybody to remember this person And know that because of her trusting somebody She got killed. The dogged determination by myself, my partner To make sure that we could bring this case to a close And bring about a sense of peace For becky's friends and family members, We accomplished that, and I feel good about that. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 