The White Princess: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The White Princess 
 s1e2 - Hearts and Minds - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The White Princess (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Hearts and Minds - full transcript 
 King Henry VII tours the kingdom in an attempt to establish himself as the new sovereign; Lizzie's pregnancy complicates her loyalties. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on The White Princess... King Henry sent us here to fetch you back to London. We will come willingly, of course. I am to be the spoils of war? The wife of a marauding madman whose mother even murdered children just so he could snatch the throne? This is yours now, Henry. Your kingdom. He based his claim for England on you being by his side. What if I don't choose to marry her? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The Yorks will rise up in her defense. Your mother bids you to rape me? You think you have free will in this? I am the king and I do not. Let's get it over then. A child! My grandson! He will be ours, our own rose of York. Are we certain the York Princes are truly dead? They are both dead. They think that you are dead, my love, and so you will be if you don't hide now. I will plot to bring my brother back. I will fight them from within my marriage and they will not even know it. "Humble and penitent" may be damned. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 "Hidden and patient." That will be my motto. Your Grace? The king is calling for you. Are you well? My sickness is now almost passed. Bishop Morton. Welcome to our court. I am most honored by his Grace, your son. I find myself appointed to the royal council and made Chancellor of England. God's will and ours are one. And the girl? Is she obedient? She has a role to play, but not the mother. Your smile is almost convincing. My face aches from it. And if I have to hear about his years in exile one more time I think that I will choke him with the pheasant legs he has such a taste for. Henry. Bishop Morton. However will I keep it up for eight weeks on Royal Progress? Don't be downcast. We shall make it work to our advantage. I just wish I was coming with you. Bishop Morton has arrived at court. I wish... My daughter's dress is cutting in and troubling the baby. We will change it in her rooms. Royal Progress is our chance to flush out who is still for York. Our first contact is crucial as we'll know who else supports us. The De La Pools are out, they turned their coats so quickly they don't have a spine between them. The Staffords have refused to bend their knee to Henry but he knows them all as rebels so we cannot go to them. Francis Lovell. Lovell? I thought he had sworn fealty to Tudor? Richard said he was the purest, whitest York in all of England. He said he would trust him with his life. No matter what he said or did to fool his enemies, he was a York right to his core. Then Lovell is our man. Where can we find him? York... I ride through England, and I do what exactly? You show off your person. Your righteous sovereignty. That's it? I just "parade"? The people need to see you with their own eyes. And you must look to them as wealthy and as regal as God made you. Which is why your likeness will soon grace every sovereign from the royal mint. This one. And this. No. Black. I wish to keep it plain. You must wear a sword though. I thought this was to win their hearts not threaten them with bloodshed? Your subjects are still reeling from the battle and the change of House. The wounds of England will take time to heal. There may be skirmishes. The Yorks are routed, Henry. They are gone. There is none to come against you now. Which route will the Progress take? I have old friends I should like to see if we journey close. Old Yorks? Or once were Yorks. But now my house is broken. Thanks to me. If I do not even pay my respects, they will think I am your prisoner. And how would that support your image of two Houses now united by a happy, peaceable marriage? We will journey via Northampton through to Nottingham and up to Lancaster. Not York? Of course not York. The place is for its namesake, your old House. The last stronghold of traitors has its nest there. Why do you smile? Because you lend them greater power if you fear them. What? Three stray Stafford rebels? And all the Tudor guards with you and you fear three beleaguered men without an axe between them? You will turn them into heroes if you fear to venture close. Tell me who you wish to visit. The meeting will take place in public and you will say you're happy with your lot. Two cargo ships in the English Channel have been pirated by Burgundy. Retaliation for the trading rights we made them forfeit. How much has the York bitch taken? Nothing of concern. Mostly wine imports. Jasper? My Progress will travel via York and grant a royal audience there. York? Henry... I will not have them thinking I'm afraid. Dear Francis Lovell, our lives are very changed since the last time that we met. But I should like to see you as I travel via York on progress with the king. What is your name? Ruth, Your Grace. Ruth. If I asked you to convey a letter, could I trust that it would not reach Lady Margaret or the King? Of course, Your Grace. Thank you, Ruth. Thank you. Girls. Your riding lesson. Dear Harry Stafford, Lizzie disappoints me. I hoped that she would stand against her husband, and be loyal to her own House, York, but she likes King Henry more than I imagined that she could, and is obedient to him. My-Lady- the-King's-Mother? Her sole complaint with Henry would seem to be within the marriage bed, as she grumbles that his manhood rarely rises to occasion and even when it does, he tries to thrust it into the wrong... Cecily? How are your rooms? Do you need anything? New dresses? Oh, yes, that would be... Thank you! Lizzie has so many, I seem to have been forgotten. And your mother? Well, how is she? It must be hard for her now in my shadow. Hard for her to lose. Oh, my mother doesn't lose. She always finds a way to win. Ask Lizzie. They're hand in glove together. I shall miss you while you're gone. I will have no-one to share my wickedness. You look radiant. The child is blooming. Thank you, my Lady-the-King's-Mother. Which is why you shouldn't travel. Oh, I am quite well. The war has left its scars on England. And some say sickness comes. Along the route the Tudor army took, I heard. An army formed of convicts from the filthiest jails in Europe. We should not be surprised. I do not think the two things are related, but we should not take a chance with you. No, perhaps she's right. I shall go on Progress in your place. I'm York and will do just as well to show England that the Houses live in peace and harmony. Remember Lizzie, "Humble and penitent." It was your mother's idea, of course, to keep me here. Whatever you may think, she has your best interests at heart. Will you at least write to me while you are gone? I will be bored beyond endurance. You may at least send news to entertain me and provide distraction. As you wish. It will look better in England's eyes in any case, a marriage with true care and love in it. It should be me who's going, I'm supposed to be his prize. But you must seem to be obedient if we're not to set off warning bells. And you would like another round of playing Queen, no doubt, driving all the plots yourself. We must each do what we can, my Lizzie. The midwife will consult with you. Take care, my Lizzie. I'll write. Bishop Morton wishes to speak with you about her care before we leave. Oh. Come on. Lady Mother, what are we doing? Yeah, Mother, what was that about? - Stay still there. - Mother! - Lady Mother! - Let me see! No. What's this? Get off me. Get off me! Take your hands off them! Stay still. Stop it! Don't touch her. Come here! We will need those while on Progress! Why would you care? A victory march for Tudor? Why would you even want to be there? Unless you had a plot you wished to put into effect. What plot? You will remain here until the King is back. I will return to pray with you each day. Let us out of here! Let us out! I thought you said we need a York to show we are united? And we have plenty of the ones who are now loyal to us. Henry. It has been lonely all these years without you. I hope this trip will give us time to know each other again. The sickness has reached London to the west. Are we certain we should take the risk? The scouts will ride ahead of us. If there is danger, we will know. Our boy must claim his kingdom or the dangers will be even greater. Where is my lady's side-saddle? I cannot ride astride, it is immodest! These are different times, Eliza. And we must learn to change, or die. Catherine! Watch for Ned, the stable lad. Watch closely now. Anne, pick some horse hairs off my cape. Stand. Stand still now. Can you see my mother, Maggie? I think so. Or is that her? Let's ride on the horses! Lizzie, can we ride on the horses? No, Teddy. The horses are going somewhere else. But we could play Pins or Fox and Geese? Yes! Pins! Or Fox and Geese! At least we can have fun while they're gone. Good weather for it too, young Henry. God must be on our side. Fetch me some soot. Keep watching, Catherine. What did he say to you? The horse wasn't groomed. Where are the games? The Pins? Pins! They have been tidied away, Your Grace. Away? The public rooms are being closed while the court is out on Progress. We are not on Progress. Your rooms are being tended to. Where are the games, Lizzie? My Lady-the-King's-Mother has left instructions for your care. Where is my grandmother? The Duchess Cecily? If my mother is not with me, I shall have my grandmother. She will be brought to you... when you are in your rooms. Lady Mother. Ned. At last! I thought they'd never let you come. Yay! Granny Ceci! Will you play a game? Yes. I cannot stay here with you, Lizzie. You can, or I will make them! No, it's... It's my choice. I'm leaving. But you can't... England is too changed. I never thought I'd say this to you nor to anyone, but... - I am afraid. - What of? They're barbarians. I am so sorry, Lizzie, for your plight. Oh, you are so beautiful. You had such promise. And I still do. Your faith must rest now with your mother. I am going to my daughter's palace in Burgundy. At least there, there will be something to drink. He was angry. I was lucky he didn't flay me. I believe you were. ...bring him to me. Hey. Hey, what is it? Right. You are restless to hear my magic. Come on. Once round the grounds then, before you sleep. Bring me Ned. Hey! What is it? To Francis Lovell. Lizzie wrote to you to meet her but both of us have been held here in Westminster against our wishes. The Tudors are an outrage. They have no claim to the throne and yet they force themselves upon it with a swagger that must make God in heaven weep. They are a canker that must be cut out before it has a chance to spread. I'm told you are a loyal Yorkist. And if you are, then I beg you, show your colors now. The Stafford lords will help you. They've opposed Tudor already. Francis Lovell? Please do our bidding, Lovell. Do it for my dead son and for me. Do it, and we'll put Edward Plantagenet on the throne and a white rose will grace England once again. Your Grace, King Henry. We welcome you to our City of York. We feared you would turn back because of all the sickness. Sickness? It's nothing. It's passed. It's... I have been eager to survey my lands and how well Tudor green suits England. Please, come. Our taxes are collected for you. But first, the noblemen of York will show their fealty to you. - Bow! - Your Grace! Shield the king! Henry! Take him! Take him! Stop that man! - Protect the king! - Get him inside! - Henry! - Stop him! There, there! Henry! Henry. Henry, let me see. It's nothing. Henry, please, you're bleeding. Let your mother tend... What is this sickness you have kept from me? And made me look a fool who does not even know what happens in his own lands. It is nothing. It is normal for this time of year. I've barely been out of London for a week and already they're coming for me. A Yorkist rebel we had missed. They will settle. You will see. I did not "settle". Not for 28 long years. I kept on fighting for the throne. And I have no doubt those who hate me and reject my claim will do the same. Jasper has gone after them. He will find them and kill them. We must come down hard on them. Francis Lovell! Stop in the name of the King! Lovell! Stop in the name of the King! Stop him, he's a traitor! Stop him! In God's name, what's this? Turncoats? Traitors, stand aside! Turn back! Turn back to York. Hyah! There is no news from anyone? Mother? Henry? Perhaps she's not allowed to, Lizzie. She would find a way, you know she would. Ruth isn't even here. Maggie, will you go to the stables and ask Ned if he's been passed any letters? Get back, there's sickness. Sickness? Plague, or something. I don't know. They sweat and then they drop down dead. You mustn't take it to your mistress. Is there word from Lizzie's mother? Word? She's up there, in the old tower. Would you return this to her? He says that they are falling down and dying. What should we do? Stay as far away from them as possible. He says your mother is still here. That she's locked up in the old tower. And all the more reason that Lizzie shouldn't know. She'd only go out looking for her and she might get ill and harm the baby. Lady Margaret said I was to keep her safe. No. No notes. What is it, Maggie? Nothing. It's just... I wish there was news. Dear wife. I had imagined I would write of triumph on my Progress, my impressions of my country and my countrymen, but one week out of London, there's a blade stuck in my flesh by a York named Francis Lovell. I imagine I have you to thank for that so you will be irked to hear that despite your best endeavors, your husband and the father of your unborn child still breathes. Your mother's signature is over this with yours... From the King. ...and if she were here on Progress with me, I can tell you that she would not be returned to you alive. But happily, my mother had the good sense to leave her locked up there in Westminster. My mother is not with him. She is here. You both knew? There's sickness. It's the reason why we didn't tell you. We didn't want you or the baby getting ill. Lizzie, you are not allowed to be out here. How bad is it? How bad? People are dying. Everyone's afraid. That's why you haven't seen the servant girl, she's dead. And, and mother? And the girls? They're safe. They're locked up here. Has anybody sent help out to the people? Lizzie, where are you going? To do what someone should have done already. How long must I be cooped up here? I should have ridden out with Jasper. Henry, you are the King. Is this what it means then, is it? Crouched here in the darkness with my mother like a coward. Tell me, is this how you saw it? When you willed me to be the King of England? If you are dead then you are king of nowhere. Even a mother's love cannot pull you from the grave. Henry, as we are this far in the north, I thought we should make useful politics of it. King James of Scotland needs a wife. We will meet him on the border and offer him Elizabeth. If he accepts... then England will be rid of her forever and the Scottish threat against us will be ended. Don't think, that if we put Elizabeth in Scotland, she might bring the Scottish Army to attack us, joining with the Northern Lords as they rode down, till we were hopelessly outnumbered, slaughtered and York returned to power, all in a single stroke? If you spent less time flirting with my Uncle Jasper, perhaps you might give better counsel. The people need physicians, food and burials. Unlock the treasure room. Who has the key? Who has the key? I do. As his Grace's Chancellor. Then open it. Madam, you risk your child's life and your own by straying from your... Kick it down. They will do no such... What? You would rather your families die of plague 'cause you were too afraid to take my orders? Break it open! Madam! If the king were here he would order the same. Open it. Stop. Kick it! Kick it! Stop! This is robbery and treason. Stand back. Stop. "Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy." "Thou shalt not steal." And this gold is the King's. It is our royal duty to provide. As you well know as you served on my father's council. You are not crowned Queen and have no jurisdiction. But unless you plan to hold me down, I shall do it anyway. Have the guards take this out to the sick. Watch them safely from a distance, but be sure the people get what they need. This will not go unpunished. There will be repercussions. Where is my mother? She is locked in this palace and you will tell me where or I will push this child from my body, right here on the floor, and we will both bleed to death. And it will be on your head. Only a demon would harm a child. You are your mother's daughter. God will judge you for your sin. There is sickness then. It will play in our favor. Cecily, I think I have caught the sweat. "Favor"? People dying? You think that that is good? Of course it is. They'll blame the king for bringing it to England. And think it's God's curse for claiming what was never his. And when enough of them have died, the rest will rise up in their grief and overthrow him. I sent out food and money. Physicians to attend the sick. You did what? We are not monsters! You cannot just let people die. It is not at our hand. It works to our advantage. Surely you can see that, Lizzie? Did you write to Francis Lovell? Order him to kill the king? Of course I did. I... Is he dead? No, he is not dead. He is alive. How dare you do that? Write to him without my knowledge, and in my name I would imagine! We said that we would come against him, what else did you think that meant? That we would contact loyal Yorks who would muster men and mount... A what? A... A war! A battle to depose him. Not an assassin in the night! Oh, I see. So you would rather that he died in battle, where thousands more will lose their lives beside him, just so you can feel a distance from it? No, of course not! What, then? He does not have to die at all! We can remove him from the throne and send him back to where he has come from. Send him back? And he would just obey, go, would he? Find a peasant wife in Flanders, realize that's what he wanted all along. Maybe take up embroidery. That is not what I said. What, then? Because he will not give up the crown while he is breathing. Even if he wanted to, his mother would not let him. You have changed your tune. I thought you wanted him as dead as I do. Of course I did. I do. But would you kill a man so easily? A murderer. Doesn't that make you a murderer, too? Lizzie... You must smelt iron in your blood, if you are to be a queen and lead our house to victory. Your moves are far too obvious. He knows already that it was you who sent Lovell in with a knife. You will have us all thrown under lock and key, and how will that help York or victory? And the point is, whatever plan we make to fight him will be up to me. I am the Queen. Or soon will be. Not you. Well, at least now you're sounding like a queen. Lady Mother, you must return now to your rooms. Bishop Morton says so. I am to be held there until the King can decide what to do with me. He feels I am a threat to Tudor rule. Mine. Perhaps I'll need it. God bless us. If you eat bread, you won't die. Teddy, keep your plague mask on. - Warwick! - Earl Warwick! I'm Warwick! King Warwick! King Warwick! Dear Henry. Thank you for your letter but you judge me far too harshly. Whatever you may think, I had no knowledge of this threat against your person and no hand in it. If you knew me, then you'd know that this isn't something I would do. However we move through this mess we've made of England, know this, at least, it was not me. Your Grace. And now I know that my mother is imprisoned, I can rest assured that it was not her. So if England comes against you, you must look inside yourself to find the cause. Your wife in London. Lizzie. Lovell has fled. We tailed him as far as Middleham, but he, uh... We lost him. We should make haste to London. Why? We cannot continue the Progress. Unrest is breaking out. Some of your soldiers are changing sides, joining with the rebels. "Changing sides" to who though? There's no reason to unseat me if they have no other king to take my place! They're calling for the Earl of Warwick, Teddy. That fool boy over Henry? They say Henry is cursed by God. His reign will fail. He brought the Sweat, and England will die under him. It gives York hope. This cannot be allowed. It cannot. Here. Take this. Are they getting cured now, Maggie? I think so, Teddy. Well, they've stopped dying anyway. Edward of Warwick. Warwick! Earl of Warwick! His Grace the King orders that you be taken to the Tower. No! No! No! No, you can't! He's done nothing wrong! Please! No, you can't! - Teddy! - Maggie, Maggie help me! No! Maggie! Teddy! Maggie! Maggie! Teddy! Teddy! Lizzie, they've taken Teddy! You have to help him! What? He's in the Tower, Lizzie. You have to tell them that you told us to give all the food and the money... That isn't why they've taken him, you idiot. Use your head. He is a York boy, Maggie. He is a threat to Henry because people might prefer him on the throne. You knew of this. My Lady the King's Mother writes to me with news. She told me it would be for Henry's safety. Cecily, he is our cousin. And Henry is my brother-in-law and King. So if I must choose within my family, I would rather choose the side that I am afraid of. Get out. Get out! I will make sure they let him out. You can't. They will lock you up if you two try and leave the palace. Both of you. Lizzie. You know what they do to York boys in the Tower. Please don't let them kill him like they did your brothers! They only killed one brother. Richard escaped, but now we don't know where he is. Maggie. Maggie! You must not speak of it. We have to help him. Please. Shh. How glorious do I look now? Skulking home in shame like the exile that I am, because I brought the Sweat to England. The boy has been locked up and will be dealt with. We shall set up a private guard to keep you safe. I feel as if everything I say is wrong. Lord knows, I do not deserve to be mistreated after everything I have done for him. Guards! Guards! Get back! Get back from the King! Are you deaf? Get back! Jasper... We ride on. Move aside. Let us through! Bless you for your kindness. King Henry... He's merciful. The King has shown us mercy. Thank you! She broke into the palace treasure room. You brought this on yourself, you know. He will be angry as he should be. Please ask him to let Teddy out. She threatened the royal heir's life and I feared she would use witchcraft. Where is she? Punish her, Henry. Severely. She must not get away with this. You cannot leave people dying in the streets when we have a means to help them. I will take whatever punishment you give me. You make it look so easy. You know just what to do to make them love you. You reap what you sow, Henry. You rule with fear and you will only get dissent and hatred in return. You take before a man will give and you will never win him, no matter what he may pretend. My mother says the opposite. Was it her order to lock my cousin in the Tower? Or was it yours? He is a York boy. They were calling for him, shouting that they would support him over me. What else could I do? You know the answer. If you want their love then you should release him. Will you please allow my mother from that room? I must assume I cannot trust her. So I am to be separated from her? Do you really think she has your best interests at heart, Lizzie? Teddy is no threat to you. You know that in your heart. Of course he is a threat. He is beloved. England hates me! You may be assured of that. The only hearts I won on Progress were due to you. They thanked me for your actions. They fell down on their knees and they praised me. I owe you my thanks. If only we could work together, we could be a king for England. But you hate me... and always will. Lovell has fled to Burgundy. The Duchess is emboldened by the news from Progress and has taken three more ships. Burgundy has become a rebel stronghold. - We will send an army. - No. Not an army, Mother. A peace envoy. We'll send my husband, and his son Lord Strange. No. I will not deprive you of your husband. It would be too hard on you, after everything you've done for me. Jasper may form the envoy with Lord Strange. He doesn't have a wife to miss him or anyone to pine for. Marvelous. I couldn't face weeks on the road and two rough channel crossings. Did you punish her... for stealing the Palace gold? It will be a nice trip for you. I never thought I'd live to see Burgundy. I thanked her. I would go in your place, but His Grace commands it. Did you ask him, Lizzie? Did you ask? I'm sorry. He will not release him. Well, may I visit him at least? Not yet. It will take time. But, Maggie, I think I have learned a way to work my will on Henry. A way to help us win. I pray that he's a boy. Maybe when you've given Henry a son and heir, he won't fear poor Teddy anymore. Henry? There is something that I would like to... Give me your hand. Kicking. You will submit to your confinement. Until the child is born. A king may make his own rules and elect to visit if he so wishes. Only if he wishes to displease the Holy Lord his God. Excitement stimulates the womb. We cannot take a risk with your heir. It will be your choice, Henry. Synchro: Peterlin 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 