The White Princess: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The White Princess 
 s1e6 - English Blood on English Soil - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The White Princess (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - English Blood on English Soil - full transcript 
 King Henry VII and Lizzie travel to Spain in an attempt to secure their son's betrothal. Meanwhile, unrest has been growing in Burgundy and spills over into an English battle. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ELIZABETH: Previously on The White Princess... DUCHESS OF BURGUNDY: "For seven years support has grown in Europe "for Prince Richard. "Soon he will be ready to come against Henry." The Duchess of Burgundy has invited me to be a guest at her court. I shall send you in my stead. Richard was my brother. And I miss him every day. But that boy is not him. ELIZABETH: My son, Prince Richard, who is alive and well in Burgundy... God makes you sick as punishment for your lies. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Proof of treachery from their own hands. Sir William Stanley. I am loyal to the rightful king! Richard of York! The princes. One of them got away. You killed them. I did not! You ordered it. I cannot know for certain if it was carried out. JASPER: Henry needs to know what is done in his name. Help me, Lord. [ theme music playing ] Before I die... You are not a king, nor fit to be one. England rots beneath you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Men weep. So, kill me. And you will kill many others after me. Men who will line up to say, "Long live the true, able "King... Richard." [ thuds ] Arthur. You will never wear the crown if you cannot watch a traitor die. If the man who won the field at Bosworth for me could betray me, then... The rest are loyal. Are they? Are you? Of course I am. I saw your face. The day of Harry's ennobling banquet. When your mother said your brother Richard lives. You couldn't look at me. As you can't now. Henry, we... We... [ sighs ] I wanted to tell you. Oh, God. Please. What my mother said, there was some truth in it! We put a servant boy in the Tower in my brother Richard's place and we sent him off to safety. When you sent soldiers to bring me to Westminster as your wife, my brother was with us. We hid him when your men arrived. [ sighs ] Then you have lied to me. For years. No. We have heard nothing from him since. My mother wrote to half of Europe searching for him. Anywhere he could have gone she begged for word, and nobody knew anything. He'd vanished. Then we learned that the soldiers tore our house apart. Slaughtered every boy they found. And then we understood the silence. That is how I know the boy in Burgundy is just another fraud. My brother is dead. Dead? Dead. Yet you have never told me this before. When we first wed, I was full of malice. Then my reasons for not telling you changed. I convinced myself I was shielding you. From what? Fear. So the boy is not Richard. No. Then who is he? Because his marriage to the Scottish girl is underway. And when the wedding feast is done, whoever he may be, he wants my kingdom. [ priest reciting in Latin ] DUCHESS OF BURGUNDY: Not just King James of Scotland. There are faces from every royal house in Europe. Apart from Spain. They're busy with their newfound world and wealth. They would not trouble themselves with our small lives. Perhaps they're more inclined to Tudor's side? What can Tudor offer them? PRIEST: Amen. [ crowd murmuring ] Thank you. Thank you. You are very beautiful. CATHY: I'm very lucky. It was hard to leave her. Her peace as she lies sleeping. Her beauty will look even better on the throne of England. And peace comes after war. Has King James of Scotland said he will support me? There is no surety of it. Your cause is your own affair and waging war on England may seem to him too high a cost in gold and men. You must rejoin the celebrations. Work hard with him, and the other heads of state. But we must have Scotland or we'll fail before we start. Elizabeth sends funds. Your mother. And I shall furnish you with ecus from my own gold stores. It is a start. KING HENRY TUDOR: I miss him too. I wish that he were here to share his wisdom with me. I'm lost without him. But three months have passed and... I cannot bear to... [ takes deep breath ] I cannot lose you and my uncle. [ door opens ] Please. [ sobbing quietly ] She feels Jasper's death quite keenly. Mmm. This has come for you, Your Grace. From Burgundy. KING HENRY TUDOR: Ah. My men in Burgundy have unmasked him. The boy is the son of a boatman from Tournai and his name is Perkin Warbeck. Writing my letter to Scotland will be a joy. Let's see how it pleases King James to learn that he has shamed his cousin by marrying her to Sir No One from Nowhere. Scotland will throw him back to where he came from and Europe will deny they ever met with him. [ chuckles ] What is it? My mother writes to me again. Bids me visit. You are good, Maggie, to come to me when even my own daughter won't. We were coming to London to visit Teddy anyway. You saw him. Didn't you? My son, Prince Richard. Has he grown very fair? We saw a pretender, Your Grace. Nothing more. I fear that I shall die before I lay my own eyes on him. Or see my Lizzie again. [ gasps ] Please. Bid her come to me. [ speaking Spanish ] MAGGIE: Lizzie. [ lesson continues in Spanish ] We have not had a chance to speak in private since my trip to Burgundy. What would we speak of, Maggie? Traitors to my husband's reign? The nightmares that my son has had since he witnessed the beheading of a man he loved? I'm told you've been to see my mother once again. She wants to see you, Lizzie. She's unwell. I suppose she is still writing to my aunt in Burgundy? We have abandoned our attempts to stop it. Better that we let her do it and have the monks make copies so we know what web she weaves. She did show me a letter she had just received. Everyone in Europe has accepted him. They all came to the wedding. [ chuckles ] Apart from Spain. Your aunt writes, "Isabella is so lofty "with her newfound wealth and self-importance..." Spain did not attend? You are certain of it? It was in the letter. So will you visit her then? Lizzie? We must settle Arthur's betrothal. [ door closes ] To the Princess Catherine of Aragon. Alone of all of Europe, Spain refused to meet the boy. Perhaps they have no interest with their new vast lands and riches but... You've always said that Arthur is too young and that he will choose his wife for love. Well, now I am saying he is old enough. She is reputed to be beautiful. Mmm. It would give him something good to dwell on and ally us with the strongest force in Europe. SIR THOMAS: If Europe backed the boy, they would've matched him with a far more powerful wife than third cousin-to-the-left of the ruler of the poorest land in Christendom. There simply isn't a threat. Mm. The Queen is right. If we can come to terms with Isabella of Castile, then none would dare to wake that sleeping giant, now, or in the future. It would be the best deterrent. And the dowry would be significant. We will not leave it to a letter. We will go there in person. Bless me, Cardinal Morton... For I have sinned. [ sniffles ] You are the most devout of our savior's subjects. God... He hates me. He has deserted me. I went to Jasper. He was dying. I could not... [ sighs ] You couldn't save him, no. But you tried to. I did not try. BISHOP MORTON: But it is God who calls us mortal men to Heaven when he chooses. No act of ours can change that. Your sacrifice for him has been immense. Losing those we love can test our faith. A pilgrimage will help you find your way. Rededicate yourself to God. Pay alms to the abbeys. Luke chapter 11, verse 41. "Give as alms what is within, "and everything will be clean to you." [ indistinct shouting ] RICHARD POLE: Godspeed, Your Grace. We're returning to our home in Wales. I have an honor to bestow upon you. I'll make you Gentleman of the Privy Chamber to Arthur, Prince of Wales. You'll be his tutor and his guardian in my absence. It will be my pleasure. I can think of no one better than a loyal Tudor soldier who reminds me of my uncle. Well, we will take him home with us today. No, you will stay here with him at the palace, Lady Pole. But... Our son is... KING HENRY TUDOR: He will be brought here. I will send men to collect him. Of course, Your Grace. Will we tend to Prince Harry as well? KING HENRY TUDOR: He will be left in my mother's care. She is fond of him and he may pull her from her grief. They're going on a pilgrimage together. Small mercies anyway. Harry's a handful. I know you hate to be at court but we'll make more time for Teddy while we're here. And before you know it, we'll be back home again. MARGARET: First we will go to Wimborne Minster. Where I grew up and where my father is buried. Was he a king? He was a sinner. Sometimes I fear God is punishing me for it. Why couldn't I go to Spain with Father? Or stay with Arthur? You are the second son. While your brother will be king, you may be pope. And answer only to the Lord, your God. As we all must, in the end. Scotland brings you one step closer to your kingdom. But... [ sighs ] As they have yet to pledge their support, you will need to bring your York charm into play. [ sighs ] Make him happy. But not so happy he forgets his cause. It is a shared cause now. And I will loan to him whatever strength he needs. And keep some for yourself. And make that child a boy. Lady Grandmother, do not fear for me. This work is God's work. And He will decide the outcome. I doubt sometimes that it is even him. You have had seven years of calling him your grandson. [ stammers ] But the boy I knew had different eyes. I'm sure they were green. His brother Edward had the green eyes. Richard, always blue. You're afraid of losing him. As I am. As we all are. But his destiny is to destroy that creature Henry Tudor and bring us back our peace. Is it? Or is it just your vengeance that would take another innocent boy's life? King Henry. Queen Elizabeth. I am Rodrigo de Puebla. Welcome to the Alhambra. RODRIGO: Your Graces. Princess Catalina of Aragon. * ** Your Graces. I present Queen Isabel de Castilla and King Fernando de Aragon. Protectors of the Catholic Faith. Our country's beloved mother and father. Your Graces. I present King Henry VII of England and his Queen, Elizabeth. Thank you for the wonderful dancing. We are most charmed by your daughter. We are honored to visit your most beautiful palace. It has long been my wish to form an alliance between our two great nations with a marriage of our son and heir, Prince Arthur, and Princess Catherine. [ speaking Spanish ] [ speaking English ] You saw our daughter, Catalina. She's beautiful and rich. Daughter to the mightiest land in Europe. [ speaking Spanish ] [ speaking English ] She says both Arthur and Catherine are very young. She wishes for a papal dispensation. That will take time. So she will write to the Pope and he will grant it, and we will have our alliance. If her wishes are met, then yes. [ praying in Latin ] [ praying in Latin ] More masses for his soul. Why did you give the priest gold? What did you buy from him? In giving, I find grace. If you dedicate yourself to God then everything you do will be His will. Though you may sometimes doubt him His will is the light that guides your hand in everything you do. Even when the thing you do is costly to your person. How many do we have to visit? As many as it takes to hear His voice. Richard. You're getting closer. You're coming home. [ gasps ] What is it? The boy has crossed the River Tweed at Coldstream. King James rides with him, and his army. No! Wake Prince Arthur. We'll take him to the royal apartment in the Tower for his safety. HENRY: But Father said the Scottish wouldn't come. Have you sent word to him? He'll be met at the docks with news. MAGGIE: Teddy? Teddy? Teddy? This is your cousin, Prince Arthur. Did you sin too? MAGGIE: Nobody sinned. What are you doing? KOFI: My Lady the King's Mother. I've come to hasten you to Beaulieu. We are going there on pilgrimage. You must come quickly. Cornwall has risen up and they are marching this way bound for London, armed with pikes and staffs. Cornwall? They are angry at the new tax. Scotland has invaded, and now Englishmen are taxed to pay for soldiers to defend us. They say the York Pretender leads the Scottish into England. Oh, he cannot. No, he cannot. KOFI: Please, come quickly. [ crowd yelling outside ] You were very kind to bring us here to safety. Who knows what would've happened if you hadn't ridden out to us. We would never enter heaven if we did not save you and the Prince from harm. You have no library here. I will have one built and stocked for you. You're very kind, Your Grace. We are in your debt. When they have passed, we will return to London. God does not smile upon my pilgrimage. [ crowd yelling outside ] How many? How many does the boy have with him? We believe it is 4,000. All Scottish, or have others joined his cause now too? They say the boy has 1,400 mercenaries from Germany and Flanders. BISHOP MORTON: A tax was levied to raise the funds to pay our men. We are mustering. But the Cornish are up in arms about the tax, and men must be dispatched to quell them too. Well, they feel the Scottish borders are a long way from their door and they shouldn't have to pay for a war that isn't their concern. The leaders are camped on Blackheath hoping the men of Kent will rise with them. So I cannot muster from Cornwall, or from Kent. Anywhere else? Is Essex with me? Suffolk? Or is all the south and southwest lost to me? Send men to quell the Cornish and have the rest made ready to ride north with me. And Spain, Your Grace? Is Spain with us? Mark the names of those who do not come, they are against me. Hire mercenaries to boost our numbers. We have no allies. Where is my son? Prince Arthur? He is in the Tower, Your Grace. For his safety. And Prince Harry returns from his pilgrimage with My Lady the King's Mother. They are under guard. I have never gone to battle without Jasper. He's still with you, Henry. His strength rides with you onto the battlefield. And so does mine. I will return to you a victor. I prayed, Henry. I was obedient to the Lord. But now the boy has come against you... Harry? Come. ELIZABETH: Find my son. Prince Richard. Give him what he needs to win. To fight. To stay alive. We've protected all the sentries. KING HENRY TUDOR: Come. This way. Wait. Listen. [ indistinct voice ] KING HENRY TUDOR: Where are they? [ soldiers mumbling ] [ Elizabeth sighs ] It is over. He withdrew. Henry. [ exhales ] He did not have the will to fight me. He could not bring himself to take up arms against God's own annointed king. What, and so he ran? [ laughs ] Well, then he is not a York. No York man would ever run from battle. No one will believe his claim again. [ both sighing and moaning ] [ gasping ] I never thought that we would have this. But we do. And none shall take it from us. What was he thinking? After all that I've done for him? He leaves the battlefield to greet an infant. Her time came early. He was fearful. King James says that he has had his money wasted. He is threatening to make his peace with Tudor. The boy should not have done this. He does as he pleases. He is behaving... Behaving like a... A king? A king who now has a son. A York heir. [ chuckles ] Henry will be murderous. [ chuckling ] He didn't run away. He left to see his newborn son. A son? He has an heir. MARGARET: No. And with that, his claim is strengthened, false as it is, and others will declare for him. Well, he withdrew. Perhaps he will not come again. He'll come. We don't know where or when, but he will come. And I must pray the nobles will support me because the new tax on the peasants will ensure that they do not. We need Spain more than ever. I will pray. [ praying indistinctly ] Oh, My Lady! My Lady! There are over 50. All of England's noble families must turn out for you. And I have written to ensure that they will. Your mother is dying. You must go to her. I regret that I did not see Jasper. He asked for me. And I shall never know what he would have said to me. Go. The boy has done what I would in his shoes. He sailed from Scotland to Land's End and 8,000 Cornish men have joined him, out of hate for me. My army gathers. I must go to them. [ sighs ] I waited for you. I'm here. What we have lived through together. [ sobbing ] Now Melusina sings for me. No. No, she doesn't. Please, Lizzie. Be there for your brother. He is gone, Mother. You think I have not been fair to you. It doesn't matter, I love you, Mother. Stay with me. Help Richard. [ sniffles ] Keep him from danger. Promise me you will. Richard is gone. He is coming, Lizzie. I feel it. Can you hear her singing? [ sobbing ] No. No! [ gasping ] Mother, please! [ sobbing ] Go, Cathy. It's time. Take our son and claim sanctuary. Promise me you will win back your kingdom. I will come for you both when I have won. [ baby gurgles ] Go. Go. [ indistinct conversations in German ] SOLDIER: Hey! [ speaking German ] LORD STRANGE: Queen Elizabeth. KING HENRY TUDOR: What do you mean, they've deserted me? SIR THOMAS: So few of them turned out for you that the ones who did feel torn and say they will not fight their own kind. Henry. Lizzie. She is gone. I had to see you. You rode all through the night. The noblemen whom I wrote to did not come? They claim the swelling sickness. Something else to blame me for. What? Since Spain is not with us they feel we are alone in all of Europe, while the boy has every kingdom and my own men flocking to his side. No. No, they are traitors. They will not do this. My Lords! My Lords! Do you know me? Of course, Your Grace. You are the Queen of England. Then listen to your Queen when I command you! England is invaded by a pretender and the Scots! Since when have Englishmen feared Gaels and Celts and run from warfare with their tails between their legs? They say he is the true king, Richard of York. If he were Richard, he would be my brother and I would tell you so myself! But he is here to kill your kin and rob England of what was never his! If you fear God then you will honor your true king, Henry Tudor! And if you will not do it for your King then do it for me! The daughter of Edward IV and Queen Elizabeth Woodville, who has just passed from this life into God's hands. Your men are here and they support you. When this battle is over you will live in peace with your families knowing that you have done your duty to your King, your God, and to your Queen. [ cheering ] How can I thank you? Come back to me. To us. You must go. The guards will take you back to London. Henry, I... [ sighs ] Tell me afterwards. Guards, shields! Shields! Shields up! March! [men yelling and clamoring] Where did he run? Where is the boy? * [ laughing ] [ indistinct conversations ] You won, Henry. He withdrew, this is good news. You think this is the end of it? That he won't raise more men and then return? What? ** What is it? He's claimed sanctuary. The boy? Where is he? At Beaulieu Abbey. So I cannot even send my men to bring him to me? MARGARET: Not men. I can do it. God's ways are mysterious indeed. Now I understand my pilgrimage. He confirms that what I do is God's work and my calling is to be the guardian of his reign. Abbot. Please bring out the boy. We know that he is here. My Lady the King's Mother... [ sighs ] We could not refuse him sanctuary. You did what any holy man would do. But your allegiance is to God and to the King. And I am on God's work. You will find the definition in the Bible, in your library. Has he something else to wear? We could give him holy robes. Disrobe. Exchange your clothes with him. Your impudence offends the Lord. Take those garments off. I've won a king, and that makes three. Harry, show your cards or stop cheating. I wasn't cheating. My Lady, Your Grace. A message from your Lady Mother. She has the boy. [ exhales ] [ door closes ] PRINCE HARRY: I win. Synchro: Peterlin [ theme music playing ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 