America's Got Talent: Season 15, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America's Got Talent 
 s15e9 - Judge Cuts - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America's Got Talent (2006–…): Season 15, Episode 9 - Judge Cuts - full transcript 
 Simon, Heidi, Howie and Sofia review some of their favorite acts from the auditions and reveal who will proceed to the Live Shows. 10 acts are chosen to perform remotely, and five of those ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [dramatic music] [cheers and applause] ‐ This is what I wanna see when I watch "America's Got Talent." [cheers and applause] ‐ You just changed your life. ‐ Unbelievable. ‐ This is, uh, an audition I will never forget for the whole of my life. ‐ What they did today, it fooled me. To this point right now... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ ♪ Voices of Our City! Roberta Battaglia! Cristina Rae! Brandon Leake! W.A.F.F.L.E. Crew! Let's go! ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ ‐ It's now or never. [echoing] It's now or never. Time to make a decision. ♪ ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ‐ It's about to go down. ‐ It's so hard. ‐ Hey! ‐ You're moving on. all: Yeah! ‐ Unfortunately, you did not make it to the live show. ‐ This is breaking my heart right now. We just couldn't make up our minds. You have to audition again. ♪ ♪ ‐ Whoa! ‐ Yes, yes, yes, yes! ‐ Oh, no, Alexa! [both singing] ‐ That was a nightmare. ‐ It has to be a yes. ‐ I don't think it's a yes. ‐ What? ‐ Are you kidding me? ‐ No, no, no, no. I don't want to do this. ‐ ♪ Ready or not, here I come ♪ ‐ Are you ready to win this? ‐ This could be [indistinct] at your shot here. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [power tool whirring] ‐ Hi, Sofía. ‐ Wow, you look cool. ‐ Hi, Simon. ‐ Nice wheels. ‐ You look like James Bond. ‐ Yeah. It's a really nice car. [horn blaring melody] [engine creaking] [car clucking] ‐ Are you serious? [engine revs] ‐ Hello, ladies. ‐ Amazing. ‐ Hi. ‐ Horrible. ‐ This is for the [indistinct]. ‐ There's no [indistinct]. [laughter] ♪ ♪ ‐ It's actually worse from this angle. ‐ Don't start judging yet, Simon. Wait till we see some talent. ‐ There they are. Welcome, judges. How's everybody doing? ‐ How are you? ‐ All you guys look amazing. Look at this. ‐ Here we go again. ‐ Wow. ‐ Isn't this incredible? ‐ IT. ‐ This is amazing. ‐ Look at this. ‐ This is beautiful. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ [laughing] [Richard Strauss' "Also Sprach Zarathustra"] ‐ OMG. That's not big enough. [laughter] ‐ It's fine. I think it's pretty big. ‐ It's amazing. It's perfect. ‐ No, it's like my TV in my bathroom. I want a bigger one. [laughter] ‐ This is amazing. ‐ Is this the first time you've seen each other since the auditions? ‐ This is the first time I've seen another human being outside of my own house. ‐ [laughs] Oh, my God. ‐ [sighs] ‐ Wow. ‐ Well, Simon. ‐ Yeah? ‐ It's a big day today. ‐ It's time to make a decision. ‐ Yeah. ‐ That's right. First of all, we had the best year ever at the auditions. ‐ Yeah, I agree. ‐ Take a look at all those acts on the screen. Take a look. ‐ Wow. ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ [clapping] ‐ You said yes to all of them. All of them. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ Tonight, we need to decide who is gonna make it to the live shows. Now we already know five are making it to the lives thanks to the Golden Buzzer. ‐ Yeah. ‐ But not everyone can make it to the live shows. Tonight, you're gonna have to eliminate nearly half the acts that got a yes in the auditions. So you're going to have to review all the acts again. ‐ And it's in our hands. This is gonna be difficult. ‐ Oh. ‐ That's a lot. ‐ So judges, it's time to get down to business, and take a look back at some of the auditions. ‐ Here we go, guys. [dramatic music] ‐ My name is Alan. ‐ Oh, I remember him. ‐ I love to perform. But people always told me that I should just be a clown because of my size. [cheering wildly] ‐ Whoa! ‐ I mean, I don't love this kind of act normally. But he is unbelievable. ‐ Go, bud, go! ‐ I love him. Do you know how many people we put through? 100 people. ‐ Wow. ‐ Is that true? ‐ Yeah. ‐ How are we gonna do this tonight? This is gonna be such a difficult pick. [dramatic music] ‐ No! ‐ Wow. ‐ I think as scary as they are, we need these kind of danger acts. [cheers and applause] ‐ Yes. ‐ Yeah. I have one issue. ‐ What's that? ‐ That is lack of personality. ‐ No. I want him! This is cool. ‐ I've been watching "AGT." I'm the biggest fan. ‐ I love him. ‐ But do we have better acts? [all harmonizing] ‐ We are Resound. ‐ Oh, yes! I remember them! Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. ‐ No. No, no, no, no, no. ‐ They're real good. ‐ What do you mean? ‐ Can I just say something? ‐ You don't? ‐ Howie, just say yes. ‐ Say yes. ‐ No‐‐not yet. Don't have to say yes yet. ‐ Ugh. ‐ Show us more. ‐ I'm Brody. I'm 15. ‐ And I'm Alex. I'm 17. ‐ And we're the Brothers Gage. [playing harmonica] ‐ They were fun. ‐ You know what? I don't know. It's harmonica. ‐ Where do they go with this? ‐ So let's put them in the maybe pile, okay? But not in the no pile. ♪ ♪ ‐ When you're chasing your dream, it's really difficult. And that's why I came on "America's Got Talent." ‐ Love him. ‐ I think Malik is dope. ‐ I'm Simon. ‐ And I'm Maria. ‐ I loved them. ‐ They were fun. ‐ I‐‐I just‐‐ ‐ What? ‐ Right now, I just can't say definitely. ‐ I think we need to see them perform again here at Judge Cuts. ‐ Okay. ‐ What is your name? ‐ Annie. ‐ [singing] ‐ Sweet kid, talented. I don't think they're ready. It's a no for me. ‐ Howie, I don't think you know what you're talking about. Seriously? The one in the middle? Come on. ‐ My name is Noah Epps. I'm 11 years old. And I'm a dancer. ‐ Am I a real boy? No, I'm not. ‐ Can I show you something? ‐ Go ahead. ‐ He's had somewhere in the region of 72 million views. ‐ But is that worthy of moving on? Are we gonna see something else? ‐ I think yes. ‐ My name is Jonathan Goodwin. [dramatic music] ‐ I cannot judge him based on that. I think he's got potential but I'd love to see him do something [indistinct]. ‐ So let's see him again. ‐ We are the Dancetown Family. ‐ Yeah! ‐ I wanted to see a whole show. ‐ It's so hard to compare one of these online submissions against somebody on a shiny floor. [cheers and applause] ‐ I can't see it. You're gonna get acid reflux. ‐ Yes! ‐ Can I be honest? ‐ Yes. ‐ I don't think it's a yes. ‐ Are you kidding me? ‐ What? ‐ I think‐‐Sofía, I'm not just saying this. Without you... ‐ He gets something‐‐ ‐ That's absolutely it. ‐ There is no act. ‐ You guys don't know what it is to swallow a sword. ‐ [laughs] Well, good point. ‐ No, he has to‐‐ he has to move on. ‐ I'm gonna attempt to control your mind through the screen. You're controlling it? We're not just doing it. ‐ I really like this guy. ‐ I don't know that he sticks out more than a lot of the other magic we have. ‐ I remember this one. ‐ Ryan Tricks. ‐ What do you imagine holding? ‐ A cookie. ‐ Take off your blindfold, and have a look at what I just handed Simon. A cookie. There we go. ‐ I thought the other one was better. ‐ Yeah, I agree. ‐ I think this kid's got something. There's a charisma. ‐ Why don't we bring them both back? And we can decide. [dramatic music] ‐ I love them. And our audience loves animals. ‐ And we don't have a lot this year. ‐ No. Whoa! ‐ I remember them. Jennifer and Daiquiri, they were very cute. ‐ I don't know. ‐ What? ‐ Just because of the few spots we have. ‐ Where are they going to perform? In Vegas? ‐ I mean, we've never had dogs that can do magic before. Both: ♪ N to the I to the N to the J A, NINJA ♪ ‐ I wasn't there for this, but I remember watching it on TV. I like them. I don't have that much love. ‐ Are you kidding me? Can I just say? I need to see them again. ‐ Why? ‐ Let's see them one more time, and we can make a decision. ‐ Hello. I'm Chicken Scratch Sam. Maybe I'll get a job as a crossing guard because of my impeccable record. [laughter] ‐ What were you guys thinking when I wasn't here? ‐ [squawks] ‐ Heidi, I understand why you can't be here today. You are a "Sports Illustrated" model, and I'm sure you're off on their Senior store. [laughter] ‐ I love him. ‐ He was great. I loved him. ‐ I just want him to come to the live shows and insult us. ‐ Yes. ‐ I think we need more standups on the show. ‐ Man, this show better be funny. [laughter] ‐ You ever hear somebody's name? ‐ Yes! ‐ And then know immediately that this person is a better lover than you? Alejandro. I'm like, "No!" [laughter] You‐‐you couldn't be with a Simon? You couldn't do a Simon? ‐ He's a no, right? All: No. ‐ What's your name? ‐ Ty Barnett. I knew I was getting older by the way when I started rooting against the kids in scary movies. ‐ [laughing] ‐ His personality was great. But I think it wasn't a million dollar act. ‐ Comedy is subjective. He deserves another shot. ‐ ♪ Falling in the footsteps ♪ ‐ Oh, I remember Ashley. ‐ I mean, come on. ‐ I wanna clap again for her. [laughter] [clapping] ‐ [singing] ‐ [indistinct]. Audience went nuts in the room that day. ‐ [singing] ‐ Yes, Kelvin. Yes, yes, yes. ‐ Please, yes. ‐ You think the one on the right, left, or middle's gonna win? ‐ I want all of them to win. ‐ You can't like everyone. ‐ ♪ Sunshine ♪ ‐ What are you gonna be singing for us tonight? ‐ Tonight, it's a song called "Lost." It's the first song I wrote sober. ‐ I think when we saw him, he was not in the best of places. I would love to see if there's been a transformation in him before we commit to the live shows. ‐ ♪ Why? ♪ ‐ Who are you, please? Both: Double Dragon. ‐ I remember them. ‐ When we saw them, we had a seen a string... both: Of terrible acts. ‐ So following a string of terrible acts, sometimes you think, "Oh. It's just because the bar was so low." ‐ No, don't even‐‐ ‐ No, no. ‐ Really? Okay. ‐ [singing] ‐ Shaquira is a yes. Or I'm going home. ‐ It's a yes. ‐ I‐‐look, my only... ‐ No, no, no, no, no. ‐ Slight issue is... ‐ Nein, nein, nein. ‐ We have so many good singers. ‐ I'm Kenadi Dodds. And I'm 15 years old from Logan, Utah. ‐ [singing] ‐ I think we all agree on Kenadi. ‐ Yes. ‐ But I just think we should see Shaquira again at Judge Cuts. ‐ My name is Vincent Marcus. And I do impressions. ‐ Have you done it in front of a live audience? ‐ Never. ♪ Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb ♪ ♪ Mary had a little lamb who's fleece was white as snow ♪ ‐ I like him a lot. ‐ I think you're taking away a spot from somebody who could possibly win. ‐ Come on! He has to be there again. ‐ My name is Celina. I struggled a lot with being accepted for the way that I look. [singing] ‐ Born to be on the stage. ‐ Yeah. ‐ ♪ Don't pretend that I need it ♪ ‐ I just think that this looked a little nervous and stiff to me. ‐ Ahem. ‐ Aww, Thomas Day. ‐ Do you wanna take that no back? ‐ Maybe. ‐ [singing] ‐ Yes. ‐ Yes. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ I was just incarcerated for 37 years for somebody else crime. ♪ Frozen here ♪ DNA freed me. ‐ [sighs] ‐ I am obsessed with him. ‐ And Elton John himself phoned him. ‐ No! ‐ Yes. ‐ What? ‐ How did I not know this? ‐ ♪ It's like the sun going ♪ ‐ This is gonna be tough. ‐ Ugh. ‐ It's gonna be hard. ‐ There are too many good people. ♪ ♪ ‐ Coming up... ‐ I don't think it's a yes. ‐ Are you kidding me? ‐ What? ‐ This is breaking my heart right now. There are ten acts remaining, but we've only got five places. We are gonna ask you to perform again. At Judge Cuts. ‐ [singing] ‐ Your competitiveness is above and beyond. ‐ This is the closest I've saw someone kill themselves. ‐ No! ‐ Oh! ‐ [squeals] ‐ Okay. Here we go. ‐ So that's it. After reviewing all the auditions again, the judges are deliberating on who's making it to the live shows. Who's going home? And who will have to perform again? ‐ All right. About two minutes away, okay? ‐ Thank you. ‐ Sofía. You know, when you're saying no to someone who you like, it is torture. [dramatic music] ‐ It's about to go down. ‐ Okay, so first up is Jennifer and Daiquiri. ‐ Here we go. So first up in Celina [indistinct]. ‐ Ugh. [dramatic acoustic music] ‐ Hello. ‐ Hi. ‐ How are you, Celina? ‐ I am so nervous. [laughs] ‐ Look. The truth is we put 100 people through. And we have to lose about 60 percent. ‐ Right. ‐ I'm just gonna get straight to the point. You are one of those people who are gonna be sailing through to the next round and the live shows. ‐ [sobbing] ‐ ♪ I see everything you can be ♪ ‐ Aww, this is beautiful. ‐ I'm so excited for you! [laughter] ‐ I've wanted this for‐‐ for so long. I just wanted a chance. ‐ Mwah! Good luck. ‐ She's special. ‐ She is special. ‐ I loved her from the moment... ‐ Me too. ‐ Yeah. ‐ When she walked on that stage. ♪ ♪ ‐ Hello. ‐ Hi, Simon. The‐‐I had a routine for you for Judge's Cuts. And we're really hoping we could show everybody what we can do. ♪ ♪ ‐ Look, unfortunately, you won't. ‐ You were great. And you did deliver. It just so happens that a lot of people deliver. And you know. ‐ I know. ‐ "AGT" at first was just something to show you guys what we can do and to be up on the big stage. But now it's the difference between making it and not making it. And it's‐‐it's all we've got right now. ♪ ♪ ‐ This is breaking my heart right now. ‐ Hm. ‐ Let's not give up hope. ‐ Kay. ‐ All the best to you. ‐ You guys were great. [acoustic music] ‐ Aww. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ [sighs] ‐ That was a nightmare. Malik, I'm not gonna beat around the bush. This was one of the quickest yeses we had today. You are gonna join us on the live shows. ‐ Yes, yes! ‐ ♪ I see everything you can be ♪ ‐ Yeah, let's get it! [laughs] ‐ ♪ I see the beauty that you can't see ♪ ‐ Let's get it, man. Yeah! ‐ Yes! ‐ Hey! ‐ Ooh, wow. So many. ‐ You guys deserve to go ahead to the live shows! [all cheering, squealing] ‐ ♪ I see everything you can be ♪ ♪ I see the beauty that you can't see ♪ ♪ On the nights you feel outnumbered ♪ ‐ Hello there, Broken Roots. ‐ Hi, Muy Moi. ‐ With you, it was not unanimous. And unfortunately, you guys did not make it to the live shows. And I'm really, really sorry that I have to tell you guys that. ♪ ♪ ‐ I don't like saying no. ‐ I know. Me either. ‐ ♪ Don't tell me this is all for nothing ♪ ♪ I can only tell you one thing ♪ ‐ That's hard. [sighs] ‐ ♪ On the nights you feel outnumbered ♪ ♪ Baby, I'll be out there somewhere ♪ ‐ Hi, Kameron. ‐ Hi, Kelvin. ‐ Hi, Feng. This was not a clear cut decision. But ultimately... you're going to the live shows! ‐ ♪ Don't tell me this is all for nothing ♪ [all cheering] ♪ I can only tell you one thing ♪ ‐ [laughing] ‐ Hi, everyone! ‐ Hi! [all squealing] ♪ ♪ ‐ The decision is... we will be seeing you in the live shows. ‐ ♪ I see everything you can be ♪ [all cheering] ‐ Oh, my! ‐ Oh, my God. Oh, my God. ‐ ♪ I see the beauty that you can't see ♪ ‐ Congratulations. ‐ Thank you so much. Thank you. ‐ Whoa! ‐ Okay, we've got the next acts on standby. ‐ Hi, everyone. ‐ Hi. ‐ Hello, how are you? ‐ How are you? ‐ We've had a long night. And with you, we got to a point where we just couldn't make up our minds. And we are gonna ask you to perform again. And all I can say is the very best of luck. And we will be seeing you soon. [Zoe Wees's "Control"] ‐ ♪ Early in the morning ♪ ♪ I still get a little bit nervous ♪ ‐ Hi, Ashley. ‐ Hi. ‐ I wanna tell you that this‐‐ this decision was not unanimous. And this is really hard for me to say. But for now, it's a no. ‐ Don't give up because you're great, okay? ‐ Don't give up. ‐ You're beautiful. ‐ Okay, thank you. ‐ Okay? ‐ Thank you. ‐ Aww. ‐ Good‐bye. ♪ ♪ ‐ Aww, God. ‐ That's so hard. ‐ Wow. ‐ It's okay. ‐ ♪ Hurts when I remember and I never wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ God, it's like being on a rollercoaster sometimes. ‐ ♪ 'Cause I can't express how thankful I am ‐ There you are! Hi, Thomas Day! How are you? ‐ Hello! ‐ The decision we've made is... You will be joining us on the live shows. ‐ Yes! Let's go! ‐ Yes! ‐ Are you serious? [laughter] Let's go! ‐ You made it. You're going to the live show, Noah. ‐ Whoa. Let's go! [laughter] ‐ ♪ Nothing I can do anymore ♪ ‐ Double Dragon, kay, well you've had a long wait. And we've had a long day. Trust me. We don't believe we would have a great live final if we didn't have you in the live shows. ‐ What? What? What? [both screaming] What? Yeah! ‐ I knew those two were gonna get crazy. [both screaming] ‐ Yes, yes, yes! ‐ Mwah! ‐ We're going to the live show! ‐ There were just so many great, great acts that filled spots. So we ended with the decision that we need to see more. Each of you will need to perform again. Best of luck. ♪ ♪ ‐ Hi, Alan. ‐ How you doing? ‐ We have all decided that it's a yes for you. You're going. You're moving on. You're gonna be on the live show. ‐ Yay! I did it! [applause] [cheering] ‐ ♪ I don' wanna lose control ♪ ‐ Brett, see ya at the live show! ‐ Whoo! ‐ [laughing] ‐ Oh! Whoa! ‐ Thank you. ‐ Whoa! ‐ [laughing] ‐ How you doing, brother? What's going on? ‐ I'm good. How are you? ‐ Are you in New York? ‐ New York right now, man. ‐ Nice. Oh, man. So it's really late for you. At least I'm in LA. ‐ Here we go, guys. ‐ Alex, Usama, at this time in the world, laughter is the best medicine. ♪ ♪ And that's why you're going to the live show. ‐ Whoa! ‐ Yeah! Yeah! ‐ You're going through. [cheers and applause] [laughter] ‐ Let's go. I'm sorry, baby. ‐ Oh. You scared the baby. ‐ [laughing] ‐ High five, high five, high five, high five. ‐ Oh! [laughter] ‐ Whoo! Hello. ‐ Hello. ‐ Okay, I'm gonna say it immediately. You're going to the live show. Because I can't even, like‐‐yes. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ I mean, honestly. ‐ Thank you so much. Thank you. ‐ I love Luca. ‐ We have noticed. ‐ ♪ Spinning out in space pressing on my chest ♪ ♪ I don't wanna lose control ♪ [pig snorts] ‐ Hi there. [laughter] ‐ Love it. ‐ Do you wanna kiss mama one more time? ‐ Welp, that sounds like a yes. ‐ You're making it to the live show. ‐ Awesome! ‐ Yeah! ‐ Yay, buddy! Whoo‐hoo! ‐ Whoo‐hoo! ‐ Hi, Vincent. ‐ Hi. How are you guys? ‐ You're going to the live show. ‐ Yes. ‐ Yes! ‐ Whoa. ‐ Whoa. ‐ I almost fell out of my chair. ‐ ♪ I don't wanna lose control ♪ ‐ How you doing, Archie? ‐ I'm swell. How so everybody? ‐ Okay. I don't think we've ever seen such a reaction to an audition. Not just about your story, Archie, but actually your talent. We are thrilled to tell you you are through to the live show. [laughter] ‐ ♪ I don't wanna lose control ♪ ‐ Yeah, Archie! ‐ Thank you. ‐ ♪ Nothing I can do anymore ♪ ‐ I'm still looking for words to express my happiness. [chuckles] But I'm just so grateful. ‐ It has been an absolute honor having you on the show. It's the most amazing experience. ‐ I love you from the bottom of my heart. ‐ Aww. ‐ Does life get any better than this? ‐ ♪ I don't wanna lose control ♪ ‐ Now it's in America's hands. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Aww. ‐ Okay, judges. Some tough decisions there. Now let's talk to the acts who you asked to perform again. [dramatic music] ‐ Hey. Hi, guys. ‐ Hey, how you doing? ‐ How's it going? ‐ Hi. ‐ Hey! ‐ So all these acts are gonna get one more chance to nail a spot in the lives. Simon, talk to them. ‐ Um, look. There are ten acts. But the reality is we've only got five places remaining in the live shows. We'll do everything we can to give you some production assistance. We've never been in a situation like this before. I know time is tight. But every one of you genuinely has got a shot. We'll be seeing you very soon. ‐ Bye. ‐ Bye, guys! ‐ All right. ‐ Love you guys. [dramatic music] ‐ Take it out. ‐ See you soon, everybody. ‐ Coming up... ‐ Now. ‐ Oh! ‐ Oh, my God! ‐ This time around, you were even better. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Whoa! ‐ You've just given yourself a real shot here. ♪ ♪ ‐ Right now, I just can't say definitely. ‐ There are too many good people. ‐ There's too much "I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure." ‐ Can I just say? I need to see them again. [dramatic music] ‐ The judges are back. And they have some tough decisions to make. There are ten acts they couldn't decide on. So today, those ten acts are gonna perform one more time. But here's the kicker. The judges can only put five of them through. ‐ Only half? That's gonna be tough. ‐ It's gonna be difficult. ‐ It's gonna be very hard. ‐ Okay. Let's do this, guys. [dramatic music] ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you very much. ‐ So when do we use these? ‐ When you don't like someone. Can I do a test on? ‐ Yep. [buzzer] Oh, if you don't like me, you just bash me over the head. ‐ I can just give you one? ‐ Yeah. ‐ All right. First to step up, we've got Simon and Maria. [cheers and applause] Here we go. ‐ Hi, guys. I'm so excited that you guys are here. ‐ Hi, Sofia. ‐ Thank you, hi. ‐ Can you guys see us? Both: Yes. ‐ Do we look good? Both: Yes. ‐ Just so you know... you currently look 20 feet tall. ‐ Yeah. [laughter] ‐ You're on the biggest screen I have ever seen in my life. ‐ How excited are you guys to be here tonight? ‐ We are super excited. ‐ We are really excited. ‐ I'm Simon. ‐ I'm Maria. And we're‐‐ both: Salsa dancers. ‐ Where are you guys from? ‐ Originally, we're from Columbia. ‐ What? [cheers and applause] [dance music] ‐ Whenever we're dancing, I'm the boss. ‐ Yep. That's her. ♪ ♪ ‐ I can't stop smiling. It's four yeses. ‐ Thank you. [cheers and applause] ‐ This round, we're doing much more footwork, much more tricks. ‐ There hasn't been a lot of time for us to practice, but we are putting in a lot of work. ‐ We would love to be the first kid dancers to win "America's Got Talent." ‐ We're gonna leave it all out there. [dramatic sting] [lights click] ‐ Come on. One, two, one, two, three, four. ‐ [singing in Spanish] [salsa music] ♪ ♪ ‐ I love his face. Look at his face. ♪ ♪ ‐ Whoo‐hoo! ‐ Wow! ‐ Whoo‐hoo‐hoo‐hoo! [applause] ‐ Yes! ‐ Wow! ‐ Heidi, what did you think? ‐ I love you guys. Both: Thank you. ‐ And this time around, you were even better than last time around. ‐ Thank you. ‐ I agree. I think this song was much better. I loved this outfit too. ‐ They were made in Colombia as well. ‐ Awesome. Like the first ones. This is fantastic. ‐ Yes. Thank you. ‐ ♪ This is our time ♪ ‐ Our problem is we only have so few spots. So, we're gonna have to look at everything together. But you kept me smiling. ‐ Thank you. ‐ How much does this mean to you to get into the finals? ‐ Going to the live shows means so much. It's been like a dream for Maria and I for a huge amount of time. ‐ Since we were little. ‐ Since we started dancing. ‐ The fact that you're so young and still so determined, even through this period, to me means a huge amount. I think this was a better routine than the first time we saw them. Both: Thank you. ‐ I think you did great. Well done. ‐ Thank you guys! ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Bye, guys. ‐ ♪ This is our time ♪ ‐ Do you really think that this routine was better for you than the last? ‐ I think having spent all this time pretty much isolation, their energy and their music, it really made me happy. ‐ Yeah. ‐ They were kind of perfect today. ‐ Standby for the next act. ‐ Okay. Going right into the next act. ‐ Okay, here we go. ‐ Okay, thank you. ‐ Who is it? ‐ Craig Reed. ‐ The hula hooper. ‐ Ah, the hula hooper. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Yeah. ‐ [gasps] ‐ All right. Up now is hula hooper, Craig Reed. ‐ How are you, Craig? ‐ Whoo! ‐ I'm good, thank you. How are you? ‐ I'm fantastic. So Craig, we saw your video submission after the auditions. ‐ ♪ I'm a sucker for you ♪ ‐ Whoo! ‐ ♪ You say the word and I'll go anywhere blindly ♪ ‐ Yes! ‐ Bravo! ‐ ♪ I'm a sucker for you ♪ ‐ So Craig, where are you from? ‐ I'm from the Highlands of Scotland. By the Loch Ness Monster. ‐ Okay. I know all about that. And just remind me. How old are you? ‐ I'm 35. ‐ Okay, you look good. And do you see this‐‐ ‐ Oh, thank you. [laughter] ‐ He looks like 20. ‐ Have you got something special lined up for us now? ‐ I put something together that's bigger, faster, and hopefully just a lot of fun. ‐ Okay. Because we got a tough decision to make at the end of the day. So this is your moment. ‐ You got him nervous now. ‐ No, he's excited. ‐ He's leaving. ‐ Oh, uh‐‐Craig, I didn't mean that. Give it a shot. I promise you. ‐ ♪ I'm a sucker for you ♪ [laughter] [Lady Gaga's "Stupid Love"] ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ You're the one that ♪ ♪ I've been waiting for ♪ ♪ Gotta quit this cryin' ♪ ♪ Nobody's gonna heal me ♪ ♪ If I don't open the door ♪ ♪ Kinda hard to believe, gotta have faith in me ♪ ♪ I freak out, I freak out, I freak out, I freak out ♪ Look at me now ♪ ♪ I want your stupid love, love ♪ ♪ Oh, oh‐oh, oh‐oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh‐oh‐oh‐oh ♪ ♪ I don't need a reason, oh ♪ ♪ Not sorry, I want your stupid love ♪ ♪ Ah, yeah, ah yeah ♪ ♪ I want your stupid love, love ♪ ♪ Whoa, oh, oh, woo ♪ ‐ Wow. ‐ Whoo! ‐ ♪ We got a stupid love, love ♪ ‐ Yo! ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ I want your stupid love, love ♪ ♪ Oh, oh‐oh, oh‐oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oooh‐ooh ♪ ♪ I want your stupid love ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ ♪ There were no second thoughts ♪ ‐ Hi, there. ‐ Craig, you live in a really crazy neighborhood. ‐ I do. [laughing] ‐ I love the way you just walk out your front door and you're there in Vegas. ‐ It is crazy. ‐ That was fun. I wanna do it. ‐ I wanna do it too. ‐ I could teach you. ‐ Okay. One step at a time. Heidi. ‐ [laughs] ‐ I've hula hooped a lot with four kids. And it is really hard. So you have to have a whole lot of skill to do what you just did. I loved it. ‐ Thank you. ‐ You looked like a man who was trapped in a giant Slinky. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Like, that was the trick that kinda popped for me. And I think in this round, the most important thing is to not just get through the routine, but you gotta pop above and beyond. But that was pretty amazing. ‐ Simon, what did you think? ‐ I mean, apart from the technical aspect, you are a born performer. I thought it was a fantastic audition. It was just fun. ‐ Well, thank you. ‐ Okay, Craig, we've got a few more acts to see. But we are gonna make a decision tonight. You know that. ‐ Yes. ‐ Fingers crossed, kiddo. ♪ ♪ ‐ He's so adorable. ‐ He's so cute. ‐ I love him. ‐ I know. ‐ I think the show needs more of him right now. ‐ We still have eight acts to go, people. This is not a time to make a decision. ‐ You're very feisty tonight. ‐ Let's fight later. ‐ I don't like that. ♪ ♪ ‐ Coming up... ‐ [screams] ‐ [singing] ‐ I am speechless. ‐ ♪ Yeah ♪ ‐ I can tell you were nervous. ‐ Oh. ‐ What? ‐ You deserve going forward. ‐ [indistinct]. ‐ Oh, no. [tense music] ‐ There's so many people that we have to still see. ‐ Okay. Max standing by. ‐ [indistinct]. Both: Testing, testing. One, two, three. ‐ Everybody's ready? ‐ Any second, Max. Stand by. ‐ Thanks. ‐ This is gonna be very hard. ‐ Yeah. ‐ We haven't even got fighting. ‐ Oh, no. ‐ Oh, we have the heels, guys. ‐Uh‐oh. ‐ Heels. [laughter] ‐ Next up, here is Max Major. [dramatic music] ‐ Oh, man. ‐ Hi, guys. Good evening. ‐ Hi. ‐ Hello, Max. ‐ Hi, Max. ‐ How you doing? ‐ I'm doing fantastic. Yeah, can you tell where I am? ‐ I've got a clue. ‐ I'm at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. With this incredible view behind me of the strip. ‐ No judges, you first met Max when he performed his magic and mentalism on the online auditions we did. ‐ Since I can't be there with you physically, you know, on the stage, I'm gonna try to connect with you guys mentally. ‐ As de diamantes. Oh, my God! ‐ Wow. ‐ I grew up in a really small town. From an early age, I kind of had the ability to read people, kind of sense what was going on in situations. To kind of entertain myself, I would always kind of put on little shows for my family and my neighbors. I started to get a little name around town. And when I was 14 years old, I got my big break. My neighbor hired me to perform for their daughter's sixth birthday. My dream my entire life was been to have my own show on the Las Vegas strip. And so really, I spent the last 20 years kind of honing this skill set. [dramatic music] I finally made the move to Vegas to pursue my dreams. But I had no opportunities to perform. Part of my identity is being a performer. And when suddenly you can't do that thing that you identify so heavily with, you feel like you've lost a part of yourself. And so‐‐uh, excuse me. It was really tough. Now being asked by the judges to perform again, I feel an insane amount of pressure. ♪ ♪ This is what the last 20 years have been about. I gotta show them something they've never seen before so I can get one of those final spots in the live shows. ♪ ♪ The last I performed, you guys, I performed for Sofía. And Simon mentioned that he'd like to be involved next time. And so I thought tonight, Simon, I'd actually try and get inside of your head. Are you up for it? ‐ Yeah. ‐ It could be a scary place. ‐ All right. [laughter] Before we begin, I wanna point out this envelope that's on the table here. This is gonna become very important at the end of my act. But for now, I'm gonna leave it over here where you guys can keep your eye on it the entire time. Okay? Simon, on the table, what I want you to notice is that I have a number of photos of you and your fellow judges. You can see them here? ‐ Yep. ‐ Howie there. I'm gonna lay them out on the table so you can get a good look at all of them. Heidi, photo of yourself right there. Sofía. And of course, America's favorite host, Terry Crews. ‐ Yes. [laughter] ‐ And then at the top of your screen, you guys will see we have a matching set of photographs that are currently face down. So the object tonight, Simon, is for you to feel a connection to your fellow judges through the photos through the screen. ‐ Okay. ‐ Now, before we begin, I need to understand the way that you're wired and the way that you think. So I'm curious, Simon, what is a personality trait that you admire most in another person? ‐ Loyalty. ‐ In that case, I think we'll start with this one. Simon, I want you to tell me who you're feeling a connection to right now. ‐ Terry. ‐ Terry. You can see how this starts to shape up. Simon, what is something that you own that you wouldn't sell for any amount of money? ‐ The first picture of my son, Eric, being born, lying on my chest. All: Aww. ‐ Beautiful. ‐ I wanna see that. ‐ Me too. ‐ I'm starting to understand how you're wired. I'm gonna go with this one right here. Tell me, which judge are you feeling a connection to right now? ‐ Sofía. ‐ I like that you're taking the time to really feel these connections. Simon, one last question. What is your most vivid memory from your childhood? Perhaps a story you've never told anyone. ‐ Getting my first Scalextric car set. You call it slot racing here. ‐ Oh. ‐ Yeah. ‐ In England, we call it Scalextric. It's a car racing set. ‐ We'll go with this one right here. And tell me now, who are you feeling a connection to? ‐ Howie. ‐ Howie. ‐ Slot cars were my favorite. ‐ Where would you like this one to go, Heidi or yourself? ‐ Heidi. ‐ Heidi. We're gonna place that right there. And then one final photo of course. ‐ Me. ‐ Right in front of you, yep. Now Simon, you have a very important decision to make. I'm going to count to five. When I get to five, you're gonna tell me whether you wanna leave everything as it is or whether you wanna switch any two photographs. It's up to you. I'm gonna count to five. And then you let me know. One, two, three, four, five. ‐ No, I'm gonna keep them where they are. ‐ You're gonna trust your instincts and keep them where they are. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I'm glad you said that because what you'll notice is that over here on the end, you actually matched Howie with Howie. Over here on the end, you matched Heidi with Heidi. ‐ Whoa. ‐ Ah! ‐ Over here, you matched Simon with Simon. ‐ No! ‐ Sofía with Sofía. ‐ Oh, oh! ‐ And Terry with Terry. That is five for five. ‐ Wow. ‐ A perfect match. But look, look, look. I told you guys I would raise the bar. ‐ Okay. ‐ And tonight, I wanted to go not just for improbable, but impossible. [dramatic music] And I made my boldest prediction ever, and I placed it over here inside of this envelope. And I asked you to name a personality trait you love in a person. And your answer was loyalty. ‐ Oh! ‐ What? ‐ Now if that wasn't crazy enough, we continued on. I asked you for a memory. Something you said you would never forget. And you said it was a picture of your son, Eric. ‐ Oh. ‐ Now then I asked you for a memory, something from your childhood, something no one could know. ♪ ♪ And you told me it was getting your first car set. ‐ Oh. [dramatic music] [James Arthur's "Impossible"] Thank you guys so much for this opportunity. ‐ Whoa! ‐ Talk to me, whoa! ‐ Where are you going? ‐ Gonna high five him. ‐ Yes! ‐ Yeah! ‐ Yeah! [laughs] ‐ Jump, jump, jump. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Unbelievable. ‐ That was unbelievable. ‐ Unbelievable. ‐ Like, I'm speechless. ‐ This was amazing, and he did tell us that he was gonna raise the bar when we saw him the first time, and now this was spectacular. ‐ Now, just to be clear, this was not planned, and I have to say this 'cause this is one of the most astonishing things I've ever seen. ‐ I really think that he has some superpower. ‐ I mean, seriously incredible. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ It was incredible. The issue is that you have to be incredible to move on. We have mentalists and magicians in this category. We have to lay everybody on the table. You deserve going forward. I hope that you get the chance. ‐ ♪ Tell them all I know now ♪ ‐ Good job. ‐ Well done. ‐ Thank you. Thank you, guys. ‐ I mean, how the hell did he do that? ‐ That is crazy. ‐ This is going to be very hard to pick. ‐ ♪ Impossible ♪ ‐ I've been going to bed so late. I'm watching "The Sopranos" for the first time. ‐ Oh, really? I'm watching "Orzak." ‐ "Ozarks." ‐ "Orzak" ‐ I'm watching a rerun of every single show I've been on. [laughter] [upbeat music] ‐ Up now is Shaquira! ‐ Shaquira, Shaquira. ‐ Ooh, ooh, ooh, hi. ‐ Hi. ‐ Hiya. ‐ She's a waitress who works at the Atlanta Braves stadium. Judges, you met Shaquira at the auditions, but Heidi, you did not get a chance to meet Shaquira. ‐ Hi, Shaquira, so nice to meet you. ‐ Hello. ‐ So how has life been since the last time? ‐ It's been a little hectic. My job was closed down. ‐ The job stopped, but the bills never did, so... ‐ Yeah. ‐ But having the time to actually step back and think about what I genuinely want‐‐ I'm gonna try to win this thing. ‐ Good. ‐ Yay. ‐ Wow. ‐ I like the attitude. ‐ I love that. ‐ Coming into AGT for the first time was probably the most nerve‐wracking experience ♪ 'Cause I'm a redneck woman ♪ ♪ I ain't no high class broad ♪ I have always had self‐esteem problems. ‐ I absolutely loved you, and I loved that audition. It was great. ‐ I felt just like an ounce of confidence and calmness for the first time. It was amazing. It was awesome. So now I'm here in Judge Cuts. Makes me a little nervous because I literally haven't even really had the time at all. ♪ ♪ This dream, it's so close. I can literally taste it, and I'm gonna do everything I can to make sure I cross that finish line. Like, it's everything. [soft dramatic music] [Avicii's "Wake Me Up] ♪ ♪ ♪ Feeling my way through the darkness ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Guided by a beating heart ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I can't tell where the journey will end ♪ ♪ But I know where to start ♪ ♪ So wake me up ♪ ♪ When it's all over ♪ ♪ When I'm wiser and I'm older ♪ ♪ All this time I was finding myself ♪ ♪ And I didn't know ♪ ♪ I was lost ♪ ♪ I wish that I could stay ♪ ♪ Forever this young ♪ ♪ Not afraid to close my eyes ♪ ♪ Life's a game made for everyone ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And love is the prize ♪ ♪ So wake me up ♪ ♪ When it's all over ♪ ♪ When I'm wiser and I'm older ♪ ♪ All this time I was finding myself ♪ ♪ And I didn't know ♪ ♪ I was lost ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Didn't know I was lost ♪ [Bishop Briggs' "Hold On"] ‐ ♪ We've seen the holy, the lonely ♪ ‐ Whoo! ‐ ♪ Been to the promise ♪ ‐ I mean, I wish you could be sitting where I am now watching what we just saw because you lit up this gigantic screen, and you absolutely commanded it. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ You have a very special talent, Shaquira. ‐ Thank you. ‐ I watched you sing country. To me, I feel like that is when you light up. ‐ So you like the last audition better? ‐ It was so amazing. TO me, you are a country star. ‐ Thank you so much, guys. ‐ I can't think of another time from the time we first auditioned you to now where the world obviously has changed so much, and I'm guessing that probably had an impact on the song you chose? ‐ Absolutely. ‐ Yeah. ‐ And this is one of those songs, like, that really hits home for right now, and people wouldn't even know this without listening to it slowed down. ‐ Yeah, I think you made a smart choice. ‐ I think it was spectacular. It was great. Your voice is breathtaking. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ This year, the competitiveness is above and beyond, so you're making our job a lot tougher. We're gonna be fighting tonight, I think. ‐ Fingers crossed. ‐ We will see you for the results soon. Good luck. ‐ Thank you so much. Thank you, guys. ‐ See you later, Shaquira. Well done. ‐ Bye, Shaquira. ‐ Bye. ‐ Bye. ‐ Ah, I love Shaquira. ‐ She's a great girl. ‐ How cold is it gonna get. ‐ You knew it was outside. Why didn't you get a jacket? ‐ No, I have a shawl. ‐ So you should have it on. ‐ No, I prefer to be beautiful. ‐ [laughs] Than comfortable. ♪ ♪ ‐ All right, standby, everyone. We got comedian Ty Barnett is up next. ‐ It's hard enough to be a stand‐up comedian on this show in the best case scenario. ‐ I feel terrible because they always think I hate them, and it's not true. ‐ You have a bad reputation. ‐ 4, 3, 2... ‐ Hey, how's everybody doing? ‐ How are you, Ty? ‐ Nice to meet you, Ty. ‐ Now that you're here, I'm excited to meet all of you fully now even though I've heard... ‐ How much I like comedians? ‐ I've heard the reputation, so I'm a little nervous. ‐ I just like really good comedians. ‐ There you go. ‐ [laughs] ‐ But I can't wait to see if you're going to make us laugh tonight, and I wish you all the best. ‐ I appreciate the opportunity. When I first walked in to "America's Got Talent," I thought, "Wow, I know how big the show is," and I was excited just to even be on that stage. I knew I was getting older, by the way, when I started rooting against the kids in scary movies. Now I'm like, "Your mom and dad told you not to leave the house." ‐ You got three yeses, Ty. Well done. ‐ Three yeses. ‐ For years, I've been dreaming about this‐‐ dreaming about being an entertainer, and now things have come a long way. From being in the military and being a pharmacy tech in a hospital, it's been a long journey. ‐ I'm so proud of you, Daddy. ‐ My kids have been the center of everything that I do. I'm not perfect, but... [soft dramatic music] ♪ ♪ But I've always tried to be a great dad. [upbeat music] Hopefully, me being on this stage inspires them in whatever they choose to do with their life. For this next performance, the jokes I've been writing haven't been time tested, so I'm not gonna lie. I'm definitely nervous. It's just a lot of competition. Singers and sword swallowers and all of this type of stuff‐‐ I'm like, "Man, I just got jokes, bro. I don't really‐‐I don't do any of the extra stuff." But I feel blessed to have another opportunity to show the judges I want to be able to continue to do this. Making it to the live shows, that would be amazing. I'ma do my best to make it happen. [cheers and applause] ‐ Thank you so much for tuning in to my garage show. I am excited to be telling jokes again in front of people. I am a dad. I have two daughters. [cheers and applause] Same mom. Yeah, look at that. That was a weird reaction. It's like, I got kids. So? Same mom. Are you serious? [laughter] You gotta take a picture of him. He's like a black unicorn. I got kids, and here's the thing, by the way, nothing makes you want to stay in shape more than having kids 'cause kids have no filter. They just say what they see. My daughter saw me changing my shirt one day. She was like, "Daddy, are you full?" [laughter] Yeah, exactly. You ever have a moment where you had to think before you spoke? That was one 'cause, honestly, when she first said it, my first thought was, "Did this heifer just call me fat?" [laughter] My oldest, when she was 17, we suggested a part‐time job. Said fast food‐‐ I worked in fast food. My 17‐year‐old said, "That's beneath me." Beneath you? It's like, where you secretly the CEO of a company? [laughter] This is just a hard transition for you? I don't understand. That doesn't make any sense. My kids don't have a concept of money. My youngest asked for some Jordans. Now let me tell you something. I haven't‐‐I'm from Chicago and haven't had a pair of Jordans since 1990, and they were $100, but I said, "It's my baby. I'ma get her some Jordans." $740. ‐ Wow. ‐ Yeah, special edition. And it was at that moment I realized that my kid is not that special. [laughter] Not $740 special. So I'm trying to teach my kids the value of money, so I'm trying to find an electrician who will wire the house to where only the stuff in their rooms don't work. You know, the light's out. Not down here in pay bill‐ville. [laughter] Everything working. Thanks a lot, you guys. Ty Barnell, appreciate you. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ‐ Whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo! ♪ ♪ ‐ Hello, Ty. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Hi, Ty. I think that you are very funny. On top of being funny, you're a very likeable person. ‐ Oh, my God. Oh! ‐ Yeah. ‐ To be able to deliver what you delivered, people don't realize how hard it is. ‐ 'Cause you need the vibe of the people. ‐ You need the vibe of the people. ‐ I was vibing all the way from here. Through that monitor, I was vibing to you. ‐ Thank you. ‐ I did have laughs. I like what you did, but I think I laughed more the first time on the other stage. ‐ I agree that your first routine was better in terms of material. I could tell you were nervous, but I like people who are nervous because it tells me that they care. The world needs cheering up right now, and I think that's what you just did for us. I am gonna be fighting for you at the end because I think you really are better than even you know. ‐ Thank you. Thank you so much. ‐ Let's see what happens later. ‐ Good luck. ‐ All right, appreciate you guys. Thanks a lot. ‐ He has a kind of, like, a sparkle in his eye, this guy. ‐ He's the most likeable guy. Even before the act starts, you just wanna be his friend. ‐ But then again, it's "America's Got Talent." It's not "America's Next Great Friend." ‐ I think we got a tough decision to make. ‐ Yeah. [dramatic music] ‐ Coming up... ‐ We want a spot in those live shows. ‐ Whoa, whoa! ‐ It comes down to this performance here. ‐ What? ‐ Oh! ‐ We've only got five places. ‐ Oh, I like them all. ‐ We can't have them all. [soft dramatic music] ♪ ♪ ‐ I love show business. ‐ [laughs] ‐ I do. I just love what we're doing right now. I love it. ‐ Okay, here we go. ♪ ♪ [gasps] [laughter] ‐ Okay, judges, next up, two brothers who take the harmonica to the next level. Welcome, Brothers Gage. Hey, guys. ‐ Hello. ‐ Just remind me how old you are. ‐ I'm 17. ‐ And I'm 15. ‐ And you're from? ‐ We're from LA‐‐Los Angeles. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Well, you know what? You surprised me with your first audition because I'm not a huge fan of the harmonica, but I thought your energy was amazing. Are you gonna do something different this time around? ‐ Yes, so last time, we did our original... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And this time we're doing a cover of a very popular song. ‐ And you think this is gonna be good enough to make the finals? 'Cause there's only five places left now. ‐ Well, I mean, we hope so. ‐ Yeah, we hope. ‐ Okay, let's do it. ‐ All right, thank you. ‐ All right, let's go. From the age of five, we both took an interest in harmonica. And now we play harmonica. ‐ Now we‐‐we do play harmonica, Alex, very good. ‐ Okay. Before "AGT," the biggest stage we performed on was at our local high school, so we were feeling pretty nervous. ‐ When it's billions of people watching you, it's like, "Oh, God. [energetic harmonica playing] ‐ You made it exciting. I loved it. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ Four yeses. ‐ Whoa. ‐ Yes! ‐ It was crazy. Now we want crowd, billboard, girls. ‐ Name in lights. ‐ So we'd like to be the next Jonas Brothers, Shawn Mendes. We'd like to take it to that level. ‐ Yeah. ‐ When the judges called us to perform again. ‐ We got pretty nervous. We stepped up everything‐‐ the choreography, the harmonica playing. Pressure is definitely on. We want a spot in those live shows. ‐ [screams] ‐ A lot of people have an idea of what harmonica is, but we're here to show them that it can do so much more. We're ready to bring harmonica to the world. ‐ The world. [energetic harmonica playing] ♪ ♪ [LMFAO's "Party Rock Anthem"] ♪ ♪ ‐ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ Oh! ♪ ♪ [together] ♪ Everyday we're shuffling ♪ ‐ Yes, us too. ‐ Oh, went for the singing. ‐ Hey, whoo, whoo, whoo! ‐ Got a little bit of singing that time. ‐ [laughs] ‐ Howie, what did you think? ‐ You know, I was never a fan of the harmonica until you guys came on the show. I don't know whether it was better than the last time, so a really tough decision. Not a slam dunk. ‐ But you guys make it, like, kind of a little bit sexy, no? ‐ [laughs] ‐ It was very cool. ‐ Yeah, It was like a music video. ‐ Yeah, it was like a music video, exactly. And we heard about a second of you singing. I mean, is singing gonna be part of your act going forward? ‐ Yeah, singing is something we both really enjoy doing all the time... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And it definitely will. ‐ But you didn't look that confident bearing in mind it lasted half a second. [Dean Lewis' "Waves"] ‐ ♪ It comes and goes in waves ♪ ‐ And you know we only have a few places left. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Let's see what happens. ‐ All right, thank you. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ Good luck, guys. ‐ All right, you'll get the results. ‐ Hope for the best. ‐ They actually do make the harmonica cool. ‐ Yeah. ‐ All right, who's next? ‐ Let me see then name. ‐ Nolan Neal. A singer‐songwriter from Nashville. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ All right, here we go. ‐ Here we go, sounds good. Roll 'em. ‐ He's a good guy. ‐ Five seconds. Four, three, two... ‐ Let's get Nolan Neal up on the screen. Can you hear me, Nolan? ‐ What's up, Terry? How are you? ‐ Oh, hey! ‐ Hi, Nolan. And how are you feeling to be here tonight? ‐ I am beyond grateful to be here. ‐ I think you have a very inspirational story... ‐ Thank you. ‐ And are you ready to win this maybe? ‐ Yeah, you know, God willing. My name's Nolan Neal. I'm 39 years old, and I'm from Nashville, Tennessee. The first audition was a huge challenge for me. I took this amazing opportunity to come here so I could share a little bit of my story and what I went through. My dad called me and told me he was gonna take his life, and the next day I woke up to the news that he had done it. ‐ What? ‐ Oh, I'm so sorry. ‐ Wow. ‐ And then I went down a downward spiral myself, but I had some friends come in and staged an intervention, and I haven't touched the hard stuff since. ‐ Good for you. ‐ You're sober? ‐ Good for you! [cheers and applause] ‐ Thank you. And I just sang like there was no tomorrow. [singing powerful sustained note] ‐ You have an amazing voice. Maybe now is your time. ‐ When I heard that from Simon, I felt unstoppable. ♪ ♪ After the audition, to see how many struggling alcoholics and addicts who wrote me who said I gave them hope, it's really motivating. But now, knowing that I have to sing again for the judges, I am definitely nervous. ♪ ♪ I wanna make it to those live shows so I can just do what I was born to do. I know this is my last chance to be able to keep going in this competition. I want to win, and I want to prove to the judges that I do belong here. ♪ ♪ [The Source's "You Got the Love"] ♪ Sometimes I feel ♪ ♪ Like throwing my hands up in the air ♪ ♪ I know I can count on you ♪ ♪ Sometimes I feel like saying ♪ ♪ Lord, I just don't care ♪ ♪ You got the love I need to see me through ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Sometimes it seems like the going's just too rough ♪ ♪ And things go wrong no matter what I do ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And now and then it feels like ♪ ♪ Life is just too much ♪ ♪ You got the love I need to see me through ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ You got the love ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ You got the love ♪ ♪ Yeah, you've got the love ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ You've got the love ♪ ♪ You've got the love you've got the love ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Time to time, I think ♪ ♪ Oh, Lord, what's the use? ♪ ♪ Time after time, I think it's just no good ♪ ♪ 'Cause sooner or later in life ♪ ♪ The things you love you lose ♪ ♪ But you've got the love ♪ ♪ I need to see me through ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ You've got the love ♪ ♪ You've got the love ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Sometimes I feel like ♪ ♪ Throwing my hands up in the air ♪ [Tyrone Wells' "Rise Again"] ‐ Actually, that was so short. ‐ [laughs] ‐ I was just getting in the groove of it, and then it was over. ‐ [laughs] ‐ That was amazing. I wanna know what you guys thought. Howie? ‐ First of all, you have a great sound in your voice... ‐ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. ‐ And it stirs you emotionally. ‐ Yeah, you have a very special voice. ‐ Thank you. ‐ I think you've got great taste. ‐ I think it's a Candi Staton song, isn't it? ‐ Yeah, the original. ‐ Yeah. You really did make it your own. You made it sound very current. ‐ Thank you. ‐ And you know what? Your personality's changed since we first met you. Maybe having that kind of support you have being on the show has done you a lot of good. ‐ Definitely, yeah. It just feels really, really good to see the promises coming through of recovery. It feels amazing. ‐ Well done. ‐ ♪ I can feel the ghost from my past ♪ ‐ My only problem is you've made our job tonight really hard, and I now hate you. ‐ [laughs] ‐ In the most positive way. ‐ Yeah. ‐ [laughs] ‐ I am gonna be fighting to try to keep you going forward. ‐ Yeah, and you don't wanna fight with Sofía, trust me. [laughter] ‐ We will see you for the results at the end of the night. ‐ ♪ Rise again ♪ ‐ Thank you so much, y'all. ‐ Bye, Nolan. ‐ Bravo! ‐ Whoo! ‐ This is gonna be really difficult. ‐ But you know, you said it. There is a change in him. He seems to have opened up. ‐ Because life can be changed by this. ‐ I hope so. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Yeah. ‐ ♪ Rise again ♪ ‐ Simon, how's your baby? ‐ Amazing, thank you. ‐ Has he been so happy that you've been with him for these two months? ‐ Are you kidding me? He loves it, yeah. ‐ It's gonna be hard when life goes back to normal. ‐ But you know what's been interesting is how much I learned from him. You've gotta look at life through his eyes. ‐ Okay, let's get right up on BT1 please. ‐ I better push recorded mic right now. ‐ Ryan Tricks. It's so strange that his last name is tricks. ‐ Are you ready, Ryan? ‐ I'm ready. I'm ready. ‐ Here we go, five seconds. Four, three, two... [dramatic music] ‐ Welcome back, Ryan Tricks. ‐ Hello ‐ I wanna ask you‐‐Tricks, is that really your last name or did you have that changed? ‐ I changed it. It's Ryan Hicks. ‐ Is it really? ‐ Yeah, Ryan Hicks. ‐ So tell me how has it been for you since the episode aired where you were in. ‐ Yeah, like, the feedback online's been absolutely amazing. My son Toby was like, "Daddy, I wanna be on 'America's Got Talent' one day." ‐ Aw. ‐ But during all of this, I'm still working because I'm a sewage treatment worker. So nothing's really changed much. Since my audition got aired, I haven't stopped working. Like, it's a job. It pays the bills. I have to do this to put food on the table for my family. ♪ ♪ But obviously it's not the dream. I wanna perform all over the world, and that's the reason why I auditioned for "America's Got Talent." If you had a connection, then these two cards must match. My adrenaline was pumping. [cheers and applause] ‐ Have a look. A perfect match. ‐ Million percent yes. ‐ It can't get better than that, can it Main reason why I'm doing this is to make sure my kids have a better life... Got you. And to show them that anything's possible. What are you doing? I've seen "America's Got Talent" change people's life, so it would mean the world to all of us if I make it to the live shows. So for the Judges Cuts‐‐ it's one of the biggest challenges now. There's only a few spots. I have to prove I have what it takes. ♪ ♪ It comes down to this performance here, so I'm gonna be showing the judges something that they have never seen before, and hopefully this will get me to the live shows. ♪ ♪ [soft dramatic music] ‐ In a few moments, I will be joined by a very special person. I'm going to try to tap into her mind to reveal a few of her personal thoughts. It's Alesha Dixon from "BGT" and "AGT: Champions." ‐ Hi, everyone. ‐ Hi, Alesha! ‐ So I wanna try something with you now with your mobile phone. Do you have your phone with you? ‐ I do. ‐ Can you take it out for me? ‐ I don't leave the house without it. ‐ So what I want you to do is think of a contact on your phone for me, but please don't go for somebody you message on a daily basis, all right? ‐ Simon. ‐ Yeah. [laughs] ‐ I want this to be as random as possible. ‐ Okay. ‐ So do you have someone? ‐ Yes, I do. ‐ You do? Good. Now I want you to just think of this person for me. Just think‐‐and it's a woman, isn't it, yes? ‐ Yes. ‐ Dark colored hair‐‐ medium hair, yes? Am I right? ‐ Yes. ‐ Good. Now imagine their name for me spelled out between us right now really largely in big lights. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ Imagine the saying the first letters, but don't say it. ‐ Okay. ‐ Good. Think of the second letter for me. ‐ Okay. ‐ Good. I think I have it. Alesha, who was the person? ♪ ♪ ‐ Nicola. ‐ Nicola‐‐like that? ‐ What? ‐ How? ‐ How did you write that? ‐ Amazing. ‐ How does he know that? ‐ Yes? ‐ But you know what? Let's take this a step further. I wanna show you and the whole of America how powerful the imagination truly is, so lock your phone for me and place it between your hands like this. Now, I want you to close your eyes, and I want you to imagine sending Nicola a message. You're pushing letter by letter, and now you pushed the send button now. Good, open your eyes. What did you imagine sending, Alesha? ‐ How is the weaning going? ‐ How is the weaning going? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Now unlock your phone. ♪ ♪ ‐ What? How did you do that? Are you‐‐ ‐ Show the camera. ‐ Are you serious? ‐ See how powerful the imagination is? ‐ That's absolutely amazing. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ Congratulations. Wow, what a star. ♪ ♪ ‐ Wow. ‐ That was cool. ‐ That was amazing. ‐ How do you do this kind of stuff? ‐ He can't tell you. ‐ [chuckles] ‐ In any case, it was mind‐blowing. I mean, you seriously have some skills. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ I enjoyed this a lot more this time watching it than being part of it. That was truly amazing. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Sofía, what did you think? ‐ I thought it was amazing, and I love how you command the stage. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Thank you. ‐ I think your showmanship was superb. There's a great air of mystery around you, which I think is so important with these acts. Well done. ‐ Thank you. ‐ You know, we're seeing a lot of people today, but not everyone will make it. ‐ Yeah. ‐ You'll be hearing from us later. ‐ Thank you so much for giving me this opportunity here. Seriously... ‐ It's an absolute pleasure. ‐ It's a dream come true. ‐ Good luck. ‐ See you later. ‐ Bye. ‐ Bye‐bye. ‐ Take care. ‐ We're not gonna be able to say no to anyone. ‐ No, I got some nos. ‐ I've got some nos. ‐ I'll talk to you later. I've got some nos. ‐ Okay. ‐ Yeah. ‐ ♪ Believer, believer ♪ ‐ Ninja Twins are next. ‐ Here we go. ‐ Testing, testing, one two three. ‐ One, two, testing, testing. ‐ Oh, I can hear the Ninja Twins. ‐ Do you remember these guys? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Okay, here we go. ‐ Hey, boys! ‐ Yay! ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Hi, hi, hi! ‐ We're wearing the same thing. ‐ Oh, yes! ‐ Yes! ‐ Did you think you were on Zoom? Because you're not wearing pants. [laughter] ‐ They're short shorts. ‐ I know, I‐‐ ‐ They're hot pants. ‐ We are really getting to know you tonight. [laughter] ‐ Guys, how do you feel about that first audition? ‐ Oh, my God, it‐‐ ‐ I think it went good 'cause we're here now. ‐ Everybody loved you, but not everybody loved you. ‐ Except for that one... ‐ Except for Simon. ‐ Over there to the right. ‐ So do you feel the pressure now? [together] The pressure is on. ‐ Howie. ‐ But we're ready. ‐ And do you know what they say? [together] Practice makes perfect. ‐ I'm Nick. ‐ And I'm James. ‐ And together we're... [together] The Ninja Twins. And we're bringing you "AGT." America's got twins! ‐ Our first audition, we were so confident. ‐ We've been watching Simon since we were kids. I feel like we grew up with him. He practically raised us. ♪ Small town Bakersfield ♪ But 20 seconds into the piece. [both imitate buzzer] [buzzer] ‐ I almost started crying. ‐ The song and the singing and the dancing was terrible. ‐ Oh, man. [dramatic music] We've had very little time to put this performance together. ‐ We've been singing. We've been dancing. ‐ We've been running. ‐ Push‐ups, sit‐ups. ‐ And Mama's been cooking all this healthy food to give us our strength because we wanna prove Simon wrong. ‐ Yeah, we wanna show him that.. [together] We got it all ♪ ♪ ‐ This big personality had to come from God because I can't dance, and I love to sing, but I only sing to Jesus. I'm so proud of them. Whatever they do, I'm behind them 110%, and I know that this is their passion. This is their talent. This is their dream. ‐ There's only five spots left in this competition ‐ And we are getting one of those spots. ‐ We came to win. [together] Ready. ♪ ♪ [Justin Bieber's "Yummy"] [together] ♪ Yeah, you've got ♪ ♪ That yummy‐yum ♪ ♪ That yummy‐yum ♪ ♪ That yummy‐yummy ♪ ♪ Yeah, you've got that yummy‐yum ♪ ♪ That yummy‐yum ♪ ♪ That yummy‐yummy ♪ ♪ Say the word, on my way ♪ ♪ Yeah, babe, yeah, babe, yeah, babe ♪ ♪ Any night, any day ♪ ♪ Say the word, on my way ♪ ♪ Yeah, babe, yeah, babe, yeah, babe ♪ ♪ In the mornin' or the late ♪ ♪ Say the word, on my way ♪ ‐ ♪ Bona fide stallion ♪ ♪ Ain't in no stable, no, you stay on the run ♪ ‐ ♪ Ain't on the side, you're number one ♪ ♪ Yeah, every time I come around ♪ ♪ you get it done ♪ ♪ Fifty‐fifty, love the way you split it ♪ ♪ Hundred racks, help me spend it, baby ♪ ♪ Light a match, get litty, baby ♪ ‐ ♪ That jet set watch the sunset ♪ ♪ Kind of, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Rollin' eyes back in my head make my toes curl, yeah, yeah ♪ [together] ♪ Yeah, you've got ♪ ♪ That yummy‐yum, that yummy‐yum ♪ ♪ That yummy‐yummy ♪ ♪ Yeah, you've got that yummy‐yum ♪ ♪ That yummy‐yum ♪ ♪ That yummy‐yummy ♪ ♪ Say the word, on my way ♪ ♪ Yeah, babe, yeah, babe, yeah, babe ♪ ♪ Any night, any day ♪ ♪ Say the word, on my way ♪ ♪ Yeah, babe, yeah, babe, yeah, babe ♪ ♪ In the mornin' or the late say the word, on my way ♪ ‐ ♪ Hop in the Lambo' ♪ [together] ♪ I'm on my way ♪ ♪ Drew House slippers on with a smile on my face ♪ ♪ I'm elated that you are my baby ♪ ♪ 'Cause you got the yum, yum, yum, yum ♪ ‐ They're out of breath. [together] ♪ You've got that yummy‐yum ♪ ♪ That yummy‐yum ♪ ♪ That yummy‐yummy ♪ ♪ Yeah, babe, yeah, babe, yeah, babe ♪ ♪ In the mornin' or the late say the word, on my way ♪ ‐ Uh‐oh, they're going in. ‐ Yes! ♪ ♪ ‐ Oh! ‐ [laughs] Yes! ‐ Are they gonna come in wet? ‐ What's‐‐I don't know. ‐ That was awesome. ‐ There they are. ‐ Oh, look, how fantastic. ‐ Oh, they've dried off. [together] Yay! ‐ Got that yummy‐yum. ‐ Yummy‐yum. ‐ That was yummy‐yummy. Heidi? ‐ I mean, it's infectious, you know. You definitely bring the fun to the pool party. That's for sure. I mean, I guess if you would just listen to it, and you don't have the visual, maybe I would have a problem with it. Does not always sound great. ‐ Sofía, what do you think? ‐ I don't know what you guys are, but you're super entertaining. ‐ Thank you, thank you, thank you. ‐ Simon, did they win you over this time? ‐ If you want my honest opinion... [Starship's "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now"] It was so bonkers, so crazy‐‐ ‐ ♪ If we're heart to heart ♪ ‐ I actually liked that. [together] Yeah! ‐ I think you're hilarious. ‐ I think so. ‐ Yes, Simon! ‐ The question is gonna be are you guys yummy enough to move on? And that's a discussion we're gonna have later on. ‐ Fingers crossed. ‐ Fingers crossed. ‐ Okay, Ninja Twins, we will see you later tonight. Good luck to you guys. ‐ Yes, thank you, guys! ‐ Thank you, guys! ‐ Bye Ninja Twins. ‐ Incredible. ‐ Can you imagine them performing with the hula hoop guy? ‐ I thought they were‐‐ I gotta tell you. I thought they were hysterical. ‐ They were great. ‐ They don't sound always great, but they're fun. [dramatic music] ‐ Coming up... ‐ This is the most dangerous thing I've ever performed. ‐ He's nuts. ‐ Oh! ‐ [screams] ‐ Oh! ‐ The judges have seen the ten remaining acts, but they can only let half of them through. ‐ This is the hardest part of this show. ♪ ♪ ‐ Okay, standing by, everyone. This is the last act of the night. It's Jonathan Goodwin. [dramatic music] ‐ Is this the last one already? ♪ ♪ ‐ Here we go, five, four three, two... ♪ ♪ ‐ Hey, guys, how are you? ‐ Jonathan. ‐ Hi, Jonathan. ‐ Hi, Jonathan. ‐ I'm amazed to see you alive. [laughter] I saw your video submission, and you are actually crazy. ‐ That means a lot. I appreciate it. ‐ I've met Jonathan before on a previous show, and this is the closest I ever saw someone kill themselves on live TV. ‐ Whoa. ‐ Really? ‐ Wow. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Now I'm nervous. ‐ What you're about to see is probably the most dangerous and the scariest thing I've ever performed. [soft dramatic music] My name is Jonathan Goodwin. I've loved danger acts since I was about seven years old. I never wanted to do anything else. I would film things, usually at home. Anything that's dangerous, a little bit stupid, that's got me written all over it. A few things have gone wrong. I've broken my leg. Lots and lots of burns, but I love creating things that people have never seen before, but it was really hard to get the opportunity to perform in front of live audiences because when you're a stand‐up comedian or a singer, you can do an open mic, but practicing having a live arrow come directly at you is the kind of thing that you have to get right first time. And so the fact that the judges liked my video audition... ‐ Whoa! ‐ And they picked me to have a chance to get through to the live shows is really exciting. People think there's some sort of trickery involved in what I do, and there really isn't. Everything that you're gonna see is real. This is the most dangerous thing I've ever attempted. I've not had much time to prepare, so I'm gonna have to push myself farther than I ever have before. There are so many things that can go wrong, and if any single one of them is wrong, then I could get badly hurt or even killed ♪ ♪ All I'm going to be concentrating on is surviving, and then if I manage that, my next challenge is to get through to the live shows. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Since I was 7 years old, I've been fascinated with feats of danger, stunts I saw in movies, feats from history, ideas I dreamt up by myself, and I put them all in this book. There are thousands of danger acts inside here. This book is my most prized possession, especially in what I'm about to attempt. Now, this is a blindfold. It's made of one piece of metal. The reason I brought you guys a metal blindfold is 'cause I really wanna impress upon you that you can't see through it. Check it out. Make sure it looks good. I'm gonna leave it right there. We're gonna go this way because we're gonna play a game. I have an empty cup and April here has a jug of water. She's gonna pour the water into the cup. The cup is going to be on my head. Now, Howie, I'm gonna play this with you. How you doing, buddy? Sorry to wake you. ‐ [laughs] ‐ Now, I want you to close your eyes and listen to the sound of the water flowing into the cup, and I want you to shout stop when the cup is absolutely full and not before, okay? ‐ Okay. ‐ Now, I'm trusting you, Howie. I don't wanna get wet here. Close your eyes. ‐ Okay. ‐ No peeking. ‐ I'm not. ‐ Let's go. ♪ ♪ ‐ Stop. ‐ Oh. That's really good, Howie. That's excellent. Now, the worst thing that can happen if you get that wrong is I get a bit wet. I'm gonna play exactly the same game again, but this time the stakes are just a little bit higher. I have a loaded crossbow here, and April has a balloon‐‐ natural enemy of a crossbow. [dramatic music] This bow shoots at 120 feet pers second, which means that at this distance, that arrow will hit that balloon and pop it faster than you can blink your eye. ‐ Oh. ♪ ♪ ‐ Whew! ‐ Whoa. ‐ She is a very brave lady. Now, I have four more crossbows that are identical, but these are on stands. They are all armed and loaded and dangerous right now, and underneath the crossbows are these containers of water. At the bottom of the containers, you can see that there are these taps, and directly underneath the taps are these sports bottles. The bottles are connected to the triggers of the crossbow, and what that means is this. When we turn on the taps, the water will flow into the bottles, and when it hits a critical weight, the crossbows will fire. Different sized bottles means that the crossbows will fire at different times. Directly into this target, which is where I'm going to be standing blindfolded. ‐ No. ‐ I have to listen to the sound of the water flowing exactly like you did, Howie, and get out of the way. This is blindfold chicken with crossbows. ‐ He's nuts. ‐ [breathes deeply] ♪ ♪ ‐ No. ‐ Oh, no. ‐ Ah. ‐ I don't wanna see this. ♪ ♪ ‐ April, three, two, one, go. ♪ ♪ ‐ No. ♪ ♪ ‐ I mean, he is crazy. ‐ That's nuts. ♪ ♪ ‐ Set. ♪ ♪ ‐ No, no, no, no. ‐ Oh. ‐ Oh, no. ♪ ♪ ‐ Ah! ‐ Oh! ‐ What? ♪ ♪ Oh! ‐ Whoa! ♪ ♪ ‐ Whoa! ‐ Oh. ‐ They come out fast. ♪ ♪ [all scream] ‐ No. ‐ Whoa! ‐ [breathes deeply] ‐ Oh. ‐ If you thought that was scary, I've got three more that are even scarier. ‐ [laughs] [Zayde Wolf's "Heroes"] ‐ God. ‐ ♪ Heroes in the dark ♪ ‐ You're completely nuts. ‐ Aw, bless you. That's very kind. ‐ I mean, they came out so fast, shooting at you, like, pew, pew. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Simon is right. You are nutty. ‐ It would have been horrible if you had gotten shot, but it was kind of fun. ‐ Well, I'm glad you enjoyed it. That's wonderful. ‐ You're crazy. Not only don't try this at home. ‐ Yes. ‐ Don't try this any place. ‐ Ever, ever. ‐ This is one of the nuttiest, craziest, scariest danger acts we've had across all the years. ‐ Agreed ‐ So I'm gonna be fighting for you at the end, Jonathan. ‐ Thank you, Simon. ‐ Thank you. ‐ For the results very soon. ‐ Thank you. ‐ I thought this is gonna be difficult, and now it's become impossible. ‐ I know I like them all. ‐ You can't have them all. ‐ We've seen ten acts. We've only got five places. ‐ I don't think we're gonna be in agreement. ‐ Let's go. ‐ ♪ We are heroes ♪ ‐ We've had a lot of greatness tonight. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ We don't have a lot of room. ‐ What? [laughs] ♪ ♪ ‐ Yeah! ‐ Yeah! ♪ ♪ ‐ We've got a tough decision to make. ‐ Aw. ‐ Shall we tell them? ‐ Yeah, I think we should. ‐ Oh, ugh. ‐ Okay, the judges have seen the ten remaining acts... ‐ ♪ I will fight ♪ ‐ But they can only let half of them through. ‐ ♪ I will fight for you ♪ ‐ Now it's time to find out who will be one step closer to that life‐changing $1 million and a headline show in Las Vegas. Was it hard deciding? ‐ Yes. ‐ Yeah. ‐ This is the hardest part of this show. ‐ It's one thing doing this like this, but having to tell them now in person is the worst thing. ‐ ♪ I will stay ♪ ‐ Simon and Maria, how are you guys? ‐ Good. ‐ Good‐‐how about you? ‐ It's been hard because it's late here. We've been doing this all day, all night long, but I just wanted to tell you guys that we enjoyed you very much. I was so proud of seeing you guys perform the way you did, so that's why I'm so happy to be able to say yes to you guys. You're moving up. ‐ Yay! ‐ Yay! ‐ Congratulations! ‐ Yay! [Andy Grammer's "Don't Give Up on Me"] ‐ Wow, look at that reaction. ‐ Aw. ‐ So what's gonna be next then? ‐ I guess we go to California. ‐ Okay‐‐oh, my God. ♪ ♪ ‐ Guys, I want to talk about both acts. This was much harder than we thought it was gonna be. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Interestingly, we all thought you were better tonight than the first time we saw you. However... there were other people who were better than you. ♪ ♪ And for that reason, I hate to tell you‐‐ you will not be joining us on the live shows. ♪ ♪ ‐ Oh, that's okay. ‐ You were great, though. ‐ I mean, we thank you just for watching us and giving us a chance in the first place. ‐ Yeah, mm‐hmm. ‐ We really like you. Don't give up. And I hope this is part of your path to where you wanna get to next, but I'm really sorry. It is a no. ‐ Thank you. ‐ All right, thank you. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ No, thank you so much for having me. ♪ ♪ ‐ Oh, so sad. ‐ I find it easier to say no to someone in an audition than this part. ‐ Here they have more hope... ‐ Yeah. ‐ 'Cause they're already here. ‐ That's the problem. ‐ Oh. ‐ This is heartbreaking. This is really hard. ‐ ♪ Even when they say there's nothin' left ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ So don't give up on ♪ ‐ Hello, Jonathan. ‐ Hey, Howie. ‐ I gotta tell you, this has been a tough night for all of us, and as you know, there were only five spots, and I promise you that more than five acts deserve to be here, and this is why I hate this part of the show, especially when it's an act like you who not only, you know, rises to the occasion, but you actually put yourself in danger. That's how important it is. Oh, my God, I guess the easiest way is just to say it. You're moving on. You're moving on! ‐ [laughs] ‐ ♪ I'm not givin' up ♪ ♪ I'm not givin' up, givin' up, no, not yet ♪ ‐ That's amazing. Thank you so much. ‐ You deserve it, Jonathan. ‐ I really appreciate it. ‐ Well done, congratulations. ‐ Thank you. Thank you so much, all of you. I appreciate it. ‐ You're welcome. ‐ Bravo. ‐ Thank you. ‐ See, that's the look I wanna see on everybody's face. ‐ I know, yeah. ‐ His audition was phenomenal. ‐ He deserves it. ♪ ♪ ‐ Hi, Shaquira. ‐ Hello, hello again. ‐ [sighs] How can I start‐‐ you couldn't have done better today, but you were amongst a lot of amazing acts tonight, and we have so many amazing singers. My Golden Buzzer, an amazing singer. You have an amazing Golden Buzzer. [P! nk's "Courage"] It's tough to only pick five. ‐ Of course. ‐ But we can't do it without you, so we're taking you with us to the live shows. ‐ ♪ Have I the courage to change? ♪ ‐ Congratulations! ‐ Bravo! ‐ ♪ The courage to change? ♪ ‐ [laughs] ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ I'm so excited for you! ‐ No, thank you so much. ‐ I'm too‐‐ [laughs] My God. ‐ We're all very excited. ‐ You deserve it, kiddo. ‐ Thank you. Bye, guys. ‐ Mwah. ‐ Goodnight, well done. ‐ Aw. ‐ She's good. ‐ Babe, what happened? Babe? ‐ ♪ I'm going through to the live ♪ ‐ Congratulations. ‐ Thanks. ♪ ♪ ‐ Hi. ‐ You guys are a breath of fresh air. In this time we're in, you give us this light that the world needs right now. Thank you so much for doing that. You truly lifted up season 15 with your presence. ‐ ♪ I hope it works ♪ ‐ But this is a tough call because we only have five spots. It pains me to say that you're not moving on in this competition this year. I'm sorry. ‐ No problem. ‐ Thank you for the opportunity. ‐ Thank you, guys. We had so much fun. ‐ See you later. ‐ Thank you, guys. ‐ Bye, guys. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Oh no. ‐ I know, ugh. ‐ There's no middle ground here. It's just absolute joy or devastation. ‐ Yeah. ♪ ♪ ‐ Guys, I will say with both of you, this was much, much harder than I though. ♪ Yeah, the rain, it falls ♪ ‐ There's no question or doubt. You both were brilliant. What you did tonight was really, really, really special, and I want you to know that. However... you will not... ♪ ♪ Be watching this show at home because you're both joining us on the live shows. We think you are a star in the making. [laughter] ‐ I hate you so much. [laughs] ‐ Congratulations! Whoo! ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ Thank you so much, ‐ Mwah. ‐ Oh, this means the world to me. Thank you, guys. ‐ Really, this is lifechanging. Thank you. This is amazing. ‐ You deserve it. We'll see you in the live shows. ‐ Okay. ‐ Slam dunk on that one. ♪ ♪ ‐ [sobs excitedly] They said yes! [laughs] ‐ Oh, my gosh, yeah. ‐ Oh, God, everything I've been through. This is so crazy. ‐ Oh, congratulations. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 