America's Got Talent: Season 14, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America's Got Talent 
 s14e10 - Judge Cuts 3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America's Got Talent (2006–…): Season 14, Episode 10 - Judge Cuts 3 - full transcript 
 Emmy-nominated actress Ellie Kemper joins the panel as a guest judge and gets the opportunity to send an act directly to the Live Shows with a Golden Buzzer; contestants have one last ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [helicopter blades whirring] [Pink's "Courage"] ♪ ♪ This show is about the American Dream. You get one shot up here to become a star. [echoing] Star... star... ♪ Have I the courage to change ♪ You came out here, and then it was just, bam! Whoa! ♪ The courage to change ♪ You let us have it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Have I the courage to change ♪ I love you guys. ♪ Have I the courage to change ♪ ♪ Have I the courage to change ♪ Whoa! ♪ He's no good ♪ I couldn't listen to that any longer. At this stage, you're either ready or you're not. Do you think you're good enough to win this entire competition? Hit it. ♪ Have I the courage to change ♪ You've got something special about you. ♪ Have I the courage to change ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We are going to invite you to join us at the Dolby Theatre at the live finals. Now you are so close to winning a headline show in Vegas. ♪ Today ♪ [dramatic music] [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ♪ Have I the courage to change ♪ ♪ The courage to change ♪ ♪ Have I the courage to change ♪ Welcome to "America's Got Talent," Judge Cuts, from Universal Studios in the heart of Los Angeles, and now it's time to welcome our very special guest judge, Hollywood actress, comedian and writer, it's the lovely Ellie Kemper. [cheers and applause] ♪ American woman ♪ ♪ Stay away from me ♪ Are you kidding me? Yes, yes, yes, yes. ♪ American woman ♪ ♪ Mama let me be ♪ ♪ American woman ♪ ♪ Get away from me ♪ ♪ American woman ♪ Welcome to the Judge Cuts, Ellie. I am so thrilled to be here. I am such a fan of the show. I have the best seat in the house. I'm elated. Thank you for having me. Now, Ellie, this season's winner will walk away with $1 million and a headline show at the Paris Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. [cheers and applause] That's huge! Simon, can you break down what's gonna happen right here tonight? There is a lot at stake here. There are 18 acts. We select 7 out of the 18 to go to the Dolby live shows. Good luck. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Now, Ellie, tonight you get your own Golden Buzzer. I kinda want to do a test run. Is that--is that okay? Oh, that's all good. And one, two. ♪ American woman ♪ ♪ Get away from me ♪ ♪ American woman ♪ All right, everyone ready to get this show started? Yes! Let's do this! It's Judge Cuts! ♪ ♪ Here we go. Here we go. All right. All right. Yeah, let's get this show on the road. [cheers and applause] The beautiful Ellie Kemper. Oh, my gosh, hi. Hey. Oh, and there's Gabs. Oh, there she is. We're all here. We're all here. We're just hanging out. Oh, my gosh. Okay. Can wait to see it. All right, here we go, gang. Here we go. This is so exciting. It's fun. It's, like, starting. [indistinct] All right, here we go. Oh, this guy's great. Oh, I remember-- Hi. [chuckling] Yeah. Hello! Hey, how are you? Welcome back. Thank you. So you had an incredible first audition. What does this mean for you if you could make it to the live shows? I've been working at this for 40 years, and, you know, this is my break. Yeah, yeah. I'm Greg Morton, I'm 60 years old, and I'm a comedic entertainer. When I was a kid, I discovered that I had this talent. I started entertaining kids on the bus all the time. [cartoon-y voice] Thanks for the power. My dream is a show in Vegas, because I didn't feel like I really fit in anywhere else, you know? You know, I'm not just a comedian. You know, I'm an entertainer, but it has not been an easy road for me, and I always worry where the next gig is coming from. And then "AGT" comes along. [imitating Emperor Palpatine] Yes, young Skywalker. [imitating Yoda] Do or do not. There is no try. Yes! [imitating Chewbacca's growl] [cheers and applause] That was actually a very special moment, Greg. Never seen anything like that. It felt like someone really gets me. I mean, it touched me, yeah. ♪ I reach my hands out ♪ [laughs] I'm in Universal Studios! There it is, that's the clock tower from "Back to the Future." Being here at Universal Studios, wow, I mean, there's so much history. Oh, Steven Spielberg Drive. And Universal Studios has really inspired the set that I'm gonna do for the Judge Cuts. ♪ ♪ I've created something that I've never done before. I feel like if I show them that I'm taking a risk, then it proves to them that I really want this. I just really need this "AGT" thing to work out. [cheers and applause] What did you do to step up your game? Well, this time I created a whole new thing, something I've never done before. I'm gonna go full-on. Ooh. Yeah. [cheers and applause] All right, let's see what you've got. Thank you. What I'd like to do is I'd like to share with you some of my favorite movie moments. Here we go. [gentle music] [imitating John Hammond] Welcome to Jurassic Park. [imitating dinosaur wail] [imitating loud stomping] ♪ ♪ [imitating dinosaur wail] [imitating Adrian Cronauer] Good morning, Vietnam! Oh, Robin. [imitating Doc Brown] Great Scott! Come on, Marty, it's time to go back to the future! [imitating Buzz Lightyear] To infinity and beyond! [imitating E.T.] E.T. phone home. [laughs] [imitating Daffy Duck] Duck Dodgers of the 24th and a half century! [imitating Gizmo's chittering] Mogwai, Mogwai. That's me. that's me. Wait, they're Gremlins! Don't get them wet! [imitates water splashing] [imitates Gremlins snarling] ♪ Hi-ho ♪ [imitating Tony Montana] Say hello to my little friend. [imitating Munchkins] Follow the yellow brick road. Follow the yellow brick road. Follow the yellow brick road. [imitating the Cowardly Lion] I don't wanna. [laughs] I don't have any courage. [imitating the Scarecrow] Or a brain. [imitating the Tin Man] Or a heart. [imitating scared man] What are you? What are you? [imitating Batman] I'm Batman. [imitating Neville Flynn] I'm getting sick and tired of these monkey-fighting snakes in this Monday-to-Friday plane! [laughter] [imitating Gollum] Yes, my precious. The fat Hobbitses stole it from Sméagol. [imitating Gandalf] You shall not pass! [makes crashing sound] [cheers and applause] Hey! [wild cheering] [triumphant music] ♪ ♪ What? That was amazing. That was fun. It's like going to the movies. Right. First of all, you know I'm a huge fan, and you made me even a bigger fan because you know you did me, right? Yeah. I'm Gizmo from "Gremlins," so... [imitating Gizmo] Mogwai. It's me and you did me perfectly. [imitating Bobby Generic] Um, my name is Bobby. [imitating Bobby Generic] I'm Bobby too. [cheers and applause] I love it. It was like an in memoriam. You know, the sequence that they show when people have died at The Oscars, but upbeat and at lightning speed. It was just brilliant. Me, I was in there. Oh, you were in there. I was there. He's alive. Oh, you're alive and well. I'm okay. I think, yeah. [cheers and applause] This takes me back to the beginning of "America's Got Talent," this act, which was genuinely believing there were people out there like you who had this great talent, but where do you showcase your talent to the whole of America? And I do think you deserve this opportunity to be at the Dolby Theatre. [cheers and applause] Thank you. We have 18 acts, and only 7 can go through, and when you said that you tried a whole new act, I went, "Oh, no, that is a big risk," and then you nailed it completely. That risk was worth it. Thank you. It was unbelievable. Thank you so much. Thank you. ♪ ♪ I want him to do well so badly. I know, I really love him. How do you feel right now? I'm happy. Yes, you are. You're doing great, by the way. Thank you for saying that. That makes me feel better. You guys couldn't be nicer. I wanna hear y'all make some noise! You tore the house down! Oh, my word! You came out here, and then it was just, bam! You haven't seen nothing. I do believe this is what "America's Got Talent" is all about. I'm about to cry. I thought it was beautiful. . Ellie, I think your seat is lowering. It's getting lower. Wait, should I stand up? Yeah. Oh. How's this? Does this seem fine? It's just when I looked past Gabrielle to you, it was you and Ellie going, "This is much easier than I thought it would be." [laughter] [cheers and applause] Hey! How y'all doing? Uh-oh. Oh, remember her? Oh, I love her! She was a background singer that can sing her face off. Hey, people. Hello. So, Carmen, how has life changed for you since you were on the auditions? Well, I sleep better. Really? Yes, all of the comments that you all made, they were fantastic. It was a boost because-- Was that unexpected, to be-- Well, I don't know. You don't know what people think, you know what I mean? So to get that acclaim, that was cool. In my early 20s, I really had dreams of being a star, but I just couldn't go to that next level. [somber music] I'm so grateful that background work could provide for my family, but it's always been like, you know, what if I could become a solo singer? [vocalizing] I think you have an amazing voice, and there has never been a person who has ever bought a record they love based on how old or how big the artist is. For Simon to say that, see, I'm getting emotional right now. It just...[exhales] It touched me in a whole different way. It felt like... I don't know. I don't know. ♪ ♪ Simon's comment made me, you know, realize it was never too later. It's never too late. There's nothing to stop me now. It's my time. That's why I'm here. I want this so bad, I really do, and I'm ready. [cheers and applause] All right, well, Carmen... Yes? I cannot wait to see it. Let's go. Okay, we're ready now. One, two, three, hit it. ["Come Together" begins] Come on, "AGT"! Hey! I wanna hear y'all make some noise! [all cheering] All right. "AGT," are you ready? Ready! Well, let me hear you say yeah. all: Yeah! Say yeah. all: Yeah! Say yeah. Yeah! ♪ Oh yeah, yeah ♪ Check this out. ♪ Here come old flat top ♪ ♪ He come grooving up slowly ♪ ♪ He got joo-joo eyeballs ♪ ♪ He one holy roller ♪ ♪ He got hair down to his knees ♪ ♪ Got to be a joker ♪ ♪ 'Cause he do what he please ♪ ♪ Come on y'all ♪ Oh. My chair-- [laughs] [vocalizing] ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ Now this is for you guys in the back, check it. ♪ He wear no shoeshine ♪ ♪ He got toe jam football ♪ ♪ He got monkey finger ♪ ♪ He shoot Coca-Cola ♪ ♪ He say I know you ♪ ♪ You know me ♪ ♪ One thing I can tell you ♪ ♪ Is you got to be free ♪ ♪ Come together ♪ ♪ Right now ♪ ♪ Over me, yeah, yeah ♪ Whoo! [vocalizing] ♪ Come together ♪ Come on. ♪ Right now ♪ ♪ Yes better come together ♪ ♪ Right now ♪ ♪ I said come together ♪ ♪ Right now ♪ ♪ Over me ♪ Yeah! [holding note] [wild cheering] Carmen Carter, remember that name. [cheers and applause] ♪ I remember me ♪ ♪ I remember me ♪ ♪ It don't matter where I go ♪ She rocked that. ♪ I remember me ♪ Standing O. It's crazy. ♪ I remember me ♪ ♪ Even if I say good-bye ♪ ♪ Start to cry, do or die ♪ I broke my chair in a fit of ecstasy. I sank to the ground. That was unbelievable. It was so-- you felt it in your heart, in your soul. Bravo. So beautiful. Carmen Carter! Thank you. [cheers and applause] Even though it wasn't perfect, your voice is outstanding. Thank you. But you can't just keep doing cover versions and expect everything to materialize. [scattered grumbling] That's the only thing, in my opinion, you're lacking. But we'll see. Good luck. [cheers and applause] Tell you what I know. You are amazingly talented. You are truly worthy of going through, but we have the toughest job because it depends on what everybody else delivers tonight, but good luck. Thank you. I appreciate it. ♪ I remember me ♪ ♪ I remember me ♪ Carmen Carter! All right! Oh, my God. Hey! Carmen. Carmen. She's amazing. Yeah, but we have a lot more to go. ♪ I remember me ♪ . There are a lot of great acts tonight. Who's next? Oh, you're gonna love this one. This is a great illusionist. Oh, I'm so excited to see it. ♪ I'm so excited ♪ Nicholas Wallace, welcome back. What have you decided to do to, like, step it up? Well, I'm gonna be a little more hands-on this time. Good luck. I'm gonna invite Terry to join me out onstage. Terry Crews, ladies and gentlemen. [cheers and applause] Now, Terry, what I want you to do is I want you to imagine one famous location. [voice fading] We're gonna go on a mental journey. Just let your eyes close. [echoing] Eyes close, eyes close, eyes close. Take a deep breath in. Imagine yourself floating around the globe. [echoing] The globe, the globe. Project an image of this location to me. [echoing] To me, to me, to me. Okay, Terry, I want you to tell us, where are you imagining that you are? Statue of Liberty. Have a look. Give Terry Crews a big round of applause. That's great! [cheers and applause] Uh, I thought it was quite boring actually. Your feat was amazing and unexplainable, but not the way you presented it. So we'll see what happens. Thank you, thanks. I was losing focus already when he was explaining it. He's got to be zippier. I was bored out of my mind. I was bored out of my mind. [cheers and applause] Hi, welcome back. Tell us your name and your dog's name. I'm Ray Underwood. This is Magic. We're excited to see what you've got in store for us. [gentle classical music] ♪ ♪ Yeah, he's got to get that audience going. Mm-hmm. ♪ ♪ I always say, you know, I like to watch the audience watching an act because it tells me everything. I'm not sure if that is good news for you. We'll find out later. Thank you. Yes, thank you so much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Julianne, that reminded me of being at school. It was so boring, I would literally... Be so bored, yeah. Switch off. I'm nervous. Yeah. When Gonzo saw a tambourine for the first time, he fell in love. [laughter] [rattling gently] Whoo! When Gonzo plays, he and the tambourine become one. It is a spiritual experience. ♪ Took my chances ♪ [cheers and applause] To do that song in a thong, I love you! This time Gonzo is stepping up his performance by bringing traditional Japanese karate moves. [grunting] Tonight, there's no room for mistakes. America, are you ready? Let's go! ♪ Of the tiger ♪ [cheers and applause] Oh, this one. I like his bodyguard. This guy's great. Ohh. Welcome back. I will be back. No, you are back. You are back. Now back. Now back. Yes, now back. Okay, your name is...? [both speaking Japanese] My name is Gonzo. [cheers and applause] [laughs] Do you still think you can win? Of course. [cheers and applause] The next two minutes are all yours. [speaking Japanese] I seize the two minutes. Thank you. [cheers and applause] [traditional Japanese music] ♪ ♪ [tambourine rattling] ♪ ♪ [Bonnie Tyler's "Holding Out for a Hero"] Oh, my gosh! ♪ Somewhere after midnight ♪ ♪ In my wildest fantasy ♪ ♪ Somewhere just beyond my reach ♪ ♪ There's someone reaching back for me ♪ ♪ Racing on the thunder ♪ ♪ And rising with heat ♪ ♪ It's gonna take a superman ♪ ♪ To sweep me off my feet ♪ ♪ I need a hero ♪ ♪ I'm holding out for a hero till the end of the night ♪ ♪ He's gotta be sure and he's gotta be soon ♪ ♪ Gotta be larger than life ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Larger than life ♪ Whoa! ♪ I'm holding out for a hero ♪ Ohh! ♪ Till the end of the night ♪ ♪ ♪ [thunder crackles] [cheers and applause] [Peaches & Herb's "Shake Your Groove Thing"] Aww. Aww. So good. Gonzo, thank you. Julianne. I gotta be honest. Everybody was sleeping before you came out here. I'm not kidding. I mean, I saw this kid over here put his shirt over his head 'cause he was trying to yawn, and then you came out here, and then it was just, bam! ♪ Shake your groove thing ♪ I love it. ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ Howie, what did you think of Gonzo's performance? See, this is what is speak about constantly, the element of surprise and raising it to another level and just that ending death stare, which was just-- ♪ ♪ That's a hard stare. Whoa! Every time! Every time! [speaking Japanese] That's secret weapon. I know. Okay, Gabrielle, what did you think? I mean, as much as I love this performance, I don't think it was better than the first time. The thing I'm missing most that you gave us in the first audition was your nakedness, and I feel like you did yourself a disserve by covering up. That's all I'm gonna say. Open? No, no, no, no. [laughter and cheers] Oh, my God. ♪ Strut our stuff ♪ That's as far as we need to go, Gonzo. That's it. Oh, oh. Ah, I've got to be honest with you. I would be sorry to lose you. Ah. But I'm gonna ask the audience, would you put Gonzo through to the finals? [wild cheering] ♪ Shake your groove thing, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Show 'em how we do it now ♪ ♪ ♪ Okay, we'll be talking about you later. ♪ ♪ ♪ Funky sounds, wall to wall ♪ [indistinct] [gong blares] Oh, oh, sorry! [screaming] I'm gonna be really honest with you. You like that one? I loved him. I'm in a good mood. ♪ ♪ I would pay to see this in Vegas. [buzzer] I'm gonna kill him. I think you could be stars. [cheers and applause] . [gentle piano music]. What are you looking for in a Golden Buzzer? Someone who wows the crowd, who wows me, and has a special-- I don't want to say energy-- charisma. That's what I'm looking for. Listen, might not know until it happens. Man, it would be so cool if we got the Golden Buzzer, yeah. Got it, okay. [cheers and applause] Oh-oh! Welcome back. Let's start with the introduction again, please. We are Revolution, the Queens of Malambo. We are from Argentina, Buenos Aires. I really do remember very well this first audition. You had an amazing energy. [dramatic rock music] Whoo! You guys danced for your life. It was beautiful to see. Thank you for your performance. Thank you. [cheers and applause] So where are you gonna step things up from your first audition? We've been working hard, practicing a lot, to make this presentation even better than the previous one. Yeah. So we bring to you something new. Well, there's about a thousand of us judging you tonight, so good luck. Thank you so much. Yes, you got this. [cheers and applause] All right, well, I hope they brought their "A" game. [dramatic percussive music] ♪ ♪ Yeah. Whoo! Whoa, fire! ♪ ♪ Oh, I love this. ♪ ♪ This is crazy. ♪ ♪ [wild cheering] [gentle music] You literally lit the stage on fire. "I am woman. Hear me roar." I absolutely loved it. Yes! Way to go. Thank you. [cheers and applause] This is a great act, and I think what you do is unique. It's powerful. I think this is a step up from the first audition. This is good. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Man, the level of talent tonight has been incredible. I know, it's so unique. How do you top that? Imagine what they're gonna think about me. Right. 'Cause it's just me and the guitar. - Like, between the drums and the music and the fire... There was so much happening, so much going on. Yeah. But we don't really have anything like them at all. [cheers and applause] Oh, remember this guy? Hello. Welcome back. Marcin had an unbelievable audition. Thank you. I mean, we were on our feet. It was so good. [lively guitar music] Wow. You've just demonstrated what that thing was actually invented for, so respect. That was amazing. So what have you done this time around to step up the game? I was very pleased with the audition. Simon noticed flamenco influences, which I was extremely happy about, so I kind of zoned in on that and made a very, very difficult performance. You know, I think it's gonna be pretty interesting. What does it mean for you to be here? So, I mean, it means absolutely everything, and two days ago was my high school graduation back in Poland, which I missed. Aww. Yeah, so it's very sad, but I'm here for this, and I hope it's going to be a great show, you know? Oh, I'm so excited to see it. Take it away. Thank you, yeah. I hope he does well. He's a nice guy. He's really lovely. [strumming, tuning] [percussive strumming] ♪ ♪ [lively music] ♪ ♪ Whoa! ♪ ♪ Whoo! Oh, my God. ♪ ♪ Ohh! ♪ ♪ [music crescendos] [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Ahh! Ohh! Wow. ♪ ♪ I mean... [music slows] [rapid playing] Oh! Ahh! Wow. [wild cheering] [Ed Sheeran's "Castle on the Hill"] ♪ ♪ You have just witnessed greatness. ♪ ♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo! Thank you so much. Gabs! I mean, rock star. You are unique and dynamic and explosive, and you did not disappoint, young man. Way to go. Thank you so much. Thank you. ♪ ♪ Simon. I think the fact that you actually got the reaction you just got without anything around you other than just you, the guitar, and a couple wires just really tells us what an amazing talent you have, because there's no question or doubt, I mean, in terms of musicians, you're one of the best I've ever heard. Thank you for saying that. [cheers and applause] I think that's part of what I loved is it was seemingly simple. I mean, you have an instrument, you have some wires and you have you. Right. I think the fact that you completely moved this audience with just that speaks volumes, and you're a virtuoso, you're an artist, you're a genius in this way. [cheers and applause] Marcin, I was so blown away last time. I think you are an absolute natural. I feel like you appeal to everyone. I also am gonna go out on a whim and say this. I think you have a shot to win this whole thing. Thank you so much. ♪ I'm on my way ♪ ♪ Driving at 90 down those ♪ I don't know what to say. Well, we'll be finding out later. See you later, and thank you. ♪ I miss the way you make me feel ♪ You got out on a limb, not a whim. A whim? No, a limb. [laughs] Whoops! [laughter] Julianne said that you could win this whole thing. Well, this just motivates me for the next stage, if I go through, then I definitely need to step it up, and I have some pretty good ideas, some fun ways to step it up, so... Awesome. ♪ On the hill ♪ . ♪ This thing called love ♪ ♪ I just can't handle it ♪ ♪ I ain't ready ♪ ♪ Crazy little thing called love ♪ Look, Jacob, all I would say is you're very talented, but I think this is as good as your first audition. No. This is gonna be a tricky one for me. I was disappointed. His first one was so good. Patrizio, this is the Judge Cuts. What do you have for us now? I can tell you, but yeah, I will surprise them. I understand, it's a surprise. Yeah, right. It's a surprise. [electronic music] You are amazingly talented. But this was not a step up. ♪ ♪ This was less of a dazzling performance as your first one. [audience boos] That was disappointing 'cause I liked him the first time. I think there's a lot of acts we've seen where you go, "First time great, second time..." Oh, my God. I cannot believe it. I know what it's like when things go really bad. [upbeat music] Okay, okay. Ansley, Ansley. I don't think this backing track was working for you. I mean, it was a horrible, horrible backing track. [audience awws] My first audition, ugh! Oh, my Lord. I thought it's all over. It's done. Do you want some water? Uh, yeah. I thought I was gonna die. I was so scared. This will help. [cheers and applause] Oh, my God. It's my magic water. It's yours. They let me sing it again without the music. ♪ I ain't no psychiatrist ♪ ♪ I ain't no doctor with degrees ♪ You're a little fighter, aren't you Ansley? [cheers and applause] They liked it. And I flipped out, and now, guess what, I made it to L.A. [chuckles] Yeah, it's different. It's something I'm not used to, and I'm just little Ansley from Easley, South Carolina, but I have one thing. There's no sweet tea anywhere, which is crazy. This is the biggest opportunity ever, but there's only seven spots, so I'm stepping it up, and I want to make sure that it sounds perfect, because I don't want to be stopped again. Yeah. [chuckles] Yeah. Eh. [laughter] [cheers and applause] I remember this little girl. Oh. She's, like, super cute, and she's got the real thick southern accent. You're back. I'm back. And just tell us your name again. Ansley Burns. [southern accent] And Ansley Burns, tell me where you're from in America. South Carolina. South Carolina. [scattered applause] And just remind us how old you are. I'm 12 years old. Okay. So tell me about what it's been like being in L.A. I'm curious. Well, it's different. Definitely. Yes. [laughter] When I came back home from my audition, my mama's friend, they were talking about all the traffic going on. I'm just like, "You haven't seen nothing." [laughter] Wow. Like... Seen it all. [cheers and applause] From my memory, you're very talented. So I'm excited to hear what you're gonna do. Okay. Good luck. [cheers and applause] ["Good Girl" begins] ♪ ♪ ♪ Hey, good girl ♪ ♪ With your head in the clouds ♪ ♪ I bet you I can tell you ♪ ♪ What you're thinkin' about ♪ ♪ His lips are dripping honey ♪ ♪ But I'll sting you like a bee ♪ ♪ Hey good girl get out while you can ♪ ♪ I know you think you got a good man ♪ ♪ Why it's just a matter of time ♪ ♪ Till you find ♪ ♪ He's low ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ He's no good ♪ Ansley, Ansley, sorry. Uh, the track actually was overwhelming you like before, and it was pushing your vocals so much, but when you came down in tone and tempo, and I really liked your voice at that point, can you just do the second half of the song a cappella? And make it your version. I don't want to hear that kind of push in your vocals, because it's going off-key a little bit. Okay. Um, okay. I gotta think real quick. [chuckles] Okay. Okay. ♪ Why ♪ ♪ Why you gotta be so blind ♪ ♪ Won't you open up your eyes ♪ ♪ It's just a matter of time ♪ ♪ Till you find ♪ ♪ He's no good ♪ ♪ He's no good ♪ ♪ Won't you open up your eyes ♪ ♪ It's just a matter of time ♪ ♪ Till you find ♪ ♪ He's no good girl ♪ ♪ No good for you ♪ ♪ You better get to getting on your good-bye shoes ♪ [wild cheering] [gentle music] Whoo! Yeah, yeah. Oh, the girl can sing. No doubt. ♪ ♪ You know what's awesome about you? Simon was like, "A cappella," and you're like, "Okay." And you did it at your audition, and here you are again taking that gamble and blew it out of the water. Thank you. And I appreciate it. Thank you. [cheers and applause] I was wowed by the first performance. I cannot believe the voice that comes out of you, and to perform what you just did under this amount of pressure, to me, is astounding. I'm, like, almost about to cry. I thought it was beautiful. [cheers and applause] One of the things I've always loved about you, Ansley, you have just the most amazing personality. You really, really do. You really make me laugh, and I don't believe there is ever such thing as a perfect first or second audition. Our job is to see where you could go and where we could help you, but I think this is a way, way better audition than the first time. I think you've got something special about you. I really like you. ♪ This is my fight song ♪ ♪ Take back my life song ♪ But as we say, we have 18 acts, so... Yeah, but they don't all have sparkly shoes. That's true. [laughter] We'll be talking about you later. Take care. Bye. ♪ And I don't really care if nobody else believes ♪ She, funny enough, is someone who I genuinely believe we could help. Ahh! ♪ No I've still got a lot of fight left in me ♪ . It's a tough competition, without a doubt. It really is, it's all about stepping it up. Let's do this. Yeah. Okay. So we had Light Balance on a few years ago. These are Light Balance Kids. all: Light Balance Kids, whoo! We are... all: Light Balance Kids. We are from Ukraine, and we are dancers. [laughter] Light Balance is a team that performed on "AGT" and "AGT: Champions." My life was completely changed by "America's Got Talent." So I wanted to give other children the chance to make their dreams come true. Growing up in Ukraine, I think it's really different to growing up in America. Our country has been in a war for about five years. Some of us had to leave their homes and leave some family members even behind. ♪ I like ♪ Our first audition went really well. ♪ I like ♪ Ohh! ♪ Let me tell you what ♪ [cheers and applause] There's four yeses! Being back here in America is, like, really a dream come true. For some of us, flying was the first time ever on the plane. Our plane was nicer than a house. We could live there. [laughter] We have a big dream of following in Light Balance's footsteps. So we're feeling a lot of pressure because we want to do as good or even better than they did. We really, really, really want to. [cheers and applause] Oh, yay, I love them. Welcome back. We remember you. You guys were absolutely amazing. Hi. Thank you. So give us your age range of your group. The youngest of us is 11, and the oldest is 13. And tell us where you're from. We are from Ukraine. Wow. Thank you guys for coming all the way back. So can you explain a little bit of what you guys do. We are a dance group, but it's not just dancing. It's also lights, programming, coding. There's a lot that goes into this to make a whole, good performance. All right, we can't wait to see what you guys do. Good luck. Thank you. [cheers and applause] I'm so excited. Oh, here we go. Oh. Oh, my God. [engine whirring] ["Let's Shut Up & Dance"] Hey! Whoa. Bass drop. ♪ ♪ ♪ Shut up and dance baby ♪ ♪ Show me something ♪ Hey! ♪ ♪ Ohh! ♪ ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ ♪ [whirring] ♪ ♪ [buzzer blares] [laughs] Oh! ♪ Give me your, give me your ♪ ♪ Give me your attention baby ♪ ♪ I got tell you a little something about yourself ♪ ♪ Oh-whoa ♪ ♪ I know that you don't know it ♪ ♪ But you're fine, so fine ♪ ♪ Fine, so fine ♪ ♪ Oh-whoa ♪ ♪ Oh girl I'm gonna show you when you're mine, oh mine ♪ ♪ Mine oh mine ♪ Whoa! ♪ ♪ Oh. Whoa! ♪ ♪ [wild cheering] I want more. [upbeat music] Whoo! [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Whoo. Light Balance Kids tore the house down! Julianne, let's start with you. Oh, my goodness, well, first of all, this round is all about stepping it up. You did not disappoint. The creativity, the innovation was off the charts. Thank you. So good. Totally agree. You know, I was a fan of Light Balance, the adults. I even like Light Balance Kids better than the regular Light Balance. Yeah. And it's really clear. You know, you always bring up, Simon, like, where do you see this going? I would go pay to see this in Vegas. I would see this at a live concert. I love you guys. Thank you. Simon. I haven't seen people your age, so young, do something so brilliant, so unique, and the level of rehearsals that must go into that... Yes. Is quite incredible. I think you could be stars. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Ellie. Okay, you guys, I'm new here. I'm just a guest. I thought this was the definition of a spectacle. It was truly spectacular. It was marvelous. But there are only seven acts that can go forward, and I just wish there were some guarantee to get you guys through to the live show. If only there were one surefire way we could get you there. Oh, wait. There is! [intense music] There is! ♪ Light me up again ♪ ♪ Light me up again ♪ ♪ Light me up again ♪ Oh, my God. Golden Buzzer for Light Balance Kids, y'all. ♪ Light me up again ♪ ♪ And you don't hold back ♪ Give it up for Light Balance Kids! ♪ And you don't look back so I won't look back ♪ That was so great. ♪ Light me up again ♪ [sobbing] Congratulations! That was a no-brainer. ♪ Light me up again ♪ Oh, my gosh. Amazing. Guys. Such hard work. I can't imagine. Fantastic, thank you. Yeah! Thank you. You're in the live shows. ♪ ♪ Okay, everybody, Ellie Kemper has given Light Balance Kids the Golden Buzzer! [cheers and applause] They are going direct to the live shows in Hollywood. Give it up one more time for these talented kids. [wild cheering] Thank you. ♪ Light me up again ♪ ♪ ♪ You guys did it. You did it. Yes! [all cheering] There's six slots left now, which is--oh. ♪ We are, we are ♪ ♪ Yeah-ah ♪ I couldn't listen to that screaming any longer. Don't be a hypocrite. Oh. [cheers and applause] Ahh! Oh, God! That's brilliant, whoo! None of you are going through to the live shows. . Okay, yeah, this is your new co-judge. Oh, okay, perfect. It's an improvement for sure. [laughter] [buzzer] all: Ohh! I know what that's like. Good boy. If that happens to us again, I'm going to melt. We're... all: Stephanie's Child! From New York City, and we're singers. ♪ Bang, bang into the room ♪ Most drag queens lip sync. What sets us apart is the fact that we are singers. We are the top of the top when it comes to what we do. ♪ She might have let you hold her hand in school ♪ ♪ But I'm gonna show you how to graduate ♪ [buzzer] We thought we were doing great. Yes, we thought we were, like, living our best life. Bahh! Red X. I thought the vocals were terrible. [audience clamors] Simon Cowell, you're wrong! Three yeses! Thank you so much! ♪ Bang bang into the room ♪ We came here to win. Yes. We want to make music, we want to sell out arenas. All of that. Yeah! We want that for ourselves. [cheers and applause] They hate me. all: Hello! Hi. Hi, Simon. How are you? Welcome back. Thank you so much. And the group is called? all: Stephanie's Child. Okay. [laughter] Okay, so it was kind of a mixed response in your first audition. Everyone loved us except you. [laughter] You know, you actually said that we-- the vocals were horrible. That's what I said, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that is what you said. Personally, you should have had someone else singing the vocals, but... You know, that's funny, because in past seasons on this show, the judges collectively said that lip-syncing is not a talent, so for you to say that, you know, we should lip sync is saying that we should not present a talent to you, so that really doesn't make any sense to me, Simon. Oh, I like this. It's just like, don't be a hypocrite. Okay, well look, you know, I hope I'm wrong. Let's do it. Great. All right. Can't wait. Wow, a little battle going on here. Go! ♪ Now I'm out here looking like revenge ♪ ♪ Feeling like a ten, the best I've ever been ♪ ♪ And yeah I know how bad it must hurt ♪ ♪ To see me like this but it gets worse ♪ ♪ Baby I'm sorry ♪ ♪ Not sorry ♪ ♪ Baby I'm sorry ♪ ♪ I'm not sorry ♪ ♪ Being so bad got me feeling so good ♪ ♪ Showing you up like I knew that I would ♪ ["Confident" begins] Not everyone is going to love what you do. But, America, we've got one question for you. [cheers and applause] ♪ What's wrong with being, what's wrong with being ♪ ♪ What's wrong with being confident ♪ ♪ Oh what's wrong with being, what's wrong with being ♪ [laughs] ♪ What's wrong with being confident ♪ ♪ Yeah-ah ♪ ♪ What's wrong with being, what's wrong with being ♪ ♪ What's wrong ♪ ♪ What's wrong with being confident ♪ ♪ What's wrong with being, what's wrong with being ♪ Oh, my God. Yeah. ♪ Confident ♪ [wild cheering] [upbeat music] Oh, the audience is on its feet, but Simon still buzzed them. Drag queens don't usually sing. For a reason. No! I-- [crowd boos] I'm gonna kill him. It's okay. You'll beat us to it. [laughter] But I lived it, this is why we're gonna fight to make sure that you're one of the six spots that go to the live. Thank you, Howie. Thank you, Howie. Thank you. [cheers and applause] For me, I couldn't listen to that screaming any longer. I mean, whoever was doing the high thing-- [audience boos] Look, it's just my opinion. I love a wrong opinion. Don't you girls? [laughter and cheering] ♪ Bang bang into the room ♪ Bye, guys! Bye, everyone! Bye, guys! They didn't listen to Simon, and it looked like it didn't pay off. No. What is up with Simon? Talk to me. You know, he just doesn't get it, and that's okay. He's gonna get it one day. You know, we're supposed to kind of support each other. Not when you're wrong. Oh-oh-oh! Oh, wait till you hear that back. We'll do the best we can. That's all we can hope for. We've been working hard. [lips sputter] [cheers and applause] Welcome back. How are you? Thank you. It's great to be back. And your names again are? I'm Nick. And? And I'm Lindsay. The last time you auditioned, and, Nick, I think you got some criticism about your singing. Was that, right? Yes, and thank you for that criticism. Ugh. Because being a singer for so long, sometimes you forget to just do the little things. So it made me tell myself, you know what, I'm gonna try to get my voice in better shape. Good. Okay. [cheers and applause] [playing Johann Strauss II's "The Blue Danube"] ♪ ♪ I'm Nick. And I'm Lindsay. From New Orleans, Louisiana. Most people don't think that the side show and the opera go hand in hand, but actually it does. [singing in Italian] ♪ ♪ It's dangerous, it's funny. Thank you so much. To get positive feedback from that, we were absolutely floored. Well, not 100% positive. What didn't you like about my voice? Your voice. [audience boos] Really? Okay. I honestly felt vocally that I was on my "A" game, so that was a surprise. And I thought so too, and I would tell you if you weren't. I mean, I felt really good. Yeah. You know, there's people that have criticized Pavarotti. ♪ ♪ That shouldn't stop you. That's only making me work harder. So we're pushing the vocals. And we're pushing the danger. And we want to fight to be in the live shows, because we're not done yet. We're not done yet. [cheers and applause] Well, good luck. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. All right. [cheers and applause] ["Music of the Night" plays] Oh, are those razor blades? Yep. Do not try this at home. ♪ Slowly gently ♪ [muffled vocalizing] [gasps] Ugh. [humming melody] ♪ ♪ ♪ Darkness which you know you cannot fight ♪ ♪ The darkness of the music of the night ♪ ♪ Let your mind start a journey ♪ [audience groans, gasps] ♪ Through a strange new world ♪ ♪ Let your soul take you where you long to be ♪ Honestly, what's happening? [audience screams] ♪ Floating, falling ♪ ♪ Sweet intoxication ♪ Oh, my gosh! ♪ Touch me, trust me ♪ ♪ Savor each sensation ♪ [audience screaming] ♪ Let the dream begin ♪ ♪ Let your darker side give in ♪ ♪ You alone can make my song take flight ♪ Ahh! Oh, God! [cheers and applause] ♪ Help me make the music ♪ ♪ Of the ♪ ♪ Night ♪ ♪ ♪ [wild cheering] [operatic music] I guess? ♪ ♪ Let me start with Howie. What I love-- there was just so much. [laughter] Saw, like, knife throwing. Not great knife throwing, but it was there, and I heard violin playing. Not great violin playing, but it was there. I even saw the top of your butt, sir, as you walked-- These are my lucky shorts. Not so lucky for us. [laughter] Julianne. They're super cute. You guys are characters, and I think that's brilliant. Thank you. You're fun, and you're dangerous, and you're scary. You've upped the ante, and I'm here for it. Whoo! Yeah! Thank you. [cheers and applause] I loved it. I love your personalities. I was worried at the beginning, because it wasn't so precise, and I feel this act relies on precision, but it in fact didn't, even though there's fire and nails and razors. I don't know how you are alive right now, but you did it. That was great. both: Thank you. Um... I want to see what the monster has to say. Well, look, it's fantastically nuts. Yeah, yeah. Oh, my God. I mean, did I sound better this time? You know what, I wasn't even thinking about your singing this time. I was just thinking, you know, none of it's great but collectively it's fantastic. Yeah, yeah. [cheers and applause] But are you good enough to make it through to the live shows? We're gonna find out later, but thank you so much. [wild cheering] ♪ ♪ You walked off to a standing ovation. It wasn't perfect, but we loved every bit of it. You can't write that. I don't think anybody did. ♪ ♪ . [upbeat music] Whoa! Whoa! Oh, my gosh! You guys have this, like, precision and professionalism. [cheers and applause] I feel like the drama was there, the danger was there. That's what we want on this show. You did a great job. Thank you guys. Thank you. Great job. So much pressure, you know? So we have no room for any mistakes. [cheers and applause] Oh, I remember. Oh, very sexy. Hello. Tell us the name of your act. We are the Duo Maintenant. So you had an incredible first audition. I think all of us were blown away. [cheers and applause] Whoo! Takes so much strength. You're amazing. Well, it was like perfection, wasn't it? I mean, I could only score this in my mind out of ten, and that is a ten. Brilliant. ♪ ♪ We are very happy to be back here tonight. This time it's even stronger. We hope you will love it. With no further ado. ♪ I'm done with the noise that life seems to bring ♪ ♪ But I'll use my voice, it's my turn to sing ♪ We often see these strength acts. This was so seamless and so smooth. ♪ ♪ ♪ I've been waiting, I have been waiting ♪ I cannot get over the physical ability of you two. It's just stunning. What you did was, like, ridiculous. So--right? Am I right or am I right? Yes. Yes! Yeah. Unbelievable. [cheers and applause] Thank you. The strength is amazing. I think they're probably our best duo though. Edson and Leon, the judges are ready the stage. [gentle music] The first time that I saw Edson and Leon perform, they completely blew my mind away. [cheers and applause] Is he really 84 years old? 84 years old. He's like the guy from "Up." Yes. When you first meet Edson and Leon, you think that they're, like, normal, old, grumpy guys, but they're very, very different. He trains, trains, trains. Me, I like to eat. Always eating. [chomps] Being on "America's Got Talent" was always their dream, but it came a little bit later in their life, and this is probably the last chance of Leon to show the world his talent. That makes me want to cry. Ah, see, I'm gonna start to cry. ♪ ♪ We want to show it doesn't matter how old you are. You can follow your dreams. [speaking Portuguese] [cheers and applause] Ohh! Yes! Oh! Oh, he's doing "Up." Oh, it is like "Up." Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Edson and Leon, you guys dazzled us on the auditions, and for those that don't know, they're from Brazil, and he is eighty--- 84. [cheers and applause] One of the strongest, most athletic acts I've ever seen comes from that man holding the balloons. You guys surprised us the first time. I know what I'm in store for now, so let's see it. [cheers and applause] I like the "Up" idea. I love the "Up." Oh, it's adorable. Okay, I'm nervous for some reason. ♪ Tonight I'm gonna ♪ Hey! ♪ Have myself a real good time ♪ ♪ So don't stop me ♪ ♪ 'Cause I've having a good time ♪ I'm so nervous. ♪ Having a good time ♪ ♪ I'm a shooting star leaping through the sky ♪ ♪ Like a tiger defying the laws of gravity ♪ ♪ I'm a racing car passing by like Lady Godiva ♪ ♪ I'm gonna go, go, go ♪ Hey! ♪ There's no stopping me ♪ Oh, my God! [sighs] ♪ Through the sky yeah ♪ ♪ Two hundred degrees ♪ ♪ That's why they call me Mr. Fahrenheit ♪ ♪ I'm traveling at the speed of light ♪ The glasses make me nervous. ♪ ♪ ♪ Don't stop me, don't stop me ♪ ♪ Don't stop me, hey, hey, hey ♪ Uh-oh. Oh, gosh. ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ Hey! [laughter] ♪ Good time, good time ♪ Oh, my goodness. ♪ Ohh ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh I'm burning through the sky yeah ♪ Yes! That's amazing. ♪ That's why they call me Mr. Fahrenheit ♪ ♪ Traveling at the speed of light ♪ ♪ I wanna make a supersonic man out of you ♪ ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ I'm having such a good time ♪ ♪ I'm having a good time ♪ Yay! ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ If you wanna have a good time ♪ Ahhh! ♪ Just give me a call ♪ ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm having a good time ♪ ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ Yes I'm having a good time ♪ Oh, my gosh. ♪ Don't wanna stop at all ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh, my God. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ [wild cheering] [Jackie Wilson's "Higher and Higher"] A standing ovation. ♪ ♪ Oh, I love it. [cheers and applause] I mean, wow. I think the audience got a taste of what we got during the audition round, because when you get started, you're like, "Whoa!" It was absolutely endearing and charming, and death-defying, and we loved it. Great job. Thank you so much. Ellie? I loved it. I think what you're doing is beyond impressive, and I love the way you coolly slink about the stage like it's no big deal. Yeah. It's really quite a feat. Great job. Thank you. Thank you. Simon? I do believe this is what "America's Got Talent" is all about. Something which we've never seen before, which is actually quite inspiring, and you've certainly proved the point at 84, your motor's still running. Thank you. Thank you. Julianne? What you guys showed us from the first audition was outstanding, but there's 18 acts and only 6 can go through. So this time around, you needed to step it up, and you did not disappoint, so you've just made our jobs a lot harder. Well done. Great job. Thank you. ♪ Keep on lifting ♪ They did step it up. They did. It's gonna be tough. ♪ Higher and higher ♪ Thank you. Good luck. ♪ Keep on ♪ ♪ Lifting me ♪ Yeah. They're our competition. ♪ Higher and higher ♪ It was so good, you guys. Oh, my God. The grip is amazing. The grip is amazing. His forearms were very thick. He looks like he has grown man strength is what we say. Correct. That's right. He can change a carburetor and chop wood and-- Yes or lift a full-grown man. ♪ Lift me up woman ♪ . This is gonna be a tough one. This is hard. There's actually a lot of good people this show. No pressure. How do you compare... Right. What you do to what I do to the 12-year-old singer? Right. Competition is fierce. [rat squeaks] My name is Melissa Arleth, I'm 40 years old, and I'm originally from New York. I've got a 24-foot trailer, and I travel all over the country performing with my rats. ♪ ♪ I love these guys, but unfortunately there is still a lot of stigma about rats. People think of creepy sewer rats or bitey rats. It's cute. Ohh, she's very sweet. But they are such sweet and loveable creatures. [cheers and applause] I think rats have just got bad PR. People think they're nasty. They're nice. Four yeses. I loved when they said rats get a bad rap, because I've been saying that for years. Ohh! [laughter] Rats are super smart. They can learn a routine in a fraction amount of time that a dog might be learning it. [Magic grumbles, rat squeaks] I love being on the road, but the idea that I could have my own show in Vegas and really build something even bigger and grander than I already have is pretty exciting. I just know that people all over America are gonna fall in love with my rats, and if the fifth judge has a heart, how can they not fall in love as well? [rat squealing] [cheers and applause] Good evening, Melissa. Good evening. Ah. How are you? I am-- [rat squeaking] Whoa! [audience oohs] We're both really excited to be here. You're both really excited to be here? Oh, yes. [laughter] Ellie, do you like rats? I don't like rats. For some reason, they give me the shivers, but-- Do you want to meet her? I don't-- I gotta say no. Well, good luck. Thank you. She's gonna throw him. [laughs] Right at us. [Royal Crown Revue's "Hey Pachuco"] ♪ ♪ Maracilla, through the bagel. Come on, girl. Come on. In your own time. Those New Yorkers are stubborn. Come on. Come on, girl. This is not going to plan. Come on, girl, do it. Come on. ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] Good, good. Oh. ♪ ♪ Good girl, good girl. Press the lever. ♪ ♪ Yeah. Aww. ♪ ♪ ♪ Hey Pachuco ♪ ♪ They say damn my pride ♪ Okay, Maracilla. Good. Come on. ♪ There's no place to hide ♪ Yeah. Go. Good girl. [cheers and applause] Come on, girl. Yeah. And you wait for mom over there, okay? ♪ You better grab your jack and zip gun for me ♪ [laughter] Maracilla. Here, come on. [chuckles] The rat's leaving you hanging. ♪ Well when we hit downtown ♪ ♪ We start to throw down ♪ Oh, oh. Oh! ♪ We end up doing time ♪ Right here. [laughs] ♪ Soon as they've met us ♪ ♪ They're out to get us ♪ ♪ So I stick with that gang of mine ♪ [cheers and applause] To the bridge. ♪ ♪ Good girl. And quick, across the bridge. Come on, girl. Here, here. That's my girl. That's my girl. Go on, go on. And last thing. Come on. Raise the flag. Yeah! [cheers and applause] Oh, that's so cute. Aww, the rat. ["The Star-Spangled Banner" plays] ♪ ♪ [wild cheering] Wow. Ellie, what did you think? Um, first of all, I did not think I was gonna love rats, but I think Maracella is quite a show woman. I have a toddler. I mean, he's not a rat. But I feel like sometimes it's hard to get them to do what you want them to do, so I get it, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Great job. ♪ Love is in the air ♪ The subtlety in your act is beautiful, because if anybody has spent any time in Manhattan and tries to get from one end of town to the other, it does take time, and it does take coaxing. [laughter and applause] Gabrielle? I'm sure it's a challenge to train a rat, and they have their own minds. Clearly Maracella is-- Oh, no! Has other ideas. I don't know where Maracella's going now. I think she's headed to Brooklyn, but I absolutely loved it. ♪ But it's something that I must believe in ♪ Simon. Look, it was a fun audition. I don't believe that will get you to the Dolby. [audience grumbles] But there are 18 acts. There's only six spots left now. We're gonna find out later, and thank you both so much. ♪ Love is in the air ♪ She's already hiding from the "papa-ratsi." Ohh! You know what? I'm gonna leave it with that. The papa-rats-- I can't beat that. We all see things... Right. In a very, very different light. This is gonna be difficult. ♪ ♪ . We're in our home stretch, my friends. One final segment. Bring that energy. Are you ready? Yes! [cheers and applause] One more. One more. Oh, it's so hard to be last. Yeah. You have all the pressure. Yeah. My name is MacKenzie, I'm 31 years old, and I'm a singer. One of my first jobs was as a security officer. It was actually at the Boston Symphony House. Every night, I would sneak on the stage and imagine the seats being filled. [cheers and applause] And I would just pretend and sing. That was it for me. I knew I wanted to sing, and I've been chasing the dream ever since. At the end of 2017, I had what was called a vocal hemorrhage, where a blood vessel in my vocal fold actually ruptured. I was told I could possibly lose my voice for good. That three-month period, it was one of the darkest periods of my life. ♪ I'll never let you down ♪ I was very depressed until the day the doctor said, "I want you to take a breath and I want you to hit a note." ♪ To get it another try ♪ [cheers and applause] This is what we call a great moment. You're a star, and you shine. I don't know why I got a second chance. ♪ Nothing compares ♪ But I don't wanna waste it. I want to be heard by the world, and I need to be one of those seven moving on, so I will be. [vocalizing] [cheers and applause] Welcome back, welcome back, welcome back. Thank you for having me. Your first performance literally brought the house down. What are you going to do to raise the level for the Judges Cuts? I wanted to show a different side of my voice, and I also wanted to pick a song that I felt like the lyrics really reflected my lifestyle. You know, I'm a working musician. That means a lot of late nights, a lot or hard nights, and I've been working at this for a really long time, and I think that'll be reflected in the song. Wow. Wow. Without further ado, take it away MacKenzie. [cheers and applause] ♪ Highway run ♪ ♪ Into the midnight sun ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ Sending all my love ♪ ♪ Along the wire ♪ ♪ They say that the road ain't no place ♪ ♪ To start a family ♪ ♪ But oh girl ♪ ♪ You stand by me ♪ ♪ I'm forever yours ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Faithfully ♪ Oh, wow, wow. ♪ And being apart ain't easy ♪ ♪ On this love affair ♪ Ooh, boy. ♪ Two strangers learn to fall in love again ♪ Yeah! Yes! ♪ I'm forever yours ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Faithfully ♪ ♪ Faithfully ♪ ♪ I'm still yours ♪ [holding note] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ Faith ♪ ♪ Faithfully ♪ [wild cheering] [Ben Platt's "Temporary Love"] ♪ ♪ Man. ♪ This is not a temporary love ♪ ♪ This is not a temporary love ♪ Let's start with Ellie. The joy with which you sang that song is undeniable and it was raw and it was you, and I--I loved it. Thank you. [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause] Julianne? I'm gonna say something that people might disagree with, but there was something so effortless about your first audition, but there was something that felt a little pushed, to be honest. [audience booing] Simon? I got into a spat earlier on with someone, you know, an act who I didn't think were great, and they thought they were amazing, and then you come on, I mean, how could you criticize that? I mean, it's amazing. Thank you, Simon. Thank you, thank you. You know, 'cause obviously I'm guessing a bit of a bumpy road here, right? Absolutely. To get to where you are, and I felt everything came from you. You know, it wasn't the backup track. It was a song that was personal to you, and even though it wasn't perfect, it made it perfect because it was raw, and it was real. I would say you're the best singe we've had tonight. [cheers and applause] Thank you. MacKenzie, I think we've all heard that song so many times, but the way you performed it gave me a whole different understanding of that song, and I felt that song that I've loved for many, many years in a whole, completely different way. Great job. Thank you. ♪ This is not a temporary love ♪ ♪ No this is not a temporary love ♪ The song was iconic, but you took it to a whole nother level, man. That was a version I never knew I needed. I feel good, I put my heart out there, and that's all I can do. But what about the whole night as a whole? Do you think it's hard to pick six? There's a lot we could make an argument for. We only have six spaces left. Based on all the other talent, I'm sorry to tell you, you are not going through to the live show. . So Ellie, what we've gotta do, we've gotta find 6 out of the 17. Okay. This would mean so much to me, if I could go ahead to the live shows. 40 years of career time to this moment, so if I got sent home right now, I'd be devastated. What about this act? Yes. No, no, no. I love. I just don't think is ready. It's up to the judges now, and I hope they thought my performance was good and I make it to the live shows. [inhales deeply, chuckles] Yes, yes. Yes. Are you kidding me? What? We took a big, real risk. Hopefully it was enough to get one of those six spots. ♪ ♪ Okay, we've got the six. Can I say thank you? You were amazing. Oh, thank you very--that is a huge, huge compliment. Ellie Kemper. Oh, guys, guys. Thank you to all of you for making me feel at home. The judges have made their decisions. Will the following acts please head to stage? Greg Morton and Marcin Patrzalek. ♪ You almost had me fooled ♪ [Kesha's "Praying"] ♪ ♪ ♪ Told me that I was nothing without you ♪ You've done an incredible job here. It was very, very challenging because we went back and forth and back and forth. But I will tell you that it was unanimous. ♪ ♪ And both of you are... going to the Dolby. ♪ I hope you're somewhere praying ♪ Well done, guys. ♪ Praying ♪ Congratulations. ♪ Changing ♪ Whoo! ♪ Changing ♪ [laughter] I am so happy. This is what I've worked so long for. It's insane. Live rounds, let's go. Let's go. [laughs] Let's go now. ♪ ♪ There was an argument made for every single one of you. ♪ ♪ But unfortunately, we just didn't feel we could put you into the live shows. We're really, really sorry. ♪ I can thank you for ♪ ♪ How strong I have become ♪ ♪ 'Cause you brought the flames ♪ This year, we have an incredibly tough competition. At the end of the night, I'm really sorry to tell you that none of the three acts are going through to the live shows. ♪ I hope you're somewhere praying ♪ Really, really sorry. But thank you so much. Thank you very much. ♪ Praying ♪ Thank you. ♪ I hope your soul is ♪ Oh, boy. That's heartbreaking. There's so many good people. Yeah. ♪ But after everything you've done ♪ ♪ ♪ Two powerhouse vocalists. Is there room enough for both? After a very tough battle, a lot of contentious debate, we all decided... Oh, hell yeah! You're both going through! ♪ I hope you're somewhere praying ♪ There's room enough for everybody. The water is warm. Come on in, baby. Oh, my God. Ohh! ♪ Changing ♪ I'm just glad the judges see me. You know, they see me. ♪ Praying ♪ Oh-- ♪ Praying ♪ Now it's me stepping out there as a soloist. A year ago I was laying on the couch silent, 'cause I'd just had a vocal procedure, and I was literally contemplating what I was gonna do with my life. So to have this shot now, I'm on fire, man. I'm on fire, I'm on fire. ♪ ♪ [Mika's "Happy Ending"] This day has been excruciating, because we have 18 acts, and we could only put through 7, including the Golden Buzzer. You guys are extremely talented acts, but we're not gonna be having you go through to the live shows. So sorry. I'm sorry. ♪ This is the hardest story ♪ Thank you. ♪ That I've ever told ♪ Ohh, she's crying. ♪ No hope or love or glory ♪ Aww, sorry, guys. ♪ Happy endings gone forever more ♪ I don't think they were ready for us quite just yet, but... Not gonna stop us from chasing our dreams. Yeah. And we're really proud of what we did. There's a reason why you made it to the show tonight. But we have to decide what we believe the public at home would like to see in the next round. I have to tell you we are going to invite you please to join us at the Dolby Theatre at the live broadcasts. Congratulations. That's amazing. It is your personalities and the fact that you keep trying overwon everything. Thank you guys so much. Thank you so much. Really. ♪ It's forever ♪ You made it! You made it! Oh, it was wild. We're feeling good, and we're gonna work hard. We're gonna get to the Dolby Theatre, and we're gonna show them even more of what we got. Yes. Get ready, guys. It's gonna be big. I'm scared. [laughter] Now you're scared? I've been scared. Oh, my gosh. [laughter] Oh, they're gonna think we're nuts. ♪ ♪ Both of you are terrifically talented beyond your years. But I will tell you something, even now I get nos so many times. We all do. We all get nos. And based on all the other talent, I'm sorry to tell you, you are not going through to the live shows. I'm really sorry. We are so sorry. Don't cry. ♪ This is the way that we love ♪ ♪ Like it's forever ♪ I'm sorry. Are you okay? You okay? ♪ Then live the rest of our life ♪ ♪ But not together ♪ Come on. Come down here. Come on. [sobbing] ♪ ♪ Okay, so all you gotta do, practice, practice, focus, focus. Promise? Deal? Deal. All right. Thank you so much for everything. You're so welcome. ♪ I feel as if I'm wasted ♪ A lot of people don't understand and don't get you. [translating in Japanese] People show up and-- Slow down a little bit. She's trying to keep up with you. Oh. They see you, Gonzo. And they go, "Here's a naked man from Japan with a tambourine." I said, "I'll tell you what my argument is, 'cause I--" You've got to slow down a tiny bit, Howie. [snorts] [speaking Japanese] You're going through to the live show, Gonzo! ♪ A little bit of heaven, a little bit of hell ♪ Bang! Bang! Gonzo! [cheering] ♪ Little bit of love, little bit of love ♪ [both shouting] ♪ ♪ ♪ Then live the rest of our life ♪ ♪ But not together ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 