America's Got Talent: Season 15, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America's Got Talent 
 s15e7 - Auditions 7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America's Got Talent (2006–…): Season 15, Episode 7 - Auditions 7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ‐ There is something incredible when unique people who aren't professionals, who have this unbelievable talent... ‐ ♪ Just a small‐town girl ♪ ♪ Livin' in a lonely world ♪ ‐ I think you are absolutely out of this world. ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ Don't stop believin' ♪ ‐ I've never seen anything like this. ♪ ♪ ‐ This moment is unbelievable. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ‐ Season 15 is gonna be our biggest year so far. [laughter] ♪ ♪ This is one of my favorite auditions of the show so far. ♪ ♪ ‐ Millions are gonna know your name. ‐ ♪ It goes on and on and on and on ♪ ♪ Don't stop believin' ♪ ♪ Hold on to that feeling ♪ ♪ Streetlights, people ♪ [RAIGN's "Now I Can Fly"] ♪ ♪ ‐ All right, here we go. ‐ And am I sitting in Heidi's, or am I sitting in mine? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ‐ You're sitting in Heidi's. ‐ ♪ Fearless desire ♪ ♪ Falls like a river ♪ ‐ Guys, here we are again. How you guys feel? ‐ Great. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. [laughter] ‐ It finally comes out! ‐ Uh, no, it's‐‐ ‐ Heidi arrives, Heidi disappears. Eric arrives, Eric disappears. [cheers] Sofía made me lunch today, and I suddenly started to feel sick. ‐ And I send them all cake. ‐ You did? I ate the cake? ‐ Don't eat the cake. ‐ Too late. ‐ Can I just say something? This is a bit of a change, but we do what we can do, and the show must go on. And you know what? Regardless of how many people are here, there's always something up there that's worthwhile. ‐ All right, let's get this on. ‐ Let's do it. ‐ Here we go. ‐ ♪ Whoa, oh ♪ ♪ With wings open wide ♪ ‐ All right. Hang on. Sorry! Excuse me. Thank you. Thank you so much. Sorry. Excuse me. My name's Alex Hooper. I'm 34 years old. I am from Los Angeles, California. ‐ Alex Hooper. ‐ Yeah. I've actually been on the show before. ‐ You've been here? ‐ I have. Two seasons ago, but it didn't go so well for me. ‐ That was before me. ‐ ♪ What am I gonna do? ♪ ‐ I just want to inspire the world through happiness, positivity, and comedy. [cheers and applause] I really thought the audience and the judges would think it was hilarious. Heidi Klum, you are magical. Four children, and yet your body looks as though you haven't paid attention to any of them. [audience groans] To me, they were just silly jokes. [buzzer] The audience was booing me, and then the judges started buzzing, and that sound. The... [imitating buzzers] ‐ Oh, well. ‐ Simon, I'm confused! Didn't we form this country to get away from Brits like you? And I can see all of their faces and how viscerally upset they were. That was when I knew I had done something horribly wrong. ‐ I know how this feels, but good luck. Take care. ‐ ♪ Seems to be the hardest word ♪ ‐ Those seven minutes changed me as a person. I hurt people. All I saw was this barrage of negativity and hatred toward something that I did. ♪ ♪ I've changed a lot since last time. Did a lot of work on myself. ‐ Hope so. ‐ So I had to come back and tell everybody that I'm sorry because we all went through something together because of what I did. ‐ All right, here we go. Five seconds. ‐ You are a beacon of light in this world. Uh, let's go out there and do what you came here to do. ‐ Thank you, Terry. ‐ Oh. Oh! ‐ This is a new me. This is a new Alex Hooper. ‐ How‐‐ ‐ Hi, everybody! ‐ Welcome back. ‐ Thank you very much. It feels really good to be back. I'm here to apologize. And I want to show you that I've grown. I hope you find it in your hearts to forgive me for my past discretions. ‐ Well, listen, didn't need to apologize, but I appreciate you doing that. So, welcome. ‐ Thank you very much. ‐ Are you performing the same thing that you did when you came the first time? ‐ No! No, no, no, no, no. That‐‐that didn't go so well for me the last time. ‐ Good luck. ‐ Yeah, thank you. [somber music] So, for those of you here, I do want to apologize. Terry, I know you weren't here last time, but, honestly, I wouldn't have made fun of you anyway. You truly shine. You and Howie clearly go to the same barber, just not the same gym. [music slows and stops] [Simon laughs] [Scott Joplin's "The Entertainer"] ‐ Howie! ‐ What? ‐ Look at that marvelous head. You weren't born. You were hatched. [both laugh] Howie, I'm sorry. These are just jokes. Remember when you were a comedian? ‐ [laughs] ‐ Why are you laughing? ‐ Heidi, I'm so sorry you're not here today, but I understand why you can't be here. You are a "Sports Illustrated" model, and I'm sure you're off on their seniors' tour. [laughter] On to the lady who puts the "more" in amor. Hello, Sofía Vergara! [growls] ‐ Hello! ‐ I love you! ‐ Come on. ‐ That's not very fair. ‐ And, finally, from beauty to beast‐‐ hi, Dad! [laughter] Simon, how are you a vegan and that's the least annoying thing about you? [laughter] ‐ That's horrible. ‐ I will say I am so excited for your new movie. What's it called? "50 Shades of Tan"? [laughter] In closing, yes, I am sorry. I'm sorry that none of the judges were born in this country. So, while American's got talent, it does not have a strong immigration policy. [laughter, applause] [upbeat music] ‐ Oh, nice job. ‐ Oh. ‐ Oh, I don't know why I like you. You're such a [bleep]. ‐ ♪ Baby, I'm sorry, I'm not sorry ♪ ‐ I do. ‐ [laughing] I know. You know, in the moment, when I saw you the first time, I didn't know what was hitting me, and I kind of got swept up in the whole audience. And then I watched it, and I thought you were hysterical. ‐ Thank you! ‐ And I like it. And I'd like to hear more of it. ‐ It was a lot easier without the peasants booing me this time. [laughter] ‐ ♪ Better walk, better walk that walk ♪ ‐ He cares. Okay, Howie, yes or no? ‐ Oh, yes. ‐ ♪ Payback is a bad chick ♪ ‐ Okay. ‐ I think it was great. Yes. ‐ Heidi is gonna be so mad at us for doing this, but you've got three yeses. Keep insulting us. We love it. ‐ Thank you so much! ‐ ♪ Baby, I'm sorry, I'm not sorry ♪ ♪ Being so bad got me feelin' so good ♪ ‐ That was a surprise. [chuckles] ‐ I love the fact that you were harder on them than you were on me. Thank you. ‐ Oh, for sure. I mean, honestly, I can't compete with this. ‐ He came out, and he started roasting us. The whole audience started booing. ‐ I liked it. ‐ You liked it. ‐ You were right. And when I watched it back, I go, "Why did I hit the buzzer?" That is truly funny. ‐ Coming up... all: Let get this party started! ‐ This is the weirdest gig I've ever done in my life. ‐ [imitates clucking] ‐ It was beautiful! ‐ All here? ‐ Hi! ‐ Here we go! ‐ Video submissions reopen, and the contestants audition for the judges right from their homes. [dramatic music] ‐ Are you ready, James? ‐ I'm ready. ‐ Just go out there and give it the best show we possibly can. Both: It's either now or never. ‐ Come on. We got this, James. ‐ We got this. ‐ We've been preparing for being on "AGT" for the last, like, seven years. ‐ We're nervous. We're gonna do this. We're gonna get through it. ‐ We got this. ‐ All right. ‐ There's no reason to get nervous. ‐ Just remember, we are winners. Both: Winner, winner, chicken dinner. ‐ We have to show the judges what we are made of. We worked‐‐ ‐ So hard for this. ‐ So hard. So hard. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I'm Pedro. ‐ I'm Cristina. ‐ I'm Juanelle. ‐ I'm Teodor. ‐ And we're Lightwave Theatre Company from Romania. ‐ So, when you say "theatre," I see you're wearing black. What kind of theatre are you guys? ‐ Puppetry. ‐ Puppetry. ‐ Especially life‐sized puppetry. ‐ Whoa, like, really big puppets? ‐ Uh, like you. ‐ Okay. [laughter] ‐ In the beginning, when I graduated puppetry, there were no available jobs for puppeteers. ‐ [speaking Romanian] But in Romania, I'm a radio host. I told her, "Okay, I will help you promoting the shows," and then she asked me to come with her onstage to perform. Suddenly, I was trying to begin another career in puppetry. Some of my colleagues were, like, making some jokes. "Pedro and his little puppets." [imitates laughter] Now they will watch me on "America's Got Talent." ‐ [chuckles] ‐ What we want to transmit to the American people is to be there for one another. ‐ Yeah. ‐ To be generous. ‐ And we like to give people hope with the stories we are presenting onstage. ‐ Some of these shows take a lot of preparation, huh? ‐ They do. It's amazing that people come up with this stuff. ‐ Yeah, the logistics on this are quite amazing. ‐ Like no other show. ‐ Yeah. ‐ We came to "America's Got Talent" because this is the biggest stage in the world, and we are very nervous. ‐ I have to say that I'm afraid of Simon... [laughter] Because I know he's a little bit tough. But I also think that he would be happy after he will see us. ‐ After being tough. [laughter] ‐ Okay, here we go. ‐ Here we go. ‐ ♪ I know it hurts ♪ ♪ It's hard to breathe ♪ ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ ♪ Sometimes ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ These nights are long ♪ ♪ You've lost ♪ ♪ The will to fight ♪ [dog barks] [door squeaks] ♪ ♪ ♪ Is anybody out there? ♪ ♪ Can you lead me to the light? ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ Beautiful song. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ ♪ You are not alone ♪ ♪ I've been here the whole time ♪ ♪ Singing you a song ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ‐ I'm gonna take my glasses off so that I can really see it. ‐ ♪ I will carry you ♪ ‐ Three, two, one. Coming to find you! ♪ ♪ [dog barking, car engine revs] ♪ ♪ ‐ Oh, no, no, no, no! He's gonna get hit! [car horn blares, tires screeching] What‐‐ what happened? ‐ ♪ You are not alone ♪ ‐ [sobbing] ‐ ♪ I've been here the whole time ♪ ♪ You ♪ ‐ Oh! ‐ He's alive! ‐ ♪ Are not alone ♪ ♪ I've been here the whole time ♪ ♪ Singing you a song ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ I will carry you ♪ ♪ Is anybody out there? ♪ [dog barking] ♪ I know it hurts ♪ ♪ It's hard to breathe sometimes ♪ ‐ Aww. ‐ Bravo! [somber music] ‐ All right, shut your eyes. [light laughter] [applause] ‐ ♪ I'm not afraid ♪ ‐ Well done, guys. ‐ Hello, and thank you so much. ‐ That was very beautiful. I got very emotional. ‐ Thank you so much. So much. ‐ It was beautifully done, very simple story. What did you think, Sofía? ‐ Well, the thing is that I have never seen this kind of show in person. I've seen things on TV, but not like this. So, for me, it was very special. That dog was fantastic. I loved the song. The song was beautiful. You loved the song, too. ‐ Yeah, I did. ‐ Yeah. It was spectacular. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ It was very good, and I think it was kind of unique. I don't know that we've seen puppetry. Would you consider yourselves puppeteers? ‐ Yes. ‐ Yeah, I know that 'cause Sofía also loves puppets. ‐ No, I am a ven‐trickle‐est. ‐ She's a ven‐trickle‐est. [laughter] But it was wonderful, and I thought the story was sweet, so I enjoyed it. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ Now we have to vote. Let's start with Howie. ‐ Yes. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Sofía. ‐ Yes. ‐ Okay, guys, you have three yeses. Congratulations. ‐ Thank you so much! ‐ Bravo! ‐ Well done. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ ♪ Till the words dry out ♪ ‐ Lightwave, how do you feel right now? ‐ Oh, ecstatic! ‐ You didn't know that she does, uh... She's a‐‐ how do you say it again? ‐ A ven‐trickle‐est. ‐ Are you serious? ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ We worked so hard, and we dreamed about it, and now here we are with three yeses. ‐ I want that dog. ‐ It's not real. It's not real. ‐ It was a real dog. ‐ It was a real dog. ‐ Are you out of your mind? ‐ It's a puppet. ‐ No, the girl was a puppet. ‐ You're a puppet. ‐ The dog was a real dog. ‐ You're a puppet. ‐ That was a real dog? ‐ Yes. ‐ You are crazy. ‐ All right, crew, audio ready? ‐ We got it. We got it. ‐ Roll camera. ‐ My name is Cameron Ross, and I am a singer. Growing up in Texas, country music is one of those things that has been instilled. When I was eight years old, my parents took me to my first concert to see Shania Twain. I remember the moment of being there and knowing, like, that's what I want to do. [somber music] I started singing in little bitty towns all over East Texas. ‐ Cameron Ross, ladies and gentlemen. Cameron Ross. ‐ So it's such a huge deal, but at the same time, I've come to the realization that I'm gay. Coming out is always a hard thing. And singing in small towns in East Texas, there's a lot of religious people and strict values. So I started to see less interest in my music and started losing gigs as well. At that point, you start to question, like, "Is this what I want to do? Is your dream worth who you are?" So I took a break from music to figure that out. Now I know who I want to be, and I'm absolutely ready to work back towards music. Here we go. And that's why I'm here. It's, like, this is a huge deal. ♪ ♪ ‐ Hello. ‐ How are y'all? ‐ I'm great. How are you? ‐ Doing well. Doing well. Thank you. ‐ And what's your name? ‐ My name is Cameron Ross. ‐ Okay, and what's your day job, or is this it? ‐ I am a sales director for a technology company. ‐ And are you a singer? ‐ I am a singer. Yes, sir. ‐ Okay. And why do you think this is your time now, Cameron? ‐ I feel like this is such a great opportunity for me to show other people like me that it is possible to do this in the country music industry. As of now, I am completely open and being who I love to be as a person and pursuing the stuff that I want to with complete confidence. ‐ Right, which is the way it should be. ‐ Absolutely, yes, sir. ‐ Good. ‐ So have you thought long and hard about your song? ‐ I have. Yes. I'm gonna be singing "Red Dirt Road" by Brooks & Dunn. ‐ Okay, and why is that applicable to you, or it just suits your voice or what? ‐ It's a song that I grew up listening to. My grandma would actually tell me that it was written about her because it mentions a lady named Mary. And so my grandma's name is Mary. So, growing up, I believed that this song was written about her until she kind of broke the news. ‐ Okay. ‐ [chuckles] ‐ Well, I got a good feeling about you. You got a great energy about you, Cameron. ‐ Thank you. Thank you so much. ‐ Okay. Good luck. ‐ Thank you. [Brooks & Dunn's "Red Dirt Road"] ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ Well, I was raised off of Rural Route 3 ♪ ♪ Out past where the blacktop ends ♪ ♪ We'd walked to church on Sunday morning ♪ ♪ Raced barefoot back to Johnson's fence ♪ ♪ That's where I first saw Mary ♪ ♪ On that roadside pickin' blackberries ♪ ♪ That summer I turned a corner in my soul ♪ ♪ Down that red dirt road ♪ ♪ It's where I drank my first beer ♪ ♪ It's where I found Jesus ♪ ♪ Where I wrecked my first car ♪ ♪ I tore it all to pieces ♪ ♪ I learned the path to Heaven ♪ ♪ Is full of sinners and believers ♪ ♪ Learned that happiness on Earth ♪ ♪ Ain't just for high achievers ♪ ♪ I've learned ♪ [music fades] ‐ Okay, I'd like you to do something for us. ‐ Okay. ‐ I want you to sing a capella. ‐ Okay. ‐ And I want you to prove the point you've been wanting to prove. I want you to stand out. ‐ Okay. Absolutely. Yes, sir. ♪ Did you see the movie is over? ♪ ♪ Well, I guess we missed the last act ♪ ♪ Just laying here in this bed again ♪ ♪ Me kissing you, you kissing me back ♪ ♪ It's getting late, can't you see? ♪ ♪ I should get up and leave ♪ ♪ If I don't, you know where it's going ♪ ♪ But you're giving me that look, baby ♪ ♪ That says you're up to no good, maybe ♪ ♪ Now you're whispering into my neck ♪ ♪ Leaving thoughts inside my head ♪ ♪ Well, now, since you've put it that way ♪ ♪ If I need to, I'll go, darling ♪ ♪ But what if I stay? ♪ ♪ What if I stay? ♪ ‐ Great. ‐ Thank you. ‐ What else are you gonna make him do? ‐ That's it. ‐ Okay. ‐ I can't do a cartwheel. I tried it. ‐ Can you ride a one‐cycle? One‐‐one... ‐ Unicycle. ‐ It might not go well. ‐ Can you do the ukulele? ‐ I can definitely try. [laughter] ‐ You have an amazing voice, young man. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ You have just have such a relaxed delivery of what you're doing. I'm not a country music fan, but I am certainly a fan of yours. And for you to come out here and be so calm after what you went through, I mean, I can't imagine what it's like to find out your grandmother is a liar. But it was not about Mary. ‐ It was a big disappointment at that age. ‐ I know, but... ‐ I still love her. ‐ I thought it was fantastic. Your voice, like, gave me goose bumps. ‐ Oh, thank you. ‐ It was beautiful. ‐ Thank you so much. Thank you. ‐ You kind of answered my question with your audition, particularly when you sang without the track. ‐ Yes, sir. ‐ There's something very memorable about you. I really like you, Cameron. I would say, going forward, find a song perhaps you could‐‐ you can make it your version. ‐ Yes, sir. Absolutely. ‐ Simon. Why do you keep calling me "sir"? ‐ I'm sorry! I blame it on my mama. Yes, sir. Yes, ma'am. ‐ Good boy. ‐ I know, but we're friends now. Simon. Okay, now the important part. We're gonna vote. Howie? ‐ Yes. ‐ That's one. ‐ There's nothing more to say but yes. ‐ One of my favorite auditions of the day. Three yeses. ‐ Thank you. Thank you. ‐ Well done. I really like you. ‐ Yes, sir. Thank you. ‐ Simon! ‐ Simon! I'll remember. I promise. [chuckles] Thank you. ‐ Take care. ‐ That was amazing! ‐ Thank you. ‐ First of all, I got one word for you and how I would describe you, and it's authentic. ‐ Thank you. ‐ It was truly authentic. ‐ I loved him. He was handsome, his voice was, like, beautiful. ‐ Wasn't it? ‐ It really was. ‐ ♪ Carries us away ♪ ‐ Then there were three. ‐ Oh, just‐‐all we need is just two yeses. Both: Two yeses. ‐ It's all we need. ‐ I'm good with no audience. I'm good with Heidi‐‐ I really wanted Heidi Klum to be here. ‐ Okay, here we go. ‐ Hello. ‐ Hello. ‐ What's your name? ‐ My name is John Austin. ‐ And where are you from, John? ‐ Charlotte, North Carolina. ‐ How old are you, John? ‐ I'm 50 years old. ‐ Okay, so why now "America's Got Talent"? ‐ Well, I've been singing since I was five years old. ‐ Yeah. ‐ And some friends of mine said, "You need to go to 'America's Got Talent.' They're gonna love what you do." ‐ And you think you could win this? ‐ I do. ‐ Okay. I'm not gonna ask any more questions. Good luck. ‐ Thank you. ‐ [singing backwards] ♪ ♪ ‐ Hang on. Hang on. Is there something wrong with the track? ‐ It might be better if they play what we just recorded in reverse up on the screen here. ♪ Baby, just call my name ♪ ♪ I'll be there in a hurry ♪ ♪ You don't have to worry ♪ ♪ 'Cause, baby, there ♪ ♪ Ain't no mountain high enough ♪ ♪ To keep me from getting to you, babe ♪ ‐ I love it. ‐ Okay, okay. Howie, yes or no? ‐ I love‐‐ I think this is an amazing talent that people are gonna enjoy. I give you a yes. ‐ What? ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ I think it's an amazing, interesting talent. So I'm gonna say yes. ‐ Oh, thank you. ‐ I thought it was total "parc." ‐ Turn that around. That's "crap." [laughter] ‐ Crap backward is "parc," by the way, [laughter] ‐ Okay. Strange things happen. You've got two yeses. So well done. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ Can you say "Terry loves 'AGT'" backwards? ‐ Yes. [speaks backwards] [record scratches] Terry loves "AGT." ‐ I love that. ‐ Are you kidding me? ‐ I'm not kidding you. Oh. ‐ Hello. ‐ Hello. ‐ And what's your name? ‐ I'm Chicken Scratch Sam. ‐ And what's your real name? ‐ Sam. ‐ Sam... ‐ Chicken Scratch Sam. [imitates clucking] ‐ And where you from? ‐ Fenton, Michigan. [imitates clucking] ‐ Okay. And why did you decide to enter the show this year? ‐ Because I've pen doing comedy for, like, hen‐thousand hours. ‐ Great. Good luck. ‐ I appreciate it. I was thinking about getting a job, so maybe I'll get a job as a crossing guard because of my impeccable record. [imitates clucking] [buzzer] [imitates clucking] [laughter] Coo, coo! Coo, coo, coo! [both imitate clucking] ‐ On dates, I can't eat with my hands, so I'm always pecking at a salad. I love salad dressing. Blue cheese, ranch. [imitates clucking] I could be bathed in ranch. [laughter] ‐ Hoo! ‐ I was dating this one chick, but she left me for some other guy‐‐ some jerk, Foghorn Leghorn. ‐ Ooh! ‐ Hen‐y way! I'm Chicken Scratch Sam. I appreciate your time. ‐ Oh! ‐ I'll go to Howie. ‐ I loved it. It's so funny and silly and brilliant. ‐ But I don't know‐‐ Like, how long can you go with the... [imitates clucking] ‐ Hours! [laughter] [upbeat music] ‐ Okay, Howie, yes or no? ‐ Oh, yes! ‐ Of course. Sofía? ‐ I know he's gonna say no. So, yes. ‐ What? All right, it's a no, but you're through. Congratulations. ‐ Whoo! Whoo! Thank you, guys. [laughter] ‐ What happened to us? ‐ I know! ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ Hold tight, lean back ♪ ♪ Play what I want with that sax ♪ ‐ Looking good! ‐ Let's do this! ‐ I'm Nick. ‐ And I'm James. ‐ And together we're‐‐ both: The Ninja Twins! ‐ And we're from Bakersfield, California. ‐ And we're 40 years old. ‐ Don't tell nobody! ‐ I guess this is where we'll be all day. Growing up in Bakersfield, we stuck out like a‐‐ both: Sore thumb. ‐ ♪ I can't sleep at night, I toss and turn ♪ ‐ We were into baseball and church. ‐ Uh‐huh. Monday through‐‐ both: Monday through Sunday. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ Mm‐hmm. Both: America's got twins. [both talking over each other] The Ninja Twins. ‐ Wait, wait. I'm getting it. Nick, James. both: And James. ‐ Ah, ninja. I get it. ‐ N‐I and J‐A are our first two letters. ‐ So we choreographed our first dance routine. It was choreographed... both: In the sixth grade. ‐ It's amazing. ‐ Bobby Brown. ‐ Every little step... both: ♪ Every little step I take ♪ ‐ ♪ You will be there ♪ ‐ I think I'm on this side. ‐ As much as we look alike and dress alike, we couldn't be any different. When I say right, he goes left. When I say up, he goes down. We're like peas and carrots, huh, James? ‐ Peas and carrots. Both: Peas and carrots. ‐ ♪ No matter what your friends try to tell you ♪ ‐ We're set. ‐ We've been sitting on this music because we've been waiting for the perfect platform. ‐ And what bigger stage and better stage than‐‐ both: "AGT"! ‐ Show America what you've got. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Show 'em the energy, all the love. ‐ Thank you, Terry. ‐ If Prince and Freddie Mercury had a baby, both: It would be the Ninja Twins. [laughter] ♪ ♪ ‐ Hey! ‐ Wow, wow, wow. ‐ Wow, wow, wow. ‐ We're here! ‐ I've been looking high and low for you, Simon. ‐ Well, ditto, darling. How are you? ‐ I'm Nick. ‐ And I'm James. ‐ And together we're the‐‐ both: Ninja Twins! ‐ And how did you meet? Both: We met in the womb. ‐ Oh! So you really are twins. ‐ In our mother's womb. ‐ I'm four minutes older. ‐ Yes, I kicked him out. ‐ And where are you from? Both: Bakersfield, California. ‐ But don't tell anybody that, Simon. ‐ I won't. Okay, so the Ninja Twins. Tell me something about you guys. ‐ We were professional dancers‐‐ ‐ For a long time. ‐ Came out here at 15 years old. ‐ Danced for Christina Aguilera, Prince, NSYNC, Mya, Usher. And then‐‐ ‐ We got old. ‐ So we finally got old, Simon. ‐ Simon, it slowed down. ‐ You know how this city is. You know how Hollywood is. ‐ It slowed down. ‐ We got old. ‐ It slowed down. Both: So then we started styling. ‐ Stylizing celebrities... both: Like Kanye West, Pamela Anderson... ‐ Oh! ‐ Nelly Furtado. ‐ Robin Thicke. ‐ Robin Thicke. ‐ And then, James, you had an epiphany. Both: And Eva Longoria. Yes. ‐ And then I said, "You know what, Nick? "We didn't come out this far to be putting clothes on people. Both: We want people to put clothes on us." ‐ Ah, I get it. ‐ So he said let's get back to‐‐ ‐ And so I said let's give it one more shot and see what we've got, and now we're here. ‐ Okay, so now you want to be styled. So what's the act that's gonna take you there? ‐ Uh, we've been doing music‐‐ ‐ We've been sitting on some music for a couple of years. And we said, you know, "We didn't want to do this small. We want to do it big." ‐ Big. ‐ So what better stage than‐‐ both: "AGT"? America's got twins! The Ninja Twins! ‐ Okay, no more questions. The stage is yours. ‐ You ready for it? ‐ I'm ready. ‐ Here, James. ‐ What? Okay. ‐ All right, have fun. ‐ Where's my mark? Okay. ‐ ♪ Ninja ♪ ‐ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ‐ ♪ Ninja ♪ ‐ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ‐ ♪ Ninja ♪ ‐ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ‐ ♪ Ninja ♪ both: ♪ N to the I to the N to the J‐A ♪ ♪ N to the I to the N to the J‐A ♪ ♪ N to the I to the N to the J‐A ♪ ♪ Hey, Ninja, The Ninja Twins ♪ ♪ Down in a small town, Bakersfield ♪ ♪ Two brothers dream soon to be real ♪ ♪ Nick was slick, James was cool ♪ ♪ Looking we're hot to rule the school ♪ ‐ ♪ Mama, this town is way too small ♪ ♪ To hell with all the baseball ♪ ♪ We're gonna sing, we're gonna dance ♪ both: ♪ Following dreams, Hollywood's our chance ♪ ♪ Mama said you'll be amazing ♪ ♪ Mama said ♪ ♪ You'll be amazing ♪ ♪ Amazing, Mama said ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ N is Nick, J is James ♪ ♪ Put the N in the middle, you've got our name ♪ both: ♪ N to the I to the N to the J‐A ♪ ♪ N to the I to the N to the J‐A ♪ ♪ N to the I to the N to the J‐A ♪ ♪ Hey, Ninja, The Ninja Twins ♪ ‐ The Ninja Twins! ‐ ♪ Ninja ♪ ♪ Ninja ♪ ‐ Ninja! Both: ♪ Ninja ♪ ‐ Whoa! ‐ Oh! ‐ Get it, James! ‐ Whoa! Ninja Twins! ‐ Thank you, Howie. ‐ Oh, thank you, Ninja Twins. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Uh, look, I love you two. I think you're hilarious. But the song and the singing and the dancing was terrible. ‐ Oh, man! ‐ We're, like, in a different room. I loved you. I loved the‐‐ ‐ Thank you, Howie! ‐ Before you even started‐‐ You know, a lot of twins come on the show, and the other twin finishes the other twin's sentence. You don't do that. You say the sentence, and then the other twin does the same sentence right afterwards. [laughter] ‐ Sofía? ‐ Oh, well, I thought I was really entertained the whole time. Both: Thank you. ‐ It's kind of funny. ‐ Okay, well, thank you for coming. I'm gonna say no. ‐ Really? ‐ What do you mean really? ‐ Well, there's only three judges here today. ‐ So it's a yes from me. Both: Thanks so much! ‐ You got one no, you got one yes. It's up to you. ‐ ♪ Have a good time, good time ♪ ‐ I'm sorry, Simon. Yes. Both: Yeah! ♪ ♪ ‐ Thank you guys so much! ‐ Simon, we're gonna sing it out for you. ‐ We won't dance, and we won't flip. ‐ We're gonna bring it down. ‐ We're just gonna bring it down. ‐ So you hear a nice vocal. ‐ A nice solid vocal. ‐ If you don't dance, don't sing, it'll be great. ‐ Thank you so much. Thank you, guys. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Those are The Ninja Twins. Ninja Twins. ‐ Hey, you are going into the next round! ‐ Yes! ‐ We're so excited! ‐ Don't worry about what Simon says. ‐ Oh, God. I wanted to impress him the most. ‐ No, but it's what Mama says. ‐ Amen, brother! ‐ You are crazy. [laughter] ‐ It's that time again! Keep your eyes peeled during tonight's episode, and as soon as you spot the Dunkin runner, scan the QR code on your screen or visit the website below now to enter for your chance to win the Dunkin Spot the Runner sweepstakes. It could be you that wins a virtual coffee chat with our very own Simon Cowell, plus an exclusive, backstage virtual tour and free Dunkin coffee for a year. Keep your eyes on the prize. ‐ I know we've said it before, but this is the best audience we've ever had. And you guys are the fourth judge. Remember that. I do feel sorry for some of these people today. ‐ The hardest had to be to be a comedian. ‐ Yeah, that's true. ‐ My name is John Hastings. I am 34 years young. I'm a stand‐up comedian, and I live in Los Angeles. ‐ And look at me. ‐ I am looking at you. ‐ No, you looked at the camera. ‐ I didn't look at the camera! ‐ I'm John Hastings. I'm a stand‐up comedian. I'm currently sitting down desperately trying not to look at the camera. [upbeat music] [woman laughs] I was raised by a single mom. She worked, looking back, an ungodly amount, but was around a lot. I don't really know how she did it. We didn't have a teleporter. Yeah, absolutely amazing woman. So, Mom, I'm backstage at "America's Got Talent." ‐ I can't even say how proud I am. My heart is bursting. ‐ I was born three months premature with something called dyspraxia, which is a pretty rare disorder. I was born without reflexes and eye‐hand coordination. I had the balance of a baby giraffe. So I just grew up this lopsided, uncoordinated oaf, and so I was picked on. But one day, when I was ten, I said a zinger to a bully, and the entire class collapsed in laughter, and he never said it again. Did that lead me to my current profession? That's for psychologists and anyone with ears to really figure out. I'm gonna go on in a few moments, and we'll see what happens. ‐ Well, if they don't laugh, tell them I'm coming for them. ‐ [laughs] I'm incredibly nervous in a weird, excited way, but hopefully it goes well. In the end, stand‐up comedy‐‐ some people like it, and some people don't. [buzzer] It's just annoying that I have potential hecklers with really loud noisemakers in front of them. ♪ ♪ ‐ Hello, guys. How are you? ‐ Hello. How are you? ‐ I'm good. How are you guys? ‐ Good. What's your name? ‐ My name's John Hastings. ‐ John Hastings. ‐ Yes. ‐ And what do you do in... ‐ I'm a stand‐up comedian. ‐ Oh, fantastic. How long have you been doing that? ‐ I've been doing it for 14 years. ‐ 14 years. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Nothing better than showing up on the biggest talent show on a day when there's no audience. Do you have any rough nights? Any particular rough‐‐ ‐ So many rough nights. I mean, let's see how this goes. Like, I've played a gig to two guys and dog, and the dog left. And this is in contention for the weirdest gig I've ever done in my life. Like... It's, like, Howie Mandel, Sofía from "Modern Family," and Simon Cowell are all here. No one is in this room. Like, I'm not even nervous. I just feel like I took drugs, and I'm about to wake up. [laughter] ‐ I wish you the best of luck. Enjoy yourself. I promise you we're gonna be a great audience for you. ‐ Thank you very much. It was nice to chat to you guys for a couple of minutes, have you get to know me. I got a weird vibe when I walk out onstage. I'm 34, I don't look 34. I don't look any age. I just look like I've been through stuff. [laughter] And 34 is a difficult age because it's not old, but it's old enough that the world's changed. Like, I'm old enough to remember‐‐ time was, you saw a fella with a neck tattoo, well, then you thought, "Whoa, I'm about to see a dead body." Now you see a fella with a neck tattoo, all you think is, "Oh, this latte is going to be amazing!" And you got to do things to stay young. I do things to stay young. I recently borrowed money from my parents. For those of you who never borrowed money from your parents‐‐ the crew will know this, the celebrities will not. [laughter] You have to gather your parents together and go, "Hello, Mother, Father. "You know how you're supposed to teach me responsibility? Well, you failed, and that comes with a hefty fine." Now, I borrowed the money for a good purpose, brothers and sisters. I was getting married, and someone had to pay for the wedding. And it was nerve‐racking asking them for money. It was nerve‐racking getting married, because they say the day you get married is the happiest day of your life. And that is a judgment on my life. I have lived a very exciting life. I once was on a bus, and a homeless man farted so loud, it knocked over a child. Seeing my girlfriend walk up the aisle of a church will never make me that happy. Not in a million years. Thank you for your time. ‐ I love that. I love that. You're very funny. ‐ Hey, a standing ovation with three people and a crew that wants to go home. [laughter] ‐ That's called reading the room. ‐ I love that. ‐ Like, that's not a Golden Buzzer, but that's pretty close. [laughter] ‐ I don't want you to stop. I love the fact that you're kind of going with the flow of no audience and a crew back there‐‐ makes you golden. You really are golden. More people need to know your name, and as of right now, I think your career is on an upward swing. ‐ Thank you, brother. ‐ Sofía, let's hear from you. ‐ Well, you know what? It's so funny, because for a while, I forgot that I was here as a judge. I just got into your show. ‐ Oh, thank you. ‐ And then when you stopped, I realized, "Oh, no, we're here to judge him." And so it was fun. I really like it. ‐ Thank you. ‐ I think the fact I can hear everyone laughing, you got a great reaction. You were very funny. So I'm with Howie. I think this could be a turnaround for you. ‐ Thank you, brother. ‐ It was wonderful. I want to start off the voting with a yes. Who do you want me to go to‐‐ ‐ Yes. ‐ Oh, that was quick. ‐ Okay, that's two. You've not got three. Well done. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Three yeses. ‐ Cheers. Stay safe, everybody. Thank you, crew! Couldn't have done it without you. ‐ Dude, you were amazing tonight! ‐ Oh, thank you, Terry. ‐ Absolutely on fire. ‐ He played it very smart with the crew. ‐ Yes. ‐ He spoke to‐‐ There was somebody there.. ‐ I would like to do it again. ‐ Yes. ‐ This time with a giant audience of people to really show them what I got. ‐ The J. D. Marching Vols! ‐ It had everything you would want from a great audition. It was unbelievably dated. It's fine at a wedding. [dramatic music] ‐ Things going very fast today. ‐ I'm loving today. Can I take a picture of all... Oh, who am I missing? [chuckles] ‐ Can you send me those pictures? ‐ Yes, absolutely. All right, let's see talent. ‐ Okay, here we go. ‐ Good evening. ‐ Good evening. ‐ Good evening. ‐ What's your name? ‐ My name is Brendan Howard. I'm the band director at Jefferson Davis High School in Montgomery, Alabama. ‐ Oh, so is that what you're gonna be doing for us today? ‐ That's exactly what we're doing. I brought my students here to perform for you all today. ‐ Great. Montgomery, Alabama, has a lot of rich history. It's a very difficult place to live in at this point in time. The crime rate is kind of high. The poverty rate is high. Most of my students come in‐‐ they're really rough around the edges. But the students come to the band room. They learn discipline. They learn how to play their instrument. And so it's an escape from everything that's going on in the city. ‐ Where are you getting the funding from for the instruments and stuff? ‐ As of right now, the funding is something that we actually do ourselves. We go out into the community and raise money. We do what we have to do in order to get what we can get. ‐ Well, this could be the perfect platform for you. ‐ It could be. I hope so. ‐ Yeah. Well, I'm really hoping this goes well. ‐ I do, too. Thank you. ‐ I can't wait to hear it. ‐ All right, here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing the J. D. Marching Vols! All: ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ [drums beating] ♪ ♪ ‐ That's an entrance. ♪ ♪ all: ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey... ♪ ‐ I know. all: ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ [band vocalizes] ♪ This is what you want, so this is what you get ♪ [drums beating] ‐ Whoo! All: ♪ Let's go ♪ [horns playing] ♪ ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Go, go, go, go ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ ♪ [cheers] ♪ ♪ ♪ Let's get this party started ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ Whoo! ♪ ♪ all: ♪ Oh ♪ ‐ Bravo! [whistle blows] Whoo! ‐ Wow! [Emile Sandé's "Shine"] ‐ ♪ Yes, you gotta let love lead you ♪ ‐ Thank you. ‐ Wow. ‐ That was just fantastic. ‐ Thank you. ‐ I've got to tell you. Great talent, unbelievable enthusiasm. The whole thing, it was just jam‐packed from start to finish. It just had everything you would want from a great audition. ‐ Thank you. ‐ If an audience were in here right now, you wouldn't be able to hear me talk. They just would be going crazy. It was that good. [cheers and applause] ‐ Sofía? ‐ It brought me back memories of the bands that we used to have‐‐ that we have in Colombia. I love that sound. I love that this is helping you guys create a future for yourself, and I really, really enjoyed your performance. ‐ Thank you. Thank you. ‐ You know, the dance moves are great. The music is great. I would love to go and buy a ticket to go see a marching band show. I think it hasn't been done. This is worthy of it. I'm gonna start off by giving you your first yes. ‐ Thank you. ‐ I love it. And, actually, now that you said it, I loved the dancers‐‐ it was super fun. So I'm gonna give you another yes. ‐ You have two yeses. ‐ Thank you. ♪ ♪ ‐ How long is it gonna take to get back home on the journey? ‐ I think the flight was about five hours, five and a half hours, and it's a two‐hour ride from Atlanta from Montgomery. So it took us about seven hours, eight hours to get here. ‐ Good. Well, you've got a seven‐hour trip knowing that you've got three yeses and you are through to the next round. [cheers] ‐ Yes! Amazing! Great! Thank you! Thank you so much. Thank you. ‐ Good luck. ‐ Well done. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you so much, everyone. Safe journey back. ‐ ♪ Yeah ♪ ‐ That is a big group. ‐ Yeah. [all cheering] ‐ We needed that energy today. ‐ Yes. ‐ How do you all feel right now? ‐ We feel great! [all cheering] ‐ ♪ You gotta let love shine through ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ Auditions for next season of "America's Got Talent" just opened. ‐ You blew the roof off this house! for your chance to be on the "AGT" stage. You could be the next winner! ‐ I think we have discovered a future star here. [dramatic music] ‐ We've been putting in countless hours day after day. We get one shot to do our performance perfectly. ‐ Natalia hasn't had a vacation in about five years. I have no idea what a weekend is. ‐ It's just time for us to kill it. And I know we can do it 'cause we practice so hard every single time, so... We got this, though, y'all. I'm ready. ♪ ♪ ‐ How long have you been performing? ‐ This specific routine I finished last night. ‐ Oh, no kidding. ‐ Oh, I know! ‐ So what is it like to be here right now on the biggest talent show in the world? ‐ [squeals] Honestly, a little nerve‐racking. I'm going to be dancing and doing acrobatics with a blindfold. ‐ Well, listen, it's your time, Siena. Thank you. Thanks for being here. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ All right, go right ahead. ‐ All right, here we go. ‐ Good evening! What is your name? ‐ My name is Siena Uremovic. ‐ And where are you coming from? ‐ Melbourne, Australia. ‐ When did you arrive? ‐ About 10:00 a. m. This morning. ‐ But your preparation for this, how long has it been? ‐ I finished it last night. [chuckles] Yeah. ‐ Okay, we're ready. ‐ Okay. [energetic music] ♪ ♪ ‐ Blindfold. ♪ ♪ ‐ Oh. ♪ ♪ [applause] ‐ Bravo! ‐ Thank you. ‐ Can you see through that? ‐ Not up here. I cannot. ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Does that make it a lot harder? ‐ Yeah, it makes it‐‐ ‐ Uh, yeah. ‐ I don't know. I've never done it. [laughter] ‐ Simon, what do you think? ‐ Siena, I've never seen that before. ‐ [chuckles] ‐ I think it's quite amazing that you've had hours to prepare for this, but you filled the stage. You have amazing energy. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ Howie? ‐ Oh, yes. ‐ [chuckles] ‐ Simon? ‐ Oh, yes. ‐ [chuckles] ‐ Yes. It was great. ‐ Thank you so much, guys! ‐ Well done. ♪ ♪ ‐ Have you ever studied dance? ‐ I did ballet when I was a young girl. ‐ You know, I've never been to the ballet in my life. ‐ Really? It's beautiful. I love it. ‐ You've gone to the opera? ‐ Once. ‐ I'm Gilad. ‐ I'm Natalia. ‐ And together we are... both: Voce Nova! ‐ We're gonna sing some opera. ‐ Oh, my... ‐ ♪ Opera ♪ We actually met during a private event in New York City. ‐ Our energy and our dynamic, singing and performing together, is amazing! Because if we're having fun onstage, the audience is enjoying it just as much. [operatic singing] ‐ Well, no audience here, but you're about to be in front of the whole world. Are you guys ready? ‐ We're so ready. ‐ Born ready. [operatic singing] ‐ I cannot wait to look Simon in the eyes and say, "This is us. This is Voce Nova." The judges are going to love t. ♪ ♪ ‐ Good evening. ‐ Hello. ‐ Good evening. ‐ How are you guys? ‐ We are excellent. Extremely excited. ‐ Oh, that's great. And where are you guys coming from? ‐ We're actually from New York. ‐ By way of Israel. ‐ Oh, wow. And what is the name of the act? ‐ Voce Nova‐‐ A "fresh voice" in Latin. ‐ Are you guys a couple? ‐ Nope. ‐ We are not. ‐ We actually met at a concert, an opera concert we gave in New York City. And we kind of understood from that moment, this is has to be a duet performing worldwide. ‐ So you guys already make a living out of this performance that you're gonna do? ‐ No, we do actually have our day jobs. I actually‐‐a VP in sales in New York. ‐ And I'm a real estate agent. We want to show you guys that we belong on the world stage. ‐ Okay, perfect. We're ready for you. ‐ Thank you very much. ‐ You never see an ascot anymore. Isn't that what you call that? ‐ Yeah, ascot. ‐ Ascot. ‐ Yeah. ‐ All right. [operatic music] ‐ [sings in Italian] ♪ ♪ ‐ [sings in Italian] ♪ ♪ [electronic dance music] ♪ ♪ ‐ Hey, hey, hey! ♪ ♪ ‐ Who's he looking at? ‐ I don't know. [both sing in Italian] ♪ ♪ [buzzer] [both sing in Italian] ♪ ♪ ‐ [sings in Italian] ‐ [sings in Italian] ♪ ♪ [both sing in Italian] ♪ ♪ ‐ That was kind of unexpected. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Where do you guys perform this? ‐ Everywhere. We feel being able to bring pop and opera together, the options are endless. ‐ Was there pop in there? I know it was opera. What was the pop? ‐ The pop was a Moroccan dance. ‐ That's pop? ‐ That's pop. ‐ You know "pop" is short for "popular"? ‐ Yes. ‐ [chuckles] ‐ Everywhere we've performed this, everybody were on their feet. It's something you don't have to know, but it kind of feels an urge to dance to. ‐ Well, I'm with the audience on this one. ‐ [chuckles] Okay. Simon? ‐ I see no market for this whatsoever. I just don't. I think it was unbelievably dated. ‐ No! ‐ It won't sell records, in my opinion. ‐ No, no. ‐ It's fine at a wedding, but that's about it. ‐ Honestly, people love opera. And being able to give them something they can clap to is really exciting! ‐ That's what made this great. ‐ ♪ I can make your hands clap ♪ ‐ It's time to vote. Howie? ‐ We are judging talent that will hopefully one day sell tickets. So, for me, it's a no. ‐ Unfortunately, I'm gonna have to say no. Simon? ‐ It's a no, guys. ‐ But thank you so much for your time. We appreciate it. ‐ Thank you very much for the opportunity, guys. ‐ Thank you, guys. ‐ Thank you. ‐ It's like being on a roller coaster today. I'm up here, then I'm down there. ‐ First of all, I got to say it's like a party! ‐ Yes! Thank you! ‐ As soon as you started singing, I was in party mode. ‐ ♪ I can make your hands clap ♪ ‐ Glitter? I don't know why it keeps coming off of her. ‐ It can't be me. It's not be because I haven't even touched him. ‐ Well, it's glitter. ‐ First of all, who uses glitter? I don't think they make glitter anymore. ‐ I have a trail of glitter that's going all the way back to the back door so they'll never lose me. ‐ Last touches! ‐ Blush! ‐ Lipstick. ‐ We need more glitter. ‐ Yes ‐ They got to take the blame. ‐ That way, you know, they can see you when you're glittering and shining. ‐ Okay, here we go, guys. ‐ What do you call it when you say, "I want to put that on?" ‐ Shimmer. ‐ Shimmer. Not glittery? ‐ No. ‐ Lovely. [upbeat music] ‐ Hello. ‐ Is that glitter? ‐ That's glitter. ‐ How are you? Do you want to tell me your name, or should we wait for afterwards? [Billie Eilish's "idontwannabeyouanymore"] ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ Don't be that way ♪ ♪ Fall apart twice a day ♪ ♪ I just wish you could feel what you say ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Show, never tell ♪ ♪ 'Cause I know you too well ♪ ♪ Got a mood that you wish you could sell ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ But if teardrops could be bottled ♪ ♪ There'd be swimming pools filled by models ♪ ♪ Told a tight dress is what makes you ♪ ♪ Adored ♪ ♪ If "I love you" was a promise ♪ ♪ Would you break it, if you're honest? ♪ ♪ Told the mirror ♪ ♪ What you know she's heard before ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I don't wanna be you ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I don't wanna ♪ ♪ Be you ♪ ♪ Anymore ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ ♪ I am here ♪ ‐ Wow. Okay. Well, now we can get to know you. What's your name? ‐ My name's Sheldon Riley, and I'm from Sydney, Australia. ‐ And why are you here? ‐ I'm really passionate about fashion, and I'm really passionate about music, but... I didn't really talk that much, and people didn't really want to talk to me. So it wasn't really until I started doing this that people really looked at me or really cared, to be honest with you. I've always kind of shied away from big things like this, and what's bigger than "America's Got Talent"? So... ‐ Well, it's always interesting that people kind of second‐guess what we like and what we don't like. And it's 90% of the time originality rather than predictability. And the fact I don't even know what you really look like, I love. I like mysterious people. ‐ Landing in America, I realized how accepting everybody is, and everyone is so open to different. So it was this that really helped me find myself a bit. ‐ ♪ I am here ♪ ‐ You have an amazing voice. ‐ Oh, thank you. ‐ And the fact that I don't know what you look like and the costume and the drama, for me, that's what made this great. ‐ Sofía? ‐ I wish I could see your face 'cause I think you're very handsome. I can see those eyes. ‐ Cleopatra eyes. ‐ Mm‐hmm! [chuckles] ‐ Now we have to vote. Howie? ‐ Yes. ‐ Sofía. ‐ Yes. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Okay, Sheldon, you got three yeses. Well deserved. ‐ Thank you so much, Simon. ‐ Bravo. ‐ Thank you, guys. ‐ Well done. ‐ ♪ Let me ask you ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ I didn't have much inspiration when I was a kid. I didn't have someone to look up to. So I guess me coming to this stage, I just want to show to all the little kids out there, if you just want to be authentically yourself, you can be, and you don't need to be afraid to be that. ‐ Congratulations. It was well deserved. We will see you in the next round. Thank you so much. ‐ Appreciate it. ‐ ♪ Let me ask you ♪ ‐ There is a lot of glitter on you. ‐ I know. I don't know how that got to me. ‐ I've worn the same makeup for, like, 12 years. ‐ And it's never come off on anybody? ‐ No one has ever complained the way you do. ‐ ♪ So let me ask you ♪ ‐ Video submissions reopened, and the contestants auditioned for the judges right from their home! ‐ Whoo! [dog barks] ‐ No! ‐ This guy's nuts. [dramatic music] ‐ After nine days of auditions, the filming on "America's Got Talent" has been suspended. ‐ I'm gonna miss you guys. I just look forward to the stage when we're back on the road. Thank you, all of you, so much. ‐ Bravo! [applause] ‐ Due to the coronavirus pandemic, "America's Got Talent" live auditions were cut short. But that didn't stop acts from pursuing their dreams and sharing their talent with the nation. Video submissions reopened, and the contestants auditioned for the judges right from their homes. [birds chirping] ‐ Hi! ‐ Hi, Heidi! ‐ Are we all here? ‐ I can hear you. Can you hear me? ‐ Hi! ‐ Hi, Terry. ‐ There we go. ‐ I was gonna wear pajamas, but I was strongly suggested not to. ‐ Right. No, you should. I have mine on. ‐ Mine are almost identical. ‐ Then go change. ‐ [chuckles] ‐ It's a pajama party. ‐ I've got the same ones. I'm gonna see if I can find mine. [laughter] ‐ I'm just gonna hop in bed with my husband. He's right there. See? ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Honey, wave back. ‐ Whoa! Yeah! [laughter] ‐ Look how much younger Simon looks when he puts on makeup. [laughter] ‐ This is fun, guys. This is actually pretty fun. [laughter] ‐ Yeah! ‐ I like that. That's much better. ‐ Well, they actually are almost identical. That is brilliant. ‐ Yeah. ‐ It's interesting also to see that even with the pajamas, you wear it low‐cut in the front. [laughter] ‐ All right, our first act is straight from their pickup truck in Cedar City, Utah. It's Chris and Sid! ‐ That's right! ‐ Simon. ‐ Hi, guys. ‐ Hey, looking good. Looking good, Simon. ‐ Yeah, likewise. So where are you? ‐ I'm actually parked in my truck right now in my yard here in Cedar City, Utah. This is Sid right here. She's supposed to be a cow dog, but to tell you the truth, she's kind of scared of cows. ‐ Well, a couple of us have got our dogs to help audition this time. I've got Squiddly, and this is Daisy. ‐ Say hi, Sid. ‐ And what's your full‐time job, Sid? ‐ Sid‐‐ she's a good companion. That's what she does for a living. She's my best friend. ‐ I think you meant Chris, Simon. ‐ Yeah, I'm sorry. ‐ Oh! You're asking me! ‐ Yeah, I beg your pardon. I got the names mixed up. ‐ I'm not a dog full‐time. [laughter] ‐ I mean, she can sing a little bit, but she has a hard time talking. [laughter] ‐ Okay, let me start again. What is‐‐ [laughs] What is your full‐time job, Chris. ‐ I am a graphic designer, and I do a little bit of music on the side. ‐ And what would winning a million dollars mean to you? ‐ Well, my big dream is to be able to start an equine‐therapy program for people with disabilities. It's something I really want to do, and it would make a lot of that possible. ‐ Good for you. Okay, well, you seem like a very nice person. She's adorable. We're all watching. ‐ Well, thank you. [soft music] ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ Just look at you, girl ♪ [dog howls] ♪ Standing here beside me ♪ ♪ Starlight on your hair ♪ ♪ Looking like a dream I dreamed somewhere ♪ ‐ Whoo! ‐ [chuckles] ‐ ♪ But it's written all across your face ♪ ♪ As plain as it can be ♪ ♪ You're the one that I was looking for ♪ ♪ And now you're all that I can see ♪ ♪ And you mean everything to me ♪ ♪ And I'd do anything ♪ ♪ To have you stay forever ♪ ♪ I'm an ordinary man ♪ ♪ But I feel like I could do anything in the world ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ When I look at you, girl ♪ [dog howls] ‐ Brilliant. ‐ Yes! ‐ Bravo! Bravo! [laughter] ‐ Thank you, Sid. Good singing. ‐ Seriously. And you know what? You've got a good voice. ‐ Your dog actually was singing along with you. ‐ Yeah, she does pretty good. ‐ I mean, that's unbelievable. ‐ Thank you. ‐ And Squiddly was tapping her head as it went along. So we both actually loved it. ‐ Well, thank you. I appreciate that. ‐ Genius. What did you think, Sofía? ‐ I thought it was all perfect. I mean, it was fantastic. It was beautiful. It was very heartwarming. ‐ The connection that you guys have, I really think that America would fall in love with you guys. I wish they were with us right now, all the fans, because I know they would be on their feet right now, all clapping for you and rooting for you. ‐ Thank you so much. I appreciate that. ‐ Do you think the dog is actually singing along with him or telling him to stop? ‐ Possibly, he might say‐‐ [laughter] ‐ I think you're exactly what the world needs right now. You put a smile on my face and warmth in our heart. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ So we're gonna have to vote. Howie? ‐ First yes. ‐ Heidi? ‐ Yes. ‐ Sofía? ‐ Yes. ‐ You've actually got five yeses. ‐ [chuckles] Thank you so much. ‐ Say good‐bye, Squiddly. [smooches] ‐ Bye. [chuckles] ‐ All right, do we want to see more talent? ‐ Ready. ‐ Let's do it. ‐ Hi, how are you? ‐ Hello. ‐ Hi. ‐ What is your name? ‐ My name is Jonathan Goodwin, and I am the dead. Basically I earn my living doing anything your mom told you not to do. ‐ Good luck. ‐ Ready? Three, two, one. ‐ This guy's nuts. ‐ No! ‐ Yay! ‐ Yes! ‐ [chuckles] ‐ That was pretty amazing. You were terrific, and you know what? You got your fourth yes! ‐ Yes! ‐ Bravo! ‐ [chuckles] ‐ Next up is Tommy Socks from his home in Florida. ‐ Uh‐oh. ‐ Tommy, are you there? ‐ I lost video! ‐ Just press that video icon in the corner there. ‐ I feel like I'm on FaceTime with my parents. ‐ Tommy, are you there? There we go! ‐ ♪ Unh, all right ♪ ♪ Unh ♪ ‐ [chuckles] ‐ I love this. The whole thing is perfect. ‐ You're like Mr. Happy Feet there. ‐ I'd like to be the first to kick this off with a yes. ‐ Yes. ‐ Third yes. ‐ Four! ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ And who do we have next? ‐ We are the Dance Town Family from Miami, Florida. ‐ ♪ Na, na‐na‐na‐na ♪ ♪ Na‐na‐na‐na, na‐na‐na, na‐na‐na ♪ ♪ Na‐na‐na‐na ♪ ‐ Whoo! ‐ I was imagining this audition with 3,000 or 4,000 people behind me, and I know they'd be on their feet right now. ‐ I'm gonna give you a fourth yes. ‐ Bravo! ‐ All right! Our next act is eight years old. From Weston, Florida, please welcome Alexis Brownley. ‐ Hola, Alexis! How are you? ‐ Good. ‐ How old are you? ‐ I'm eight years old. ‐ And what are you going to do? ‐ I'm going to do an amazing dog show. It's called the Puppy Pals. ‐ Aww. ‐ Is that your dream? To be a super famous dog trainer all over the world? ‐ In everywhere! ‐ Great! Good for you! ‐ The world. ‐ The world. The Earth. ‐ Okay, we're ready for you. ‐ Good luck. Is that a real dog? ‐ Yes, it's beautiful. ‐ Is it alive? [laughter] ‐ Yes, he's waiting! ‐ I don't think that's a real dog. ‐ Here we go. [Katrina and the Waves' "Walking on Sunshine"] ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ I used to think maybe you loved me ♪ ♪ Now, baby, I'm sure ♪ ‐ Oh! ♪ ♪ ♪ And I just can't wait till the day ♪ ♪ When you knock on my door ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I'm walking on sunshine, whoa‐oh ♪ [Terry chuckles] ‐ [chuckles] ‐ ♪ Whoa‐oh ♪ ♪ I'm walking on sunshine, whoa‐oh ♪ ♪ And don't it feel good? ♪ ♪ Hey, all right, now ♪ ‐ [mouthing words] ‐ ♪ And don't it feel good? ♪ ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ Yeah. ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ Walking on sunshine ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Walking on sunshine ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I feel alive ♪ ‐ Oh! ‐ ♪ I feel the love ♪ ‐ Oh, yeah! ‐ ♪ I feel the love, that's really real ♪ ♪ I'm on sunshine, baby ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah ♪ ‐ Yes! ‐ Oh, man! ‐ ♪ Gonna walk now, gonna walk now ♪ ♪ And don't it feel good? ♪ ♪ Gonna walk, oh, yeah, now ♪ ♪ And don't it feel good? ♪ ‐ Yes! ‐ [chuckles] ‐ [cheering] ‐ Alexis! Oh, my God! That was amazing! I love your energy, your outfit. You look like you're having so much fun. I had a lot of fun. I want to see what the other judges think. Simon? ‐ I got to tell you, Alexis, you are a brilliant little dog trainer. It was so much fun. I loved it. Brilliant. ‐ I love your outfit, your beautiful smile. You are the sunshine. You really are. ‐ Howie, did you like it? ‐ Ah, no, I loved it. But the ability that you have to train three dogs and two parents like that is something we haven't seen before. The way you're in Florida and the way that you dress, I'm gonna call you Alexis Exotic. You are the puppy queen. [laughter] ‐ We're ready to vote. I think it was amazing. I want to see you again. I'm gonna give you your first yes. ‐ [gasps] ‐ Simon? ‐ Second yes. ‐ Heidi? ‐ Third yes. ‐ Howie? ‐ Four! ‐ Bravo! Bye, Alexis. ‐ Bye! Thank you. ‐ Take care, Alexis. ‐ I loved that, guys. ‐ Gorgeous. ‐ Thank you, everyone, by the way. ‐ Stay healthy. Stay safe. ‐ Bye. Love you. [soft music] ‐ I'm just gonna stay looking at myself for a while. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ ‐ How are you guys? ‐ Hello! ‐ Hi, everyone. ‐ Hi, Sofía. ‐ Simon, you and I are dressed the same. [laughter] ‐ Now, this time, I know who wears it better. ‐ Yeah. ‐ [chuckles] ‐ That's a very nice picture, Heidi, that you have behind you. ‐ I have a nice Simon Cowell picture in a frame. ‐ Oh, I love that picture, Heidi! ‐ Yeah, you gave it to me, remember? ‐ Yes. ‐ Like, if you come to my house, you'll see, like, I have all of, like, my kids, my husband, my mom, my dad, and then there's Simon in there. Everyone is always like, "What is happening here?" ‐ All right, our first act is Max Major. Max is a mentalist. Now, Sofía, he's gonna need you to have a pack of cards. Okay, Sofía, meet Max. ‐ Hi, Max! How are you? ‐ Hi, guys. I'm really excited. I never thought in a million years this would be how we would meet each other. ‐ Max, where are you from? Where are you right now? ‐ Well, I'm in Las Vegas right now. I just moved here earlier this year, but I'm from a very small town in Maryland which is called Woodbine. ‐ Oh, how great. Okay, let's start. [dogs barking] ‐ Awesome. You know, I was just thinking, it's so easy‐‐ ‐ Sorry, my dogs have gone crazy. Hang on. ‐ Mine's being quiet in the room next door. ‐ Sorry. ‐ That's okay. I was just saying it's so easy for all of us to feel disconnected. And so, since I can't be there with you physically, you know, on the stage, I'm gonna try to connect with you guys mentally. ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ So here's what I want you to do. I want each of you‐‐ as well as everyone watching at home‐‐ to put your hands out in front of you, just like mine, with your fingers spread wide apart. And I'm gonna attempt to control your mind through the screen. So I want you to squeeze your hands together nice and tight, your thumbs crossed on top. And bring your hands up like you're making a prayer. And then take your two index fingers, your pointer fingers, and put them towards the sky, together like mine, just like this. And then I want you to separate those two fingers by about an inch and look at your fingers. And imagine they were coming closer and closer together. Imagine magnets, teeny tiny magnets, pulling those fingers closer and closer, tighter and tighter. And the closer they get, the tighter they pull until eventually those fingers touch. ‐ That is so weird. ‐ And when they touch, they can just become stuck fast, stuck like glue. ‐ That is so weird! ‐ You're controlling it? We're not just doing it. ‐ That is so weird. ‐ Wow! ‐ That is so weird. ‐ I heard Terry mention Sofía had a deck of cards. Could you hold one of those decks of cards up? I'm gonna see if I can match not just our thoughts but out actions as well, Sofía, through the screen. ‐ Okay. Because I couldn't do that finger thing. I don't know. It didn't work for me. ‐ Well, this'll give you a chance to let go a little bit and use your imagination. So we'll form a deeper connection here just one‐on‐one. ‐ Okay. ‐ Can you take your cards out of the box? And then when you're ready, spread the cards towards you. I want you to find a card that speaks to you and pull it up, but don't let anyone see the face. Perfect. And then take the rest of the deck‐‐ I know it's hard with two hands‐‐ and flip it around and put that card in there backwards. Turn the rest of the cards towards us, the whole deck. ‐ So smooth, Sofía. So smooth. ‐ I'm very good with my hands, Heidi. ‐ There you go. And slide it in backwards. [laughter] Well, it's the moment of truth. I want you to spread your cards back out And pull the one card out, and show everyone what is the card that spoke to you. ‐ As de diamantes. ‐ The ace of diamonds. Now, before this whole thing began, I did the same thing that you did. I reached in my deck, and I turned one card around. I'm gonna do this very slowly so you can see there's literally only one card in the deck facing the opposite direction of every card right in the center, just like yours was. And I'll show you the whole deck. The crazy thing is, even though we are hundreds of miles apart, somehow, we could still connect. ‐ Oh, my God! ‐ Wow! ‐ Do I have a camera in here? ‐ How did that happen? ‐ You're a demon. ‐ That's amazing! ‐ Thank you. ‐ Heidi, what did you think of the magic? ‐ I liked it. I like you, too. I think you're a good‐looking, charming person, and I thought this was really cool. ‐ Thank you. ‐ What did you think, Howie? ‐ I thought it was amazing, and I can only imagine what you can do with the big stage that "AGT" provides. You're an amazing mentalist. ‐ The fact that you made the effort, you know, with your presentation, for a magician, it's really important 'cause it shows that you care. So well done. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ Well, it's time to vote. Simon? ‐ It's a definite yes. ‐ Heidi? ‐ A yes for me as well. ‐ Howie? ‐ Yes! ‐ He's still stuck. ‐ And I'm gonna say yes! ‐ Oh, my gosh! [laughs] ‐ Well done, kiddo. ‐ Max! Thank you, sir. Thank you. That was awesome. All right, judges, do we want to see more talent? ‐ Whoo‐hoo! ‐ Whoo! ‐ Hi, everyone. ‐ How are you guys? ‐ You may remember, I'm the guy who got shot out of a cannon and flew over the rotating blades of a helicopter. ‐ Whoo! ‐ And I blew myself up! [upbeat music] [cheers and applause] ‐ Now we're joining forces to audition... both: Together! ♪ ♪ ‐ What? ‐ We're gonna be bringing double the danger. ‐ Wow. ‐ We're a dad/daughter daredevil duo. ‐ So likable. So much fun. I'd love to see you guys in front of an audience. ‐ Next up are the Hertz. They're a family‐‐ [cheers] ‐ Oh, my goodness! What will you guys be doing for us today? ‐ We're gonna dance for you guys today. ‐ Okay, Hertz family. Let's do it! [cheers, laughter] ‐ Let's do it! ‐ That's what I'm talking about! ‐ ♪ Lights up, follow the noise ♪ ‐ Fun, original. I love the fact you're a family. ‐ I have to step it up a little bit at home with my husband and my four kids. That's all I can say. ‐ Four yeses! ‐ Thank you! [laughter] ‐ Next up is Erin McCarthy. ‐ Erin, how are you? ‐ I'm so well. How are you? ‐ I'm fantastic. Thank you. Tell us about you, please. ‐ I am a voice teacher who lives on a farm in rural Oregon. ‐ So what's the dream, Erin? ‐ When I was younger, in my early 20s, I tried to make a go of an opera career. And for whatever reason, life happened, and it just didn't work out. So I'm really, really, really hoping that this is a fresh start for me as a singer and that I can get back on the horse. ‐ Okay, well, the stage literally is yours. ‐ [chuckles] All right. [horse whinnies] ‐ She's on a horse! ‐ Wow! ‐ I never‐‐I actually didn't know that. [horse chuffs] ‐ Beautiful. [classy music] ‐ [singing operatically] ‐ [chuckles] ‐ [continues singing operatically] ♪ ♪ ‐ [chuckles] ‐ Yeah! ‐ Wow. ‐ [chuckles] ‐ Simon, what did you think? [Terry laughs] [laughs] ‐ Oh, oh! I'm sorry. ‐ [laughs] ‐ Whoo! ‐ Sorry, I got‐‐ I got quite emotional there. Um... [laughter] ‐ That was the most fun I've ever had today. ‐ Oh, yay! Aww. ‐ You're not horsing around there, are you? [laughter] ‐ I was kind of reading the horse's mind throughout, and it was saying, "Gallop." ‐ Yes, it was. Yes. ‐ I'm having the best time. ‐ It was ready to go. It was... ‐ Yeah, literally. I mean, that horse could've won the Kentucky Derby. [laughter] Howie, yes or no? ‐ It's so ridiculous. It's a yes. ‐ Uh, Sofía? ‐ I don't know what was happening, but I'm gonna say yes. I loved it. ‐ Heidi? ‐ I want to see what you're gonna do next. Yes. ‐ Okay, I'm gonna say no, but you have got three yeses. So congratulations. I do love you, though. You are funny. ‐ Oh, thank you so much. ‐ [smooches] [horse whinnies] ‐ Look at that! ‐ Off into the sunset. ‐ [chuckles] ‐ I can't wait for people, man. Oh, my God. ‐ I know. ‐ My family is so sick of me. ‐ Terry, do you play the flute actually at home? ‐ My wife is like, "Not again, please!" [laughs] ‐ Where is that flute? Come on. I know you have it there somewhere in a drawer. ‐ No. Don't encourage him. ‐ In a drawer? What are you talking about? [laughter] [flute plays] ‐ Oh! ‐ Look it, it's right next to my head. We can play both sides! ‐ Let's hear it... [flute plays] ‐ I need my X. ♪ ♪ [laughter] [electricity buzzes] ‐ We had the best year ever at the auditions. [switch clicks] ‐ It is the most amazing feeling to be back on this desk. ‐ I cannot believe I'm here. I feel so lucky! ‐ This is the biggest stage in the world. ‐ The competition this year is gonna be intense. [upbeat music] ‐ What's your name, please? ‐ Double Trouble. ‐ My name is Calvin Lewis. ‐ Marty Ross. ‐ We're Olox. ‐ All roads have led to this X right here. ‐ Two minutes to change your life forever. ♪ ♪ ‐ Man, this show better be funny! ‐ I don't want to. No, no, no. ‐ Pull it! ‐ Pull on the sword! ‐ I can't! ‐ You were the wrong choice. ‐ Did you ever hear somebody's name and know immediately that this person is a better lover than you? Alejandro. I'm like, "No!" You couldn't be with a Simon? You couldn't do a Simon? ‐ ♪ And if you should miss my love ♪ ‐ Simon, meow. ‐ Ditto. ‐ Hey, yo, Simon, what you think of the rhymin', dog? ‐ Give a kiss to Mama. Give a kiss to Mama. ♪ ♪ ‐ Whoa! ‐ Oh! ‐ ♪ The day I set you free ♪ ‐ [humming] ♪ Every now and then I get a little bit tired ♪ ♪ Of listening to the sound of my tears ♪ ‐ [imitates clucking] ‐ Everything went well... until you started singing, which was dreadful. [buzzers sounding] ‐ Ah! [audience groaning] ‐ Yeah, that was not good. [buzzer] ‐ Hi, Dad. ‐ Oh, I don't know why I like you. You're such a [bleep]. [laughter] ‐ That's gonna get bleeped. ‐ ♪ Ain't no mountain high enough ♪ ‐ We weren't expecting that. ‐ I think you were a little naughty, and I love it. ♪ ♪ ‐ No! ♪ ♪ Aah! ‐ Aah! ‐ ♪ Ain't no mountain high enough ♪ ♪ Ain't no valley low enough ♪ ‐ Aah! ♪ ♪ ‐ Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. ‐ ♪ Ain't no mountain high enough ♪ ♪ Nothing can keep me ♪ ‐ You're gonna get acid reflux. ♪ ♪ ‐ This year we are meeting the most amazing people. ‐ Why did you come to "AGT"? ‐ I've been watching "AGT." I'm the biggest fan. Kodi Lee had a disability. I was born with a delayed‐language disability. I was put to special education, and I was bullied. ‐ I struggle a lot with being accepted for the way that I look. ‐ I've been bullied my entire life, and people judge me for my appearance. ‐ I was just incarcerated for 37 years for somebody else crime. ‐ ♪ Things look so bad... ♪ ‐ Wow. Archie, I'm so sorry you had to go through what you went through, but thank God the right thing happened and you're out. ‐ ♪ We walk the line ♪ ‐ This will change my life by putting us in a home. ‐ I want you to think of this building right now and that stage as your house. ‐ ♪ Bring me a higher love ♪ ‐ There's one way you win over bullies. It's by being happy and successful. Take a deep breath. We're here to support you. ‐ ♪ Bring me a higher love ♪ ‐ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Bring me love ♪ ‐ ♪ Bring me a higher love ♪ ‐ ♪ We need a higher love ♪ ‐ ♪ Bring me a higher love ♪ ‐ ♪ Bring me, bring me, yeah ♪ ‐ This is an audition I will never forget for the whole of my life, Archie. ‐ ♪ Bring me a higher love ♪ ♪ Oh, bring me love ♪ ‐ [crying] This means so much to me. It means so much. ‐ You blew the roof off this house! [Heidi screaming] ‐ ♪ Bring me, yeah ♪ ‐ I think you are absolutely out of this world. ‐ ♪ Oh ♪ ‐ It was unbelievable. ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ Bring me a higher love ♪ ‐ You got five yeses. ‐ ♪ Bring higher love ♪ ‐ I've got such a buzz out of thinking we have discovered a future star. ‐ Yeah! ‐ You are so unbelievably talented. ‐ Simon, Simon, I got to stop you! It's time to make something happen. What they did today has moved me to this point right now! [dramatic music] ‐ ♪ Bring me a higher love ♪ ‐ You know what? Let's see who is going to bully you after this. ‐ ♪ We need a higher love ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ Bring me, bring me love ♪ ‐ Are you ready for this? Are you ready for this? [shouts indistinctly] ‐ ♪ Bring me a higher love ♪ ‐ ♪ Oh, bring me love ♪ ‐ I feel your pain. I feel your love. You moved me. ♪ ♪ ‐ I understand how important this is to you. I want to give you a little head start. [screaming] ‐ ♪ Bring me a higher love ♪ ♪ Bring me a higher love, oh, oh ♪ ‐ Who is going to make it to the live show? ‐ Time to make a decision. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 