America's Got Talent: Season 14, Episode 23 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America's Got Talent 
 s14e23 - Live Results Finale - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America's Got Talent (2006–…): Season 14, Episode 23 - Live Results Finale - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  this is a stage that can Make you or break you. It's enormous pressure it has and will change your Life you put the whole competition On notice. this is everything I love About this show. he has the talent to go all The way. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 you are in it to win it you're a great inspiration And a great talent you've changed the world. this is where it comes down To the wire. this is most important night Of your lives. the winner of "Agt" season 14 Is - live from Hollywood, it's "America's got the finale!" Here's your host, terry crews. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and right here is the News everybody is waiting for. Whichever act's name is in here Is going to win $1 million Tonight! But right now, with his Worldwide smash hi Collaboration with Whitney houston, featuring the Ndlovu youth choir and the Detroit youth choir, give it up For kygo There must be higher lov Without it I'll look inside min In this whole worl And we try to se Bring me a higher love Bring me a higher love Bring higher love love [ singing in foreign language Bring me a higher love I keep thinking of Bring me a higher love Bring higher love love [ singing in foreign language give it up for Macklemore Get 'em what it is What it isn' Instead of Get up Little bit of humble Like rocky and cosby Bad moonwalkin On broadwa I shed my skin To it and yet I'm on Got that bob barker suit gam And stick around To pass the torc I-n-d-e-p-e-n-d-e-n- Since I was fourteen Halfway cross that cit Crushin' Nothin Spread it across the country Now they can't tell me We give it to the people Hey hey hey oh Tonight is the night So we put our hands up Like the ceiling This is the moment 'til it's over Can't hold u Nah nah nah nah nah nah na Na Tonight is the night So we put our hands up Like the ceiling one more time for Grammy award winning rapper and Songwriter Macklemore and detroit youth Choir and kygo and the ndlovu Youth choir! All right, this is the Finale!" Let's keep it simple Tonight we find out who's won! As the acts came to the dolby Last killer performance and they Yesterday, they all knew, one Could win it all Check it out Signatures every. every one of you has a shot Tonight. I want to say a sincere good Luck Anything is possible I'm proud of all of you. three, two, one here we go! We're live Are you ready for the biggest Battle of the season the most thrilling acts in The history of "Agt". that was unfreakin' Believable are you kidding way up there. oh, my god. [ screaming oh, my god. you guys shine so bright on detroit versus everybody! That stage tonight you've done everything with Enthusiasm, personality. This isgoing to be such a toug Competition tonight. And god bless you, mr. White detroit, stand tall I just love everyone. you're making it really hard. the stars are aligned for you Right now. you have the most incredible that talent is extraordinary. Voice. And my god, do you deserve to be Here tonight that girl is going to have a Big career who is your favorite so far the opera singer. I meant out of the judges it's fun to be on tv. I hear the camera adds ten Fingers. I've been trying to figure out Why no one wants to shake my Hand Some people are concerned They're going to catch it. The only way you're going to Catch it is if I sneeze in your Mouth. Just know that if you don't vote For me it's technically a hate Crime. there are so many come disand Manifest being Done enough to show he's box Movies being made, this guy has Office, he's popular I have a production company And I want you to be a star in One of my movies I wouldn't have bothered Trying this if I didn't think I Had a chance to win. Can I be in a movie? you are changing lives. you can find the words Sincerity, decency Chance at winning this whole You've just given yourself a Competition. we came to change lives that was you being creative And innovative and absolutely You. you pulled out the best Performance you have done Throughout this whole Competition. the most immersive, fun vegas Act. Gluten-free. And the entire act was no, it's not, there's a hot Dog. Hot dogs aren't gluten free, Howie. it was just you, your voice, And a guitar That is when you know you are a Star listen, I love you, benicio, You know that, but I think you Just took a big gamble He scared me I hate you. I'm hated and scared all in One. Thank you, mr. Cowell. how is my buddy You're going to kill it tonight. beyonce personally cleared That song. I am bursting with pride for you Right now. You've got a shot here I am so proud and so You are worthy of being here Inspired You're worthy of winning that was the best Performance. absolutely, no doubt about It I just can't believe that Beyonce cleared the song Does beyonce know who I am now play a little something for Us, kodi oh, yeah. I'm so nervous until it Starts I think the whole world would Be lost if we had not found kodi Lee. thank you when you sing, time stops that was as good as I've ever Heard. that was the most beautiful Thing. the best final I have ever Sat on in my life. you can dream it, you can do It there are no weaklings in the Competition. what a night, man, what a Night. it's the most emotional night Of television I've ever been Part of. my heart is like bursting a great ending to a great Night. it was a crazy night Right now, please welcome the Four people who started it all Back at the auditions, your "Agt" judges Howie mandel Gabrielle union! Julianne hough And "The" simon cowell Simon, how big a deal is it, to Be the "Agt" champion? oh, me yes, sir I was just immersed he's at a loss for Here Words. it's going to be a Huge, huge deal. I have no idea what's going to Happen tonight, terry. The final five minutes are going To be tense. I cannot wait. thank you, simon So tonight, one act is gonna win One million dollars. Who did enough to win the Greatest prize in show business? We will find out tonight And we've got the top 10 performing duets and mash-ups With some of the world's biggest Stars including billy ray cyrus, Ozuna, lang lang, pop music Legend, cher And we've got some big surprises Coming up. We got "Agt" stars We got superstars. Winner And we're gonna get ourselves a Stay right there every tuesday, the Agt acts use the dunkin' lounge To come back dow After the adrenaline rush of the Show Well, some of them do. Others get up there and just go Bananas. Check out what happened after The toughest show of their lives Last night - detroit youth choir, Y'all rocked it. You represented all michiganers Like me. It happens to be your birthday Today. Blow out the candle. All right! No, try it again Come on. What Gabrielle was talking about Talking to you about a long time Movie roles, the stuff I've been Ago. we're going to make millions. I love it. Our cups and hearts are always Full in the dunkin' lounge Man, I am going to miss the Dunkin' lounge Over the season I've learned a Lot of new skills there. Okay Next on stage, We got an exclusive agt mashup Here's a young violinist who's Been making waves on the show This year, and tonight he's Performing alongside his hero a Young violinist who made the top Three last year. They're here with an act, which Has already become a global Sensation. Give it up for light balance Kids with tyler butler-figueroa And brian king joseph! paula abdul! The paula abdul, y'all Simon, the reunion how did you get up There? she's been with the Group the whole time that was, by the way, Brilliant. paula is launching her Las vegas residency "Forever Your girl" this october at the Flamingo las vegas hotel and Casino, tickets are on sale now. And brian king's debut album Comes out in january One more time for light balance Kids, tyler butler-figueroa, An Brian king joseph and Paula abdul! We are getting closer to the First results of the night And after the break, we've got An incredible duet  Emanne there have been a lot Of Jaw-dropping moments on "Agt" This season, and one of them was Back at the auditions, the first Time we heard this young opera Singer Tonight, she's performing with The world's greatest living Pianist and global superstar It's emanne beasha But first, welcome lang lang [ singing in foreign language [ singing in foreign language thank you incredible The piece lang lan Played is from his essential new Album "Piano book. One more time for emanne beasha And the incredible lang lang Okay As you've seen, our finalists Are performing with their heroes Tonight. And here's ryan niemiller with His hero But it's not a comedian. Check it out the reason I got into comedy And improv is it was going to Help me be a pro wrestler. I fell in love with it at age 00:24:23,069 --> 00:24:24,009 It's like live action Superheroes. You could be whatever you Wanted I picture myself in the ring I'm lifting 300-pound guys up, Slamming them to the ground. There's no bigger drama than That It isn't going to be, he's a Poor handicapped guy No, he means business. I'm going to knock them out, Chris jericho is my all time That's all there is to it. Favorite wrestler. He hit me up on twitter. He said he was a fan of me, Which is amazing, because I'm a Huge fan of him. what's up, how are you? he said he was going to show Me a couple of things. This is going to be fun. congratulations thank you so much This is a very cool moment for Me, because I wanted to be a Wrestler, I always felt like an Underdog, that's where I came up With this cripple threat People underestimate me, push me Around, but you don't turn your Back on the cripple threat that's the catch phrase I'll try and teach you some Tricks that's exactly what I'm Looking for. spread that in. So I go like here. I go like here. I want you to talk to a legit Pro wrestler like right to his face? Your beard could use some work have you seen your beard? It's not a real person Show him what you got. Tell him what you got. you're a dummy. right now you're a dummy. Because you're really starting To bother me the cripple threat is getting A little tired of your sass. sass? yeah. you can't say "Sass." I'm going to give this guy a Modification that's going to Make you feel something. that's simon cowell's face. that's right, it's simon Cowell, the most intimidating but I need him to be on my Judge on tv. Side don't worry about him He's not even from this country. Hey, simon cowell, you've got Big ears and english accents are Stupid because they're hard to Understand Something like that. I'm starting to lose a lot of Sleep because I have to prepare To impress you and you're always Wearing white shirts Even I figured out a button, Simon. And you don't know what ramen Noodles are? Everything is in my hands? Your face is about to be in my Hands when I rip it off! exactly what I'm looking for. He really doesn't know what Ramen noodles are? you said I might get to Wrestle. This is serious stuff. it takes years of troingainin You could get hurt come here It will be something like, I Think I can do this, you'll talk Smack, I'll give you a little Bit of shove like that ow! can we get the medic? let's get down to the ring. Enough let's get everybody out of Here We need some room, guys. oh, my gosh I feel responsible for this. this has nothing to do with You, you couldn't make him do This I feel personally Responsible. He's down on the ground. he's going to be okay you don't turn your back on The cripple threat one, two, three whoo! he's a winner and that's why you never turn Your back on the cripple threat! Told you I was ready ryan, that was your Dream come true. But do you think you could take Me absolutely. ow! Good luck tonight, ryan. Okay, okay Still to come, we've got the Results, leona lewis, and one of Our judges will be taking the Stag For real And after the break, one of our Finalists will be performing With the incredible ozuna. Stay rig t welcome back to "Agt," This is the biggest talent show The finale In the world, with the prize Everybody wants  let me just say omething. You've been standing for the Entire season. Have a seat. Relax for just a second. I just want to say, for being a Judge for ten years, I pride Myself on being able to identify Great talent, not just for Magic, music, acrobats, But also from our host Everything you see on the show, Watch this Terry's arrival this season is The epitome of who he is He exemplifies low-key subtlety Each and every time he walks in The room So I love that about him Terry adds a level of energy It's what the show needs He comes out and just turns this Place up I had that exact same hair do In high school he has absolute Sincerity and compassion for the Contestants. don't worry about me, Your mama is a superstar terry's got some moves. I wouldn't mind getting up on That stage and dancing with him A little bit he's brilliant Why would anyone, a, invent it, Absolutely brilliant And b, want to play it Does anyone ever actually make a Career out of playing the flute? The answer is no Terry, can you just drag him Off, please? there's no better Place for act to go, good or Bad, than into the arms of terry Crews. it will be okay. I've got you I'm the bodyguard to your Dreams Wow! Oh, hello. he is really what you think He is, he is the most positive Person in hollywood and one of The nicest people on the planet. There's no better host than Terry crews. I love this! okay If you make it to the agt Finale, not only are you in with A shot at winning $1 million, You also get to perform with Some amazing superstars. And right now, here's a shy, 15-year-old singer taking the Stage with his idol, one of the World' Biggest stars. Give it up for benicio bryant And the sensational ozuna! Makes the whole room That doo [ singing in foreign language [ singing in foreign language Keep movin [ singing in foreign language [ singing in foreign language Keep movin [ singing in foreign language ladies and gentlemen, ozuna [ singing in foreign language [ singing in foreign language [ singing in foreign language agt, make some noise! [ singing in foreign language [ singing in foreign language benicio bryant and Ozuna! Thank you, guys. Ozuna's single "Te soné de Nuevo" is top of the billboard Charts right now And he has a new album dropping At the end of november Lee performing with leona lewis. Still to come, we've got kodi Voices of service will be here With billy ray cyrus and of Course, those results are Getting closer But right now, give it up one More time for benicio bryantnd okay, check this, in a Couple of minutes one of our Judges will be performing with One of our finalists Don't worry, it's not howie and The empty chair might give it His version of juice Away We've also got a stunning Performance from pop legend Cher But earlier we sat her down with Simon, and well we just asked Them a bunch of completely Random questions Check it out I like beers, I really love Capped, I think big Beers, but I like them well Skraglingually ones everyone Looks like they're going to the Mountains. For food for sure. 100%. I'm great at it. what is it? you put your arms out and you Hold yourself up and it's a Stomach exercise I've done one for five minutes, One time It's a bitch it works. yeah. okay. I'll try it. I'll help you done. I happen to have one for two Years. I bet you feel better like a different person I use pigeons. I swear you don't I have pigeons send messages Between offices. what about a friend I would literally send you a Pigeon with a message. why don't you just call me? I don't have a phone. oh, yes an active game, you're Running all over the place I like it. we have a new game called that's not really a new game. Pong really? No one told me that. I thought it was amazing I think it's unbelievable. can anybody here with a Straight face say it's a new Game is it not no, it's old. It's almost as old as me To this. yeah, I mean, I'm a newcomer you're a newcomer to Chocolate? I stopped eating dairy, and Then I started to miss chocolate So now dark chocolate. okay. Well, the dark chocolate is good For you. I'll eat all of it, I don't Care I'm a chocolate lover. There's a birthday cake that we Get and it's the best cake and Chocolate ever have you ever had a curly Wurly? no. I'll send you one is that an english thing? it's english. It's basically toffee and Chocolate in a sort of a swirl okay, sent me one, send me One, but not by a bird okay. all right Performing the world premiere of Her brand new single "Transform," here's our very own Judge julianne hough Yes! And joining julianne are the Incredible v.Unbeatable! Define Talking, I can't stop the voice I gotta own every part of me, To transform and be better than julianne hough and V.Unbeatable, amazing! Julianne's new single "Transform" is out now Go check it out wherever you Stream or download music Let's hear it one more time for V.Unbeatable and the sensational Julianne hough Okay This week, we've been watching The top ten acts fighting to Win. But there are a lot of acts who Never get beyond the first Audition. Here's lilly singh's take on the Five least-good auditions Of the season. how's it going? My name is lilly and I'm so Excited to be on the season Finale of "America's got I thought we should take a Talent". Second to appreciate some of my Favorite acts from the season, Those buzzed off almost Immediately. My top five picks, the number Five is the monkey I mean, america, is the number One top  we've had 14 fantastic years. Now it's over. simon, I don't know what You're talking about, this is Gold Number four, definitely death. anyone who says you can't Cheat death hasn't met my Ex-girlfriend. I mean, what's funnier than Death? Am I right Am I right Number three, yuriyan. I need to go start a fan agent Account for yuriyan. I am a fan This ootd I need to get. Talk about a bold move Where can I get one in my size Number two, brandon. Now, my personal opinion, if Magic mike was there, sales Would have doubled I'm going to call channing right Now. And last but definitely not Least, in that number one, my Favorite seth word, tattooed Not only did you audition last Right here Year, you auditioned twice this Year as a giraffe, as a walrus, And on top of that you risked Your life for your trade And I respect that, good sir Those are my top five picks for Buzzed-off acts of this season Of "America's got talent." I cannot wait to see more. I'm a fan. I love that lilly just Joined the nbc family. You can have more fun with lilly As host of a little late with Lily singh Late nights on nbc After the break, our four Military veterans will be Performing a song that's very Close to their hearts. Actually with the star who wrote It It's voices of service and billy Stay right there Ray cyrus. in just a few minutes, We'r Gonna find out which acts have Made it into the top 5 and Before that, here's one of our Finalists in a moving song which Is very close to their hearts. Performing "Some gave all," Here's voices of service and the Star who wrote the song  Billy ray cyrus! He left a boy came bac As he said these words And some gave al And blue And blue And recall billy ray cyrus and Voices of service. Thank you, guys. Billy ray has teamed up with Emerging artist johnny mcguire And their new single "Chevys and Fords" is available everywhere Make some noise for voices of Service and billy ray cyrus! Okay "America's got talent" is all About giving people a chance And one of our judges is Grateful for the opportunities America has given him. Here's simon cowell on his American dream my thoughts about America before I ever came here, I wanted to come here, Basically. And I was 5 or 6, I used to Watch the hanna-barbera Cartoons, from the flintstones, Secret squirrel, there was a Character called skiddly-diddly Which is why one of my dogs is Called skiddly and the other is Diddly I was driving around thinking, This is the most incredible I've been to almost every city Place I've been in my life In america Wherever I go, the people have Been the nightest people I ever Met in my life For me the american dream is, Regardless of your background, Work hard and you're bright, Anything is possible You've got a lot of people Saying no at the beginning But if you believe in yourself, You do something which makes a Difference Then life starts to work for You. It's what the shows are about. The american dream, still alive And kicking. I love america because Anybody is able to follow their Dreams america means to me that I Can be and do whatever I want. all they have to do have the the ten finalists who got Drive, the desire, the passion Through, I could not be more Proud. It's like a dream final for me Our legacy is going to be our Contestants. here in america, everything Is possible. if you believe hard enough And you're too dumb to quit, Dreams do come true. I think the american dream Can belong to anyone I would say today I've never Felt happier and I appreciate What this country, the Opportunity it's given me. I'm very thankful. America does literally feel like My home now. it's almost time Has your favorite made it into The top 5? The results are right around the Right now this is special Corner This artist is a grammy-winning Singer, an oscar-winning Actress, an emmy-winning tv star And a fashion icon She's one of the biggest-selling Singers of all time! America, make some noise for Cher My destiny For ever mor Is to be with yo Finally facing My only chance For ever mor If I wanted to When I los give it up for cher! Cher's "Here we go Again" tour starts november 19th In portland make sure you Check that out And her new fragrance "Eau de In november. Couture" will also be available Give it up one more time for Greatness, cher! Okay, still to come, morestars More surprises, and of course The results everybody's sometimes an act comes Along who creates an incredible Buzz, and that's our next Finalist Tonight he's performing with Three-time grammy award winning Nominee. Please welcome kodi lee and the Incredible leona lewis 'cause you are the reaso I'm losing my slee And you are the reason That I'm still breathing And swim every ocean Just to be with yo Cause I need you to se That you are the reaso If I could turn back the clock I'd spend every hour Of every day Every mountain And swim every ocean Oh 'cause I need you to se That you are the reaso And swim every ocean Just to be with yo You to see amazing Leona lewis and kodi lee "You are the reason" is out now And it's available everywhere. One more time for kodi lee and Leona lewis! Pretty soon now, we are gonna Get ourselves a winner There's a lot of pressure and Stress for the acts tonight. So, recently, I sat down with Them one-on-one, to talk about Their experience on "Agt." Check it out I felt like I needed to sit down It's been a wild ride. And have a conversation with you Guys because my goodness, here We are everything's been going so, So fast, it's like week after Week after week. six months ago you all Auditioned What was that like meeting you and meeting the Judges is so xciting I've grown up with the show Never really thinking, oh, maybe I'll be on there one day A couple of years later I was Standing on that stage, singing My song. It's just so amazing what did she give you she gave me the golden Buzzer it's taught me to never stop Dreaming this is my first time in Hello, america America. I think that most of us have This thing on the day of the Performance, you're really Nervous, and then when the music Starts, then for us, dancing Just brings us joy judge cuts was just Unbelievable for you guys. you can see that. In judge cut we got golden Buzzer, it was crazy All of our members went crazy. Extremely amazing for us we are live! You've been getting big and her Better That's what I see. I feel like I've been more Confident in myself. I noticed you got height last Time, you were hitting the Height, man. Do you have any rituals that Happen when you did your I usually have a container of Performance? Frosting Not the whole container because I would probably  a container of frosting What flavor? vanilla Plain vanilla. the dunkin' save was the most Terrifying most 30 minutes of my Life It's stressful because you're Live on instagram talking about, Please vote for me, then smile Terry's here Hi, terry. I asked that question, How are you doing. how do you think I'm doing, Terry? you and kodi lee were Brought up It was just so intense All the audience was like, kodi! it took forever I was like  and you said, both of you both of you! I was going to take my shoe Off and go, whack! this is it, this is The finals Ten of you this is overwhelming right Now. you guys are one step Away from $1 million the fact that I'm here and We're this close, it's crazy It blows my mind if you call my name, I'll Freak out. I would lose it. what is the first Thing you would do with $1 Million? buy lots of grand pianos in Every color. I would buy my mom a new car Because she's always been there For me Move to las vegas? are you guys ready to don't get me excited. to have your own show, to Have your name in lights on the Marquee in vegas, being a Millionaire and then a vegas Headliner. you guys are Absolutely amazing thank you you definitely earned Your spot here thank you It's crazy thank you thank you. america, give it up For you top 10 finalists The waiting is almost over After this break, we are gonna Get the first results of the Night. And five of these acts will be Heading home It is time to get serious. Stay right there one winner will walk Away with $1 million and a Headline show at the paris, las Vegas casino Welcome back to "Agt The finale!" And please welcome back your top Ten! Within the next hour, one of These acts is going to have Their life turned on its head. They'll be leaving here with $1 million and they'll be going On to headline a show in Las vegas. It's what they've all dreamed of Since long before they even Auditioned Ten acts fought to win last Night. It's time to find out who's Moving a step closer to winning The dream. In no particular order, let's Find out who made it into the Top 5! Voices of service. And benicio bryant Please step forward. Voices of service, last night Simon said you defined the words Sincerity, decency, and talent Benicio bryant, julianne loved That your performance was just You and a guitar and simon said You were brilliant One of you is staying in the Competition. America has voted. One of you is going home The act taking the first spot in The top five is  Voices of service! Give it up one more time for Benicio bryant You've done a great job. Voices of service, you are in The top five Let's hear it for voices of Service! Let's see who else you voted Into the top five. Emanne beasha. And ryan niemiller Please step forward. Emanne beasha, last night Gabrielle said if an angel Dropped down to earth, she would Sound like you Ryan niemiller, howie wanted to Hug you and said you're not only Funny and talented, he wants you To be a star Only one of you is going into The top five America has voted. The act taking the second spot In the top five is  Ryan niemiller Give it up one more time for Emanne beasha. Ryan You are in the top five! Let's hear it one more time for Ryan niemiller Two acts are through to the top Five And two have left the Competition. Let's keep it going. V.Unbeatable And ndlovu youth choir Please step forward. V.Unbeatable, last night howie Said your act was the most Thrilling in the history of "Agt." Ndlovu youth choir, gabrielle And you are the pride of Said you are the pride of africa America. Only one of you is staying in The competition. America has voted. The act taking the third spot in The top five is  V.Unbeatable Give it up one more time for Ndlovu youth choir Let's hear it for v.Unbeatable You are in the top five. Go join the others There are two spots left in the Top five Let's see who else has made it Kodi lee And light balance kids Please step forward. Kodi lee, last night gabrielle Said you have changed the world And that the whole world would Be lost without you. Light balance kids, julianne Said you were creative, Innovative, and you knocked it Out of the park. Only one of you is staying America has voted. The act taking the fourth spot In the top five is - Kodi lee Give it up one more time for Light balance kids Kodi lee, you've made it into The top five Let's give it up one more time For kodi lee Wow, this is heavy Now there's just one spot left In the top five. And we have our last two acts Waiting. This is it Tyler butler-figueroa. And detroit youth choir. Please step forward. Tyler butler-figueroa, last Night howie said he was inspired And simon said he was busting With pride for you Detroit youth choir, simon said That throughout this competition You have done everything with Enthusiasm, friendship, talent, And personality. Only one of you is staying in The competition. America has voted. The act taking the last spot in The top five is  Detroit youth choir! For tyler butler-figueroa. Please give it up one more time Amazing, you did amazing, sir. Detroit youth choir, you are in The top five Let's hear it for detroit youth Choir. We have the top five, make some Noise, come and join me, Everybody! Whoo These five acts took a big step After the break, we'll find out Toward winning Who finished in fifth place. Yes, this is tgh before the break, we Found out which are the nation's Top five acts. It's amazing to get this far but Now we're going to get serious Again. We're about to find out who Finished in fifth place. America has voted. Good luck to all of you. The act finishing in fifth place And leaving the competition Is  Voices of service. Thank you so much, voices. You are incredible What has being on "Agt" meant to You? it's been everything. We want to thank you for Supporting us and supporting the Country. Thank you for the opportunity. We're very grateful. howie, what do you Want to say to voices of Service? I want to say, voices Of service, you won you. Won our hearts You won the honor and the minds And everybody that serves this Country, of the audience We love you, we need you Our stage. Thank you so much for gracing We love you. And I'm telling you, this is Just the beginning for you It really is thank you you've been great! America, make that noise one More time for voices of service. all right, we are down To four. Acts will be leaving the But after the break, two more Competition. Man, this is hard. Do not mov auditions for next Season are happening now Join us in person in miami, Louisville, new york, or a city Near you This could be your moment. This is "Agt the finale." And we now have four Acts still in with a chance of Winning. But it's time to reveal your top 3, which means one more act has To leave Good luck to all of you. America has voted. The act finishing in fourth Place and leaving the Competition is  V.Unbeatable V.Unbeatable What has being on "Agt" meant For you guys it was a dream for us We'll work hard for our dreams We'll fight for our dreams one Day. julianne, what do you Have to say to v.Unbeatable? it's shocking But the impact you guys have Made every single week has been Above and beyond what winning This show could even mean. I know you guys will have an I will be the first person at Incredible career ahead. That show. You guys have honestly created Not just community in america But globally, you have united Us thank you so much v.Unbeatable, you guys Have been amazing every week Please, make some noise one more Time for v.Unbeatable! We have your top three Detroit youth choir. Ryan niemiller, kodi lee, and Just think about that. These are the three best new Acts in the country. But you know the score Only one can win So, let's find out who's Finishing in third place America has voted. The act finishing in third place And leaving the competition Ryan niemiller Is  Ryan, I'm so sorry, brother. Listen, let's take a look back At your time on "Agt," right There. we're going to see if I'm Indiana funny or if I'm Phen-fen Looking different is not easy. But I'm not going to grow arms Tomorrow This is what it is Disability So obviously I have a I think the technical term for It is being very handsome. I could cry or I could control My narrative Controlling my narrative is a Lot more fun Oh, my god, what happened? Call somebody! you are funny, you are A star, I love you Struggle but without the I don't necessarily like the Struggle you don't know how Strong you really are. I think I've shown everybody I'm Pretty damn strong you were born to do This I'm grateful that I had an Opportunity to be a part of This I'm so excited to see what's Next ryan, what has this this has been everything. "Agt" experience meant to you? I never thought, five years ago, Someone that looks like me never Would have even been allowed to Be on television like this To be able to get this far, Third place ain't bad, I'll Definitely take that Thank you all so much, club nub Is alive and well, baby! tell me when Next star. You're available, you are my You have captured the hearts and Minds of this entire nation and Shown us all how to succeed with Humor and graciousness and true Inclusion. But I'm just excited for the Next chapter and I hope now, Because I know you're going to Have a lot more offers than just Me, so I hope you remember me. I'll have my people talk to Your people. Appear you've been sensation America, give it up one more Time for ryan niemiller! So, we are down to the last two Acts America, let's hear it for your Top 2! We're down to the wire This is killing me So, I cant imagine what it's Like for these two After years of dreaming, months Performances Of auditions and weeks of live One of them is going to win the Greatest prize in show-business, In just a couple of short Minutes. Stay right there welcome back to "America's got talent," the Finale Week after week, the acts have Performed and you have voted Well, now we are down to the top Two acts of the season One of them is about to win $1 million and they will Headline a spectacular show in Las vegas. But also, from the moment I Announce the winner's name, Their life will change beyond Their wildest dreams This is huge We are down to the top two acts. Kodi lee And detroit youth choir. Winner Your votes have chosen the Before we get to that, here's a Reminder of the extraordinary Journeys these two acts have Taken on "Agt. Check it out how are you feeling, kodi I'm feeling so good yeah? yeah! what are you going to do here For us today I'm going to sing a song for You on the piano I'm going to remember this Moment for the rest of my life I'm so proud of you. you just changed the world. are you ready heck yeah who you are and what you Stand for makes the world so Much more of a better, beautiful Place. thank you I want the world to be a it's the semifinal. Happy place. you nailed that one going through to the finals kodi lee! you are one of the most Extraordinary people and talents We've had the great fortune to Have on any show we've made. when we first came on the Show, we were a bunch of nervous Kids tell us who you are, please we are the detroit youth Choir. this was your moment. absolute brilliance you could win this. every young man and woman on This stage represents where I Came from. And they did so well that I have To do this the detroit youth choir has Taught us to believe in "America's got talent" has taken Ourselves. That even further. thank you for inspiring a Nation every time you guys come Onstage, it's just amazing now that we're here we feel Like we can do anything we set Our minds to that's entertainment. congratulations to Both o You. You have already shown you are Stars. But who have you at home chosen As the winner? It's time. America has voted. The winner of the $1 million and The star of the headline show in Las vegas is  Kodi lee Congratulations! One more time for detroit youth Thank you so much, give it up Choir. You have been amazing, detroit America voted for you, kodi. How do you feel? it is so amazing. Unbelievable america, give it up One more time for kodi lee We'll be back with "Agt Champions" in january. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 