America's Got Talent: Season 14, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America's Got Talent 
 s14e4 - Auditions 4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America's Got Talent (2006–…): Season 14, Episode 4 - Auditions 4 - full transcript 
 Auditions continue as variety acts of all types and contestants of all ages audition for the chance to win the $1 million prize; the Golden Buzzer is still in play for two more lucky acts to go directly to the Live Shows in Los Angeles. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Riley, it's time to go. [knock on door] Today's a big day. Are you excited? Yeah. Registration is this way. Follow me. Welcome to "America's Got Talent." This way to the holding room. Right this way. All right, guys, we're gonna call through our numbers to go audition. [cheers and applause] Number 650 and under, you can go to your left. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Okay, everybody, give those red buzzers a breath. It's been a while-- Standby to reset the Xes. Camera 7 push in to the judges. But now, Howie, it's your time. Give 'em what they want. Give 'em a Golden Buzzer. [cheers and applause] [bombastic music] I'm gonna give you something special. People are talking about this now. You are an extraordinary young man. Let me tell you something: all it takes is one person to believe in a young man or woman for them to reach their dreams. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ I want a Sunday kind of love ♪ We're calling for numbers five to six, 5-0 and below. ♪ I love to last past Saturday night ♪ Don't know what I would do without you. I don't know what I'd do without you. ♪ I want a Sunday kind of love ♪ Ooh, look at that guy over there. Look at that guy. I have a little heart button there. I love you. That is sexy right there. Okay, calm down. Oh, my goodness. Ooh, look at them. ♪ A love- ♪ [record scratch] ♪ I need a Sunday kind of love ♪ My name is Melissa Arleth, and I love rats. I grew up on Long Island, and I always had big dreams of performing. I travel all over the country. I live out of my RV, so I've got a giant rat enclosure with my three rats. They are my constant companions. My mom is a little concerned. She said, "Don't you think maybe you want to settle down?" ♪ Yeah, yeah, I want a Sunday... ♪ But at the end of a long day, I have my rats. I love them. I want to say it's Howie's tenth year on here. [cheers and applause] If you do this right, you're gonna get all the cheese. Okay, go ahead. [cheers and applause] ♪ Love ♪ Hello. Hello. So tell me who you are. Oh, I'm Melissa. [rat squeaks] And that is? Hanta. Hanta? Like the virus. [audience groans] Oh! How old is Hanta? Hanta is about seven months old. And it's a she? Yes. She's very cute. She is. So is there just one or lots? We've got some understudies backstage, Pneumonia and Varicella. [laughter] Are they understudies or an infestation? Little of both. And how did you get into this? Like, where does a young lady find rats, and what inspired you? Well, I had some pet rats that I loved very much. Right. And I was working as a performer, so I started training my rats to do a couple of tricks and then I trained them to do some more stuff and then they started taking over the show. Okay. Good luck. [cheers and applause] ["William Tell Overture" playing] This is kind of amazing. Oh, rats. I love rats. ♪ ♪ Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Oh, my gosh. Is she gonna jump? [rat squeaks] [cheers and applause] All the way. All the way. On my shoulder. ♪ ♪ [audience gasps] [applause] [audience screams] [laughter] [rat squeaks] [cheers and applause] all: Oh! Oh. [laughter] Oh, no. No, no, Hanta. Really? No, no, Hanta. Hanta. Don't do it, Hanta. [rat squeaks] [laughter] Hanta? ♪ ♪ [screams] ♪ ♪ [audience screams] [cheers and applause] Keep going. Keep it going. ♪ ♪ Come on, buddy. Go, Hanta, go. Almost there. Almost there. Press the lever. [dramatic musical flourish] Yeah! [wild cheering] That was the weirdest, coolest thing I've ever seen. [cheers and applause] Whoo! Amazing. There are certain jokes, Howie, which I know are in your head right now. Please don't say it. Howie? Okay. I haven't seen this. This is incredibly unique. It's incredibly entertaining. I love it. Thank you. [applause] Gabrielle? That was super different and really unique. I've never seen rat talent like this. Hanta is a star. I definitely want to see more of Hanta. Thank you. I leaned over to Simon. I was like, "This is so weird, and I love it." This is so awesome. Nice. I've never seen anything like that before. That was so much fun. I think you guys are great. #Ilikeweird. Oh, me too. [both laugh] I loved that. I mean, it was bonkers-- We were all rooting. I think rats have just got bad PR. They're sweet, and people think they're nasty. They're nice. Well, that's why we're here today. Good for you. I love both of you. I'm gonna say yes. It's a weird yes for me. It's a "Ratatouille" yes for me. Four yeses. ["Chariots of Fire" playing] ♪ ♪ [wild cheering] ♪ ♪ You ever had a pet rat? I would. I have. No, you don't. I don't have it anymore. It was too cheesy. [laughter] That's your worst joke of the entire season. ♪ ♪ Cleanup to the stage, please. Cleanup to the stage. Coming up... I don't think any of us have ever seen anything like it. It's freaking amazing. This is incredibly unique. I love it. [cheers and applause] [beatboxing] [spirited guitar playing] Oh, my gosh. Your exuberance and your excitement. I have to do this! [cheers and applause] . [Fleetwood Mac's "The Chain" playing] I'm excited to see Simon. He's a great music producer. He's, like, not afraid to speak his mind. He's started so many different bands, Like, for example, Fifth Harmony. One Direction. Yes. He clearly has the track record to say, "I see talent. I know talent." [singing scales] Gotta warm up. [singing indistinctly] Not good. [singing high note] That's good. You see that? Yeah. That's good. That's good? Yeah, okay. You're not good. ♪ Ahh ♪ ♪ Listen to the wind blow ♪ ♪ La-la-la-la ♪ I'm just-- I'm a little nervous. Yeah? I mean, it is "America's Got Talent." Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's hope the next three minutes changes your life. [sighs] I'm ready I hope. I like that. ♪ Oh, and, baby ♪ ♪ Baby, baby, baby, baby, I'd rather be blind, oh ♪ I like your personality. I like your voice. But I'm not gonna lie to you. As a solo artist, it's not gonna work. ♪ And if you don't love me now ♪ I would say you should be in a group. ♪ Never love me again ♪ ♪ I can still hear you saying ♪ Simon, he's such a professional. That's my dream, to sing in front of him. He's the reason why I'm here today, and I really, really hope I make it to the top. ♪ Do you believe ♪ ♪ In life after love? ♪ ♪ I can feel something inside me say ♪ ♪ I really don't think you're strong enough, no ♪ Just being loud, I know it always gets a cheer, Trust me: it doesn't always sound great. This is all very karaoke for me. I don't think this is your year for us. That's my opinion. I actually loved what you did, and I think your performance was very special tonight. Based on that, I would have to say no. I love how straightforward he is. Mm-hmm. You know? 'Cause it's good to get an honest opinion. Yeah, it is. This is the biggest performance of my life. I'm, like, nervous. I'm sure all the judges will love you. Thank you so much for your support. ♪ Seems like everybody's got a price ♪ ♪ I wonder how they sleep at night ♪ ♪ When the sale comes first and the truth comes second ♪ ♪ Just stop for a minute and smile ♪ These versions of the songs just weren't unique enough. I would say come back in a year with a better plan, so I'm gonna say no right now. Thank you. ♪ And if you don't love me now ♪ You ready to give your big voice? I hope so. Aw, this is good. I'm a little nervous about getting on stage. No, don't be nervous. Go out there and show 'em what you got. [cheers and applause] Where did you come from? Right over there in the wings. You snuck on, didn't you? How are you? I'm good. Good. You look excited. Yeah, I'm very excited. And what's your name? Ansley Burns. And where're you from, Ansley? Easley, South Carolina. Oh. You got a great accent, by the way. Thank you. Okay, Ansley, are you like a comedian or a dancer? Well, I'm a singer. Oh, you're a singer. Yeah. Easley is a very small town. The population is small. And when I was little, I used to sing and pretend like I was on "America's Got Talent." My grandma would get her phone and she videoed me and now I'm in chorus at school, so I sing a lot for my school. I would love to sing for the rest of my life, so "America's Got Talent" is literally my dream. It's like I'm stepping inside the television, because usually I watch it on TV, and now when I see it, it's right over there. And I'm gonna be on that stage in front of all these people, and I'm just like... [chuckles] What are you nervous about? The judges, Simon. Yeah. Just a little bit. I'm really excited. Yeah, it's gonna be a lot of fun. I really hope all the judges really like me. I've never done this before. Okay, Ansley, what are you gonna sing? "Think" by Aretha Franklin. Ooh. You're gonna do Aretha Franklin? Uh-huh. At 12? Yeah. Okay. You sure? Uh-huh. Okay. All right. The stage is yours. [funky soul music] ♪ ♪ ♪ You better think ♪ ♪ Think about what you're trying to do to me ♪ ♪ Think ♪ ♪ Let your mind go, let yourself be free ♪ ♪ Let's go back, let's go back ♪ ♪ Let's go way on, way back when ♪ ♪ I didn't even know you ♪ ♪ You couldn't have been too much more than ten ♪ ♪ I ain't no psychiatrist ♪ ♪ I ain't no doctor with degrees ♪ ♪ But it don't take too much IQs ♪ ♪ To see what you're doing to me ♪ Okay. Ansley. Ansley, sorry, babe. I don't think this backing track was working for you. I mean, it was a horrible, horrible backing track. [audience groans] Uh, so I don't think we can judge you properly on this. I really don't. We really like you, but that was terrible. If you're gonna sing Aretha, you've got to have a great track. I'm just wondering whether we should just do a verse and a chorus maybe a capella? Um... Do you want some water? Uh, yeah. Hang on. Come here. Come here. [audience "aw" s] Ansley. I haven't had any of this. [applause] This will help. Oh, my God. It's my magic water. It's yours. [cheers and applause] Okay. Uh... Um, well, that just happened. [laughter] Okay, let's do it. Go on. You can do this, Ansley. Okay. You got this! [cheers and applause] You got this, girl. Whoo-hoo! [cheers and applause] You can do it! ♪ You better think ♪ ♪ Think about what you're trying to do to me ♪ ♪ Think ♪ ♪ Let your mind go, let yourself be free ♪ ♪ Let's go back, let's go back ♪ ♪ Let's go way on, way back when ♪ ♪ I didn't even know you ♪ ♪ You couldn't have been too much more than ten ♪ ♪ I ain't no psychiatrist ♪ ♪ I ain't no doctor with degrees ♪ ♪ But it don't take too much IQs ♪ ♪ To see what you're doing to me ♪ ♪ You better think ♪ ♪ Think about what you're trying to do to me, yeah ♪ ♪ Think ♪ ♪ Let your mind go, let yourself be free ♪ ♪ Oh, freedom, freedom ♪ ♪ Oh, freedom ♪ ♪ Yeah, freedom ♪ [wild cheering] There you go! You're a little fighter, aren't you, Ansley? Aretha Franklin a capella, three key changes, no track. Wow. Howie? You're an amazing person. As Simon just said, people don't realize how tough it is for an adult to get up on this stage in front of all these people and the millions of people watching at home. And then to take whatever change and whatever criticism is given your way and do it? That is amazing for somebody twice your age. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Gabrielle, what do you think? I think your level of professionalism at 12--I mean, I've worked with people three, four, five times your age who don't have the talent that you have in your little finger. You are really something special. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Julianne? You know what? The minute you actually sang that a capella, I felt like you owned that song completely. And I feel like when the track was going, you can hide behind that, a lot of people can hide behind that. And at 12 years old, that could be really scary not having that track to support you. You absolutely crushed it, and I'm so excited to see what you do. Thank you. [cheers and applause] You've just proved the point personality to me is as important as technical ability. You know, it's the person I always remember, and you, my God, 12 years old, as Howie said, coming on that stage, I know how scary it is. We're gonna remember you. You have a great voice. Thank you. Okay. Now the most important part. Howie? Yes. Gabrielle? Oh, yes. Two yeses. Julianne? It's a yes from me. I've got to try and do the accent. [Southern accent] Ansley. Ansley. Ansley. Ansley Burns, you got yourself four yeses. ♪ This is my fight song, "take back my life" song ♪ ♪ Prove I'm all right song ♪ Thank you. Yes! ♪ My power's turned on ♪ She's a sweetheart. ♪ I'll be strong ♪ Thank you. ♪ I'll play my fight song ♪ You're going into the second round, Ansley! Whoo! South Carolina. Ah! ♪ 'Cause I've still got a lot of fight left in me ♪ . Why are you taking my pen? What is this bracelet? I need it. It's really cool. There's one shop. I'll take you or-- I'll--I'll--I'll get you something. Wait, you were gonna take me, and now you're not gonna take me? That's weird. I don't go anywhere. [laughs] [cheers and applause] Welcome. What's your name? My name is Sos. How old are you? I'm 22 years old. And what are you gonna be doing for us today? It's kind of magic. What? It's either magic, or it's not magic. Now, what made you come to "America's Got Talent"? Actually, I have to say, my parents have been here. Oh. They've been here in season 11, and they've been performing as well. They've been doing magic, they're doing quick change, changing their clothes really fast, and I saw that. Oh, my God! I love your parents. Thank you. [wistful music] So my mom and dad, they're Sos and Victoria. They were at "AGT" on season 11. The act of my parents was quick change, so they were changing their clothes really, really fast, and they actually made it through to the live shows. [cheers and applause] Growing up, it was actually pretty hard to make friends because we were always on the road. I changed schools, like, 36 times, so my best friend was actually always magic. A lot of times people ask me, "As a magician, like, who is your idol? "Obviously it has to be, like, David Copperfield or some other big magician." But I think for me, my idol has always been my parents. It's time for me to step out of my parents' shadow. I really hope to go even farther than they did. I know that my whole life can depend on this moment, and I really hope that I will make Mom and Dad proud. [cheers and applause] Basically I saw them. It was like a big inspiration for me and I saw how it changed their lives and I really hope the same for me. Well, we can't wait. Give it a go. [hard rock music] ♪ ♪ Yeah, here we go for the hundredth time. ♪ Hand grenade pins in every line ♪ ♪ Throw 'em up and let something shine ♪ ♪ Going out of my [...] mind, filthy mouth, no excuse ♪ ♪ Find a new place to hang this noose ♪ ♪ String me up from atop these roofs ♪ ♪ Knot it tight so I won't get loose ♪ ♪ Truth is, you can stop and stare ♪ ♪ Bled myself out and no one cares ♪ ♪ Dug the trench out, laid down there ♪ ♪ With a shovel up out of reach somewhere ♪ ♪ Yeah, someone pour it in ♪ ♪ Make it a dirt dance floor again ♪ ♪ Say your prayers and stomp it out ♪ ♪ When they bring that chorus in, I bleed it out ♪ ♪ Digging deeper just to throw it away ♪ ♪ I bleed it out ♪ ♪ Digging deeper just throw it away ♪ ♪ I bleed it out ♪ ♪ Digging deeper just to throw it away ♪ ♪ Just to throw it away, just to throw it away ♪ ♪ I bleed it out ♪ ♪ Now go stop the show ♪ ♪ Choppy words and a sloppy flow ♪ ♪ Shotgun opera, lock and load ♪ ♪ Cock it back and then watch it go ♪ ♪ Mama, help me. I've been cursed ♪ ♪ Death is rolling in ever verse ♪ ♪ Candy paint on his brand-new hearse ♪ ♪ Can't contain him, he knows he works ♪ ♪ [...] this hurts, I won't lie ♪ ♪ Doesn't matter how hard I try ♪ ♪ Half the words don't mean a thing ♪ ♪ And I know that I won't be satisfied ♪ ♪ So why try ignoring him? ♪ ♪ Make it a dirt dance floor again ♪ ♪ Say your prayers and stomp it out ♪ ♪ When they bring that chorus in, I bleed it out ♪ ♪ Digging deeper just to throw it away ♪ Oh, little baby ones. Ah. ♪ I bleed it out ♪ ♪ Digging deeper just to throw it away ♪ ♪ I bleed it out ♪ Little baby ones! ♪ I've opened up these scars ♪ ♪ I'll make you face this, I've pulled myself so far ♪ ♪ I'll make you face this now ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ I bleed it out ♪ ♪ Digging deeper just to throw it away ♪ ♪ I bleed it out ♪ ♪ Digging deeper just to throw it away ♪ ♪ I bleed it out ♪ ♪ Digging deeper just to throw it away ♪ ♪ Just to throw it away, just to throw it away ♪ ♪ I bleed it out ♪ ♪ Digging deeper just to throw it away ♪ ♪ I bleed it out ♪ ♪ Digging deeper just to throw it away ♪ ♪ I bleed it out ♪ ♪ Digging deeper just to throw it away ♪ ♪ Just to throw it away, just to throw it away ♪ ♪ I bleed it out ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I bleed it out ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I bleed it out ♪ [cheers and applause] Wow, wow, wow, wow. It was like nothing we've seen yet this season. Phenomenal job. Oh, my God. Thank you very much. Thank you. Howie? We always look for something really unique. In this big room with the music and how cool you were, it really added-- and the cards just kept coming. You did a great job tonight. Julianne? Oh, my gosh. It was a full-blown spectacle show. [triumphant music] Honestly, one of my favorite parts, though, was when you were doing this, and they just got little baby cards. Fan-freaking-tastic. Thank you. Thank you. Simon? It was actually quite amazing, and I love the track. I love your presentation. Yeah. By the way, there is no such thing as "a kind of magic." It is magic. Thank you. Let's take it to a vote. Howie? Yes. That's two yeses. Julianne? Keeping it in the family. Yes. Simon? Well, yeah. Four yeses. Congratulations. Thank you! ♪ 'Cause I love the adrenaline in my veins ♪ ♪ I do whatever it takes ♪ What the-- And he's adorable! Sos. Sos. Sos, give me hugs, man. Oh, okay. You rocked it, dude. What I loved, I mean, I have never seen anybody play around with the cards' sizes before: big giant cards, little bitty cards. You worked your magic. That was absolutely incredible. Your parents will be proud. Great. Great show. This guy is exactly what you want when it's cards, you know? Talk to me, man. You seem very emotional right now. Oh. I just--this is-- I think this is the best day of my life. Coming up... [spirited guitar playing] Amazing. Oh! That's what I'm talking about. [buzzer] . [upbeat music] [sneezes] [many instruments playing] [dog barks] [child giggles] When I was a little kid, I was fascinated with sounds, and there was a sound check basically going on in my head all the time composed of abstract sounds. What are you gonna do on "AGT"? So actually, I'm a guitarist. What I do is quite weird and quite experimental. When I played with toys, I wanted to create sounds that was, like, futuristic and stuff that I didn't hear in the normal world. Eventually these sounds, they evolved into music. The big breakthrough for me came when I picked up the guitar. I used to be extremely shy, and I wouldn't even speak to many people at all. So have you ever broken a nail in a performance? I've broken all five nails in a matter of five minutes and bled on stage. When I realized that I could actually express myself through music, everything changed. I got out and got some friends. How are you feeling, Marcin? A bit nervous, to be honest. I used to perform in front of my wall, and now I'm here at "AGT" performing in front of millions and millions of people. It's what I want to do for the rest of my life. I feel like this is my chance to really start my American Dream. All right. Make it happen. It was a pleasure. Thank you. [applause] Hello there. Welcome, welcome. What's your name? My name is Marcin. How old are you? I'm 18. I just turned a couple of months ago. Wow. Where are you from? So I actually come from Poland, from a very small city. Oh, wow. But soon I'm gonna relocate here in the States 'cause I got accepted to college. Oh! Yeah. What are you gonna do for us today? So I'm a guitarist, as you can tell. I don't sing. Oh. And why "America's Got Talent"? First of all, it's like the best show on Earth, so that's the best reason. That's awesome. We don't want to hold you up. We're excited to see what you got. Thank you so much. [cheers and applause] [gentle guitar strumming] [guitar strings zip] [playing "Beethoven's 5th Symphony] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ [spirited guitar playing] ♪ ♪ Very cool. ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] [percussive guitar playing] ♪ ♪ Whoa. Wow. ♪ ♪ Whoo. ♪ ♪ [wild cheering] Whoo-hoo! Marcin, that was an absolutely out-of-this-world performance. Great job. Simon, let's start off with you. Amazing. Oh, thank you. Actually amazing. I know how difficult it is 'cause I tried to learn the guitar when I was about your age. I hated it so much. I threw a toffee at the guitar teacher and he punched me in the face, so... [laughter] 99% of the people who come on stage with a guitar can't play the guitar. But you've just demonstrated what that thing was actually invented for, so respect. That was amazing. Thank you so much. Wow, I--I don't know what to say. Thank you, guys. There's obviously a different kind of artistic passion that you have, and I can't wait to see what you do in the future. It was stunning, absolutely stunning. Yes, thank you so much. Howie? You didn't play the guitar. You murdered the guitar. [laughter] True. I think you're gonna end up in college teaching them something rather than they teach you. Well, I appreciate you saying that. I think you just taught the world something. Well, let's take it to a vote. I'd like to start it off with a hell yeah. [cheers and applause] Julianne? Hell yeah. Whoo. Thank you so much. Simon? Absolutely a million percent yes. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Howie? [tapping rhythmically] Oh. Yes. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you. [wild cheering] Well done. Marcin, come here. That was amazing. . Everybody sing with me now! all: ♪ Born and raised in South Detroit ♪ ♪ He took the midnight train goin' anywhere ♪ Ladies and gentlemen, it's karaoke time! Sorry, Simon. all: ♪ Don't stop believin' ♪ ♪ Hold on to that feelin' ♪ ♪ Streetlights, people ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Don't stop... ♪ Who's ready to audition? Whoo! I do karaoke on Thursday nights. That's my weekly thing. The most fun I ever have is karaoke nights. Karaoke makes me physically sick. ♪ ♪ Hello, sir. Hello. How you doing? What's your name? I'm Andy. What are you gonna do today? I'm gonna do some karaoke. Karaoke. So you know Simon is not the biggest fan of karaoke. I'm Andy Rowell, I'm 24 years old, and I'm a singer. I grew up in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. When I was growing up, I was really inspired by all sorts of music, but my first time ever singing was at a karaoke bar. Ever since then, I've been singing. It makes me feel alive. I still like to use a karaoke machine whenever I perform. Some people think, "Oh, you know, it's kind of amateurish," but it's just as professional as a normal singer. There's just lyrics on screen. I'm especially nervous to perform for Mr. Cowell. [buzzer] [echoing] It's very karaoke, therefore, I don't want to listen to this again. What are you gonna do to win Simon over? I'm hoping that my voice will at least somehow change his perspective. [cheers and applause] This could be my opportunity to change the face of karaoke singing. Welcome to "America's Got Talent." What's your name? My name is Andy. Now, what do you do for a living, Andy? I'm a box office attendant at a theater. Oh. So what are you gonna do for us tonight? I'm going to be doing some karaoke singing for you. Oh. Okay. Go for it, Andy. Thank you. Thank you. [clears throat] [loud click] What is going on? [The Champs' "Tequila" playing] [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Tequila. [laughter] Oh, my God! ♪ ♪ all: Oh! [laughing] Oh, my God. all: Tequila. [cheers and applause] He's watching it now. [laughs] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] Oh, my gosh. [laughs] all: Tequila. [laughter] [cheers and applause] He did it! He won him over! [Stealers Wheel's "Stuck in the Middle with You" playing] [wild cheering] Oh. [laughs] ♪ ♪ I'd like to hear the whole album actually. [laughs] It was so stupid. I loved it. Thank you. Julianne. I have props to you because I feel like it's actually hard to be doing that to get that kind of reaction, so I actually think it's brilliant. Well done. Gabrielle? It's so wrong, it's right. I want to see what the next song is. Howie? Song choice is always important, honestly, and not only the song choice, but your exuberance and your excitement. [cheers and applause] I love you. Okay. Howie, yes or no? Yes. I want to see more. Gabrielle? Yes. Julianne? Yes. I can't believe I'm saying this. Yes. ♪ Stuck in the middle with you ♪ ♪ Yes, I'm stuck in the middle with you ♪ Oh, Andy, this way, Andy. It's okay. You did it. Andy! ♪ ♪ ♪ Stuck in the middle with you ♪ That was brilliant. You're going to round two. Get your second song ready. Oh, God. I got to go, Terry. Okay. Don't throw up. Okay. I think he's throwing up. ♪ Yes, I'm stuck in the middle with you ♪ . [thunder crashing] [lightning zapping] [quirky music] ♪ ♪ He didn't set a record. There weren't more balls than we've seen anybody do. They weren't on fire. Here at "AGT," this is the biggest stage in the world, and there was nothing that was above and beyond or different or spectacular. ♪ ♪ [intense electronic music] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] I don't like going backwards. So when it's not as good as what we've had before, I can't get excited. It wasn't interesting. [intense electronic music] ♪ ♪ [buzzer] Way too generic. You've got to do something better than what people have done before. [cheers and applause] This has been a very strange day. Seriously odd. Oh. Welcome to "America's Got Talent." Who are you? Has the act started? [electricity zapping] [ambient electronic music] [upbeat electronic music] ♪ ♪ [electricity zapping] [rhythmic electronic music] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause] Oh! Oh! Whoo! Oh! [wild cheering] Amazing! Okay. So first of all-- [wild cheering] Okay. I think everybody really enjoyed that. [cheers and applause] Who are you? We're ADEM Show. What was your inspiration behind that? We're from Kyrgyzstan. Our inspiration was, when we were in our country, we saw JabbaWockeez on "America's Got Talent." Yeah. So they inspired us to become dancers. This was our dream to come to "America's Got Talent." What you guys have created on stage is freaking amazing. Thank you. The movements are so articulate, impactful, and tight. I loved it. Simon? Oh, wow. It was just amazing to see your reaction to their reaction. [cheers and applause] I always like to see something I've never seen before, and it's about imagination, and that's what you've got. And anyone good as you who decides to go on our show, I owe you a huge thank-you, so thank you. Thank you. Yes. Howie? I kept repeating two words throughout your entire performance. I kept saying "Wow," and then I would take the "w" off and go "ow," because some of those movements didn't even look human. That is talent. Thank you. Thank you very much. You were like machines. You came to slay, and we are deceased! So let's take it to a vote. Howie? Yes. I want to see more. Thank you. It's a yes from me. Yes. Thank you. Simon? It's four yeses. [cheers and applause] That was unreal. It was like "Street Fighter" meets "Mortal Kombat." Yeah, totally. It was so cool. [thunder crashing] Coming up... This is exactly what America loves. [cheers] [cheers and applause] I want to watch you over and over and over and over again. I wanna see everybody put your hands up! . Auditions for next season are happening now. or join us in person in San Diego, Louisville, New York, or a city near you. Those two words, "Got Talent," behind you mean nothing if we don't find people like you. This could be your moment. [uplifting music] Welcome to "America's Got Talent." In a country like this, almost anything is possible. You could come here and display your talent, and everybody would love it. It's a country of individuals. The land of opportunity. Where dreams come true, baby. [cheers and applause] Welcome. How are you? We are wonderful. Thank you. What's your names? My name is Master Sergeant Caleb Green, United States Army, retired. [cheers and applause] And I am Jason Hanna Sergeant First Class in the US Army. [cheers and applause] Sergeant Major Christal Rheams, US Army active. [cheers and applause] And I am Staff Sergeant, retired, Ron D. Henry, United States Army. [cheers and applause] Okay, great. So what's the name of the group? Voices of Service. We're using this platform to show what music can do as music therapy for service men and women who are coping with post-traumatic stress, and we just love what we do. Wow. How did you meet? [poignant music] We all have a common bond to serve our country. It's what gives us the power or the fire to do what it is we do. Being soldiers, we cope with a lot of things. In 2003, my unit, 101st Airborne Division, we were deployed to Iraq. We took fire, and a lot of things flashed before my eyes and my thoughts, wondering, "Were we gonna make it through this?" I have eight combat deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan. One that comes to mind is, we were on a ground convoy from one base to another, and we averted an improvised explosive device. But the tank behind us hit it, and it just tears you up inside because it could've been your son. It could've been your daughter. It could've been a friend. You know, and we still have to be resilient and do our job. ♪ ♪ Every day of your life that you spent there, you had to make it your best, because one day you could be having lunch with one of your battle buddies, and the next day, they could be gone. So, you know, those thoughts ring through all of our minds. We would sit around, you know, and just start singing, and that would help us get over what we went through that day, you know, just bring a sense of hope to what--the loss that we dealt with. The bond of music got us through it all. And being on that stage tonight, it's a dream come true. To have this opportunity, it reminds you what a great country we do live in, and it's for those people, for those men and women who have given the ultimate sacrifice, that I stand on the stage and sing tonight. ♪ ♪ So what would you like to achieve by doing well on the show? Tell me. We want to achieve in spreading a message of love and hope for everyone in America who is coping with any challenge in life to show what music can do. Good. I like that. [cheers and applause] Good luck. [cheers and applause] [somber piano music] ♪ ♪ ♪ I won't just survive ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Oh, you will see me thrive ♪ ♪ Can't write my story ♪ ♪ I'm beyond the archetype ♪ ♪ I won't just conform ♪ ♪ No matter how you shake my core ♪ ♪ 'Cause my roots, they run deep ♪ all: ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh, ye of so little faith ♪ ♪ Don't doubt it, don't doubt it ♪ Whoo! ♪ Victory is in my veins ♪ ♪ I know it, I know it ♪ ♪ And I will not negotiate ♪ ♪ I'll fight it, I'll fight it ♪ all: ♪ I will transform ♪ ♪ And when, when the fire's at my feet again ♪ ♪ And the vultures all start circling ♪ ♪ Whispering, "You're out of time" ♪ ♪ But still I rise ♪ ♪ This is no mistake, no accident ♪ ♪ When you think the final nail is in, think again ♪ ♪ Don't be surprised, I will still... ♪ ♪ Rise ♪ all: ♪ Rise ♪ ♪ Rise ♪ all: ♪ Rise ♪ ♪ Rise ♪ all: ♪ Rise ♪ ♪ You're out of time ♪ ♪ But still I... ♪ all: ♪ Rise ♪ [wild cheering] [tender piano music] ♪ ♪ Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. That's how you do it. Howie? First of all, I can't thank you enough for your service. I think because you do what you do allows us to do what we do, and the fact that music can be helpful and it is a tool it's beautiful and important and right and thank you so much for doing it. Thank you, sir. What you guys are doing, the song, your voices, your ability, I can't thank you enough for all of it. Thank you. [cheers and applause] The arts, music, dance, whatever it is, it's a universal language where we all feel connected, and what you're doing is phenomenal. I absolutely loved it. You know, I have to tell you, your story is amazing. Your message is amazing. But what I loved is, the vocal arrangement was stunning. It was a version I've never heard before. You've got great voices. You've got great talent. This is what we need right now. Thank you. Thank you. Great. Howie, yes or no? Yes. Gabrielle? Absolutely. You got three yeses. You haven't got 3 yeses. You've got 4,000 yeses. [cheers and applause] 4,001. Yes. ♪ This could be the end of everything ♪ Her lead was stunning. It was fantastic. I don't think they know how good they are. Tell me what you're feeling right now. I feel like there are so many people that get to hear this now, so many people that it'll help, and I'm--I'm happy about that. I could feel the healing. I mean, you know, you could feel it through the music. Yeah. I just want to thank you for all you do. ♪ Somewhere only we know ♪ . ["March" from "The Nutcracker" playing"] ♪ ♪ You really play the flute? I really play. Why? I'm gonna tell you. My-- You said why. Yes. Wh-- Yeah, I know. My great-great-grandmother, for Christmas, there was a flute underneath the tree, and my mother was like, "You gonna play this flute. She spent all this money on the thing," and then so took lessons for probably seven years. Seven years of flute lessons? Yeah. I mean, I was nine. So, like, you took lessons until you were 16? Yeah, actually I was in high school. There's a point where it stopped being about Grandma and you just wanted to play that damn flute. Yeah. And then I got into it. You love being a flautist. You're walking around, and he's like, "Yeah, he's a bad brother. ♪ Deedle-deedle-doo-doo-doo ♪" [laughter] [playing "Bohemian Rhapsody on flute] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] Yeah. When you're playing the flute, you need to be the front man to whatever your track is, and you weren't. You were just part of it. Julianne? I personally don't feel like you nailed that audition. Gabrielle? You are the baddest mofo flautist that we've ever seen, but I think on this night, it was not exactly your night. I just don't know why that instrument was invented. No, I'm not being rude. Wow. That's harsh. [audience booing] I just can't think of anyone who would buy a flute record. Ever. We used to have to play something called a recorder at school, which was torture, by the way. Okay. Well, look, I'm gonna say no, I'm afraid. Okay. Boo. That's hard. Thank you very much. And even the word "flautist" is annoying. Listen, I respect it. I was, like, back there going, "Ah," but, see, a lot of times they don't understand us. It's one of those things that when I hear it, it's just annoying. [cheers and applause] Oh! Oh, no. Flautists! Whoo! Yes. all chanting: Terry! Terry! Terry! The flute is an amazing instrument. [playing jazzy scales] ♪ ♪ [buzzer] No! [playing "Mary Had a Little Lamb"] ♪ ♪ Yes, Terry! [cheers and applause] Thank you. It's a great instrument! They're just the nastiest sounding things. [laughs] [playing scales] My name is Brandon Coprich, I'm 31 years old, and I play the flute. Growing up, my grandmother had all sorts of instruments in the house. While all the other kids were outside playing, I was inside playing any instrument I could get my hands on. Once I found the flute, music became my life. Now, do you perform all over, or-- So I'm a teacher now, so I don't get a chance to perform as much as I'd like to, but this is what this is all about. I miss performing, so tonight I'm gonna put the flute on the map on the biggest stage of them all. Welcome. What's your name? My name's Brandon Coprich. Do you know that Terry, too, is a flautist? I heard maybe something like that. You heard in the flautists streets that-- Well, see, there's not too many of us boys playing the flute, so we got to represent. I know that people like playing them. Does anyone like listening to them? [audience boos] Ooh. Simon's a tough sell. He's a tough sell with the flute. Hold on. Hold on. You know, the flute's a very beautiful and dynamic instrument. There's something for everybody in it. Okay. Well, it's all yours. All right. Thank you, guys. [cheers and applause] [angelic music] ♪ ♪ [playing "Morning Song"] ♪ ♪ [music winds down electronically] Huh? What? [Ginuwine's "Pony" playing] Oh! That's what I'm talkin' about. ♪ ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ If you're horny, let's do it ♪ ♪ Ride it, my pony ♪ ♪ My saddle's... ♪ [buzzer] Oh, come on. ♪ Jump on it ♪ ♪ ♪ [laughter] ♪ My saddle's... ♪ [buzzer] No! Take it back. No. Take it back. No. ♪ Let's do it ♪ Yes! [buzzer] [laughs] ♪ My saddle's waiting ♪ [buzzer] [cheers and applause] [audience boos] Come on, Simon. What's your problem? [audience boos] [both booing] [wild cheering] Okay. I have an idea. Since these guys liked it so much... Yes. We hated it. I'm gonna say no. You can do it again for them. Good-bye. [laughter] [cheers and applause] Hey, wait, Simon. [audience screaming] [Ginuwine's "Pony" playing] Simon! ♪ ♪ Flautists unite! ♪ ♪ [playing off-tune flute music] ♪ ♪ Okay, no. ♪ Wanna get off ♪ Yeah! ♪ If you're horny, let's do it ♪ ♪ Ride it, my pony ♪ Oh, my girls, yo! Give it up! Hey. Wait, wait, wait, wait. ♪ Come and jump on it ♪ [laughter] Brandon, Brandon, we showed the world. That's what it's about, man. We showed the world what the flute is all about. All about. Master flautist right here. Congratulations, baby. You did it. ♪ Waiting... ♪ . Hi. Welcome to "America's Got Talent." Thank you so much. My name is Sonya Fitzpatrick, and I communicate with animals. I talk to them, and they talk back to me. You're a pet psychic? Yes. Really? Yes. I believe it, for sure. Can I ask Julianne to please come up? [cheers and applause] Ladies and gentlemen, this is Harley and Lexi, Julianne's dogs. They said that you dance for them. I do dance for them. No. And they said you feed them by hand too. Unbelievable. You take them everywhere you can, and they like going in the car too. [laughter] Do they like bones? Harley. I think that's how we're all feeling right now. [buzzer] We're gonna vote. I think she knows. She's psychic. Thank you, dear. Good boy. My name is Jorge Dominguez. I'm 37 years old. She's my wife, Alcira, and she's 31 years old. Ten years ago we met, fell in love, and we started our own act, the Dominguez Poodle Review from Dallas, Texas. We started with four dogs, and now we have nine dogs. This is our daughter, Makayla, and this is our son, Logan. We live in an RV, and we do shows all over America. This is the best job ever. The dogs are not just pets. They are part of our family. If we win the million dollars, we can make our dream come true. Good luck to you guys. Go ahead. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Go right ahead. Ah! [cheers and applause] Aw. That a pink dog? It's a pink child in a dog suit. Are you sure? Oh, my gosh. Hello. Hello. What is your name? My name is Jorge Dominguez, my wife, Alcira, Logan, Makayla. We are Dominguez Poodle Review. [cheers and applause] And where are you from? Dallas, Texas. Some of those aren't poodles, right? Are they rescues or-- Ozzy, the terrier... The terrier? He is from the shelter in Dallas, Texas. all: Oh! Do they have, like, different personalities and-- Oh, yes. The brown one over there, Mickey, he is the alpha. Oh. [laughter] I love that. You live in a house with all these dogs? No, no, no. We have an RV, and we travel around all United States. So should you win the million dollars, I would imagine the first thing you'd want to do is to buy a home, right? Yes, of course, to give a home to my family. Oh, wow. Let's see what you do. And good luck. I wish you the best. [cheers and applause] ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ [gentle piano music] ♪ Don't stop me 'cause I'm having a good time ♪ ♪ Having a good time ♪ ♪ I'm a shooting star leaping through the sky like a tiger ♪ ♪ Defying the laws of gravity ♪ Oh! ♪ I'm a racing car passing by like Lady Godiva ♪ Yes! ♪ There's no stopping me ♪ ♪ I'm burning through the sky, yeah ♪ ♪ 200 degrees, that's why they call me Mr. Fahrenheit ♪ ♪ I'm traveling at the speed of light ♪ ♪ I wanna make a supersonic woman of you ♪ [audience cheering] ♪ Don't stop me, don't stop me, don't stop me ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ ♪ Don't stop me, don't stop me, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ Don't stop me, don't stop me ♪ ♪ Have a good time, good time ♪ ♪ Don't stop me, don't stop me ♪ [upbeat rock music] [cheers and applause] [laughter] ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ If you wanna have a good time, just give me a call ♪ ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm having a good time ♪ ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ Yes, I'm having a good time ♪ ♪ I don't wanna stop at all ♪ [applause] [cheers and applause] [Eric Carmen's "Hungry Eyes" playing] ♪ ♪ This was amazing. I've never seen anything like this. You know, we just want to be wowed, and you guys delivered. And the little one, oh, my--we all fell in love. Makayla! Makayla. Good job. Good job. Julianne? I mean, I was losing my mind. I was, like, wowed beyond belief. The one puppy in the back that did the handstand-- Yes, come and see me. Yes, come and see me. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. That was so fun. This is exactly what America loves, what we love. You have an amazing, adorable family, and then your little Makayla with the car poodling. [laughter] I loved that. A couple of them, they're like lions or something, the ones at the back. And the one at the front, the new one, doesn't really do anything. It's fine. He's just sort of happy to be there... him--to turn up. I think what you did was actually incredible, and you know what? Why I think actually it's important is that because getting people to understand that dogs are like humans is really important and they're very loyal and I could see they're having fun. [cheers and applause] It was quite incredible, but I think--what's his name? Ozzy. Ozzy. Ozzy is the star for me. [laughter] Look at him. Anyway, let's vote. Gabrielle? Absolutely yes. Whoo! Julianne? I want to see more. Yes. Simon? Ozzy does need a little bit more practice, but loved you. Yes. You got four yeses. ♪ Hungry eyes ♪ ♪ One look at you and I can't disguise ♪ ♪ I've got hungry eyes ♪ ♪ I feel the magic between you and I ♪ How do they get in? He's out. ♪ Hungry eyes ♪ Oh, my God, it was so awesome. Good-bye. [chuckles] Too cute. Coming up... This is not just keeping up with the times. This is ahead of the times. Yes. [rapping in French] Brilliant. I have to do this. . [all imitating chickens] [goofy music] Okay, chicks, get in formation. ♪ ♪ Hey, hit it. ["Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy" playing] [buzzer] ♪ ♪ all: ♪ Bok-bok-bok-bok bok-bok ♪ [buzzer] [buzzer] [buzzer] [all cluck sadly] We thought you loved animals, Simon. Well, I do, but not like that. You know, I raised three kids, and two of my daughters would have slumber parties. They'd say, "We have a show for you, Dad," and I'd sit on the couch, and it looked like this. They were, like, seven. Great. And I swear to you, I never said to them, "Oh, you should be on 'America's Got Talent.'" That's fair. We're gonna vote. Bok-bok. Bok-bok. No. [all humming] Ooh! ♪ Havana, ooh, na, na ♪ ♪ Half of my heart is in Havana, ooh, na, na ♪ ♪ He took me back to East Atlanta ♪ ♪ Ooh, na, na ♪ ♪ Oh, but my heart is in Havana ♪ ♪ My heart is in Havana ♪ It was almost like it was the radio version of a song. I just heard Camila Cabello's song. I wanted to feel a little bit more uniqueness from you, from your group, so it's a no for me. Simon? I didn't like it. I hated it. Oh. Gabrielle? It's a no for the group. Sorry. This has not been one of my favorite sessions, I mean, genuinely. There was nothing special that they brought to the table. You ready to show the judges what you have? Oh, yeah. All right. I mean, the great Simon Cowell's gonna be out there, and he's gonna let you know right away. Yeah. We know. All right, go ahead. [cheers and applause] Welcome to "America's Got Talent." What's your name? We are Berywam. Where are you from? I notice an accent. From France. Oh, wow. [cheers and applause] What is it that you do? We're a vocal performer. Vocal performers. Yeah. Are you related? No, we are old friends, but we're like brother now, so we are family. [applause] And what is your dream? What do you want to do? Our biggest dream is to win "America's Got Talent." So this is the dream? Yeah. Definitely. So good luck. Thank you. I'm excited. They're, like, mysterious-looking. I like it. [cheers and applause] [rhythmic humming] [rhythmic humming continues] [rhythmic humming] ♪ ♪ [bass-heavy droning] Go! [beatboxing] ♪ ♪ Now clap. Now clap. Now clap. Now clap. Now clap. Now clap. Now clap. Now clap. [imitating lasers] [all beatboxing] all: Let's go. [upbeat beatboxing] Wow! They really changed tempo. Wow. ♪ ♪ Ladies and gentlemen, I want to see everybody put your hands up! [rapping indistinctly] [beatboxing] ♪ ♪ Everybody say, "Hey." all: Hey! Everybody say, "Whoa." all: Whoa! [rapping in French] ♪ ♪ [all beatboxing] [wild cheering] Incredible! That was awesome. [gentle pop music] ♪ ♪ Wow. Well, Gabrielle? Unbelievable. I was in the club. I was at Coachella. We were in San Tropez. We were day trip--like, it was amazing. I had so much fun. You got the audience rockin'. Great job. Thank you very much. Thank you. This was very exciting. It was unexpected. We see four guys, no instruments, just your mouths and your sound and creativity. You know, you said, "I want to win this. I want to have a million dollars." You know what? I see all that possibly in your future. This was very exciting, and it was amazing. Julianne? You guys were so versatile. You actually changed tempo multiple times, and that is so hard to do that I want to watch you over and over and over and over and over and over again. Yes. Whoo! Thank you. And you know what? There's gonna be a lot of DJ producers watching this thinking, "These guys just put me out of business," 'cause you didn't need a track. This is not just keeping up with the times. This is ahead of the times. Yes. Yeah. Thank you. Let's vote. Let's vote. Go ahead, Gabrielle. Oh, it's a yes from me. Yes. That's two. That's three. And you know what? I'm giving you a yes. ♪ I can see clearly now, the rain is gone ♪ Thank you. ♪ I accept all the things that I cannot change ♪ Did you hear what Simon said? They're like a cool Pentatonix. Exactly. ♪ The dawn has come ♪ ♪ It's gonna be a bright ♪ We did it, man! ♪ Sun-shiny day ♪ . So where you coming from, man? North Dakota. Originally from Texas. Indiana. California. Chicago. Talent is in the house. This show can change you. You have a opportunity for your dreams to come true. If you believe in yourself, you can do anything. ♪ I start up, you start up ♪ all: Okay! ♪ I start up, you start up ♪ all: Okay! ♪ I can't hear you ♪ [indistinct shouting] There's that Detroit. Yeah. Detroit. You all know I'm from Flint? Oh. [all cheer] The Detroit Youth Choir is a community-based choir. We have a lot of inner-city kids. Some of them have bad home situations or they could be in the streets. There's violence. We give them something positive to come and be a part of. You all ready? Yes. You nervous? Yes, I'm nervous, but I'm ready for this. Mr. White knows things that Detroit children go through, so he's able to help us feel safe and fix those things through music or dance. All right, here we go. You can take that little bit of talent and pour some water on it and grow it. Be proud of what you represent, okay? For sure. All right, give me a hug. Aw. Let me tell you, Mr. White, people like you are the reason I am where I am right now, and let me tell you, all it takes is one person to believe that you can do it, and you have that, and that's more than so many people have on this Earth. Our mission is to show that young people from Detroit can be somebody. [cheers and applause] [uplifting orchestral music] ♪ ♪ They're still coming. Whoo! ♪ ♪ Now that is an entrance. Welcome. Thank you. And tell us who you are, please. We are the Detroit Youth Choir. [cheers and applause] Detroit. Okay, and you are obviously the choir director. Yes, I'm the choir director, Anthony White. Anthony White, nice to meet you. Tell me how this choir came up. What was the idea behind it, please? Well, I've been the director of this wonderful youth group for a little over 21 years. Oh, wow. And we're here to let the world know that we have some wonderful young people in the city of Detroit, and--yes. They all have great grades, and they're all talented. Wow. Is he strict? Yeah. But you're all friends. Yeah. Okay, so what would you love or dream of happening if you do well on this show? A million dollars, you know? That's-- [laughter] I like her. I actually love choirs, and we've never had a choir win the show. Well, this could be the first. Okay. Well, good luck. Let's do it. [cheers and applause] all: ♪ Can we go back? ♪ ♪ This is the moment ♪ ♪ Tonight is the night ♪ ♪ We'll fight till it's over ♪ ♪ So we put our hands up ♪ ♪ Like the ceiling can't hold us ♪ ♪ Like the ceiling ♪ ♪ Can't hold ♪ ♪ Us ♪ [upbeat music] DYC, get up on the dance floor. ♪ Looking for a better way to get up out of bed ♪ ♪ Instead of getting on the Internet ♪ ♪ And checking a new hit, we up ♪ all: ♪ Thrift shop, pimp-strut walking ♪ ♪ Little bit of humble, little bit of cautious ♪ ♪ Somewhere between like Rocky and Cosby ♪ ♪ Sweater game, nope, nope, y'all can't copy ♪ Oh! ♪ My posse's been on Broadway ♪ ♪ And we did it our way, grown music ♪ ♪ I shed my skin and put my bones ♪ ♪ Into everything I record ♪ ♪ And yet-yet-yet-yet I'm on ♪ Trust me, on my I-N-D-E-P-E- N-D-E-N-T, we hustlin' ♪ ♪ Chasing dreams since we was 14 ♪ ♪ With the four-track, bussin' ♪ ♪ Halfway cross that city with the backpack ♪ ♪ Fat cat crushing ♪ all: ♪ Can we go back? ♪ ♪ This is the moment ♪ ♪ Tonight is the night ♪ ♪ We'll fight 'til it's over ♪ ♪ So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us ♪ ♪ Like the ceiling can't hold us ♪ ♪ Can we go back? ♪ ♪ This is our moment ♪ ♪ Tonight is the night ♪ ♪ We'll fight 'til it's over ♪ ♪ So we put our hands up like the ceiling hold us ♪ ♪ Like the ceiling can't hold... ♪ ♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪ ♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ Can we go back? ♪ Whoo! all: ♪ Like the ceiling can't hold us ♪ ♪ Like the ceiling can't hold us ♪ all: ♪ Can't hold us ♪ Yeah! Whoa! [wild cheering] Wow. Whoo! Oh, my God. That was their moment. [gentle piano music] ♪ ♪ This was your moment. Thank you. [cheers and applause] The dancing and the singing and the rapping, it's so much more than you expect from any other choir. I love you. I love you all. Oh, you know, it starts with the people. Yes. And the people--you guys came together and created something that was traditional like a choir, and you took it and went so fresh, it was so fun. The choreography, I was up on my feet. [screams] I love it. [laughter] Gabrielle? First, let me ask the little one who's hiding in the back. Can she step forward? Ah, yeah! I didn't see her. ♪ ♪ How do you feel? Good. Good? You feel like you did a great job? Thank you. Yes, well, I--yes. Let me thank you, because what we all just witnessed here tonight was nothing short of absolute brilliance. [cheers and applause] Wow. You're cool. This was not expected. If you can keep doing this where every performance is the last thing you would expect a choir to do, you could win this. [cheers and applause] Guys, let's vote. Let's start with Howie, yes or no? Oh, you know what? I want to-- Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait. Wait. I'm-- I'm so sorry to interrupt you, Howie... [voice breaking] But I have to tell you... Aw. Every young man and woman on this stage represents me and where I came from. [cheers and applause] I remember sitting at my window in Flint, Michigan, dreaming and wanting to make it and wanting to be here. And they're here. And they did so well that I have to do this. [wild cheering] Let me tell you something. Mr. White, all it takes is one person to believe in a young man or woman for them to reach their dreams, and you are that man, sir! [wild cheering] [all screaming] ♪ When I can't feel a thing ♪ ♪ You say I am strong when I think I am weak ♪ ♪ You say I am held when I am falling short ♪ ♪ When I don't belong ♪ ♪ Oh, you say that I am yours ♪ ♪ And I believe, oh, I believe ♪ Oh, my God, they got the Golden Buzzer, y'all! ♪ What you say of me ♪ ♪ I believe. Oh, I believe ♪ Thank you so much. Congratulations, kids. You're incredible! You did it! You did it. You are going to the live shows in Hollywood! [all cheering] ♪ ♪ [sobbing] all: D-Y-C! D-Y-C! D-Y-C! D-Y-C! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 