America's Got Talent: Season 14, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America's Got Talent 
 s14e5 - Auditions 5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America's Got Talent (2006–…): Season 14, Episode 5 - Auditions 5 - full transcript 
 Auditions continue as variety acts of all types and contestants of all ages audition for the chance to win the $1 million prize; the Golden Buzzer is still in play for one more lucky act to go directly to the Live Shows in Los Angeles. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [The Trammps' "Disco Inferno"] ♪ ♪ Beat this, fellow judges. What an entrance. Ha ha! ♪ Burn baby burn ♪ all: Howie! Howie! Howie! ♪ Burn baby burn ♪ all: Howie! Howie! ♪ To my surprise ♪ [horn blares] ♪ One hundred stories high ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You okay? Yeah. ♪ People getting loose y'all ♪ What's that? It's a Slingshot. Nice. I guess. ♪ Burn baby burn ♪ ♪ Disco inferno ♪ Who is that? Are those Samba dancers? [cheers and applause] ♪ Up above my head ♪ ♪ I hear music in the air ♪ ♪ Music ♪ I thought you said they were, like, down-to-earth. ♪ Makes me know there's a party ♪ You know what I think? What? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We've been outdone. The champs are here. We have arrived! Oh, wait, oh, wait. Who is that? Who is this? Are you kidding me? [rousing marching music] ♪ ♪ Oh, my God. ♪ I heard somebody say burn baby burn ♪ You absolutely crushed it. You're just a star. Way to go. You are absolutely fantastic. ♪ Burn baby burn ♪ Hit the Golden Buzzer! ♪ Burn baby burn ♪ ♪ Disco inferno ♪ ♪ Burn baby burn ♪ ♪ Burn that mother down y'all ♪ ♪ Burn baby burn ♪ ♪ Disco inferno ♪ ♪ Burn baby burn ♪ ♪ Burn that mother down ♪ ♪ Satisfaction ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ Oh, it feels so good! Very subtle, Terry. But I had to do it big, man. I mean, come on, man, this is "America's Got Talent!" Get you up on your feet and let's go! [cheers and applause] Love you! ♪ Burn baby burn ♪ ♪ Disco inferno ♪ Oh, my God. The ladies love me. You know what, Howie? You're very handsome. Go out there and kill 'em. Thank you. There's more to this than just the gorgeousness. There's something inside too. [chuckles] ♪ Burn baby burn ♪ ♪ Disco inferno ♪ [cheers and applause] Hi. Welcome. Who are you, please? My name is Nick Williams. And I'm Lindsey Williams. And are you married or brother and sister? We are married. [laughter] Yeah. Six years now, yeah. Okay. Yes. Yay. Yeah, yeah. And where did you meet? A mutual friend of ours told me, "I met your soul mate." I said, "You gotta be kidding me." I said, you know, "You're joking. You're pulling my chain." He actually didn't even want to get married to being with, and we went on a date and here we are. That was it. Yeah. [laughter and applause] I'm Lindsey. I'm a violinist. I'm Nick, and I'm an opera singer, and we're from New York. Growing up, my mother had a Three Tenors album. At first I was like, "Ah, why are you listening to all of this opera?" And then I started singing along to it, and I fell in love with it. I said to myself, that's what I want to do for the rest of my life. But in Staten Island, New York, it's very hard to get a job in the opera, so I had to pick up jobs singing in restaurants and weddings and whatever else I could. [gentle music] I started taking up the violin around second grade. I loved classical music, but I always felt like I didn't quite fit in that world. But then when I met Nick, I felt like I'd known him forever. Together we were like, "Oh, my gosh, we speak the same language musically. This is incredible." We got married and started to collaborate. This is the first time we're really putting ourselves out there, and we're definitely trying to make a career out of this. Winning "America's Got Talent" would definitely change our lives, and we cannot wait to show the world what we do. Cannot wait. [cheers and applause] And why "AGT" this year? Because it's the greatest show in the world. [cheers and applause] Okay, two minutes to change your life forever. Thank you. Yes. Good luck. Okay, let's do this. [cheers and applause] [laughs] [singing in Italian] ♪ ♪ [buzzer] ♪ ♪ Oh. Oh, gosh. Oh, no. Are you serious? What in the world? [knives clanging] ♪ ♪ Oh, my God. Oh, my gosh! ♪ ♪ [screams] [cheers and applause] [singing in Italian] ♪ ♪ Oh! ♪ ♪ Nobody try this at home. Not at all. ♪ ♪ Uh-oh. [singing in Italian] ♪ ♪ Ohh! ♪ ♪ No. And a blindfold! No! ♪ ♪ She's gonna light it on fire. Oh, my God! [audience screams] [wild cheering] [Pat Benatar's "Hit Me With Your Best Shot"] ♪ ♪ [laughs] ♪ Well you're a real tough cookie with a long history ♪ ♪ Of breaking little hearts like the one in me ♪ Oh, my God. My God, I wasn't expecting that. Okay, Howie. Ahh. We've seen knife throwers, but not really with their feet. I am a self-taught knife thrower. Wow. [cheers and applause] Well, it's interesting, it's dangerous, it's funny. You deserve to go further than just tonight. Thank you so much. At what point in the relationship did you say, "I've got an idea, honey"? [laughs] And for every wife who's wanted to throw sharp things at her husband, I say thank you. I love you. [cheers and applause] When you turned around and you had the knives in your hand, there was, like, something kind of crazy in your eyes that I was like, "I get it. This is why he fell in love with you." [laughter] Thank you. Thank you. I was thinking, you know what, this is a great show. When you get bad singers, rather than buzzing them, we throw knives at them. Are you saying I'm--are you saying I'm a bad singer? I mean, I've been studying opera since I'm a child. What didn't you like about my voice? Your voice. [audience boos] Really? Okay. No. Well, look, there are four of us. We'll take a vote. Howie? I'm gonna give you a yes. I want to see you again. Thank you. Hell yeah. Thank you. Because of the singing, I'm gonna say no. Aww. [audience boos] You need three yeses. You've already got two. So it's up to one lady. This is tough. You know what, I will say that I actually really love your voice and I don't actually think you should ever take what you love and compromise it because somebody doesn't like it. [cheers and applause] I think you should own it, and therefore, it's a yes. ♪ Hit me with your best shot ♪ ♪ Why don't you hit me with your best shot ♪ ♪ Hit me with your best shot ♪ Oh, my God. ♪ Fire away ♪ Oh, my God. Can I ask one question? Will you throw a knife at me with your feet? Yes, actually. Yeah! Let's do it. [wild cheering] Whoo! This is ridiculous. Oh, my gosh. I really like you, yeah. Thank you. This could go horrible wrong. Now, and this will turn into a yes if you don't kill me, okay? I'm not gonna kill you. Okay. That's my boss! Take care of him! I love that she also is self-taught. [laughs] Here we go! [cheers and applause] Oh, my God! [tense music] ♪ ♪ Ah! One.. two... three! ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] Oh, my God. Don't look. ♪ Hit me with your best shot ♪ ♪ Why don't you hit me ♪ Sorry. Thank you. That was life-changing. ♪ Hit me with your best shot ♪ Thank you so much. That's crazy. ♪ Fire away ♪ It's four yeses. I'm just happy he's okay. I love you. You're out of your mind, Simon. You're the only one with a red buzzer. And then you said, "Throw a knife at me." Oh, yeah. [laughter] What's your name, please? Death. [cheering and gasps] You came to slay, and I am deceased. He went over Simon's head. You are getting on my nerves right now. Oh, my God. I'm too scared. That was a spectacular performance. You made a believer out of all of us. You are fantastic. Really fantastic. Hit the Golden Buzzer! [cheers and applause] . What's your favorite food? Oatmeal. Oatmeal? ♪ Food, glorious food ♪ Dinner tonight. That's all I'm thinking about. Egg with asparagus, Scottish smoked salmon with lobster. Did Simon arrange this? Yes. Can I ask you something? Yes, of course, sir. What's a petit four? It's a very small cake. No, you're supposed to say, "It's for eating." Ohh. I'm sorry, sir. I miss the American humor. [laughs] My favorite food, mac and cheese. Chicken finger. Chicken wing. [clucking] Chicken wing. I already said that. And action! Give me a five. I'm Izzy, and I'm 11. I'm Easton and I'm 14. And we're best friends who dance together. Ohh, they do it really well. I love dancing with Easton, 'cause he's so amazing and nice and sweet. He's like my older brother. Izzy is very bubbly and fun. We're also such a good pair because we don't only love dance. We love food, too. Mm, yes. Whoo! We both have so much fun, but we've been practicing so hard. The song we're performing to tonight is about Easton being a soldier and being called off to war. I'm his little sister and I don't want him to leave. I'm so nervous. There are a lot of nerves tonight, because there are a lot of very talented acts here. I thought it was a nice performance. I wasn't blown away though, if I'm being completely honest. I really don't think this is a million-dollar act, so it's a no from me. I'm sorry. If we got a no from the judges, that would be so bad. Tonight, this is gonna be one of the biggest performances we've ever done, but I think we're ready for it. We're just gonna do what we know how to do best, which is dance. ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] Hi. What are your names? I'm Izzy. I'm Easton. And where do you live? We-- In Las Vegas. And what are you guys gonna do here for us? We're gonna dance. Are you guys related, brother/sister? No. Oh, so how long have you guys been dancing together? For about, like, five years. Yeah. So what type of dance do you do? Contemporary. I love that they keep looking at each other. It's so cute. Good luck. Let's see what you got. Does anybody like contemporary dance? Yes. Just out of interest. Like who? Me. Anyone else? Everyone. Who? In the world. [cheers and applause] ♪ Soldier keep on marching on ♪ ♪ Head down till the work is done ♪ ♪ Soldier keep on marching on ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Head down till the work is done ♪ ♪ Waiting on that morning sun ♪ ♪ Soldier keep on marching on ♪ ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ♪ Soldier keep on marching ♪ ♪ Soldier keep on marching on ♪ ♪ Keep on, keep on ♪ ♪ Keep on marching on ♪ ♪ Keep on, keep on marching ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Soldier keep on marching on ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ Head down till your work is done ♪ ♪ Waiting on that morning sun ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Soldier keep on marching on ♪ ♪ Soldier keep on marching on ♪ [wild cheering] Wow. [Ingrid Michaelson' "Light Me Up"] ♪ ♪ Wow. Wow. Unbelievable, powerful, masterful performance. It was beautiful. You guys are incredibly talented. Way to go. [cheers and applause] You know, I really am not a fan of this kind of dancing, but I am a fan of yours, because you showed this intensity, and the choreography was great. I have to say it was phenomenal and I loved it. I always say if you're the best in your class, go to another class. You came to the biggest class there was, and you absolutely crushed it. The athleticism, the dedication, the emotion. Thank you. That was a spectacular performance. We have a lot to learn from you two. Thank you. Simon? Look, if you're the best in class, I always say you go to another class. Do not steal my content. [laughter] You know what I liked about you? 'Cause I was telling Julianne how much I like contemporary dance, is that normally people your age come on and it's like, okay, here we go, and I'm bored out of my mind. You two, I've gotta be honest with you, are fantastic. Thank you. I mean, really fantastic. This is a great audition. Good for you. All right, let's take it to a vote. Howie. I'll start with yes. Thank you. Thank you. Well, you know I'm giving you your second yes. Thank you. Julianne? 100% yes. Whoo! Thank you. Simon? You've got four yeses. Congratulations. ♪ Light me up again ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Light me up again ♪ Wow. Oh, hugs! Hugs for the family. That was so good. You have to be proud. They are very sweet, aren't they? So cute. Congrats, guys. both: Thank you. All right. ♪ ♪ . [dramatic music] The lights go on, the cameras are there, the audience roars... [cheers and applause] And then tomorrow people know their name. It is all about using those two minutes literally to change your life. Everybody wants this, so we get one shot, and we're gonna do it. all: Golden Buzzer! So what makes you want to come on "America's Got Talent?" It's the dream of our life. This is hopefully my big opportunity. To potentially have my big break. See, I'm getting emotional talking about it. I started singing when I was 19 just because I thought, why not? You know, just give it a shot, see what happens. I'm Lamont Landers, I'm 27 years old, and I am a musician. Growing up in Alabama, just had a normal family. My mom was a stay-at-home mom. My dad worked for General Motors, and just always grew up around music. My dad had got me a guitar when I was in second grade for Christmas, but my dad got it really for hisself. He got it for him, and I couldn't play it. When you're a kid, that sucks. When I was 14, my parents split up, and as a kid, divorce, it's tough. I hated everything, all of it. It's frightening. It's scary to be alone, and there's only so much you can do, and I put up a wall there, so you build up these calluses. It just makes you stronger and tougher. When they got divorced, he left the guitar, and so I picked it up, I started learning songs, and having the guitar as an outlet was the perfect thing for me. So for the last three years, I've been gigging nonstop. I get to go out and do what I love on a day-to-day basis. You know, like, I'm living my dream, but I deserve a bigger and better audience and bigger and better stages for me to play on. Show 'em what you got. And I'm happy to bring whatever I can to this show and just roll the dice and see what happens. Hello. What's your name? I'm Lamont Landers. I'm 27 years old from Huntsville, Alabama. That voice. [cheers and applause] Hey, Huntsville represent! Yes. Okay, Lamont-- I love your name, by the way. Thank you, sir. And what do you do? I sing. Full-time? Yeah, I'm a full-time musician. This is how you make your money? That's right. Okay, so why do you think this show could change what you're doing at the moment to go up? It's one of the biggest platforms in the world. Look at this crowd. It's amazing. [cheers and applause] Okay, Lamont, I don't want to know what the song is. I want it to be a surprise. Good luck. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ♪ I ♪ ♪ I'm so in love with you ♪ ♪ Whatever you want to do yeah ♪ ♪ Is all right with me ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 'Cause you make me feel ♪ ♪ So brand-new ♪ ♪ ♪ Lamont, um, I'm guessing you play with a band? Yes, sir. Well, that's a very safe, what I would call, wedding song. What's your other song? Uh, "What's Going On," Marvin Gaye. [scattered cheers] Is it still safe though? It's the same genre. I'm just wondering whether we should just come up with a better song, because your problem is that you don't take risks. Fair enough. Thank you, sir. Lamont, I wouldn't shrug to that. I wouldn't. So you want to come back this afternoon with another song? It's up to you. It's not me, it's you. I'm down to do it right now if we can. You think "What's Going On" is what we want? I think it's great. I'm not sure if it's what you guys want, but I think it's beautiful. I think you should come back later, 'cause right now we're not understanding each other. What--what do you guys want? [scattered cheers] He went over Simon's head! Lamont, you are getting on my nerves right now because I actually like your voice. So I would suggest you think about what I'm saying, and I'm gonna give you another shot. Don't be cocky. Okay? Up to you. I don't know. I'll wait. I'll wait. Good choice. [cheers and applause] Whoa. He just has to pick another song. Yeah. He was really getting on my nerves. So are you going to take the advice and come back or do you feel like you want to just stop it here? Uh... I'm gonna think on it. Can I have that-- Yeah, no, no, that's your right, brother. That same song that he was gonna sing was exactly like the other one. It's the same. So to take a risk, like you said, he needs to go find something else. . Your problem is that you don't take risks. That's a very safe, what I would call, wedding song. So you wanna come back this afternoon? It's up to you. What do you guy want? Lamont, you are getting on my nerves right now. I think you should come back later, 'cause right now we're not understanding each other. [crowd boos] I just want to find something that's gonna define you more as an artist and not-- you know what I mean? [cheers and applause] It was strong and powerful but graceful and elegant. I do think that you're really good, but it doesn't have the grandeur that this show deserves. [singing indistinctly] See, I can't even do it, bro. I don't even know what key I'm in there. I don't know, man. I don't know. I don't want to be, like, a sour--sour-- [overlapping chatter] ...if I took the time-- [cheers and applause] I really liked your voice when you first started singing, and I'm gonna be honest with you, you lost me after about 30 seconds. Let's try it. Let's just try it. I'm gonna give-- give it a shot. Wanted to get 90 seconds tight and be ready to go back on. ♪ ♪ There is that thing called an "it" factor that separates talented people from the people you need to know what they're doing at all times. ♪ ♪ All right, you're up next, and I'm glad you got a new song. Yeah. You're gonna do great. The last song was awful. It was terrible. Your last song was great. Okay, wait right here, we'll get you. Oh, Lamont's back. I thought Lamont was gonna come back on a different day. [cheers and applause] Hello, my friend. Simon, good to see you. Judges, thank y'all for having me back. I really appreciate it. Thank you for coming back. Even though we didn't get on great the first time we met, I actually like you and I love your voice. Thank you. We all do. Thank you, thank you. We're rooting for you. I learned this song, like, in the last 30 minutes. So forgive me if there's mistakes. I'm gonna give it a good go though. Just a fair warning. No disappointments. Come on. ["Dancing on My Own" begins] [audience clapping along] ♪ ♪ ♪ Somebody said you got a new friend ♪ ♪ Can she love you better than I can ♪ Hang on, hang on, Lamont, Lamont, Lamont, Lamont, Lamont, Lamont, Lamont. One minute, one minute, one minute, one minute. All right, shake yourself out a bit. You're too tense. Please. Of course. Everybody, please do not clap. Don't clap along. Okay, okay, well, they might at the end, we'll see. Yeah. Can I give you one suggestion, please? Yes, of course. Slow it down. Of course. Make this feel like you've just written this song. [cheers and applause] Down. ["Dancing on My Own" begins] Oh, yeah, that's better. ♪ ♪ Hold on, this is another thing. I've gotta tune my guitar, I'm so sorry. You are torturing us here. It's gotta be perfect, you know? I know, I know. [song resumes] ♪ ♪ ♪ Somebody said you got a new friend ♪ ♪ Can she love you better than I can ♪ ♪ And I know it's stupid ♪ ♪ I just gotta see it for myself ♪ ♪ And I'm in the corner ♪ ♪ Watching you kiss her ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ [cheers and applause] Whoo! ♪ I'm right over here ♪ ♪ Why can't you see me ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ I'm giving it my all ♪ ♪ And I'm not the guy you're taking home ♪ Oh, oh. ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ And I keep dancing on my own ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And I'm in the corner watching you kiss her ♪ ♪ Oh yeah ♪ ♪ I'm giving it my all ♪ ♪ I'm not the guy you're taking home well ♪ ♪ But I keep dancing on my own ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And I keep dancing on my own ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ And I keep dancing ♪ ♪ On my own ♪ [wild cheering] [Shawn Mendes's "In My Blood"] ♪ ♪ Ohh! He took the note. Thank you. He came back, and he rocked. ♪ Sometimes I feel like giving up ♪ ♪ But I just can't ♪ ♪ It isn't in my blood ♪ Whoa. ♪ ♪ All right, so you're like an egg right now, and we're cracking it open slowly but surely. I almost want you to just close your eyes for a second. How do you feel? Uh, I'm humbled, and I'm honored that, you know, you guys took the time to give me another chance, and I thrive under pressure and I love trying to adapt and overcome, and thank you for the chance. So right there, that's where I felt your authenticity, and that goes a long way. Well done. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Howie. I think that you're really good, and you've got a really good voice. Taking all the direction from Simon and listening to everybody, you stepped it up ten levels as far as I'm concerned. [cheers and applause] Gabrielle? Okay, we literally threw everything at this young man plus the kitchen sink. He went backstage, learned a song he's never heard before, played before, nothing, and the guitar and sang it, and came out here and just blew us all away. [cheers and applause] Perspective. We don't each other well, Lamont, but I respect you for doing what you did. I think there is a wall in front of you, which is the fear of failure, and I think you've got to let yourself go a little bit, and there's nothing wrong about looking emotional or happy or sad. Yes, yes. And, you know, the cracking of the egg is a good analogy. You know, it's like I know what it's like when it's frustrating and you get criticized, and you think you're right, but something's getting in the way, and you get frustrated, and then sometimes someone gives you a little bit of advice and it opens the door. I think the door has just opened for you here. Yeah. I do. Those frustrations are when breakthroughs happen. Yeah. Thank you. And to the audience, I apologize. You have every right to clap. [laughter] I just, uh-- [cheers and applause] It was my own thing here. [laughs] I like you. Okay, we're gonna vote. Howie, yes or no? Based on what you did at the beginning and then how you improved, I'm giving you a yes. Gabrielle. I mean, you made a believer out of all of us, yes. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Julianne. I see it. I feel it in you. I want more. Yes. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Lamont, you know what, we all have our ups and downs. At least you had the guts and the respect for doing what you've just done, and I'm really happy that worked out for you. And you know what, let's make the next one even better. So it's four yeses. Thank you, thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. [cheers and applause] Thank you so much. ♪ It isn't in my blood ♪ ♪ ♪ There's something about him. It's he's complex. That's why he's interesting. I can't wait to see more. I can't wait to hear more. Bro, you a star. Thanks. [laughs] You're just a star. It was so good. I was completely mesmerized. My heart. You are absolutely fantastic. [cheers and applause] . ["Oh Happy Day" plays] ♪ Oh happy day ♪ I feel like today is gonna be the chance of a lifetime, and it makes me feel alive. ♪ When Jesus washed ♪ When I step out on this stage, this is my chance and my opportunity to really make my dreams come to life. [echoing] to life... to life... to life... [rumbling, birds caw] [Carl Orff's "O Fortuna"] ♪ ♪ My name is Death. I am 2.4 billion years old, and I live with my dog, Gordon, in California. [Georges Bizet's "Carmen Suite No. 2 Habanera"] My dad is God. He's kind of a big shot. My mom is Mother Nature. She's very nurturing. Mom and Dad got a divorce when I was 14 million years old, which is a tough age. Reaping is definitely not the easiest job, but there are some perks. You know, I do get to make my own schedule, and I've gotten to meet every creative person that I've ever admired ever. The bad part is that they're usually not very happy to see me. I've heard from all these people about how great life is, and, you know, I just want a piece of that, so once I took human form, there were three things I had to do. I wanted to take an improv class, get into standup comedy, and get a dog. I haven't been doing standup for that long. The worst show ever, I was at a bar, somebody heckled me. Reaping audience members mid-show tends to kill the vibe. I'm like a really nice guy when you get to know me. "America's Got Talent" is a way to show America that there's more to me than just reaping everything that you love. ♪ ♪ Oh, whoa! Here we go, folks. Take your seats. It is so cold in here now. Uh, show 'em what you got. [indistinct] Okay, okay. Oh, did that mean something? I didn't mean nothing. No, I'm off the clock. Okay, good, good. Go on out here. ♪ ♪ Oh, God! [scattered cheers] Oh. ♪ ♪ Death. A little scary. ♪ ♪ Okay. All right, uh... [chuckles] Let's start with welcome, and would you like to tell me who you are, please? Death. [scattered cheers and laughter] Uh-oh, uh-oh. Why are you here, Death? I'm going to be performing standup comedy. [laughter] Okay, and can I ask you where you're from, Death? I am from... the swirl of oblivion that will one day swallow us all. Currently, I rent a one-bedroom in Burbank. [laughter] Okay, well, I think I know where this is going, so good luck. Thank you. They say... the only guarantees in life are death and taxes. But if you walk around all summer in a thick, black cloak, thigh chafing is also gonna happen. [buzzer] [cheers and applause] [Scott Joplin's "The Entertainer"] Ohh. Anyone who says you can't cheat death hasn't met my ex-girlfriend. [booing] [buzzer] So bad. ♪ ♪ It's so bad, it's good. [audience shouting] ♪ ♪ I've been dating recently. It's tough. I get ghosted a lot. What? [buzzer] ♪ ♪ I'm going to tell a relatable dating anecdote now. ♪ ♪ Have you ever been on a date and it's going well, and you go back to her place and then you remember you have to kill her cat? [buzzer] [cheers and applause] He died onstage. Oh, you know what, Death, you're probably gonna like this, but we hate you. ♪ That's life ♪ What do you think, Julianne? What was that? I'm looking for longevity, not really death. ♪ ♪ Howie. It was horribly funny because sometimes you'll hold for laughter or hold for applause. You hold for Xes. And I'll tell you, tomorrow morning when you're on the bus, you are gonna be recognized. [laughter] Anything you want to add, Gabrielle? As a makeup tutorial, I'm here for the smoky eye and the chiseled contour. Thank you. But, um, I do agree with the criticism. Not for me. Okay, we're gonna vote. Howie? No. Gabrielle? Um, that's gonna be a no for me. Julianne? I didn't get it. So I'm gonna say no. It's four nos. Thank you. ♪ That's life, that's life ♪ ♪ That's life and I can't deny it ♪ Watching him was funnier than him. Yeah, but sometimes when it's going bad, it's almost funnier. I'll be seeing Simon Cowell later tonight. But you like me, right? You're cool. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Love the suit. Oh, thank you so much. I don't think I could have taken that much longer. Oh, lord, oh, lord. ♪ In a big ball and die ♪ [maniacal laughter] [thunder rumbles] [birds caw] You still have time to submit your design for the Dunkin' judges' cups. to create and submit your very own design. If you win, you'll get Dunkin' coffee for an entire year, and your cup will be featured on the judges' desk. We'll even fly you out to Hollywood to come see it live on "AGT." Good luck. . The show's called "America's Got Talent," but actually we've been very fortunate that people from all over the world trust this stage, and they have the opportunity to change their life. I still don't believe that we are finally in America. We traveled so far to get here. It has been a long journey. This is our chance to live the American dream. And today, today your lives can change. Who's next? I'm gonna guess a choir. Yeah. Love choirs. I know, me too. [cheers and applause] Hi, guys. ♪ ♪ What is the name of this group? Our name is the Ndlovu Youth Choir, and we are all the way from Limpopo in South Africa. Oh, you're from South Africa? Wow! My name's Ralf Schmit. I'm the conductor. You're the conductor. How long have you been doing it? We've been together for ten years. Wow. Hi, hi. Hi. What's your name? My name is [indistinct]. Is this your first time in America? Yes, this is my first time in America. Hello, America! [cheers and applause] And what does this mean to you? This is a dream come true. It's like I'm dreaming right now. Like, wow. [cheers and applause] [gentle music] We are from a small community in Limpopo, South Africa, and there's a lot of difficulties there. Growing up, it has been really hard for us. The place, it has a lot of poverty. Many places have no electricity, and most of the homes do not have running water. It's very difficult. The challenges these kids face, it's devastating. Many of our kids' parents have passed away, and they've got to look after their little siblings on their own. So to try and help those orphans and vulnerable children, we started the choir. My father passed away two years ago. Everything changed. [sniffles] It was very difficult, and I had to take care of all of us and... When they join us, many of our kids have the weight of the world on their shoulders, and to them, their problems feel insurmountable. For us, it's not easy to dream, so I didn't like to smile, but after joining the choir, I found my voice and it brought back the smile on my face. ♪ ♪ Being in the choir, it just gave me a sense of belonging and confidence to not be afraid, that it's okay to dream, so you just know the sky is the limit. Exactly, that's why now we want to show the whole world that anything is possible. They come from one of the poorest communities in the world, yet these kids manage to lift themselves up. To see them standing on the stage of "America's Got Talent" tonight, I just-- Sorry. [chuckles] That was-- You can't help but just burst with pride. [cheers and applause] Can you tell me the song? Is it original? What's it about? So the song that we're gonna sing for you today is called "My African Dream." Couldn't be more perfect for today, because it expresses hopes and dreams, and our dream is to let children around the world know that just because you're born in poverty, it doesn't mean that you are poverty. [cheers and applause] That's beautiful. All right, well, that's pretty exciting. You've come all the way from South Africa, and you are now on the biggest talent stage in the world, so I can't wait to hear what it is you do. Good. Thank you. [cheers and applause] ["My African Dream" begins] [vocalizing indistinctly] ♪ In my Africa ♪ ♪ Sometimes alone in the evening ♪ ♪ I look outside my window ♪ ♪ At the shadow in the night ♪ [all chanting] ♪ I hear the sound of distant crying ♪ ♪ The darkness multiplying ♪ ♪ The weary hearts denied ♪ ♪ All I hear are the voices ♪ ♪ Telling me to go ♪ ♪ But I could never run ♪ [all chanting in native language] ♪ In my African dream ♪ [all singing in native language] ♪ There's a new tomorrow ♪ [all singing in native language] ♪ My African dreams ♪ [all singing in native language] ♪ Is the dream that we can follow ♪ [vocalizing] [all singing in native language] ♪ ♪ ♪ This is ♪ ♪ My African ♪ ♪ Yeah-yeah-yeah ♪ ♪ Dream ♪ ♪ Oh yeah, yeah ♪ [singing crescendos] [wild cheering] ["True Colors" plays] Whoo! Wow. Gabrielle? From the second you walked out, I think this whole place was rooting for you, and you did not disappoint. [cheers and applause] You showcased the beauty that you represent, and you are giving so much hope. I can't thank you enough. Thank you. Julianne. Oh! To feel your authenticity and joy just coming through, I felt like you transported us to where you're from, and it was so beautiful, so magical. Well done. Thank you. [cheers and applause] There's nothing more exciting than when people come from far away to this stage, and you bring your culture, and you bring your life and share your talent. And everything you did, from how you're dressed-- I mean, I love the color, and I love the sound. I really do. Thank you. Simon? You know, we've always been waiting for a choir like this, something we've never heard before, and your energy was just literally bouncing off me right there. [cheers and applause] It was a great audition, and you I'm going to remember. Well done. Thank you. Let's vote. Gabrielle. It's a thousand times yes for me. Julianne? Yes! Whoo! Simon? I'm gonna say yes. It's four yeses. ♪ True colors shining through ♪ ♪ See 'em shining through ♪ ♪ Your true colors ♪ [all chanting, cheering] ♪ Don't be afraid ♪ ♪ To let them show ♪ ♪ Your true colors ♪ This goes out to all the kids in South Africa and Africa, everyone that has the dream-- We are shooting for the stars. Yes, yes! [all cheering] ♪ Beautiful like a rainbow ♪ . [cheers and applause] all: Howie! Howie! Howie! You know what gets me moving? Running through a few thousand strangers who haven't washed their hands in an hour. [chuckles] You'll get me moving. Everybody's got an open palm, and they just want to touch. That is, like, your worst nightmare. This is a Petri dish. Look but don't touch for Howie Mandel. ♪ Music so hard ♪ ♪ Makes me say oh my lord ♪ ♪ Thank you for blessing me ♪ ♪ With a mind to rhyme and two hype feet ♪ ♪ That's good when you know you're down ♪ My man, Howie Mandel. Yes. How are you feeling? Oh, I'll tell you. For somebody that doesn't want to touch hands, just to be here, it's amazing. [laughter] You know, to be honest with you, I am scared to death of everything every minute of my life. ♪ Can't touch ♪ I am Simone. And I am Lorenzo. And we are the creators of Idego Virtual Reality. [lively classical music] All of the world, everyone is sitting on fears, phobias, like arachnophobia, fear of flying, fear of heights. They get up, they go to work, but they are living a life that stops them from achieving their potential. ♪ ♪ We developed virtual reality technology, and with this tool people discover that they are capable of things that they have never imagined. This is our opportunity to share this potential with the entire world. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Hello. What's your name? My name is Simone. And my name is Lorenzo. Where are you from? Rome, Italy. And what do you guys do in Rome? We are psychologists. Oh. And we love technology, so we wanted to find a way to put technology and psychology together, so we created this virtual reality software for the mental health. So cool. I love that. I don't know if you know who you're talking to, but in this country, I've put a lot of psychologists into a whole new tax bracket. [laughter] So why "AGT"? We often say when a person overcomes phobias, that person is actually finding his own talent. So our talent is to help others unlocking their talent. Whoo! Love that. Wow. So I would like to invite you onstage. [cheers and applause] Oh, "you," meaning me? Yeah, you. Whoo! Yes! So we're going to put you in a virtual situation where you're going to find out that you're capable of things you didn't know you could do. Oh, wow. [cheers and applause] Come with me. All right. [cheers and applause] I--I-- Oh, sorry, sorry. You found my first phobia. Yeah, yeah, yeah. [laughter] First of all, we are going to take off our shoes to get on the green, okay? Okay. So come with me. All right. Don't be scared. Just trust me. Too late. [laughter] So do you prefer to put on the headset by yourself? Yeah. Okay. I could--I'm a big boy. Okay. [laughter] And put it on? Yeah, put it on. Okay. [coyote howls] Oh. What do you see? I'm not in a fun place. [laughter] I see somebody in more trouble than me, and a bird, and I'm in a canyon, and I don't--you know, I don't know if I told you this, heights is one of my phobias. Yes, that's why you're here with us. The balloon. [laughs] Now, walking on the ropes, your aim is to save that person whose life is in danger. All right. Are you ready? Howie! [cheers and applause] Please, Howie. Okay. All right, I'll try. I don't like this. Be very careful where you place your feet. I'm trying to, but I don't-- I don't--I don't-- Oh, my gosh. Just a little bit like this. Okay, okay, you can do it. I can't, I can't. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you can do it. I can't, I can't. Okay, okay. Julianne. Oh, my gosh. We are going to do the first step together, and then you'll be able to go on by yourself, okay? Yeah. Can't he come and save me? [laughter] [light music] Oh, my Gosh. Oh. Okay, okay. You got it, Howie! I can't. Go, Howie! [cheers and applause] Can I crawl? No, don't do like this. Why? Don't do like this. It's worse. You're gonna fall. I can't--I'm too scared. ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ [laughter] There you go, Howie. I'm too scared. What do I do now? Grab his arm. You have to save him. What? Grab his arm. You have to save him. Grab his arm? Arm, yeah, the arm. I don't touch people's hands! [laughter and applause] He's gonna fall. Can't I just go and save myself? Push your limit. Come on, Howie. You can do it. Oh, my gosh. Come on, Howie! How do I get him? I can't get-- oh, I feel him. [cheers and applause] Now save him. Save him. Okay. Okay. ♪ ♪ You did it. I'm a hero. Yeah! ♪ ♪ Who are you? [laughter] [cheers and applause] Yay! [The Script's "Hall of Fame"] He faced his fear. That was amazing. ♪ ♪ all: Howie! Howie! Howie! Howie! Howie! Howie! Oh, my--that's terrifying. Okey dokey. Oh. Wow. Howie, how do you feel right now? I feel like a hero. ♪ Standing in the hall of fame ♪ Yeah! I'll be honest with you, I was terrified, and I was trying to think, oh, no, this is pretend. This is virtual reality, but the virtual kept going away, and it was really my reality, and I've never seen something that is so enveloping, and I'm a proponent of mental health and removing the stigma. Wow. That was amazing. [cheers and applause] Gabrielle. It was just awesome watching Howie overcome his fears. I was on the edge of my seat. It was exhilarating. Amazing job. Thank you, guys. Thank you. Julianne. My heart was racing for you. That was stuff I've never actually seen before, and honestly that was so much fun. I think people are gonna love this, so thank you for coming to "America's Got Talent." Thank you. [cheers and applause] Simon? Well, you know what, what was cool about this is that we actually saw what you were seeing, which is normally-- You could see it? Yeah, yeah. They could. It's amazing, and it is entertaining. Plus, it was even better seeing Howie look silly. [laughter] It was different, and I liked it. Well done. Thank you. So let's vote. Go ahead, Simon. I'm gonna say yes. Julianne. Absolutely yes for me. Thank you. Gabrielle. That's a yes for me too. Thank you. For me, it was fantastic, and for me alone, four yeses. ♪ Standing in the hall of fame ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And the world's gonna know your name ♪ Thank you. ♪ ♪ How do you feel right now? Right now... I still can't believe it. Yeah. That was completely crazy. Could you see through my goggles? We could see what you were doing. No, it was cool because they cut away to all these different camera angles. It was good. ♪ Standing in the hall of fame ♪ . [laughter] Oh, my gosh, this is so amazing. I can't believe we're here. Wow! I like your outfit! Thank you. Being here is just a dream come true. Whoa. Do you feel nervous? Let's just hold my hand. We're excited for you. Hope you do good. There's a huge crowd. This is one of the biggest stages in the world. Oh, it is the biggest stage in the world. Wow. You see? This your good luck charm? Mm-hmm. Oh. What's his name? Uni. Uni. Okay, listen, let's go out there and show 'em what you got. High five. All right. Go out there and give it to 'em. [cheers and applause] Aww. Oh. Hi! Hello. Hello. Hi, sweetheart. What's your name? Emanne. Emanne? Yeah. Where are you from? From North Port, Florida. Right on. Yeah. And how old are you? I'm ten. You're ten? Yeah. [giggles] I'm so nervous. Are you here with your parents? Uh, yeah, I'm here with my parents and my brothers. And your brothers. Yeah. Are you the only girl in your family? Yeah. Oh, so you're the angel. Sometimes. Or are you the devil? [laughter] And what do your parents do? Well, my dad owns an ice cream factory. [cheers and applause] Yeah. Best job ever. Yeah. Do you get to go in there and pick all your favorite flavors? Yeah. What's your favorite flavor? Salted caramel, coffee, and chocolate chip mint. Yeah. Literally my favorites. We're on a good start. [laughs] Okay, hon, let's see what you've got. [cheers and applause] [breathes deeply] Oh, so nervous. [cheers and applause] [gentle music] ♪ ♪ [singing operatically in Italian] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [music crescendos] ♪ ♪ [wild cheering] ♪ Somewhere ♪ She's brilliant. I want to hug you. ♪ Over ♪ ♪ The rainbow ♪ [cheers and applause] How does that voice come out of that little body? Wow. Thank you. I mean, seriously, it's unbelievable. What an amazing person. Your dad's got the best job in the world. It must be magic ice cream. Um, and then you come along and just do that. You are absolutely fantastic. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Howie? How does somebody your age get into that kind of music? 'Cause my mom's mom used to listen to opera, and my mom listened to it with her, and now I listen to it with my mom, so yeah. I believe that after tonight, they're gonna be recognizing you on the street. So your life is never gonna be the same, and your dreams are about to come true. Yes. Gabrielle. The whole audience was like, "You've got to be kidding me." You're that talented. You're just a star, you know? Thank you. Wow, wow, wow. I was completely mesmerized and captivated, and your voice obviously blew all of us away, but there's something about your presence. Like, you're so confident and so true to who you are. Don't lose that aspect, because that is what's going to take you on this journey, and you're gonna go really, really far, my love. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Yes. All right, should we take a vote? I'm shaking. Simon? Yeah, it was all right. [laughter] Uh, I really, really am happy to give you your very first yes. [cheers and applause] Howie? I'll give you the second. Yes. [cheers and applause] Gabrielle. Don't be nervous at all. It's three yeses. [cheers and applause] I'm gonna give you a yes, but only if we can share some ice cream together. Is that okay? Okay, yeah. Okay, perfect. It's four yeses. ♪ Somewhere ♪ Well done. ♪ ♪ ♪ Over ♪ ♪ The rainbow ♪ What a find. What a find. What a gem. I did not expect that huge voice to come out of that little frame. How do you feel? Great. I don't care how many times I've heard that song, that was special. Oh, stunning. You get some ice cream after this? Yes. ♪ Come true ♪ [cheers and applause] It was high, it was low. It had all the emotions. I thought it was achingly beautiful. In all the time that I've been here, this is my favorite Golden Buzzer moment. [cheers and applause] . ♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪ Daddy, look! ♪ Travelled down the road ♪ ♪ And back again ♪ Oh, my God. ♪ Your heart is true ♪ Oh, my--aren't you the cutest thing? Well, welcome to "America's Got Talent." ♪ And if you threw a party ♪ ♪ Invited one you knew ♪ Hey, Falco. How you doing? All right, good to see you, buddy. ♪ And the card attached would say ♪ ♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Welcome. Hello. What's your name, please? He's the most important, so I start with him. Okay. He's my best friend, Falco. Nine-year-old Border Collie. My name is Lukas, I'm 22 years old, and we are here to perform K9 freestyle. [cheers and applause] And where did you two meet? When I was a child, my dad and all of the family wanted a dog at home, so we met all the puppies, and Falco was peeing on my dad's leg, and I was-- [laughter] I thought it was funny. We should take him, and it was the start of a great friendship. Aww. Aww, I love that. [cheers and applause] [gentle music] I'm Lukas, I'm 22 years old, and this is my best friend, Falco. [Falco barks] When I was a child, I was afraid of dogs. They terrified me, and I said, "No, never, ever will I accept a dog in our family." When I was 14, my worst nightmare got a reality. My family told me that we would get a dog. At first, I didn't want to be his friend, but eventually, I just looked at his eyes, and he was the first dog who won me over. [barking] Look at his face. How could I not love him? ♪ ♪ So I started to do some tricks with him. We trained ever day, and Falco would get better and better. He really knows that he's a star. ♪ ♪ In the last nine years, we've done so much together, and we grow together. He's a really, really special dog for me. I can't explain how much feelings I have for him. Falco is everything I have, but now he gets a little bit older. After "America's Got Talent," Falco will retire. It makes me sad. I can't imagine doing this with anyone else. All right, Lukas and Falco, can you guys come with me? But he really, really deserves this. Lots of experience. So we came to "America's Got Talent," one of the biggest stages of the world, because I wanted to give him a really, really good bang at the end of his career. [cheers and applause] Okay, Lukas and Falco, the stage is yours. Thank you. [cheers and applause] all: Aww. He's like a little pup. He's beautiful. I can't wait. [Kenny Loggins' "Footloose"] ♪ ♪ ♪ Been working so hard ♪ ♪ I'm punching my card ♪ ♪ Eight hours for what ♪ ♪ Oh tell me what I got ♪ ♪ I'll hit the ceiling ♪ ♪ Or else I'll tear up this town ♪ Ohh. ♪ ♪ ♪ Now I gotta cut loose ♪ ♪ Footloose ♪ ♪ Kick off the Sunday shoes ♪ all: Ohh! ♪ Please Louise ♪ ♪ Pull me off of my knees ♪ ♪ Lose your blues ♪ ♪ Everybody cut footloose ♪ ♪ You got to turn me around ♪ He's doing it. ♪ And put your feet on the ground ♪ ♪ Gotta take the hold of all ♪ Oh! Ohh! ♪ ♪ ♪ I'm turning loose ♪ ♪ Footloose ♪ ♪ Kick off the Sunday shoes ♪ ♪ Everybody cut, everybody cut ♪ ♪ Everybody cut, everybody cut ♪ ♪ Everybody cut, everybody cut ♪ ♪ Everybody, everybody cut footloose ♪ ♪ ♪ all: Aww. [wild cheering] [Rachel Platten's "Better Place"] ♪ ♪ Yes! ♪ ♪ ♪ I'll tell the world I'll sing a song ♪ ♪ It's a better place since you came along ♪ ♪ Since you came along ♪ Well done, guys. Gabrielle, what did you think? That was absolutely awesome. I have five dogs at home, and knowing how much work goes into training a dog just to basic obedience, and he's doing all kinds of tricks. I love you, I love Falco. Great job. Great. Thank you. Howie? It's adorable. You made it exciting. I thought the music was good. It was like a boot-scootin' doggy. [cheers and applause] I loved it. Julianne. Oh, you wanna come play? [laughs] It was amazing. I thought it was fun. I thought it was energetic. It's okay, Falco. He knows how good he is. He doesn't need to hear the comments. Aww, to Terry. It was amazing. I loved it. He loves me, he loves me. ♪ So I pour my heart into your hands ♪ ♪ It's like you really understand ♪ He has amazing personality, but also importantly so do you, because both have got to work. I think this is the best dog act we've had this year. Yeah. Thank you. ♪ And I hold my favorite thing ♪ Okay, let's vote. Howie, yes or no? Yes! That's one. Gabrielle. You got two yeses. Thank you. And now you have three. And I can tell how much this means to you, Falco. You've got four yeses. ♪ 'Cause it feels like I've opened my eyes again ♪ Aww. ♪ And the colors are golden and bright again ♪ I love how much they love each other. ♪ There's a song in my heart ♪ Thank you. Well done, guys. Thank you. Bye. ♪ It's a better place since you came along ♪ [laughs] Ohh. ♪ It's a better place ♪ Falco. Oh, my God, you guys did so good. How do you feel right now? It's amazing. It's an incredible feeling. Isn't that how we met ten years ago? I think I peed on your leg, and you said, "I want to take you home." Right. That's exactly what happened. What would you do with a million dollars, Falco? Buy a lot of dog food. [laughs] ♪ It's a better place since you came along ♪ . I'm beyond lucky to have you, baby. I love you. [gentle music] You know I love you. I know. ♪ ♪ I love you. Love you. Loved your wife, by the way. Oh, she is my-- my soul mate. Soul mates are the most important thing. I always think that. I'm so scared. ♪ ♪ We're here. [cheers and applause] Hello. Hi. Let's start with an introduction, please. We are Verba Shadow Group from Ukraine. [cheers and applause] And where and how did you meet? We met nine years ago in the university when I took part in contest, and I showed my talent, shadow theater. [cheers and applause] Nine years ago, I took my friends in the talent show, and we used just a torch and white sheet. We didn't win anything, but Verba Shadow Dance Group was born. When I joined the group, we were just friends. I didn't think about him like boyfriend, but one day I saw him in new light. After shower. After shower. [laughter] Without T-shirt. And we fell in love. I decided to make proposal to Mila. I had no idea, but when I saw him standing with the ring, I start to cry. Of course. I don't know what I would do without Ruslan. He's like my rock. Our performance tonight is a story about love and hope. We come all the way to "America's Got Talent" because we know that it's a chance to make our big dream come true. Let's go. [cheers and applause] Well, good luck. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. [cheers and applause] So do I. [laughter] I really do. That was very nice of you, buddy. No, I mean it. [cheers and applause] Here we go. ["Love Me Like You Do" plays] ♪ ♪ ♪ Fading in, fading out ♪ ♪ On the edge of paradise ♪ ♪ Every inch of your skin ♪ ♪ Is a holy grail I've got to find ♪ ♪ Only you can set my heart on fire ♪ ♪ On fire ♪ ♪ Yeah I'll let you set the pace ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm not thinking straight ♪ ♪ My head's spinning around ♪ ♪ I can't see clear no more ♪ ♪ What are you waiting for ♪ ♪ Love me like you do ♪ ♪ Love, love, love me like you do ♪ ♪ Love me like you do ♪ ♪ Love, love, love me like you do ♪ [baby wails] ♪ Touch me like you do ♪ ♪ Touch me like you do ♪ [baby wails] ♪ What are you waiting for ♪ [gunshots] Whoa. [intense music] ♪ ♪ [audience ohhs] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] [somber music] ♪ ♪ [audience ohhs] ♪ ♪ [baby wails] Ohh. Aww. [baby crying] ♪ ♪ [baby crying] ♪ ♪ Aww. [music rises] [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ all: Ohh. ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] Oh, my God. Amazing. [Emeli Sandé's "Read All About It, Part III"] ♪ I wanna sing, I wanna shout ♪ ♪ I wanna scream till the words dry out ♪ ♪ ♪ Gabrielle. I'm blown away. It was a roller coaster of emotion. I thought it was achingly beautiful and haunting, and I absolutely loved it. Thank you so much. Julianne. I mean, my heart. This, to me, was an absolute treat. It was high, it was low, it had all the emotions, and showing in this beautiful art form, it was amazing. Thank you so much. Howie. It was so beautiful and so disturbing... Real. At the same time. And I loved the mixture of the shadows and the live dancers out front, and I think you did a great job tonight. Thank you. [cheers and applause] You know what, I have to tell you, what you did in terms of your imagination and creativity, it was seamless. I thought it was a very good act. Very good. Well done. Thank you so much. Let's vote. Howie? It's a yes for me. Thank you. Gabrielle. That's two yeses. [cheers and applause] Julianne. That's three from me. [cheers and applause] You've got four yeses. Congratulations. ♪ I wanna sing, I wanna shout ♪ ♪ I wanna scream till the words dry out ♪ ♪ So put it in all of the papers ♪ ♪ I'm not afraid ♪ ♪ They can read all about it, read all about it ♪ Oh, my God! [all cheering] Yes, yes, yes! That was beautiful. Great. Oh, so good. Verba Shadow! ♪ Words dry out ♪ . I really hope they give you the Golden Buzzer. Yeah, I'm gonna get--well, I hope I get the Golden Buzzer. I know you can do it. I want that gold confetti raining down. I'm keeping my fingers crossed for the Golden Buzzer. You know? [chuckles] I hope us both get the Gold Buzzer. [laughs] That would be great. [cheers and applause] Everybody's Golden Buzzer is so amazing. It's a lot of responsibility, but it's also one of the most humbling things you can be a part of and, I mean, I gotta be honest, I can't wait to pick my Golden Buzzer. Is it gonna be today? I hope so. Julianne, you're the only one that's got a Golden Buzzer left. ♪ ♪ How do you feel about performing in front of Julianne Hough? It's--it's gonna be incredible, but I just feel like she's gonna, you know, critique my technique, so I'm just a little bit stressed about that. My name's Ben Trigger, I'm 25, I'm a travel agent from Australia, and tonight I'm gonna be dancing on "America's Got Talent." So did they explain to you that you're gonna carry a microphone out with you to talk to the judges? Yes. All right, good luck. Thank you. Growing up, my life completely revolved around dancing. When I was 12, I was fortunate enough to get into one of the most competitive dance schools in Australia. But the dance world has such a structured look of what you should be, and being a gay, fat dancer wasn't it. I actually had a ballet teacher who wouldn't refer to me by my name. She'd call me Plump Boy. My mom tried to pull me out of that dance school so many times, but I kept fighting it because I knew that I needed to be there to become the dancer that I wanted to become. The second I graduated, started going to auditions, and they'd like you up, and they wouldn't even see me dance. I'd just be cut. But, you know, it didn't deter me. I finally got one, and I was over the moon. I knew that I wanted to push myself, to prove why I was here, so I went full-throttle and did everything that I could, and I severely dislocated my left knee. I was told by the doctors that I couldn't dance for at least three years. ♪ ♪ So I had to move back in with mom and dad and started working at a dead-end job, and I've been doing that for seven years. But I always knew that dance was what I was born to do. ♪ And I rise up ♪ So here I am on "America's Got Talent." ♪ I rise up ♪ This is literally the one thing that can get my career back on track, and I'm really excited to perform in front of Julianne. To have one of the biggest names in dancing give me approval, it would mean the world. I'm with you, brother. All right, all right. Go get 'em. Go get 'em! Tonight I'm here to prove to the people that didn't believe in me, the bullies... Oh, no shoes. That I am a dancer. Hello. Hello. Tell me who you are, please. My name's Ben Trigger. Is that your real name? That is my real name. And where are you from, Ben Trigger? I'm from Brisbane, Australia. [cheers and applause] Can I ask why you don't have shoes on? 'Cause I'm gonna dance for you. Whoo! [laughter] [cheers and applause] And tell me, why "America's Got Talent"? "America's Got Talent" is-- it's really my second chance to fulfill my dream of dancing. When I was 18, I dislocated my knee very badly, and then... So if you hadn't dislocated your knee, what were you going to try and do? I wanted to be on Broadway. As a dancer? Yeah. Right. [cheers and applause] Okay, good luck. Thank you. Yes, dance, come on. I love a barefoot dancer. [Earth, Wind & Fire's "Boogie Wonderland"] ♪ ♪ ♪ Dance ♪ ♪ Boogie wonderland ♪ ♪ Ha, ha dance ♪ ♪ Boogie wonderland ♪ ♪ The mirror stares you in the face ♪ ♪ And says baby uh, uh, it don't work ♪ ♪ You say your prayers though you don't care ♪ ♪ You dance and shake the hurt ♪ ♪ Dance ♪ ♪ Boogie wonderland ♪ ♪ Ha, ha dance ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ Boogie wonderland ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Sounds fly through the night ♪ ♪ I chase my vinyl dreams to Boogie Wonderland ♪ ♪ I find romance when I start to dance ♪ ♪ In Boogie Wonderland ♪ ♪ All the love in the world can't be gone ♪ ♪ All the need to be loved can't be wrong ♪ ♪ All the records are playing ♪ ♪ And my heart keeps saying Boogie Wonderland ♪ ♪ Wonderland ♪ ♪ Ha, ha ♪ [wild cheering] [Irene Cara's "Flashdance... What a Feeling"] He hit the Golden Buzzer for himself! ♪ ♪ ♪ First when there's nothing ♪ ♪ But a slow glowing dream ♪ Oh, my God. ♪ That your fear seems to hide ♪ What just happened? ♪ Deep inside ♪ ♪ Your mind ♪ Ben. Ben. Yes, sir? It's supposed to be us, not you. Uh, uh, I'm sorry. Okay. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. Julianne, what do you think? When I asked why you didn't have shoes on, I didn't realize what was to come. Whoo! [laughter] But you actually have some serious moves. ♪ What a feeling ♪ And I guess work what your mama gave you. Thanks, Mom! [cheers and applause] Gabrielle. Baby, you gave us a whole show. You came to slay, and I am deceased. Thank you! ♪ Take your passion ♪ Howie? I have to say, in all the time that I've been here, this is my favorite Golden Buzzer moment. [laughter and cheering] You know what I feel like today? What? I feel like I've eaten the craziest milkshake in the world, with everything mixed up with you at the top. [cheers and applause] Thank you. But you know what, you are hilarious. [cheers and applause] Thank you. You're so much fun. Howie, without the Golden Buzzer, yes or no? Without the Golden Buzzer, it's a yes. Thank you. Gabrielle? It's a huge yes for me. Thank you. Julianne? It's a tassel yes for me. [cheers and applause] Ohh. Ben Trigger, guess what, you've got four yeses. Whoo! ♪ Take your passion ♪ ♪ And make it happen ♪ ♪ Pictures come alive ♪ All right, my man. You did it, you did it. That's so funny that he fell on that. Oh, my God. Has that ever happened? Never. Okay, Ben, we gotta be clear. That Golden Buzzer did not count. No. But I gotta give you all the props in the world. That was an amazing performance, my man. Thank you. And you know what, we can give you that Golden Buzzer, if you want. No. But doesn't it make sense that he'd be a dancer? Thank you. Thank you. You're right. Nope. ♪ What a feeling ♪ ♪ I can have it all ♪ ♪ Being's believing ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 