America's Got Talent: Season 14, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America's Got Talent 
 s14e11 - Judge Cuts 4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America's Got Talent (2006–…): Season 14, Episode 11 - Judge Cuts 4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Sam Tinnesz's "Ready Set Let's Go"] You have made it through to the live shows at the Dolby Theatre. [echoing] The live shows at the Dolby Theatre. The live shows at the Dolby Theatre. ♪ Ready set let's go, this fire's blazing ♪ Wow. You just blew it out of the water. Whoa. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You come out, and you show them how it's done. ♪ Let's go ♪ You have an amazing talent. I totally believe that you deserve to be in the live shows. ♪ Ready set ♪ Is it enough? This is your last chance to go through to the Dolby Theatre and winning a headline show in Vegas. ♪ Ohhh-ohhh-ohhhh ♪ Do we think you're gonna be ready for the live shows? [echoing] ...for the live shows? [cheers and applause] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ ♪ Let's go ♪ ♪ This fire's blazing ♪ ♪ We got you shaking ♪ ♪ Ready set, ready set let's go ♪ Welcome to "America's Got Talent," the final Judge Cuts from Universal Studios Los Angeles, and please welcome our guest judge, one of the hardest-working men in show business. Me! [laughter] Comedian, author, and legendary late-night TV show host, it's the one and only Mr. Jay Leno! ♪ ♪ Thank you very much. Oh, my God. It's Jay Leno. How are you? Good to see you. Thank you. Thank you. Very nice to see you. Thanks for this. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. Look at you, how beautiful. Good to see you again. [mutters] Oh, you. [laughs] The great Jay Leno, man. How's it feel to be here? Well, it's very exciting. I spent 20 years introducing people but never judging them, so this'll be a new thing for me. Oh, I think you judged us. Yeah, I did judge you. [laughter] All right, 18 acts are waiting to come out and prove they deserve one of the final seven spots to the live shows. Seven. Seven spots. Now, Jay, as our guest judge, you get something very special called the Golden Buzzer. [cheers and applause] You push that buzzer one time, you will send your favorite act straight to the live shows at the Dolby in Hollywood. Yeah! ♪ Get it on ♪ So are you ready to get this started, y'all? [cheers and applause] Let's make it happen, y'all. ♪ Get it on, bang a gong ♪ ♪ Get it on ♪ Are you nervous right now? Yes! Now that I know that the guest judge is a legendary comic, now I need to change my whole set. I'm so excited that you're here. Well, thanks. The OG, I get to sit next to the OG. [cheers and applause] What is it you do again? Magic. Well, I'm a comic, you know, of sorts. Oh. And I'm guessing you guys-- Dog show. Dog show, okay. There we go. That's it. [cheers and applause] It was quite incredible, but I think--what's his name? Aussie. Aussie. Aussie is the star for me. All right, Universal Studios, you ready to get this show started? What kind of acts do you usually like? Do you like music, singing, magic? I like to look at someone who--oh, wow, they're gonna be a star someday. Superstar, yeah. [dog barking] I think there might be dogs. I hear dogs. [cheers and applause] [indistinct] [dogs barking] Aussie, Aussie, sit down. Aussie. Hello. Hello. Hi. Welcome back. Thank you. So just tell us who you are again, please, and where you're from. We are the Dominguez family. Yep. We live in Dallas, Texas. Okay. [cheers and applause] And remind me, you travel all the time in one van? Yeah, we have an RV. So what would you like to happen if you were to win "America's Got Talent?" First thing, buy a house for this family, and second, do a show in Las Vegas. This is our dream. [cheers and applause] It's your favorite, your terrier. Yeah, I like him. He want to say hi. Oh, hello. They all want to say hi. They're all coming. And have some of them had, like, different haircuts since we last saw you? Yeah, my wife has the-- No, not your wife. [laughter] Talking about the back row? Doesn't matter. I'll ask you afterwards. Okay, 18 acts, 7 go through. Good luck. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] "Yeah, my wife had a haircut." [laughs] She got an inch taken off. Here we go. [upbeat music] ♪ Viva Las Vegas ♪ ♪ Viva, viva ♪ ♪ Las Vegas ♪ ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ Whoa! ♪ So we gonna dance until we drop ♪ ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ Ohh! ♪ Right here right now is all we got ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh yeah ♪ ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ ♪ So we gonna dance until we drop ♪ ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ ♪ Right here right now ♪ Whoa! [cheers and applause] ♪ All we got, all we got ♪ ♪ All we got, all we got ♪ [cheers and applause] Whoa! ♪ ♪ ♪ It don't mean a thing if I give you my heart ♪ ♪ If you tear it apart, no, uh, uh, ah, oh ♪ ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ This is incredible. ♪ We gonna dance until we drop ♪ ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ ♪ So we gonna dance until we drop ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ Ahh! [wild cheering] Wow. [cheers and applause] [Steppenwolf's "Born to be Wild"] ♪ ♪ Look at that one. [dogs barking] They're running all over the stage. ♪ Get your motor running ♪ ♪ Head out on the highway ♪ Yeah. ♪ Looking for adventure ♪ I have a feeling we're just gonna have to keep talking while this happens. Howie? It's chaotic, and who doesn't love chaos? [laughter] The question that I have, is this a step up? We're seeing 18 acts tonight. Only seven are going through, so I wish you the best of luck. ♪ Born to be wild ♪ Julianne? I could obviously see that there is a few little things that didn't go as planned. Ad goodbye. Oh. And you're back. But I gotta be honest. It was like a beautiful hurricane. Well done. Jay? You've had a lot of dog acts on your show. Yeah, I mean, the dogs are-- dogs are dogs. They're just hilarious whenever they-- you can see they've been too-- little too much time in the RV, I think, on the road with the dogs. So it was great, a lot of fun. Thank you. Gabrielle? I mean, we're all dog people here, and so we love, you know, all the dog acts, but more than the dogs, we love your family. Great job. Well, I think what's great, it's just fantastic chaos, and it's almost like the most fun family in the world to be a part of, and you always try and give constructive advice, and I think with "The Lion King" being re-released and some of them actually do look like lions--not so much the multicolored one, but I think maybe if you do make it through to the finals, that would be my advice, that you do something along those lines. ♪ Born to be wild ♪ Thank you. Thank you. [cheers and applause] You don't think that looks like a lion? No. Listen, we will wait for the judges' decisions. I hope you're in. I hope too. Okay, tonight. All right, great job, guys. Jay, what do you think of this whole judging thing? It's fun. It's fun. I was totally blown away. [vocalizing] I'll be rooting for you. Whoa. [buzzer] I don't know what to say other than it was awful. I'm the witness to something extremely special. . Hey, Jay, when are you gonna hit your Golden Buzzer? Oh, very soon. Very soon? All right. You heard it first right here. He's gonna hit it soon. I'm so curious to see who he's gonna press the Golden Buzzer for. Me too. Do you think he likes dancing? You never know. We need to be good. We are DM Nation, and we are a dance group from Quebec, Canada. Our first audition, we got a lot of great constructive criticism. [cheers and applause] To me, it lacks that personality. Whoo! There is a kind of a coldness there at the moment. I don't want to see the same thing happen again, but four yeses. [cheers and applause] Hearing that we needed to bring maybe a little more personality was a shock. We're on a mission to show Simon that we have a lot of personality. Yeah. And that we can win, so you better be ready, Simon, 'cause we're coming for you. All right, here we go, folks. Here we go. [cheers and applause] Well, hello, DM Nation. all: Hi. You guys are from Canada, right? Yes, from Quebec. That's 10% of the population of Canada right there. I want to know, how did you guys prepare for this next round of competition? We've prepared so hard. We're so glad to be here, and we want to be the first all-female dance group to ever make it to the finals. All right, DM Nation, take it away. Thank you. Yeah! Let's go! Come on! Oh, this is your wheelhouse, isn't it? I love the dance. [Woodkid's "Run Boy Run"] ♪ ♪ ♪ Run boy run ♪ ♪ This world is not meant for you ♪ ♪ Run boy run ♪ ♪ They're trying to catch you ♪ ♪ Run boy run ♪ ♪ Running is a victory ♪ ♪ Run boy run ♪ ♪ Beauty lies behind the hills ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh-oh-oh! ♪ ♪ [wild cheering] Yeah! [Aurora's "Conqueror"] All right, Simon? Look, all I would say is it's very professional and technical, but I don't know what it is. There's a coldness to me. I can't relate to you as people. That's exactly the opposite of what I felt. I love when you were making those kind of scary faces, and then they had this angry, "I'm gonna kick your butt" kinda thing going, so I was totally blown away. Thank you so much. Thank you. You came back, and you upped it to a new level, but it is a tough and tight competition. There's a lot of acts here, but I really believe that you guys delivered, so good luck. Thank you. ♪ I've been looking for the conqueror ♪ It's gonna be tough. It's a tight competition. Okay, here we go. I'm gonna try my hardest to get that Golden Buzzer again though because I felt it once already. I need to feel it again. Who's Ben Trigger? Oh, he's a-- Performer. Performer. Ben Trigger, Golden Buzzer winner. [wild cheering] It felt exhilarating. Who wouldn't want some tasseling show boy up on stage in the finals? Let's be honest. [cheers and applause] Without a doubt, my favorite Golden Buzzer moment. You shouldn't have. What do you mean, I didn't get the Golden Buzzer? I'm a classically trained dancer. I've been training since I was five, but growing up, I was the bigger kid, and I think it was hard because dance is such a competitive sport that you have to look a certain way to be a dancer. Knowing that there are other great dancers here, it's nerve-racking. I'm gonna show the judges a more serious side. It's what I've trained 16 years to do. You're gonna tone it down. Do you think that's the right decision to make here at the Judge Cuts, or do you think that's risky? Oh, I think you've gotta be versatile. Showing my serious side tonight I think will give me a little bit of an edge in the competition. Oh, I love him. You're never too big to dance. If you've got a dream and you've got something that you love, you don't give up on it. Tell us your name, so everybody knows your name. My name is Ben Trigger. I'm 25, and I am from Australia. [cheers and applause] How do you think that first audition went? Well, I got the Golden Buzzer, so I don't know why I'm here tonight. You obviously just want to see me again, so that's fine. That was a pretty big act to follow, so what have you done to prepare for tonight? Well, I think I'm going for a bit more serious tonight, gonna show you that I'm a real dancer. Oh. Okay. All right. I'm into it. Good luck. Thank you. [cheers and applause] I can't imagine there is a serious side. I--I hope not. I hope it's why we liked him in the first place. I need tassels. [David Guetta's "Titanium"] ♪ You shout it out ♪ ♪ But I can't hear a word you say ♪ ♪ I'm talking loud, not saying much ♪ ♪ I'm bulletproof ♪ ♪ Nothing to lose ♪ ♪ Fire away, fire away ♪ Is he serious? ♪ You shoot me down but I don't fall ♪ ♪ I am titanium ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ [cheers and applause] [Tina Turner's "Proud Mary"] Yes! [laughs] ♪ ♪ ♪ If you come down to the river ♪ ♪ I bet you're gonna find some people who live ♪ I thought it was more serious. ♪ If you got no money ♪ ♪ People on the river are happy to give ♪ ♪ Big wheels keep on turning ♪ ♪ Proud Mary keep on burning ♪ ♪ And we're rolling and we're rolling ♪ ♪ And we're rolling on the river ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh, no. ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Yeah, rolling on the river ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Rolling ♪ Ahhh! Yes! [cheering] ♪ And we're rolling ♪ ♪ We're rolling on the river ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ All right ♪ ♪ Uh-huh ♪ [cheers and applause] Again? [wild cheering] Wow. I feel like we should start with Jay. What do you think? You know, it's been a long time since "Crocodile Dundee." Australia's gone through a lot of changes since those days. It was a lot of fun to watch, and I can see you're having fun with it, and the audience had fun with it too. Congratulations. Good job. Thank you. [cheers and applause] It hearkens back to Janet Jackson and the halftime show. I thought-- But it was funny, and you actually are a really good dancer. You have skills. Thank you. So I said to Howie when you were like, "Oh, I'm gonna-- it's gonna be more serious," and I was like, "If this man does not give me these dang tassels, I'ma be so upset." So when you gave us tassels, I was like, "Yes, babe!" Whoo! Simon? I don't know what to say. You've got a great personality, but I've got to ask you, where does this go? Oh, so many places. [laughter] I got it. I got it. That's gonna help me make my mind up later. Mm-hmm. We are going to be deliberating tonight. We will see what happens, but I love the show. Thank you. [cheers and applause] I love the fact that we're supposed to be experts on that. Well, you know, like, we really know what to say. What is that to be an expert on? [cheers and applause] . ["Ain't Nobody" playing] ♪ Ain't nobody loves me better ♪ ♪ Makes me happy, makes me feel this way ♪ I just loved it. I thought it was really fantastic. I was very, very impressed. Thank you so much. Thank you. He did a great job. I am so nervous after this, you know? Oh, yeah, for real. There's so much more at stake for this performance. My name is Jordan Ravi, and I'm a 19-year-old singer/songwriter from Darwin, Australia. To go from busking on the streets of my hometown to playing onstage in front of Simon Cowell is just, like, I couldn't believe it. ♪ Now they always say congratulations ♪ Being on "AGT" showed me what I could do, what was possible. They love you. The ladies love you. [cheering] You have great energy, and watching the audience respond to you and you respond to them, that was magic. [cheers and applause] I feel like all the years of busking right up to this moment allowed me to take this huge step. I hope we all get through. Thank you. You guys too, for real. Yeah, yeah. I like you guys, like-- Yeah. You guys are cool. I can't see myself looking in any direction but forwards. I want to be one of the seven contestants who make it to the live show. [cheers and applause] Welcome back. How you doing? Take it in, ladies. Take it in. We love you. Tell us what you're doing. Playing a song for you guys today called "High Hopes." Ooh. Ooh. I think a lot of us out here have some high hopes. [laughter] Good luck. ♪ Mama said don't give up ♪ ♪ It's a little complicated ♪ ♪ All tied up, no more love ♪ ♪ And I hate to see you waiting ♪ ♪ Had to have high, high hopes for a living ♪ ♪ Shooting for the stars when I couldn't make a killing ♪ ♪ Didn't have a dime but I always had a vision ♪ ♪ Had to have high, high hopes ♪ This, to me, was a way better audition than your first one. I think you look great. You got a great personality. I was really impressed with that. I'm really happy for you. Well done. Thank you so much. I agree with Simon. I liked the fact that you did something different. I thought it sounded great, and you're an enjoyable performer to watch. Thank you so much. There's definitely a lot more pressure than there was last time because everyone is so, so talented. My name's Benicio Bryant. I'm 14 years old. I'm from Maple Valley, Washington. My first audition, I was super nervous. ♪ I have been to the movies ♪ ♪ I've seen how it ends ♪ ♪ The joke's on them ♪ You remind me of the very first time I auditioned Harry Styles, which was he had this presence about him, and I've just got a feeling about you. I just never thought that this would happen. I'm a super shy person. I'm not used to performing onstage. I just sing in my room with, like, a toothbrush or something, pretending it was my microphone. For this round, I'm actually singing an original song because I have to top what I did the last round, but yeah. What's the song about? The song's called "Here Goes Nothing," so it's just kind of about, you know, like, taking your shot, you know, just-- That's perfect for this competition. Exactly, yeah. It is. I just want to, you know, make the most of myself and just show everyone what I can do. [cheers and applause] Oh. I am sold. So am I. Hello. Hey, guys. I have not stopped thinking about you since the first audition because you blew me away. I gotta say, it's a lot of pressure now because I love you so much. Thank you. But what are you doing today that is gonna raise the stakes and show us what you got? Well, so obviously I'm playing guitar tonight--today. Sorry, I'm a little nervous, sorry. That's okay. Take a breath. We're all here to support. Also I'm doing an original song. Oh. Ooh. Ooh. [cheers and applause] I love that. Well, let's see what you got. Thank you so much. Thank you. [cheers and applause] ["Here Goes Nothing" begins] ♪ ♪ ♪ Ohh ♪ ♪ Life can be a battlefield ♪ ♪ Scared to know what could be real ♪ ♪ Fear takes hold I lose my nerve ♪ ♪ I fail before I try ♪ ♪ What if I'm not good enough ♪ ♪ What if I run when it gets tough ♪ ♪ No matter what they say ♪ ♪ My worst enemy is me ♪ ♪ And I'm dreaming of another life ♪ ♪ I'm dreaming and I'm here to fight ♪ ♪ I'm dreaming that I could touch the sky ♪ ♪ Don't tell me that I can't ♪ ♪ That I'll lose like it's your demand ♪ ♪ I'm on the edge about to take the leap ♪ ♪ Here goes nothing ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ Here goes nothing ♪ ♪ Here goes nothing ♪ ♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ Whoo! ♪ Here goes nothing ♪ [wild cheering] [Kodaline's "High Hopes"] Whoo! Thank you. That was a perfect original to sing for an audition like this. Thank you. My mother would say you have an old soul. You know, I could look at you and hear your music and think there's a lot of stories behind you. I feel like we're looking directly into your heart. Thank you. I mean, it really-- it really is touching. Yes. Yes. Thank you. There's a lot of great acts tonight. There's a lot of great acts. You're worthy of going through, but this is so much harder now because, as you know, only seven are going through, so I wish you the best of luck. [cheers and applause] Even though I loved your first audition, in a weird way I liked you even more today because it was so bare and so raw and so honest, and you just want people to be yourself, and that's why I think we all related to you right from the beginning, you know? And my only advice I can give to you is just don't listen to anyone other than yourself. Trust yourself. ♪ High hopes ♪ ♪ It takes me back to where we started ♪ Well done. Thank you. ♪ High hopes ♪ Aww, I see you getting emotional. Oh, man. Oh, dude, dude, amazing. Thank you so much. ♪ Keeps spinning around ♪ . Julianne, she looks like she's really channeling outer space. I like her makeup. Her eyes look really good tonight. It's like a spaceship. It feels like an alien makeup. Yeah. Victor, it's good to see you again, sir. Now, listen, I have never seen an act like yours, horizontal juggling. [cheers and applause] Wow. The fact that you were able to create an entire world on that stage made me feel totally immersed. I thought the creativity was off the charts. [cheers and applause] For this next act, we had to put the Xs back. Are you nervous before your show? My hands are shaking. Yeah? Yeah. My name is Marina Mazepa. When I was kid growing up in Ukraine, my mom wanted me to be a lady, so she put me into dance. From the beginning, I knew that I had something more inside of me. I have another side. When I'm on stage, I'm unpredictable. Come on! I love to shock people. Oh! [audience groaning] Wow, wow, wow. You have four yeses. Congratulations. [wild cheering] Now to get to the live shows, I have to surprise them even more. Who's up next? Our contortionist. Oh, my God, on a pole no less. Ah. Tonight I want to show the judges something they won't forget. Oh. Oh. Oh. [cheers and applause] This first audition, it was a great moment. Oh, it was terrifying. Yeah, I loved it. I knew that tutu was coming off. I didn't. Oh, wow. Oh, no. Oh, my God. Wow. She is crazy. [Ruelle's "Madness"] Oh, my gosh. ♪ ♪ ♪ I see ♪ ♪ That look in your eyes ♪ ♪ It makes me go blind ♪ ♪ Cut me deep ♪ ♪ These secrets and lies ♪ Oh! ♪ Storm in the quiet ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Feel the fury ♪ ♪ Close ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ Whoa! ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Madness, madness ♪ ♪ Madness ♪ ♪ Madness, madness ♪ ♪ Madness ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ [laughs] ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ Ohh! ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Nowhere to run ♪ ♪ Madness, madness ♪ ♪ Madness ♪ ♪ Madness, madness, madness ♪ Oh, my God! [wild cheering] ♪ Welcome to my dark side ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Welcome to my dark side ♪ Jay? I don't know the definition of art, but I know art when I see it, and that really was art. I mean, it combined a lot of elements. I thought it was just wonderfully creative, and I was very, very impressed. Congratulations. Thank you. [cheers and applause] The thing is, in this day and age you have to be creative and innovative and be original, and you're all of those things and more. [cheers and applause] Thank you. Simon? Well, you're terrifying, Marina, but in a kind of a brilliant way. I mean, what I love about you is we don't have a clue what is going to happen. I have no idea what that means, what the wire was, and then you came over and tried to bite me or something. [laughter] But, you know, this is very cool, very current, and this is gonna be the hardest decision I've ever had to make to decide the seven acts who are gonna go through because you have to be a contender. You do. ♪ Till I show you how I feel inside ♪ ♪ Welcome to my ♪ Thank you for not biting me. Well done. ♪ Ooh-ooh, welcome to my ♪ I do this. ♪ Ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ I can be your reckless, you can be my stain ♪ ♪ I can be your heartache, you can be my shame ♪ Tell you what, up close she is terrifying. Yeah, she's committed. Like, nuts. [vocalizing] Can I get an amen? all: Amen! You're even more amazing this time. You show them how it's done. ♪ ♪ So what type of music do you like to sing? Soul, blues. Really? Yeah. I'm Charlotte. I'm 13 years old. I'm from Spain, and my talent is singing. When I was seven years old was my first time watching "America's Got Talent," and since then I started singing all the time, every second, every minute, all the time. ♪ Because you're mine ♪ And finally I'm here. It was like living in a dream. You know that you win a million dollars if you win the show? Yeah. What would you do with the money? I would buy a guinea pig, and I would call the guinea pig Simon Cowell. [laughter] Wow. No one's ever said that. I'm just nervous because there's a lot of competition in this round. A lot of people and a lot of singers. They're really talented. Yes, some good singers. Really? How many are there? How many? Eighteen? Oh, we didn't know about that. And seven. Yeah. I just wish nothing but the best, especially for you. Thank you. I do for you too. Yes, yes. Take your seats, please. Here we go. Hi. Oh. [cheers and applause] Hi. Charlotte, I remember you. You're from Spain, right? Yeah. You know what I remember about you besides your amazing talent? What you would do if you won this. So you may get one step further to Simon the guinea pig if you do well right now. [laughter and applause] That is an honor, thank you. That is an honor, and I'll remind them you're only 13 years old. Yeah. And are you--is it-- are you nervous backstage? Is everybody--do you hang-- are you all hanging together? Who? You and the other contestants? Oh, yeah, yeah. Howie, you're making her nervous. Am I making you nervous? No, I'm just nervous. It's all right. Is there anything that I could say that would calm you down? Guinea pig. [laughter] Simon the guinea pig. Yeah. Thank you. Go ahead, young lady. ["You Don't Own Me" begins] ♪ ♪ ♪ You don't own me ♪ ♪ Don't try to change me in any way ♪ ♪ You don't own me ♪ ♪ Don't tie me down 'cause I'll never stay ♪ ♪ I don't tell you what to say ♪ ♪ And I don't tell you what to do ♪ ♪ So just let me be myself ♪ Whoo! ♪ That's all I ask of you ♪ ♪ I'm young and I love to be young ♪ ♪ And I'm free and I love to be free ♪ ♪ To live my life the way I want ♪ ♪ To say and do whatever I please ♪ ♪ Ohhh ♪ ♪ I'm not just one of your many toys ♪ ♪ You don't own me ♪ ♪ Don't say I can't go with other boys ♪ [wild cheering] [gentle music] All right, baby girl. Yeah. Interesting choice of song. That was, like, one of the first feminist songs back in the day, you know, because all the other songs were, "I want to be Bobby's girl," all those stupid songs, and this is a song about a woman who's gonna do what she wants when she wants it. I was blown away. It's just incredible. [cheers and applause] We asked all these earlier acts why they're so nervous. Now I understand, because they've heard you, and they're just like, "I might as well give up now," because there is a real rawness to you which I love. This was great. I'm really, really happy. Thank you so much. [cheers and applause] I definitely don't want to have to tell any of these people they're not going on. I know, it's horrible. It's the worst part of the job. 'Cause there's easily out of 18, like right now I'm already at, like, six. My name is Callie Day. I'm from Atlanta, Georgia, and I'm a singer. At the age of two, I started singing in children's choir. My happy place was always singing. [laughs] That's where you could find me. I've always wanted to perform, but that door has never opened. In 2014 I was at church, and a friend of mine happened to record me. Right now the video has 24.9 million views, and I knew this is my time to be heard. [cheers and applause] [vocalizing] The average pop star age-- Is 19. 19, but you, you have an amazing voice. I'm gonna recognize that voice in the crowd. Now that I'm back again, I'm more nervous. There's so many talented singers. I've been nervous before, but this one is a different nervous. This one is really big. This is big. This is big. This is probably my last chance to do what I love to do best. I'm thankful for this opportunity, and I hope to win. Amen. [chuckles] [cheers and applause] Oh. Callie Day. Hello. How are you? I am blessed. Yeah, we are blessed to have you here. You blew the roof off the place the first time. Are you gonna leave this roof on this time? I plan on probably hurting a couple of folks today. Oh, wow. [laughter] You know what? I can't wait any longer. So I wish you the best of luck. Thank you. [cheers and applause] ["Up to the Mountain" begins] ♪ ♪ ♪ I went up to the mountain ♪ I love this song. ♪ Up over the clouds ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And though the clouds are blue ♪ ♪ I can wait no more ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ See sometimes I lay down ♪ ♪ No more can I do ♪ ♪ See sometimes I look down ♪ ♪ But I'm afraid ♪ ♪ I'll fall ♪ ♪ And though the sun ♪ ♪ It still shines ♪ ♪ I have nothing ♪ ♪ Nothing at all ♪ ♪ But then I hear ♪ Whoo! ♪ Your sweet, sweet voice ♪ ♪ Ohh ♪ ♪ Come and go ♪ ♪ Telling me softly ♪ ♪ You love me so ♪ [wild cheering] [gentle cover of "Hallelujah" begins] ♪ ♪ Throw away that piano! Throw that piano in the garbage, baby! Throw that instrument away! [cheers and applause] I would love to just hear you do it a cappella, you know, because to me, you are so much better than any instrument. [cheers and applause] You were just so captivating. You could hear a pin drop because we were engaged in everything that you said and sang. Many blessings. [exhales] You just, like, completely captured my heart. That was so stunning. Thank you so much for your beauty. [inaudible] [cheers and applause] If anyone ever asks me what does gospel mean, I'm gonna go, "Listen to you." That's what it's all about. Callie Day. Callie Day. Callie Day. Thank you for making our job even harder tonight, Callie. Yeah, thanks a lot. ♪ Hallelujah ♪ ♪ Hallelujah ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh, my goodness, Ms. Callie Day. Let me tell you something. That was so heartfelt, so emotional. Damn. It's gonna be so hard. Yeah. Boy, what a night. It's hard. It's harder than I thought. ♪ Hallelujah ♪ . You're doing great, by the way. Well, thanks, thanks, thanks. I really mean that. Well, thanks, thanks, thanks. All right, Universal Studios, more talent headed your way. Who's up next? It's magic. Zack and Stan. Now, there's a few magicians in tonight out of the 18. I think that we got something quite different from the other magicians. Needles? Don't try this at home. ♪ Gawking at the tricks up your sleeve ♪ No! ♪ Used to let it go ♪ I thought it was icky. I thought it was wow, and I'm gonna fight for you. Good luck, guys. Thank you very much. What do you do? I'm a magician. Oh, yes, you are, you little slick, smooth operator. Before I came out on stage, I asked the judges to write down any random thought, and I'm gonna try and fix it onto this canvas. Howie, you're thinking about Trump. Gabrielle, Egypt. Wow. Julianne, Roger Rabbit. Roger Rabbit. Simon, you're thinking about a Yorkie. Ooh. I could do that. The first letter, T-E-R-R-Y, so what does it make together? Terry. Terry Crews. ♪ ♪ Wow. Oh, my God! That looks like me! You were amazing the first time. You're even more amazing this time. Unbelievable. I have no idea how you do it. I'm just incredibly impressed. Really, really good. You're covered in glitter. I love glitter. I hope you go to lives, brother. Thank you, man. All right, all right. I could show them a magic trick. Oh, really? If they want to see how I got into this dress, oh! My name is Kara With a K. I live in Hollywood. I am 37 years old. ♪ So peaceful ♪ You just gotta stay on the grind because what a-- I killed it in my first audition. Oh, my God! You're not only funny, but your physical comedy, I loved it. Since the show has aired, it's happening. I'm becoming famous. How are you enjoying the spotlight? Honey, you know, I'd like to say that it's a little too much, but I absolutely love it. The pressure's on because there's only seven spots, and there's 18 acts, and if I heard no, I don't think I'd believe it. And I think they'd have to call security. Uh-oh, here comes trouble. Right, so you are? I'm Kara With a K, baby! How you doing tonight? [feedback whines] We have to adjust your microphone here. Just one second. Okay. I'm just gonna adjust your mic a little bit. Whoops. Pretend that didn't happen, guys. Okay. I am gonna ask you what you've done to prepare for this. I've just been working really hard, stretching, getting my jokes ready, and I'm just ready to be a star with you, Simon. I'm ready for stardom. I'm ready for you. Let's do it. Good luck. Here we go. Are you ready? All right. Whoo! Jesus, take the wheel! How you guys doing tonight? Whoo! She's enthusiastic. You know what? Energy, she got all of it. I've actually been suffering from something called high self-esteem. [chirping] Okay, okay, okay. What? Hit it. [lively music] Oh, my. Whoo! Yeah! Oh, god. [indistinct] Oh, my God, she's actually taking things off. Caw! Caw! Caw! Whoo! Girl, I got you right here. High five or not. Here you go. I got a little secret for you, baby. It's a vintage. Uh-uh. Okay, you're more of a white guy? I got you. Hold on. Yeah, it's a nice pinot. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Oh! [trills] [audience gasps] [cheers and applause] What in the hell? Caw, caw, caw! [laughs] Oh, God. Um... I can't. I don't know. Uh, Jay? Uh, you--you've-- you got the moves, and you got the personality, but there just wasn't enough jokes in there for me. Hey, Jay, you want to maybe sleep on it for a second? What? [stammers] You want to get back to me on that? Maybe it's just not your style, and that's okay. No, no, I don't say it to be mean 'cause I like you. I think you're a performer. Am I allowed to disagree with him? No, I love you. Thank you very much. Oh, my gosh. We'll be talking about you later. Good luck. Thank you so much. Thank you, guys. ♪ ♪ That was crazy disappointing. I was so uncomfortable. Sometimes you don't win them all, guys. Some people don't have the vision. She's out of material. That's exactly right. I've seen people do this. They do their first "Tonight Show" that's five years of their life, and then they come back two months later with something they just wrote, and it-- they didn't work it through enough. Shh. . Jay, is it different to what you thought it was gonna be? It's way more serious than I thought it was gonna be. Yeah. 'Cause you're watching on TV, you sort of sit home, you know, you're just watching, but you get here, you realize this is their whole life. Yeah. It really is. This is what they do, you know? This is make-or-break for a lot of these people. There's a lot of young singers here. A lot of them are, like, super talented, and they have the same big dream to become a singer and everything, and it's kinda, like, really, really nervous, you know? Like, what's gonna happen? My name's Emanne. I'm ten years old. Since I was very little, I always loved to sing, and my grandma was like, "You're gonna be an opera singer." [cheers and applause] [singing in Italian] You are absolutely fantastic. Thank you. Now that I'm here at Judge Cuts, I have to do even better on this performance. I think this song is, like, the hardest song I've ever done. I brought Uni with me. Uni's, like, my good luck charm for singing. Uni was with me on my first audition, and I really hope she gives good luck to me in this performance too 'cause she's, like, you know, magical. Are you ready for this next act, Universal Studios? [cheers and applause] Oh, my gosh, I love her so much. Hi. I remember you. I remember you too. [laughter] So just tell us who you are again, please, and where you're from. Emanne from Northport, Florida. And just remind us how old you are. Ten. [audience gasps] Well, you know what? All the young kids on the show this year are literally killing it. You had a great first audition. We're all rooting for you. Good luck, and I hope the next three minutes changes your life. Thank you. [cheers and applause] [operatic music begins] ♪ ♪ [singing in Italian] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh, my God. ♪ ♪ [music crescendos] ♪ ♪ [wild cheering] [Rachel Platten's "Better Place"] ♪ ♪ Incredible. ♪ I'll tell the world, I'll sing a song ♪ ♪ It's a better place since you came along ♪ You're only ten years old, and we are seeing acts come out here, and they're sweating, and they're not performing to par. They're not stepping it up, and they're double your age, and then you come out here. Yeah. And you show them how it's done. Whoo! That's really nice. Thank you. Thank you so much. ♪ Oh all the love that you bring ♪ And the fact that you are-- you're just, like, such a normal person, and to have a voice like this, it's not something you can train to get. It genuinely is a gift. Thank you. Just the fact that from a child comes an honesty and a truth. I mean, it's-- I feel like I'm a witness to something extremely special, and at some point in my career people will say, "What do you remember most?" "I remember hitting the Golden Buzzer." [gasps] [rising cheers] ♪ I see the whole world in your eyes ♪ ♪ It's like I've known you all my life ♪ ♪ We just feel so right ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ So I pour my heart into your hands ♪ She got it. ♪ You love the way I am ♪ Thank you so much! ♪ And I hold my favorite thing ♪ ♪ I hold the happiness you bring ♪ Hi, mom. Hi! [indistinct talking] Emanne, you are going straight to the lives! It's very well-deserved. Thanks, thanks. Thank you so much. Thank Jay Leno. Your Golden Buzzer. ♪ It's a better place since you came along ♪ ♪ It's a better place since you came along ♪ Whoo! Hey! [laughter and cheers] Wow. ♪ ♪ I actually thought I knew who was gonna go through. I've completely changed my mind already. Yeah? I think this is gonna be harder than I thought. Yeah? Yeah. You gotta get it guys. Six spots left, and we getting one. Six spots for us. One is ours. Yeah. ♪ It's a better place since you came along ♪ ♪ ♪ You make us feel like anything is possible. You've nailed it. You're hilarious, and you're naughty. This is the end of the journey for you here. . Jay, now, you've had some time to see a few acts. What are your thoughts? You know, it's been a lot of fun. One thing I like about this show is everybody here is talented. It's just some are more talented than others, and that's the part that makes it exciting, and that's the part that makes it hard. Well, look, there is a lot of pressure for the contestants tonight. This season's winner will walk away with $1 million and a headline show at the Paris Las Vegas Hotel & Casino. Even thinking about it, my palms are sweaty. Well, you're a magician. You can make that disappear, right? I wish. [laughter] My name is Eric Chien, I'm 26, and I'm a magician from Houston, Texas. My first audition, I was terrified. Here on "AGT" magic is king. Knowing that Shin Lim won last year made me nervous because I have to take it a step further than him. [cheers and applause] You don't have to compare yourself to anybody. Whoa! I think you're one of the best we've ever had. Just six months ago, I was only performing for friends, but now thousands of people have seen me perform my magic. Oh, [bleep], millions. All right, Universal Studios, we're set for the next act. All right, here we go, gang. Here we go. Tonight the act I'm doing is one of my favorite acts, and I am really excited to show America. There's so much pressure and there's so much competition, but I only got one chance to make it to the live shows, so I will definitely give it my all. [cheers and applause] Oh! Oh, I remember him. This guy's an amazing magician. Welcome back. Thank you. Do you want to introduce yourself, please? My name is Eric Chien, and I am a magician. Okay, well, you had an amazing first audition. I don't want to give anything else away. Just do your stuff. Thank you. Good luck. All right. [cheers and applause] Now, there's a saying that imagination is the only weapon in the war against reality. How powerful is our imagination, really? Now, tonight I'd like to test this out. Jay, can I borrow your hand? My hand? Yes. Yes, there you go. Perfect. I'll place four coins in your hand. All right. Now close your hand. With your other hand, I want you to imagine just placing one coin into my hand. Perfect. Now, that was all just part of your imagination, right? Right. But if you really believed it, you will see it will become a reality. There's a coin in my hand, but if you slowly open yours, you can see there's only three coins left in your hand. [cheers and applause] Very good. Got me. I'd like to take this a little further. [gentle dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [audience oohs] Whoa. ♪ ♪ Wow. ♪ ♪ What? Whoa! ♪ ♪ Oh, what? ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] Jay, can I borrow your hand? Yeah. Perfect. Here, don't move. Everyone, come closer. Watch. ♪ ♪ And see, it turns back into ink, but not only that, you can see everything was just part of your imagination. Look at that, they disappeared. This is a gift to you guys. What? Wow. [wild cheering] That was great. Fantastic. Oh, my goodness. ♪ I'll tell you a story ♪ ♪ Before it tells itself ♪ ♪ I lay out all my reasons ♪ ♪ You'll say that I need help ♪ ♪ ♪ That was excellent. Thank you. Bloody hell, Eric. Julianne? You have this, like, wonderment about you. You make all of us feel like anything is possible. Thank you so much. Oh, my gosh, it was amazing. ♪ And I say yeah-eah ♪ I think it was more spectacular. You were less nervous than your original audition. Yeah. So I feel that you have upped your game, and I want to fight for you to be one of the six remaining acts that can go through. Please. Thank you so much. [cheers and applause] Eric, I mean, I actually, along with my son Eric, we do believe in things like magic, and when I see that two feet away from me, it's not a trick, you know? You have to believe. I would say I think the close-up stuff is great for a while, but then if you really want to go to Vegas, you've gotta be able to do something big. I think you've got a shot, but it's just one of these nights where people have stepped up better than I thought, so we'll see what happens later, so good luck. Thank you. ♪ And I say yeah-eah ♪ ♪ ♪ That was great. How are we gonna pick six people? ♪ Yeah-eah ♪ . All right, here we go. Yeah. Okay. [cheers and applause] Oh, the Voices of Service. Oh, they blew me away last time. Welcome back, guys. Thank you. Okay, well, let's start, because we have a new audience, please introduce yourselves. Good evening. Master Sergeant Caleb Green, United States Army, retired. [cheers and applause] I'm Jason Leon Hanna, Sergeant First Class, United States Army, active duty. [cheers and applause] I'm Sergeant Major Christal Rheams, United States Army, active duty. [cheers and applause] I am Staff Sergeant, retired, Ron Henry, United States Army, and we are Voices of Service. Fantastic. ♪ But still I rise ♪ ♪ This is no mistake no ♪ We're using this platform to show what music can do as therapy for service men and women who are coping with post-traumatic stress. ♪ Think again ♪ Your message is amazing. You've got great talent. You've got 4,000 yeses. Whoo! [cheers and applause] We were emotional because our dream finally felt within reach. We go into hospitals, using music to inspire those veterans on a recovery journey. Personally, we all have suffered our share of traumatic experiences. I got back from Iraq in 2004. It took me ten years to realize that I had PTSD. In my mind, I'm still in Iraq. You can't-- you can't do it alone, and music can help all of us heal. We're here to spread that message to everybody. It's so gratifying to use my voice to help other people get through what they've been through. Getting to the Dolby Theatre would be wonderful, so we need to get there, and we need to be there. Yes. Yes, we are ready. I know that we help people, and that, to me, that's what I live for every day. [cheers and applause] So tell me why this is important to you, what your ambitions are. The song that we're singing tonight, we really wanna take a moment to dedicate it to our brothers and sisters whose voices have been silenced, who could not find peace on this side. Good for you. [cheers and applause] All right, well, good luck. We're all rooting for you. [cheers and applause] She has an amazing voice. What's that? Amazing. She has an amazing voice. ["See You Again" begins] ♪ ♪ ♪ It's been a long day ♪ ♪ Without you my friend ♪ ♪ And I'll tell you all about it ♪ ♪ When I see you again ♪ ♪ We've come a long way from where we began ♪ ♪ And I'll tell you all about it ♪ ♪ When I see you again ♪ ♪ I really don't know how to tell you ♪ ♪ Without feeling much worse ♪ ♪ I know you're in a better place ♪ ♪ But it's always gonna hurt ♪ ♪ Carry on ♪ ♪ Give me all the strength I need ♪ ♪ It's been a long day ♪ ♪ Without you my friend ♪ ♪ And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again ♪ ♪ So let the light guide your way ♪ ♪ Let it guide your way ♪ ♪ Take every memory as you go ♪ ♪ And every road you take ♪ ♪ Will always lead you home ♪ ♪ Home ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ We've come a long way ♪ ♪ From where we began ♪ ♪ And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again ♪ ♪ When I see you again ♪ ♪ When I see you again ♪ ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ["Rise" begins] ♪ I won't just survive ♪ ♪ Oh you will see me thrive ♪ ♪ Can't write my story ♪ Aww. Gabrielle? First, thank you for your service. Thank you for your sacrifice. [cheers and applause] I think a lot of people often forget that after we say thank you for your service, there's real life, and there's trauma, so your voices inspire. They heal. They provide hope. So thank you for being the warriors that you are. Thank you. Jay? Well, I think it's great that you're here, and I can tell that it just comes from the heart. Yep. And you really are healers, singing for men and women in hospital beds, so I just want to thank you so much for that, and thank you for your beautiful voices. Thank you. Well said. Yeah, we really like you guys as people, genuinely. Thank you, Simon. All of your voices, by the way, are amazing, but Christal, I mean, your voice is phenomenal. I mean, seriously. But if you make it through to the next round, you have to do something which is gonna top that, and I think together we can do that. So this was a great audition. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you so much. Howie? Along with everybody, thank you for your service, and thank you for making it tougher on us tonight. Thank you. Good luck. Thank you. ♪ I rise ♪ ♪ This is no mistake, no accident ♪ ♪ When you think the final nail ♪ That was--it was like night and day. ♪ Think again ♪ ♪ Don't be surprised ♪ ♪ Rise ♪ . All right, Universal Studios, our last two acts of the night! Okay, so first up is comedian Jonathan Burns. Yep. This guy made me laugh. The first time he came out of the suitcase, remember? Yeah, here he comes. What? Where? Here he comes. ♪ Everyone's watching ♪ ♪ To see what you will do ♪ ♪ Everyone's look at you ♪ Hey. Welcome back, Jonathan Burns. For those of us just getting to know you... I love it. The confetti. Tell us where you're from and what you do for a living. I am from Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and I perform strange and unusual tricks for a living. ♪ Everybody's working for the weekend ♪ Talent is about making people have a great time. That's what you do. I think we all are so pumped to see what you're gonna do. Take it away. I will need somebody to help me out, my gym buddy, Mr. Terry Crews, everybody. ♪ Crack that whip ♪ [whispered] Let's do this. ♪ Give the past a slip ♪ ♪ Step on a crack ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ When a problem comes along you must whip it ♪ ♪ Before the cream sits out too long ♪ [buzzer] Ohh. ♪ Now whip it ♪ ♪ It's not too late to whip it ♪ ♪ Whip it good ♪ A little whipped cream on your fingers here. [buzzer] Okay, uh... ♪ When a problem comes along you must whip it ♪ Great, hang out right there. I'm gonna be over here. Okay, everybody, drum roll. ♪ Try to detect it ♪ ♪ It's not too late ♪ Yeah! Open it up, open it up! Ahh! Ahh! Give it up for Terry Crews, everybody. [cheers and applause] Just Terry, Terry. Oh, yeah. Thank you. Thank you. I'm gonna wipe off. Oh, no. Let's start with Simon. Oh, great, thank you. I don't know what to say other than it was just awful. Unfortunately, it wasn't your night tonight, but we're still fans, so we will be debating later on tonight. Thank you. Thank you. [cheers and applause] I think the pressure is making people make really bad decisions. Bad choices. Yeah, that one did nothing for me. Nothing. You know what I'm most nervous about? Jay Leno has not been warming up to any of the comedians so far. I mean, afterwards his face looks like he's kinda disappointed. All right, Jackie, you ready to go to stage? To do what? Performance. Oh, that? Okay. All right, let's go. Let me get my-- let me get my flask. I mean, I'm joking. Good luck. Thank you. ♪ I'm every woman ♪ I'm Jackie Fabulous. I am in my 40s, all you need to know. ♪ Anything you want done baby ♪ I am a comedian. It's getting darker. Hey! And I want the rest of the world to know that too. Lights, no lights, I can still keep talking. [laughs] You know, I went to law school. I'm a lawyer. Oh-oh. When I left the field of law to work as a comic-- Were your parent supportive? No. They're like, "Why are you doing this to your life?" My Jamaican mother wants me to lose weight. She's like, "Lord have mercy, you're fat. What you eating, people?" Four yeses, Jackie. Thank you. [cheers and applause] In the 19 years that I have been in L.A., this is my mother's third time to visit me. My mother still tells friends, "My daughter works in the legal field." [laughs] Now she's here for only one purpose, and that' s to watch me perform. If I don't do well, she'll be like, "Well, I told you." It would require therapy. [laughs] ♪ I'm every woman ♪ ♪ It's all in me ♪ Yes! Hey again. Welcome. Hello. I missed you guys. We missed you more. Did you bring anyone here with you tonight? You know what? My mommy is here. She's in the audience. Oh, there's mom. There's mom. Mommy! Oh, my God. [cheers and applause] Oh, my g--she--she has never been to a show, seen me perform ever, so this is-- Ever? Ever, ever. This is it? This is it. Does she know you're a comedian? In her mind I'm unemployed. She has no clue. She has no clue. No pressure. Without further ado, good luck. All right, thanks so much. I'm really happy to be here. I'm happy to be anywhere where I could avoid my Jamaican mom's useless crime updates. She's in New York. I'm in L.A. She calls me daily with news that never applies to me. She like, "Jacqueline, there's a burglar in Fresno. Be careful." I said, "Mommy, I live in L.A., five hours away." "He can get in his car and come and get you." I said, "Mommy, if he's cute and single "and wants to drive that far, he don't gotta break in. I'll let him in, you know what I'm saying?" I'm a New Yorker, not really used to how nice you Californians are. You're really nice. At the cashier at ever store, every cashier, they ask the same question, like, "Did you find all you wanted okay, ma'am?" I'm like, obviously, I'm at the cashier. If I wasn't done, I'd be in the back looking at moisturizers. Why you crying? And you can't have a bag in this state anymore. The same cashier, "Do you want a bag?" I'm like, "I just gave you a Costco-sized box of tampons, "four bottles of wine, and candy. "Of course I want a damn bag. Everyone in the parking lot in my business?" I tried to lose weight the L.A. way by doing the cleanse, the juice--who does the juice cleanse, the veggie cleanse? It works, right? I bought a juicer on a weight loss website. My first juice ever, I juiced kale and cucumber with spinach and celery, and I would rather have diabetes. It's the nastiest thing. [laughter and cheers] Making love in L.A., the men in L.A., they want to talk about their feelings a lot during you know what, and that's the wrong time, you know what I'm saying? Stop asking questions during se--let's have a good time. We'll talk tomorrow, okay? Here's a-- here's a lesson, guys. If you're a good man and you make good money and you have a good job and you take care of your kids and you take care of your mom and you love the lord and you respect women too, guess what? You're not the best lover she's ever had. You understand? Are you confused? I'll help you out. Most ladies will agree-- and when I say most, I mean all, every race, every age of female agrees the best lover that we ever had don't have a driver's license or a credit card or a debit card or a bank account or a car or a full-time job or a full-size mattress or furniture or food in the fridge. You want a man with a college degree? You are so cute. He didn't finish high school. Forget school. He's unmarryable, but he's always available, and he is what, ladies? The best lover we've all ever had. You know it's true. Can I get a amen? Amen! all: Amen! And that's my time. Thank you so much. Ohh! Jackie Fabulous! Thank you. Thank you, guys. ♪ Best of my love, oh-oh ♪ ♪ Oh, you've got the best of my love ♪ ♪ ♪ Jackie, once again-- once again from the door you had us laughing. Howie, let's start with you. Oh, wow, well, your mom's here seeing you for the first time. How proud are you? What a waste of six years of college! [cheers and applause] No more! She's a comic! Whoo! Yeah. Jay? I don't think that law degree's wasted at all. You made eye contact with your jury. Hey. No, no, it's true. All good comedy is economy of words. Get to the point as quickly as you can. That law degree was not wasted because you-- you did a good job, you did a good job. Thank you, Jay. Thank you so much. [laughs] Simon? Well, I've gotta be honest with you. I found it hilarious because I'm now listening to your act as your mom for the first time. Whoa, no wonder you haven't invited her to any shows. [laughter] You're hilarious, and you're very naughty, Jackie, very. Jackie, we've got six spots to fill and a lot of talented people. Congrats. You made it really tough. Thank you guys so much. Thank you. Thank you. ♪ The best of my love ♪ She's funny. She's good, she's good. I thought it was funny how you stood up and-- I thought you were hiding who you are. You actually wanted the world to see you? That's a tough decision. There's so many. There's a couple I don't agree with you on. We're gonna fight. Oh, we're gonna have such a punch-up. We really are. Knockdown, drag-out. All of you had amazing auditions, but only six of you will be going to the Dolby. Oh, my heart. I might cry. . So Jay, we have 18 acts. You've given a Golden Buzzer. Right. And we have to put six more to go through to the live shows. So when we actually look at the acts, though, I feel like this act is much more of a performance than this. Nope. No. No. No? Are you kidding me? No, I mean, this was pretty moving. Oh, my gosh, just to get, you know, one of those six spots would just absolutely be just a dream come true. You want to lose this? I mean, I don't want to lose any of them, but I think not as strong as the others. Who wants to say no to them? I'll say no. I wanna say no. Everybody but you. Everybody. If I make it to the live shows, everything I've been working on for the last 13 years will completely be worth it. I think she's the weakest one. [gasps] I agree. I'm with Simon. So between these three. Pure ability, nobody better. If I don't make the lives, I'll be absolutely devastated. but I truly feel like it's anyone's game. Six, we got it? Yeah, we got it. Jay, can I just say genuinely, thank you. Well, thank you, thanks for having me. It was a real thrill. I really enjoyed it. No, it's an honor. I really mean that, and you're a great guy. Well, thank you. Thank you very much. The judges have made their final decisions. Will the following act please come with me to the stage? Voices of Service. ♪ So lost the line had been crossed ♪ ♪ Had a voice, had a voice but I could not talk ♪ Voices of Service, you know that we are fans, but there are so many talented acts that have come and also stepped up their game. We have deliberated over who is gonna make it to the live shows, and we have come to a conclusion. ♪ ♪ Y'all are through! ♪ I don't care if I sing off-key ♪ ♪ I find myself in my melodies ♪ We are so, so proud of you, and we need more. We need more. We need more. Thank you so much. Well, thank you for nearly giving me a heart attack. Yeah! Voices of Service! We are so filled with joy, and we are so excited, and we're just looking forward to the challenge. We're ready to go. I love magic. This show loves magic, but I think last year Shin set a bar which is making it harder for everybody, including you. We only had room for one of you. ♪ I don't wanna die ♪ Eric, you're going on to the live shows. ♪ And I don't care if I sing off-key ♪ ♪ I find myself in my melodies ♪ I thought the quality of pretty much everyone was a step up apart from you two. I thought you were both terrible, and that's why it's a no. Thank you though. Oh, really? Okay, thank you guys so much. No worries. It was awesome. Let's do it again. Oh, we're doing it again? No, no, no, no, no. Oh, we're doing it again. I thought we did it. Okay. No, you know, let's learn from this. Thank you guys so much, seriously. ♪ There's a scream inside ♪ Callie Day, this is a big year, and I will tell you honestly, you were a bone of contention. We argued, and we-- we ended with the decision that this is the end of the journey for you here. I am so sorry, Callie. Thank you so much for being part of it. It's disappointing. I'm not gonna lie about it. It's very disappointing. Ugh, my heart. You're gonna have your good days and your bad days, but I'm gonna sing through them. Marina, Victor, only one of you is going through to the live show. ♪ ♪ Marina, that's you. Victor, I'm sorry. ♪ Do you think about me ♪ I'm just so excited. There's so many feelings inside me, and I can't really describe it. Hi, Charlotte. Hi, Nicholas. I think you both had amazing auditions, but actually, only one of you is going through to the Dolby. The person going through... ♪ ♪ is Charlotte. And Nicholas, I'm really, really sorry. ♪ 'Cause I need to know ♪ ♪ Do you think about us ♪ I just want to say thank you for your joy and your energy, but this has honestly been the hardest day for us. I want to just cut to the chase. We're not gonna be able to put you through this next round. Sorry, guys. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. I am not cut out for this. I just know what it feels like. Hey, we do too, come on. It was a hard decision. It really, really was. Jackie Fabulous. Hi, Howie. I don't think people understand what a struggle it is to be funny. You kinda told us that story, even your own mother has never called you a comedian. I will tell you that I personally love every moment of watching you, but Jackie, I'm sorry, you're gonna have to write more material 'cause you're going to the live shows. ♪ Do you think about me ♪ You are very naughty, Howie. Someone's nauseous. [laughter] I gotta give you a hug though. You're gonna touch me? Yeah, I think you're so funny. Oh, my goodness. Never touched me, he hasn't touched me in ten years. [laughter, indistinct talking] Oh, my gosh I literally was crying. I was back there like, "Howie, how could you do this, Howie?" I love her so much. I'm on the live shows. Are you kidding? Yes. Everybody you know is gonna see me. Aww. It's gonna be a great thing or the worst thing in the world. [groans] [laughs] My knees are shaking. Oh, really? Aww. Jordan, Benicio, let's start with the really good news, which is both of your auditions we thought were amazing. The not-so-good news is we've put through six people already, which means we have one place left. I don't want to look. This has been very, very difficult for me, what I'm about to say. [sucks teeth] Something's bothering me. Can you just go backstage for a moment? Me? Both of you, please. I want to talk to these guys. Okay. What are you doing? What do you think is going on? I have no idea. I'm so nervous though. Is this something that you want to change your mind on? I don't know. Really? I don't know. I was shocked when he said that. Just I'm shaking right now. Okay. Come back out, guys. ♪ Need to know do you think about me ♪ Oh, my heart. I can't take it. I might cry. I really apologize. It's okay. Okay, the person going through... ♪ 'Cause I need to know ♪ It's Benicio. ♪ Do you think about us ♪ And Jordan, I am gutted. In fact, we're all gutted. Yeah. ♪ Should I stay or go ♪ I'm so proud of you, man. ♪ 'Cause I need to know ♪ Benicio. [laughs] Thank you so much. The fact that I get to go on to the live rounds, I'm just so emotional, I'm so excited. He could be really great. I made it through. [laughter] Yes. ♪ Need to know ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 