America's Got Talent: Season 14, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America's Got Talent 
 s14e9 - Judge Cuts 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America's Got Talent (2006–…): Season 14, Episode 9 - Judge Cuts 2 - full transcript 
 NBA superstar Dwyane Wade joins the panel as a guest judge and gets the opportunity to send an act directly to the Live Shows with a Golden Buzzer; contestants have one last chance to ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Tonight, the stakes are so much higher. This is the hardest part of the competition. ♪ I'd do it for the glory ♪ Whoa! Everybody was freaking out, wow. ♪ Do it for the glory, oh-oh-oh ♪ You are just memorable and deserve a spot on this show. ♪ ♪ Oh! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [squeals] I'm gonna be really honest with you. It left me with nothing. I don't think I'm gonna be fighting for you at the end. What would you do? Would you put them through? [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ I wanted to become a judge precisely for this moment. You have made it through to the live shows at the Dolby Digital Theatre, and you're so close to winning and headlining shows in Vegas. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ ♪ I'd do it for the glory ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ ♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, I'd do it for the glory ♪ ♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ Welcome to "America's Got Talent" Judge Cuts! We're at Universal Studios in Los Angeles, and now, tonight's guest judge, 13-time NBA all-star and three-time NBA champion, Dwyane Wade! ♪ Welcome to my house ♪ ♪ Baby, take control now ♪ ♪ We can't even slow down ♪ ♪ We don't have to go out ♪ ♪ Welcome to my house ♪ Guy's, like, one of the biggest basketball stars of all time, so now I'm nervous. How excited are you to be here, my man? Well, since I just retired, now I'm not gonna get that ovation no more. I want to do that walk-out again. Like, that was... [laughter] I felt like I was at Madison Square Garden right there, you know? Now, tonight, you are going to be judging with your lovely wife, Gabrielle. [laughs] Has she been giving you some tips on how to judge? You know her, right? Terry, you know her, right? Yeah. No, I'm very excited, obviously. I have--I've been watching the show for so many years from my couch, so to be here as a judge, I'm excited. I'm just happy to be here. All right. This is when the competition gets serious. Simon, do you want to talk about what's gonna happen? There are 18 acts. Seven out of the 18 go to the Dolby, which is a massive step up. In terms of everyone sitting here today, if you agree with us, great. If you disagree, let us know. You got a big job ahead of you guys. Dr. Dwyane, tonight, you have your very own Golden Buzzer, my man. [vocalizes] Listen, if you fall in love with any act at any time, you press that buzzer. It sends them straight to the live, man. One time? Just once. ♪ Welcome to my house ♪ ♪ Play that music too loud ♪ Is everyone ready to get this show started? [cheers and applause] All right, let's do this. It's Judge Cuts! Whoo! Oh, boy. Here we go. All right, guys, take your seats. First act is coming out. Yeah, I feel low. I'll help you. Can you help me? [audience cheers] Do you think he's taller than me? No. Do you think he's taller than the other guy that smashes the melons? No. [Queen's "You're My Best Friend"] My name is Kawaljit Singh. My name is Jagdeep Singh. My name is Karamjit Singh, and we are a performing group from India. [laughs] [laughs] You no--you don't got it. ♪ Ooh, you make me live ♪ We are very good friends. Yeah. We are good friends. We are best friends, actually. [laughs] When we are not performing, we love to gather at one place to gossip, and we like to go to the shopping. We have a lot of fun. We purchase some stuff for our group. [cheers and applause] Oh. For the first audition, we were so excited to perform in front of the honorable Simon Cowell. I love you so much, I want to give you your first yes. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. Impressing Simon is a proud moment for us. [high-pitched laughing] [indistinct chatter] ♪ My best friend ♪ We are going to bring something more dangerous this time. Wait, wait, wait, more dangerous? Yeah. All right, 15 seconds. Here we go. We have to step it up, so we think that-- how can we do it better? That looks a little different. You need to have a block of ice. I don't remember the pointy thing. Here we go. The live shows of "America's Got Talent" is the ultimate dream. We will not let Simon Cowell down tonight. [cheers and applause] ♪ Ooh, you're my best friend ♪ ♪ ♪ All of a sudden, you're not so tall. [laughter] Oh, my gosh. Welcome back, guys. Good evening, honorable judges. Where are you from? We are from India. It's a danger act, right? It's a danger act. Yes, it's very dangerous. How tall are you? I'm 7'6". 7'6"? Come here for a second. Stand next to him. Come here, come here, come here. Oh, my gosh. Whoa. Oh! I'm a big fan of you. Thank you. Appreciate it. [laughter] He put his hands on your hip and whispered to you. What did he say? [laughter] I can't say what he said. Okay. I can't wait to see what you're gonna do. Okay, good luck. Thank you. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ No, no, no. Oh! ♪ ♪ Don't try this at home! Whoa! Oh! Brilliant. [cheers and applause] Okay. [laughter] ♪ ♪ Oh, no. Oh! [hammer clinking] Oh. No more. Oh! Oh! [heartbeat thumping] What's he doing now? No! No! Oh! Oh! Uh-oh, uh-oh. Is he okay? ♪ ♪ Don't try this at home or anywhere. What in the hell is happening? Not on his head. [laughs] Oh! No, no! [screams] Oh, no. No. Oh, my God. No, please. ♪ ♪ Oh. [Joe Esposito's "You're the Best"] ♪ ♪ ♪ You're the best around ♪ ♪ Nothing's gonna ever keep you down ♪ ♪ You're the best around ♪ ♪ Nothing's gonna ever ♪ Oh, yup. Well, you just turned up the heat. [laughs] Yeah. I want to go to Dwyane first. [laughter] Good luck, Dwyane. Welcome to "America's Got Talent." Well, you... [laughs softly] It's entertaining, you know? It's unique. Y'all taking us on this emotional roller-coaster, like, of danger, of passion, of, I wanna be one of y'all. Like, can y'all just be my friends? Like, can we travel together? Definitely, sir. All right. Why not? Respect. We will feel--feel proud. all: Aww. You gotta learn the thing, though, babe. You gotta hit the thing. Ah. Yeah. ♪ Around, nothing's gonna ever ♪ Right now, it looks, you know, like there's some wetness on your pants. I think I'm matching you right now. Yes. It was pretty awesome in a freaky-deaky sort of way. Thank you, ma'am. Thank you very much. Watching you guys, I don't trust that you're gonna not hit him in the face and break his nose or his cojones over there. Like, I think everybody in this audience was freaking out, wow. Thank you, ma'am. Thank you. [laughs] What is this? What is this? What are you? [laughter] It doesn't matter, Howie. It's melons, nuts, whatever, ice. It doesn't matter. Melons and nuts sounds like a completely different show. [laughter] You've got amazing personalities, you three. It's so crazy, so nutty. You having coconuts smashed on your coconuts. [laughs] Does that make sense? [laughter] We only have seven acts we can put through, and it is difficult because there is a lot at stake here. I mean, you can only see this on this show. Thank you, sir. Thank you. ♪ Nothing ♪ ♪ You're the best around ♪ ♪ Nothing ♪ Guys, how are you feeling right now? Feeling quite excited. male announcer: Coming up... Ah, you all made it. Wow, wow, wow! You're not messing around tonight, are you? I wanted to become a judge precisely for this moment. Whoo! You deserve a spot on this show. This is y'all house. ♪ ♪ . You having fun tonight, Universal Studios? Let me hear you. [cheers and applause] ♪ Welcome to the show ♪ Oh. Okay. My adrenaline is, like, ahh! It's super close. You can look in their eyes. Here we go. Grab your seats. Here we go! We have dreamed of this. all: We have dreamed of this. We are reaching our goals. all: We are reaching our goals. We are... all: GFORCE. We are... all: GFORCE! We are... all: ♪ GFORCE always up in your face ♪ Hey! Our audition was insane. Tears of joy. all: ♪ Here we go, man ♪ Simon, last time, liked our performance, but-- The only thing I would say is this. It's all about being authentic. We should be learning from you, not the other way round, so you have to be the bosses now. This round, we really wanna show Simon that we are-- all: We are-- The boss. Hi, my name is Simon Cowell. [laughter, chatter] We really wanna step it up from last time. So for this round, we rehearsed-- all: Every single day. GFORCE, you guys ready to go? ♪ Always, always, we could be ♪ Our songs this time are a little more personal. It's about Simon, but it's also about our experience last time. Well, you can't get more personal than that. [laughter] This group is really cute. I've seen them in the back. They just kept going like this. There's one whose swag is nuts. Swag is crazy? Making it to the live shows could change our life forever. We want to be the next One Direction. Spice Girls, little bit. Like, they're touring around the world now, and we hope-- And we hope to do that. Yeah. Here we go, five, four, three. all: [shouting excitedly] ♪ You and me ♪ [bright pop music] [laughs] Yes. How are you? all: Good, how are you? [laughs] I'm really good, thank you. Just remind me and everyone else, who are you, and why are you here tonight? Well, we are GFORCE. We're from Toronto, Canada. Whoo! [cheers and applause] And we have an original song prepared. Right. Last time you said we need to be our own bosses, and this round, we really wanna show you that we are the bosses. And we always have been. Good. Yeah. "And always have been." That's what I wanted to hear. You are the bosses. Great. So what's the song called? Well, it's called "Simon Says." [laughter] I'm excited to hear this song. That's all I have to say. Are you ready? I hope so. [laughter] Well, look, there's about a million judges in here tonight. This is important, so good luck. all: Thank you. [cheers and applause] [exhales] [bright music plays] ♪ ♪ ♪ It's kinda cool how you say what you think ♪ ♪ Instinct is everything that we have, see? ♪ ♪ It's everything that we wanna be ♪ ♪ We're not gonna be phonies ♪ ♪ 'Cause honesty's what we're gonna keep ♪ ♪ So we start a bit early ♪ ♪ Wake up every day, be fast, but don't hurry ♪ ♪ Last time we were here, it was all a bit blurry ♪ ♪ But everybody told us, it's okay, don't worry ♪ ♪ If Simon says that was a catastrophe ♪ ♪ Or if Simon says that was absolutely diluted ♪ ♪ Honestly horrific ♪ ♪ Absolutely, categorically, no ♪ ♪ But if Simon says ♪ all: ♪ Yes, then we're gonna jump ♪ ♪ Hey, hey ♪ ♪ Yes, then we're gonna jump ♪ ♪ Do something Simon says ♪ Whoo! all: ♪ Yes, then we're gonna jump ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, Simon says ♪ ♪ Jump, just jump ♪ ♪ Just jump, jump, jump ♪ ♪ I love all my friends ♪ all: ♪ They're super cool ♪ ♪ But it feels a bit weird ♪ all: ♪ Going right back to school ♪ ♪ 'Cause this is all secret, we can all feel it ♪ all: ♪ What if we win? ♪ ♪ Then what does that mean? ♪ ♪ It's gonna change everything, everything, everything ♪ ♪ 'Cause what if Simon says ♪ [energetic music plays] Yes! What? all: ♪ What ♪ Oh, that's hot. That's hot. all: ♪ Yes, then we're gonna jump ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, if Simon says ♪ ♪ Jump, just jump ♪ ♪ Yo, wait, let's see what Simon says ♪ [cheers and applause] [victorious music] ♪ ♪ If that was, like, the standard... [laughs] We have to bring it, girl. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Gabrielle? Okay, the reason I wanted to become a judge on "America's Got Talent" is precisely for this moment. Thank you. Like, what made me an even bigger fan is when you said, "We are our own bosses, and always have been." Thank you. You had me at hello. ♪ ♪ Dwyane, what do you think? You guys are incredible. The swag-- all: Thank you. The confidence, the attitude. Like, whatever y'all are selling, I'm buying it. all: Thank you. Howie? Listen, you're adorable. You're good dancers. You're good singers, but if I've gotta be totally honest with you, I couldn't hear a word. All I heard was, "Simon says and jump." I didn't feel that this performance had the same impact as your first. I don't think it was enough. [audience boos] What is Simon gonna say? ♪ ♪ I have a real pet hate with groups who are told what to say, everything's rehearsed. It never, ever works because it's all about authenticity, but having said that, I think this is a way, way better audition than the first time. [cheers and applause] Thank you. But are going to see a lot of amazing talent here tonight. Only seven can go through, so good luck. Thank you. See you later. We'll see you later. Thank you so much! ♪ ♪ You could tell when they were singing about going back to school, it was their actual reaction, like, what they were thinking. I just thought it was a group of friends having fun. That's what this looked like. It looks fun to me. ♪ ♪ . You guys ready for another one? Oh, here we go. What do you think Dwyane Wade's looking for? This is the first time an athlete has been the guest judge. Dwyane, I'm telling you. Energy's great. It's great energy. You think he's looking for, like, skill, or do you think he's looking for, like, charisma? Probably both. Oh, a little of both? [cheers and applause] Just help me remember your name again, please? My name's Olivia Calderon. Okay, now, seven places. We're all rooting for you. Good luck. Thank you. [sings passionately in Spanish] Whoo! You are meant to be on the stage. Oh, thank you. [singing in Spanish] [wild cheering] This room is on its feet right now. Look who's standing up and look who's sitting down. What do you think, Dwyane? You have a amazing voice, you could tell in moments, but it wasn't my thing. It's not your cup of tea? But it could be your shot of tequila. [cheers and applause] See you later. Thank you. Gracias. No one like her. No. And she sang it beautifully. Beautifully. It was-- it was too safe for me. All right, get ready for the next act, folks. I want you to like me. Like me, Dwyane Wade. I like you though. I don't--I don't care. You're not Dwyane Wade. My name is Dom Chambers. I'm 26, and I do magic. It can be difficult living life as a full-time magician. I was once hired to perform magic at a funeral. What did you say when you got the booking? I said, "How much?" [laughter] Going into the first round, I was nervous. Beer, yes! And another, come on! But it probably couldn't have gone better. Everybody likes beers, right? You, I'm gonna remember. Thank you so much. Magic is moving away from the rabbits and the doves. I want to bring freshness and coolness to the world of magic. Dwyane, let's shoot some hoops! But now there's a fifth judge, so I can't get too comfortable. Let me see your form. [basketball net whooshes] Oh, no, no, no, no. That wasn't it. So for the second round, I've come up with something bigger and better. All righty, here we go, folks. Here we go. I like this next guy. I liked his first audition. What I bring has got to prove that I belong in the live shows. [cheers and applause] Hello. Hey. How are you, Dom? I'm really good. I'm really happy to be here. Thanks for having me back. How did you prepare for this time around? You know what? It's round two. You gotta step it up, and if this goes well tonight, I know that it will all have been worth it, so it means a lot. It means a lot is what I'm trying to say. It really does. All right, well, with that being said, let's see what you got. Folks, round one was all about the beers, but this is Judges' Cuts. We're moving up in the world, so it's time for a cocktail, and Julianne, you get to decide what it's going to be. Please take this cocktail list. Amazing. Have a look there and just think of any one, okay? And so you can't change your mind. Please just take that and draw a nice, big circle around your choice. Simon can see, but don't let me see. Got it. Okay. Okay, once you're done, put that down. You can remember that. My assistant is gonna get back to that very shortly. Oh, and by assistant, I don't mean, you know, the beautiful lady in a sparkly red dress. That's a little outdated, if you ask me. I think my assistant is a little more up with the times. Her name? Siri. Isn't she adorable? Have a look at her. I made the dress myself. [laughter] [iPhone blipping] Hi, Siri. This outfit is humiliating and completely ugly. Take it off, you idiot. [laughter] I thought it looked nice. Okay, we'll ditch the dress. [quirky music] Whoo, whoo! How does it feel to remove a lady's clothes for the first time in three years? [laughter] How do you even know that? Your Internet history makes it very clear. [laughs] Fair enough. Anyway, it's time for some magic. Right. Simon, please name any number between one and ten. Seven. Seven. Thanks, gorgeous. Now, the burly man with the chiseled good looks and the incredible triceps. Oh, that's definitely Howie. Yes, that's the one. Sorry, Dwyane. Please name any suit-- hearts, clubs, spades, or diamonds. Hearts. Hearts. So that would be the seven of hearts. Now what? Great. Check this out. Amazing. There it is, your card, folded up. Uh, how do we know that? Go on. Take it. [crowd chatters] Wow. So that was the seven of-- seven of-- Hearts. If this is the seven of hearts, I'm going to lose my mind. It's the seven of hearts. Unbelievable. Wow, that is... [cheers and applause] What? That was hot. Let's get to the good stuff. Okay. Julianne, what is the drink that you are thinking of? What drink are you thinking of? Tequila sunrise. Nice choice. Coming up. [liquid pouring] Yeah, okay. I guess that kind of looks a little bit like a tequila... No. No. Tequila sunrise? What? Oh. [laughs] No, no, this means nothing unless this actually tastes like a tequila sunrise. Julianne, can you please give this a taste and let us know? Is that a tequila sunrise? I smelled it first. It definitely is. It's a tequila sunrise! Now let's pass it along. [cheers and applause] Oh, wow, that's strong. How'd he do that? Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Cheers. [wild cheering] ♪ Lately, I've been feeling so cool ♪ Oh, Dwyane Wade's on his feet. They're all on their feet. Oh. ♪ Damn it, I'm feeling so cool ♪ ♪ Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool ♪ Dwyane, what do you think? This is the best magic I've ever seen, and it didn't feel like I was watching magic, you know? Like, you're so cool and, like-- Sorry, Dwyane Wade just called me cool. [laughter] No, that-- it was incredible, man, so thank you for showing us something different. Thank you for being innovative. Thank you so much. Appreciate that. ♪ Damn it, I'm feeling so cool, cool, cool ♪ Gabrielle? I have no idea how you did any of that. You are pure magic. Way to go. Thank you so much. ♪ Damn it, I'm feeling so cool ♪ ♪ Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool ♪ This part of the show, I'm going to be honest with you, to me, is have you stepped up? There is no denying your talent. I just--for me, it just wasn't as dynamic as your first audition. I think you could have done better today. [audience boos] Wow, we have a very mixed panel right now. We'll definitely be deliberating over this, and it's gonna be a hard job. There's only seven spots, so we'll see if you make it through. Thank you so much. Thanks, everybody. Cheers. Thank you. ♪ Top to the bottom, just cool ♪ ♪ Every little thing that I do ♪ I don't know. I need to see the phone. announcer: Coming up... [screams] That's what we need on this show. This might be the best... [vocalizes] Performance we have ever seen. Whoa! . All right, take your seats, folks. Here we go. [stammers] Yeah. [pen thunking on table] [squeaks] [dramatic music] My first audition was based around danger. Oh! You got four yeses. Coming back, I knew that I had to step it up, so what I'm doing this time is sufficiently different. Oh, yeah, this guy. I liked him. This chance could change my life. From the kitchens of north London... How sharp? [laughs] I will show you how sharp. [dynamic music] ♪ ♪ [yelps] Oh! It's not a perfect situation, to be honest, but it's... Oh, apparently, I'm fine. Apparently, I'm fine. All right, I've put this off long enough. [grunts] [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ One more time. Hah! Whoo! Thank you. What I love about you is you are a showman, and you show a different side of yourself. You're taking a gamble. That gamble paid off. Well, wish you the best of luck. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Thank you. I'm Lamont Landers. I'm from Huntsville, Alabama, and I am a musician. ♪ You ♪ I had a couple of hoops to jump through the first round, but we got through them. That's a very safe, what I would call, wedding song. I think it's great. I think you should come back later 'cause right now, we're not understanding each other. Don't be cocky. What did you learn from that experience? How do you feel about that? I mean, don't come in cocky. Don't come in hot. [laughs] ♪ Right over here, why can't you see ♪ That once-in-a-lifetime second chance-- not everybody gets it. Sometimes, someone gives you a little bit of advice, and it opens the door. I think the door has just opened for you here. Thank you for the chance. Let's make the next one even better. So it's four yeses. ♪ Giving it my all ♪ I mean, this is Judge Cuts. Now, you have no second chances. I'm doing something I would never do normally, and we'll see how it goes. I'm rolling the dice. The pressure is on. I want to let the judges know that they made the right choice by letting me continue on. Hey, Lamont. Yeah. How are you, buddy? Good, sir. How are you doing? Welcome to the Judge Cuts. Yes. How did it feel after your first audition? What was that--'cause it was--it was rough. It was chaos, yeah. I think song selection was the biggest issue. I really put Simon to that, to step outside my box, just be vulnerable, just do-- do something different. Yay. All right. Well, good luck. [mellow acoustic music plays] ♪ ♪ ♪ I'm trying to stand up on my own two feet ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ This conversation ain't coming easily ♪ ♪ And darling, I know it's getting late ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I think that we could do ♪ ♪ Something good, oh ♪ ♪ Walk me home ♪ Whoo. ♪ In the dead of night ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ 'Cause I can't be alone ♪ ♪ With all this on my mind ♪ ♪ So say you'll stay with me tonight ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 'Cause there's so much wrong ♪ ♪ There is so much wrong ♪ [audience whoops] ♪ Going on outside ♪ [cheers and applause] Yeah! That was awesome. ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh ♪ Your voice is so special and so unique, but the-- it's not filling the space that I feel like it should. I hear you, honestly. But I will tell you. I mean, you have a phenomenal talent. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, Gabrielle? Last time, you gave us a little more cocky, which I am always here for... [laughter] And this time, you gave us different layers. You got a lot of heart, and you really left it all up on the stage tonight, and I really appreciate that. Way to go, man. ♪ What you wanna believe ♪ ♪ All I know ♪ ♪ It's too late for me to change your mind ♪ Your voice is just unassuming, you know? You got a--you got an amazing voice. I feel that you can give more and you have another level that you can go to. When you get on this stage, let it all go. Yes, sir. Simon? Oh, let's see what Simon says. I'm gonna be really, really honest with you. I really like you. I like your voice. But it left me with nothing. Oh, I don't agree with you. You know, it wasn't a great arrangement of the song. It had no drama. It had no emotion. We spent a lot of time with you on the first audition because we think you have potential, but I don't think I'm gonna be fighting for you at the end. I hate to hear that, sir. But we take both auditions into consideration at times, so we'll find out later. I think you got a lot of fans on this panel. Thank you, guys, so much. Good luck, buddy. [James Arthur's "I Am"] ♪ It's too late for me to change ♪ I feel like I'd soaked the notes that they gave me, and I worked on things. Maybe I should have stuck to my guns. I did my best. That's all you can do. ♪ ♪ . [energetic music] All right, Universal Studios, you ready for the next act? ♪ ♪ Yeah. Here we go, folks. [cheers and applause] My name is Adaline Bates. I am 63 years old. I remember that audition very well. I think I kissed both sides of you, didn't I? Yes, you did. [laughs] Yeah. [sings with a deep voice] ♪ Unforgettable ♪ Oh, my God. [high-pitched] ♪ Though near or far ♪ As much as you had a good time, we had a good time. Yeah. That was lovely. [deep voice] ♪ I ♪ ♪ I want to share all my love ♪ I loved your first audition, but I don't know how you would be able to carry a show doing this the entire way through. Well, wish you the best of luck. Thank you. So how you feeling about this round? I'm so nervous. Like, my throat is so dry. Yeah, it's only, like, the biggest thing you've ever done, but just stay calm. Hi, I'm Michael Paul. The last time you performed, I think all of us really enjoyed it. When I say sing, he will sing. When I say sleep, he will sleep. When I say--crap. [grunts] [laughter] You were so good, I think you just changed your life tonight. [cheers and applause] You are the world's oldest gymnast, Nadia, are you not? Oh, yeah, I just won the gold. Check it out. Congratulations. Thank you. What is that medal won for? Hm, let's see, the 100 meter catheter. Ah. Yeah. [buzzer] [upbeat music] This was not as good as your first audition. I thought it was a terrible act tonight. We'll look at the first act again. It's a hard night, and I wish you the best of luck. Thank you. I did not think it deserved an X. [firmly] Oh, yes, it did. Man, I feel really nervous. Will you please introduce yourself to all of us? I'm Gingzilla. [laughs] ♪ Well, she's a lady, oh ♪ That is exactly why we created this show, to find people like you. ♪ 'Cause we are living ♪ ♪ In a material world ♪ ♪ And I am a material ♪ I think you were out of key. You were--it was flat. [voice breaking] ♪ Material-al ♪ This was not a step up. ♪ Material-al ♪ Maybe it was the nerves. Maybe it was the song. ♪ In a material ♪ It just wasn't as good as the first audition. I'm disappointed because I think you could have done better tonight. [vocalizes] For the first audition, how did yours go? I got only three yes. Who gave you the no, if you don't mind me-- Who do you think? Was it--was it Simon? Yes. Was it Simon? Okay. [energetic music] Hello, good evening. Welcome back, Alex. So after your first audition, you blew all the judges away except... Simon. For Simon. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ You got on a bird to come to America? No. No. I'm really sorry, but it's a no. Three yeses! [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ So what do you plan to do today to get Simon on your side? I would like to try paint something different. It means real story, which will Simon understand. Thank you. [laughter] Alex, take it away. Thank you so much. [cheers and applause] It's just about you understanding. I'm excited to see it. Even if Simon's not, I'm pumped. [all chuckling] [whispers] Simon. Simon. Do you understand so far? Yup. I've got it. Kay. [dramatic piano music] ♪ ♪ We choose to go to the Moon. We choose to go to the Moon. We choose to go to the Moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept. Ignition sequence starts. Six, five, four, three, two, one, zero. All engines on. Liftoff. We have liftoff. 13 minutes past the hour, liftoff on Apollo 11. ♪ ♪ Apollo 11, this is [inaudible] at one minute. Trajectory engaged. We're good. [inaudible] good. All your systems are looking good. Flying around the corner. We'll see you on the other side, over. [beep] ♪ ♪ [beep] Houston, Tranquility Base here. The Eagle has landed. Roger, Tranquility. We copy you on the ground. We're breathing again. ♪ ♪ I'm at the foot of the ladder. The LM footpads are only, uh, depressed in the surface about 1 or 2 inches. [cheers and applause] Oh. ♪ ♪ That's one small step for man... One giant leap for mankind. [cheers and applause] [mellow music] ♪ ♪ Thank you. Thank you. Howie? This is a story of exactly what this show is-- chasing a dream that seems impossible and conquering that dream, and that's what we watch each and every day, where people come here with a dream, and their lives are changed forever. Thank you so much. ♪ ♪ Dwyane? You're an amazing storyteller. You know, you took me on this journey that was incredible. Like, I felt some, like, deep emotional connection to everything you was drawing. What made you want to tell that story today? Simon. [laughter] [cheers and applause] Well, the reason I criticized you the first time was I thought, at the time, it would make you be better... [laughter] The next time we saw you... And I was right. Oh! [cheers and applause] Kidding aside, I got goose bumps on my goose bumps. Literally. Thank you. I think it was one of the best acts we've seen today. I'm gonna be honest with you. Thank you. Thank you, Simon. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Bye. My pleasure. Bye. You know, that's what I do. [laughter] You know, I just make people better. ♪ The night come ♪ . ♪ This is how we do it ♪ [Montell Jordan's "This Is How We Do It"] Keep that energy up. You know the words? ♪ 'Cause you got much flavor ♪ all: ♪ This is how we do it ♪ Yeah. ♪ Let me hear the party say ♪ That's my moment, everybody. Thank you. [cheers and applause] [laughter] No, really. ♪ Straight-up coming from the west side ♪ [laughter] All right, here we go. Here we go. Hey, guys, this is... all: V.Unbeatable. We are V.Unbeatable from Mumbai, India. We have watched "America's Got Talent" for six years. [indistinct chatter] It's a huge thing for anybody around the world, and we can't believe that we were on that stage. [rousing music] What we do is very risky, but we do it because we love it. [screams] You guys blew us all away. Thank you! [dramatic music] It was, like, really great. I was like, "Yes, man, we impressed the audience as well as the judge." This is gonna change your life. I really do believe that. all: Yes! [cheers and applause] In America, the people are very good here. Like, they greet every time when we walk, you know, through the streets, "Hi, hello." Being in America's so awesome. Whoa. [laughter] [rousing music] We are practicing nonstop. We have to, like, do something which they have never seen. ♪ ♪ Being one step from the live show, it's, like, unreal for us. Can somebody, like, pinch me? It's, like, amazing, man. Well, welcome back. Thank you. Would you like to start off by just introducing yourselves and why you entered "America's Got Talent?" So hey, guys, we are V.Unbeatable from Mumbai, India, and we are... [cheers and applause] Thank you. So we are here to fulfill the dream of one boy whose name is Vikas. And Vikas--just explain to me a little bit more about that? So six years ago, we were doing rehearsals, and suddenly the, like, incident happened, and he fall down, and, like, then... [sniffs, exhales] Oh. Like, his body was paralyzed from here, and-- okay, so after a few weeks, he passed away, and, like, we were all broken. Oh. His dream was to be on this stage like this, so yes, we are doing all this for him. I'm sorry to hear that. [cheers and applause] You had a great first audition. Our decisions really are based on who we think the audience would like to put through, and hopefully, you fulfill your dream, so the best of luck to every one of you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Do not try what you're about to see at home. For real. [exhales softly] [energetic music plays] ♪ ♪ Oh! ♪ Ooh ♪ [man singing in Indian] ♪ ♪ Oh! Whoa. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh, oh. Whoa! ♪ ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ [bright flute music plays] ♪ ♪ Oh, my God. [squeaks] Whoa! [squeaks] [screams] [cheers and applause] [laughs] [screams] [Lauren Daigle's "You Say"] Oh, my God. Oh, my God. [laughs] ♪ I keep fighting voices in my mind ♪ ♪ That say I'm not enough ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Every single lie that tells me ♪ ♪ I will never measure up ♪ You know, yeah. Julianne? Wow, wow, wow, wow! Wow, thank you! ♪ You say I am loved ♪ ♪ When I can't feel a thing ♪ There was so much power, obviously, the tricks and the riskiness. Some people are just dance crews, and some people are just acrobats. You have the combination of both. Thank you so much, ma'am. Very, very proud. Very proud. ♪ I am falling short ♪ ♪ And when I don't belong ♪ Do you know what these guys reminded me about? That actually, we all have the best job in the world, and to see your enthusiasm, really just taking it in that you're on an "America's Got Talent" stage... [cheers and applause] These are times, I believe, when we probably need each other, 'cause trust me, we need you, and I hope we can do something in return back for you. Thank you so much, Simon. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Now, baby, put your hand on my heart. Put your--my heart-- Oh, my God. My heart is beating at a rapid pace that I haven't felt before. That's an NBA all star. As a former athlete, right, it's 30 of you guys on that stage. 29. 29. Let's round--30 sound better. [laughter] I know the practice time it takes. I know the sacrifice it takes. I had this saying that whenever I hit a big shot, whenever I hit a game winner, whenever it was one of those moments, I jumped up on the stand, and I said, "This is my house." Whoo. And today on this stage, this is y'all house. ♪ You say I am loved ♪ ♪ When I can't feel a thing ♪ ♪ You say I am strong ♪ ♪ When I think I am weak ♪ ♪ You say I am held ♪ ♪ When I am falling short ♪ Six spots left, yeah. Yeah. Yup. Yes! Yes! ♪ And I believe ♪ ♪ Oh, I believe ♪ ♪ What you say of me ♪ ♪ Oh, I believe ♪ ♪ ♪ Whoo! V.Unbeatable is going straight to the live shows in Hollywood! [cheers and applause] How do you feel? Yes, thank you! ♪ You say I am strong ♪ ♪ When I think I am weak ♪ ♪ And I believe ♪ ♪ Oh, I believe ♪ ♪ What you say of me ♪ There will be no deliberations. You are going straight to the live shows in Hollywood. all: [cheer] Enjoy, baby, enjoy! all: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! announcer: Coming up... Do you believe you can win the whole show? I'm not sitting in no rocking chair. I'm rocking and rolling. This is what you get! [buzzer] That was sexy. It was, like, powerful. Whoa. I'm sorry to inform you that none of you are going through. . All right, let me hear you, Universal Studios. Are you ready for our next act? What are you complaining about? It's too tight. Well, why don't you just make it looser? I did. Why are you being such a drama queen today as well? Here we go. Oh, I love these kids. Hi. Welcome back. So far all of us who are just meeting you for the first time, give us your names and ages. I'm Izzy. I'm Easton. I'm 11. And I'm 14. And what are you gonna do here tonight? We're dancers, and we're gonna tell another story portraying two warriors that are fighting to make it to the next round. Hey. What a coincidence. We have eighteen acts, only six spots-- have at it. What does that mean? Meaning she's really good. [Ruelle's "Game of Survival"] ♪ ♪ Wow. ♪ ♪ Oh! ♪ This is a wild ♪ ♪ Game of survival ♪ You guys are super creative and imaginative, and that's what it takes to be on this stage. ♪ This is a wild ♪ ♪ Game of survival ♪ The work that you've put in, it absolutely shows, so let's see if you have enough to get to the live shows. Thank you, guys. It's gonna be so hard to compete with them. Hello. Tell us who you are again. We are Adem Show. What are you guys doing for us this time? This time we're gonna do a movie theme. I have got no idea what this movie is right now. [laughter] Well, that-- we'll wait to find out. ♪ ♪ Oh, is this "Night--" it's "Night at the Museum." Oh. They did good. ♪ ♪ You are brilliant dancers. ♪ This is a wild ♪ ♪ Game of survival ♪ You guys are incredible. The story that y'all told-- amazing. Thank you. That was a step up. That was really good. That was really good. ♪ This is a wild game of survival ♪ Hello. Dwyane, these are the shadow dancers. Welcome back. Tell us who you are again. We are VERBA Shadow, a shadow dance group from Ukraine. That's right. I remember. And tell us really quick again, You met in college-- is that right? In university. And you guys are married? Now, yes. Now married. [laughs] [tender piano music] What you did in terms of your imagination and creativity, it was seamless. Our first audition, it was great. You've got four yeses. Congratulations. But now we're at the Judge Cuts, and we understand that we have got a little pressure because there are lots of strong competitors. So what we will do tonight, we have never done before. This story will be so magical and mysterious. I think everybody will like it. Well, we are really excited to see what you have. Show us what you got. Thank you so much. I really believe that we can go further. We can go to a live show. We can go to the final. I know that everyone from my team, we deserve it. [rousing music plays] ♪ ♪ Whoa. [bright music plays] ♪ ♪ [dramatic music plays] Wow. [thunder booms] ♪ ♪ [electricity crackles] [laughter] ♪ ♪ [thunder booms] ["O Fortuna" plays] ♪ ♪ [electricity crackling] [victorious music plays] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] [Galantis' "Bones"] ♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh ♪ Howie, let's start with you. Okay, I love what you do, but I gotta be hon-- I was--I know, like, there's a wizard, and there's a w-- I don't know--I don't know what the story was. What? [audience boos] Simon, what was the story? Good versus evil, and good won. ♪ Feel it in my bones ♪ The only thing I didn't understand is that the horse just came from nowhere... You mean the unicorn? It was a unicorn. The unicorn. [stammers] What? It was a unicorn. That's the only part I understood. [laughter] Hey, well, look, you know, I'm gonna say this. I think you have really, really worked hard to do something different, and I think you guys are amazing. I do. Thank you. Thank you so much. Dwyane, what do you think? That was the greatest three-minute movie that I've ever watched in my life. [laughter] I felt like I needed some 3D glasses. I needed some popcorn. You guys are incredible. The journey that y'all took me on, I appreciate it. It was amazing, so thank you. both: Thank you so much. Gabs? It was so good, and I want to know what the sequel is, so I think you've made our jobs really, really difficult 'cause I think we'd all like to really see what you guys would do on an even bigger stage, so great job. Thank you. There's 18 acts tonight. Only six more acts can go through. We're gonna be fighting late into the night, so thank you. Best of luck. Thank you. Thank you so much. ♪ Feel it in my bones ♪ You have created a conundrum for the people behind you, okay? So good job. We will see you soon. Did anyone else see a unicorn? I thought it was a horse. ♪ Feel it in my bones ♪ . There's so much talent here. [gentle piano music] If I could see everything, then that would be another nerve that I'd have to deal with. [indistinct chatter] All I can do is be myself. [John Hiatt's "Have A Little Faith In Me"] I was born and raised in Winnsboro, Louisiana. I worked as a carpenter all my life. ♪ Have a little faith in me ♪ When I was a little girl, he was, like, my hero. When he came home, the first thing that he would do is pull his guitar out, and we'd sit there and play music. ♪ Have a little faith in me ♪ Every chance I got, I played my music, and then four years ago, my sight started to deteriorate. ♪ When the road gets dark ♪ My daughter always traveled with me. ♪ And have a little faith ♪ She gave up her career to follow mine, and I realize I have no excuse not to follow my dreams. I'm gonna rock the world. ♪ You got to take it when you can get it, y'all ♪ ♪ And get it while you can ♪ My daughter said, "Daddy, all the judges was up dancing," and that's when I started to cry. The finest wines are the ones that stay in storage, and then they become beautiful, and that's how I feel about your voice. He could have became a rock star a long time ago, so if he set aside his dream to make sure that me and my sisters had it... ♪ Just for you to have a little faith ♪ I c--I only have one daddy, so I can do the same thing. ♪ You see, time, time is our friend ♪ I'm gonna be singing an original song tonight. All right, here we go, folks. At 65 years old, I'm living my dream. [cheers and applause] Now all I gotta do is win a million dollars. [laughs] Welcome back, my friend. Thank you so much. And just tell everyone your name again, please. My name is Robert Finley. I'm from Winnsboro, Louisiana. I'm 65 years old. [cheers and applause] 18 acts, six can go through. What would it mean to you to go through to the live shows at the Dolby? It was a part of my life that was missing, so I'm here to fill the missing puzzle. I was a carpenter by trade. Then I got to where I couldn't see well enough to read the tape measure, so my great daughter that's here somewhere in the audience... [cheers and applause] Love you! My daughter bought me a rocking chair, and I told her, "Baby, you can take that back to the store. "Get your money back, "'cause I'm not sitting in no rocking chair. I'm rocking and rolling." I love that. Good luck. Thank you, sir. ♪ Medicine woman ♪ [funky music plays] ♪ Have pity on your man ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Medicine woman ♪ ♪ I know you understand ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ See, I gotta be me ♪ ♪ Only you can feel ♪ ♪ They don't come in no parlor ♪ ♪ They won't come in no field ♪ ♪ Medicine woman ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Have mercy on my soul ♪ Ooh, that's hot. That's deep! ♪ I'll return the favor ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ It won't be a one-way street ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I'm gonna love you forever ♪ [laughs] ♪ If you just set me free ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Can't get it on the corner ♪ ♪ I can't get it in the store ♪ ♪ And every time I get it ♪ ♪ I want more, more, more ♪ ♪ Medicine woman ♪ ♪ You've got the healing touch ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Medicine woman ♪ ♪ You've got that healing ♪ ♪ Touch ♪ [cheers and applause] Whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo! Thank you. Yes! Whoo! Whoo! [laughs] Whoo! Boy, you're not messing around tonight, are you? Howie, let me start with you, please. You know, music and performance should move people, and you moved us all up off our seats onto our feet, and the one word that comes to mind when I hear you is, "authenticity." Yup. I love you. Thank you. Thank you so much. God bless. Mr. Finley, you did not come to play with us today. You came to go to the finals, and you put everybody backstage on notice. Thank you. Thank you. ["Ain't No Mountain High Enough"] I got two things, Robert. One, is it okay if we adopt you in our family? [laughter] And two, thank you for showing America to never give up on your dreams. Yeah. Thank you for that. Thank you so much. Thank you. ♪ ♪ I once left a show, and the big reason was I could not get over this rule that anyone over the age of 29 couldn't be part of a singing competition, and I think you are better today than you were the first time. Yes. Thank you so much. I just wish I could be as cool as you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. ♪ Ain't no mountain high enough ♪ You've made our jobs a little bit harder now because we've only got six places. Whew, thank you so much. Thank you. See you later. Whoo! ♪ Keep me from you ♪ ♪ Ain't no mountain ♪ ♪ High enough ♪ It doesn't matter how old you are. When I first got in the NBA, by the time you were 30, it was over for you, but, like, nowadays you can show that, like, I can still go. Yeah. You have made it very, very hard, but they got decisions to make, and best of luck to you, Robert. Thank you so much, my man. I got you. Come here, take my hand. . All right, get ready for the next act, folks. They're a good-looking couple. Do you think they're as good a team as you guys are? Mm-hmm. We are Duo Fusion, a hand-balancing act from Orlando, Florida. And are you together? We are married. [dramatic music] Oh! The judges were super excited the first time. That was a good surprise. You become Superwoman and pick him up. I mean, it's amazing. Winning "AGT" would mean the world for us, and hopefully this performance will take us to the live shows. Oh, I remember them. Yeah, they were the strong ones. Yeah. She's, like, super-strong. Hello. Just tell everyone your name again, please. We are Duo Fusion from Orlando, Florida. And do you believe you can win the whole show? Yes. [laughter] Yes. No messing around with that. Yes! Okay, good luck. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. [Caitlyn Smith's "Rule The World"] ♪ Welcome to your life ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Acting on your best behavior ♪ ♪ Turn your back on Mother Nature ♪ Oh, my goodness. Whoo, abs. ♪ Everybody wants to rule the world ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Even while we sleep ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Everybody ♪ ♪ Wants to rule the world ♪ ♪ ♪ Whoo! Oh, my gosh! ♪ Light won't find you, everybody ♪ ♪ Wants to rule the world ♪ ♪ Everybody ♪ ♪ Wants to rule ♪ ♪ ♪ [screams] ♪ The world ♪ [cheers and applause] I thought I was strong! Howie? For the people in the audience who don't know, they were depicting, I would imagine, an afternoon at Gabrielle and... Yes. Dwyane's house. [laughter] So just so you know, when we get home, we're trying everything they did in that act. Yes. I will say that last trick that you guys did, I've never seen anything like that before. both: Thank you. And that's what we need on this show! There's six spots left. We'll see if you guys make it through. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Did you see how strong she was? Yeah. That was pretty spectacular. It's nice to have someone like that, right? Yeah. I don't have one. I don't either. All right, the next one's gonna be Valerie Sassyfras. Okay. You ready for a wacky lady? I'm married to one. [laughs] All right, here we go. [cheers and applause] How you all doing? How you doing? Valerie Sassyfras, is that it? Valerie Sassyfras. That's me. Yeah, Valerie, I remember you. I'm here to do an original song called "Girls Night Out," and every time I play it, it's a hit. ♪ Girls night out ♪ ♪ I'm gonna get all crazy ♪ ♪ It's girls night out ♪ ♪ With Gabrielle, Julianne, and Simon ♪ Not you. I'll tell you how crazy this is. It's so crazy that I'm saying yes. What do you have in mind to step it up, to bring it-- take it to the next level? What have you done? I add more energy to my track. I've brought my two beautiful backup dancers. [whispers] There's dancers. And y'all are gonna see it tonight. Wow. All right. I can't wait to see what you've done. Come on out, dancers. Come on out, dancers. Oh, whoa, wow. Oh. It's the Sassyfrasers? It's the Sassyfrasers. [cheers and applause] All right, hit it, Mr. DJ. [record scratching, upbeat music plays] ♪ It's girls ♪ ♪ Night ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Girls night out ♪ ♪ With Howie, Gabrielle, Julianne, and Simon ♪ ♪ Girls night out ♪ ♪ We'll twist and twirl ♪ ♪ Till dawn ♪ [buzzer] Put your hands up. ♪ Girls night out ♪ ♪ We're gonna go crazy ♪ ♪ Girls night out ♪ ♪ I'm horny and I'm lazy ♪ [buzzer] ♪ Girls night out ♪ ♪ Gonna get all crazy ♪ ♪ Girls night out ♪ girls: ♪ We're horny and we're lazy ♪ [buzzer] Stop! No! ♪ Whoo ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Girls night out ♪ Okay. Dwyane, hit your wife's button. No, no, I'm getting my drink. Go ahead, darling. ♪ ♪ Hey. [cheers and applause] Thank you. I love that your backup dancers aren't even sure when this ends. Okay. [laughter] [laughing] Gabrielle? Valerie Sassyfras, you had me at, "I'm horny and I'm lazy. Let's get crazy." We're gonna fight for you. Thank you, Valerie. Thank you, Gabrielle. [upbeat music] Dwyane, what do you think? I believe that Ms. Sass is my wife's spirit animal. Yeah! [laughter] You are what I see a lot of nights. [laughter] That is my wife. That's your wife? That's my wife. Oh, my gosh. [laughs] All right, Simon? If you want me to be honest, I thought your first audition was better. Boo! I did. It was the same song. It's a remix. I added a lot more energy. It was a remix though. It was actually less energetic, actually. I brought my two beautiful backup dancers. Valerie, thank you. You know what it looks like? It looks like you took one of those Uber Share, and these two ladies go, "Where did we end up?" [laughter] Now there's only six spots left, but you go now, and we'll deliberate. There will be people fighting for you, just so you know. How you feeling? I don't know. Simon didn't like me. I'm a little concerned. Wait till you get home, young man. She likes it, don't you? [laughter] ♪ ♪ America, it's time to vote on your favorite Dunkin' judge's cup design. and tune in on September 11th to see the winning cup. . [tense music] This journey to get to do "AGT" has not been easy. This is two decades of hard work. Can't find the words to explain how important this is. I want people to see what all of that sacrifice built up to. One act left, ladies and gentlemen. This is the last act of the night. My name is Ryan Niemiller. I am 36 years old, and I am a stand-up comedian. Obviously, I have a disability. I think the technical term for it is being very handsome. [laughter] I wanted to go for an hour. [laughs] I would have--if they let me, I would have done that. The other thing I wanted to be was a pro wrestler. I was gonna be the Cripple Threat. [laughter] You are authentic, and I believe that you should be in the finals here. I love you. Thank you. [cheers and applause] That's such-- so validating for me. It was the type of thing I've been wanting to hear, and I know I've been ready to hear it. [laughs] Life growing up was a little rough. My dad, um, he was a pretty hardcore alcoholic. I'm an old trailer park kid, so we grew up very poor. You know, my brother slept on the floor. I slept on the floor. I would make jokes about it, you know? Like, that's how I--that's how you deal with everything. You're looking at me the same way that people do in a public restroom, like, "How the hell's this gonna work?" It is an odd life doing these little gigs and sleeping in my car. Considered unarmed and dangerous. I will usually eat something I probably shouldn't, often from a gas station or something similar. I'm Ryan Niemiller. Thank you so much. There was only a few things that my dad and I really bonded on. It was Chicago Cubs baseball, which to this day I'm still a huge fan, and the other big one was actually stand-up comedy. [gentle music] The day that my dad passed away, I did a show. [applause] I am never happier than when I'm on stage, and that's kinda how I dealt with it. It's the horses. They don't have that filth. It does make me sad he's not alive to see this 'cause he would have got a big kick out of seeing his son on television, so... ♪ ♪ Well, what are you gonna do? [laughs] I'm Ryan Niemiller, you guys. Thank you so much. You know, I love Ryan more than anything, you know? And being able to be here with him, to see him chase his dream means everything to me because I'm so, so very proud of that child. I want to win the show. ♪ ♪ You know, I'm still going to eat the gas station pizza. Don't get me wrong. I just don't have to anymore. Now I get to do it for love of the game. [chuckles] [cheers and applause] Ryan. Oh, you all made it. [laughter] Ryan's a comedian, and who's here with you tonight, Ryan? I have some of my friends here, and I also have my mom, who is up there. Yes? [laughs] Yay! [laughs] My mama. Well, Ryan, I don't want to hold you up. Have at it. Good luck. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Very happy to be back here in Los Angeles. [cheers and applause] Thank you. I actually just flew in from Indiana, and boy, are my arms missing! [laughter] Well, that's United for you. Oh, man. Oh, they would. People always want to underestimate me because I have this disability. People underestimate me all the time. I had a woman come up to me after a show recently, and she had some questions. She was like, "Oh, oh. "Oh, okay. Okay, okay, okay. Can--can you drive?" And I was like, "Yeah." "Oh, good for you. "Good for you. Good for you. "Making it happen. Can you read?" And I was like, "Well, not Braille, but..." [cheers and applause] I'm on the road a lot, so I'm not in these towns very often, so they don't really get to know me. You know, I'll show up in these towns, and I'll mess with their world, and I'm out. Drive-throughs are probably the worst though. Drive-throughs are really bad. Like, this is not in the training. I went through a drive-through a couple weeks ago, and as I was leaving, the woman signed "Thank you" to me. We had been talking! Like, we had been talking the entire time! That's how I got food. So now I don't know if it's just a quirky thing that she does or if she thought I might have all the disabilities, and she was just covering her bases. [laughs] I love Ryan. Thinking about dating again. Thinking about dating. I am a single--I'm single. I'm a single man 'ca-- [cheers and applause] Not for long, apparently. Hey. No, 'cause for me, it's really hard to date girls 'cause they're always like, "No." Don't know what that's about. I think it would help if I could dress better. I think that would help a lot. I would love to dress better, you know, wear a nice button-up shirt with a collar I could reach. That'd be awesome, but I can't wear a shirt like that. It's too dangerous 'cause here's what happens. Say I put on a nice button-up shirt. I wanted to look fantastic for the ladies in the house tonight. The problem is if I don't take one of you home with me, well, I'm sleeping in a button-up shirt. [laughs] 'Cause I can get every button except for that top one. Then I'm just gonna be running around the house looking like a crippled cholo, just a sadness cape waving in the wind behind me. I'm looking for scissors so I can cut it. Then I remember I'm not supposed to have scissors under ideal conditions, let alone near my jugular, so this is what you get! All right, I'm Ryan Niemiller, you guys. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. That's my man! [laughs] Thank you. [James Bay's "Hold Back the River"] Howie, let's start with you. Oh, my gosh. You know how I feel about you. I love you. You are just funny and bright and loveable and memorable and deserve a spot on this show. [inaudible speech] You are one of a kind. You are one of one, and you own it, and it is just incredible to see it. I could listen to you all day. Thank you for those laughs. Thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you. You're special, man. [laughs] Thank you. ♪ Lonely water ♪ From the second you walked on, I actually felt you were having the time of your life. Genuinely. And when a comedian is confident, it makes us feel confident. What would you do? Would you put him through? [cheers and applause] Yeah! Oh, yeah! Thank you. Thank you. Good luck, buddy. Thank you. ♪ Hold back the river, oh ♪ ♪ Lonely water ♪ ♪ Lonely water ♪ I love him. I love him. I got full fingers and toes crossed that you are in the live shows. If you can find a couple other ones, 'cause I can't, so we gonna have to...[laughs] announcer: Coming up... We only have six spaces left. So many people stepped up today. I have to tell you sorry. . Dwyane, you've got your Golden Buzzer, and now we've got to choose six to go through to the live shows. Mm-kay. I'm nervous as a peach. It means so much to me. I can't see the world, but the world needs to see me. Does everybody agree that this act should go through? girls: No. I liked it. There's so many good people. If I get to the live shows, my family... [sniffs] Will be very, very proud. I loved this. I like him a lot. I think he was better the first time. I agree. girls: No. To make it to the live shows would be a complete validation of everything I've worked for to get to this point. Okay, well, on behalf of all of us, you have been amazing. Great. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. The judges have made their final decision. Will the following acts please head to stage? Dom Chambers. [dramatic music] Your first audition was one of my favorites, and then today I felt that you'd lost your confidence. ♪ Someone help me ♪ I just know you're better than that. ♪ Crawling in my skin ♪ But, Dom, uh... ♪ Sometimes I feel like ♪ It was unanimous, actually. ♪ But I just can't ♪ We're gonna be seeing you through in the live shows. ♪ It isn't in my blood ♪ Whoo! [laughs] Congratulations. [screams] You weren't expecting that. ♪ It isn't in my blood ♪ Congratulations. Oh, yes! Thank you so much! Whoo-hoo! ♪ I need somebody now ♪ ♪ Help me ♪ We have 18 acts. Only six can go to the live shows. It was a tough, tough night. There were many, many battles, and I'm really sorry to tell you that neither of you guys are going through. I'm sorry. Thank you for coming on the show. Thanks, guys. [Shawn Mendes' "In My Blood"] This stage of the competition is extremely difficult, and there are so many talented acts, so I want to just cut to the chase. Unfortunately, you guys will not be making it through to the live shows. ♪ Help me ♪ I'm so sorry. Sorry, guys. ♪ It's like the walls are caving in ♪ ♪ ♪ Congratulations for getting this far, but, uh... ♪ ♪ I'm going to have to be the one to say sorry... ♪ Sometimes I feel like giving up ♪ Because you are gonna have to be back in Hollywood in August at the live show. Oh, my God! ♪ It isn't in my blood ♪ [laughs] Ah! Whoo, whoo, whoo! ♪ It isn't in my blood ♪ Oh, my gosh! Come on. Well done. We are so, so proud of you. [laughter] Thank you so much. We are so proud. Thank you. Thank you. all: [screaming] I'm so proud of you. We worked so hard for this. I'm so happy that our dream can come true. all: Aww. ♪ It isn't in my blood ♪ ♪ I need somebody now ♪ Two wonderful acts, but because of the small number that we're allowed to go through, for both of you, the journey is over right now. [somber piano music] We are so sorry. Sorry, guys. ♪ I've gotta keep the calm ♪ ♪ Before the storm ♪ ♪ Must bar the windows ♪ ♪ And the doors ♪ Thank you so much. We're really sad that we didn't get through. ♪ Keep me warm ♪ I'm so proud of you. Good job. [sniffs] ♪ God, keep my head above water ♪ ♪ Don't let me drown ♪ Welcome back, Robert. I think we've really connected with you, possibly more than the first audition, and we're all absolutely thrilled for you, so go and celebrate because you have made it through to the live shows at the Dolby Theatre. [laughs] Congratulations. ♪ Keep my head above water ♪ ♪ Above water ♪ Oh, my God. Congratulations. Thank you. How do you feel? I'm trying to hold back the tears, but if they flow, they'll be tears of joy, and if I ever believed in dreams, I do now. [laughs] Oh, my gosh. You've always been a star to me, and I am proud to share you with the world. Oh, bless you. ♪ Like this forever, and I can't ♪ What you did was, to say the least, memorable, but I'm sorry to inform you that none of you are going through to the live shows. [dramatic musical sting] Really, really sorry. It was tough. I know. ♪ Yeah, my life is what ♪ ♪ I'm fighting for ♪ It's our job to figure out if we put you through to the live shows, can it get any more dangerous and scary and dynamic? What we all decided was... absolutely. You're going through to the live shows. Yeah! both: [indistinct] Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Well done, guys. Guys, come here! Aww, listen. I'm so happy for you. Oh, come here, big guy. I gotta get a hug. Oh. ♪ ♪ Both of you really stepped up your game, but we have some really incredible acts, so we've come to a conclusion that both of you, um... ♪ ♪ Are actually gonna be coming to the live show. [laughter] Feels good. Congratulations. You're through! You're going to the live shows. No. Both of you. That's mean! That's mean! Oh, was it mean? Congratulations. Congrats, you guys. I am awestruck right now. I was happy originally just getting to do coffee shops and maybe getting to do a comedy club, and now I'm going to the live shows of "America's Got Talent." Oh. [giggling] Oh, I'm so proud of you. We're going to the live shows! Oh, oh, it's a package deal now, is it? Where you go, I go. Got it. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 