NOS4A2: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 NOS4A2 
 s1e9 - Sleigh House - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 NOS4A2 (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Sleigh House - full transcript 
 Despite Maggie's warning, Vic strives to rescue a loved one. Manx learns something new about Vic. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey. Where you headed? To kill that piece of shit down the way. Okay. ♪ Some corn for poppin' ♪ ♪ The lights are ♪ ♪ Let it ♪ ♪ Let it snow ♪ ♪ When we finally kiss goodnight ♪ ♪ How I'll hate ♪ ♪ You'll really hold me tight ♪ ♪ All the way home I'll be warm ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ The fire is slowly dyin' ♪ ♪ And, my dear, we're still goodbyin' ♪ ♪ As long as you love me so ♪ ♪ Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow ♪ ♪ When we finally kiss goodnight ♪ ♪ How I'll hate goin' out in the storm ♪ ♪ But if you'll really hold me tight ♪ ♪ All the way home I'll be warm ♪ ♪ The fire is slowly dyin' ♪ ♪ And, my dear, we're still goodbyin' ♪ ♪ As long as you love me so ♪ ♪ Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow ♪ ♪ When we finally kiss goodnight ♪ ♪ How I'll hate goin' out in the storm ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ But if you'll really hold me tight ♪ ♪ All the way home I'll be warm ♪ ♪ The fire is slowly dyin' ♪ ♪ And, my dear, we're still goodbyin' ♪ ♪ But as long as you love me so ♪ ♪ Let it snow, let it snow ♪ ♪ Let it snow ♪ Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx www.addic7ed.com Maggie, you all right? I'm fine... Victoria. Maggie? Isn't that the name of the girl my daddy hit with his car? I just came to say Merry Christmas. And to say... you're next. Hey! Hey! Hey, Vic? It's me. You okay? They're getting worse, aren't they? Hmm? The visions. Oh. Yeah, it's from taking my bridge to Iowa. Well... the good news is now we know I can travel the Shorter Way with you. As long as I'm on the back of your bike, which means that we can hunt the Wraith together... You scared the shit out of me, Maggie. I'm okay now. I just had no idea that you were, you know, feeling like that. The Wraith took Bly while I was strung out. I passed out in a pill coma. Woke up in his house, where he took me to keep me safe. And, um... he was gone. It wasn't your fault. Yeah, it was. I got him mixed up in this. No. Threw away my Scrabble Bag so I couldn't even see it coming. Joe was the closest thing I ever had to a family. And I got him killed. And then I was alone. Again. So... You weren't alone. Not then, not now. Is everything okay? I got somebody else mixed up in this, too, and I'm really scared. Vic. Vic, stop. You can't just go inside... Bing's got him somewhere. Or worse. _ We mustn't tarry, Mr. Partridge. This little detour has delayed Bradley's trip to Christmasland and left the child without his dinner. It's a tasty treat... for Bradley, who's so nice and sweet. Why, Bing... you'll be the last boy chosen at the dance. What happened to your face? Vic... Vic McQueen attacked me. Out of the blue? In my basement. In the House of Sleep? I didn't touch her. Not like that, I promise. I knew you'd be mad, Mr. Manx. But... I was just trying to help you. Your only job is to help rescue children. Victoria McQueen belongs on the naughty list. You're the one who's on the naughty list, Mr. Partridge, and you've been there for quite some time. Do you know what happens to those who can't find their way off the list? They get punished. Now, get in. But... But Vic's the one who deserves to be punished. Get in the car. She doesn't belong in Christmasland! That is not for you to decide. I found drugs in her bedroom. I found rubbers. I can no longer trust your word on anything, Mr. Partridge. But, Mr. Manx, you don't have to. Just ask the boy. He'll tell ya. Yeah. Yeah. Who in God's name is that? Try to remain calm, dear boy. If you promise to behave, I'll let you breathe fresh oxygen for a few minutes. How does that sound? Now, why did you endeavor to attack poor, old Mr. Partridge? For what he tried to do to Vic. And what you two did to Haley and Sharon Smith. I admire your chivalrous spirit. There aren't many boys these days who would put themselves at risk to protect the honor of a woman. Vic doesn't need my protection. Then why risk so much on her behalf? You're in love with her. I don't blame you. There's a lot to love about Vic McQueen. The only question is, does she love you? She loves me. Have you... consummated your love? A girl as strong and pure as Vic McQueen ruined by such a weak and unremarkable boy. Wherever we're going, she's gonna find me. And then she's gonna kill you. She can certainly try her best. Pity, now I'll have to do the same. - Don't you dare... - You try and get some rest. The road to Christmasland is paved in dreams. Wait, wait, wait... Turns out, your instincts about Vic McQueen were correct, Bing. You've spared the children a grave disappointment. So... So, I'm off the naughty list? Go home, clean up, and clear out. The police will be on your tail in short order. If you're taken into custody, there will be no hot cocoa or presents in your future. But if you can avoid detection, procure more gingerbread gas, and make your way safely here... ...then I'll call on you after I'm done with Vic McQueen. Thank you, Mr. Manx. Where is Craig? Okay. Okay. Can the Brat find the Wraith? I'm going after him. Whoa, w-wait. One m-more, one m-more. Is the Brat r-ready? Vic? Didn't you see what they said? I saw Jolene overheat the Wraith's engine and take it out of commission. The Tiles s-say you're not ready. It's Craig. I drove him out to the woods and showed him my bridge. I ran to him after I got out of Bing's basement. I've run to him for everything since we were 6. I love him, Maggie. And now Manx has him. That will never destroy the Wraith. Well, it has to. Vic, the Tiles are always right. Well, maybe it was O-N, like "on," like, "game on." Okay. Okay. Okay, fine. Fine. Let's go. Maggie, you can't come. Yes, I can. I went over your bridge with you on the back of your bike. Yeah, after you almost died. You haven't slept. You can barely walk. Wherever my bridge takes me, I'm gonna need to run for my life. You have to stay here, help the police track down Bing. Call me... when you get to wherever it is you end up going. Call me. There's been a fight. There's blood everywhere. And I think Bing Partridge has my friend Vic McQueen. When I saw her boyfriend's dirt bike outside, I knew something was wrong. Craig must've found out that Bing had her and then come to save her, but... now Bing has them both. You'd had a hell of a few weeks. I'm glad to see you're at least back on your feet, Miss Leigh. Detective Hutter. I was... I was at the hospital after the hit-and-run. - Oh. Sorry. - You were in and out at the time. Right. Um, when was the last time you were in contact with Vic McQueen? This morning. We had breakfast. How did she seem? Fine. Did she say she was coming here? I'm just wondering why you came here. To Bing Partridge's house. I questioned Vic the day of your accident, and she told me a driverless car ran you down. If it was Bing Partridge behind that wheel, you need to tell me. I'm telling you he has Vic. I believe you. And I believe you were both at that bus station because you were scared. But I didn't have the evidence to arrest Bing Partridge then and I still don't. Look, I-I don't know what you girls got yourself into, but I do know neither of you has told me the whole truth. If you wanna see your friend again, you gotta tell me everything. Something you should see, Tabs! 4-31. I'm at the 2-0-7 at 50 Meadowlark Drive. Copy? I need to patch in all units! I've got a suspect at-large wanted for murder and kidnapping. Legal name is Bing Partridge, a white adult male, age 42, 6'4", with dark-brown hair and a beard. Drives an '85 Oldsmobile Delta 88. Vehicle tag, 1-Ultra-4-Roger-Yellow-5. Check all known points of interest, including William White Memorial High School and SoChemPharm Chemical Plant. Be advised, suspect is likely armed and dangerous. He's taken two hostages, Craig Robert Harrison, an adult white male, age 18, 5'8", with shaggy brown hair, and a white female, age 18, 5'6", with brown hair. Her legal name is Victoria McQueen. Please. Help me! Get me out! I got you. Come on. Come on. No, I've got you! Mr. Manx, I caught a girl! Come and see! - Vic?! - Craig! Craig? - Craig, it's me, I'm here. - Oh, my God! Vic! Please let me out! Please let me out! Hey, what are you doing? He's my friend. We were gonna play Scissors for the Drifter together. Unless you wanna play with us. Hey, that's not how you play. You're not playing by the rules! Mr. Manx, she's cheating! Come on! Vic? Vic? It's locked. We need the keys. Please don't leave! - I'll be back, I promise. - Please. - ♪ Christmas, Christmas time is near ♪ - Tag, you're it! ♪ Time for toys and time for cheer ♪ ♪ We've been good ♪ ♪ But we can't last ♪ ♪ Hurry Christmas, hurry fast ♪ ♪ Want a plane that loops the loop ♪ ♪ Me, I want a hula hoop ♪ Shit. ♪ We can hardly stand the wait ♪ ♪ Please Christmas, don't be late ♪ Damn it. The girl's inside. Mr. Manx! Alvin. - Alvin! - Okay. ♪ Want a plane that loops the loop ♪ ♪ We can hardly ♪ ♪ Christmas, don't be late ♪ Victoria! - Very good, boys. - Let's sing it again. - Yeah, let's sing it again. - Victoria McQueen? Come out and say how do. ♪ Want a plane that loops the loop ♪ ♪ I still want a hula hoop ♪ No. No. - [High-pitched tone mas, - Christmas time is near ♪ ♪ Time for toys and time for cheer ♪ ♪ We've been good ♪ ♪ But we can't last ♪ ♪ Hurry Christmas, hurry fast ♪ The Shorter Way was impressive as advertised, young lady! But now it's gone! There's nowhere left for you to go! Except with me to Christmasland. ♪ That loops the loop ♪ ♪ I still want a hula hoop ♪ Victoria, don't make this harder on yourself. Come on out. Your turn. Oh, you don't wanna play? Okay. My turn again. Victoria? ♪ We can hardly stand the wait ♪ ♪ Please Christmas, don't be late ♪ Looks like you've gotten yourself into quite a pickle, Vic. Get the hell out of here, you friggin' creep! Takes a lot of brass to break into a man's house and tell him to git. It doesn't have to end this way. You can still see Christmasland. Don't worry, I'll see it. I told you, I'm gonna find it, and then I'm gonna burn it to the ground. And I told you there's but one way to get there. I'd hoped it would be in the front seat with me, but as it turns out, it looks like it'll have to be in the trunk alongside your loverboy. You need to let him go. Craig has nothing to do with this. He ruined you! And you broke my old heart, Victoria, because now you're not capable of providing my children with the love and the care that they require. You are, however, capable of providing them with a proper meal. Come out right now. Or you will be the one to burn. Pity. Take her to Christmasland with us. No impure girls in Christmasland today, Bradley. But not to worry. There's a snack for you in the trunk. Ooh, fire. Burn it down. As you wish, child. Come on, come on. God! We've come up empty, Tabs. Sharon Smith's body was found less than 24 hours after Bing Partridge abducted her. Vic McQueen doesn't have much time. I need you to get back out there and chase down any leads we can. Get with the neighboring counties, get with the state, do whatever you gotta do. All right? Where's Bing? Oh. The hell you doing, Partridge? I quit. No, Bing. You're fired. Cops have been around here looking for you. Put the phone down. You think you can talk to me that way, Partridge? I said, put the phone down! Please. Great. Thank you. Uh, I want a report at least in two hours, - if possible. Thanks. - I kn-know where he is. B-B-Bing Partridge, he's at SoChemPharm Chemical Plant. No. No. We had a unit search it a while ago, high and low. - He wasn't there. - He is there now. Did someone tip you off? No one tipped me off. My Scrabble Bag did. I'm a Medium. And my Tiles told me that Bing Partridge is at SoChemPharm Chemical Plant. You wanted the whole truth, Detective. The whole truth is that there are forces at work in this world... There are people in this world with abilities way beyond your comprehension. I'm one of them. V-V-Vic McQueen is another. Charlie Manx is a third, and he has Vic and Craig. And she wasn't lying when she told you that I was hit by a driverless car. She was telling the truth. And I know you didn't believe her, but you have to believe me now. Please. Bing Partridge might know where they are. Bing Partridge! We have a warrant for your arrest! Come out with your hands up! I hope that you never have to feel what it's like to disappoint people that you love. Say goodbye, Chris, because this proves that you are not ready. Where'd the bridge go? How'd you do that? The bats. You'll wanna be careful of those bats. Vic? Vic? Then I take care of him myself, - and I go down swingin'. - Kill him. For me. For Haley. For the next one. Vic, you're the only person who can help me stop this guy. The only person. God! Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 