Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks 
 s1e5 - Bonnie Springs and Vulture Mine - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Bonnie Springs and Vulture Mine - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MAN: [ Moaning ] Help me! MAN: Do you hear me? ZAK: The last several years, we have explored many locations. We have met hundreds of people... MAN: What you do is so valuable. ...many who have been deeply affected by our investigations. Has there been any really dark [bleep] up [bleep] that's happened? You didn't hear? Hear what? They killed him. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Are these dark spirits still plaguing these places... MAN: No. ...and harming these people? I can say that he was responsible for homicide in the asylum. It's time to find out. GHOST ADVENTURES - AFTERSHOCKS - SEASON 1 EP 5 -Palmer House and Mustang Ranch Yorktown, Texas, is home to the notoriously haunted hospital Yorktown Memorial and its caretaker Mike Henson. The building saw thousands of deaths... How many actual deaths do you think this place saw? It could be around 50 a year. That's about 2,000 deaths. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ...and gruesome murders. There was a murder in the basement. And it was supposed to be a triple stabbing, double homicide. We went there to investigate these deaths and claims of residual energy firsthand in 2011, and we were not disappointed. What are you gonna do to me? You want me to suffer? Since our investigation over three years ago, I'm still concerned about Mike's safety and the resistance that he's getting from the community. He's with us now to fill us in on that as well as shocking new information about the spirits that are checking in to the hospital. Are you still on the property? Yeah. You're still there? Wow. This spring will be my sixth year. From being there, documenting evidence of the spirits there, it is very active with paranormal events, phenomena. Have you ever felt that you were being affected by the spirits or the energy? Because, you know, somebody that spends a lot of time at... I mean, I can take about a day, a night at a place, doing an investigation, communicating with spirits, and I call it a lockdown hangover, where it's like I just went out and partied all night. And I cannot recoup for three days after. How have you been emotionally, physically, spiritually? Have you ever had some issues, some personal issues on property there? All the time. You can get an overwhelming dread, or you want to cry for no reason... Stuff like that. Have you done that? Have you walked in there and cried for no reason? Oh, well, no. I mean, I've come close, yeah. There ain't no doubt. And, you know, I've watched others do the same thing. You ask them what's wrong and they're, "I don't know." [ Laughs ] For no reason. Bryan Bernier is a paranormal investigator and a friend of Mike who has seen firsthand the lasting effects that living on the hospital grounds has on him. So, tell me, man, do you believe in ghosts? Yeah. Do you think Mike is affected by the spirits of the hospital? Yes, sir. Yeah. Yes. And in what respect, Bryan? Do you think he's, uh... I think he's bonded to them. I think they're bonded to him. Do you think it's changed him since he's been there? Yes, sir. You know, he lives there. He deals with them every day. You know, like, I can't walk in there broad daylight 'cause I feel like somebody's, you know, behind me or right there with me. I always get the goose bumps. Now, you know, I've had many ex-girlfriends, and a lot of them are ex-girlfriends because they've come over to my house and they've been affected by what has been attached to me in the past. Two weeks after I got home, I had a girl who I was dating at the time have a rosary get ripped off of her neck, taken about 50 yards down my hallway, placed in a guest bedroom with the door shut. And many of them have been physically affected by some of these spirits in the past when I was having issues. Thank God I'm okay now. Things have calmed down. But many of them have broken up with me because of this. It's crazy to say. Do you have a girlfriend? I date a lot. It kind of is exactly what you just said. Most girls, you know, they don't want to really have that deep of an association with that hospital. Have you had girls visit you and have problems? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. What kind of problems? Well, a lot of them, when they're in the trailer... And even my daughters... Females, it's almost like they're not supposed to be in my trailer. Why? Both my daughters, they'll be laying up in the top part and they'll get their legs grabbed, like they're getting pulled out of the bed, down the stairs. Women that I date, it's always the same thing. It's a stomach... You know, they'll feel like their kidneys are ready to blow up or their stomach's hurting really bad. Recently, one of them sat up. Right when she said her stomach hurt, I turned and looked at her, and, you know, I still can't say that it wasn't passing, but when I looked at her, something black came out of her back. Out of her back? Yeah, out of her back. And then what happened to her? She still felt like [bleep] She did? Yeah. Yeah, they physically... A few of them have had their hair pulled really hard. You know, I get my hair tugged on, but, you know, this is, like, move your head kind of. Seen people in my trailer, but yeah, there's a lot of activity in there. And it seems to kick up when a female enters. How are you doing now? Are people breaking in now? Have you ever been more threatened? Oh, yeah. Yeah? I get threats. People break in. Have you ever gotten into a physical altercation? Many. You have? Oh, yeah. Fights on property there? Oh, yeah. What's some stuff that's happened? For some reason, they think that there's nobody there, it's abandoned or something, even though there's a, you know, streetlight on in the back. And they get offended when they get caught breaking in. But I'm offended that they broke in. Some of them are drunk or high or something. Oh, a lot of them, yeah. Has there been any really dark [bleep] up [bleep] that's happened since we've been there? You didn't hear? Hear what? They killed him. ZAK: Dark entities are not the only spirits at Yorktown Memorial Hospital. Mike's donkey, named Spirit, resides there, as well. This beloved pet of Mike's was the first thing we encountered when we arrived at the hospital, and one of our most memorable moments. [ Snorts ] A donkey. Don't ever lunge a donkey's ass. We get an update on this treasured animal now. There's another Spirit that I want to talk about, and this Spirit we met when we were looking for you. And I'd like to show that. I don't see anybody, man. I don't know. It's right behind you. What the [bleep] [ Sighs ] You ain't heard? What the [bleep] is that? What's that? It's a donkey! You ain't heard? What the hell? Hang on one second. You didn't hear? Hear what? They killed him. Who did? If I knew, I'd be in prison. I don't know. He was like my kid, man. So, I would've... I'd still be in jail, I'm sure. But he buried not far from my trailer. Wow, man. We all have pets. I've got a pet dog, Gracie. And if anybody ever did anything to her, I would say the same thing. I'd be in prison. How did you cope with the loss? Not good. [ Chuckles ] Yeah, that was my little buddy there, so, yeah, not good at all. Broke a lot of things, threw a lot of things, you know? How was Mike when that happened? Freaked out. He loved Spirit. Really? Yeah, yeah. What was he going through? Losing a friend. It was his friend, you know? He's got all of us now, or whatnot, but, I mean, it was just a friend, you know? Spirit was close to him. He loved Spirit. Can you tell me what happened? How did you find him? Well, the night before he died, I saw him standing over... Right where he just came from, right around that corner. That first cedar tree, he was standing under it. I went up and, you know, he was just drooling out of his mouth and he was sweating. And the guy that castrated him don't live far away, and he knows a lot about donkeys. So, I called him and he was like, you know, "He's been poisoned. There's no doubt about it." Who do you think did it, and why? Well, there's people there that don't think we should be there doing this. Doing what? There's people in that town that are just so uneducated that they think that we're, like, exploiting the spirits or enslaving them, making them do what we want. Which you know is not even a possibility. But there's people that think we should not be there doing this. I know by being in the paranormal industry, you get that group of people. Well, a lot of them we have. Like, the paranormal can be really, really... It can be really nasty because it is, when you look at a bigger picture, it is a belief. Some people believe in spirits, and those that don't tend to do some really nasty things. And do you think that this is the type of scenario here? Exactly. So, you believe that people are kind of not agreeing with you allowing people into the hospital for ghost hunts? I've had people at the grocery store turn around and look and say, "I'll come back later," and walk away, you know, at the register. They'll just leave their stuff because I have an item behind them. Mm-hmm. So, yeah, there's a little stigma there, you know? Yeah. In addition to Spirit's death, other startling events have been taking place at the hospital. Mike Henson reveals some remarkable new evidence about an entity we met when we were there in 2011. Let's watch you telling us about Doug. I mean, he's a big guy. You're gonna like him. His name was Doug Richards. Down at the end of the hall, we were asking for Doug, which is the so-called name that they call him by. And about two seconds after I asked, from the left-hand side, right down here at the end, walked across. Very, very large shadow. Looked like a very, very large man. Doug was a heavy-equipment mechanic. Doug's one that will walk up to you... He's walked up and done this to my face before. Really? Yeah, Doug's a... He's as curious about us as we are him. We talked to him on an amp, you know, a sound-induction amp that's been tweaked to where it's live time. He passed in '73. Is this documented? This is from evidence. Uh-huh. And when I asked him, "Doug, where do you hang out mostly?" And he goes, "In the basement." I asked him, "How tall are you?" And he said, "I'm tall. I'm 6'4". You should know that." 'Cause he was the one that I would see all the time. And the spirit of Doug would be telling you all this? Yeah. There's a clip that we're gonna play that you provided with us. It is a very intelligent, distinguished Doug. Bill, roll that Doug EVP. Doug was a heavy-equipment mechanic. Doug's one that will walk up to you... He's walked up and done this to my face before. There's a clip that we're gonna play that you provided with us. It is a very intelligent, distinguished Doug. Bill, roll that Doug EVP. WOMAN: Doug, can you say your name for us? That's a pretty clear "Doug." Yeah. That's big validation there that this spirit is Doug. ZAK: The evidence is confirming that Doug does indeed reside in the basement. From our investigation, we found evidence that leads us to believe that there are other spirits down there, as well, that may be interacting with Doug. What's interesting is that, in the basement of the hospital, we captured some of our most compelling EVPs to date. We would get full sentences. Yeah. One of them... Billy, can you play that? Our digital recorder we left down in the basement where the double murder took place is capturing some chilling unexplained voices. The first one sounds like a woman moaning in pain. Pause. So, now that you're here and you've lived there for years, that noise right there, do you think that that is an animal? Or do you think it is a spirit? That's a spirit. It is? Yes. And what do you think, Mike, from spending so much time there, what do you think this unexplained female moan, as we called it, is? Do you think it's a residual moan of a woman in distress? 'Cause wasn't there a woman that was said to be killed here? Well, yeah, but a lot of bad happened in that basement when it was a drug rehab. They overpopulated it and understaffed it on purpose to make the cash. They told the people that were court-ordered, "Go downstairs. Do your time down there." And so... It was coed. A female counselor was carrying on with two male patients. The guy and the lady are standing here talking, the other guy comes through the door and he stabbed the lady first, and then he stabbed the guy. The guy took his knife and killed him with it. And that's their blood. Starting from... Yep, I see it. Do you think that this may be a residual sound? It could've been. There was others in there that had some bad things happen to them, too. Okay. [ Man scream ] Well, the other things that these other people may have had happen to them may be this next EVP. ZAK: This next EVP sounds like a complete sentence, and what's absolutely shocking is that it actually speaks of the double homicide that occurred down here. It's... It's very chilling. Especially the last part. Yeah. But if you listen to "it must be told," it almost sounds like there's another spirit talking to that spirit. There's another little voice there that's I'm just now hearing right now. Let me hear it again, Billy. You hear that, Aaron? I hear something there. The voice after "it must be told." I hear "kill 'em." Do you hear it, Mike? Yes. It is interesting that we didn't pick that up before, but the thing that I like the most is when we almost eavesdrop in on two spirits talking with each other. And here, now that I'm hearing that response after "it must be told," it sounds like another spirit talking with that spirit. So, it's like they are communicating on the other side, still, about, possibly, that double homicide. Right. When a spirit makes direct contact with the living, it can change your life. Mike has seen these occurrences happen firsthand to Bryan Bernier, who has had a shocking encounter with a spirit at the hospital named Stacey. [ Girl giggles ] Who do you think this little girl is? Her name is Stacey. We don't know her last name or, really, what happened to her, but we know which room was hers. [ Girl giggles ] And this Stacey has given a problem to your friend? Well, he took it as a problem. Why? He's just not used to it. I took it as her communicating. He asked for a sign. She threw a rock at him. So, tell me, man. Tell me about what happened with this little girl, Stacey. Y'all know the hospital, whatnot, the office that's up front. We were all sitting up front and, uh, I just got this urge to, you know, just go down the hallway and try to do a, you know, a little session, I guess, by myself. I sat down on a chair, just like this. I had my cell phone on my lap. I'm sitting there trying to talk to Stacey. I'm not really taunting her, I just want her to come out and, you know, see if I can see her or anything. Provoking her a little. That's fine. Yeah, yeah. If she's messing with everybody up front, and I'm by myself, I wondered what she would do to me, and she did. She was right there. And I hear her giggle. [ Girl giggles ] And then she throws a rock. And I got up, man. I was out of... I left my boots right there. I was scared. It was broad daylight, and Mike and my buddies, they jumped up. Right. And they were like, "What's going on?" And then the rock got tossed. And for a big guy, he can run pretty quick. Did he see her? Yeah. He saw her before she threw the rock. He asked for a sign. That's a good sign, you know? Right. BERNIER: You know, I didn't want to look or anything. I was, you know, kind of freaked out. Were you scared? Yeah. Yeah? It was... There's another definition of scared or fear when it comes to the paranormal. There's a feeling underneath your skin. The whole energy aspect of this is something we don't understand. Right. And to a lot of people, that sensation is addicting. Yeah. And it brings people back to locations. I'm so glad we live there, 'cause we go there all the time. Do you want to be attacked there? In a good way. Well, how is an attack... Good way, uh... You know, grab me or something, not... You know, not like throw me or push me down stairs or, you know, try to choke me. As investigators, we want to get evidence. Right. But there's times now where it's like I'm in direct contact with this spirit, and it's what I want, it's what this is all about, it's a special moment, but it's like now I'm trying to push them away. It's just like, you know, I can't do this anymore. Got so much of it. Yeah, you got to go. You got to get away from me. Those interactions are really having an effect on my body, personally. Just internally, my electrical system, it just drains me, you know? And we have the evidence to back up these encounters. Yeah. Get the [bleep] out of here! And the longer we stay in it, I see the more effects we have emotionally, physically, you know, mentally. You start asking yourself, "Am I really supposed to be communicating with the dead this much?" Right. "Am I really supposed to be opening myself up to the dead this much?" What does this do to the living body? Right, yeah. Like you said, it's draining you. It's just pulling everything out of you. It's got to have some effect on our systems. These spirits, this energy is almost like a spiritual drug. It takes you to another place. It does. Your emotions change. It's not your emotions, it's theirs. You transport yourself into someone else's reality. Right. And by doing that, we still, you know... There should be some kind of paranormal doctor studying the effects and symptoms and side effects of long-term exposure to interactions with spirits. And y'all been doing it for a long time, too, now, huh? Yeah. ZAK: Next, we reconnect with the employees at a different kind of medical facility with a dark history. The Trans-Allegheny Lunatic Asylum in Weston, West Virginia. We had an unprecedented live investigation that was one of our most shocking to date. And the activity has escalated since. The current owner, Rebecca Gleason, has opened its doors to the GAC crew, not once, but twice... During our "Ghost Adventures" live event... GLEASON: It's all extremely active. From that door right there slamming on people, from shadow figures darting across the hall, from black masses to orbs. ...and Paranormal Challenge. The portals are open. Let the challenge begin. Since our investigation, they have uncovered groundbreaking information through historical records about new spirits who were once residents of the hospital, and confirmed them using direct communication with the spirits. We sit down with her now to check in on those new revelations since we've last investigated at the asylum. The last time I saw you was Paranormal Challenge. Yes. How is the ghost-hunting business? Wonderful. Is it? Every weekend. So, the people are coming there still every weekend? Absolutely. And the preservation brings them back. Obviously, every year they want to come back and see what's new. And what I really like is, is how... And I'm not taking credit for this. I'm just stating that the paranormal, through television, a big benefit, I believe, is it gives our younger generations an excitement to learn the history and to give a better appreciation to preserving old buildings. You're absolutely correct. And a lot of these places, they just want to be forgotten. And you see that Mother Nature's just consumed them with... Absolutely. ...all the foliage, and just... That's done. That's it. All of the suffering, all the stuff that happened to the people back in that time. Just wipe it away. Yeah, just wipe it away, whatever. But I appreciate what you're doing, and you're still opening up for tours, you're teaching people about what these people went through. Absolutely, absolutely. And you're talking about the spirits. Yes, absolutely. I wanted to thank you, as well. When you came for Paranormal Challenge, you kind of forced me to jump into our case book. She's holding a book, a very special book that gives me chills. It details a big majority of the deaths that happened within this building. Names, occurrences, everything. It's absolutely amazing. These case files... When a patient would come in from 1890 to 1892, and those are the years we have, they would ask them a series of questions, 16 different questions. "What is your name? Where are you from? "Are you married? Do you have children? When were you first struck by your illness?" So, we're able to use that information and research them. We're putting all that information, that historical data, with the paranormal data. We have nine people so far that we can say that are absolutely in the building. And we've been... We've been able to find even more, and I think you may have stirred that up while you were there. But I also think that some of the preservation work in the different areas is also bringing more people out 'cause I think they feel more at home. And that's good. Yeah, thank you. [ Laughs ] Yeah, you're welcome. Thank you. The last I did see you was on Paranormal Challenge. The last Aaron saw you was about five years ago when we did our live special. ZAK: Let's put an X in here, Aaron, and see if we can maybe capture the dark figure that was attacking her. I'll tell you what, everybody that's watching this... Billy, you and I were talking about this last night. We were going through the show, and we were just looking at each other like, "Wow, we did seven hours live." You guys were amazing, I mean, absolutely amazing. So, when we were there doing our live special, there was a moment where we brought in some guests and locked them in seclusion cells. And what I want to do is, is I never sat down with you and kind of went over some of the evidence from that. I'd love that. So, I just want to show you this one piece. I don't know if there's a possible explanation or if you just don't know what the hell it is... I'll do my best. ...but I still remember this scream. It's imprinted in my mind, and it will always be imprinted in my mind because it was heard by several of us. ZAK: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Come here, come here. Hang on a second. What is that? What is that? What was that scream? Did you guys just hear that scream? Yeah. Yes. Loud and clear. Shh! Did you hear a female scream? Yes. Did everybody hear a female scream? Yes. Kelly? MAN: Yes. Now it's gonna be analyzed. MAN: Almost sounds like a girl screaming. We're wondering if this could be Lily screaming or, perhaps, Ruthie. I mean, talk about a blood-curdling scream. Yeah. Do you know what this is? I've got a pretty good idea. You do? Yes. Ward F was the most violent men's ward. That's where you guys are on this video. Next to that was the most violent female ward. Really? Which is very close to where you are now. The women were more feared than the men in the asylum 'cause you had no idea what they were gonna do. I mean, literally, you go to open a door and you had to peek through, you know, to make sure that there's no one that's gonna jump on you right away when you went into the women's ward. I mean, that was, like, the most feared place. We've never heard a disembodied, loud scream like this that loud, other than at Rolling Hills Asylum. What type of evil stuff did you do? The [bleep] is that? This scream... Inside, I was excited. I was like, "Yes!" "Live television... Please, spirits, do something, do something." And it just happened, and I thought this was awesome. That is awesome. And I still, to this day, always think about this scream and always wanted to sit down with you and play this so that you could give me some more possible information. Yeah, that's absolutely... I would say that's coming from Ward C. Right. And, yeah, it was always loud. They were always screaming. I mean, these... It was the worst of the worst women. Yeah, yeah. There's been new information uncovered about a gruesome murder that we learned about since our investigation in 2009. Let's talk about the ghosts. Tell us who the hell Big Jim is. Big Jim, we can't really discuss too much about because we can only talk names and specific incidences if it's 52 years or older. Now, Big Jim was there. He was there in the '90s and late '80s. He was? He was a real person? Yeah. He was a real person. Who was he? Can we talk about that or no? I can say that he was responsible for homicide in the asylum. Oh, he was? Yes. On Ward F. So, he killed somebody? Yes. Tell us who the hell Big Jim is. Big Jim, we can't really discuss too much about. Now, Big Jim was there. He was there in the '90s and late '80s. He was? He was a real person? Yeah. He was a real person. Who was he? Can we talk about that or no? I can say that he was responsible for homicide in the asylum. Oh, he was? Yes. On Ward F. So, he killed somebody? Yes. He had assistance, as well, with another gentleman who was on the ward. Was it the bedpost? Yes. That was it. Oh. Yes. So, everybody that didn't tune in over five years ago for the live special, can you kind of refresh our memory about this murder, because that is still imprinted in my mind because it's so visual and graphic. At the end of Ward F, which is the most violent men's ward, they have a room where more than one bed can be. The two gentlemen we're talking about, Big Jim and... We'll call him D... Okay. Okay. And D were in the room with another patient. They had it in their mind that they're gonna kill this guy, and they tied some sheets above one of the pipes, and the pipes were very high in the air, I'd say probably 18 feet in the air. But they'd tied some sheets around the pipe and they kept strangling this extra patient, this other patient. They kept bringing him up until he would pass out, and they'd let him down. Bring him up until he passed out, and then they'd let him down again. Eventually, they realized they were gonna get in a lot of trouble. And they laid him on the ground, they put the bedpost on the side of his head. On his temple, right here. On his temple, right here, and they... So, he was down like this, bedpost right was here. Exactly. And they jumped up and down on the bed until it went through his skull. It went through his skull. And then they actually changed their clothing, went up to the nurses' station in the center of this ward and said, "There's ghosts down there killing somebody." Hold on a second. [ Laughs ] I didn't get this detail before. Oh, yeah. Big Jim and D, the other man who just passed away... Yeah... that killed this man, they dressed up in civilian clothes? They changed their clothes, because their clothes were all bloody. They changed their clothes, they went to the nurses' station... And said that spirits... Ghosts were killing people at the end of the ward. And that's documented? They said that? That's documented, yeah. Oh, my gosh. Do you believe the spirit of Big Jim is there? We have placed Big Jim in Ward F, right beside that room. And he often communicates in that room and outside of the room, and throughout the entire ward. That's kind of interesting 'cause he can tell us specifics about the time period... Basically, the 1990s... That we didn't know already. And it's all documented, which is absolutely amazing. I mean, this is stuff that you can look up online. Do you believe that he is evil? I believe he's violent. Evil, I would say... Because you're insane, I don't think that's really being evil. I just... I just think they couldn't help it. Right. You know, there was something wrong in their minds. ZAK: Copperhead, an employee at the Trans-Allegheny Lunatic Asylum, opens up to us about his experiences with a spirit and former resident of the institution, Big Jim. Is he nasty? He can be. Has he had an effect on somebody you know? Yeah. Is his name Paul? Yes. Paul Cipar is currently an employee of the asylum. He lets us in on his connection to the facility. So, how the hell did you learn about Trans-Allegheny Lunatic Asylum? I saw your guys' show. I ended up going online, saw they did overnight hunts. Went down for one, kept going down for more and more and more. And just became a guide down there. How long have you known Copperhead? I've known him basically since the first time I was down there. We seem to get the best evidence. Any chance we get, me and Copperhead go into Big Jim's room together. The first time I was ever in Big Jim's room, Copperhead was using dowsing rods. I started feeling sick to my stomach, and actually left the room. COPPERHEAD: Jim has that effect. If he doesn't want you in there, you will get sick and you will have to leave. I just keep up, trying to get the session going. Paul comes back in, and I said, "Are you still here?" And over a spirit box, he got, "F you." And then there's another voice that says, "Yeah." Different voice. And then Paul... Paul, he says, "Man, I got to get out of here." He turns and starts walking out, and you can hear, "Bye, Paul." CIPAR: That was the first time I was ever in there, and somehow he had had my name already. Big Jim was the first experience I've ever had walking through an entity. It was like stepping into a shower that you think is warm, but it's actually freezing cold. And it just chills you to the bone. And it was just for a split second. And it's just one of my favorite places in the asylum to go. People think I'm crazy for it, but I like talking to him. What's been going on in terms of the activity since we last saw you? Well, since you have been there, we found a lot of old photographs. And we're trying to take the wards back to the original periods, and trying to take it back as old as we can. So, we've used these photographs to basically mimic, and to re-create those areas. Sometimes after investigations, the effects can be felt through a location like a paranormal ripple effect. Rebecca reveals to us more information about a chilling new spirit that has been brought to life since Paranormal Challenge in the Lobotomy Recovery area. The northern end of the facility, we've never had so much activity as we do now. Do you think that was from the team? I think you did something there. [ Laughs ] I think you did something. It wasn't me, it was one of the teams. Yeah, sure, sure. [ Both laugh ] But, yeah, we've got in the Lobotomy Recovery area, which is right around where you guys were, we've got someone who's very consistent. Consistent with doing what? Dragging his leg across the way, you know? When you're in the room, you can see him walking across the end of the hall, you know, back and forth. I want to show you a piece of evidence that we were given, and I want you to tell us if you know anything about these pictures. Billy. Ah. Have you seen any of these? Yes. I want to show you a piece of evidence that we were given, and I want you to tell us if you know anything about these pictures. Billy. Ah. Have you seen any of these? Yes. What is this? You are right now in the Lobotomy Recovery area. And we think that may be the person that's making all the noise and scaring everybody. This figure here? Yes. Okay. And we've got probably seven pictures of him so far. And he likes to be in different areas of the asylum. I've got him even in the forensics building, and "forensic" isn't forensics like we know it now where you're actually, you know, looking into this evidence. Forensic was for the most violent patients. It's not like Ward F, Which is the most violent of the asylum people. Right, right. This is actually they were committed to the asylum because they've committed a violent crime. So, that's how you get onto this ward, and that's what this ward was. Yeah. And I've got photos of him galore, and he is really creepy when you can see his face. Interesting. Have you seen people be attacked? No. I really think that it's all about your mind when you go in. I agree. I was just talking about that with our last guest. When you go in there, you can't be thinking about the negative stuff. You just have to go in thinking positive thoughts. Right. Be nice. You know, be respectful. I mean, it's amazing the amount of information you can get out of them if you ask them the right way. Don't go into things looking, "Oh, I'm gonna get harmed" or, "That shadow figure walking from there to there is gonna hurt me." You know, that's the thrill that most people want. But people don't understand, you know, there may be an innocent spirit that is trying to seek some help or a friendship or something else from us, and here we are not knowing that they're doing this and we're still provoking and taunting. And so, you know, we've been a big advocate in sending that message, you know, lately in the evolution of our investigations, too. Do you just want to... I just want to see. I want to communicate. But you want it all to be nice. But I know. I mean, I'm not ignorant. I understand that it was a mental hospital. You know, these people had problems with their mind. And do you ever get attacked? I've had things happen, like getting sick to my stomach. I've cried in front of things, but I've never been scratched or anything like that. So, do you provoke? I don't consider it provoking. Like, we go in and we'll mess around and stuff like that. We make sure we know where we're doing it, and we know what entity we're doing it with. So, you ask the spirits to attack you. Only specific spirits, but, yes, we do. I've learned certain spirits' personalities, and I would never provoke certain ones. And other ones, I would mess around with. Are you also aware that you're dealing with an insane asylum? Mm-hmm. And do you think that by doing that, you could be putting yourself in danger? Oh, yeah. 100%. Do you want to put yourself in danger? Yeah. Are you waiting for a big attack? Do you want to get punched? Do you want to get scratched? Do you want to get possessed? Just be honest, man. Yeah. I don't want to be possessed, but I think the scratching and everything else, I think that makes it more exciting. Are you just looking to have that thrill, or are you just looking to experience that spiritual force? That will prove to me a lot better... Than just the noises... Yep. ...the emotions... Yep. ...the EVPs. You want to feel the belief. Yep. I can't write off as easy, like, staring at my arm and seeing something appear than hearing a noise a couple feet away. You want that big old... That big old experience that's gonna shake you up. Yeah. I just made a point to someone I was interviewing before you and Trans-Allegheny Lunatic Asylum that, many people, that's the thrill they want, that's that moment of belief that they have to have, is to get attacked, to get a scratch, and you're validating this to me. ZAK: We've seen that in some people's quest to understand the unknown, they will go to any lengths to connect to the other side. He asked for a sign. She threw a rock at him. [ Girl giggles ] BERNIER: Man, I got up. Man, I was out of... I left my boots right there. I was scared. Do you want to get punched? Do you want to get scratched? Do you want to get possessed? Just be honest, man. I think the scratching and everything else, I think that makes it more exciting. We hope that they learn, as we have, that the path to the answers that they seek is not through aggression, but through respect and compassion of the spirit world. Subtitles Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 