Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks 
 s1e6 - Lizzie Borden and Black Swan Inn - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Lizzie Borden and Black Swan Inn - full transcript 
 The first half of this episode started with Zak explaining small details about the Lizzie Borden House, with clips from GA's Season 5 (2011) investigation. However, the interview with psychic medium, Liz Nowicki, led to Zak stating that this was the most controversial one for him so far. As the overall interview went on, it became very dark very quickly. Some of the details mentioned to Zak here is too gruesome to post here. Suffice to say, the women were attacked by an unknown evil entity. Unfortunately, there were only circumstantial evidence that the evil entity could be Lizzie Borden's father. Lizzie Borden interviewees: Lee-Ann Wilbur (owner), Liz Nowicki (psychic medium), and Eleanor Thibault (tour guide). The second half has Zak reviewing some evidence, from the GA's Black Swan Inn investigation in Season 8 (2013). An intriguing moment that was captured in the spirit box then was the code word from the owner's mother: Bossier. After the GA investigation of the house, the owner and her children seemed to have various amount of attachments to the place. For example, the daughter would sit up on her bed at night and sleep talk in a "foreign language." On the other hand, the son gets into trouble at times, but does not remember what happened to him. Also, some entity does not want the son to exit his bedroom. After the children left the interview area, Aaron Goodwin and Zak talked about their concerns for the childrens' welfare. Black Swan Inn interviewees: Jo Ann Rivera (owner and mother), Nathaniel Rivera (son), and Madison Maze (daughter). 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MAN: Glenn, help me! It won't let me! ZAK: The last several years, we have explored many locations. We have met hundreds of people... MAN: The work you do is so valuable. ...many who have been deeply affected by our investigations. Do you think your son is possessed? Are these dark spirits still plaguing these places... No! ...and harming these people? You were sexually assaulted by a spirit in that house? It's hard for me to talk about. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's time to find out. GHOST ADVENTURES - AFTERSHOCKS - SEASON 1 EP 6 -Lizzie Borden and Black Swan Inn Lizzie Borden. The name is synonymous with one of the most heinous crimes of the 1800s and a location that still haunts us to this day. In 1893, Lizzie Borden was tried for the gruesome double murder of her father and stepmother... Both found dead in their home, victims of multiple hatchet wounds to the skull. [ Camera shutter clicks ] Historically, Lizzie Borden has been erroneously connected to her father's death, even after she was exonerated from the crime. However, previous unpublished letters and court documents 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 have recently been released, disproving many theories and rumors that have been told about Lizzie for decades. The killer is still unknown today. Liz Nowicki is the resident psychic medium at the Borden house located in Fall River, Massachusetts, who we brought in during our 2011 investigation at the house. This is one of the most controversial interviews I have ever conducted. Let's see. When we saw you, we investigated Lizzie Borden's. Just to catch everybody up to speed, this was a building that was just home to a very, very gruesome murder. Yes. [ Camera shutter clicks ] Lizzie Borden was never... Was never convicted of this murder. Acquitted, she was acquitted, yes. She was acquitted, right. We brought you in to investigate with us because you are the resident psychic, right? Yes, psychic medium. Okay. What happened was not only disturbing for the spirit, but it was disturbing for us, and I'm gonna show that. Okay. Do you see an evil spirit here, Liz? NOWICKI: I just feel angry. I don't think Mr. Borden's happy with us. I'm sure he isn't. ZAK: Why do you think Mr. Borden's not happy? Again, I keep talking about his secret, and he doesn't want me talking about why I think he was killed. ZAK: At this point, Liz feels she may know why the Bordens were killed, but as she unveils this secret to us and out loud, out of respect for the deceased, who cannot defend themselves, we feel that the explicit material is inappropriate to be publicized. NOWICKI: You want me to tell them what I think happened? Why I think Lizzie wanted you dead? ZAK: However, it is during this moment, as this information is being said by Liz, that something dark enters the room and has an immediate effect on Nick and myself. I don't know, but I feel real nauseous. So do I. I feel like I'm gonna puke. So do I. I feel like nauseous. Mr. Borden, did you have [bleep] relationships with Lizzie? Liz, I got to be honest with you, that was disturbing in that moment. We did a s?ance. This flashlight in the corner of the room went off. That EVP gives me chills every time I hear it. Did you see me? I go... Now, you say that you think you know why Mr. Borden was killed. I think he was having a sexual relationship with her, and I think that it was going back and forth where she used him sometimes to get what she wanted, so it was like a brainwashing kind of thing. Well, when you started coming out and telling his spirit that at the house during this s?ance, we were totally unprepared for that. I mean, it was totally unexpected. You know, I was, like, "Whoa." Mr. Borden, did you have [bleep] relationships with Lizzie? I'm feeling dread in here. I'm feeling anger. Right, I know. I feel angry. I think there's something more sinister here. You can hear the anger in that voice while we were doing the s?ance, "Tell 'em about the girl!" I feel that his spirit was... Was getting inside of me and Nick, and honest to God, we wanted to do harm to you. And that's not an easy thing for me to say to you, Liz, but I remember, all of a sudden, it happened, and I'm holding that axe, and I started tapping it. At that moment, we felt it was best that you and Eleanor left the house because we couldn't explain what was going on with us. Right. It wasn't me. Mm-hmm. I felt hostility out of nowhere from that. I can't believe what I was thinking when I was holding that axe. It wasn't me, and we immediately got you out of that. We didn't say that on the episode. I'm saying that now. I... I believe you. ZAK: Lee-Ann Wilbur is the owner of the Borden house and has an intimate knowledge of the spirits there. Lee-Ann, you own Lizzie Borden's. I do. Wen we met you, you were telling us about how you like to keep the house as it would have looked at that time. As close as possible. Yes, let's watch it. It was here in this room that the body of Mr. Andrew Borden was found by his daughter, Lizzie. Where at? Right about... just... You were creeping me out here. [ Laughs ] It's part of my job. That is an actual copy of the crime scene photo. Somebody was very, very upset with Mr. Borden. We've tried to re-create the house to look exactly they did the day of the murders. You had a really weird look in your eye right there. Think I've spent too much time alone in the house. Usually I'm a little bit freaked out for lockdown, but during this interview, I was a little creeped out. [ Laughs ] What are your thoughts about Liz with these allegations, that Mr. Borden was sexually abusing Lizzie Borden, and that's the reason why Lizzie killed him, and her being vocal about this? Are you in agreement, or are you conflicting with her about making these type of strong statements to a dead man? I have heard those allegations before. Not just from Liz, but from other people. But the fact is, we cannot confirm anything that happened, so they're just allegations, and since Mr. Borden's not here himself, how can... We'll never know the truth. Eleanor Thibault is a tour guide at the Lizzie Borden house. We talked to her about the damaging allegations against Mr. Borden, as well as a vicious attack that she's had in the house. The last time I saw you, you, Liz, and myself, Aaron and Nick, we all did a s?ance together. Yes, we did. And at that point, we experienced some activity. Flashlight going on, some vulgar EVPs. Do you agree with her that she makes those accusations against Mr. Borden sexually having a relationship? Oh, yes. You do? Yes, I've been groped in the house myself. You were groped? Yes. Right after you left, I gave a tour in Lizzie's room, and I was standing against the wall... not leaning on it, but just standing, speaking to the guests, and all of a sudden, I felt this punch, I thought, in my back. Really strong, and I turned around. I thought maybe I walked into the door knob or something, but the door knob was on the other side. There was nothing in back of me that would give me this jab. Well, let me tell you, I had... It was sore for three days, and it was all red. Who do you feel that punched you? Oh, it was him, there's no doubt about it. No doubt. Who? Mr. Borden. ZAK: Psychic medium Liz Nowicki has alleged that Mr. Borden was having an inappropriate sexual relationship with his daughter, Lizzie Borden. We discuss this with her now. So, are you 100% sure that Mr. Borden raped his daughter? From being told by Mrs. Borden, yes. Okay, what about by other evidence? I don't have other evidence. Okay, so you're just going by the conversation you had with the spirit of Mrs. Borden? Yes, yes. I was just repeating what the other spirit told me, Mrs. Borden. I asked her why he was murdered, and she's the one who told me. Okay. Do you think that psychic interactions with the dead are strong enough to be as strong as evidence held up in a court to convict somebody of that? Do I think that personally? Yeah, yeah. We can never prove that because that happened so long ago. Right. But I just... honestly, I... I don't know if I feel that that's right to be vocally telling this spirit of this man who died horrifically with an axe that he was raping his daughter. What if it's not true? I believe it's true, Zak, I do. Do you think there's anything wrong with making those type of statements to a dead couple that had no evidence against them to support that Mr. Borden was having these sexual abuse against his daughter? Is it fair, you say? Yeah. Well, of course, we weren't there in 1892. Exactly. But you know, everything that happens today happened in those days. It was just hush-hush. Right, but it wasn't proven. But when we did the s?ance... Many times we do the s?ance, and Mr. and Mrs. Borden would come through. Mrs. Borden is the one... I feel sorry for her 'cause she had to live with him. She's... she's told Liz what happened, and every time she tells, that table shakes, you know. It's... I believe it. I really do. But there's the words "think" and "probably." Oh, 'cause we can't prove any of that. Exactly, so do you think that it's fair to be making statements like this openly to visitors and guests and tours? Well, I'm very cautious what I say because many of the visitors that come, they think that that's what happened, and I have to be careful because if I did or say anything, then I'll get punished by Mr. Borden. Mm-hmm. Has he punished you before? Oh, yes. After this time that you came with the fellas, oh, yes, I was punished week after week. Every time I worked, I was punished. I took the guests up to his bedroom, and I was explaining to the guests what we had, and all of a sudden, I felt this punch in my stomach, like something was going through me. I couldn't breathe. I had no air, and I felt like I was gonna pass out. I ran out of the room. I ran down the stairs, and I ran out of the house. And I stayed out of that house for about 15 minutes, and then I came back in, but I didn't go up to his room. I came in and sat in this dining room. Do you believe that you and Liz, coincidentally, are having these intense attacks because both of you are strong on your viewpoints that Mr. Borden has sexually abused his daughters? It could be. All I know is, that didn't happen until after you people left. Liz and Eleanor, they are 100% factual that Mr. Borden did these things to Lizzie, and they are open about it, and they tell him that. They provoke him with that. Maybe their claims of attack are being provoked by what they are saying. Right. I've never been attacked that way in the house personally. Have you said that to Mr. Borden like they do? No. No, I have to live with him, so I will never say anything like that to him. A lot of graphic conversations take place right here, and graphic, I mean in terms of what has happened to people. Attacks, possessions, oppressions, all kinds of stuff. Yes. And I know that you're here because you're gonna talk about something. Personal stuff that... Very personal. Yes. Okay. And that personal stuff that you're gonna talk about, I believe, has something to do with what we witnessed when you investigated with us. Okay? Yes. ZAK: To further my stance on why I think it's wrong that Liz and Eleanor accuse the murdered Mr. Borden of sexually assaulting Lizzie is new information that has recently been uncovered. Since our investigation, a book has been published with privately held letters and photos that show Lizzie as a person with respect and dignity, not a vicious killer who had a bad relationship with her father. The new information is a breakthrough in the way the public views the Borden family. I believe what you were saying, you were pissing off Mr. Borden. You ever covered your face after you said it because I think you know that you were gonna piss him off. Mr. Borden, did you have [bleep] relationships with Lizzie? That leads me to another question. Is it true that you were sexually assaulted by a spirit in that house? [ Sighing ] Oh. I don't like when you say that. How am I supposed to phrase it? I'm sorry, I feel... It's hard for me to talk about. What happened? What night was this? This was Halloween night. Who were you there with? I was doing my last s?ance in the house. I haven't been back since, and I won't go back any more 'cause I'm done. What was going on at this particular night that led up to this? I was asked to come in. I didn't want to come in 'cause I was already backing away from the house. I went in, and I had a horrible feeling. There was 15, 20 people. I didn't know I was gonna have a hard time talking about it. Let's just talk about, event to event. What did you start feeling? I was feeling a lot of cold drafts around me, a lot of... And after the cold drafts, what else did you start feeling? Fear, a lot of fear, and... In what form? Did you feel him start touching you? Not at this point. I just felt, like, in trouble. I wanted to quit the s?ance, but I had all these people. I had to keep going, and I didn't want to keep going, but I had to keep going. And then I started feeling cold drafts around me, and I kept, like, looking, 'cause I'm seeing him go back and forth, face to face, like, his face will come that close to me. And he warned me. So you can't tell me what happened? I can. Can you? When did you start feeling touching on you from him? Probably right before the actual attack, so I started feeling really cold and very anxious. Like, I kept turning around and looking around, and I kept feeling cold hands. Where? On my back. Mm-hmm. And this led up to the attack? Mm-hmm. Can you tell me about the attack? Not yet. Then... Then the cold hands were on my legs. And I know I'm having a hard time saying it. I'm worried about it being on TV because it's kind of bad. Like, I don't know how to say it without being so descriptive. You can say what you feel is comfortable. So, were you sitting down at this point, still, at the s?ance? Yes, I'm sitting down. [ Mumbling ] So I started feeling cold hands, and I wanted to quit, and then I went... I went cold from the waist down. I felt frigid ice cold from the waist down. Okay, is that all you felt? Mnh-mnh. That's not all I felt. I felt the most excruciating pain of my life. Where? Um... Violated. I'm just gonna say violated. Okay. [ Sniffles ] That's it. Have you heard about Liz and the claim that she had a sexual attack during a s?ance? I did not hear that one, no. She has turned down s?ances. I have guests who do want to experience that, and she has politely refused, but she never came out, until you just told me, of why exactly. I recall the s?ance. I was there for part of it, and I do recall that she left the house very quickly afterwards, not... Not telling me exactly why. She just had to go. Were you there when Liz got sexually abused on this Halloween night? No, no, I wasn't there that night. Did you hear about it? Did she come to you about it? Oh, yeah, she was a wreck. She was a wreck. She came over to my house crying and shaking, and I had to try to... I had to try to calm her down. She was a wreck, but like I said, I have been groped myself. Not as bad, but right in front of a gentleman guest. Groped sexually. Yes! I was talking to this gentleman, and I turned around. I said, "Oh, I think my earring fell down my blouse," and he said, "No, it didn't." I felt something cold go right down, right down to my waist. And I didn't say anything to him. I, like, ignored it. But, yes. Do you think this was Mr. Borden's hand? Oh, God. It had to be. Have you ever been attacked to the level that Eleanor and Liz claim? No, not in that way. I've been pushed. I've been shoved. You have? Oh, yes. But I've never felt threatened in the house. Do you blame the spirit of Mr. Borden on this? Is that who you're holding responsible? Well, he wanted me out of the house, and he wanted me to quit what I was doing, and he's warned me before in the past. So the answer of who this spirit you believe violated you sexually is who? [ Sniffles ] I can't say. Do I deserve it for talking about him? I just did what I was... I did it for Mrs. Borden and for Lizzie, and I basically was trying to tell people what I believe led to this, and if I offended anyone in the meantime... I don't go around accusing people of things like that. Well, I appreciate you coming out here, leaving this interview on that note. I'm gonna leave it at that, okay? And everybody else can make up their own opinions on this, but you know, with such strong statements to a dead man, there's gonna be some strong opinions that are gonna be associated with this. I don't ask for anyone to believe in that, Zak. I was just repeating what I was told. Well, sorry that you were attacked in this way, and you seem to be recovering from the event and not doing these s?ances anymore, which I think is a good move on your part. Right. So, thank you for coming out here. I know it took a lot of courage to talk about this. And I do... I really do appreciate it. Okay. While we can't confirm with undeniable certainty that it's Mr. Borden attacking the women who work in the house, it is clear that whoever or whatever is trapped within its walls is deeply and disturbingly negative. Now we look at another residence, the Black Swan Inn, where a negative entity is targeting Nathaniel and Madison, the children who live in the home. Ever since, I guess, y'all came, I would just feel, like, something would want me to stay in my room. Something like a ghost? ZAK: We're talking with Jo Ann, the owner of the Black Swan Inn. We investigated the property, which was infested with sinister energy, in 2013. The property has seen many deaths from the gruesome Battle of Salado, fought on the grounds in 1842. But more recently, the passing away of her beloved mother in the house. The dark energy at this location is so profound that I'm concerned that it's starting to take ahold of Jo Ann and her children. So, how you doing? Good, thanks. Good to see you again. You, too. I remember when we investigated your home, the Black Swan Inn, while were there, still to this date, a piece of evidence and a moment I think about almost every day. And I still ask myself and wanted to have you come back so we could have a face-to-face. Do you remember doing this SB7 Spirit Box session with us? Yes, I will never forget that. I want to replay that moment, okay? Sure. [ Oscillating static ] Bossier. Huh? Bossier. That's what it... That's what it sounds like. Hang on one second. Let me see. At this moment, Jo Ann is visually and emotionally stunned as this voice that we replay is her and her mother's code word, "Bossier." Bossier, what does that mean? Bossier is our code word. Really? That's it? Yeah, Bossier, it's where she liked to go play... She liked to gamble, in Bossier. That's what that means? Yeah. I'm, like, that's where she wanted to go before she died. She was in East Texas, and she was gonna go to Bossier to gamble. I mean, that's the first time she's using her voice. That's, like... That's excellent. Like, oh, my God. That's just amazing. Sorry. You all right? Yeah, it's just an amazing thing, and it was... I don't know. To experience it. I mean, truly, had you not felt the warmth of her love, we would never have played it back, and Bossier would have meant nothing to you, and I would have missed that moment. It was a strong connection. It was a moment I'll never forget in my life. Is the passing of your mother in the house, and the communication that you have with her, does that keep you at the house? It's a big part of it. I mean, that the house is a big part of me. I feel very connected to the property, and I always have. I mean, from the very beginning. People were telling me not to buy it, that I was a crazy person for wanting to do it. I was a single woman, what was I thinking? I felt connected, like it was to something that I absolutely had to do. And my mother was a big part of all of that. I mean, she was there with me all the time, and so now, the question has come up about, you know, "How long will you stay? How far can this all go?" And now, it's like from my mother. I mean, we're connected there. I can see the real reason why you stay in that house. It's an intense house, that's for sure. I know, and I believe that there are many other spirits there, and some of them are powerful, maybe negative, but this moment right here is why I believe that you stay there, and you stay strong to let them know that this is your house, this is your family, and that your mother visits you, just like she visited us in that moment. Right. What I'm trying to do is, is just really prove the authenticity of this piece of evidence, and you know, part of me being here with you is to get updates on how you've been since we left. But when I do have the moment to have a third-party person that was part of our investigation, that witnessed a particular piece of powerful evidence, I like to address it with you sitting down in front of people that are watching us right now to understand the impact that some of the devices that we use do, indeed, give us some very proof-positive evidence that people that were once alive, including your mother, are speaking through the device. The first time we met you, right off the bat, you laid it all out to us. You said that you and your children are experiencing things in that home that have to do with unexplained things, spirits, or whatnot, okay? Let's watch that. I've never let anybody talk to my children about what they've experienced or what's going on. Are you gonna let us talk to your children? Yeah, that's the plan. ZAK: Madison, have you... have you ever seen anything in here, up in your room and stuff? I saw a shadow, and then I went back to bed, and then I saw two little glowing red dots. Where did you see the little glowing red dots? Over there by the shelves. Were the red dots in the shadow person? Yes. Did they look like the eyes? Did it move? Yeah. I kept getting pinched in the middle of the night, and then my blanket would always get pulled off. And then when I woke up, there's bruises on my legs. Have you ever seen anything else? No, not in here, but technically in the stairwell over there. It was like a mist, but it had, like, a white line in the shape of a skirt or something. Like, staying still right on the stairs. So, what do you guys want us to do while we're here? See what goes on in the middle of the night. Okay. Well, that's what we'll do for you, we promise. Scout's honor. But more importantly, I think you got to know that you're okay here. This is your home. Yep. And you're both strong. Can I ask you a question? Sure. Do you want to talk about some of the other things that have been going on in the house since we left? We like to get an update on what's happening with you and your children. Well, I mean, I've been living in the house now for almost 30 years, so some of it I'm kind of used to, but it's interesting to see what's happening with the kids, although y'all didn't experience the darkness of the upstairs. We're still living with that energy. We were only there for a small time. Right, right. So maybe it just didn't make itself known to us. And it doesn't happen all the time, but it's interesting, between Nathaniel... When you get to talk to him again, you'll see. Lots of things happen to him that he doesn't remember. ZAK: We're sitting down with Jo Ann, the owner of the Black Swan Inn, who is revealing to us shocking new developments that have been taking place with her children in the house. Nathaniel, when you get to talk to him again, you'll see. Lots of things happen to him that he doesn't remember. Is he doing okay? He is struggling. I'm working really hard to put all the pieces together. He gets a lot of dizziness. Does he get it when he's outside of the house? No... well, it's more like when he leaves. If he's going out the door, he'll get to where he feels really dizzy. To me, it's like the room doesn't want him to leave that room. It's interesting that it's only one specific room. Just that room? It's just that one particular room that these things happen, and it's historically been that way. I mean, I've read back through some of the travel books that were written by different authors, and there's always some kind of comment about someone that they interviewed that stayed in this particular room, and they all experience the same things. If it was different things, I'd say, "Well." But it's always the same scenario. So I'm looking at all of it. I'm certainly never gonna rule out paranormal, but I'm also looking for all the actual scientific, physical, medical reasons as to why they have these experiences. Hearing about the negative effects that Jo Ann's children have been experiencing as a result of a negative entity in the house is making me very concerned for their spiritual safety. I talk to Madison and Nathaniel now to get more insight on their disturbing situation. How you guys been doing? Good. Good. You're a little more grown up since I saw you last. So, how you been doing, Madison? Good. Good? Do you remember when I met you last, we did an interview, and you were telling me about this dark figure with red eyes? Mm-hmm. I saw a shadow, and then I went back to bed, and I then I saw two little glowing red dots. Are you still seeing any other weird things with red eyes? Uh... I mean, I see shapes moving, but I've moved to a different room, so... You've moved to a different room? Yeah. Was there a time where you were taking a shower, and something happened with the mirror? Yeah, it was, like, prints everywhere and smiling faces. Creepy. Smiley faces on the mirror? Yeah. Did you see them create in front of your face, or it was like somebody did that? Yeah. Okay. Nathaniel, you didn't sneak in and were messing with her, were you? 'Cause I guess I was in my room at the time 'cause I normally just stay in my room. Yeah. Madison, does he spend a lot of time in his room? Yes. With the door shut? Mm-hmm. Yeah? I guess sometimes, like, whenever I'm out of my room, and we're not even near the house. I would just feel nervous. I don't want to speak as much. Like, I just want to stay still. Like, I want to stay at my house. In your room? Mm-hmm. Like something's bringing me back to the room, or something wants me to keep... Something wants me to stay there in my room. Something wants you to stay in your room. Stay in my room. Nathaniel will have these moments that he's extremely angry and physically strong. I mean, you get into confrontations with him, but then he doesn't even remember... Doesn't even know that it happened. And it's like he's not even really there. It's like there's somebody else that's there. That sounds like a possession. Do you think your son is possessed? No, but I do think that there are moments that something goes through him. Is channeling through. Is channeling through him. Madison, do you ever notice your brother acting kind of weird at home? Yeah, he recently got into a fight with my sister, and I guess he, like, pinned her against the wall, and then she noticed that his eyes were, like, pitch black, like something got like, into his eyes or something. Do you remember that, Nathaniel? Not much of the fight. After the fight, I remember watching TV, and then falling asleep right after. Do you remember the fight with your older sister and pinning her up against the wall? Not as much of the fight. I just remember watching TV, and then falling asleep. Were you there, Madison? Yeah, I was, like... I was in the next room watching. Did it just happen all of a sudden? Was there any reason why it happened? I mean, it was, like, over, I guess, something... He just, like, really slammed her. Slammed her with a lot of force. Yeah, it didn't seem like him. It didn't seem like him. And you don't remember it, Nathaniel? I only remember the after. And who saw his eyes that were all black? It was Victoria, but I kind of noticed in the corners... really black. You could, too? Yeah. Nathaniel, you said that something wants you to stay in that room. What does "something" mean? I don't know. It's just that... it's like a natural feeling to me, but it's... Ever since, I guess, y'all came, I would just feel like something would want me to stay in my room. Something like a ghost? A ghost, I guess. It makes me feel, like, I guess, I'm alone. Even though there's my family around me. But when I go up to my room, I'm feeling not as alone, even though no one is near me. Even though you're alone, something is in there with you. Mm-hmm. Madison is the one that sits up in the middle of the night and speaks in some other language and will have, evidently, whole conversations that nobody knows, and we can't wake her up. They can't wake her up, and we were... ZAK: So she's sleeping and talking? She's sleeping and talking. To something in another language? Yes. ZAK: Have you ever heard Madison talk in a different language? No. Do you ever recall that, Madison? I mean, like, when people say I do, like, before that in the dreams, I guess, like, I know something bad's gonna happen, and it happens. You know that something bad is gonna happen in your dream, or when you wake up? When I wake up, like, to my sister. It's just like a dark force coming around people. You know that something bad is gonna happen to your older sister when you start dreaming and speaking in this other language? Mm-hmm, 'cause it's, like... it's... Why do you call it something dark? 'Cause it seems like something's controlling other people, but I'm not afraid of it. In your house? Mm-hmm. Is Nathaniel different now that he's here? He's been very affectionate and very close to me. It's interesting because... Is he like that back at home, while in the house? No, when he's at home, he's more... He stays in his room more. And he's being more affectionate with you while you're here in... Yeah, he's much more connected to me, telling me, "Mom, I love you." Wanting to hang out together. I think he's being affected by something in that house. I agree with you. There is something going on. ZAK: We've been hearing from Nathaniel and Madison about the deep and disturbing effects that the entities in the house are having on them. Their mother, Jo Ann, tells us now about shocking new information that she just learned from her children. JO ANN: They don't always tell me everything. I mean, they're typical kids. They're sitting in there now, and they're talking more about Madison speaking in different languages, and how they can't wake her up, and how Nathaniel's... When he's in these trances or rages or possessions or whatever it is that's happening with him, those dynamics, how it doesn't seem like him. And then when it's over, although it's emotionally intense and horrible at that time, when it's over, he's exhausted, and then he doesn't remember it. What's going on with that particular room? You know, I'm sure that when we go home, he's gonna be saying, "Mom, I want to move out. I want a different room." Neither of you are afraid of the house, right? You're not afraid? I'm not as afraid as I used to be. Like, mainly I would be afraid to go downstairs by myself. But you're not. You're more attached to it now. I'm more attached to the house. Do you want to be there right now? Yeah, sometimes. Like, I'll feel like I want to go back home. And just be in your room, right? Just lay down. Yeah. Okay. Thank you for coming here and talking to me again. You're welcome. Why don't you guys go ahead and run out there, okay? Aaron? AARON: Later, guys. Yeah? Do me a favor. Can you have a seat? Mm-hmm. Look, I've never brought Aaron to sit down here, but right now, I'm, like... I'm concerned. Dude, I was sitting there listening, especially when you were talking to the mom earlier and talking about the kids. And now the kids talk... It's like, they're totally attached to that house. It's like straight out of a movie kind of, man. Right. He's walking in dark rooms, seeing things, more comfortable staying his room than he is outside his room. And that right there is an energy pulling him in there to keep him out of there. He's probably, you know... The caring side of me or any grown-up that's sitting here can see what is causing the problem with children. And it's easier 'cause you're outside the box, and they're caught up in it. What they were telling me, you don't even know. I was frozen in my chair right here. I was frozen holding the camera. I didn't know how to react to that. I can only talk to the mother. Right. So, you having your children there, and these symptoms that I'm hearing that your children are experiencing. Honestly, I'm concerned, you know. I'm very concerned for your children. Are you attached to that house? I am attached to the house. I love that place, and that, again... Do you think that attachment is stronger than taking you and your family out of there, if they're being victimized by something negative? No, I don't think so. I think that the house... Whatever my connection is, it's like we have a lifeline. And so through this lifeline, the house will protect me. When is your breaking point? When is enough enough to get your children out of that house? It's a beautiful house. Beautiful property. I loved it. But what do you think? What do you think is the right thing to do at this point if your children, you feel, are being affected? For me, at this point, it's still about digging. It's still about finding what's going on. Why am I so drawn to the property? I was drawn to it before my mother passed away. I was connected to it before that. I was connected before I got married and had children. There's a reason that I'm there, and I'm trying to figure that out. Do you believe your children are being affected negatively by the spirits? I think my children are being affected. I don't know that it's completely negative. I think that there's... There's positive because my mother is there. They get a lot of the positive. There is also something that is negative and darker, and it's gonna be about finding a balance, and if I can't figure the balance out, or if they, in their journey, can't come to start to figure it out, you know, then we'll have to make a different decision. ZAK: We've seen that a home can turn into a paranormal cocoon swarming with negative energy to those living within. Something wants me to stay there in my room. While those affected may never be able to shake the memories of the traumatic events that happened inside the walls... I felt the most excruciating pain of my life. ...we hope that they take the knowledge that they've received from those experiences and move on. Subtitles Diego Moraes  www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 