Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks 
 s1e4 - Palmer House and Mustang Ranch - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Palmer House and Mustang Ranch - full transcript 
 Zak reviewed some previous evidence from the GA's Season 7 (2012) investigation of the Palmer House Hotel. However, the owner of the hotel did not reveal to GA about a crucial piece of evidence that only she knew at the time. It was about Sinclair Lewis, the first American to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1930, was an on-and-off employee of the hotel in the past. According to the owner, she was confronted by the spirit of Sinclair Lewis, telling her that he hid one of his manuscripts in the basement walls of the hotel. If this rumor is true, it would change the literacy world, according to Zak. While all this was revealed to Zak later, a psychic told him about a demonic entity that was shaped like a wolf, with red eyes, that also haunts the hotel's basement. She fears for the owner's safety, but the owner insisted to Zak that she must carry on her duties as owner of the hotel. Palmer House interviewees: Kelley Freese (owner) and Chris Schneider (psychic).[6] Zak reviewed some evidence, from the GA's investigation of the Mustang Ranch in Season 8 (2013). After that GA investigation, it seems that the spirits have grown in strength there. The new evidence somewhat revealed (but not confirmed) that there is a friendly spirit protecting one of the female employees from the other spirits. The manager of the place mentioned that the ladies working there do not want to enter Room B1, no matter what. Mustang Ranch interviewees: Tara Cann (manager), José Carranza (an employee), Jan Tufford (psychic), "Lucy" (another employee), and "Phoenix" (working girl). 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MAN: Glenn, help me! It won't let me! ZAK: The last several years, we have explored many locations. We have met hundreds of people... MAN: What you do is so valuable. ...many who have been deeply affected by our investigations. Feel extremely unsafe. Are these dark spirits still plaguing these places... No! ...and harming these people? I feel surrounded. I feel... [ Gasps ] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's time to find out. GHOST ADVENTURES - AFTERSHOCKS - SEASON 1 EP 4 -Palmer House and Mustang Ranch The Palmer House Hotel, owned by Kelley Freese, located in Sauk Centre, Minnesota, was one of the most emotionally traumatic investigations that we've ever been a part of. It was built in 1901 on the site of the Sauk Centre House, which mysteriously burned to the ground in 1900. During our conversation, Kelley reveals an astounding secret she has concealed for years that may change the course of history. Good to see you again. It's good to see you. How are you? I'm well, thank you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So, listen. I remember when we investigated the Palmer House, the one thing that I noticed right off the bat is how emotionally affected you were by the spirits. So, I want to just show this before we go any further, okay? You okay? [ Breathes shakily ] I feel surrounded. I feel... [ Gasps ] [ Device beeping ] Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa. .8. .8, .5. Whew, I feel a tightness in my chest. I feel like, just, slammed by it. Lookit. This is documenting right now there's something around you. Now, what's interesting about that is that, when you felt that, we started feeling it. And for any skeptics... Skeptical viewers or whatever... The Mel meter device, which measures for electromagnetic energy, detected a very unusual spike and just went away. So, to have that device validate what you were feeling at the same exact time, I don't think that's just a coincidence that we should ignore. And so, since we were there last, how have you been? Okay. And I took you guys' advice, very much took it to heart, about needing to actually remove myself and learn to take a day off, and... Just one day? Well, that's a start. [ Laughs ] Were you addicted to that place? Or are you? Totally. You are, aren't you? Yes. Are you there all the time? Yes. Are you a workaholic? No. So what is... Why are you addicted to that place? What keeps you just wanting to be there every single second? Why don't you take a break from it, if it's affecting you this much, Kelley? Mm. Mm... Is there something... Because I feel a responsibility to them. To them. Yeah. Who's "them"? To my unregistered guests. ZAK: Chris Schneider is a psychic medium with a deep spiritual and emotional connection to Kelley and the Palmer House Hotel. We check in with her to see how deep these connections have grown since we've last seen her. What connection do you have to not just the building, but to Kelley herself? And are you empathetic to Kelley? I'm very empathetic to Kelley. I seem to know when I need to come to the Palmer House to either help her or help her discern what's going on. She told me in a bit, during our filming there, that she saw these dog-wolf-like creatures with red eyes. I want to show that to you. ZAK: And now, Kelley opens up to us about an apparition she once witnessed in this very same spot. FREESE: There was a large, black dog-wolf. Creature-looking thing? Yes. And red eyes. Kelley, that's not good. That's demonic. [ Sighs ] Yeah. In my experiences, hearing something like that, when there's no real black dog with glowing red eyes, you know, what is this? A spirit of a little kid? No. No. [ Growling ] There was a time when you went into the basement, where it was like you were being channeled through. And you kept saying, "The dogs are coming. The dogs are coming." You need to talk to me. NICK: I think we need to pull her away from the area. The dogs are down here, and I've got to take care of them. Time to go away. Oh, bup-bup-bup-bup-bup! Chris? Do you believe that the dogs that you're referring to are the same type of dogs that she was seeing, the evil creatures? Whoever I had channeled was trying to communicate his time frame, his dogs. But I also think, had the connection not been broken with us, I think I might have gotten more information about the dogs with the red eyes. But I understand what happened and how everybody was overly concerned about me and had to get me away from that area. NICK: Time to go away. Oh, bup-bup-bup-bup-bup! Chris? Is this a human spirit? [ Sighs ] No. Is it a demon? I don't think so. It doesn't... It doesn't present itself in that fashion. It does if you're looking for it to do that. Right. And it tries to trick you. So, in essence, that could be very demonic. It would be far more active. It would be far more... It would be doing things that are worse than what's going on there. So I don't believe that that one is as active as it used to be. Okay. I do know of that one, and he is called "He Who Walked With Man." ZAK: We're talking to Chris Schneider about a powerful and ancient entity that has an overwhelming presence at the Palmer House Hotel. Is this a human spirit? [ Sighs ] No. Is it a demon? I don't think so. I do know of that one, and he is called "He Who Walked With Man." Since we left, have you had any negative experiences there? And I'm asking you to get very personal, but you don't have to. I just think that, you know, we really want to see what is affecting you and if there's something deeper that we should know about that could possibly be influenced by the spirits at your hotel. I've... As far as when you guys were there and that interview happened... I feel surrounded. I feel... [ Gasps ] ...I'd never had anything like that happen before, and I've never had it happen again. What do you think that was? Who do you think that was? I can say I felt it was male, that it very much felt like a male dominating presence. Almost felt a little bit like it was somebody that felt like maybe they deserved to be in front of the cameras and not me. Do you think this human spirit likes you or wants you to leave? I... wouldn't say they like me. Do I think we've reached a bit of an impasse? I mean, even during that interview, I-I... Parts of it I do remember, because I don't... There's parts that I've never remembered. Were you kind of blacking out? There are just blanks. I don't even really know what happened. I remember when you so kindly came to me and said, "Kelley, let's get you out of here." And I just said, "No, I need to do this. This is my place, and, you know, I'm not going to be bullied, either." Well, there's no better feeling, on our part, than helping someone any way we can. This is a... This is a weird field. We don't understand a lot of things. But we understand the feelings and the emotions that other people are having from things that other people don't understand and may think that we're crazy. And, you know, it's a powerful thing. It felt really good to just be there for you and to try to help you. And you seem to be very strong. And what you just told me is the most important thing that I've heard, is you don't want to be bullied. And that's a message that I send to all my fans, viewers, everyone, in the real world and in the spirit world. You stand strong, and whatever that force is that's trying to bully you will eventually submit. But I still have a concern for what spirits they are. And you said that that was the last time you felt the impact of that energy, during our interview. Well, our Mel meter and our electromagnetic field detector wasn't the only thing documenting evidence during that emotional outbreak that we all felt. We also got some hard-core EVPs that seems to suggest a powerful man, and I'd like to play these EVPs. We regroup with Kelley to review a series of very unsettling EVPs we captured during our earlier interview with her. I mean, usually I'm happy to show people good EVPs. This is the one time where I'm not. Obviously there's something right here, as you can see it on the wave form. ZAK: .7. I hear "I'm following her." .7. .7. That is precisely what it sounds like. To further prove the legitimacy of this EVP, we play it back directly from the recorder that captured it. .7. Are you okay? FREESE: Yeah. Wow. NICK: On that EVP, right before you hear the EVP, the Mel was going off. [ Static ] The Mel meter was picking up probably the same energy that was having an emotional effect on you. Pause, Billy. What's interesting about this is that I pick up on that Mel meter alarming at the same time the EVP came through, which I believe the Mel meter was indicating the disruption in the electromagnetic field being generated by that antenna, which would be the spirit giving that voice. Can you continue, Billy? This is a creepy one. [ Warbling ] I'm hearing, "They're coming to get you." [ Warbling ] To have Class "A" EVPs... That's good, Billy. That EVP was the most disturbing for me. 'Cause there was all that vocal tone in it. And we matched it when we, you know, captured it, the time when we captured it, and there was no contamination there. It was a crisp, clean EVP caught in silence with tone. "They're coming to get you." Interestingly enough, in that room where you were interviewing me, when I had seen the image, I had been in the room, and it was actually in that doorway. It was even right in that same area. Do you think what you saw could possibly be connected with this dark, deep voice saying "They're coming to get you"? What do you think this voice is? Do you think these voices are all being directed at you? [ Sighs ] The part about "They're coming to get you," I'm not so sure they weren't coming to see you. Really? Could possibly be us? Yes. Yes. Yeah, okay. ZAK: Spirits can take many forms, as we've seen in this case. While we can't determine its origin, it's obvious that it continues to affect those it comes into contact with. We talk with Chris to get more insight on this. What do you think is affecting Kelley? Kelley is the guardian. That's what I said. She is. She's the guardian of the Palmer, she's the guardian of all the spirits that are there. It's the Palmer-House effect. It's walking in there, it's falling in love with the hotel, and it's liking the homey atmosphere. I know how crazy that sounds, falling in love with a hotel. No, it's not crazy. But it's that way. It's the people that are there, it's Kelley. It's how she treats her guests. It's how she treats her staff. She's there to guard everything. I believe it's possible that the spirits of the Palmer House, like you say, are possibly there because they may like the energy of Kelley. Mm-hmm. And because of that, do you think there's a spiritual war of who gets to her? And also, you know, "We want this done. We want you to find this." Yes. Absolutely. Do you think it's kind of like that? You know, "I don't want you in charge. I'm in charge." Do you think there's multiple spirits? Because Kelley is a very, very nice woman. Very good person. I like her. And I care about her. And I hate to see anyone in distress or emotionally affected by, you know, spirits. You being a psychic medium, do you think she's in danger? I don't believe she's in danger. I really, truly believe that... she needs to be very careful on... How much she opens up? I agree. ...how much she opens up, who she lets in. Do you think that she's opened up too much? I think at a couple of periods of time, she has, but I don't think she's opened up... She's not opened at that point where evil or demonic forces will come in. Are you 100% on that? I don't think I can be 100%. Now, there's something interesting that you have not been public about, that you fear going public with this could cause people to break in to your hotel, could cause people to destroy it, vandalize it. But for the first time, you feel it's important to go public about this. Yes. ZAK: We are sitting down with the owner of the Palmer House Hotel, Kelley Freese, who is revealing astonishing new information recently uncovered that could change the course of her life forever. Now, there's something interesting that you have not been public about, that you fear going public with this could cause people to break in to your hotel, could cause people to destroy it, vandalize it. But for the first time, you feel it's important to go public about this. Yes. There was a famous American novelist named Sinclair Lewis that actually won the Nobel Prize for literature. This famous playwright, as well, used to work at the hotel that you now own. Is that correct? That's correct. Is it true that a man that is now deceased told you that Sinclair Lewis hid something in your walls? Yes. Are you okay with stating this? Because you know and I know with what's possibly hidden in the walls in your hotel could be worth a lot of money. Yeah. What did this man tell you? He shared this story with me probably 8 or 10 years ago himself. And he had gotten the story from somebody that knew Sinclair Lewis. Did Sinclair live in the town where your hotel is? Yes. It's his boyhood home. And for a period of time, he worked at the hotel. And he worked there, I believe, three different times. He actually lived there, as well. And, interestingly, in many of Sinclair Lewis' works, he writes about real places and real people, but he just gives them alias names. So, if you were to read any of his novels, when he goes back and refers to the Minniemashie House, that is actually the Palmer House he's referring to. Now, Kelley, I want you to tell us, what did this man tell you is hidden in your basement walls? History tells us that Sinclair Lewis, working at the Palmer House, was hired and fired and hired and fired a few different times. Working as a night clerk, he wasn't getting his work done. And he said, basically, that Sinclair Lewis was writing at night. Manuscripts. And he would go hide them in the basement in the morning before everybody was up and about and people came to work and that he would be able to retrieve them when he came back to work and continue working on them. So, do you believe that there are still Sinclair Lewis manuscripts hidden in the walls in your hotel? I thought it seemed very plausible and very possible. I never did anything about it because I wouldn't have known where to begin and how to proceed, because something like this being conducted would need to be well-documented and done with authenticity. And, again, it's a big basement. Where do you even start looking? And one day, I randomly decided to attempt doing an EVP session with him. Trying to contact the spirit of who? Sinclair Lewis himself. Do you believe that you came in to communication with Sinclair Lewis? Yes, I do. What did Sinclair Lewis tell you through EVP? With as many investigations as I've worked with, with people at the hotel, this was, by far, the most profound EVP session I've ever had or ever been witness to. The answers were concise and to the point and spot-on. And through a process of elimination, going through the basement and trying to explain to him the location I was in and what he might remember it as, as opposed to what I was seeing today, and we actually isolated it to one very specific wall in one very specific room. Did you start tearing that wall down? I've done nothing. You've done nothing yet. Wow, what a story, if you were able to find these and be directed to the location by the spirit of Sinclair Lewis. The fascinating thing for me is, since that has happened and additional research I have done, based on what, at the time, seemed like some very obscure things that were in the EVP now make perfect sense to me. And I've never felt more solid belief in that this is something that needs to be done and he wants done and that there's a part of history that needs to be righted and given him his credit due and the respect that I, again, I believe he's due as a spirit. What are you gonna do if you find these manuscripts, Kelley? I can't even fathom that. I don't go there. I just... He was the first American to win the Nobel Prize, and... ...this is of such historical significance, I can't even wrap my brain around it. But to imagine knowing you're being... ...you're witnessing history happening is... [ Voice breaking ] I just can't put it into words. I want to do this for him. What are you gonna do if you find these manuscripts, Kelley? I can't even fathom that. ZAK: Kelley just revealed to us a mission given to her by Sinclair Lewis to unearth his manuscripts hidden in the basement. Do you believe that the spirit of Sinclair Lewis is having an effect or haunting your friend Kelley? I do. I have seen Sinclair Lewis there. You have? I have not had a conversation with him, but I saw him briefly. Our eyes met, and he was gone. Do you believe that it is Sinclair that could possibly be having this effect on you the whole time? And maybe some other, darker spirits trying to prevent this? I don't doubt that there's battles that go on... In the spirit world, between themselves. Absolutely. I agree. I don't know what that's about. Do you feel that this is your mission, to go through with this and to find these manuscripts? I think it's more about the event and the possibility of revisiting him, the talented man that he was. And yet, I think incredibly misunderstood and misrepresented. I think the opportunity... for me to maybe... clean things up a little bit. Did you have a passion or interest in Sinclair Lewis before you owned this hotel? Strangely enough, no. Not with any intent. But when I look back in my life, it's astounding to me. A major project that we did in 6th grad, I randomly did on the city of Sauk Centre. Mm-hmm. I've always believed that... ...yeah, I was brought to the Palmer House for a reason, this is where I needed to be. And I always felt that there was... there was more to it, though. Not more for me... but that there was more to it. A bigger picture... Yeah. ...spiritually... than just preserving an old building. Yeah. Something from the past that doesn't want to be forgotten. And through some connection since you were little has somewhat guided you to this hotel through synchronicities. And now you're getting really close to finding out what your story is all about. I've always felt there was... There was something more to come. I had no idea what, and I wasn't looking for it. I was just patiently waiting for it to happen. If these manuscripts are indeed interred in the basement of the Palmer House Hotel, it could be life-changing for Kelley and rock the literary world. Only Kelley can decide the next steps for her future in the hidden manuscripts. But we know that the lines of communication will be open between us and Kelley as the next chapter progresses in the Sinclair Lewis story. Now, we're talking to some ladies at the Mustang Ranch about new violent attacks since our investigation in 2013. If you were to just ballpark count how many ladies at the Mustang Ranch have been attacked or severely affected by negative spirits or entities since it's been open, how many would you say? I would at least say 40 to 50. Okay. At least. In a negative way. ZAK: Now we're paying a return visit to some ladies at the Mustang Ranch, a brothel located in Reno, Nevada. We investigated this location in 2013 and were highly disturbed by the brothel's dark history of murder and violence. Spirits have been attacking the employees here for years, and the activity has only gotten worse. We sit down with Tara Cann, manager of the Mustang Ranch. The whole point of us doing our investigation there was to try and investigate why some of these women are being attacked by something. Let's watch that. A lot of the girls refuse to come in this building anymore because of the ghosts. It's all taken place down "B" hall... ...especially B-1. Girls have been held down in there. By their customers? No, by some sort of entity, like a bad spirit. So, this is "B" hallway. This is B-1, where none of the girls will come into because they feel extremely unsafe in this room. So, what has happened since we've left? The building you guys investigated, nobody works in that building anymore. And since you guys have been gone, we transported all those paintings up to our main building from that one. From that section? And I swear, ever since then, it's been chaos in that building. I do want to talk to you about another woman. Uh-huh. Okay? And this woman I have not met, and her name is Lucy. Uh-huh. Can you kind of shed some light here and tell me what's going on with Lucy? So, Lucy, she's had activity in her room for probably the last several years. I would say at least the last couple of years. And it's like the sound of a shower coming on. It's almost like the "psh." And then it shuts off. Every time she hears it, she gets up and goes in the bathroom to see if it's on or if there's anything wet, and it's nothing. And she'll hear it turn back off. She had a horrible nightmare one night. It was about a father and a kid, and she'll tell you the rest of it, but she knows there's something in her room, she's aware of it. She doesn't know if it was good or bad. She knows something was there. I think at this point, I'd like to talk with Lucy... I think she should. ...yeah... and see exactly what happened. Lucy has worked at the ranch since its reopening over 11 years ago. She has been affected by the paranormal trapped there since day one, and she lets us in on the heightened activity she's been experiencing since our investigation there. She has requested to stay anonymous, so we've hidden her identity. Okay, let's get right to it. Are you experiencing some weird things at the Mustang Ranch? Yes, I have. Have you ever been affected by a ghost, a spirit, or just weird, unexplained things? Yes. Most of it happened in the shower, so I just assumed it was a man who had a crush on me. Can you tell me about a dream that you had? I had this dream... A boy who was about 8 years old, and his father was screaming to him in the background, "Don't go in that room!" What room? My room. Well, he proceeds to come into my room, he gets on top of me, he's about to choke me out. I wake up screaming at the top of my lungs. [ Echoing ] No! I sleep with my phone next to me every day. I grab my phone, I press record, and what do I see? Either the number 13 or the letter "B." On the ceiling? Yes. Okay. Wow. I want to refresh everybody's minds here that this was one of the most bizarre cases that we've been on, because how many women are being attacked here? If you were to just ballpark count how many ladies at the Mustang Ranch have been attacked or severely affected by negative spirits or entities since it's been open, how many would you say? I would at least say 40 to 50. Okay. At least. In a negative way. In a negative way. Like, it would be a higher number just being messed with. Okay. These attacks may stem from a murder that happened to Oscar... Bonavena... Bonavena. Uh-huh. Or it could precede that, in the days of the Native American Indians. Who's Oscar Bonavena? He was a boxer that Sally Conforte had relations with. Had an affair with? Mm-hmm. Now, Joe Conforte started the Mustang Ranch, correct? Mm-hmm. His wife began having an affair with a professional boxer. He was a professional boxer. And Joe Conforte found out. Yes. And what happened? Well, he came here to see Sally, and so he was standing at the gates, and the guard shack was in the back of the highest point of this building, and somebody shot him from the guard shack. Dead. So, when we arrived, I remember, right off the bat, a woman actually quit. The day we receive. We didn't even get to interview her. She quit. Yes. So, we were able to interview a housekeeper, okay? And this housekeeper had one of the most priceless reactions ever... Oh, God, Blanca. ...when we showed her a picture of Oscar. Have you seen the ghost? Yes. You've seen the ghost? Yes. With your own eyes? Yeah. We're just having Jose step in to help translate a little. She can describe the person. Can we get a picture of Oscar? You have it? Yeah. You want to see if that... CARRANZA: Yeah. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. This was him? Yes. Yes, it's him. Yeah? Mm-hmm. Oscar Bonavena. [ Chuckles ] Is Oscar Bonavena there haunting there? Yeah, possibly. Possibly, yeah. Yeah. But is he the one that is attacking all the women? Probably not. ZAK: Jan Tufford is a psychic that was called in by Tara to help clear the ranch of unwanted visitors and get some answers for the women working there. Do you believe that a lot of working ladies at the Mustang Ranch have indeed been attacked by some type of negative entity? Um... There is a negative entity there. I don't know if that's who attacked them. We did go down "B" hall, and I was in 1 and 2, where the bathroom adjoins. There's a chair as you walk through the bathroom, and it sits right in the corner there, and there was a gentleman sitting in the chair when we walked into the room. Okay. Who do you think that gentleman is? Oscar Bonavena? It was Oscar. It was definitely Oscar. Do you think he has negative intentions towards the women there? No, I don't. No. I don't think he's the negative entity. Who do you think is? I think it's an entity. I don't think it's a person. Okay. A demonic entity? Yes. Okay. And I believe it's in the grounds there. Do you think that if there are demons at the Mustang Ranch that are attacking all these women, that they are feeding off of them, they're feeding off their energy, they're feeding off of, possibly, the sexual energy, too? CANN: Any type of... There's so much energy in those buildings, just negative, positive. And I truly believe that. And so that's why I second-guessed myself on Oscar Bonavena being the bad spirit, is because there's just different stories, too, and I truly believe that it's feeding off all these energies. Well, you know, the main problem that I have, too, is that Oscar Bonavena was a human being. Yeah. He was a respected boxer. And he was shot and killed. Yep. And the one thing that I want to do is not accuse him... Exactly. ...of doing all of this to all these women. Because I really don't want to do that, to send that message, to make accusations of somebody that's dead... Yeah. ...and, more importantly, telling them that they're responsible for attacking women. It's not right. You almost want to do that, because you don't want to believe there's demons and something bad in there. So it's almost easier to believe it's coming from this, you know? Well, it's theorizing, you know? And when somebody gets attacked or something bad happens, they immediately want to blame somebody so they get closure. Exactly. ZAK: We've been talking to women from the Mustang Ranch about recent spirit attacks. Lucy, an employee at the ranch, has revealed new information about a spirit that has been communicating with her. She further explains this activity. You're not the only woman that has experienced weird things at the Mustang Ranch, having to do with the spiritual side of things. Right. Tara just told me that there's been upwards of 30, 40, 50 women that she can remember that have had negative experiences... Attacks and whatnot. Right. Do you have any friends that have been attacked? There was a girl who said there was a couple different times where she had been attacked. By the bad ghost here? By the ghost here. But you know what? They also... And she had marks on her? She had marks on her breasts. She did? Mm-hmm. I am probably one of the only girls that has a good protector spirit in my room. So this is a good one? Yes. Not a negative one? No. And I call him Baby. But that's before I found out it was a woman this whole time. The spirit is a woman? Yes. And that was her way of showing, "I'm here, I'm your protector." It's clear on the ceiling. And the father knew that. So the father was warning the kid, "Do not go in that room." Now, the one that thing that I do notice is a very, very bright light coming through this window. And within these blinds, there are those little tiny slits where the strings go. You know, as an investigator, I have to take into consideration that that could possibly be light reflecting through there casting a projected image on the ceiling. I don't know, though. Now, are you the one that told Lucy that it's a woman, not a man? Right. Okay. 'Cause I asked her, I said, "You have something old in your room that's pulling this person." And I said, "It's definitely a woman." She goes, "No, it's a man." And I'm going, "No, it's a woman." Of course, I could not believe it was a woman, because all the activity was in the shower. Are you sure that Baby is still not a man? Just because a psychic medium told you that it's a woman, are you sure that you 100% believe that this psychic is spot-on? Of course, now, it all makes sense. Why? The only thing in that room that I've had with me since day one is a painting of an islander woman with a coconut bra, Bronze Beauty. And where she feels comfortable is in the water, and that's why all the activity happens in the shower. The woman in the painting, the islander woman in the beach, is Baby. Yes. Okay. She's the spirit that's in the room. Yes. Okay. And she likes the water. Obviously. She's an islander. She's got a coconut bra on. Right, right. Yes. And so she likes to turn the shower on. Yes. Okay. Have you ever just thought that it's Oscar Bonavena that's in your room screwing with you? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No? You're very adamant on that. No. There is no bad activities going on in my room. I think it was this woman's way of letting her know she was there. But it's just... She's here to protect you. I just think, when somebody's affected by a spirit, I just think that when you tell them things and that they're okay, you have nothing to worry about in a place where there is something dark... We both agree on that. Yeah. I think she knows she needs to be cautious. At least we've talked about that. And have you told her that? Yes. We've had conversations, and, you know, the person that is with her is always with her. The spirit? The spirit or her guide or however you want to verbalize it is always with her, whether she's there or she's here. Mm-hmm. You know, I'm not arguing with you on that. I'm just stating that I believe that everybody should keep their guard up in a place like that and not open themselves up to a particular spirit that, you know, you think is just this protective entity. We don't know what's around us. But I just don't know if I would ever tell somebody in a place that is very dark and where so many people are being attacked, in serious situations, that, you know, they have nothing to worry about, this spirit is simply your guardian. Do you agree that demons and demonic entities can manipulate, can play tricks on people and do that? Yes. Okay. Did it ever cross your mind that this may be this darker spirit that's attacking the other women that is getting Lucy to be like this? No. ZAK: It is still unclear where the attacks that the other women are experiencing are coming from. But it is clear that they are leaving lasting effects at the Mustang Ranch. Our connection to the spirit world can provide a lot of things, one of them being answers. We've seen that these answers can give comfort... That was her way of showing, "I'm here, I'm your protector." ...and, at times, give us a mission. FREESE: This is something that needs to be done and he wants done. There's a part of history that needs to be righted, given him his credit due. Whatever these spirits tell us, we can only hope that we are listening close enough to hear it. Subtitles Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 