Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks 
 s1e2 - Villisca Axe Murder House and Letchworth Village - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Villisca Axe Murder House and Letchworth Village - full transcript 
 Zak Bagans revisits the audio and video evidence, from GAC's visit to the Villisca Axe Murder House in Villisca, Iowa. It is the home of the Axe Murders of 1912. Villisca Axe Murder House interviewees: Patty Williamson, Linda Cloud, and Katie Savick.[3] Zak relives the GAC's 2011 lockdown of Letchworth Village, an abandoned residential institution in Haverstraw, New York. Letchworth Village interviewees: David Skala and Sara Bogart. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 LAWSON: Help me! MAN #1: Do you hear me? It won't let me! ZAK: The last several years, we have explored many locations. We have met hundreds of people... MAN #2: The work you do is so valuable. ...many who have been deeply affected by our investigations. What's wrong? I have to sit down. Are these dark spirits still plaguing these places... Ah, no. ...and harming these people? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "The thing was like 7 feet tall, legs bent backwards, and piercing white eyes." It's time to find out. GHOST ADVENTURES - AFTERSHOCKS - SEASON 1 EP 2 - Villisca Axe Murder House and Letchworth Village The Villisca Ax Murder House is a location that has a history that is bathed in bloodshed. Eight people, including six children, were viciously murdered while they were sleeping at the home back in 1912, and the killer was never found. And almost 100 years later, we found that the house was still alive with that negative energy. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You want this ax back? Who's up here? I demand you to tell me what your name is. You want to keep killing? Push this ax on my face. Since our investigation, this energy has been affecting everyone it comes into contact with, especially two sisters and former residents of the house... Linda Cloud and Patty Williamson. How you doing? I'm good. It's nice to see you again. Good to see you again. Yeah, yeah. How have you been? Okay. Yeah? So, to refresh everybody's minds, we interviewed you and your sister at The Villisca Ax Murder House. Does this house scare you? Mm-hmm. This house talks to me all the time. [ Exhales sharply ] ZAK: It's a very haunted home because of what happened there. I mean, there was eight people murdered in that house... Correct. ...six of them children. When you started living in The Villisca Ax Murder House, you said to me that you started hearing voices. The first night we was there, yes. It was like little girls crying or something. [ Girl crying ] But then things started taking a darker route. Mm-hmm. You saw your father get stabbed with a knife by an unseen force. Something making his hand go the opposite of what he was doing, yes. Let's watch that again. Our dad always liked to sharpen his own knives. He was honing the knife away from him like so. And then all of a sudden, he went like this. It looked like there was a pressure on his hand and just turned that hand and stabbed him. Do you think that a dark, unseen force was trying to take that knife and almost kill your father? Yeah. Absolutely. That energy doesn't want anybody here. ZAK: Are you okay watching that? No. Yeah, I'm fine. You know, we captured a voice that seems to be coming from the killer, saying, "I killed six kids." It was almost as if that killer was there. And what was really, really fascinating to us in this investigation is that we had a full-blown law-enforcement skeptic... Mm-hmm. ...who we invited in to our investigation. We have nothing to hide. We're very open to... Right. Anybody can come and watch us investigate. And he asked. And he said, "Hey, if I think this is full of [bleep] I'm gonna tell you." We captured a voice with him... For sure. ...with Roy Marshall that he could not even explain. We had him sit down with our audio/visual tech, Billy Tolley, and we had him examine the exact file. We had him listen to the voice from the recorder. And there was no doubt, there was no denying that that voice said, "I killed six kids." And I want to play that. Do you have that, Billy? I am making the assumption that the spirit of the killer is still residing at The Villisca Ax Murder House because during our investigation there in 2010, we turned Roy Marshall, a staunch skeptic, into a believer with this compelling EVP. Do you see us in your house? Sure. This rings almost every hour? Well, that's... Man. It's a sound that I did not hear while I was in there. Not only was Roy puzzled, but when we heard this unexplained voice, we started deciphering a disturbing message. Yeah, I hear it on there now. Yeah. You hear it on here, too? Uh-huh. That's what we hear. The "k" is prominent. Right. Doesn't it sound like a guy that's out of breath? Even our skeptic said, "It sounds like..." Someone swinging an ax. This rings almost every hour? And to even further validate this theory, we believe we came into contact with the children who were murdered in the house when they responded with their names when we asked. Tell me what your name is. [ Distorted noises ] Tell me what your name is. That was weird. Lena is the name of the 12-year-old girl who was murdered here in 1912. Are you a little kid that lives here? What's your name? Do you think that the spirit of the killer was living in the house while you were living there? Something was there. I can't imagine what it would have been like to live in that home... knowing that that killer is still there... and what he must have done to you and your sister. Patty's sister, Linda, has had deep emotional reactions to living in the house, as well. I was concerned that you and your sister were showing emotion and fear that would have made you open up to an attachment, okay? Mm-hmm. And you lived in that home. I can't imagine what it would have been like to live there, and we were there just for one night. But I wanted you to come back. I wanted to check in on you and your sister to see if you've been okay because I always would think about that. I would always think about the fear that you would show and the emotions. Oh. [ Sighs ] I just want those little girls to tell me what they want me to do. Well, we did capture an EVP that I thought could have validated that this entity, that this spirit knew that you were there. And let's play that EVP. This is his house. Whose house? The guy that did the murder. Do you think that was him... You all right? [ Exhales sharply ] No. What's wrong? I have to sit down. I really have to sit down. You all right? Uh, no. What's wrong? I feel very, very weak. Zak, Nick, Aaron. Villisca. I want to see if I can give her some kind of closure by you speaking to me right now. Do you recognize Linda? All right, we'll review this audio. ...if I can give her some kind of closure by you speaking to me right now. What is that? That's a voice. "Where is she?" Mm-hmm. "Where is she?" That's what I hear... "Where is she?" What's wrong? Nothing. Is it sad to hear that? Yeah. And I want to... When I went to sit down... What did you feel, Linda? I actually felt like... I'm not kidding. It was just like all of a sudden, I felt absolutely zapped, like my energy was being pulled up from my toes, up through my head. And I know that sounds silly. No, it doesn't. He was taking it. But that's exactly... And then that's why I had to sit down. I felt my legs going. You know, it was just weird. He's feeding off your fear. Yeah, you know, and... He's waiting for that moment where he gets you. Yeah. And he got you. Yeah, he did. And your sister. Yeah, he did. And he took every bit of your energy. ZAK: We've seen that the memory of a horrific situation can follow people through life, but we find out from Patty that that's not the only thing that can follow a person. I don't know if I told you this when we did the interview, but before we came to do this interview, I was doing dishes in my kitchen. And I wasn't thinking about anything. My mind was totally clear. And I was doing my dishes, and all of a sudden, this face... I'm not... It literally zoomed in to my face. And it wasn't no image. It was a face. And he had the coldest dark eyes I'd ever seen. And it was like he was staring at me. He wouldn't quit staring. And he had on this dirty, dingy, old, brown hat. And, I mean, it literally scared me, and I'm shaking my head, trying to get it to go away, you know? I don't know why I was seeing this face. I don't know if it was the face of the killer in that house warning me not to come to that house. I don't know what it was. I can't... I don't know. I really can't explain it. I just remember seeing it, and it scared me. You saw this face of this man wearing a hat two days before we called you to the home. Do you think he knew that you were about to go there? That's the only explanation I can come up with because I don't know... Why would a face just all of a sudden come into view? I mean, it was like he was actually right there in my face. I believe that this evil spirit, this entity, who's possibly the killer, is feeding off of the emotion and the fear that you and your sister exhibit while visiting the home. And he almost knows when you're gonna be at the home, just as he showed himself to your sister two days before you went there. Yeah. Yeah. Something that nobody knew... No. ...during the filming of our show... No. ...is that five of your siblings were also killed. Yeah. Yeah. ZAK: Some people are drawn to locations with negative residual energy. Patty and Linda share a disturbing past experience with us that forever links them to The Villisca Ax Murder House. Something that nobody knew... No. ...during the filming of our show... No. ...is that five of your siblings were also killed. Yeah. When you were a little girl, a fire broke out in your house. And was it four brothers and a younger sister were all killed? Babies, yeah. Yeah. Were you in that home when the fire happened? No. The day it happened, the four older children, which would be my sister, me, and my other sister and brother, were in school. I couldn't concentrate. I kept looking out the window, looking back toward home. And then just a little bit after that, they came to pull us out of school to tell us what happened. And I stood up and started screaming at them. Next thing I know, we got pulled out of our classrooms and put on a school bus, and we didn't know what was going on until we got to where they took us. And then they let us know what was going on. CLOUD: Two weeks before the fire actually happened, I woke up in the middle of the night, and I smelled smoke. [ Exhales sharply ] And I got up, and I went to look and see. And my dad woke up and he wanted to know what was wrong and I told him. We walked around the whole house. We walked around the perimeter of the house. Nothing. Nothing. I don't know how I know. I just know. I don't want to talk about the fire anymore. That was two years before we moved to the Villisca house. I had just turned 11. So, you had five of your siblings all die in a house fire. They were... Yeah. Two years later, you unknowingly move in to a home where six young children were brutally killed. Correct. And you didn't know it. No. Can you tell me about the time when you moved in to The Villisca Ax Murder House and you think that you saw one of your younger brothers? No thinking about it, Zak. I did. I mean, I'll swear to the day I die I saw my dead brother, waving for me to come to him. At the time when we lived in that house... I don't know if you remember how the house was laid out, but that blacktop that runs north and south... That was a dirt road at the time. And off to the right of that road was an old deserted farm field. Us kids were out playing, and it was a sunny day. We were out riding our bike. All of a sudden, something made me look that way and I looked and I saw my dead brother going like this to me. At the Villisca House. Yes. Do you think that your... The spirits of your brothers and sister that were killed in the fire two years before you moved in The Villisca Ax Murder House followed you to the house? I mean, at that time, I didn't know what to... All I know is, I saw my brother, and I wanted to go to him. Why didn't you go to him? 'Cause my older sister wouldn't let me. Did your older sister see him, too? No, she said there was nothing there. I wanted to go. Was this your first experience... Yes, my very first experience. ...with a ghost? With anything like that. With anything like that. Yes. I just find that very coincidental and very unfortunate that you would go through the loss of five of your brothers and sister and then just happen to move in to a home where six children were killed. Yeah. Did you ever think about that? No. Honestly, no. I mean, I can honestly say no. I never. The layers within Linda's story deepen, as she begins to tell me about occurrences she's had after our original interview at the house. I think this killer's very intelligent. And I think it's best that you just stay away from this home at all costs because I think he's bound there. But I think also at times this spirit can hitch a ride and travel with you, even in you. So, what happened after our investigation? Well, I don't know how to say this to you, but after we did the shoot, we were in our living room, working on our computers and stuff, and no heavy traffic was going by to cause any commotion. There was no children in the house running around. We were working, and then all of a sudden, my kitchen-cabinet door came flying open. And the second shelf where all my bowls and stuff... That stuff flew out of the cabinet and shattered all over the floor. We just kind of looked, and we were like, "Wow." And I went in to clean it up, and it felt different in there. It just felt different. Somebody asked me, did I think that we have had that all our life, since the Villisca house, you know? Yeah, I do. I think that could be a very big connection. [ Thunder rumbling ] ZAK: We've concluded since our investigation in 2010 that The Villisca Ax Murder House is very active with a negative energy. Since then, other investigators have entered the home with doubts of its power, like Katie Savick, but how they leave the house is another story. Nice to meet you. You too. So, you were a skeptic? Yeah, I was very skeptic. And then you went to The Ax Murder House. Yeah. Did something happen? Yeah. There's a lot that happened in that house that obviously, you know, I can't explain. Did your visit to the house change your life? Yeah, pretty much. I mean... What did you feel when you were up there? It bothers you. Yeah. I don't like the feeling in that house. You're not alone, and... I feel like it, though, when I try to explain this to people, and they look at me like I'm nuts. Right. Well, I've done the same thing. We've been to many locations, and what people don't understand is this energy is very powerful. I don't talk about it 'cause I get emotional because when I talked to people that I knew, it hurt because they didn't believe me. And I knew that feeling that I had when I was skeptic. But going in that house, it's just... You get that feeling of just... [ Sighs ] I can't explain it. I'm sorry. My brother... He was like, "Well, you know, we're gonna make you a believer," 'cause he believes in all that stuff. I'm just like, "Whatever, dude. All right, let's just go." So, we booked the trip, an overnight stay. And not in a million years I ever thought this was gonna happen. Me and my friend Crystal... We were walking upstairs, and I immediately just felt weird. And so did she. But we kept going. And we were walking past the attic, and I just felt kind of drawn to go in there. And I said, "Well, let me just peak inside. I just want to look inside." So, I ducked my head down in there, and I was just looking around. And I came back out 'cause I was feeling really irritated, but my neck was getting really hot, and my head felt like it was just gonna explode. Like, I didn't feel right. And I don't snap. Like, I don't... Right. And I asked her. I said, "Did I hit something? Like, what's wrong with me?" And she was like, "No, what's... Are you okay?" And I'm like, "No, let's just go." Well, it started getting worse. [ Whimpers, sniffles ] And I was like halfway down the stairs, and I could feel myself getting more and more upset. And I didn't understand. Like, I wasn't mad at nothing. I got downstairs, and my neck was just on fire. Like, I didn't know what was wrong. And I asked her. I'm like, "Did I hit something?" And she's like, "No. Why?" And I said, "Just look." And that's when she looked, and I had two scratch marks on the back of my neck. Let me look at these photos. [ Exhales sharply ] And these are the two scratches that happened, right? Yeah. Okay. Do you feel that you were attacked? [ Voice breaking ] Yeah. Like, I don't understand why, like, this stuff happens. Like, I wasn't being mean. I wasn't being disrespectful at all. And I just felt very, like... I did not want to be upstairs. I just... I didn't want to be left alone. Mm-hmm. Do you believe that you were attacked by possibly the killer? I don't know if it was the killer, but whatever attacked... Just something dark. Something very dark in that house. Mm-hmm. Did it really hit home after you saw the scratches? Yeah? People don't understand that it's... it's like being attacked by a person, you know? Well, yeah. It's like being attacked by a person, except the person harms you on the outside, and you can learn to cope with it eventually. A spirit attack really harms you on the inside 'cause that energy can seep through your skin, through your muscle, and it can get to your nerves. It transplants its energy, and it injects you like a syringe into your body. And once it does that, you're traumatized. And it's no different from anyone being attacked by a bully or any aggressor. The scratches, however, are something that is more, I believe, dangerous because it's marked you. And I don't understand the scratches. It's happened to me. I don't understand how the scratches occur, how they're able to do this, but they are, and it's very real. It happened to you. Well, yeah. And... when you know something truly exists and you know the spirit... How can it not exist? Well, yeah. I mean, our energy is so complex, and, you know, it's... You leave a traumatic mark on something, it's bound to stay there. Right, right. We don't have to prove anything to anybody who doesn't believe in it or they're not convinced. Who cares? 'Cause you know you did. Yeah. And that's the most important thing. And that's our philosophy. It's clear that Katie is now a skeptic turned believer and that the negative energy at The Villisca Ax Murder House is stronger than ever. ZAK: We've been looking at a situation at The Villisca Ax Murder House, where a violent negative energy has a hold on its former residents Patty and Linda and traumatized a skeptic turned believer... Katie. At another location across the country in New York is Letchworth Village, an abandoned mental institution that we investigated back in 2011. The overcrowding and lack of staff resulted in the abuse and mistreatment of those who desperately needed care. It holds its own disturbing negative energy that is targeting urban explorer and paranormal investigator David Skala. What's up, David? I remember when we met you and, at the time, your girlfriend, Jackie. I always remember that you guys would tell us that you were addicted to the place. And I always use that for when I'm dealing with other people that I feel are going through oppression. Let's play about when you were telling me about you're addicted to the place. Have you been in here quite a few times? Yeah, a lot, actually. Yeah? You know, we're pretty much almost addicted to the place. There was a good point in time when we're here three or four nights a week. When we weren't here, you know, it's all we'd think about. Now, after I left, I started wondering whatever happened to you and Jackie. I started wondering, "I hope they're okay." And I hate to say this... I thought the worst. How is Jackie now? Is she okay? [ Scoffs ] It's... I really barely talk to her. 'Cause, you know, she'd gotten into things that she shouldn't have, and the stuff that, you know, was going on wasn't her. She was very self-destructive. Was she like this before you started going to Letchworth? No. No. She was... Completely different? Oh, yeah. She was more like... She was very loyal, you know, very caring. That just went out the window. I remember when I was in there. It was like I was scared, but yet I was comfortable. Like, it almost felt like you were on a drug or something. You know, you were scared, but at the same time, you weren't. You started almost enjoying the place, you know? It was like that energy was so thick, it started saturating inside of our bodies. And we were becoming a part of that energy. And so that's when I could understand how you and Jackie started becoming addicted to the place... Because that feeling... It was almost like being induced on some kind of a drug. Since we saw you and Jackie last, I will admit, I felt concerned for you guys. I remember when I was speaking with her, interviewing her, I noticed something just wasn't right. Being addicted to a place that so much dark energy occurred and is still there... You know, even the innocent victims there that may... Even though they're innocent victims, they still may be aggressive, you know? Um... And they could have been feeding off of her. And there was a point where she was telling me about the attachment. And I made note of it on camera. JACKIE: When we were coming here a lot, I was having a lot of anxiety at the time, which has, you know... I don't really have it anymore, since we've stopped coming. I can almost sense like how haunted places have effects on people. Yeah. Just interviewing her, I couldn't even look at her in the eyes. I could just feel like... I don't know, man. You know what I'm saying? It's like they've been saturated by this energy. Or was it really them... Right... talking? Right. That's what I said. The first thing she says right off the bat... "I'm addicted to this place." I think they're addicted to this place because the spirits are latching onto them. Yep. They're using their bodies, their energy to get out of this place, to go explore other buildings, other people. It's using them. Now, I thought that I made a good point there in the moment that they were calling you back there because they were hitching rides in your bodies and escaping that place. It was almost like you were like a human subway, you know? You would just go there, pick them up, take them back to where you're gonna go, and they could feed off of who else. You're going there, picking them back up again, taking them back out. Sara Bogart, a former therapy aide at the institution while it was a functioning facility, has an intimate knowledge of the workings of Letchworth Village and of its residents. We let her in on some telling evidence that we captured during our investigation there. There was a voice that we captured through an EVP, and it said, "Shut up, you prick." Oh, wow. I heard later that you had a reaction to that particular voice. Unbelievable reaction. It was just so shocking to me because when I first started there, I mean, the best lesson I got in dealing with people with disabilities was over that statement, and I'll tell you why. I used to go down to the club they had, and I'd eat lunch there. And there was this girl that was working there. At the time, they would call people who were able to do things "higher functioning." You know, they had other horrible names for them, but she was higher functioning. And she was cleaning the tables, and I was sitting there. And her name was Sara. I heard people calling her Sara. And she comes by. I go, "Hi. Your name is Sara? My name is Sara, too." She goes, "Shut up, you dope." That was a big lesson for me because I talked to her like she was a child. And from that day forward, I never did it again. But "Shut up, you prick. Shut up, you prick. Shut up, you dope." The same style of having a conversation, you know, and of... Of how the voice was? Yes. Let's watch that voice. I'm gonna run my digital recorder up here on the morgue. ZAK: Right now, Aaron is receiving an unexplained voice as the recording is lying static on the morgue tray. Were you murdered and then put on this slab? Shut up, you prick. [ Chuckles ] It sounds just like, you know, my experience. Is that how she would say it? Absolutely. I still believe to this day, if there are trapped spirits there of these children, they do know that we are there to let everybody else know about what they went through. We are gonna go in the walls that nobody dares to go. After Letchworth Village aired, the reactions to it were polarizing. David was subjected to some disturbing reactions. He lets us in on these events. So, since our episode aired, I understand that you've gotten some death threats. Yeah. Yeah. Why? I don't know. I mean, there was multiple threats online towards, you know, me and Jackie. Just for going there. Yeah. They were mad that I was like 20-something years old, and they're like, "You don't know anything about the place. You're not old enough." That's what the Internet's for. You do a little research, you can find out about things. You're not old enough to do what? To know about how Letchworth really was when it was really bad. We exposed it in our episode. We looked at the old news footage. So these people that are giving you threats for exposing this place and exposing the truth about this place, that irritates me. David that we interviewed before you... He was saying that he got death threats for exposing... I have gotten nothing but positive response. People that started around the same time and people that gave their whole heart and soul, treating people like human beings and giving them the respect that, you know, you would get and really caring about them for who they are, finding out who they are, finding out that somebody... "I like pink," you know? "Yeah, I want to brush my hair. I want to brush my teeth. Let me do that." All the people that I heard from were people that were so pleased that that got out. Not just all the abuse, but all the good things got out. ZAK: We're talking with David Skala, who has been deeply affected by his investigations at Letchworth Village. We dig deeper into his experiences. Do you think you and Jackie have attachments from Letchworth? Oh, definitely. The attachment with Letchworth kind of started when I first started going there. I wasn't ghost-hunting or anything like that. I was like an urban explorer, just to see how they left the building abandoned, but everything was still in it. Like, they just shut down one day and just never came back. That night I felt I was followed home, I was pulling into my driveway. My sister called me asking why I was walking up and down the sidewalk, just pacing... 'cause she thought it was me. And I didn't know what she was talking about. I was sitting in the car. And so it's just... It was pretty clear something had followed us home 'cause it wasn't anything like that has happened before. And my parents started seeing the shadow thing. My mom seen it. My dad thinks I'm just nuts, [chuckles] but... I remember you were talking about this 7-foot man, this large, dark shadow. Let's watch that real quick. It was seen by somebody else. It was walking behind me and another person while we were meeting up with the rest of our group. And they started yelling my name, but I didn't know what was going on, so I ran over to them. I was like, "What are you guys doing? Why are you yelling for me?" And they're like, "You didn't see what was walking behind you?" I was like, "No. What?" "The thing was like 7 feet tall, legs bent backwards, "and when we started yelling, 'Dave, ' it looked over with piercing white eyes." [ Indistinct shouting ] [ Squishing ] [ Woman screams ] In our investigation, we didn't capture a whole lot of evidence, but we did capture something unexplained, which was a giant shadow that was moving behind a window. And let's watch that. What the [bleep] was that, dude? Oh, my God. ZAK: I'm reacting to seeing a very predominant dark shadow moving in this back room these loud bangs were just coming from. What the [bleep] Listen. After we review our footage, we discover something shocking. If you look closely behind these exposed studs, you can see a dark, unexplained mass moving intelligently in the background. Stop it. This is not being caused by... What was interesting about this is that we tried to debunk it as one of our shadows right away. But we were all in that room together, but this shadow was behind those studs, as you could see it move from behind the studs, not on top of the studs, which would have been one of our shadows. And it was very, very large. Yeah, kind of like broad-shouldered, kind of, you know, like a big guy. Right, right. What's interesting is that we interviewed this guy Dave and his girlfriend, Jackie. And people in his group or whatnot would see a very tall, dark figure. When we were investigating, we captured a tall, dark shadow that we couldn't debunk as our own. Is there someone here with us? You validating this is certainly helpful because in my house, I started seeing a tall, black, misty kind of image at the foot of my bed. SKALA: Sometimes it seems like it's a mist, but other times it's like almost like a solid. It almost looked like it was sprayed out of an aerosol can. I mean, that's kind of like the texture of what it was. But it's weird 'cause you can be in a dark room, and it's like darker than your dark room, you know, and you could still see it. And I'd have to say it was a man because of the height. There was no hair. You'll see it either like out of the corner of your eye, walking, either from like... I'll be sitting watching TV in my living room, and you'll just see it, you know, walk out of the kitchen and then like through a wall. And, you know, nobody's ever died in our house, so there should be no reason that, you know, a ghost is walking through my house. You had asked me if I believed in ghosts, and I told you yeah because I had a bad experience, but we never discussed what it was. About three or four days ago, I was talking to my sister Judy. She said to me, "Where were you working when all that was going on?" Because she watched the show and everything tied in for her, although it didn't tie in for me. Wait a minute. So, you had a spirit so bad at your house while you were working at Letchworth? While I was working at Letchworth. Oh. But never put it together. Oh, my gosh. That's where I was working. About 30 years ago... This is kind of how it started... I had some company over, a couple of coworkers were over to have dinner, and they were sitting on a bench, which was moving, and they had no control over it. The bench was moving while they were sitting on it. After that, the bed would move. I had an antique clock, and the case for the clock would open and close, open and close. On occasions... The bathroom was right off my bedroom. The faucet would come on. I'd get up, and I'd go shut it off. And I wasn't even feeling... I mean, I knew there was something going on, but I wasn't feeling like afraid. Is this before you worked at Letchworth? It's when I was working in that building. What? [ Chuckling ] Yes. You never told us this. I didn't know until three days ago. And it got so bad that you had to... It got so bad that I feared for my life. There was times when covers would be pulled off of me and I felt, like, a choking. I'd grab my Bible and go to sleep with my Bible. This is while you were working at Letchworth? I was working there. And now you're telling me that while you were working at Letchworth over 30 years ago, you would see a tall, dark shadow figure in your home. In my home. Do you think you brought it from Letchworth there? I absolutely know it now. I didn't know where it came before. I collect antiques. I thought it was on a piece of furniture or something I bought. I actually thought it was on a crystal candelabra I bought. But now I know exactly where it came from. Letchworth. Reville building. And now I'm finding out that others have seen that tall, dark spirit or whatever it is. I don't even know what to call it, but to me, it was very evil. SKALA: I've seen the shadow figure standing at my doorway of my room. I hear noises at my house. And I try to drown it out by either leaving a fan on in my window. I don't care if it's freezing out. My fan's in my window. Or my TV going all the time so I don't hear it. There was a time where I've been choked out before in my sleep, and I woke up to having something holding me down, pinned to my bed. And I don't know how I didn't wake my parents up 'cause I screamed, "Get the..." I was like, "Get the [bleep] off me," as loud as I could. And that thing just... Poof, gone. And I could just sit back up. Weirdest thing ever. I just felt the pressure on my shoulders just holding me down, just... [ Exhales sharply ] Little mini-heart-attack moment. ZAK: We're talking with Sara Bogart, former employee of Letchworth Village, about her personal paranormal experiences that she had while working at the institution. I was really, really afraid of being harmed. I had a friend that came and cleaned out the place for me. Did you have an exorcism performed on you or your house? On my house. I moved out of it. While all these events were going on, you had to call a priest to do an exorcism on the house? Well, it was a holy woman. It wasn't a priest. A holy woman. Okay. I was scared. I was scared because I thought this thing was really trying to hurt me, bring harm to me. Something... I mean, that's an important part about doing a show like this and bringing you back... To see if you connected with any of our evidence. I spent my whole life tormented over a bad experience I had, and if we didn't go up there, I would never have connected what was going on in my life. Through our interview? Well, through your interview. It forced people that I know... My sister... To go back to, you know, the experience that I had. Did our episode, our investigation help you? Yes, it did. It helped me. It really did. I felt... Not just for me personally. I felt very good about... Most of the people that are in there have crossed my path. I think it's the unity of mass audiences... Absolutely. ...to feel that emotion and to just be aware of what happened there. And I think that helps in any kind of grieving. Can't change what happened. No. But we can certainly make things a little bit more peaceful for them now. Your emotions told the story when we interviewed you there, as well. Can I ask you... What kept your sanity, working here? How did you stick it out? I almost left in the first week. In the first week, you almost did? In the first week, I almost left, and when I got to meet some of the people, I noticed that, you know, I mean, I just taught somebody how to hold a hairbrush. And they did like this, and they smiled every time they see me after that, you know? And they wouldn't get a bath, you know, if there was only two people on. So I would come in on my day off, and I'd take them down... Because they couldn't move anything. You run hot water down their back, and they... "Ahh." You know, how could you not do that? Yeah. So, yeah, I'm very proud to be a part of this, be a part of where we went, and I hope that I touched some lives and made them better. You did. You did touch their lives. Yeah. They sure touched mine. Yeah. So, Letchworth will forever be a part of you. Oh, my God. It's what molded me... Yeah. ...you know, to see that, you know, people had such terrible, terrible disabilities. I just couldn't have... If I didn't see it myself, I would never believe it. We were on a mission to, you know, improve their lives and to just do what we could to bring a little bit of peace into their life. Part of what we do on our episodes, on our investigations, too, is not just do a whole show where we're just investigating inside of a building, getting evidence, but we tell the history. And we tell what happened to human life, whether or not people want to try and forget about and move on and say, "Oh, that was in the past. Why does it affect now?" Because it happened, and it happened to human beings. Well, I think it affects the spirits, as well. I think that people are unsettled and stay because they're just so unsettled. I think it just lets them just release that, and, you know, I think it's a very good thing that you go in these places and expose, you know, phenomenas that... The truth. Yep, absolutely ZAK: What happened there is to be remembered. What happened there is not to be forgotten so that it never happens again. We've seen that when a negative spirit attaches itself to someone, it can leave not only mental, but physical damage. You leave a traumatic mark on something, it's bound to stay there. By sharing their stories and working through the experience, we can only hope that it brings some sort of solace in knowing that they are not alone. Subtitles Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 