Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks 
 s1e1 - Bobby Mackey's and Brookdale Lodge - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ghost Adventures: Aftershocks (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Bobby Mackey's and Brookdale Lodge - full transcript 
 In the series premiere, Zak Bagans relives old evidence from the Ghost Adventures Crew's (GAC) three visits to Bobby Mackey's Music World in Wilder, Kentucky. He states that it is one of the places he and his crew will never investigate again. Bobby Mackey's Music World interviewees: Bobby Mackey, Wanda Kay, Missy Bostrom, and Matt Coates.[2] The Brookdale Lodge, a former Grover Lumber Mill site that was reconstructed to become a resort in Brookdale, California. Brookdale Lodge interviewees: Denise Dalton and Marina Marazzo. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 LAWSON: Help me! MAN #1: Do you hear me? It won't let me! ZAK: The last several years, we have explored many locations. We have met hundreds of people... MAN #2: The work you do is so valuable. ...many who have been deeply affected by our investigations. This scarred you? Yeah. Are these dark spirits still plaguing these places... and harming these people? I'm not leaving! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If I leave, we all have to leave! It's time to find out. GHOST ADVENTURES - AFTERSHOCKS - SEASON 1 EP 1 -Bobby Mackey's and Brookdale Lodge Bobby Mackey's Music World, named after its own Robert Randall Mackey. There is only one location in nearly 10 years that the "Ghost Adventures" crew refuses to go back to, and this is it. Thought to potentially be a doorway directly to hell opened up by a ritual decapitation performed on the premises, Bobby Mackey's is known for it's dark activity. # Lay dead upon the ground # # Poor Pearl, poor girl, her head was never found # 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [ Chuckling ] Hey, Zak. ZAK: What's up, buddy? How you doing? How you doing? Great. Good to see you. Like our song? Oh, yeah, that's great. [ Chuckles ] An attachment can pursue and torment its victim long after they have left a haunted location. I'm feeling weird, man. And our experience with oppressive entities at Bobby Mackey's has been very personal. Leave him! Leave him! But former caretaker Carl Lawson may have suffered more than anyone. First off, you know, we're sorry to hear about Carl. How'd you fair with his passing? Well... not real good, you know? I'd known Carl since he was 18 years old. Mm-hmm. And I really hated it, but Carl was his own worst enemy. Whether that was a possession or, you know, whatever it was that caused it. Why would you bring up possession? Well, you know that there was an exorcism once. Let's watch it right now. We interviewed Carl during our first investigation here. It had been years since his demonic possession, but it was clear that day, his soul was still haunted. Do you think that the evil spirits that possessed you are still here? I feel them right now. You do right now? After years of searching, we were able to retrieve a home-video recording of the exorcism performed on Carl right here at Bobby Mackey's. You guys ready to see this? MAN: Charlie, it's time for you to leave. I'm not leaving! Yes, you are! This is disturbing. Leave him! Leave him! You got to leave tonight. I don't have to go nowhere! Yes, you do. This body is mine! No, it's not! This body is mine! No, it's not! "This body is mine." In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth and on the authority of God's word, I command every spirit to leave! Leave him, Charlie. [ Cries ] You've seen that many times? Not many, but I've seen it, and I'll say what I've always said about it... Carl was not an actor. Right. You know, and that's what disturbs me about it, because I never saw Carl like that. And he definitely was not an actor. Longtime employee Wanda Kay continues to lead groups of brave investigators in search of the demonic despite being deeply affected by Carl's death in 2012. Do you think that Carl is still at Bobby Mackey's? I do. He loved that place, Wanda. He did. He won't leave it. He loved Bobby Mackey's. He loved it, even though he was possessed, even though he had an exorcism. MAN: Leave him! Leave him! Leave him! When we had our event there, we couldn't keep him away. He would call me at home, begging, "Please ask Bobby to let me come back in." He drank quite a bit towards the end. You know, walk a mile in somebody's shoes. Don't judge. But look at the [bleep] that he went through. Right. He was not a saint by any means. I know. But he was a man. Right. And he was just very much part of Bobby Mackey's, not just in him wanting to be there all the time, but he discovered that well. Yeah. Two dreams that he had had when he was sleeping in the apartment living upstairs as the caretaker. He said he would have nightmares. He had an entity, one in particular, that he had called Charlie... Charlie. It's time for you to leave. I'm not leaving! ...that was supposed to be taunting him and telling him to go to the basement and dig and look, and that's how he said he found and discovered that well. It was from the dreams leading him down there. I would like to show you the last time I saw you, because this clip is going to lead into something that has to do with you and also our friend Carl. ZAK: Wanda, who worked with Carl for many years, gives us a recently-recorded EVP of his voice. I had my hands around a pastor's neck. It seems that even in death, Carl cannot break his ties to Bobby Mackey's. I won't go! Yes, you are going. "Look at the band-aid, Mikey." What was going on that day was I had been giving a tour, and one of the men who came to take a tour had cut his finger on the car door coming in. So, when he arrived, it was bleeding, and I asked him if he'd like a band-aid, and he said no, he thought he'd be okay. So, as we got halfway through the tour on the main level to the area where Carl had had an exorcism done on him... Help me! It won't let me! ...that's the area where we were standing. And the man says to me, "Wanda, if you don't mind, I think I will take that band-aid, 'cause my finger won't quit bleeding." So I said, "Stay here. I'll go get it." I came back, and as I was wrapping that band-aid on, that's when we got that EVP. Do you have the wave form of that? Can you please play that? MAN: Let me see your band-aid. LAWSON: Where's the band-aid, Mikey? Let me see your band-aid. Where's the band-aid, Mikey? I get EVPs all the time. Mm-hmm. I don't recognize any of them, but since I knew him personally, talked to him all the time, I recognized that voice. I met him twice... Three times, actually. And, um... I remember he was outside, and I went outside with him. And he told me, he goes, "When I die, I want to be buried right there." And I always ask myself, "Why would a man that went through that"... [ Screams ] ..."want to be a part of this location?" KAY: He was still attached to it. He never got unattached. Do you think it was him that was attached to it, or do you think it was something that was in him that was attached to it? I agree with you there. I don't think that he was ever totally released from what had a hold on him. No. He was consumed. Carl, look at me. They're gone. Believe me. [ Echoing ] They'll be back. ZAK: We've been talking to Wanda Kay about our mutual friend Carl Lawson, who unfortunately passed away since we last investigated at Bobby Mackey's. I want to make an apology to you. Why is that? Because when we went to Sedamsville Rectory, we wanted to see his memorial, but we didn't go inside Bobby Mackey's. I understand why. Nick, do you want to go in and look at the memorial? NICK: I don't... I don't want to go inside. I made a promise that I would never go... I just... Made a promise to who? Well, I told my wife I wouldn't go back in here. I'm being dead serious. Every time I go home after this place, she tells me that I just... I'm somebody totally different. You're name is actually a form of taunting in that building. If somebody... We call you "the 'Z' word." Mm-hmm. If they mention your name, they get scratched. You... Whoa, hold on. Hold on. When people use my name, they'll get scratched or attacked? Yes. Yeah. So, they haven't forgot you. And that's a reason why, in all seriousness... You know, I look at my first investigation there, you know... If this is the portal of hell, well, why don't you come up out of that ground and come and get us? I didn't have the knowledge that I have now, and I learned by being a dumbass and trying to taunt and scream at demons, it just... That's what's gonna happen. I'm feeling weird, man. What's going on? I'm just feeling [bleep] weird. That's all right. Just kind of... just relax. Just sort of relax a little bit. What was that? Just kind of relax a little bit. You know, there are some things that I don't think should be recorded. You want me to stop recording? I think that's a good idea. I will not go back there again. I know what they're probably gonna call me for not wanting to go back there, but the more and more we're gonna talk, people are now gonna understand that these forces are so strong and that's the stuff that you can't fight against. [ Distorted ] I'm feeling weird. You cannot fight against that force. These demons have the damn near same power as any god that they worship. I agree. I agree. I've had about six alpha males, team leaders come in that have walked out of that basement sobbing and crying like babies. Nine times out of 10, when you start provoking and really taunting, it seems like it's the weakest one in the litter that gets it, and they don't necessarily get you at that time. Many people get it after they leave. So, let's talk about the weakest one in the group. I understand there's a woman named Missy. That was a scientific team that came in that were a group of skeptics, and this was a group that used your name. We are ones that we like to go in and actually do an investigation ourselves, find proof of what we can actually, you know... Absolutely. So, you just wanted to go in, investigate, and find your own findings. Correct. I like that... A skeptic that has to get evidence for themselves to be convinced. So, we started on the first floor, and we set up all of our cameras. And then it was time to go down into the basement. We were gonna bring in some bibles, we were gonna bring in some crucifixes, we were gonna bring in some trigger objects. Can I stop you right there? Yes. When you brought in those bibles, did Wanda Kay see your bibles? Yes. What did she tell you about those bibles? She told us we were allowed to bring them in but she was not gonna be any part of it. Okay. What did you think about that? Because a lot of people use bibles for protection. What did you think when Wanda told you she wasn't gonna be any part of it if you're bringing these bibles in? Well, I knew she was afraid that we were stirring up something that we shouldn't be stirring up, and I think she was truly fearful for what was going to happen with us bringing them in. KAY: That's when they said, "We paid our money. We deserve to give it a try." So, that's what they want. That's what they wanted. Did you keep the bibles in? Yes. Because at this point, you're still skeptical... Correct... of this place. Exactly. Right? You're still skeptical. So, what happened? I felt like something grabbed me by the tops of my shoulders and picked me up and threw me backwards. Aah! That girl went straight back onto a concrete floor about 10 feet behind me. How far did her feet go off the floor? About like that. BOSTROM: Everybody saw what happened, and I literally just went down to the ground. I ended up on the ground. Aah! You all right? [ Indistinct conversations ] ZAK: All right, pause for a second. You just suffer what I think is possibly an attack, you get pushed or something, but one of these guys, all they care about is this ball. [ Chuckles ] You will also notice that one person never even moves his camera in my direction. KAY: Next thing I know, the guys talk her into, "Take one for the team. We're scientific. You can do it. It's all right here." "Yes, I'm okay. It just knocked the wind out of me." I thought, "You're a braver girl than me." They threw me across the room, I wouldn't go back in there, at least that night. Missy, was anybody in your group using my name? No. They weren't? No. You sure? Yes. Positive? 100%. Okay. And this was a group that used your name. I was told that my name was brought up. AARON: I thought so. I'll say this, that they are aware of, you know, who we are by name even, as our names have been captured through audio evidence. I mean, a lot of people just want to get pushed, they want to get scratched, they want to... That's the fun thrill that a lot of investigators want, that energy that's made up of this demon or whatever has touched you, has become a part of you in the forms of an attachment. But I've gotten absolutely no EVPs, and that's what bothers me the most about the place. Mm-hmm. Whatever is there is willing to push me around, but they're not willing to tell me who they are. It's because they're smart as hell. AARON: Yeah, it's like they're trying to trick you to get you back, so in a way, you're attached to the area and you keep trying for more and more. [ Distorted ] More and more. ZAK: Wanda Kay believes the fact that she never provokes has kept her safe, at least so far. But we've learned that you don't need to push it. Carl never pushed it. Carl never taunted. Correct. I've got it for the first time in 10 years myself. You did? I did, back in June. What happened to you? Tell me. The door began to rattle. So I said, "Open it. Let's see what happens." And as he did that, all of a sudden, I felt like a man... 500, 600 pounds... Or a Mack truck just pow, right into my chest. I fell forward, I kind of blacked out for a couple seconds or so. As I came back around, I thought if I just relax, don't fight it, it'll pass. That's usually the way I deal with that sort of thing. But I've never had anything that aggressive. I've never been hurt before. It hurt me. Do you think it's safe to bring people down there? It depends on how you're acting, who you are, and what you do. What I do right now is I... But innocent people can get attacked. I feel like I've got... They could. But I've got... And this is nothing to play with. I don't want to say I've got a deal with the Devil, but there's an understanding, and what I've told him lately... Wanda, these are demons. I know that. You can't make an understanding with demons. Well, this is probably true. This is true. There's no "probably" to it. You're absolutely right. It is a job. I'm trying to do it. I'm trying to stay as long as I can. I'm trying to hold my own as long as I can. If they are not happy with me being there and doing my job on a particular day... Of course they're not happy with you. You got punched in the chest. And you're telling me that you're making a deal with the Devil. Think it's because we were changing the building and doing some things there. I was helping do some remodeling on the building. With Bobby's new wife. Is this renovating going over well with the demons? The renovating is definitely not going over well. I know that she knows that I feel like this was causing the spirits to act out and things to get a little tougher around there. I don't think that either one of them want to hear that or to believe that. Do you think that she's gonna have repercussions? I think that there's already things going on. With her? Maybe. She's not telling you? Right. Someone who has been there since our first investigation witnessing all these changes is security guard Matt Coates. Do you believe there's demons there? Yes. Do you still work there? Yes, I do. You're a tough [bleep] man, to know that, to know what you've been through. I'm serious, man. I wouldn't go two inches inside of that place. Hundreds of times, I've told them, "You know what? I'm done. Here's my keys." I've walked out the door, come back the next day, and pick up where I left off the day before. Why would you give them the keys? Because you're just sick of the job? Or was it related to... I mean, the atmosphere. When the atmosphere would change in the building, I'd just... I'd be fed up and just want to walk away. Mm-hmm. What kind of atmosphere? Was it affecting you? Oh, yeah. Were you flipping off on people? Yep. In the drop of a pin, I could be the biggest [bleep] Was it you? No. What was it? Whatever had a hold of me at the time. Am I talking to Matt? Yeah, this is... [ Both chuckle ] It's been me since that day that you and I got into it... Yeah, remember that? ...where we threatened to kill each other and... We wanted to kill everybody. Yeah. Matt was present during our 2009 live event when 100 "Ghost Adventures" fans witnessed our second investigation at Mackey's. After the first time we went there, did the investigation, then we were like, "Okay, we got to do an event. We got to show people what happened." This is when it truly just unleashed itself. It went to everybody and just gave a little piece of taste of itself to everybody. Dave Schrader was doing a Shack Hack session. I was new to the Spirit Box at that point. And my voice came through it. "Guys, be careful!" Guys, be careful! SCHRADER: We just got your voice that came through on the radio upstairs. It was your voice. I know your voice. Are you serious? That's why we ran down here. I thought something was wrong. WOMAN: And we played it back, and I don't think anybody had any question it was you. That's me. "Guys, be careful." I want to play that over and over for you right now. Guys, be careful! Guys, be careful! Guys, be careful! Hey, Aaron. Yeah. How long have you known me for? A long time. Is that my voice? [ Chuckling ] Yeah. Matt, is that my voice? Yes, it is. You know, to hear your voice being mimicked by something that close, that wasn't a whisper or nothing. That was me screaming. When we were in the basement, you and I started feeling the same things. I was feeling really sick to my stomach. I know you were, too. Dread and sorrow and wanted to kill everybody that was here. ZAK: Bishop James put something on my... Some blessed oil on my forehead. It felt like there was fire on my forehead. Yes. He also gave me his medallion. When he put this medallion on my neck, I mean, my neck started burning. I said, "It's burning real bad." He goes, "That's good. You are borderline possessed." What happened to that pendant? There was an altercation at the club one night. And after that altercation, I don't know what's happened to it. What do you mean? You always wore that. Yeah. There was a fight, and somehow, it got ripped off my neck. And it wasn't till about an hour later that I had reached down. I always reached down, and I would play with it, roll it around in my fingers. And reached down for it, and it wasn't there. After the event with this medal, how did things start going in your life, and how's everything going in your life now? Much like you guys, I also lost a relationship out of it. You did? 7? years. Do you blame it on Bobby Mackey's? [ Sighs ] Yes and no. I wasn't making the right choices at the time, and the club was basically running my life. I mean, I know there was one time that I actually had to get ahold of you and, uh... you had to get ahold of the Bishop Long for me. Why? I was having a bad night at the club. Some group had been in from out of town, and they were doing heavy provoking and everything. And started getting that feeling again where... Again, when you and I went at each other and started going after everybody else. Dread and sorrow and wanted to kill everybody that was here. And I noticed some of the signs of what was going on. I was actually, basically, standing outside of myself. I was able to see that I was changing back to what I was before. Just real agitated and everything. And made a couple phone calls, and that's when you went ahead and got ahold of Bishop Long for me. And he called me and talked to me and talked me out of it. Did you ever act on it? Did you ever beat someone's ass in a way that it wasn't provoked because of a fight or something? Did you ever act on anything? You can get personal. I... ZAK: Security guard Matt Coates has been opening up about his struggle with oppression. Dread and sorrow and wanted to kill everybody that was here. Has this dark entity driven him to violence yet again? I was able to see that I was changing back to what I was before. Mm-hmm. Just real agitated and everything. And made a couple phone calls, and that's when you went ahead and got ahold of Bishop Long for me. And he called me and talked to me and talked me out of it. Did you ever act on it? Did you ever beat someone's ass in a way that it wasn't provoked because of a fight or something? Did you ever act on anything? You can get personal. I... There was one incident. I don't remember exactly what had happened. But I know I did hurt somebody very badly. What'd you do, Matt? I can't remember exactly what happened. Did you hurt them physically? Yes. Was it you? No, it wasn't. You think something was influencing you at Bobby Mackey's, the same type of energy that made your medal burn your skin, was influencing your aggression... and made this person hurt? Yes. Yeah. And is this what caused you to get help from a priest? Yes. Did he do an exorcism on you? Yes. Do you agree that these people are still coming in and investigating and yelling and screaming and taunting and pissing off the spirits? Yes. Do you want it to stop? I wish they would stop doing it. They kick up the spirits and everything. They get to go home. The next couple weeks, I have to deal with it till everything calms back down. Have you told Wanda and Bobby that you want this to stop, these investigations? Yes. And what do they tell you? "We'll talk about it." But it's not gonna stop. No. Your director of security, Matt Coates, and Wanda Kay, who's worked for you for how long? 10, 12 years. Carl Lawson, you've known him since 18. He worked for you almost his whole life. What do they all have in common? They've all been somewhat attacked or pushed or something by some unseen force. You can't really prove the paranormal, and you can't disprove it. I'm gonna let you listen to a voice, okay, and I want you to tell me if this voice sounds familiar to you, okay? Mm-hmm. MAN: Let me see your band-aid. LAWSON: Where's the band-aid, Mikey? ZAK: Pause it. Do you hear anybody's voice in there that you knew or know? Uh... there was a couple of words that sounded like Carl. Carl who? Carl Lawson. This was captured after Carl passed in an EVP. I'm not here, and I'm not gonna shake your shoulders and say, "Bobby," you know, "all this stuff here, how can you still be skeptical?" What do you do? But what do you do about it? I mean, you just... I mean, I ignore it. You just want to focus on the music. I wanted to focus on the music, had to get the place open, was putting everything I had in there. And nothing's ever bothered me. Mm-hmm. Maybe I don't connect with it. Right. For a skeptic, it seems strange that Bobby would refer to what he believes are imaginary beings as "it." Maybe I don't connect with it. I felt like a man or a Mack truck just pow. This body is mine! No, it's not! This body is mine! No, it's not! COATES: I was basically standing outside of myself. I was able to see that I was changing. ZAK: Perhaps he has begun to suspect that the things he's heard might be true, that the evil that lurks inside his bar is something very real. I'm feeling weird, man. ZAK: We've been exploring demonic attachments at Bobby Mackey's and their impact on the lives of its employees. More recently, we investigated a location in the forests near Santa Cruz where we spoke with Denise, who has had her own experience with negative attachments. We interviewed you at the Brookdale Lodge. And I remember first walking in there. I mean, a lot of locations we go to, a lot of these places will have a specific type of energy that myself, Aaron, Nick, Billy, we've been able to become more sensitive to these energies in these locations. And we knew right off the bat that there was just something not right about the Brookdale. Constructed in 1922, the most famous feature of the lodge is the Brook Room... A dining area built around a flowing body of water where a young girl once lost her life. Now, you were a house... Head of housekeeping. Head of housekeeping there. I know that you spent a lot of time there. It's as if these spirits use you possibly as an energy source for them. We don't understand how they function, how they work without being able to physically grab them or see their matter. It's just invisible energy. But we can feel this energy with our bodies, and it makes us react with the goose bumps, and the hairs stand on end. Sometimes we'll feel the pain of these spirits. And when you're saturated in that environment, like you were at Brookdale for a long time, what does that do to your body? That can't be natural for you. I lived constantly under stress and fear. And then just a few months after leaving the Brookdale Lodge and after the episode, I was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. Oh. I'm sorry to hear that. Um... But I was just slowly getting sicker and sicker while working at the Brookdale Lodge. I was constantly being hospitalized from being sick. After you guys, after doing the interview with you guys at the Brookdale Lodge, things just went chaotic after that, and something, I think, followed me home. Right now, I want to play a clip when we interviewed you for the first time, when I met you for the first time, about the most traumatic experience you had at the Brookdale Lodge. Okay? Okay. Denise, if you don't mind, I know I wasn't with you. I know Nick was. Can you tell me a little bit real quick, like, what you were telling him? I came in to give the girls their duties for the day. One was working behind the bar. And as I started walking down this walkway right here, something pushed me with such force in my back... ...that, um...my face hit the pavement so fast. I didn't have time to put my hands down. My bone came through my nose. And when I got to the hospital, they brought a domestic-violence specialist in because not only was my nose broken, but I had a massive bruise of a handprint on my back. And nobody was behind you? No. But the lady that was in the bar, she's Hispanic, and she started yelling "phantasma." And she said that a dark figure hovered above me. Do you have any sense of what this was? None. Has this scarred you? Yeah. Don't be scared. Be strong. This happens. Okay? I don't like seeing this, and we're gonna try and find out what in the hell this is, why it did this to you. Um... I hate to see you go through this again and to see that again. 'Cause I know it's hard. But you agreed to come talk to us, and I just wanted to come back and check in with people, check in with you, 'cause... I don't care what anybody thinks about the paranormal beyond that. I just care now about the people that were affected by the paranormal. And I want to raise awareness through stories like yours that these entities, these evil spirits, these demons are very real. As further proof of the darkness lurking within the Brookdale Lodge, I want to speak to Denise's roommate, Marina, to compare their perspectives on these disturbing events. I wanted to interview you separately from her to... I just want to have a third party... Yeah. ...you know, somebody that is a skeptic and somebody that can talk to me and everybody that's watching this and just give us that perspective of things, because she's very emotional, she's very traumatized by what happened to her. Did she ever tell you about that experience? It was kind of one of the first things that we discussed when I moved to Brookdale. Okay. And... [ Chuckles ] I can't say that I didn't think that it was a little crazy. Mm-hmm. Is that the first time you met her? Yeah. Very first time I met her, she told me about it. Okay, when she told you about it, was she emotional about it? I've rarely seen her talk about it without getting kind of emotional. After the interview, we went into the main ballroom area, and we started hearing some claw marks everywhere. There it goes again. What? It's right there. We went and tried to debunk it as squirrels or raccoons. Everywhere... We looked everywhere. We even went on the roof. How do you get up there? Grab that camera. Come on. Where do you go? Up these stairs. Okay, go, go, go. We didn't see anything. Nothing. And these are thick roofs. You wouldn't hear a raccoon or, like, a squirrel or something. It would be sliding, too. But what animal's living up here that... I don't know. I don't see any. There was something that seemed to gravitate towards your presence. After the investigation, that night, I was deathly ill. I was just projectile sick. After that, little by little, that scratching that we heard that day started. First it started at her house one night. There's this scratching on the wall outside. Could you hear it? Yeah. [ Scratching ] This is what's really weird for me, 'cause I never knew about the scratching that you guys heard, and you being a full-blown skeptic. When we were up there looking for an animal or something like that, we didn't see one, yet he was still hearing the scratching... Downstairs. ...downstairs. So, what did you hear, a skeptic, at this house where nobody else could be doing it? What would you describe the sound as? Like, nails that would be scratching on the outside of the paneling. I'm just connecting those two together. Okay, and you heard it? Yeah. Then knocking began every night. It was becoming every night. Knocking, scratching. In your room? Yes. Okay. And on this one wall. So, then, I think the thing that was the most frightening in the decision about wanting to get out of there was the Brookdale Lodge had gave some... I don't remember if you guys remember seeing them... Old guitars. Okay, so, you get attacked at the Brookdale Lodge, you get pushed over, with an unexplained hand print on your back, you break your nose, and you decide to take some souvenirs from the Brookdale Lodge. Well, they gave them to me, and I didn't want to... And you hang them in your room. Yeah, I hung them in my room. Let's just... Okay. Denise, don't take objects from insanely friggin' haunted locations that have bad spirits. Didn't know that. Okay? No more, right? Right. Okay, cool. Let's continue. So, I used these really long screws and kind of thick so that it would hold these in place, 'cause I didn't want them to fall and smash. They were just really nice-looking, and I knew they were kind of old. Marina and I had been out, and we came home. [ Door opens ] One was smashed. One was against the wall. The screws that were in the wall were about this far out of the wall, and they were bent completely down. And these guitars were light. Yeah, exactly. Okay, so the weight of them wouldn't have bent a steel nail. Exactly. Wow. And the nails itself, if it was 'cause of gravity, would have pulled those nails down and bent the Sheetrock, but the bending nail, that's just... That's intense, because it would have bent the Sheetrock. The guitars are from the location. So if it was something else just randomly... But were those the only objects affected? Those were the only objects. The only objects that were moved or torn off the wall were the objects from the Brookdale? Yes. Okay. So something was probably trying to give you a sign that, "Hey, I'm here." ZAK: We've been talking to Denise about her experiences at the Brookdale Lodge and the dark presence that has invaded her life since she left. Did you ever get angry? Yeah, I got angry a lot. I was pushing people away from me. I don't know why I was doing that. The people who cared about me the most... So, you started going into a state of oppression. Now, what's the difference between possession and oppression? Oppression is a less serious form. Oppression is when the entity or the demonic being or whatnot, even an evil spirit, has decided to attach itself to you. And while it does that, it's inflicting all of its bad emotion, all of its bad mojo, on you. It wants you to be angry. It wants you to argue with your friends. It wants you to lash out and do bad things. It wants you to be depressed and miserable and sick, because that's how that energy feeds. That's exactly what it felt like. Whatever lingers on at the Brookdale, I believe that we managed to capture it on video during our investigation in 2012. Is there somebody here that's pushing women? Whoa. AARON: What is that? That's what I saw. I want to play you a clip from our thermal-imaging camera. How does that work? A thermal-imaging camera? Yeah. It basically sees in temperature. Okay. All right, Bill. Go ahead and play that clip. If you're here, Sarah, would you please manifest yourself? Or any other spirits. AARON: We just want to say hi. Hold on a second. Billy, go back. Scroll back. [ Video rewinds ] Okay, so, right now, we are inside of the river room. I'm standing there with this thermal-imaging camera, shooting down the other side to the bridge. Watch as I pan the camera. You're gonna see Nick's reflection in the glass. Okay. Okay? There's another something here that there was no explanation to us. Go ahead and play it. Here's his reflection. That. We don't know what it is. What is that? There's your reflection. There's your hot point... 71.6, staying on it, right? I just wanted to make sure that that's your reflection. Watch. That. What is that? That's what I saw. This right here is the figure in question. Even our reflections will show heat up to here, okay? For some reason, this weird anomaly that looks like a torso and the top of a head is all in your cold temperatures here. So to date, that's one of our most impressive thermal captures. Now I'm starting to wonder exactly about what everyone has to say about the lodge. AARON: We just want to say hi. There are some things even a skeptic cannot explain. What is that? Is this the entity that pursued Denise even beyond the walls of the Brookdale Lodge? Would you ever go back to that place again? I feel like I have to. No. We already did that. But it feels like something still has control. Okay, but that means not going back there. I want to know why everybody says that. Everybody that has bad experiences, they say the same stuff. We say the same stuff. Why do we always want to go back to it? No. Please, enough's enough. You've been through too much of this, all right? Talking to us right now, this, I hope, is closure for you, not going back there. You know, you got beat up, you know, by something, and to come out here and show that bravery and sharing that with everybody and sharing your story, I think that is helping you beat this entity, you know? And I know it's still hard. You shed some tears here. But ultimately, your heart, your bravery, and your courage is far exceeding the power of whatever this is that is... That used to be attached to you. Leaving behind the negative influence of the Brookdale Lodge has been a huge step towards Denise's recovery. I can only hope that it's not too late for the employees at Bobby Mackey's Music World. Think you're ever gonna leave there? [ Chuckles ] Yeah, I d... I think I'm there until the day it closes down. # Poor Pearl, poor girl lay dead upon the ground # # Poor Pearl, poor girl, her head was never found # MAN: [ Distorted ] They gave her head as a blood sacrifice to the Devil. The Devil. # Things haven't been the same since Zak Bagans came along # # Teased the bad spirits # # Made them mad, and they followed him home # I think Pearl is safe now. Subtitles Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 