Sense and Sensibility: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sense and Sensibility 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sense and Sensibility (1981–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 All this straw and dust, it's dreadfully unhealthy. I want to climb the high downs, breathe, approach the clouds. (KNOCK AT DOOR) I wonder who that can be. (INDISTINCT CONVERSATION) (DOOR SLAMS) - It's Colonel Brandon, ma'am. - Oh! - Good morning, ma'am. - Colonel, won't you come in? Please excuse this. We are still unpacking. It is you who must forgive the intrusion, Mrs Dashwood, ladies. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I was passing and wished to offer you assistance in your settling in. - I have a good carpenter. - He could help with the pantry shelves. - Thank you, Colonel. - Thank you. Colonel, some tea? No, I shall not incommode you one moment further. I bid you good morning. Miss Marianne? I must apologise about last night. The inattention when you sang so beautifully. Do not judge ill of our friends. They are good people. It is simply their way. - Charming man. - That old stick? My dear, Mrs Jennings has you married off to him already. I don't know whether to laugh at her absurdity or condemn her impertinence! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He's old enough to be my father. Not much over 35, I should say. If he ever had the spirit to be in love, he must have outlived it. It's too ridiculous. Why, he talked of wearing flannel waistcoats. Mrs Jennings shouldn't joke about a man of his infirmity. Infirmity?! Do you call Colonel Brandon infirm? I heard him complain of rheumatism. Well, so do I sometimes. You must think it's a miracle I'm still alive. Mama. (LAUGHS) Is there a happiness in the world superior to this? We're nearly there. We shall have the earth at our feet! Marianne, your shoes. Do be careful. Of course I'm being careful. Come on. - Not so fast! - I can't stop! (SCREAM AND THUD) Marianne, are you hurt? My ankle. Oh! (MAN) May I be of any help? The uneven ground is treacherous. My sister has twisted her ankle. Are you able to stand? Oh! - Where do you live? - At Barton Cottage. Come here, Flynn. Now, wait here till I get back. Wait! There is only one means of transport. Oh, sir, no, please! It would be immodest. Sir… Oh! Come, your sister is in good hands. - Come straight through, please. - Oh, dear heavens! - Marianne twisted her ankle. - Oh, my love! I will fetch some things from the kitchen. Excuse the abrupt entry, Mrs Dashwood - your daughters have introduced you - and my necessary discourtesy to this lady. No, it was gallantry. No pain, I hope. Only gratitude to my deliverer… Oh! Do not be alarmed. A rest will cure it. Oh, sir. Words cannot express my thanks. Nor mine. My apologies for your trouble. You have given me the occasion to meet a charming family. Thank you, Susan. Pray, sir, to whom are we indebted for this… oh, more than kindness? My name is John Willoughby. I'm staying at Allenham. You know it? We've passed it. That lovely manor house outside the village. So we have. Pray, sir, be seated. Some refreshment? Not in these muddy boots, Mrs Dashwood. May I have the honour of calling tomorrow to enquire after Miss Marianne? - We shall look forward to seeing you again. - Mrs Dashwood, Miss Marianne. Thank you. - We're indebted to you, Mr Willoughby. - Not at all, Miss Dashwood. Good day. (CHUCKLES) Willoughby, was it? Just like him. I didn't know he was in the country. I'll ride over ask him to dinner. - You know him, then? - Know him? To be sure. He's down here every year. - What manner of young man is he? - As good a fellow as ever lived. Very decent shot, not a bolder rider in England. Is that all you can say for him? He hasn't much money - 600 or 700 a year, I should say. What are his manners, his pursuits, his talents and genius? (LAUGHS) Upon my soul! I don't know much about all that, but he's a pleasant fellow. He's got the nicest bitch of a pointer I ever saw. - Was she out with him today? - I have no idea. Who is this Mr Willoughby? Is Allenham his house? It's his aunt's. He's nothing except a bit of land in Somerset. But he'll inherit from his aunt. Oh, yes. He's worth catching. "Catching gentlemen" is not how my daughters have been brought up. Mr Willoughby will not be incommoded by them. He seems respectable, though, and eligible as an acquaintance. He's as good a fellow as ever lived. I remember last Christmas, a little hop up at the park, he danced from eight till four without once sitting down. Did he indeed? With elegance? With spirit? Aye, and he was up at eight to covert. That is what I like. That is what a young man ought to be. Aye-aye. I see how it will be. You'll be setting your cap at this one, never mind poor Brandon. That is an expression which I particularly dislike. - Marianne. - I abhor common phrases which pass for wit. (LAUGHS) Poor Brandon. He will be jealous. If you had any sense, you'd sprain your other ankle outside his house. He could buy Willoughby and not notice. (PIANO PLAYING) (COUPLE) ♪ Down by some crystal spring ♪ Where the nightingales sing ♪ To hear the groves ring ♪ Down by the riverside ♪ A young captain I espied ♪ Entreating of his true love ♪ For to be his bride ♪ "Dear Phyllis," says he ♪ "Can you fancy me? ♪ "All in your soft bowers ♪ "A crown it shall be ♪ "You shall take no pain ♪ "I will you maintain ♪ "My ship, she's a-loaded ♪ "Just come in from Spain" ♪ I have not told you the half of it. Willoughby has given me a horse. A horse?! Marianne, this is folly. What is wrong with a gift from a friend? It is suitable. He will send for it at once. It is improper to take a gift from one you know so little. You think I know him little of him? - Oh, Marianne. - 'Tis not time that counts, I know little of our brother John after a lifetime. But Willoughby… You see? Faithful as ever, here he comes. You'll not accept this gift. You must not impose his expense on poor mother. Please promise me. You know I cannot stand up to you. Very well. - Ladies. - Good morning, Mr Willoughby. Miss Marianne? My sister tells me that I may not accept the horse. I'm sorry, Mr Willoughby. Oh. Well, never mind. Thank you. Then I shall keep it until you can claim it. When you leave Barton to set up your own home, Queen Mab will receive you… Marianne. (MARIANNE & WILLOUGHBY) ♪ Down by some crystal spring ♪ Where the nightingales sing ♪ Most pleasant it is in season ♪ To hear the groves ring ♪ Down by the riverside ♪ A young captain I espied ♪ Entreating of his true love ♪ For to be his bride ♪ It is kind of you to call, Colonel Brandon. - As you see, my sister progresses. - Good, that is why I came. They make a pretty couple, do they not? You must not call them a couple, Colonel. I know of no grounds for that as yet. I wish you had found her alone. I shall tell her that you called. My visit is far from wasted. She recovers, does she not? And I may convey an invitation to you. - An invitation? - From Sir John and myself jointly. We are organising an excursion to my brother-in-law's home on Friday. Mama has a cold and is to rest, but for my sister and me, I accept with pleasure. Splendid. If either you or your sister care to invite Mr Willoughby to accompany you, - please feel free to do so. - Thank you. - Miss Dashwood. - Please. I understand your sister does not approve of second attachments. No, she is too romantic. How she ignores the fact we're children of a happy second marriage, I do not know. She will change her opinions in a few more years. Probably. Yet, there is something amiable at the prejudices of a young mind. It is sad that they give way to the lessons of time. I cannot agree. Her ignorance of life may cause troubles for which the charm of innocence cannot atone. I wish her better knowledge of the world. But not a total change of sentiment in her. Sometimes these things happen too suddenly. I speak from experience. - Colonel? - I once knew… a young lady who in temper and mind resembled your sister. As to what experience did to her… - But I'm boring you. - No, Colonel. Miss Dashwood, I have no right. No right. It matters not. Thank you for your patience. Good day, Colonel. Miss Dashwood. (MR WILLOUGHBY) "…where will fierce contention end, "If flowers can disagree? "Within the garden's peaceful scene, - "Arose two love…" - "Appeared." "Appeared two lovely foes, "Aspiring to the rank of queen, "The lily and the rose. "The rose soon reddened into rage, And swelling with disdain…" - "Appealed to many…" - "Appealed to many a poet's page "To prove her right to reign." - (CHUCKLES) - It is remarkable. Poets I love, you love. The novels I read, you read. Whenever I venture a point of view, you do not scoff at me. Who is so foolish as to do that? - My sister, for one. - Oh. (LAUGHS) - But you agree with me. - No, not always. But, then, we even enjoy disputation. - Forgive me if I intrude. - No, not at all. I come with an invitation to a picnic at Whitwell on Friday. - It is from Colonel Brandon. - Brandon? Has he been here? Yes, and he mentioned you, Mr Willoughby. - Did he? - If you care to come, you're welcome. - That's kind of him. - Of course Mr Willoughby will come At your invitation, how could I refuse? The Colonel also called to enquire after you, Marianne. - Oh, dear. - He is a good man. Colonel Brandon is a man whom everybody speaks well of but nobody cares about. - That is unkind. - But true. Everyone's pleased to see him, but nobody talks to him. That is exactly what I think of him. Do not boast of it. It is an injustice in both of you. I enjoy his company. So do the family. Well, I call it an indignity to be approved of by such women as Lady Middleton and Mrs Jennings. Perhaps the abuse of people like yourself and Marianne is a compensation. If to be praised by them is bad, to be censured by you may be praise. In defence of your protégé, you may be saucy. My protégé, as you call him, is a sensible man, and sense has its attractions for me. - Elinor! - Yes, Marianne, even in a man over 30. The battle grows too hot for me. I will take my leave. Ladies. (HORSES TROTTING) (SIR JOHN) Whoa! Fine picnic weather, I'm glad to say. I see you brought your own curricle. I thought it might be of some use, Sir John. With room for just one passenger. - Who do you think that will be, my dear? - I have no idea. We should make a start. We are expected early at Whitwell. Come along, sir. You're in command of the regiment today. (SIR JOHN) Are you ready, ladies? What is the matter? The Colonel looks so upset. - I hope it is not bad news, my dear. - Brandon, my dear fellow… From London. Business. But why should a business letter upset you so? Come, tell us. Madam, recollect yourself. Madam, I am stunned that this letter should have arrived now. - But I am required immediately in London. - You can't desert us now! It renders our excursion this morning impossible. I would gain admittance at Whitwell. - If you write a note to the housekeeper… - Brandon, this won't do. - You'll just have to put your journey off. - That is not in my power, Sir John. You'd only be six hours late leaving this evening. I cannot leave one hour. Forgive me, Lady Middleton. I'm truly sorry to leave so delightful a party. There are some people who cannot bear a party of pleasure. - This is some trick he's invented. - I believe. Come with me. I have an idea. Tell us at least when you'll be back. I cannot say, Sir John. I know what this business is. A certain young lady who is a close relation of his, she is his natural daughter. Strange fellow. Never mind. We'll have our picnic. What do you say to Wellborough Hill, eh? - Mama. - Shh! They are in the parlour. - Marianne and Willoughby? - John took her to Allenham. It was entirely improper, even if the house might become her own! Elinor! You had no right to go there unaccompanied. - His aunt was there. - Even if she received you… I did not see her. She sent for him and… I don't know what… He brought me straight home, and he's… changed. Marianne, my dear. Later, Mama. Let Mr Willoughby explain first. My dear John, what is the matter? Is Marianne ill? I hope not. She cannot feel any worse than I do. I must leave at once for London. - For London? - This is a day of mysteries. It is merely that my aunt, Mrs Smith, has today exercised the privilege of riches over a poor dependent by sending me on business to London. That is unfortunate, but her business need not detain you for long. You are very kind, but my visits to Mrs Smith are never repeated within the 12-month. You propose to be away for at least a year? Is Mrs Smith your only friend? Is Allenham the only house in the neighbourhood to which you will be welcome? For shame, John. Do you wait for an invitation here? - You are too good. - At Barton Cottage you are always welcome. My engagements at present are of such a nature that I dare not make any plans. It is folly to linger in this manner. I will not torment myself by remaining among friends whose society it is now impossible for me to enjoy. (SOBBING) Forgive me. Go on. Walk on. Synced by Peterlin 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 