Sense and Sensibility: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sense and Sensibility 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sense and Sensibility (1981–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Just as it seems that Willoughby and Marianne must be about to announce their engagement, he departs for London, leaving her bewildered and desolate. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 She is still crying. When will she ever stop? She will not talk. Something more must have happened. Well, it was no falling away of his love. I could see that. I know what has happened. That aunt of his suspects his regard for Marianne and has invented this business. I cannot help suspecting that there is something unpleasant. It may be proper to hide their engagement from his aunt - if they are engaged - but there is no reason for hiding it from us. From us? When they've made their affections plain? Why not ask her whether they are engaged? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - How can we? - You are so gentle, she would trust you. I wouldn't ask her such a question for the world. - Why ever not? - Well, suppose they were not engaged, how it would pain her to admit it. Then she must have the less to grieve for. And if she and her lover have their secret, who am I to pry? It would be cruel. I should never deserve her confidence again. Then there is only one physic for her - activity. (SIGHS) You ought to take up your music again. Yes. I'm sure we can find a good teacher in Exeter. Oh, this is lovely! I must come and sketch from here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yes. (MARIANNE) Who are those two riders? Elinor, it's Willoughby! It is, I know it! Marianne, it is not Willoughby. - Oh, it is! It is! - The man has not Willoughby's air. Oh, he has! Oh, I knew he'd come! Mr Ferrars? Miss Marianne. Miss Elinor. And do you come from London, Edward? No… Thank you. I have been spending a fortnight with friends… near Plymouth. You have been two weeks in Devon and not seen us sooner? And not one letter from you? Ever? Marianne, Mr Ferrars was under no obligation to write. And have you been lately in Sussex? I was at Norland about a month ago. And how does dear Norland look? Dear Norland probably looks much as it always does. - How long will you be with us? - I plan to stay only the one night. - Oh, my dear boy. - I could not go by without seeing you all. Tell me, Edward, what are your mother's plans for you now? Are you still to be a great orator? No, I hope she understands by now that I have no talent or wish for fame. You should have a profession. True, but my mother and I never could agree. I've no desire for public life or the army. I'm too old for the navy. I always wanted the church, but that is not considered smart enough. So here I am, properly idle. Then I wish you would look a little happier about it, Edward. Oh. When was I ever cheerful? I offend without meaning to. People think me negligent when I am merely awkward. I think nature destined me to keep low company. I'm ill at ease among strangers of gentility. Oh, come, Edward. Can you call us strangers? You are too good for me, all of you. Young man, this a melancholy that must be cured. We cannot let you go away after but one night. I thought it better so. - (MRS DASHWOOD) Are you expected? - No. Well, you'll return to Norland, then? I have no pleasure at Norland, I detest town, but either Norland or London it must be. Why? Oh, the countryside is so beautiful here. - And we are your friends. - Oh, if I but could. You are free. Of course you can. - Unless you fear to find the life dull? - Dull? My greatest happiness is in this house. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, I will stay. (MARIANNE) Oh, hurrah! What is that? A lock of hair? Is it your sister's? Yes. Yes, it is my sister's. - I thought her hair was darker. - I suppose it changes colour with the light. Mother, I have not tried on my new dress yet. I am sure Edward will forgive us if we go upstairs for a while. Oh. Of course, dear. Elinor, tell Edward about your sketching. Miss Elinor… I must go down to the village, make sure that my man has seen to the horses. Please excuse me. - You are not bored, Edward? - I could never be bored in this house. That lock of hair was yours. I could tell by the colour. - It wasn't as dark as mine. - It was. He's shy. - It was a message to you. - I wish I had your gift of imagination. - I have never given him a lock of hair. - He is a mysterious man. He could have contrived some lover's trick. At Norland, he could have bribed a maid. You must come with us to the south end of Barton Valley. Girls, is not the southern part of the valley best? - It's exquisite. - I shall order a carriage. Then the excursion will not be too strenuous. - Hello! - Morning, Sir John. That is our neighbour, Sir John Middleton. He's been very kind to us. Come. Good morning, Sir John. (CHUCKLES) Good morning, ladies. Oh, thank you! - We have a visitor. - I know. Came to have a look at him. - We hear everything up at the park. - Oh! - Mr Edward Ferrars, Sir John Middleton. - Sir. Are you one of the Tunbridge Wells family? - I have that honour, sir. - Come into the house. I was at Eton with your uncle. He became a general. - Yes. - Lord knows how we keep the colonies! (SIR JOHN LAUGHS) Well, my dears, we have more guests coming to stay, and an invitation to you to meet them. - That includes you, sir. - Sir John is forever entertaining. A dinner tomorrow night, and this time we'll have dancing. - Who are you expecting? - My wife's sister Charlotte and her husband. - It will be a great pleasure to do so. - You'll like Charlotte. And two young ladies we met in Exeter. Mrs Jennings found they were relatives. Cousins are cousins. Two young sisters, name of Steele. (MRS DASHWOOD) We have never met any Miss Steeles. No, you wouldn't. Lady Middleton didn't take to 'em much. But never turn away a pretty face, eh, young man? (EDWARD) I am afraid I shall not have the pleasure. (SIR GEORGE) We need you. We're short of young men. (EDWARD) I must leave here in the morning. (MRS DASHWOOD) Were you not to stay? I have recalled necessary matters. I must go first thing. Oh, do come now. Pray come. You must come. I declare you SHALL come. Well, I'll off down to the valley and see who else I can whip up. Until tomorrow evening, ladies. - Young man. - Sir. Edward, 10 minutes ago, you were planning an excursion with us. I forgot something I had no right to forget. - Do I really? - (LAUGHING) Oh, I'm so glad you could come early. Come along, my dears. You must meet my younger daughter and her husband, Mr and Mrs Palmer of Cleveland. Charlotte, my lamb, this is Miss Dashwood and Miss Marianne Dashwood. I feel I know you both already after all that I've heard. - How do you do? - And behind that newspaper is Mr Palmer. - How do you do? - Come on, sit down, my dears. You may believe how glad I was to see Charlotte, although she should not have travelled in her condition. (CHARLOTTE GIGGLES) Is there news in the paper? None at all. Has anyone interesting arrived in town, Mr Palmer? Mr Palmer doesn't hear me. He never does. (GIGGLES) Isn't he droll? You have yet to meet the Miss Steeles. They are on the lawn. I confess I was a little anxious before they arrived. Not a genteel upbringing, I feared. But they are fond of children, and my little darlings adore them. Oh, look at little Anna Maria. And William is so enjoying himself. - (LAUGHING) - Na-na-na-na! Perhaps the Miss Steeles could meet us later. They are not even changed for dinner. The children are becoming overheated. Robbins, take them upstairs. I had better go up to the nursery. Amuse yourselves. Oh, Miss Dashwood, do pray sit down. Why, thank you. Mr Palmer… Why don't you put away that newspaper and amuse us ladies? - That is an ill-bred remark, madam. - Aye, abuse me as much as you like. You have taken Charlotte off my hands, and you cannot give her back. (LAUGHTER) What does Sir John mean by not having a billiard room in his house? (LAUGHS) All merry and bright, eh? All met each other, good friends? Ah, why no smile, Miss Marianne? Is it the absence of a certain young gentleman from Allenham, hmm? (CHARLOTTE) Pray do not be shy before us. Mr Willoughby's estate is near ours, not more than ten miles off. - That means 30, of course. - There is not much difference. I never was at his house, but they say it is pretty. - As vile as spot as ever I saw in my life. - (LAUGHTER) Poor Mr Palmer. Always out of humour. He's been so busy, you see, canvassing to get into Parliament, and he is forced to make everybody like him. (SNIGGERS) There was talk of me marrying Colonel Brandon at one time, but Mama objected to it. Still, I am happy as I am. Mr Palmer is just the kind of man I like. I never met Mr Willoughby, but all speak well of him. - Mama says you and he are to be… - Excuse me. Excuse me. She is not very well. (LAUGHTER) Why do they keep asking us here? It's all so tedious and dull. Ah, Miss Dashwood, there you are. May I present the Miss Steeles. Miss Steele, Miss Lucy Steele, Miss Dashwood, Miss Marianne Dashwood. - How do you do? - How do you do? Well, I'm sure you girls have lots to talk about. What a sweet woman Lady Middleton is. - Sir John, what a charming man. - And such beautiful children. I quite dote upon them already. I should suppose so, from what I saw this afternoon. I have a notion that you prefer to see children tame and quiet. I must confess that, at Barton Park, I never think of tame and quiet children with any abhorrence. How do you like Devonshire, Miss Dashwood? I suppose you were very sorry to leave Sussex? - I was. - Norland is a beautiful place, is it not? I think everyone who has seen it has admired it. And had you a great many smart beaus there? Anne, you're always talking of beaus. You must not ask the Miss Dashwoods that. I fear I cannot tell you, for I do not understand the meaning of that word. I have not had the pleasure of visiting Norland, but I long to do so. - Do you? - One who knows it intimately - has told us so much about it… - I am aching to dance. Come, Anne, the beaus are waiting for us. (MUSIC PLAYING) (APPLAUSE) ♪ La-la-la bum-bum ♪ (APPLAUSE) Thank you, Sir John. I did enjoy that. You dance so lightly. At my age, that is the supreme compliment. I hope I consoled you a little for the absence of a certain young man whose name begins with "F", hmm? Miss Marianne, will you do me the honour? Very well. Every beau in the room wants to dance with us, but one has to rest. - Of course. - But do tell me, I cannot bear mysteries. I shall be up all night guessing who is this "Mr F" for whom you are pining. I am pining for nobody, Miss Steele. You may remember, Miss Dashwood, that my sister spoke of a friend who had told us so much about Norland. I wonder if that is the same "Mr F"? - Who might that be? - A Mr Ferrars. - You are acquainted with Mr Ferrars? - Acquainted? We met him at our uncle's with whom we live when we are not invited about. He was four years a scholar under his tutorage. Oh, really? What a small world. Oh, but, Anne, you're looking tired. We must retire. Come, my dear. Miss Dashwood, we have so much in common. I am sure I have a found a friend in you. Would it be an impertinence to call upon you… tomorrow morning? Pray do. Miss Dashwood. You may find this question surprising, but are you acquainted with your sister-in-law's mother, Mrs Ferrars? I have never seen Mrs Ferrars. Indeed? I thought you must have met her at Norland. Then you cannot tell me what sort of a woman she really is. I know nothing of her. I am sure you think me very strange for asking, but there are reasons. I wish I could tell you. I do not mean to sound impertinent. I cannot bear to have you think me impertinent. There is no one whose good opinion I so much want. And I am sure I can trust you. I am surprised. Until last night, I never knew you were connected with that family. Mrs Ferrars is nothing to me at present, but the time may come when we may be very intimately connected. Are you closely acquainted with Mr Robert Ferrars? Robert Ferrars? That great coxcomb? Although I've never met him. No, with his elder brother Edward. Edward? I have been engaged to him these four years. Four years? When he was at my uncle's. It has been a great secret. Only my sister knows, and I rely upon your secrecy. I do not think Edward will mind you knowing, for he looks upon you and Miss Marianne as quite his own sisters. Well, what a pretty garden. May we go out and see it? I was very young and unwilling to enter into it, but I loved him too well to be as prudent as I ought to have been. Although you do not know him as well as me, you must be aware how capable he is of winning a woman's heart. Certainly. You must keep my secret. If it should reach his mother, she would never approve. Your secret is safe with me. I was afraid you would think I was taking a great liberty with you. I have not a soul whose advice I can ask. I only wonder that I am alive after these four years. He hardly ever comes. Sometimes I think it would better to break it off, but then he would be so unhappy, and so would I. I'm sure I wonder that my heart is not quite broke. What shall I do? I am sorry. I can give you no advice. He came to see you recently, did he not? Until then, he'd been spending a fortnight with us in Plymouth. He was heartbroken to leave. Did he not seem in low spirits when he came to you? I gave him a curl set in a locket. Perhaps you saw it when he was here? I did. I must go. I am glad we've talked. I knew you would understand. - Good day, Miss Dashwood. - Good day. Now, ladies, who is for cards? We might play a rubber of casino. - Just the thing, I say. - I would be delighted. Lady Middleton, I must finish dressing the doll that I promised Anna Maria. Very well. Do not hurt your eyes. There is still much to be done. Perhaps I may help to Miss Lucy. You are very kind. Sit by me, Miss Elinor, and help me dress the doll. So good of you to organise a ladies evening, dear, much as we enjoy the company of gentlemen. Mrs Jennings! - Thank you. - (PIANO PLAYING) Since you honoured me with your confidence, I have wanted to speak further. Oh, so have I. Thank you for breaking the ice. I thought I had offended you. How could you suppose so? And yet I do assure you, I felt sure he was angry with me. You are very unfortunate. You have to be sure of a great mutual affection to support you. I believe Mr Ferrars is entirely dependent upon his mother. She is a headstrong woman, they say. She would leave everything to Robert. That would be terrible for Edward. And for you. Or are you unselfish beyond reason? No. I have a plan. It does concern you. How could it concern me? Edward wishes to take holy orders. - As a churchman, he would have a living. - Well? Out of your friendship for him, could you not persuade your brother to give him the church living at Norland? And then we could marry without delay. My word would count for nothing, but he would listen to his wife. Edward's sister? She is against him going into the church, so Edward says. Then I can do nothing. What are you two young ladies whispering about? Young men, I'll warrant. Mine, I think, ladies. Madam, you cannot leave the table now. Oh, well, we shall continue without her. - Come and sit here. - Miss Candy, join us? Now then, I have been wanting to talk to you about London. London? All the family are going up for the winter and we shall have fine times. - London is a wonderful place, you know? - I know. I want you two girls to come and stay at my house after Christmas. Oh, that is very kind of you, but… No "buts". You will keep me company. And if I don't get one of you married by the time I've finished, it won't be my fault. Oh, I'm overjoyed. To think that my girls will have a season in London. Mother, we cannot leave you in the depths of winter. Well, I have Tom and Susan. And I have a plan to alter your bedrooms, which I can carry out without inconvenience. Oh, you are a good mama. Thank you. Thank you. There is one objection which cannot be removed. Oh, the expense, is it? Dear prudent Elinor? No. Mrs Jennings. She is a kind-hearted woman, but not one whose protection will give us any standing. She's a motherly good woman, and you'll always appear in public with Lady Middleton. If Elinor is frightened off by Mrs Jennings, I have no such scruples. I would put up with any unpleasantness to go to London… and I shall. Well, of course, you shall, my dear. Elinor, I would have you both go. Now no more nonsensical objections. Oh, Mother, you've made me so happy. You know very well why she is in a rage to go to London. I imagine Mr Willoughby is there. Not one word or letter has she had from him since he ran off. Not one. You would not have her pursue him? I want her happiness, Elinor. I would not stand in her way. Excuse me. Mother. Synced by Peterlin 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 