Sense and Sensibility: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sense and Sensibility 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sense and Sensibility (1981–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Jane Austen's classic tale of two very different sisters. Tracey Childs plays the young Marianne, with her passionate hunger for emotional experience & Irene Richard plays her sister Elinor, outwardly so cool & collected. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mama, it is no use considering that house any further. It is much too large for us. There are no others to let in the neighbourhood. We have seen them all. I still cannot believe it. Father is hardly buried and Norland is not our home any more. - How could he do this to us? - He had no say in the matter. The estate was entailed to John. Father only had it for his own lifetime. I must say, John and Fanny showed indecent haste in taking possession. - I'm sure it was all Fanny's doing. - I do not know a more unpleasant woman. Norland is John's home now, but I'm sure he will show a proper feeling for us. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I shall write to my relations. Perhaps they can help us. - Leave the district? - Why not? We must find somewhere to live. Oh, Elinor, where are your feelings? I govern them. But Fanny, my dear love, It was my father's last request to me that I should assist his widow and daughters. Something must be done. That something need not be £3,000. Oh, well… He required the promise, I could not do less than give it. You surely did not promise to impoverish our dear little Harry, our only child. And for whom? The Miss Dashwoods are only your half-sisters. That is very true, but my father… He did not know what he was talking of. He was probably light-headed at the time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 To be sure. Little Harry may regret that so large a sum was parted with, - if he should have a numerous family. - To be sure. Perhaps, then, it would be better for all parties if the sum were diminished one half. That would still be a prodigious increase to their fortunes. Beyond all dreams… and for half-sisters. I would not wish to do anything mean. My dear, they have been left £500 a year. It strikes me they can want no addition at all. That is very true. Perhaps, then, it would be better to do something just for their mother. An annuity, say - what? - £100 a year? That is better than parting with £1,500. But then if Mrs Dashwood lives for 15 years, we should be completely taken in. Fanny, her life cannot be worth half that purchase. How can we tell? People live for ever when there is an annuity to be paid to them. It is certainly hard to have that yearly drain on one's income. And you get no thanks for it, either. If I were you, I would not allow them anything yearly. I think you are right, my love. A present of a hun… of £50, now and then, hmm? In truth, I do not believe your father had any idea of giving them money. He only meant you to help them in kindly ways now and then. Such as a basket of game or fish when they're in season. And helping them to find another dwelling place. Upon my word, I believe that is exactly what my father meant. Ah, my dear Elinor, was the house you inspected to your satisfaction? I fear not. Mama and Marianne are resting. Well, never mind, my dear. We are delighted to have you here. While you keep on trying. There is nothing like a home of your own. Oh, I beg your pardon. - I was not aware… - No, no, no. Come in, come in, Edward. May I introduce my wife's brother, Mr Edward Ferrars. - Miss Dashwood. - How do you do, Mr Ferrars? How do you do, Miss Dashwood? Edward is to stay with us for a while. He has come from Tunbridge Wells, where our dear mother has a fine estate. Oh, yes. A very fine place. The rents bring in… how much would you say, Edward? - I hardly know. - The timber alone is worth a fortune. There's no need to blush, Edward. All yours one day, eh? Edward, don't stand there like a dummy. Do please sit down, Mr Ferrars. Thank you, Miss Dashwood. Have you ever been inclined to study the arts? My mother has other plans for me. Oh, may I? Thank you. What are they? Forgive me, I… Well, we are not of one mind in the family. I'm sorry. - Is that comfortable? - Thank you. Do sit down. You will not intrude. We both appear to like silence. Um… No, if you will excuse me… My morning walk. Good morning, Miss Dashwood. Good morning, Mr Ferrars. It was a most delicious dinner, my dear. The secret with cooks is to be firm, especially about stealing. We never had that trouble with ours. Having made a clean sweep, I would not know. I prefer to start afresh with servants, as you will, I dare say… when you find your new home. I hope that will be soon. Though you will not need many servants. Ah, I am glad you did not dally too long over the port. Neither of us is a three-bottle man. I should think not. Temperance is the begetter of wealth. - Ma'am. - Thank you, John. And what shall we do now? Marianne, will you play us something? Marianne is quite an accomplished musician. Oh, please do, Miss Marianne. Perhaps later. Thank you. I do enjoy conversation. (MRS DASHWOOD) No, thank you. Elevating conversation. - Do you read much, Mr Ferrars? - I'm a middling reader. - And your preference? - Essays. Oh, fiddle-de-dee! Dry bones. Reading should stir the heart, animate the feelings. My sister refers to so-called Gothic or romantic novels, written mostly by ladies for ladies. They are for people with heart. The heroines are brought to a swoon by heroes who are powerful and ready to call upon the devil if need be. - (CHUCKLING) - I would not call your heroes gentlemen. Gentlemen? So much for you, Mr Ferrars. Excuse me, Miss Marianne. Miss Dashwood? You sketch, of course? Yes, and do a little with watercolours. - Do you go out early? - The light is so beautiful then. - Yes, it is. - Mr Ferrars, why do you not entertain us? I, Miss Marianne? Yes, look what I found, the works of William Cowper. You have heard of the poet Cowper? I have heard of the poet Cowper. Read us one, Mr Ferrars. Marianne, why not play us something now? When Mr Ferrars has read. That's a bargain. Here's one. Why not, Edward? It will cultivate your talent for public speaking. You know how ardently mother wishes you to do that. Yes, come along, Edward. Practice will do you good. "The Poplar Field". "The poplars are fell'd! Farewell to the shade "and the whispering sound of the cool colonnade…" How spiritless, how tame was Mr Edward's manner in reading to us last night. - I fear his heart was not in it. - Heart? What heart? - How could you listen with such composure? - He did as you asked him. To hear that beautiful poetry, which has frequently driven me almost wild, pronounced with such impenetrable calmness, such dreadful indifference. He would certainly have done more justice to simple and elegant prose. Mr Edward Ferrars does not attract me by a single grace of person or dress. - He is stiff. - His manners are pleasing. Overcome his shyness and you will glimpse an affectionate heart. I grant he is amiable, but he is not the kind of young man… Whom you seek? There is something wanting in his eyes, that spirit, that fire one looks for. Alas, I am convinced I shall never meet a man whom I can really love. I require so much. It is rather early to despair of such happiness. You are not yet 17. Making a picture is a question of harmony. First, the harmony of form. One's eyes discover a pattern in nature that pleases. Then there is the harmony of colour. As for instance… Yes, he is an artist. Excuse me. Miss Dashwood… Be my judge. Do these? Do these compose a harmony? Oh, thank you. Mr Ferrars, please don't run away until you've heard my verdict. Every time I look at your breakfast set, I confess I envy you. Thank you. I am fond of it. Let me pluck up courage and ask, must you take it with you when you leave? Well, it never occurred to me to do otherwise. It does seem to belong to this house for all that your dear husband left it to you… with other pieces of furniture which will be so out of place in a small house. I shall find room for them. It does seem a little unfair to John as the heir. I sometimes wonder if his father was rambling at the time. You are misinformed, Fanny. I am extremely sorry if it will grieve you to part with the china and furniture, but they came to me from my own family on my marriage. Oh, I am so sorry. I did not know. Would you excuse me? Please, I have so little time to talk to you all. Oh… Really? Even Edward, my own brother, is much preoccupied lately. Indeed? He is an excellent young man, is he not? Yes. So he appears to me. As the heir to a rich estate, he has a great future, we are all sure. - Mother wishes to get him into Parliament. - Well, if that is his wish. It is what mother wishes that counts. Then there is the question of a suitable match for him. Oh, yes. I am sure. He needs a lady whose rank and fortune at least equal his own if he is to reach the highest places in the land. Of course, not everyone understands this. - Do they not? - Wherever he goes, some foolish young woman who tries to engage his attentions. Well, fortunately he is of age and can look after himself. Oh, he had better. Mother controls his purse strings. If Edward ever acted like a fool, all would go to his brother Robert. But Edward is not a fool. I sincerely trust he is not. Of course, I knew that a lady of your experience would understand. But you know the impudence of some of these girls. I have experienced a good deal of impudence, Fanny, but the worst of it has not been from the unmarried! Oh, my dears! I have been offered a house. - (ELINOR) A house? Where? - I hope it is not far from Norland. - It is in Devonshire. - Devonshire! So far from here? It is on the estate of my kinsman Sir John Middleton of Barton Park, near Exeter. - Exeter! - Mama, I am sure it will be quite splendid. It sounds quite small, but it is all we need. Oh, well! A kinsman, and landed and titled. You have done well to obtain his protection. I shall pay rent… against his wishes. I hope you and Fanny will visit us there. Er… possibly. If only I could have helped you with the cost of moving, but the expense of running Norland is prohibitive. I can afford it, thank you. We have made our other farewells. - They should have been here to see you off. - They are busy people. But you will visit us. I shall visit you. - You will be most welcome. - Indeed. Oh, dear, dear Norland… when shall I cease to regret you? Could you know the pain I suffer at bidding you farewell? And you, ye well-known trees… oh, but you will bloom on. Marianne! You… You are unaware that never again shall I enjoy you, but never shall I forget you. - Farewell. - Marianne, we are waiting. Oh, you! You're heartless! (SOBS) Susan, them yure! Welcome to Barton Cottage, ladies. Thank you. Thank you, coachman. I'm Tom. I do odd jobs and the garden. This is Susan. Will you step inside, ma'am? Yes, Tom. Susan. This is the other parlour, ma'am. Beds are ready and the rooms well aired. Not much unpacked in case we done something wrong. That is excellent, Tom. Tea will be a few minutes. Oh, thank you, Susan. Sir John's expecting you. He should be here in a minute. Had a boy on watch for you. Well, he'll want that hedge clipped before he comes. If you'll excuse me. Well, my dears, what do you think of the cottage? I think it will suit us well, Mama. It's all so dreary. Oh, when I think of Norland… Oh, it is modest, yes, but next year we may think about building. We could throw the parlours together, build upstairs. Mama, we cannot do all that on £500 a year. - (DOG BARKS) - Mama, I do believe… - Ah. - (LAUGHS) Cousin! Oh, it's a long time since I've seen you. - Dear Sir John. - Welcome to all of you, ladies. May I introduce my wife, Lady Middleton? - How do you do, Lady Middleton? - How do you do? May I present Miss Dashwood, Miss Marianne. Lady Middleton. Sir John. How do you do? A great pleasure, young ladies. We entertain much. You'll be an ornament to our circle. - (DOG BARKS) - Sully, sit. And now tell me, have you ever seen a finer boy at six than my William? Oh, never. - I think that contains china. - Play outside, William. - (LAUGHS) Come on. - My darling is so spirited. Well, my dears, we shan't stay long. You have a lot to do. But Tom is a good fellow, and you can train Susan up. I wanted you to stay with us till you had this place shipshape. So you wrote, but we should settle in at once. - (GLASS SHATTERS) - That is William. He's come to harm! No harm, my lady, except to my cucumber frame. But the shock. We must take him home. Coming. I only meant to say welcome. You'll have dinner with us tomorrow. - Please… - No arguments. There won't be a crowd - Lady Middleton's mother and my friend Colonel Brandon. - Be ready at four. - (WILLIAM) Ow! That boy. The sooner he goes to Eton and gets thrashed, the better. (LAUGHS) Good day to you, cousins. Good day, Sir John. I will say this for the family, we do have a jolly time. - So I see, Mrs Jennings. - Oh, this is a quiet night. Your daughter does play nicely. (PLAYS STATELY MUSIC) Ah! (CHUCKLES) I was very fond of playing the pianoforte when I was a girl, but I gave it up on my marriage. And my two dear children take up a great deal of time. She has a nice touch. I'm only sorry there aren't more people here to enjoy it. I rode down this morning to invite some neighbours, but everybody was full of engagements. Oh, yes, excellent. And now that song you promised us, hmm? My dear husband left me well off when I was widowed. But I had two girls to get off me hands and I pride myself, I've done well by 'em. You wouldn't think Lady Middleton was me daughter. Such a grand lady. Oh, I can't tell you the young ladies' academies I tried, the deportment teachers… but I took her about with me. - Mother. - Oh, thank you. Only way to make a good catch for your girls - take 'em about. I married me other girl well, too. A Mr Palmer, every bit as rich as Sir John. - My girls and I are happy together. - But you've got to get 'em off, my dear. What else is there for a widowed lady to do? (SINGS) ♪ Dear Father, have you any gold ♪ Or silver to set me free? ♪ And there's one good match for a start. Couldn't wish for a finer gentleman than Colonel Brandon. He's ripe for it, too. ♪ No, I have got no gold ♪ Nor silver to set you free… ♪ On the lookout, I'll warrant. Shall we listen to my sister? (SIR JOHN) Show them no mind. Plenty young men. ♪ Oh, the prickety bush… ♪ I love having young people around me. Give them plenty to eat, picnics by day, dancing at night. That's what I call life. John, will you be quiet a moment and listen to the music? Miss Marianne, another song, yes? - Sing me "The Prickety Bush". - (JOHN LAUGHS) Synced by Peterlin 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 