Chilling Adventures of Sabrina: Season 3, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chilling Adventures of Sabrina 
 s3e6 - Chapter Twenty-Six: All of Them Witches - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chilling Adventures of Sabrina (2018–…): Season 3, Episode 6 - Chapter Twenty-Six: All of Them Witches - full transcript 
 Zelda attempts to forge a supernatural alliance, Sabrina and the gang work with Caliban, and Hilda's transformation takes a terrifying turn. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Halt, sisters, and welcome. Welcome is for guests. You summoned us here against our will, Zelda Spellman. I did, Gryla. I summoned you here for the good of all witchkind. You are no longer safe on your own. None of us are. A community of pagans has risen. They have a gorgon and the great god Pan in their menagerie. Their plan is to kill us all. I smell weakness. I smell fear. No one summons Pesta... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and lives! Arrêtez! Stop! We do not need to fight each other. That is what men do. But we are women, n'est-ce pas? Witch women. We can do more than fight, can we not? Yes. Quite. We face a common enemy, and our choice is simple: unite, or die. You know me, Gryla. You know what I stand for. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Now please, will you listen to what I have to say? Do you have any gin? Certainly. Sabrina, fetch food and drink for our guests. And chairs. Get Prudence and Nicholas to help you. And find your Aunt Hilda, will you? She should be here. If you had to choose, like, absolutely had to choose... - Yep. - ...would it be Munsters or Addams Family? Oh, gosh... - Be careful with this choice. - I will be. - Could be a deal-breaker. - I know. So, this is the controversial decision. Oh, no. But The Munsters. - Oh, wrong answer, apparently. - Wow. Telly's not on my side. What's... Hilda! What is it, love? I... You know, I never thought I would say this, but I may have been watching too many horror movies. Oh. Okay, well, in that case, why don't we rehearse our number for the Sweeney Todd audition next week? Oh! Hey, Mr. T? Oh, marvelous idea, Mrs. Lovett. I'm full of them, you know. Come on. Your coven has always turned our kind away. For centuries, we've had to brave the wilderness alone. Why should we join you now? Our numbers are depleted. Our magick's non-existent. We need your strength, it's true. But if you help us, this could be your home. We could make a new coven together. There is wisdom in what she says. Better to be united for what is coming. What about the Dark Lord? At large, but trapped in a flesh Acheron, as far as we know. His strength muted. If we agree to help, what would you need us to do? Stand with us against the pagans when they come. They said three days, but they could come at any moment. Pesta, you could poison the soil around the Academy so if any pagan touched it, they'd shrivel with disease. I could do that, yes, easily. Where would we sleep? I've brought my house. The Desecrated Church. Sabrina, would you prepare it for our guests. Prudence and, um... Nicholas can help you. Sure. What news from the Pit? Any sign of our fugitive Dark Lord? We've searched the Nine Circles, mistress, and His Dark Lordship is nowhere to be found. But this gift came for you. [minion What is it, Your Magnificence? A fetish doll given to me by Adam. I must admit, I... I really love it. Back in the Garden? Not that Adam. Mary Wardwell's Adam. I was actually quite fond of him. Then Lucifer slaughtered him as proof that he would never show me mercy. This gift is from the Dark Lord, a not so thinly veiled threat that he's on his way to seek revenge for my... usurping him and imprisoning him. Pack my belongings. I must leave Hell at once and seek safe haven elsewhere before he manages to separate from Blackwood. Hey, how you doin', Sabrina? Fine, Nick, and you? Um... good, yeah. Just didn't think we'd be seeing each other so soon. Well, we do go to the same school and belong to the same coven, so... All right, what's going on between you two turtledoves? Why aren't you kissing and holding hands? - We're taking a break. - We broke up. So now you're just... Friends. Right. Friends. Well, I'm gonna get some more pillows and blankets for the hedge witches. Yeah, you do that, Nicky. Sabrina, your mortal side is showing. Heartbreak's not a good look on witches. Nick dumped me less than two hours ago, Prudence, I think I'm allowed. Oh, I can make the pain go away with a cord-cutting spell. It's a very simple spell. All you need is two candles joined by one wick, and whatever emotional ties you have with Nicholas will be burned away for good. What if this is just temporary, and we still get back together? Is that what you want? Why? I mean, come on, Sabrina, be honest. Were you and Nick ever good together? I mean, don't get me wrong. We were all living for the drama, but you two were mismatched from the start. Let me ask you this, did Nicholas ever thank you? For what? For saving his life, for helping him get clean? - No. - No. And yet, all you want is to go back for more. Hmm. I would think that you, of all people, would have more self-respect than that. Forgive me if I don't take romantic advice from you, Prudence. Where are you going? After Nicholas? No, to save my friends, and take a break from this place. Ladies, infernal sisters, if I might bother you for a moment. I've been asked to collect all of your information. First up is Gryla of the Mountains. Single mother of... How many yule lads do you have? Thirteen lads in my brood, and another coming. Congratulations. And where are they currently? They're all around you, warlock. Right. Uh... Moving onto Sycorax. Now, confirming you are a sea witch? No, a river witch. Forgive me. Um. And what can you do? I could drown you where you stand. But of course. As Zelda said, you will be very helpful against the pagans. All of you will. Where have you guys been? You look... We were in the mud. Where have you been? All over. Things have been a little crazy. - Baseball players got turned into pigs. - What? Harvey and Billy and Carl went to the carnival. And this woman, some kind of witch... Circe. ...turned Billy and Carl and Martin and Eric into pigs. They're in Theo's barn. And Robin's one of 'em. Wait, Robin, you're a pagan? I travel with them. If you travel with the pagans, then why are you here with Theo and Harvey and not with them? They are planning a slaughter that I will not be party to. I knew love once, and I wanna feel it again. I... I am feeling it again, and I don't want what they want, not anymore. And what do they want? They... We came to Greendale to resurrect the pagan gods, starting with the oldest one, the Green Man. Why should we believe you? Robin didn't have to tell us any of this. He's trying to help. I, uh... I put myself in your hands. And there's no going back to the pagans after what I said to you. How do we stop them? Um... What? Guys, what is it? The ultimate resurrection of the Green Man can't happen without a virgin sacrifice. Which is why Robin got close to me and why the snake charmer got close to Harvey, to keep tabs on us, 'cause we're, um... we're all, um... Virgins. Except for Roz, which is part of the reason why they turned her into stone. Also, 'cause she could use her cunning against them. This is a nightmare. And when exactly is this resurrection supposed to happen? When the Green Man's head scrapes the sky, and the ripe fruit falls from his arms. So there's still time to stop that from happening and save Roz? You keep saying that, Sabrina, but how? You don't have any powers. Perhaps I can help. What the hell is he doing here? Caliban, if this is about the third challenge... I came to make a proposal, away from the courts of Hell. If my queen were to entertain it, I would, in turn, help your friend. What do you know about turning someone from stone to flesh? I'm made of clay. True, forgot about that. There's a spell, a Pygmalion spell that will turn her back into flesh. - Do you know it? - Not by heart, no, I'd have to find it. If you came with me, I could outline my proposal. - Sabrina, if he can fix Roz... - Fine, I'll do it. Let's go. Whoa. I should go. We should go. Um... but we'll swing by later, okay, Harvey? Harvey. Dad. Come into the house. Dinner's ready. I'm not hungry. Harvey, get your ass in the house. I'm not eating alone. Take a shower. You look like hell. ♪ By the sea, Mr. Todd That's the life I covet ♪ ♪ By the sea, Mr. Todd Oh, I know you'd love it ♪ ♪ You and me, Mr. T We could be alone in a house ♪ ♪ What we'd almost own down by the sea ♪ - ♪ Anything you say ♪ - ♪ Oh, wouldn't that be smashing ♪ ♪ With the sea at our gate We'll have kippered herring ♪ ♪ What have swum to a strait From the Straits of Bearing ♪ ♪ Every night in the kip When we're through our kippers ♪ - ♪ I'll be slipping off your slippers ♪ - Is that all? ♪ By the sea ♪ Saucy. ♪ Wouldn't the fishes Splashing by the sea ♪ ♪ Anything you say Anything you say ♪ ♪ Think how snug It would be underneath... ♪ What? Hilda? Okay. Dr. Cee? No, no, no, stay away from me! Stay... stay away from me. Okay. Okay. It's okay, love. It's just me. It's just me. Could we just sit down? Just come, and I'll explain. Please. Why's it called a Pygmalion spell? Don't you know the myth of Pygmalion? He was a sculptor who carved a woman made of ivory. Pygmalion fell in love with the statue, wished her alive. He made an offering to the gods, promised he would give up his greatest love, sculpting. In exchange, when Pygmalion kissed the statue, she turned to flesh. That's beautiful. - Why are you crying? - You wouldn't understand. And we have a spell to find. Yes, and a proposal to discuss, which you promised to consider. We could compete against each other to find the third item of the Unholy Regalia, Judas' pieces of silver, or... we could work together to find them. - Who would win the throne in that case? - We both would. We could align and rule Hell together. Align? Get married. Married? I think we want different things, Caliban. - Are you certain of that? - A hundred percent. I don't wanna turn Earth into the Tenth Circle of Hell, for starters. - What if I took that off the table? - Is this a negotiation? Because if so, I'm still not marrying you, Caliban. - A, I just broke up with my boyfriend... - Make me a counter offer then. And I'll give you this spell I just found. Is that it, the Pygmalion spell? What will you trade me for it to save your friend and stabilize the realms? Are we seriously having this conversation? A monarch must know how to compromise. Well, as you suggested, Earth would be off-limits, and there would be no enslavement of anyone. But what would we do instead? We'd reform the Hell that already exists, make it better, work with Heaven instead of against it, maybe. Work with Heaven? Do you think they would do that? Caliban, why do you even wanna be King? Same as you want to be Queen... power. I need certain things from you in writing first. And to be clear, our alignment would be political and not romantic. - Carnal? - Not carnal, no. But if you just broke up with your boyfriend... Maybe we'll get back together. Perhaps we should continue this discussion after we cure your friend. You heart might have softened towards me by then. Lilith, what in the heaven are you doing here? What's wrong? You know very well. Lucifer walks free. Don't you think he'll take vengeance upon us? The Dark Lord is not known to forgive and forget. I've already received a threat. I need asylum. I am sorry for that, but we're rather more focused on not being annihilated by a group of unhinged pagans. - I could help you. - Oh, you, the ultimate wild card. But you must give me sanctuary. You worship me. And what good has that done us? No, find someplace else to hide. You... You're a pathetic lot, hanging your onions to keep the Dark Lord at bay. No. No, I think I won't stay here. What good are witches against his wrath? No, what I need is a good Christian woman. Oh, no. Oh, Harvey! Roz broke. I don't know what happened. I left for 15 minutes and came back, and she was... like this. Caliban, does this mean she's... Dead? No. She needs to be put back together, that's all. She's in all these pieces. We'll gather and arrange them into her shape. Make sure none of her bits are missing. There's a special epoxy we'll need. I'll prepare it and be right back. I hate this. I'm so sick of putting all you guys in danger. This one isn't on you, 'Brina. You're not making the pagans go after virgins. True. So you and Roz never... No. We were going to, for sure. But? But... the carnival came to town. That's when everything started going wrong. Nick and I never had sex either. Really? I assumed 'cause you're a cool witch, and he's a cool warlock that... Nope. He definitely has, like, all the time, but not with me. We broke up... earlier today. What? How come? Lots of reasons. I dunno. Maybe he just wasn't the right one. It's a spell, a pagan spell. Well, a curse, and there's nothing that can be done. I've tried everything. I've tried every potion, every poultice, every arcane incantation. It's just that the curse is too strong. What does that mean? That I'm going to die, I think. No, Hilda, that's... I won't allow that to happen. - I... - Darling, it's better to accept it. Accept, never. Hilda Spellman, now you listen to me. We're gonna have a long, long life, you and me. A simple life in the country with a fire and books and tea and everything. Everything that you ever wanted, because that's what you deserve. Oh... I want nothing more than to have a quiet life with you. - I'm calling Zelda. - Stop it. Stop it, please. There's nothing that can be done. And I don't wanna burden Zelda. I don't wanna burden the coven, not like this. I came here because I wanted to spend time with you before it... Can we do that? Of course. Yes, if that's... if that's what you really wanted. Um... just tell me if there's anything I can do to make you more comfortable? You are a treasure. Now, I do have a craving, besides flies. There's a diner in Riverdale, and it sells the juiciest hamburgers and the thickest milkshakes, not that yours are not wonderful. Of course, of course. Coming right up. Bondye, almighty Gran Mèt, we behold the pouvoir of the Universal Creator as we ask for your protection. Hear our priyère to Ginen, as we surrender to the spirits of the ancestors and divine within. That is quite enough. What exactly is the meaning of this? Tanpri, you have nothing to be afraid of, eh. I am only sharing the ways of Haitian voodoo with the sisters. That is not why you are here. I asked Mambo Marie to teach us a dance of protection. In that case, Prudence, may I have a word with you alone? Yes, Sister Spellman. You, a prefect, drumming while this perfect stranger... Mambo Marie is not a stranger. Ambrose and I met her in New Orleans. She helped me find my father. I don't understand, why did she answer our call then? I invited Mambo Marie. Separate from the summoning. She happened to arrive at the same time as the hedge witches, but she is certainly not one of them. We are in the fight of our lives against the pagans and their monsters. Yes, and if we're going to survive it, we need to adapt. I've seen her magick work. She doesn't get power from the Dark Lord, she gets it from... somewhere else, and if we could learn where... Never in the history of the Church of Night has an outsider been allowed to lead a ceremony. Oh, I see, so you invite the hedge witches because they can't challenge your status. But I invite one occultist with the skill and authority to help us out of this mess, and you're worried she threatens your position in the church. Prudence, she is a Catholic, for Satan's sake. I am sorry you are frightened by my ceremony. I can see you are wary of the unknown. Mais calmez-vous, the only spirits I invite in are the ones I know and trust. As for myself, perhaps if you knew me better, I would not be quite so fearsome. I am Mambo Marie LeFleur, Vodouisant of the Fourth Ward. I can see your mèt-tèt. He is beautiful. Powerful. I can see you and I are more alike than you know. It is true, Prudence invited me, but I have been waiting for her invitation all my life. You see, my mèt-tèt told me, long ago, that something was coming. Something very old and very evil, and that if I could summon my courage, I might play a role in helping to beat it back. But of course, I will not stay where I am not wanted. Wait! Mambo Marie, I admit that I'm a bit wary of newcomers, but I can see you mean to help, and I'm in no position to refuse you. So please, stay, as our honored guest. High Priestess Zelda Spellman, I accept your invitation. Is that every piece of her? Yeah, we checked everywhere. What do we do now, glue her back together? The Pygmalion spell will be most effective where you and your beloved first kissed. Do you remember where that was? Yeah, of course, at school, the night of the Valentine's dance. - Is it close? - Mm-hmm. Let's take her there then. Carefully. We'll apply the epoxy, and then you'll make your offering. Maybe we should take two trips. We can help you carry her. Please let us. Let me help. Hello. Anybody here? Um, go away. We're closed. Sign says you're open, lady. And I was hoping to get some dinner. I'm hungry. I am too. Come to the back then. Uh... Okay. Hey, you know what, I've changed my... When she comes back to life, she won't be scarred, will she? - She will not. - Oh, that's a relief. What happens now? You say the spell, but first, you make your offering. - To whom? - Aphrodite or Eros. What am I offering? Your love for Rosalind. Give it up, and she'll be restored to flesh. Give it up? What are you talking about? Aphrodite is the goddess of love. She'll grant your wish, but demands your heart's desire, Rosalind. Vow to forsake your truest love, then to complete the spell... kiss her. She'll restore to flesh once more. But if you betray your vow, if you ever kiss her again, she'll return to stone and will remain that way until the end of days. Wait, no! Harvey, there has to be some other kind of offering. There is none. That is the price. Love for life. I'll do it. I'll do it. Say the words to Aphrodite and give her a kiss. Roz... if you can hear me... I love you. Please understand that I had to do it. "Aphrodite, fair and mighty, take this form of fixed stone, and turn her back to flesh and bone. As below, so above... I yield to you my truest love." Nothing happened! Caliban? His offering was rejected. - What does that mean? Why? - You must not truly love her. That's bullshit! Aphrodite would only accept your heart's true desire. That must not be Rosalind. Must be something else or someone else. - Shut the hell up! - Hey! What'd you know, you and your bullshit spell? - How do we know if any of this is real? - Why would I lie? Harvey, Caliban, stop! Strike me again, mortal. I'll grind every bone in your body to sand. - All right, that's enough. - Tell them what you told me. - I should kick your ass. - Harvey! Please calm down. Tell us what, Robin? Among the pagans, there's that witch, Circe, the one that turned your friends into pigs. She has powerful magicks of transformation. She could turn your friend back into flesh. For someone who's trying to earn our trust, why would you only tell us this now? No, it's too dangerous. Circe's power resides in her hands. All she'd have to do is touch you, and she could turn you into any creature she's ever seen before. And without magick, you're no match against her. I don't have magick, it's true, but I know where we can borrow some. Yes. Who is it? Who's there? Mary, it... it's me. Adam? - Adam. - Mary. I feared the worst. I... - I thought you were dead. - No, no, no, no, my darling, I'm here. But, Mary, someone's after me, someone bad, someone dangerous, and I need you to hide me. Where have you... where have you been? I mean, who's after you? There's no time to explain. You must hide me with your goodness. Only your goodness can protect me from what's coming. Please, please, I... I'm at your mercy. If you love me, help me. I love you. Of course... I'll help you. Just stoke the fire and give us the light... Prudence, have you seen Ambrose? We need his help with something. I believe he... Oh, wow, that didn't take long. I guess I was right. Right about what, Nick? About you and your friend here. - I knew it the night of the carnival. - Caliban is helping me save Roz. It's okay, Spellman, you don't have to lie to me. Lie to you? I have never once lied to you about anything, Nick. Unlike you, who lied to me constantly, when you weren't cheating on me. She does have a point, Nicky. And I am sorry. I am truly sorry you went through what you did. Everyone on this planet owes you a debt they can never repay, but you're not a martyr, and you're not an innocent. And don't ever disrespect me again, or you can forget about us ever being friends. - Sabrina. - Save it. Believe it or not, I have more important things to deal with than your drama and narcissism right now. Hilda? No, no, Hilda. Good news... Dr. Cee. I'm not dying. It turns out I just needed a little bit of blood, and that has made me so much lustier. What? I have all these eggs inside me waiting to be fertilized. You're not scared of me, are you? You're still in love with him, or is it just lust? Quit while you're ahead, Caliban. Ambrose, are you here? Or is it the mortal that you love? - Excuse me? - As he loves you. - He does not. - Mmm. Okay, you know what? I so do not need to be having this conversation with you right now. Is this what it's like for you when you're not in Hell? It's called multi-tasking, Caliban. And I suppose you're the picture of nobility? You rang, cousin? I did. I need your help with something. Caliban, I'll see you later. Bye! As you wish. Hmph... back in the saddle already, I see. I'm ignoring that, by the way. And I've been thinking about those witches we summoned, Ambrose, and your stone circle, and how it's time we go on the offensive. Oh, why is that? We need Roz and Dorcas back asap before their transformation to stone is irreversible. Right now, the pagans don't know about the hedge witches. That gives us an advantage. Oh, how can I help you, Father? Good woman Wardwell, my name is Father Brown. I'm visiting the homes of good Christian folks to warn them. Is yours a good Christian home? I should hope it is, Father. Warn them? Evil is afoot. The Devil has come to Greendale. - The Devil? - Mm-hmm. Why, yes, I have felt his presence, too, all around me, and there's... there's so many... so many things I have no explanation for. But there is a darkness here, of that I'm sure. Quite right, Goody Wardwell, but Satan does not work alone, he has allies. Allies? Do you mean witches? Yes, witches. There are witches in Greendale. Some you may even know. Who? Who? Sabrina Spellman and her family. They are witches. They seek to destroy you, to make you unholy. Tell me, Mary, are you weak? Will you let Satan take hold of you? No, never! Do you not feel him, woman? Do you not know when the Devil himself is in your own home, manipulating you, appearing to you in some guise? - What guise? - He could appear to you as anyone, Mary. A friend, a student, an errant lover perhaps. Adam. I could've sworn he was dead, but... He's here, the Devil. Over there. Please. Please help me. Do I have your permission, good woman Wardwell? Take it. Prepare yourself, Devil. Prepare to meet your match! Reveal thyself, deceiver. No. I'd run if I were you. Oh! Very good, Lilith. We'll want privacy for what comes next, a ritual of separation. Come on! Diretrix Spellman speaking. Zelda, help me, please. Hilda? Sister, where are you? He's dead. He's dead, and I killed him. Who? What are you talking about? Come to Dr. Cee's, and please, bring a gun. Hildy... Hey, witches, who wants some vino? Give it here. ♪ An old man came riding by We say so ♪ ♪ And we know so ♪ ♪ And the sharks will have his body And the Devil have his soul ♪ Sisters! My Aunt Zelda would have us wait for the pagans, but I say, we are strong! I say we take our fight to them. Who wants to mess up some pagans? Remember, witches, we're focusing our energies on Sabrina. The stones around us will reflect those energies back onto her poppet. Prudence will cue us. Sororibus, audire vocationem nostram. Sororibus, audire vocationem nostram. Sororibus, audire vocationem nostram. All right, Salem. Let's find Circe and get the heaven outta here. Hey! We give to thee the power... Pesta! We give to thee the power of... Sycorax! We give to thee the yule lads of... Gryla! And where did you come from? I've got her. Do it now! Release me, heathens. Not until you undo the damage you and your pagans did to our friends. First, you're turning Roz and Dorcas here back to flesh. Even if I could, I would never! You're a witch of transformation, Circe, that's what you do. Well, if you don't, I suppose we only really need your hands. Ambrose is right, Circe. We can do this the easy way... Or we can do this the Zero Dark Thirty way. We'll take those hands from you ourselves to save our friends. Try to attack us, and we'll chop you down like a tree. I... submit. These bodies petrified in stone, return them please to flesh and bone. Oh, my sister. Roz! Oh, are you okay? Sister. Oh, my sister. And now, traitor? Now, you're gonna turn those pigs back into jocks. Wait, turn what into who? All of them, back to who they were. They'll kill you for betraying them, Carcosa and Nagaina. Just do it, Circe. Welcome back, boys. Now here's how it's going to be. You're going to follow me out of the Academy, and then you're going to walk to your respective homes, and you're not going to remember anything from the last two days. Is that understood? Good. Come with me. Hilda? What in Satan's name? It's Dr. Cee. Hilda, is that you? Hildy, what happened? Pagans did this. What? Turned you into a spider woman? That's why you have to shoot me. Hilda, what rubbish. Of course I can't do that. Please. It's the only way. Do you know, I believe you're right, sister. So, Circe's in the dungeon and the boys are back home, none the wiser. A win for us. Not a huge win, but a win nonetheless. Glad to have you in the Fright Club, dude. I'm, uh, glad to be here. ♪ Dusty brown boots in the corner By the ironing board ♪ ♪ Spray-on dust is the greatest thing ♪ ♪ Sure is the greatest thing ♪ I thought I lost you. Never, Rosalind. You're never gonna lose me. I promise. ♪ A junk yard fool with eyes of gloom ♪ ♪ I asked him time again ♪ ♪ Take me in and dry the rain ♪ ♪ Take me in and dry the rain ♪ ♪ Take me in and dry the rain ♪ ♪ Take me in and dry the rain The rain, the rain, the rain... ♪ - Sabrina. - Nick. Um... I'm sorry. Me too. About what? Good question. Friends? ♪ If there's something inside That you wanna say ♪ ♪ Say it out loud, it'll be okay ♪ ♪ I will be your light I will be your light... ♪ A mèt-tèt is a guardian spirit that watches over us from the moment we are born. We each have a mèt-tèt. Even me and Judas? Yes, chérie, because everyone is worthy of a mèt-tèt's guidance... and protection. A stroke of genius bringing Marie to the Academy. I invited her, Ambrose, but she came for her own reasons. Until they're revealed, I want her to teach us her ways, even Judith and Judas. Perhaps she can undo my siblings' brainwashing. I hope you're right, Prudence. The oil is ambergris. The water... is from the River Styx. Water and oil. The separation ritual is quite simple. Like splitting a yolk from an egg. But it's recommended that both parties be asleep, Dark Lord. Father Blackwood. Demoness. Where am I? What is this? You're in a tub of water mixed with oil. Now that Lucifer is asleep, we have business to discuss, and quickly. What business could I possibly have with you? We must perform an act that will ensure we both remain alive after I separate you from the Dark Lord. Otherwise, it will be a horrific death for the two of us. What kind of act? Oh... one you are... intimately familiar with. Poor Dr. Cerberus. I wish I'd known about Aunt Hilda. I could've brought her to Circe without you having to... kill her. Yes, well, perhaps we should start talking again, Sabrina... being a family again. I've missed you. And if my hunch is correct, and they usually are, when Hilda rises from the Cain Pit, she'll be her old self again, not that spider monstrosity I shot in the bookstore. How long do you reckon before she awakens? Shan't be too much longer now. In fact, I'm going to go wait in the parlor. And tonight, we shall dine as a family. Well done, both of you. And as soon as your Aunt Hilda comes back to us, we'll return to the Academy and prepare for the upcoming battle. No, Salem, I have to do this for my own good. Prudence said to carve my name on this one, Nick's on the other, then I just burn the wick, and all my feelings for him are gone. Our cords cut. Yes, of course, Nick, who else? Harvey? No. I mean, I'll always love Harvey, but I don't think I still... I don't wanna hurt Roz. I don't wanna hurt Harvey. It's better safe than sorry. Oh, at last. Hilda. Witches, all of them. Witches. Lilith? This is for Adam. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 