Chilling Adventures of Sabrina: Season 3, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chilling Adventures of Sabrina 
 s3e4 - Chapter Twenty-Four: The Hare Moon - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chilling Adventures of Sabrina (2018–…): Season 3, Episode 4 - Chapter Twenty-Four: The Hare Moon - full transcript 
 The coven celebrates a festive tradition -- and crosses paths with unexpected guests. Nick struggles to strike a balance between pleasure and pain. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm happy you stayed tonight. I'm happy I stayed too. I wish we didn't have to sneak around. Me too. But you know how my dad is. He would legit murder me if he found out I wasn't in my room. But guess what? He's going to Las Vegas for a church convention. For real? For an entire week. Which means we could spend the whole night together... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 at my house. I think we're ready. But for now, I gotta go. Okay. Okay. Yes. Good morning. Sabrina. What are you, uh... what are you doing here? Astral projecting. So I'm only here in spirit. Oh. Speaking of spirit... what do you think of my outfit? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Give me an H, give me an O, give me a T. So, there's this cheerleader performance flash mob thing happening today at Baxter High. Wanna come? I may have bragged to all the girls about my dark, dashing private school boyfriend. Then I shall be there. Amazing. See you then. Quite a racket you and your friends have been making in the garage. It's called music, Dad. Oh. Morning. Morning. Um... what are you doing here? Your father and I met last night at the carnival. I gotta get to the mines. See you later, babe. Bye, lover. Are you wearing my mom's robe? Want me to take it off? Definitely not. Oh, don't get so high and mighty. Your father and I are both adults, which is more than I can say for you. Does your dad know what you've been up to? - Maybe I should tell him. - Maybe you should mind your own business. - Morning, lamb. - Good morning. What's that smell? - Pancakes? - No. Making your favorite, moon pie, for the lunar festivities. Wait, we're not still celebrating the Hare Moon, are we? And why shouldn't we? Well, aren't we in crisis with our powers waning? Also, it's not even a real holiday. It's just an excuse to eat pie and drink wine at a picnic. I mean, it's a symbolic gesture giving thanks to a bunch of rabbits. True. But it will give the coven a moment of reprieve, of levity. Our vernal homage to rebirth will be a morale boost, and at the very least, a distraction from our waning powers. Okay. Well, I have a cheer event, which you're both welcome to attend. - Lovely. - We'll be far too busy... - Far too busy getting ready. - ...getting ready, as should you be. You are our coven's youngest living member, Sabrina, which means you are our symbolic hare and must walk into the woods and release the pardoned rabbit whilst singing a song of summer. Okay, but it makes zero sense. I mean, during Feast of Feasts, we literally cannibalize a witch. So during the Hare Moon, we release a rabbit. How does that track? It is not the time to question traditions. No. So we'll see you at 3:00. Earlier, if Ambrose's research yields a reason for our chronic weakness. Ms. Wardwell? Yes. I hope you'll pardon the intrusion, Ms. Wardwell, but I wanted to thank you again in person for helping my family. Little Lucy is fine, thank goodness. Huh! Uh... well, I... I'm not sure I follow. My daughter. All she remembers from the incident is eating ice cream, and then you coming to her rescue. Yeah, I have... I really d... I have no id... I don't know what you're talking about. You found Lucy in an ice cream freezer and returned her to me. The police are still looking for her abductor. Have they been by yet to take a statement from you? Uh, not yet. Perhaps if you were to tell me exactly what it is I did to help your... your daughter, was it? Hey, girl, where's Nick? I thought he was coming to the flash mob. Yeah, he is. Let me double-check. ♪ Don't worry 'bout this heart of mine ♪ ♪ It's been busted for a long, long time ♪ ♪ You'll only find static on the line ♪ Son of an angel. Anyway, it's so gross. My dad just met her at the carnival, like, last night. - There's something super weird about her. - Wait, who is this again? The snake charmer lady. Let's go investigate. We could go snooping around the tents, maybe we'll see something. Yeah. Yeah, okay. - Let's do it. - I'm in. I have a picnic type thing with my aunts, but please be careful, guys. - Robin, you want to join? - Uh... No, I'll, uh... I'll sit this one out. Oh. Isn't this a lovely little picture. - Aunt Hilda? - Hi. - Are you astral projecting right now? - Oh, no, tried to, couldn't, drove. What's going on? Your Aunt Zelda wants us to go straight to the Academy. Emergency family meeting. Attendance is mandatory. Go, I'll cover for you with the Ravenettes. What do we do if Nick shows up? Just tell him I'm at the Academy, which is probably where he is. You're not going to like this, but... it is our fault the coven's powers are waxing and waning. Lookie here. So the Pendle Coven suffered a similar power loss in 1612. It seems they offended the Dark Lord in some way, and so he withdrew his gifts from them a little at a time and then all at once. They offended him, and we... we dethroned and imprisoned him. Well, how did they get their power back? They didn't. The Pendle Coven was wiped out by witch hunters several months later. What does that mean for us? It means the Dark Lord is a sore loser, and he's cut us off like the petulant brat he is. Are you really so petty you'd render our entire coven powerless, vulnerable, out of spite? I wondered how long it would take you all to realize the price you'd pay for imprisoning me. I demand that you restore our power at once. If you want your power back, all you have to do is set me free. That we shall never do. Oh, then let's see how long you all last without my protection. Unless, of course, you beseech Lilith. Perhaps she could bless your pathetic coven with her gifts. Oh, that's right, she can't! Why, she's not even Queen of Hell. That's enough, Dark Lord. What do you mean, Lilith's not Queen of Hell? Of course she is. Will you tell them, daughter, or shall I? - Aunt Zee, don't be mad. - Upstairs. Now! Queen? Queen of Hell? Explain yourself, Your Highness. I don't precisely have the throne outright just yet. But you're Queen? My claim to the throne has been challenged by a prince of Hell, this surfer dude named Caliban. Being Queen of Hell isn't a summer job. You're 16, for pity's sake. You're not dedicating the rest of your life to a kingdom that has nothing whatsoever to do with you! It was my father's kingdom, Aunt Zelda, before we trapped him. And it's not like I had a choice. I did it to save the realms. There's a balance. You did it because you wanted to! You did it because you like power! And that's healthy, up to a point, but you... you have a savior complex. You always have. Can you believe this, Hilda? Your niece chose a throne in Hell over her coven and her family. - She did not. - That's not fair. I have always stood with you and the coven. Have you lifted one finger to help us, even as we find ourselves coming apart? Speaking of that, we have an urgent, urgent problem on our hands. We are witches, and the Dark Lord has rendered us powerless. We need a new source of mystical energy now. On the eve of the Hare Moon. Right, what shall we tell the students? - Nothing, of course. - Nothing. This is a problem we four must solve. I have an idea. I'm Queen of Hell, as we all now know. I should have access to the same energies that Lucifer did... does. The Dark Lord's power is infernal. It's got to come from Hell, right? Some, I don't know, battery? So I'll find the Dark Lord's source of power, claim it, and deliver it unto the coven. Theoretically, that could work, but Hell is a vast realm, Sabrina. How do you intend on finding this? I'll ask Lilith. She knows all the tea. All right. But Ambrose goes with you. Hell? Aunt Zee, I'm Queen of Hell. I don't care if you're the Queen of England. You're still my niece. I won't have you going to one of the Nether Realms without some familial support. Or, of course, we could all come with you. - Ooh! Blimey, what would I wear? - Fine, Ambrose can come. Well, what am I going to wear? Mr. Scratch, can't keep away from me, can you? That's how it always is. You tortured me for what felt like an eternity. Now it's my turn, bitch. I know the carnival doesn't open for a while, but isn't it weird that no one's here? Yeah. But it makes it easier for us, at least. Okay, guys, I'll sneak into the snake charmer's tent and touch something of hers, maybe her hairbrush or something. And hopefully, the cunning will tell me who she is and what she wants. You guys keep watch. Right. You're the sex-obsessed seer. Well... you've saved me a trip. You, boys, what are you doing here? My carnival is closed today. It's a holy day. Let's get out of here. She won't be troubling us again. Thank you for warning us, Robin Goodfellow. Now, my dears, we may celebrate Ostera with light hearts. Oh, how I've missed your virility. Stop talking! And what about you, Nicholas? Have you missed me? What am I saying? Of course you have, else you wouldn't be here desperate for contact, any contact. Don't fret! There'll always be a piece of me inside you. You do realize you're not punishing me, just Blackwood's flesh suit. Not that I would mind it, I like it when things get a bit rough. Anyway, I'm not really the person you want to be punishing, am I, Nick? That would be you. That boy knows nothing of true Hell, but he will when I rip him limb-from-limb! You'll have your chance, Faustus. Nicholas is fraying at the edges. He'll be back to see us. Mark my words. And when he does return, I'll have something for him that will make him do anything we want. What's he doing here? Ambrose is my... Privy counselor. Privy counselor. Oh, this is Hell. I am in Hell. Crowley never made it to Hell, but I, Ambrose Spellman, am in Hell. In any case, we need your help. My annoying father is withholding his dark gifts, his power from my coven. We need it restored. Well, I'm sorry. I can't help with that. Well, surely he gets his energies from somewhere in Hell. A lake of fire, an infernal furnace, something? They are not Hell's gifts. They're Lucifer's. They come from within him. They originate with him, and he dispenses them as he sees fit. What are you saying, that... That Lucifer's powers come from him being an angel, yes. That he's Heaven-born. Of course, Lucifer's power is celestial, not infernal. That makes perfect sense. Well, if Lucifer's power comes from his essence, then I, as his daughter, must have it too, right? Polluted and diluted by your mother's mortal blood, useless to your coven. Hold on. If Lucifer the angel is denying us our gifts, then we... Then we need to find ourselves another angel. Well, you won't be getting into Heaven, if that's what you're thinking. It's not. I don't understand, Hilda. Why would Sabrina lie to us so wantonly? Keep something like that to herself. She's... she's the Queen of Hell, Hilda, - which changes everything. - I know. - Not that she sees that yet. - I know. You know, sister, I believe it's the lies that irk me more than anything else. This family is seemingly riddled with them. Um... um... No, it's funny that you should say that now, because, um, I... I have something to share. I just haven't had the right... to say... Dr. Cee proposed... marriage... to me. - Did he? - Hm. And you accepted, I take it? Well, we haven't set a date yet, and... Are you mad at me? Mad? - No, sister, I am not mad. - Oh. I'm not mad that both you and Sabrina are deserting me, deserting this family, deserting our coven in our greatest hour of need. I am sadly unsurprised... and resigned. What can I help you with? The witch hunters who attacked the Academy last year were angels. I killed two of them, but Nick said you and he trapped a third one here in a painting. Yes, in the Caravaggio, if I'm remembering it correctly. We need to get him out, and we need to siphon off some of his energy. Via bloodletting. Then everyone in our coven could drink some. Could you help us with that? It's like tapping a barrel, and I'd be a sorry barkeeper if I couldn't do that. Would you like me to do it - and deliver the blood to you? - No, this is too important. Ambrose, go home and get Aunt Zelda on board with the plan. I'll stay here and wait for the blood. Just to be sure. Yes. I'll bring out the Caravaggio. We should take her to a hospital. Come on, Theo, you know whatever happened to her, it's... it's magic-related. Roz, can you tell us what happened to you? She's so cold she can't talk. Get Sa... bri... na. She's right, Sabrina would know what to do. Okay, Theo, you stay here, I'll go get her. It's going to be okay. Don't kill him in case we need more blood later. Yes, yes. Mmm. Delicious. What? You can hardly expect me to decant a celestial without sampling the vintage. Yes, I'm coming. I'm coming. Goodness. - Hey! Oh, my. - Ms. Spellman, is Sabrina in? Oh, no. She's not, my love. She... - Why, has something happened? - It's Roz, Ms. Spellman. She's really sick. She was at the carnival, and she went into a tent, and then something bad happened, something witchy. - At the carnival? - Yeah, it's a long story. But Ms. Spellman, Roz is freezing, and she won't stop shaking. - Will you come check on her? - Oh, my love, I would if I could. It's just, our powers, they're waning. I mean, the whole coven. We're in a bit of a tricky spot, actually. I was just about to go to the library because I have a hunch that... Okay, wait there. In the meantime, wrap Roz in this. It will keep her nice and warm. And when we're back up to speed here, Sabrina and I will come over, and we'll get Rosalind as right as rain. - Okay? - Thank you, Ms. Spellman. Of course. What was that? What was what? Well, it sounded like... Dorian, are you torturing someone in there? Not exactly torturing, no. Hang on! ♪ Mix it up ♪ ♪ Mix it up ♪ ♪ All night, all night ♪ Nick? Sabrina? - I can explain! - No. No explanation needed. It's pretty clear what's going on here. Sabrina! Dorian! That was blood for my coven! Do excuse me. I thought it might help with my complexion. I did save you some, though. I hope that's enough. Is everyone insane? Oh, you just missed her. What's the matter with you? You look as if you've seen the Holy Spirit. I don't want to talk about it, Aunt Zee... but I got it. I'm sorry, is that the angel's blood you've been talking about, Ambrose? It is. Though where is the rest of it? Dorian gorged himself on it. That is your grand plan? That is what is meant to save us? We were all supposed to drink it, but there was supposed to be more of it. - Maybe if we each take a sip? - No, that won't nearly be enough. - There might be if we use it another way. - What way is that, Auntie? Okay, I was remembering something that I did when I was a student at the Academy. I took a moon bath. What's a moon bath? So it's a ceremony that witches used to perform during the celebration of the Hare Moon. They would rub their bodies with oils and bathe in the moonlight. It was meant to be a symbolic rebirth. Light from the moon was meant to replenish us. But... if we take that angel's blood and we mix it with certain oils, and then we rub it into our bodies and bathe in the light of the Hare Moon... The symbolic could be literal. - Yeah. - It is law of occult science that celestial substances are activated by celestial bodies. The moonlight would activate the angel's blood, which in turn would allow our skin to actually absorb the energies of the moon. We might be saved. Oh. And I am still a part of this coven. As am I. This plan is nothing short of lunacy. Yes, it is lunacy, as in pertaining to the moon, lunar, lunacy. So be it. Picnic first and then this so-called moon bath. And don't break your arm patting yourself on your back, sister. You've still got work to do. Oh, right. Give me the blood, love, and I will start preparing the anointing oil. Thank you, Hilda. And thank you, Sabrina. If this works, the entire coven will be in your debt. Hey, I meant to tell you, sweet Harvey dropped by the house earlier looking for you. He's a bit worried about Roz. Says she has some sort of witchy fever. - Well, should I go check on her? - Oh, no. I mean, I said that we would, you know, once we got our powers squared away. - Add Nick to that list. - What's the matter with him now? He's been moody, and I think he's been drinking. And I just caught him cavorting with sex demons. I mean, he's a warlock of a certain age. Apparently, that goes with the territory. Of course, Nick has always been a bad boy, but this is different. I think something horrible happened to him while he was trapped with Lucifer. Worse than any of us could imagine. Oh, my darling. You have to have a talk with him... but... After the Hare Moon. I know. I need to keep it together for the sake of the coven. Well, look at you. - Very pretty. - Mm. Did you learn your song? ♪ And all shall fade ♪ ♪ The flowers of spring ♪ ♪ The world and all the sorrow ♪ ♪ At the heart of everything ♪ ♪ But still, it stays ♪ ♪ The butterfly sings ♪ ♪ And opens purple summer ♪ ♪ With the flutter of its wings ♪ ♪ The earth will wave with corn ♪ ♪ And mares will neigh ♪ ♪ With stallions that they mate ♪ ♪ Foals they've borne ♪ ♪ And all shall know ♪ ♪ The wonder of purple summer ♪ ♪ And yet I wait ♪ ♪ The swallow brings a song ♪ ♪ Too hard to follow ♪ ♪ That no one else can sing ♪ Aunties! We have to go right now! Wait, we can't. We just got started. Look who's here. Nick. What are you doing here? I wanted to be a part of this. No, you don't understand. What? Roz, maybe if you moved around, it would help you warm up. She can't! She can't move! This is nuts. I'm not sitting around waiting for Sabrina. We have to do something before it's too late! Harvey? Where are you going? Back to the carnival... to find out what the hell happened to Roz. Harvey! Forgive us. We did not mean to disturb your celebration. We have come in search of a place to celebrate as well. Celebrate what? Ostera. And what is it you are celebrating? The Hare Moon. Oh, I mean, we were just, um... well, we were just about to have a spot of lunch. We've got Nutella and bread and cheese and wine and cold cuts, if you all want to join us? Oh. Ah, this is exciting. - I've worked up quite an appetite. - Agreed. Let's dig in. Mistress Spellman, should we say a prayer of thanks to Lilith first? Lilith? You pray to Lilith and not your Dark Lord? No, Elspeth, no prayers are necessary. Whatever the case, I don't believe our guests pray to Lilith. - Do you? - No, we do not. Oh. We pray to... others. So, you all work at the carnival? The Phantasmagoria, yes. And Ostera. That's a version of Easter, isn't it? Our ways are little known in the outside world. And what of your rites, is it customary to fornicate on your holidays? What? Ah... I see. He shares his carnal embraces with others, but not you. You don't know anything about me. Well, she's not exactly wrong, is she, Nick? Your soul is shrouded in darkness, bloated. And you reek of sex. How long have you and your people been in Greendale? Generations. We're from the old country. The very old country. The old, old country. And your community, where do you hail from? - All the Earth is our home. - You're drifters then. My family and I, we follow many roads. So Greendale is just one of your many stops, and you'll be moving on soon? Perhaps... but there is something about the land here that makes one... wish to set down roots. It's so good to have a picnic out in the fresh air. Nothing beats that. Um... I wish that I got outdoors more, because my hobbies, they're more like indoor activities. You know, like knitting, and writing, and... - You're a weaver. - I'm a what? You weave fabrics and stories, do you not? Oh, never thought of it that way, a weaver. I'm a weaver. I really like that. Oh. Please don't hurt it. Of course I wouldn't hurt it. No. I'm going to take this little chap back home with me. I keep them as pets. You keep spiders as pets? Uh... yeah. Uh... They're very, very happy, though. They're not happy. How could you possibly know what a spider feels? So... Metamorfóste, sto ónoma tis Aráchnis. Circe, may I speak with you for a moment? They're heathens. They enslave animals, keep them as pets. Not pets, familiars. They're Satanic witches, but something is... - wrong with them. - They're weak. They smell of weakness. They're bloody pagan witches. What are pagans doing here though in our clearing? Causing havoc as pagans are wont to do. I thought they were gone from this part of the country, - honestly, the whole country. - Didn't pagan witches die out when... When Satanic witches ascended, yes. As when Christians came to power. They're probably some fringe group. Well, they can't just interrupt our moon bath. We have to, like, banish them. We don't have the strength - to confront them head-on. - What about rain? We could conjure a storm. That might get them to leave. Well, we must try something. Mystic forces we invite, fill the skies with clouds of night. Be ye far or be ye near, we summon rain to appear. Sky above, gone the sun, melodies just begun. Sky above, come undone, shower rain on everyone. Sky above, come undone, shower rain on everyone. Sky above, come undone, shower rain on everyone. Sky above, come undone, shower rain on everyone. Sky above, come undone, shower rain on everyone. Sky above, come undone, shower rain on everyone. Sky above... Bloody hell. We've finally hit rock bottom. We've lost it. We're too weak. Hey, Nick. Finally got you alone. Get lost, Dorcas. I'm not in the mood. Why are you so grumpy? I hear you've been having a lot of fun lately. De Sade and Salo? Did Sabrina tell you that? Please. You're not the only witch who parties with sex demons. You don't have to go to them for that. You can come to me. I can show you some serious splendor in the grass. Ahh! - Help me! - Dorcas, are you all right? - It bit me! - Is she hurt? Someone get me some moss. It hurts. Do something! And I'd like some wet mud if anyone could... A little bit of tree bark. What? That snake won't be hurting anyone else. Murderer! We are the guests in this place. It is the snake that lives here. It was its right to protect its territory. - We should leave. - Yes. Perhaps that's best. We were here first. No, we were here first, before the false god, before your Dark Lord. The old gods reigned, and we worshiped them. Now something has happened, it's clear, and our time has come around again. We apologize, please. Well, don't leave like this. He raised his hand. Roz. What do you have to say for yourself, Mr. Scratch? I killed a snake that bit one of our own. What's so wrong about that? They probably worship snakes, and you just murdered one. Pagans are not to be trifled with, especially not while we're without powers. Well, look, why don't we send an offering to make amends? Nicholas, would you like to give them my yummy moon pie? I'm not apologizing. I didn't do anything wrong. Nick, it's a gesture, if only to protect the coven. Well, I've done enough to protect this coven, haven't I? Nick? I detest teen angst. Dorcas, you were at the center of this brouhaha. Will you take the offering to the pagans? Sure. Whatever. Oh, Melvin and Agatha will go with you. I'm a big girl. I can deliver a pie by myself. Agatha, follow her, please. Make sure she doesn't foul this up. Nicholas. Stop. Hey, stop! Stop! What? - We have to talk about this. - Which part? How about the part where you got drunk and cheated on me with sex demons? Of course you'd find some way to make my suffering about you. - It's always about you, isn't it, Sabrina? - I just want to know what's wrong so I can help you. You heard the pagan. I'm dirty, polluted. No, Nick. You've been through trauma, that's all. - That's all? - Look... I know you're drinking and doing drugs and letting sex demons whip you, so you don't have to deal with whatever happened, but what happened down there? Please tell me. Down there? You can say it, Sabrina. Hell. I went to Hell. I took the Dark Lord inside me. I was stripped naked and put in chains by Lilith, tortured on the inside, humiliated and debased on the outside for weeks. That felt like decades. And there was no reprieve, no respite, not for one lousy second. It was... It was a catalog of violation. I had no control over my body or my fate. I was a punching bag for Lucifer and a plaything for Lilith. I wrestled your father for dominance, and it was exhausting. I didn't sleep, not once. It was a place of no rest, no peace, just... just pain, and hurt and burning and freezing. All to protect you, and this world that you care so much about. - Nick, I am so sorry. - Sorry? Sabrina, you didn't forget my birthday or show up late to the movies. You let me sacrifice myself for you, and you... you weren't worth it. - You're upset. - Yeah, you think? As for the sex demons, Sabrina, well, it's not like I get that kind of comfort from you. Because deep, deep down, you know you're saving yourself for someone else, - and we both know who. - That's not fair, and that's not true. You don't know what you're saying. But please, let me help you. Help me? I don't want anything from you. Every time I look at you, all I see is your father. He's everywhere. He's what I see when I close my eyes and when I open them. And I swear, if I could beat him out of me, I would. But I can't. So I'll do the next best thing. Who's there? Hello? Agatha, if this is a joke, you're dead. Your sister is detained. Who? Who are you? Ah! Welcome back. Couldn't stay away, could you? I'm done with this... and with you. Only one of us is leaving this cell alive tonight. Oh, that's fine. But before we get started, may I bestow upon you a most delicious gift? Red mercury. Best rush of your life, to die for. Dragon's tears. You go up, but you never come down. I'll give you both if you do me one... tiny favor. Cousin, are you all right? Yeah, I'm fine. Let's just do this. Okay, my darlings. So they are all applying the sacred oil. The moon's full. I think we should get started. - Can't we wait for my sisters? - They'll join in when they return. All right, Hilda, what do we do? Okay, cover any exposed skin with the oils, and lie down with everyone else. Coven... sisters, brothers, as you know, tonight we honor the Hare Moon, for the Hare Moon is special. It's the nexus point of all the magical calendars where witches celebrate renewal. And tonight, tonight, your Hare Moon is full once again. And its light shines on you, and you drink it in and claim your power and feel it. Feel it on your skin. Mother moon, in the fullest of your form, we ask that you bless us with your gifts, your energies. As you ripen like a babe in the belly, make us whole again, make our magicks multiply in the spirit of the hare. We offer you our bodies, anointed in celestial essence, that we may become vessels of your energies. Everyone seal the circle. I can feel it. It's... it's like goosebumps. I feel tingly all over. I am as well! It's funny, isn't it? Like pins and needles. Like your foot fell asleep, and it's just woken up again. Well, at least something's gone right today. They've lost their Dark Lord. Now let us take away their Hare Moon. Hail, Selene, attend now our tune. Darken your daughter, our night lamp, the moon. Piece by piece, and slice by slice. As they go down, let the moon be consumed. Wait. Wait! What's happening to the moon? An eclipse? That's impossible. It would have been in the almanac. Oh, no. Someone's swallowing the moon. I believe you're right, sister, and I believe I know who's doing it. It's those blessed pagans. - They're attacking us. - Auntie, what should we do? The moon bath won't work under an eclipsed moon. Gather your things, students, and make haste. The pagan witches mean to do us harm. We're exposed here. We need to get back to the Academy, all of us. - I have to find Nick. - I need to find my sisters! All of us, I said. Then when we're secure behind our walls, we can plot our counter-attack. But no one is to go off alone tonight. We are in the gravest of danger. Theo... what happened? Get the beds ready. We'll all sleep in here tonight. It'll be much safer if we're all together. Sister Spellman... they're outside. Witches of night, your time is over. The old gods are returning. The old ways, the blood ways, are coming back. Bow and pray to our gods, or your blood will be used to water the sacred earth. You have three days to decide. Sisters? Sisters, come to us! We have no choice. The pagans are a clear and present danger, and we are without strength. As dangerous as it will be, we must free the Dark Lord. Better the Devil you know than the pagans you don't. He will be angry at us, and there will be hell to pay, but he'll crush the pagans under his hoof. I'll go down. He's my father. If anyone can sweet talk him, it's me. All right, Dad. It's just you and me now. Nick? Nick? Nick! Nick, can you hear me? Nick, wake up! Nick! Greg, move your head! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 