Chilling Adventures of Sabrina: Season 3, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chilling Adventures of Sabrina 
 s3e8 - Chapter Twenty-Eight: Sabrina Is Legend - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chilling Adventures of Sabrina (2018–…): Season 3, Episode 8 - Chapter Twenty-Eight: Sabrina Is Legend - full transcript 
 The lines between past, present and future blur as Sabrina stages an act of heroic restoration. But will her powers prove to be enough? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On the first day, the House of Morningstar fell. On the third day, the newly crowned King of Hell, Caliban, led the Infernal Armies on a crusade to claim the Earth as the Tenth Circle. He failed. On the fourth day, the pagans beat back Caliban and his armies. The Earth was theirs. On the 7th day, Hell was emptied by an army of celestials. But what of Sabrina Morningstar? She was where Caliban had left her, entombed in stone between her father and Lilith. How much time had passed? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Decades, in fact. She wondered dimly, who would come save her? Would it be Nicholas or Harvey or Rosalind or her aunties? She didn't know they'd all died long ago. And that in the end, the only person who could save Sabrina was herself. Sabrina, you can hear me. You can open your eyes. Do you know how I know that? Because you already did it once before. You just need a little help waking up. Et aperi oculos tuos. Welcome back. Now we switch places. Nostra versa loca. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, my gosh. You're me! How can you be me, and how did you save me? I haven't, not yet. But at least now you have a chance to save yourself and everyone else. Go, collect the Unholy Regalia and take back Greendale from the pagans. Take back? What do you mean? What happened? There's no time. Get the Regalia, save Greendale. And when you're done, it will be your turn. My turn to what? To be me. To do this. I'm you, Sabrina. Future you. Doesn't that mean you already know what happens or happened? I know one version of it, but I can't say anymore without risking a timeline catastrophe. Just remember, when you're done with everything you have to come back to right here, right now, and do what I just did to complete the time loop. It's the only way to keep the realms preserved. If you don't, it could be chaos. I feel like I say this all the time, but I've never meant it more: I don't understand. Do you remember that old movie Ambrose loves, Back to the Future? It's just like that, but with magic. Just go with it. We shouldn't be talking. Even crossing paths is risky. Luckily, the Ninth Circle of Hell exists in... its... own... time... pocket. The Regalia. Secret window, secret door, open wide, and show me more. Do not disturb my beloved! Oh, no. Herod, what are you doing here? We are guardians, protecting our treasures. This is Hell. You shouldn't be here. Hell is empty, angel-witch, and all the devils are gone. Boys, take it easy! Update: I have more power than I did before. And empty or not, Hell is my domain. You should not be threatening me here. What happened here? Do you know? Hell was invaded by the archangel Michael, who defeated the Clay King. The Clay King? Is that Caliban? Yes. He's dead. Pandemonium was sacked, but the Unholy Regalia remained hidden. So we came. What about Caliban's plan to expand Hell into the mortal realm? He tried, but was beaten back by the pagans of Earth. The pagans of Earth? Right, okay, I have to get to Earth. I am walking out of here with the Regalia, and you can either step aside or be cut down. It's your choice. Hello? Prudence? The embalming room. Mambo. Aunt Zee. No. No. Aunt Hilda. Maybe... Aunties, I'm so sorry. I wasn't there for you... when you needed me most. I'm so sorry. Spellman. Hello? Hello? Claudat ostia. Aperti ianuam. What are you guys doing here? Where the Regalia goes, we follow. Wait here. The pagans. The carnival. No. Don't say a word. Come with me. I'm assuming they're with you? I don't understand, how has it been years since I left Greendale? Decades, cousin. Time and suffering, no doubt, operate under different rules in the Ninth Circle. It hardly matters now. It's done. But it matters to me what happened to the rest of the coven and the mortals. They're dead, Sabrina. Everyone is dead and gone. They're trapped in flesh factories by those plant-like creatures. Their blood is harvested to water the Green Man. Sabrina, the pagans won. The Earth is once more a garden of horrors. And this is the only safe place left. Why the Kinkle mines? I managed to fortify the entrance using a binding spell to keep the pagans away. How have you survived all this time alone? I'm not going to lie, I went a bit mad for a while, a decade or two. The books have been my salvation. I've read, well... I've read everything. Please tell me in all your readings, you came across something that could help us, some way for us to fix things. Fix things? Sabrina, you missed the end of the world. Our aunties are dead. Prudence is dead. She died in my arms. And with her dying breath she... she begged me... to abandon her, to run away. Stop him. I can't. I can't leave you. And why? So that I could grab this. Father Blackwood's time egg, and hide it from him. Ambrose, I'm so, so sorry. Where were you? You should have been with us. With your family. You were the one who told me to stay in Hell and fight to win the Unholy Regalia. Did you... did you win, at least? Yeah, I got them, the three items, but... what does it matter if the battle's over, if we already lost and there's no hope of... Wait a minute. Of course. That's how it was me. Ambrose, can the egg's magicks be used to send someone backwards through time? Perhaps, but the level of magical energies required to do that... Would be equal to those imbued in the items of the Unholy Regalia? No, no, that would never work. - That's too dangerous! - It will work. It did work. Don't ask me how I know. Just trust me. We can do this. You and me, the last Spellmans. We could stop the pagans, save our aunties, save all of Greendale. We have to! We'd have to re-purpose the Unholy Regalia. That is, if... if they're all right with that. Of course, they know. This is what they've been guarding the Regalia for, to be used in this exact way at this precise moment in time. You feel that in your bones, don't you? Okay, then. Then we need to... we need to smelt down those items into a weapon of sorts. - What kind of weapon? - Ironically enough... a morning star, a medieval spiked ball and chain that you'll use to gather the egg's magical energies into a vortex. We just need a sacred place to do this, like... like... um... Oh, sweet Satan, like the stone circle at the Academy. Right, okay, so what's the problem? Well, the Academy is where Blackwood now holds court, driven mad and feral by his insane worship of those eldritch terrors he prays to. And even with your infernal guardsmen, Blackwood bears the mark of Cain, which means he is unkillable. Then we won't even try to kill him. Get it all ready, Ambrose. I just have to go grab something back at the house... from the kitchen. Long time no see, old friend. How'd it go? I got her. How about you? How did the smelting go? One morning star hot off the forge. Ambrose, why isn't this place overgrown? Well, long ago, the hedge witch Pesta poisoned the earth so that nothing green could grow here. I'll go in first. Blackwood? Show yourself, coward. - Blackwood! - Shh! There's no need to shout. I'm right here. Miss Spellman, you must have come to offer yourself to the Void. Oh, yes, that must be it, the Void... and the other eldritch terrors. I've brought them an offering. Oh, you have? Oh, they like offerings. Oh, my. Yes, they do. Crap. Spare me your feeble witchery. Brother Ambrose, is that the best you can muster? I shall delight in dismembering you slowly. But first, behold. No! What a creepy, proud smile he has. What do you reckon he's dreaming about? Whatever it is, he'd better enjoy it because he's going to be trapped there for all eternity. He won't be smiling for long. A deal's a deal, Batibat. Freedom in return for leaving us Spellmans alone. All right, cousin, time to get to work. What was that? Plant zombies. We must begin. Once you start the incantation and the ritual begins, we cannot stop, not for anything. Do you understand? No matter what. I'll get them back, Ambrose. I promise. I'll make it right. I'll get them all back. Dei tempus, sit nobis reddere, iter recipere, ut heri. Dei tempus, sit nobis reddere, iter recipere, ut heri. Dei tempus, sit nobis reddere, iter recipere, ut heri. Dei tempus, sit nobis reddere, iter recipere, ut heri. Dei tempus, sit nobis reddere, iter recipere, ut heri. Dei tempus, sit nobis reddere... Keep going! ...iter recipere, ut heri. Dei tempus, sit nobis reddere, iter recipere, ut heri. Dei tempus, sit nobis reddere, iter recipere, ut heri. Go! Dei tempus, sit nobis reddere, iter recipere, ut heri. Dei tempus, sit nobis reddere, iter recipere, ut heri. Dei tempus, sit nobis reddere, iter recipere, ut heri. When... When am I? It's not here! We've searched every room in the Academy, and my prize is not within these walls. The house. It must be at the Spellman house. And if the Spellmans are there too, Father? We'll kill them and drink their blood, of course. Lanuae magicae. As long as these candles are burning, your zansèt... Guys! - We have to go right now. - Cousin, what are you doing here? - Why aren't you on your quest? - I was, I am, but this is more important. Listen to me. Blackwood is coming here right now to kill you all. We have to leave right now before he gets here. It will be unwise to move Zelda in the condition that she is in. If we don't move her, she will die. - You'll all die. - How do you know that? I'll explain everything later. But, please, right now you have to trust me. All right, cousin. All right. Find and kill any Spellman who's in this house. In the meantime, I shall be hunting down what is mine, by right! Prudence, Blackwood's sealed the hedge witches in the Desecrated Church. If you bring them here, their strength - might be able to bolster Aunt Zee's. - Absolutely. No, no, no. What about Father Blackwood? He'll have left the Desecrated Church. He's probably at our house by now. You have to tell us, how do you know all of these things? I can't, and I have to find my friends before the pagans kill them. I'll be back soon, I promise. Lanuae magicae. Guys, you're okay. It's not too late. - What do you mean too late? - The pagans are coming. - You have to come with me now. - Okay, I don't understand. I saw you walk through a portal at Dorian's to beat Caliban. You were right, Nick. I let everything in Hell pull me away from what really matters: my family, my friends, everything I love. But not anymore. Any sign of life yet? I have it! I have the answer. I know how the coven can regain its power and defeat the pagans. - Where am I? - Oh, Aunt Zee. You're alive! Oh, thank... whoever we're thanking these days. Aunt Zelda, you're in Dorian's Gray Room. We're all safe here, for now. Where's Hilda? She never resurrects from the Cain Pit, Auntie. What? I mean, she hasn't resurrected from the Cain Pit yet. I'm afraid Aunt Hilda is gone. Impossible. I left her not one moment ago in the Nether Realm. I saw the future, and Hilda lives to be an old crone. If she hasn't resurrected on her own, then I'll use what I learned in the next life to drag her back into this one. Today we will rip our sister Hilda back from the clutches of death himself. Now, who amongst you will return to the Spellman house with me to do the deed? It is said that whenever you call on the Triple Goddess, she comes to you. As much as I ignored her, put my faith in lesser gods, signed my name in other books, she still came to me when I needed her most. When I wandered, lost in the Nether Realm, it was she who led me back to the material world. We call you, Hecate. We call on you now, maiden, in your unbounded potential. We call on you, mother, in all your divine power. We call on you, crone, in your arcane wisdom. We are descended of all maidens, mothers, and crones. And so, when we call on the three-in-one, we call on all witches stretching back from the beginning of time to the end of days. We call on... ourselves, the powers that have been denied us. Imbue us with them, Hecate, and we shall pray to you morning, noon, and night. And we shall live to honor thy three faces, thy three forms. Dark mother, keeper of the key to the door between worlds, we... summon thee. Return our sister Hilda to the realm of the living, and we will never forget you again! Hilda? Hildy? Hildy, are you there? Hildy. So, what have I missed? A lot, Aunt Hilda. The pagans still need to be stopped. Oh, bloody pagans. What trouble are they causing now? Uh, they're planning on implanting everyone in town - with the Green Man's seed. - How? By getting them to eat free caramel apples - at the carnival. - Yes, and then the Green Man will pollinate everyone who's been seeded. So we still need to stop everyone from going to the carnival and getting seeded. How can we do that? Oh, well, we could sing them a lovely lullaby. Right, if we can get the entire town to fall asleep using an enchanted lullaby, then all our problems are solved. No, even without a crowd of mortals, the pagans will eat the apples, and they'll offer themselves up, and it will all still happen. As long as they have their virgin. Right, but they didn't get Harvey. They marked three virgins: Harvey, Theo, and a teacher from Baxter High. Ms. Wardwell? - That bitch shot me. - Yes! I'd nearly forgotten amidst all this insanity, but it was her. Oh, now a tiny bit of me wants the pagans to have her. - We couldn't do that. Could we do that? - We could do that. I'm sure there's a logical explanation for why Ms. Wardwell shot you, Aunt Zee. But right now, we need her for the next part of our plan. We have a plan? Always. You guys put the town to sleep with a lullaby. I'll track down Ms. Wardwell, and then what do you say we stop the apocalypse? Again. ♪ Tender shepherd, tender shepherd ♪ ♪ Let me help you count your sheep ♪ ♪ One in the meadow, two in the garden ♪ ♪ Three in the nursery fast asleep ♪ ♪ One in the meadow, two in the garden ♪ ♪ Three in the nursery fast asleep ♪ Where are all the people? We told them free admission, free rides, free caramel apples. It isn't even sunset yet. No.Something is wrong. I can feel it. We do not even have a virgin to sacrifice. Yes, you do. One of the original three. Robin Goodfellow. You betrayed us. Wasn't it my mission to infiltrate the school? And find us a virgin? Doesn't she please you, Father? Or... should we keep the Green Man waiting? Not one minute more. Let us begin. Children... our hour is at hand. Who is ready to receive the green one? Let him rise up and restore the garden of old for all his pagan brood. Neallta fola. Siuil linn a duine uaine. Neallta fola. Siuil linn a duine uaine. Stop! Neallta fola. You heathens, stop! It is the Lord that has laid waste to your fields. It is he who has made them bare! ♪ This virgin's blood is your bounty ♪ Neallta fola. ♪ Her virgin's flesh for your seed ♪ Arise, green one. Arise and take back the Earth. And now, the great flowering and pollination begins! Neallta fola. Siuil linn a duine uaine... Neallta fola. Siuil linn... No, this cannot be. Who? Who did you bring us, Robin? That's Pesta, the witch of disease. She's good with decay and rot. You and your devilment. What have you done? Clear your mind, clear your heart, let these painful thoughts depart. There, that will keep you out of our way, Ms. Wardwell. And when you wake up, you'll have no memory of the Spellmans being witches. I killed your pathetic plant god. Now I think it's time you and your carnival left Greendale. Retreat, my brothers and sisters. Greendale is poisoned. We will go and start again. Coven, do not stop until every last pagan is driven from our home. Harvey, wait, that's the gorgon's tent. I should be the one going in to slay her. What? No. Last time I let you go inside alone, she turned you to stone. No, but I can keep my eyes closed. I can use the cunning to see. Roz, trust me, I can do this. I'm going in alone. I've seen Clash of Titans. If it worked for Perseus, it will work for me. Foolish virgin boy. You should not have come for me alone. He didn't. Roz... you just saved my life. That's so freaking hot. What now? Let's find a bag for her head. We may need it someday. Hey, darling. You going somewhere? It's just that I was remembering the day that we first met. You were so complimentary about my talents as, um... well... What do you call it? Oh, yeah... a weaver. Hup! Before you toddle off, I just wanted to show you some of my other talents. All right, my love? Ah. Satan's serviles, spreading the Dark Lord's only gifts: death and destruction. You may have killed our Green Man, but I am the great god Pan. And my gaze is madness incarnate, or had you forgotten? You know... we hadn't. Prudence! And so Greendale is saved once again. And tomorrow morning the town will wake nice and rested. And none the wiser, sister. Thank you, Sabrina. When the coven and your family needed you the most, you were there. It was nothing, Aunt Zee. It was never a question. I suppose you'll be running off back to Hell to finish the third and final challenge, cousin? I did. It's done. I handled it. I won the Unholy Regalia and the throne. But you're right. I do have to go back to Hell to finish my business there. What? When will you be back? I'm not so sure, Auntie. Queen of Hell is not the life we hoped for you, Sabrina. Me neither. But it's my destiny. Oh, don't cry, Aunties. Oh, who's crying? I bloody am. It's okay. It's not the end. It's not like you'll never see me again. But right now, I've got to go. There's a promise I have to keep. Sabrina, stop. Whatever you do, don't give them that silver. What? Why? Who are you? I'm you, and I've had a very long day, so bear with me. That's not Judas in the wall. It's Caliban in a glamour. And the second you hand him that silver he'll win everything and trap you down here forever. But how do you know that? Because it already happened to me. I know, it's complicated. How did you escape? A friend helped me out, and I was supposed to do the same thing for her to keep the time loop going, but I changed my mind because I realized something. What? I can meet you here in this moment in time, before there's even a time loop, to when there's two of us, free. Well, shouldn't we merge or something? Ambrose would say so, yes, but I have a supes crazy idea. I think I just had the same one. After everything I've been through, what I saw happen to my family and friends, I wanna go home to be with them. But you... you just won the Unholy Regalia. You still want the throne and to be Queen. I kind of do. Is that weird? No. It's perfect, because I want to be a teenager. So, what do you say we do both? Judas, I have your pieces of silver. Did you get them all? Yes, I counted them. Let me feel the weight of them in my hands one last time. Nice try, Caliban. But I'm not an idiot, you're wearing a glamour, and I won't be making the same mistake twice. How can this be? How did you know? Because I'm one step ahead of you and twice the monarch you could ever be. The challenge has been won. The final item of the Unholy Regalia is mine. And Prince Caliban is stone-cold dead. Congratulations, daughter. You bring honor to our house. It is time, once again, for your coronation. Are you at last ready? I am ready, Father, to be married to Hell. Lilith, in your last act as regent, will you prepare our young queen? This is the story of how the world ended, and then did not, saved by the witch who would be Queen. And as she prepared for the throne, all across the realms, things returned to their natural balance. Robin, are you really going to stay in Greendale? Why would I leave? Okay. You are the glory and pride of Satan. The face of the Hell-bound hordes. I love you, Rosalind. That's my truth. I love you too, Harvey Kinkle. Strike down your enemies by tooth and by claw, and bathe your skin in their blood. We brought Dr. Cee's, um, cocoon from the store. He's downstairs ready for you, if you want to say goodbye. Dr. Cee? Hilda. I thought... I thought I murdered you! Oh, well, nearly, but not quite, my love. Whoo! I must have been saving you to eat later, hey? Oh, here's hoping. Every queen must be made battle-ready. Every girl must prepare for war. Prudence, what is it? What's the matter? We, uh... we found Dorcas butchered in a cupboard at the Academy, Ambrose. By Agatha's hand, no doubt. Oh, no. You know, I can't help but to think that... if I had killed Blackwood in Scotland when I had the chance, all this calamity could have been avoided. But you wouldn't let me, would you? I am so sorry. As am I. Gird your loins, let nothing touch you, let no man hold power over you. What are you now, if not the Church of Night? The Order of Hecate, worshiping the three-in-one. Zelda... there's an even darker force on the horizon, I fear. A sense of sa ki mal lingers in the air. We must harness your coven's maternal pouvoir for protection, and prepare them for war. Am I to take it that means you'll be staying on? Only if I am welcome, ma chérie. And when they cry out for mercy, the Morningstar must show them none. What are you so sad about? Didn't you hear we won? Yes, but not everyone survived, Nicholas. I'm sorry, Nicky. It's just without my sisters, I've just never felt so... Alone. Same. Your crown and throne await you. First Lady of Pandemonium, maiden of shadows. Behold the Queen... Sabrina Morningstar. Well, I'll get started on something. Let's... I mean, let's have a lovely family dinner, favorite dishes only? It won't be the same without Sabrina, will it? Aunt Zee, do you really think I'd miss a family dinner? Sabrina, what are you doing here? What about your responsibilities in Hell? Your destiny? I changed my mind. Who wants to deal with all that meshugas? I thought you did. You certainly tried hard enough to win the throne. A part of me did want to be Queen, but another part of me thought, "I'm a teenager." I want to be a teenager here in Greendale at Baxter High and the Academy. Oh, besides, all our business with Hell is done. It's not like we'll be crossing paths with those guys again, right? Oh, Lucifer, Lilith, Caliban, who needs them? Yeah, good point. I'm going to go wash up for dinner. Cousin... you've been lying about something. I just don't know what. I'm not sure what you mean. You've been acting strangely lately, saying things, knowing things that you couldn't know. Even amidst of all this insanity, you are the one thing that feels truly off to me. I don't think you gave up the throne at all, did you? I wasn't lying, I'm not the Queen of Hell... ...but also... I am. Well, what have you gone and done now? Shouldn't we merge or something? Ambrose would say so, yes, but I have a supes crazy idea. I think I just had the same one. That shouldn't even be possible. If you never fulfilled your role and freed yourself in the first place, the fact that there are two of you... You have created a time paradox. Cool. No, not cool, not at all. No, the ramifications of this are horrifying at best. But it worked. She's her, I'm me. We both got what we wanted. Don't you see? This solves everything. I can finally be a Spellman and a Morningstar. What happens when the aunties find out - there are two of you? - Aunties have never been to Hell, so there's zero chance of that happening. What happens when the Dark Lord discovers? He's such a narcissist, he won't even notice. Lilith notices everything! Lilith could be a problem, yep. Right, cousin, so, um... just so I'm clear, you're saying that there are two of you. So, if you're here, then that means she's... I must say, that was delicious, Hilda. Well, thank you. So nice to have things back to normal again. Not that they'll stay that way for long in Greendale. Just you wait. Everything has consequences, and there are always loose ends. Have a little faith, Ambrose. Sometimes the cosmos just sorts itself out. Does anyone have room for pie? - Yes. - Yes. Yes, yes, yes. And one of those delicious potatoes. Come, children, under the starry abyss of night, we shall commit our atrocity. Agatha, the egg. I call upon the eldritch terrors in the name of the Void. Hear the birth cries of this abomination and tear through the skin of reality. I am your vessel. I am your priest. Father... what have we birthed? The beginning of the end, Agatha. The end of the Spellmans. The end of all things. Greg, move your head! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 