Chilling Adventures of Sabrina: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chilling Adventures of Sabrina 
 s4e1 - Chapter Twenty-Nine: The Eldritch Dark - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chilling Adventures of Sabrina (2018–…): Season 4, Episode 1 - Chapter Twenty-Nine: The Eldritch Dark - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It's time. The first of the eldritch terrors is upon us. And the prophet said, "Let there be darkness across the land." Hey, I used to work at the mine too. Argh! Hey... any of you fellas got something to drink? Now, come on. One of you must. I mean, for Old Gus. Hmm? ♪ It's the time of the season ♪ ♪ When love runs high ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ In this time, give it to me easy ♪ ♪ And let me try with pleasured hands ♪ ♪ To show you every one ♪ ♪ It's the time of the season for loving ♪ Where are the aunties? Zelda is at the Academy... ...and Auntie Hilda is at Dr. Cerberus's. Huh. What are you reading? Re-reading the existentialists. Camus, Sartre, Kierkegaard. They're showing The Evil Dead trilogy at the Paramount tonight. Wanna go? No.Far too many people. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And as Sartre wrote, "Hell is other people." Unless it's just... Hell. What about going with your mortal friends? Already going... on a double date. Oh, buck up, Cousin. Being single is not the end of the world. In fact, I'm quite enjoying my time on my own. Now, on that note, I'll be off. Ta-ra! You'll never leave me, will you, Salem? Thank you, Salem. That's super weird, Harvey. What's super weird? Uh, a homeless guy who hung out by the mines died last night. Oh no! Was he murdered? No, no, no, nothing like that. Honestly, guys, it's kind of a bummer. Can we change the subject? Sure. We can talk about the fact that Baxter High doesn't have any sex education classes. - Come again? - I know. Crazy, right? And I called around. Every single other high school in the state has them, except for us. And get this. At Riverdale, they have condom machines in the bathroom. Did... did I miss something? If this whole pagan debacle taught us anything, it's that teenagers are having sex. It's real. So it's important that we are taught how to have sex safely and responsibly. Mm-hmm. Do you agree, Sabrina? Yeah. Yes, in theory. Which is why WICCA is circulating a petition and collecting signatures. Will you sign it? Sure. You guys, I've been thinking. It's been a while since the Fright Club had any kind of meeting. Why would we? I mean, there haven't been any monsters to fight. Well, yeah, but even as a band. Yeah, we're not really a band anymore. Roz and I, we're... we're making our own music now. They're like the John Lennon and Yoko Ono of Baxter High. Oh. You know, Robin, you're pretty funny for a hobgoblin. Hey. Hey, stop that! Hey now, friend. What are you doing? Hey, Sabrina. Hi, Billy. So I was wondering if you would maybe consider going out with my boy Carl. Why isn't Carl asking me out himself? 'Cause he's shy, you know... ...inexperienced. Tell Carl if he wants to ask me out, he has to do it himself. Hi, Ms. Wardwell. Clear your mind, clear your heart, let these painful thoughts depart. When you wake up, you'll have no memory of the Spellmans being witches. It is no secret that this coven has a dark history, but when we reached the Great Crossroads, our many-named, triple-voiced Hecate was waiting there for us. Dark Mother, Guide, Guardian, Gatekeeper, Maiden, Mother, Crone. Today, we, the Order of Hecate, rededicate this Academy... to your worship. And to further honor our Dark Mother, each year, we will name a Maiden, Mother, and Crone to embody and exalt her three forms. The Crone is the keeper of mysteries and arcane wisdom. Though I am far... ...far too young for the title, I will be this year's designated Crone. Next is our Mother. She can create life and withstand the terrible pain of childbirth. This year, our Mother will be embodied by... Hilda. And last, but certainly not least, we must select our Maiden. Our Maiden represents curiosity, pursuit of knowledge, and boundless potential. Our Maiden for this year will be... Prudence. Melvin, have you seen Ambrose? He's in the reading room, but I was actually looking for you, Sabrina. I was wondering, since Nick and Prudence are hanging out now, do you wanna go out sometime... with me? Melvin, you're a great guy, and I am flattered, but I don't think I'm ready to get into another relationship right now. It was just a date, Sabrina, but that's okay. No worries. See you around. What can I do for you, Coz? - I wanted to float an idea by you. - Mm? I was thinking I could maybe possibly... go to Hell and visit Sabrina Morningstar. Why, for all that is unholy, would you want to do that? I've been thinking about her a lot lately, what her life is like. It's a life I could have had. I could see if she needs help, you know, being queen. We have been over this already. Okay, uh... It is bad enough for the state of reality that there are two Sabrinas existing simultaneously. Anytime the two of you come into direct contact could precipitate a cataclysm. An alternate timeline could blink into existence next to our own, or even worse, on top of it. That hypothetical alternate timeline could attempt to dominate our own, which could result in a crisis that could snuff both timelines out of existence completely. And that's obviously bad... ...but we aren't sure that would happen. No. N-O. It's too risky, Sabrina. Whatever curiosities you have about Sabrina Morningstar, put them to bed. No good will come of you seeing or talking to her. You chose this life... and this realm. What if I chose wrong? Well, there's... there's nothing to be done other than to make your peace with it. To a successful first day... you old crone. Do you really think I'm a crone? Would I do this... if I thought... you were a crone? Good afternoon, ma'am. How can I help you? I'm Sister Julia, wife of Good Reverend Lovecraft. We've just raised our church, the Pilgrims of the Night Church, and I'm going door to door spreading the news. We would love it if you came to visit us soon. No, thank you, but, um... I don't need a new church. Sister, do you know fear? How do you mean? Anxiety, loneliness, the darkness. I mean, these are frightening times, aren't they? There's a pervading dread in the air. The Pilgrims of the Night Church could offer you comfort, perhaps. Come. Visit us. We only wanna help you. Hey, love. I didn't know you were home. School's done for the day, Auntie, both of them. Well, isn't this usually your fun time with your friends? How are your friends? They're fine. I just... I just feel like I was gone chasing a queenship, and now... Well, everyone's moved on without me. Well, that can't be right. What about the Fright Club? There is no more Fright Club. We don't have a reason to hang out anymore. I have an idea. It's quite naughty, also a teensy abuse of your magical gifts. But what if you gave the Fright Club a reason to get back together? You know, like, a scary one? Aunt Hilda, you're a genius. I am a genius. Thank you. And I think I can still catch them at school. Yay! Get back to your laundry then. I mean, did you have to tell Sabrina I was inexperienced? I thought she'd like that. Yes, Salem, you should win an Oscar. Whoa! Billy, man, what's up? There's a bloody ghost in the boys' bathroom! She's scary as shit! Fright Club emergency! What's up, guys? ...and then, apparently, she tried to kill Billy. She was covered in blood? That's what Billy said. Yeah. Sounds like Bloody Mary. Who? A vengeful spirit. She usually turns up when amateurs practice divination. Brina, we gotta do something. It would have to be a group effort. We're down for that. First, we summon her spirit. How, how do we do that? We wait for midnight, and then we stand in front of a mirror. Then we invoke her name three times. That'll make her materialize. And then we smash all the mirrors so she can't escape into one, and then... I banish her. Cool. What are we gonna do until midnight? Milkshakes at Cerberus? If any good pilgrim should walk through the night, he may stumble... because the light is not within him. And there will be no light, no hope, no dawn... for those who do not believe. For the great and terrible darkness is coming once more. And I ask you, neighbors, when the darkness comes, what will protect us... from that eternal night? What will shield us? The light. No, sister. The light cannot save you, cannot save us now. When darkness blankets the Earth, and all you hear are the souls of the tormented begging for mercy, remember these words: Do not fight the darkness. Embrace it. Welcome it. For only then will you be saved. Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary. Huh. Billy Marlin's full of sh... Shit! Break the mirrors! Now! Sorry, Bloody Mary, but there are no mirrors in here. This place and these mortals are under my protection, Bloody Mary, and so I banish you. How was that? That was... amazing! Here's the thing though. Ghosts often manifest in a pack. If one shows up, usually, others follow. Well, if they do, Fright Club will be ready for 'em. Zelds, made you a bit of din-dins. Oh, you're a goddess-send, Sister. Who knew reforming a curriculum would yield so much paperwork? I, um... I did make a bit extra, you know, in case Mambo was around. Is she around? Is there something you want to ask me, Sister? Not at all. Nothing. You have been spending quite a few nights at the Academy. Working late. There's always some problem to quash. Directrix Spellman, come quickly. There's a terrible darkness in the dormitory. See, Sister? They'd be lost without me. Oh. - Keep that plate warm, won't you? - Uh… What in the underworld? Who are you? Declare yourself! How did you get in here? Hear me. This Academy is sealed against malevolences, so I ask you again, who are you? Speak! You project strength so no one sees how weak you truly are. Marie is only using you to get close to power. Marie isn't attracted to you. She doesn't even like you. No one likes you, let alone loves you. You are a crone. - You will always be a withered crone. - No, stop it. - You'll never have a child. - Stop it. Never. Sabrina doesn't think of you as a mother. - Sabrina hates you. - Stop! That's enough! Stop! Right, you... Stop! You're a very big bully. Nasty little piece of work. Let's have a look at you. Why is it that bullies always hide behind masks? Wh... You all right, love? I... I'm not sure. What do you think it was, Auntie? If I had to hazard a guess, I'd say it was a spectral miner. Some poor soul who perished in the mines and is back to cause trouble. It was odd though. What was? It was as if the miner somehow knew my thoughts, my fears, and was projecting them back at me. Well, the miner I saw at the edge of the woods made the mortuary sign burn out. I saw a miner on the train tracks by the Academy. He was swinging a pickax at lampposts. It seems we may have more than one vengeful spirit on our hands. Ambrose, do some research. Find out if we're nearing the anniversary of any mining disasters. Spellman Sisters' Mortuary. Can I assist you? Oh. Oh dear. Okay. Yeah. Well, we'll be here. Bye. Right. Uh, your research will have to wait. That was the coroner's office. They're bringing in three bodies, all vagrants, all died in mysterious circumstances. Roz, what is it? What's wrong? Brina, we need to talk about what happened last night. About Bloody Mary, you mean? Sabrina, I know it was you... and Salem. That you faked the whole thing. I saw everything with my cunning. Why would you do that? I guess... I guess I was scared... of losing you guys... you, and Harvey, and Theo, the Fright Club. It just feels like lately there's been a distance between us. Yeah. I felt that too. And you're okay with that? Brina, I think what's happening is... we're changing. I didn't. I'm not. Brina, all you've done is change… especially since your 16th birthday. I mean, you got to explore being a witch... and then being the queen of Hell. I mean, if anything, it's us that got left behind. Do you really think that? Sabrina, we will always be friends, whether we're near or far. You don't have to make up reasons for us to hang out. You just have to ask. Yeah, of course. Fine. I totally get it. Okay. So I'll see you in class then? So, Salem, we have one man with his bones crushed to powder, another dead from carbon monoxide poisoning, and one seemingly starved to death. This all seems dimly familiar, but... Of course! The Kinkle mine disaster of 1949! A cave-in. Some of the miners were crushed by rocks, some of them died from poisonous fumes, and some of them survived the initial cave-in but died of starvation afterwards. Bottom line being that they died terrible, gruesome deaths. In the dark. Now, you stay here. I have a notion. What are you talking about? Nicholas was helping me with a spot of, uh, necromancy. Are you guys insane? Do you remember what happened last time? This won't be anything like the Tommy Kinkle fiasco. We're only doing short-term resurrections. One minute tops. Rise and shine, boys. We won't keep you long. We just wanna know how you died. Was it a mining accident? Or vengeful ghost miners? It was no accident, neither a ghost. It was the first eldritch terror that killed us. Darkness. A crushing darkness. A suffocating darkness. A consuming darkness. Eldritch terrors. I don't understand. The darkness is gathering. The darkness is rising. It will spread everywhere. It will blanket everything. There is no reasoning with it. There is no stopping it. In the beginning, all was darkness. At the end, there will only be darkness. Darkness, darkness, darkness. Today, this day, the sun will set and never rise again. You're speaking of Absolute Darkn... Yes, but where is the source? Mad Father Blackwood spoke of the eldritch terrors and of releasing them. I was wondering when the other shoe was going to drop, and now it has. The... the eldritch dark comes from the outer reaches of the cosmos. Its source could be anywhere. Just a guess, but if you've been seeing creepy miners around town, couldn't they be avatars of this Darkness? Which could mean that the locus of the Absolute Darkness might be in... - The mines. - Precisely. Be careful. - At the sight of the first psychopomp... - We won't be astral-projecting that long, but in and out, right, Ambrose? That's the plan. We'll travel to the cave where the 1949 disaster took place, where all those men were killed in the dark. That is either a tar pit... or the source of Absolute Darkness. Do you feel that, Ambrose? Hopelessness. Despair. Loneliness. It is as Aunt Zelda said, the Darkness preying on our fears, our insecurities. We're not prepared for this. We-we should go. When we come back, we'll be... we'll be armed physically and then psychologically. Nick! Prudence! I called her for, uh, backup. And you came here to help us? I came because if this dark is an eldritch terror, as Nicholas said, then my father can't be far behind. And this time, he will get no reprieve. This is their doing, I'll wager. Whose doing? The avatars of Darkness. It seems they've clearly moved on from simply smashing bulbs. Well, you don't know that, Ambrose. Could just be our house. Harvey! Did you blow the fuse again? It wasn't me. Shit! Hey, there's trouble, Theo. I mean, the power's out all over town. Weird. Is this Fright Club-worthy? Um, maybe. Maybe we should call Sabrina. That was Theo. It's confirmed, the whole town's lost power. Side note: Fright Club's on standby. With the power out, come sundown, the entire town will be without light, allowing the Darkness to escape the mines, take over Greendale, and eventually... Surely not the world. The eldritch terrors are planet-threatening. Imagine no more light ever again, perpetual darkness. We'd descend into utter despair, chaos, and soon after... death. How do you even fight a terror? On multiple fronts. Worse comes to worst, we cannot allow the Darkness to escape Greendale. I will get Mambo Marie and Zelda to help. The whole coven if need be. Then there's the miners. I'd take them off the table. Based on what we've witnessed, they are attracted to light, like moth to a flame. Fright Club should be able to help with that. I'm on it. What? We had a team-up against the pagans. It was fun. Then there's the Darkness itself. We need power to disperse it. Wattage, and lots of it, and some brave soul who's willing to venture into the heart of the Darkness and generate light from within it. I'll do it. And before you say no... I'm a Morningstar, Ambrose. - I can generate light. I'm our best hope. - What if your powers aren't strong enough? Your powers are not at the cosmic level anymore. No, they're not, but... what if there were two of me? No, no, as I said many times previously, contact with your other self could prove cataclysmic. Aren't we facing something cataclysmic? True. How do we go about this? Um... Keep contact to a minimum, be as quick as possible. Quick! Don't let anyone other than myself see you two together. I'll go to Hell in disguise. You get everything else ready. You're smiling. You're enjoying this. Being back in action? A little bit, yeah. ♪ Now the D and the A and the M and the N And the A and the T and the I-O-N ♪ ♪ Lose your face, lose your name ♪ ♪ Then get fitted for a suit of flame ♪ ♪ D and the A and the M and the N And the A and the T and the I-O-N ♪ ♪ Lose your face, lose your name ♪ ♪ Then get fitted for a suit of flame ♪ We need to talk, stat. Buzz off, minion. No, Sabrina, it's me... Sabrina. That dancing was intense. What's the special occasion? None. In Hell, every night's prom night. I mean, why not? I'm Queen. True. So... everything's good here? Honestly, yes. I mean, Lilith's been super supportive. Even Dad's been a teddy bear. Mm-hmm. And Caliban? I mean, yes. He tried to trap us in the Ninth Circle for all eternity, but he is totes sorry about it. Uh, no comment. Whatever. How are you? Good. Great. You know, same as you, living my best life. That is amazing, Sabrina. Yeah. No, it is... except for this pool of Absolute Darkness in the mines that's gonna consume Greendale and the entire world if we don't stop it with a light that's bright enough to banish it. Like... Morningstar bright? Yes, and I can't do it alone. But if the two of us can invoke the unholy power of our birthright, it might work. Will you help me? We are each other. A threat to one of us is a threat to us both. Mortals, it's a Fright Club emergency, and we need you. Is this a joke? No, farm boy, it's not. Absolute Darkness, a plague of darkness, is threatening Greendale. - Is that why the power's out? - We think so. The dark is manifesting as a horde of spectral miners. We have to keep them busy while Sabrina does her thing. - Did you just say spectral miners? - We're in, Nick. What can we do? Listen to me. If we don't contain the Darkness, it could suffocate all of Greendale. If this Darkness is as incalculable as you say, then our coven should be focused on protecting itself. Zelda, I am afraid Prudence is right. This is the sa ki mal I have been fearing, the threat that brought me to Greendale. This Darkness is only the beginning. It wishes for an end to all life. We'd be the last line of defense between the Darkness and the world. I mean, we'd have to do it, wouldn't we, Zelds? We'd need a spell of containment and every witch at our disposal, including Sabrina. Sabrina, Nicholas, and Ambrose are otherwise engaged, but we will manage without them. Where are they? Dark Mother, hear our plea: shroud our realm in a boundary. Mighty Hecate, Guardian of the Crossroads, we summon thee. Seal Greendale's borders so no sepulchral darkness may cross them. Dark Mother, hear our plea: shroud our realm in a boundary. Do not fight the darkness. The light will not save you. Hey! Over here! - Ready? - Ready. Now, Nick! Hey! Over here! It's working. Harvey? Now! - Are they all in there? - Should be. And that's where they'll stay. Okay, like I showed you. I see what you mean about the energy down here. It's... evil and old. I feel terrible. And that will only get worse once you're inside. Prolonged and acute exposure to the Darkness is lethal. Death by despair. So who's going first? Me. And I'll fortify you with spells from here. Got it. Here goes nothing. Hellfire, mine, come near and hark this, burn bright and shine, banish this Darkness. Hellfire, mine, come near and hark this, burn bright and shine, banish this Darkness. Hellfire, mine, come near and hark this... Burn bright and shine, banish this Darkness. Ambrose, how long do you think it'll take to work? The density of the Darkness is like being at the bottom of the oceans. Give her a minute. Hellfire, mine, come near and hark this... Burn bright and shine, banish this Darkness. Hellfire, mine, come near and hark this... Burn bright and shine, banish this Darkness. Ambrose! I see it, Coz. You're all alone down here. You're alone in the world. You have no one. You will always be alone. You're an orphan. You will die alone. No one loves you. No one could love you. You put your family in danger. You put your friends in danger. No. Alone, unloved, forgotten. Something's wrong, Ambrose. The... the light's fading. I have to go in. I'm... I'm afraid so, Coz. Sabrina! Sabrina! Oh, Sabrina. Sabrina, you have to get up. We have to work together to defeat the Darkness. No. Don't you hear them? The voices? Nobody loves me. I'll always be alone. Look at what you've brought upon your family. The world would be better off without you. Stay down here forever. No! No! That's not true. You're a queen. People love you. No. I only said that because a queen is supposed to be happy. I feel alone in my life. You belong only in the Darkness. I belong only in the Darkness. No! No! Screw the voices. Screw the Darkness. You, we... we will never be alone. We will always be loved. Even though we live in different realms, we are each other. We have each other, and we love each other. As long as we're there for each other, who cares if it's dark? In other words, Darkness, let there be light! Hellfire, mine, come near and hark this, burn bright and shine, banish this Darkness. Yes. Yes, yes! Sabrinas, it's working! Hellfire, mine, come near and hark this, burn bright and shine, banish this Darkness. You're alone in the world. You have no one. You will always be alone. Alone, unloved, forgotten. You're an orphan. You will die alone. No. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, it's not enough. They're not enough. Um... Uh... Prudence! Assemble the coven. Sabrina needs us. - Mighty Hecate... - Sister Zelda, - we need to refocus our energies. - On what? On Sabrina. Sabrina? Where is she? In the Darkness. For pity's sake! Hellfire, mine, come near and hark this... Burn bright and shine, banish this Darkness. …Gatekeeper, Guardian, Guide… Hecate, Gatekeeper, Guardian, Guide, stand among us side by side. Hecate, light your torch's flame every time we call your name. That's not the Darkness. That's... Aunt Zelda. And Aunt Hilda. And the coven. Hallowed Mother, Maiden, Crone, through the dark, your light be shone. - They're praying to Hecate. - Who? Our new goddess. …stand among us side by side. Say what they're saying. Hecate, Gatekeeper, Guardian, Guide, stand among us side by side. Hecate, light your torch's flame... …every time we call your name. Hallowed Mother, Maiden, Crone... …through the dark, your light be shone. Hecate, Gatekeeper, Guardian, Guide, stand among us side by side. Hecate, light your torch's flame every time we call your name. Hallowed Mother, Maiden, Crone, through the dark, your light be shone. Ambrose! Sabrina! I had to enlist the help of the coven. Thank the Dark Mother. It seemed to have worked. Wait. What is that? A light bulb filled with Absolute Darkness. Uh... Congratulations! Unbelievably, the two of you have managed to do what is nearly impossible. You trapped an eldritch terror. Somehow the two of you did it. We did it. I'm sorry that the Darkness failed, Father. The Darkness is merely the first of the eldritch terrors. There are eight, each more harrowing than the last. Which one's next? Oh, we do not dictate the terrors. We serve them. And when the next one manifests itself, we will make certain that our enemies do not stop us, and that the streets of Greendale are awash in blood! You know what we should do today? What? Carl. Hey. Hi. This Friday, the Paramount's having a marathon of all the Alien movies if you're up for some scares? Really? Yeah. Great. Meet there at seven? Yeah. Melvin, I changed my mind. I would love to go out with you. Really? Definitely. This Friday, at the witching hour, Paramount is showing The Rocky Horror Picture Show if you wanna dress up and be a little silly. I could be Brad. I could be Janet. ♪ If I looked all over the world ♪ ♪ And there's every type of girl ♪ ♪ But your empty eyes seem to pass me by ♪ ♪ And leave me dancin' with myself ♪ ♪ So let's sink another drink ♪ ♪ 'Cause it'll give me time to think ♪ ♪ If I had the chance I'd ask the world to dance... ♪ Turn that racket down at once! What are you doing in here anyway? Oh, having a dance party. You feeling better then, love? I am, Aunt Hilda. How do you have a dance party with just yourself? Oh, Aunt Zee, it's not that hard. You wanna join me? Absolutely not. We'll see you at dinner. And... since when do you wear a red headband? Eh, just trying something new. Hilda. I still can't believe you're gonna have two boyfriends. Melvin and Carl are not my boyfriends. They're dates. I'm dating. Maybe you should try it, Morningstar, with someone other than the guy who almost killed us. Anyway, Spellman, who needs boys when we have each other, right? Best friends forever. Secret best friends forever. ♪...dancing with myself ♪ ♪ Well, there's nothing to lose And there's nothing to prove ♪ ♪ And I'm dancing with myself ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 