The Great Food Truck Race: Season 10, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Great Food Truck Race 
 s10e1 - Rumble on the Boardwalk - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Great Food Truck Race (2010–…): Season 10, Episode 1 - Rumble on the Boardwalk - full transcript 
 Nine teams arrive on the boardwalk in Myrtle Beach, SC, where Tyler Florence challenges them to create the perfect, portable summer dish. After one team pulls off a surprising win, disaster strikes with a food truck crash. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Summer is here And this season's  competition is scorching hot. Ooh! The battle to win "the great  food truck race" is back. Whoo! How exciting is this? And this year,  for the first time ever, We've got nine food trucks... We are open for business, man. ...All competing For that grand prize  of $50,000 in cash. Ohh! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's a summer beach  battle of epic proportions. --you're kidding me. From myrtle beach,  south carolina, To key west, florida. Each week, we'll roll  into a new seaside town. Get your crab cakes here. And the teams will get just Enough seed money  to cook their food, Face incredible challenges... This is crazy. ...Solve unexpected problems... We can't be dealing  with this crap. ...And sell, sell, sell. - Order in.  -Get your nachos. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Flipping for tots  over here. The road to victory  will be no day at the beach. Oh, dear lord, it's  raining in our truck. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I still don't know  what happened. The summer battle  starts right now. Food-truck road trip! I can't believe we made it, man. We're gonna come into  this thing, take the "w." We're gonna win the thing.  We getting it. We good. I'm terrell.  I'm anna. I'm darrell. And we're nola creations. I've been in this  business for 25 years. I've worked with  some great chefs. I love it. It's not just what  I do, it's who I am. I've got my wife right here  who can sell salt to a snail. I've been cooking  for at least 16 years. Our concept is  everything new orleans. We talking bourbon street,  we talking the french quarter, We talking mardi gras. We are new orleans  born and bred. You get to meet tyler,  you guys. I know.  It's gonna be so great. I've been cooking his  recipes for years. Hi, I'm jacquelyn. I'm stephanie.  And I'm malyssa. And we're  sol food collective... A vegan food truck. Positive energy,  lots of light, lots of love. My whole goal is to make  the most delicious food And get that stigma away of  vegans only eat grass and dirt. And we're kind of just a  traveling truck of sunshine. Teams, welcome to  myrtle beach, south carolina, And welcome  to "the great food truck race." Now, you may have noticed That there are more of you  than ever before. Look around. There are 9 teams  competing for $50,000. This is gonna be the longest And the hardest fight  we have ever had. And winning is gonna take  everything you've got. Your "summer beach battle" is  about to begin right now. We are on the boardwalk  of myrtle beach -- The grand strand  of the coastline Of the beautiful state  of south carolina. And teams,  you may not know this, But I am from south carolina. This is my home turf. Now, when I think  about summers visiting The boardwalk as a kid, My best memories  are about the food. Frozen custard, funnel  cake, corn dogs, Delicious food  that you can carry. So, teams, for your  first challenge, You will have  40 minutes to create The perfect boardwalk bite. Boardwalk bite.  Yeah. We're kind of freaking out. The competition  begins right now. We have picked 10  beachgoers to taste All of your dishes and pick out  their absolute favorite. The team that wins  the most votes Will receive $300 in  addition to their till. It's a nice way to kick off  the race, don't you think? Pretty nice start. But first, your trucks are  just down the boardwalk And they are already stocked  for this particular challenge. I'm gonna give you five minutes  to get to know your trucks And then the boardwalk bite  competition begins. Are you ready? Yeah! What are you guys waiting for?  Let's get rolling! Head out! - Oh, my god!  -Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Whoo-hee! They gonna see us.  They gonna love us. They gonna smell us.  This is gonna be beautiful. Sugar me timbers, baby. Let's go, let's go,  let's go. Whoo! Man, we've gotta practice that. That was pretty lame. We're running out of time.  We've got it! Get in there. I'm sue.  I'm charlie. And I'm paulette. And we are make it maple. My son charlie  is a big old ham. Show me what you got. And paulette is one of  my very best friends. She will be doing  most of the cooking. Alright, a little of  the green mountain state. We are from vermont, And that is where most  maple syrup is produced. There is no other  flavor in the world Like vermont maple syrup. We are gonna maple it happen. You're just ridiculous. We already know  that we're blondes And we know what people  are thinking of us, So let's show them  what we're made of. So we're the brunch babes.  My name's lara. This is my cousin lydia. This is my baby sister mariah. I don't see myself as a chef. I see myself as  a super-passionate home cook, And the concept behind our food  is breakfast, lunch, brunch. Brunch is fun. So teams, you will  have 40 minutes To create the absolute  best boardwalk bite. Let's go!  What are we gonna do? How about a doughnut sammie? Perfect  with the challenge. Handheld, sweet, fun. We're gonna take  a yeast-glazed doughnut, Layer it with a yummy  breakfast sausage, Throw some scrambled eggs, A nice piece of cheddar cheese, And then candied  jalapeños right on top. - Oh, yeah.  -Yum. I'm gonna start with  these eggs first. Get them all cracked  and whipped on in. I'm gonna get  that butter on And start whipping up the cream. We're gonna make beignet balls, And then we're gonna top them  with white chocolate sauce, And then toss them in  some powdered sugar. Make you want to harlem  shake when you eat it. I'll put you  in charge of this. I'm gonna get chopping. We're making  vegan street corn. It's corn on the cob that is  charred with a lemon crema Sprinkled with  garlic and cilantro. And it's gonna be  the best corn anyone In the south has ever had. Hey, kyle, make sure  you know you're putting A good stream of  that fluff on there -- The marshmallow fluff. A lot of people  still hear, "idaho? All you've got are 'taters." But we've got a lot  more than just 'taters. I'm gonna finish  this last one here. We do s'mores in idaho in the backcountry, camping. Here you go. We decided to come up  with egg roll s'mores. We're just gonna get  a simple egg roll, Put some marshmallow  fluff on it, Sprinkle it with chocolate chips  and crushed graham crackers, And quickly deep-fry it. Bring the food  to the people. That's all we gotta do.  People's fry, let's go. Comfort food will be  right up our alley. We're right  by the beach. And so we decide to  make a shrimp taco. It's definitely what  the people want. We'll make our  tortillas out of cheese, Top it with the griddled shrimp. We have a cabbage  and cilantro slaw, Topped with avocado, Serve it to the people. And if you don't  like tacos, man, You're just not american. Right now, I'm  making a deep-fried Funnel cake monte cristo. The theme of our truck is  actually a '50s diner truck. We're gonna make it look like Just a delicious little  funnel sushi roll. I'm gonna take  a monte cristo sandwich, But instead of a  traditional tempura batter, I'm gonna deep-fry it  in a funnel-cake batter. This sandwich is  so unique because It can be eaten for  lunch, breakfast, dinner. I want to bring  indulgent items And the idea of indulgent food. Let this be your cheat day.  Let me be your cheat day. Let me give that to you. Here's the thing  about these maple dogs. They are singing with happiness.  Can you hear 'em? We're making for this challenge a maple dog, Which is  the all-beef frank Glazed with  flavor of maple. We rolling, rolling,  rolling now. I want to make  a sweet potato jack. It's a crispy biscuit crust Filled with  a sweet-potato filling. We top that off  with the powdered sugar. When you taste it, you're  definitely gonna feel the love. Virginia is for lovers and we're from virginia, So we're gonna bring this recipe to myrtle beach. I'm hope.  This is my twin sister, faith. This is my husband, andre. And we're madea made. Madea means "mother dear,"  a term of endearment. Down south, everyone's  grandmother's name is madea. The concept  of madea made food truck Is taking recipes  from our families, Remembering those  Sunday dinners coming together And having an innovative way Of bringing it to  this generation. I'm gonna start  chopping up some bacon. Once that's ready,  we can start deep-frying. Our boardwalk bite Is a deep-fried  chipotle mac and cheese ball. We'll do, like, a chipotle  cheddar sauce for it. I can get  on board with that. I'm just gonna  crush everything. That's the fun part. I'm clinton,  I'm the head chef. I'm sam,  I'm the mouth. I'm rosa,  I'm the sous-chef. And we are baby got mac. Baby got mac is  a '90s-themed food truck. We specialize in  macaroni and cheese Turned into your local  hometown favorite foods. We're very  social-media people. We met on myspace, fell  in love real quick, And we've been married  for almost 10 years now. And I actually met  rosa on twitter. Now she's my mom. Yeah, I'm the mom. So let's try our first one.  Hang on. - Is it not on?  -It's not hot. Threw the first ball in  and nothing happened. You're kidding me. Apparently our fryer's  not working right now. And it's just not hot. I know  I'm running out of time. Okay, okay. Are we  re-thinking it? Yes. This deep fryer hates me,  and it's heartbreaking. It hurts. Okay.  I'm trying to think  what else we can do. Okay. Okay. You're kidding me. Apparently our fryer's  not working right now. Okay. Are we  re-thinking it? Yes, and I'm gonna put oil on The flattop and  get it smoking hot. We want to get the  crispiness in there anyway, So I'm just gonna throw  all the macaroni and cheese On the flattop And we'll get that crispy mixed  all throughout it. Yeah, it's gonna  taste great. - Guys, where we at on time?  -We've got about three minutes. It's about time  to start assembling. I'm finishing this sauce up. We've got our pickles ready. Perfect.  This one's perfect. Go, go, go. They're ready to serve.  They are absolutely amazing. Alright, we've got it. Trucks, are you ready? - Yeah!  -Yeah! Ladies and gentlemen,  the trucks are yours. Please enjoy.  -Here they come. This is going to be kind of cool  'cause I'm gonna get a chance To walk around and taste  the food as well. My vote is gonna get folded into  the mix with everybody else. Let's see what we got. We have a little  doughnut sammie With some breakfast sausage,  scrambled eggs. The doughnut is really sweet. With the sausage,  it mixes very well together. The jalapeño  definitely, it makes it. It's fricking delicious. Oh, my god! Tyler tells us that our  doughnut sammie is delicious. Best day of my life. Sorry, honey,  wedding was good. This is up there. So today we're selling  our tiki taco bites. Taco shells are four cheese  blend mexican cheese. Never seen it before.  Spectacular. I'm dareka. I'm mahdi. And I'm terrance. And we're the people's fry  from nashville, tennessee. We specialize in different types Of loaded potato fries. We're just trying to bring the  humble fry to the forefront. Fo' sho'. Terrance and I are married. We've been together  for 10 years. And mahdi, she's a beast  in the kitchen. We work  excellent together. What makes our team unique is our cultural differences. I'm west african, terrance is barbecue smoke skills, And dareka is classically trained. Let it marinate. It's a taco shell, bro. Yeah, yeah.  I like it. I just gotta figure  out what I'm liking. What you got? Today we have our chipotle mac and cheese, But it is a chipotle mac and cheese with bacon And it's got garlic  and onion in it. It's a little spicy,  but not too spicy. Nice texture. I think  it's really, really good. I've never seen  a griddled pasta that gets Turned into a macaroni  and cheese, So I think  it's kind of unique. I'm super proud of clinton  for pulling it off. Nice macaroni and cheese.  Great job. This is a sweet  potato love jack. It's absolutely delicious.  Madea knew what she was doing. Can I give you  one note on this? Yes. I think you should probably  fry this a little more. Because the dough is just  a little undercooked. You want to try a nola-style beignet? It is white chocolate beignets  rolled in powdered sugar. It is wonderful. Can I get an amen? The flavor is ridiculous. These would be on  the permanent menu If I were you 'cause  these are great. We have  egg roll s'mores. Frank-n-slides  is your name. I thought I was gonna  be eating a hot dog. These look awesome. I'm craig smith.  I'm steve weston. I'm kyle moore. We are frank-n-slides. Frank-n-slides does  sliders, hot dogs, And fresh-cut idaho fries. Nobody from idaho has been  in "the great food truck race," So it would be  a great big thing for us To bring this  championship home to 'em. It's really important for us to represent the state of idaho. Oh, my goodness.  Delicious. Graham crackers,  marshmallow, chocolate. You're at the beach, so why not? I think it's a great dish, guys. Definitely looks like something That you would get  at a boardwalk. This one's my favorite, by far. The street corn is awesome. It's got the sweetness  of sweet corn And you've got  a vegan white sauce That's over it,  so you've got the sweet And the salty all at one time. That's bananas.  That's so good. It's bright,  it's refreshing. I would feed this to my  kids in two seconds flat Because it's kind of,  like, low sugar, right? I love your enthusiasm.  Keep it going, okay? Thank you so much. Welcome to the race,  welcome to the race. At rolling indulgence,  you're gonna find A kind of more  '50s diner theme. I'm drew. I'm jess. And I'm travis. And we're rolling  indulgence from dayton, ohio. So we all work in the  same restaurant together. I actually bartend. I am  a cocktail server. I'm the head chef  of the restaurant. So the day I got the call  that I was gonna be On "the great food truck race" Was the most exciting day  of my life for two reasons. I got the call and  then four hours later, I go to the top of  the empire state building And I propose  to my now fiancée. So today you're about  to roll yourself In an indulgent sandwich. It's gonna be sweet,  savory, a dessert, A lunch, a breakfast item Kind of all  wrapped into one. I'm so impressed. Yeah! Wasn't really sure  what to expect With ham  in a funnel cake. It's kind of a nice mix of salty and sweet. I'd say  it's pretty indulgent. You guys ready  for a taste Of the green mountain state? It's delicious. I never would've thought of this combination. Excellent. It's sweet, but it's not, like, overbearing. Excellent.  That's good stuff. I think this is a very,  very good hot dog. I think the second  time you make this... - Heat.  ...Push it to the next level. Even if it's a maple mustard,  I'm all about that. That's from me to you.  A little maple mustard. Alright, so, food trucks,  did you have a good time? - Yes!  -Yes! Now, let's get down to  the business of this. I'm gonna award one team 300 additional dollars  in their till. My jury behind me of my  beach-going buddies Have tasted all of your food,  but there is only one winner. I am happy with  the final dish we made. I think this  personifies who we are. I feel like can't nobody  beat this dish right here. Madam foreman, do  we have a verdict? We do. We are very proud to announce it's sol food collective. Oh, my god! We're here and we're vegan  and we're here to win! Ladies, congratulations. I'm a huge fan  of vegan food, And that was  a fantastic ear of corn. Who the heck thought  a vegan truck Would've won this  doggone challenge? With corn. How I lose to corn? I'm talking about corn.  Corn. The best ear of corn ever. So sol collective,  congratulations. You're gonna have an  additional $300 in your till. Now it's time for  the little baby birds To leave the nest. You all have $400  in seed money. I'm gonna send you  shopping, and then I want you to come  right back here For some head-to-head  food-truck combat. Are you guys ready to do this? - Yes.  -Yes. Let's get into our trucks  and let's get rolling! We just won the challenge  and now it's time to shop. The competition  literally just got real. This weather is bipolar. Boy gonna take a bath today. Alright, let's go,  brunchy bertha. It was just sunny,  now it's raining. It acts like louisiana weather. Go, go, go, go, go. Everyone, let's go. --oh We just got hit. She just took the whole front  off rolling indulgence. You're kidding me.  No. Unbelievable. I don't know what happened. If we go home because  sol food collective Just wrecked our  truck, not okay. She just took the whole front  off rolling indulgence. Not cool. The crash put us  behind the 8 ball, But, you know,  we gotta keep rolling. So I immediately  bandage us up. We're good? Alright, you ready for this?  We're going. Ready to roll.  We gotta go shopping And stay focused on what  we're doing here. We get to the store and I see rolling indulgence's truck. Hi. - Oh, my god.  -Oh, my god. - It's okay.  -I'm so sorry. It's okay.  It's okay. She had tears in her eyes,  and so I gave her a big hug. We're gonna be all right.  Let's do some shopping. This is a competition,  but at the end of the day, We're all human beings. Yeah. Right. Alright, let's go. Should we hit the produce  since we're right here? - Yeah, let's do that.  -Cashews? oh, those are whole. We can't drive trucks or push carts, so we are awesome. Fries are $20 a bag. $20 a bag? Let's go country style  and grab a bag. The people's fry, well,  they do frozen fries. They're in direct  competition with us.  Yeah. And we're not gonna  use frozen fries. Fresh potatoes?  50 pounds? We're gonna hand-cut our fries,  we're gonna double-fry 'em. Do 'em right.  Yeah. Yeah.  So I feel bad for 'em. Whee! On our menu today, we  have our shrimp po' boy. Po' boy. Chicken for the gumbo. Chicken  and sausage gumbo. Which flour do we need  for the beignets? Bread flour. And we're gonna go with  our signature beignets. Tyler said it's the best beignet  he's ever put in his mouth. Work out, work out,  leg day. Let's go. Produce, there it is.  Go that way. Today's menu  is the maple dog. We're also gonna do A maple-glazed chicken  bahn mi sandwich. And then we're gonna top it off  with maple dumplings, right? I'm looking  for sriracha. Yeah, we need sriracha,  where is it? We need a couple  of key ingredients And it's nowhere  to be found. - Where is it?  -Where were the pickles? - I don't know.  -Where were the pickles? Dill pickles  for our maple dogs. We still haven't  found sriracha. I refuse to leave this store without the sriracha. Where's the dairy? Paulette, sriracha? No. We're gonna make it work. We're gonna make it work. Let's just get it for now In case we can't find sriracha. Alright, so we got our  stuff from the store. We're ready to roll.  Let's get set up. Tyler told us we had to  hit the boardwalk again. We're looking  at all the other trucks. We gotta compete against  them face-to-face. We're just going to do the vegan nachos. We're gonna stick  to one thing. We're gonna do the sol food  ultimate vegan nacho. Let's get the water boiled. For my special cheese sauce, Instead of using cheese,  I'm using cashews. And no one's even gonna  know that they're vegan. My whole goal is to go  toe-to-toe with everyone That's doing meat and dairy, So I'm really confident  in these nachos. The world-famous beignets. The best beignets on earth. Our menu is gonna consist  of shrimp po' boy, Our signature beignets, And we're gonna go with  chicken and sausage gumbo. That's goodness right there. It's a taste of the french  quarter in every bowl. - Down home.  -That's how we rock it. If you want to get the pickling solution Maybe made in here.  -Sure. So I'm gonna make  this breakfast sammie. We're gonna have  a bb breakfast sandwich. We're gonna take  a buttery croissant, We're gonna layer it  with cream cheese, Some strawberry jam. Then we're gonna take our  salty breakfast patty, Fluffy scrambled eggs,  our cheddar cheese, And it's gonna be good. Tots coming out. Then we are selling loaded tots. We're gonna take the tots, Layer it with  the meat and cheese, We're gonna make some  homemade pickles, Tomatoes, and then we're  making a special sauce. Yum. I'll work on slaw. Andre's gonna get the sauce  going for the barbecue. This menu defines our  truck and the concept. Those down-home southern  recipes that will Make you feel like you're  at your grandmother's house. We're making pulled-pork  barbecue sandwich With a collard slaw. Gonna drop the fish. And we're also gonna  make a catfish po' boy. It's gonna be great. Let's start  with the chicken bog first. Baby got mac is a '90s  themed food truck, So today we're gonna  do an east coast versus West coast riff in the '90s  that was big with rappers. So a super-popular dish in south carolina is a chicken bog. It's rice, grilled chicken,  smoked sausage in a broth. We're doing it in a cheese sauce  instead of the typical stock. Get a head start on the  carnitas one by cutting those. Our west coast is southern  california carnitas. It's kind of a riff  on street tacos All over the los angeles area. It's crispy pork with mexican  spices, cheddar cheese. It's gonna be very, very tasty. So I have steaks marinating  so that's good to go. You keep working  on the avocados. I'll work on chicken next. On our menu today,  we have our latin turf, We have our fries  topped with carne asada, Melted cheese,  and our avocado crema. And then our second dish  is our homeland heat. We have our potatoes topped  with our grilled chicken, Barbecue sauce, topped  with cheese and sour cream. So we're calling it  the homeland heat Because it fuses  our cultures. The homeland with the west african peppers With the nashville  hot chicken, And I think it's gonna bring the people in. Give the people  what they want. I'm heating up this  water right now. We're gonna make some  hollandaise in this stuff. Today we have quite  a few things on our menu. Option one is gonna be  an eggs benedict baguette With cinnamon hollandaise  that I made from scratch. And then we're gonna  have patty melt sliders On a butter bun with  caramelized onions, A house-made slaw, and a1 aioli. We're gonna finish off  with monte cristo rolls. Yes. Bacon-wrapped hot dogs  sounds amazing, doesn't it? - Franky, baby.  -Oh, yeah. In summer, beach to me means  hamburgers and hot dogs. So we're just gonna serve  our bacon-wrapped hot dog. Kyle, how are we  doing on our 'taters? We have three more. And we have hand-cut  idaho french fries. Oh, dear lord, it's  raining and our truck Is not the most weatherproof  vehicle around here. Deep fryer's not working. All this rain coming down  on us inside the truck, We can't get our fryer  started and going. Taking fries off the menu. Anything that can go  wrong is going wrong. - Let's maple it happen.  -Right on. I'll start slicing and  dicing for the bahn mi. My prep strategy is to have charlie on slicing. We have sue on sauce. And I am working  the proteins. Somebody needs  to get the sauce. Alright. It wasn't long before all that became very convoluted. Whoo!  Almost burned my eyebrows off. Out of the way,  babe. A little bit of a horror show in there. No, no, no, no, no. Oh.  That was too much pepper. Sue, I am not feeling organized right now. That's 'cause we're not,  but we're gonna fake it. The first item on the menu is our chicken bahn mi. A maple-glazed chicken that we grill. Next our maple dumplings, which is a simple biscuit dough Caramelized  in the maple syrup. We had  a great experience With the taste challenge  with the hot dogs. People really liked it. Yeah, so we decided, Let's, you know,  go with a winner, right? Right. We decide to take  tyler's advice And combine the maple and the mustard together And that was our sauce. You guys, I think we need  to run out and open this up. I can run out there  and do it right now. I'm all excited to go out  and open up the window. Come on. Oh, my gosh, I can't open it. This truck accident  actually bent back our shelf, So we have this meat tenderizer, We're clearly not  gonna use that. Started banging that thing  against the shelf, And it was not moving. You guys, it's not working. I tried to bang it and it wasn't -- it's just not budging. I don't know what to do. If we can't open our  window, we can't sell. If we can't sell,  we're going home. You guys, it's not working. Oh, my gosh, I can't open it. This accident actually  bent back our shelf. So I reached a mechanic  and he's here at the truck. You guys, he's  bending it for us. He's bending the shelf back  for us. You guys want to try and see if that'll work? Hallelujah,  we can sell today. We're back in this. - Yay!  -Yay! All of our sky waterfalls  have gone away. Whoo! Battle time. The rain stops,  people are coming out, And it's time  to start selling. Everybody, the people's fry  is open for business! If you need the best  fries in the business, This is where you need to be --  the people's fry. Just tell me what you need. Let me do the homeland. Let me get a homeland heat. - There we go.  -First sale. First sale heard. Okay, guys, we're flipping  for tots over here. Come on,  flipping for tots. We want  to set records today. There we go! That's a good job 'cause I don't have that. Ridiculous. You want tots?  Alright. We've got  an order of tots. We make that first sale. I'm so excited, like,  someone paid me to feed them. Yum. The sun is out. We're rocking and rolling  over here at madea made. Tyler said the dough in our  love jack was undercooked. That pulled pork  barbecue sandwich Comes with a special slaw. It's only $10 and  worth every penny. And this is a chance for  us to redeem ourselves. Catfish po' boy,  catfish po' boy. I am feeling so good about this. The orders are being called out,  we're making sales. Catfish po' boy out the window. It looks good, it tastes good.  We're rocking. One nachos. So the white sauce is like  a vegan sour cream crema. The cashew cheese has the  texture of melted nacho cheese. The flavor profile, I  wouldn't know they were vegan. Hi, there. So we decided to go  ahead and open up. They gotta fix this.  This ain't cool. But with the fryer being  down, it's miserable. We have steve outside  selling hot dogs. Here you go, man.  Thank you. So we can bypass  the switch. So kyle is working  with the mechanic. This has to be fixed  before tomorrow. I'm sure a lot of people  walked by our truck And thought we weren't  even open for business. We can't be dealing  with this crap. I mean, honestly. Our first day of sales  has gone terrible. Here's your beignets  and your po' boy. That's so far.  Gumbo is right behind it. Selling is going amazing. Everybody wants to be  around me. Just as we thought, the  beignets, number-one seller. The beignets are fabulous! Oh, these beignets  melt in my mouth. Every ticket we had  at least one beignet on it. Hi, how are ya?  What would you like? We prepped these benedicts. We prepped these sliders, Thinking I was gonna  sell a lot of 'em. Everybody's coming  for the monte cristo. It's really good. Tasty!  Sweet and savory. Tyler's challenge  was really smart Because the thing  that we ended up Creating for him turned  into our biggest seller. If we end out moving on  in this competition, It's gonna be because  of these monte cristos. You want the dog? Can I get another  maple dog for jones? The maple dog's coming. Getting a little spurt  of activity here, whew! I'm feeling overwhelmed. It's still  a work in progress. One order of dumplings. I'm working  on those dumplings. I feel terrible, dumplings  are just a little behind. We're just  figuring this out, So there's a little bit of hectic nature with it, But we're having fun. Tots here! Get your cheeseburger  tots here! We've got another tot. We are selling so many tots. Alright, a loaded tot. Loaded burger tots, coming up. Because it's  the perfect lunch item. That is good! Who doesn't love  crispy, crunchy tots? - Dropping fries.  -Latin turf! Latin turf! Right now our most popular  dish is our latin turf. Everyone's really liking  those carne asada fries. Alright, carne asada fries. Just what the people  looking for. Bomb. Large pimento,  large carnita. - One large one of each?  -Yeah. I feel like  our sales are good. I kind of feel like we're  the middle of the road. We got the southwest  carnita mac and cheese. Oh, it's so good,  and really fresh. It's off the hook. We ordered  the maple dumplings, And they are saturated,  like they are Maple-colored  all the way through. She approves. Perfect for a rainy day. So we realized the dumplings  are really popular. Thank you. And everybody who eats them  is telling everybody else, And they're coming  back for more, And ordering second  orders, and then... ...I lose all the milk. I dropped it.  I just full-on dropped it. And we have to run  out of dumplings, 'cause you cannot make  dumplings without milk. When the dumplings went,  people started leaving. Yeah. - Guys.  -Malyssa! We got a text from tyler. - What?  -"time's up." "stop selling now  and tally up your cash." We were just starting  to get a flow! That's it?  The day's done? I feel like I could  sell five more hours. Uh...  Okay, well, that's me. Na, da, da, da, da. Team nola. Team nola. It's the end of day one,  and I'm just like, "we balled out  of control." I don't think  anybody can beat us. Today was a headache. I kicked this truck  about 5 to 22 times. Between the fryer breaking down, A quarter of an inch or so  of water sitting in our truck, I'm really sure  we're going home. The competition is fierce. Yes. I'm nervous going into  the second day of selling. We have to draw them in  with a story and the fun. Nola creations' chef Trained under  emeril lagasse. I worked at restaurants  owned by emeril lagasse. I've done the world food  championships. I'm one of the best  chefs in the world. That is like  a whole nother level. We just have to be fun. We're fun people,  we can't forget that. I'm stressed out  to the max. Stay focused,  alright? Don't.  Just stay focused. I just don't know whether  these things are on. We decide sunny day  at the boardwalk, Let's go right back. Oh, there's little  babies out there! Oh, jesus! Luckily I didn't blow  the truck up, right? - Oh, my...  -That was so scary! You got some fries  ready for me? Tyler's had somebody  working on the deep fryer. It's good to go. Hey, guys,  tyler's calling. Hey, tyler. Hi, teams, alright,  guys, well, listen. I hope the rain didn't  make you too crabby, Because crab meat is on the menu For your next challenge. - Yay. Thanks to my friends  here at the giant crab, I am sending you guys 3 pounds  of lump crab meat. So, teams, you'll have to  incorporate the lump crab meat Into an original  crab dish for your truck. The team who makes  the most money selling Those crab dishes will get, Are you ready for this? Immunity. - Whoa!  -Oh! That's right, immunity. It's a really, really big deal. So, guys, you really  want to pay attention To the challenge,  'cause as of right now, Only $2 separates  the bottom two. Wow. And one truck will be leaving  us at elimination today. Well, listen, guys,  look out for the crab, It's on the way, and the  "summer beach battle" rages on. Let's go!  Let's go, let's get it,  let's get it, let's go. Wait a minute, maybe  a crab salad sandwich. Crab delivery. Alright.  Make it maple. Good luck. Thank you so much. We mix slaw,  maple, mayonnaise, And lime drizzle  on a sandwich. - Alright, here you go.  -Thank you very much. We got our crab meat. We do blackened crab cakes,  cajun rice, A lemon aioli sauce. I have an awesome signature crab dish. I'm gonna do  crab cake poppers With an ancho chili  mayo sauce. Our biggest focus  is those crabs. I want the menu to be  very, very, very simple. We're gonna focus monte cristo  and the crab special. Gonna make  a crab cake taco.  Crab cake taco. When I was a little boy, Crab meat was my godmother's special. It's basically just  like a crab cake, But we're gonna roll it so that  it fits inside of the taco. I know what we're doing already. We already had the plan  for the ball. That's so perfect. We're gonna do  a riff on a crab cake Mixed with macaroni and cheese. We'll bread it, fry it,  it's gonna be good. There is no meat.  There is no dairy. There is no seafood  on this truck. I'm willing to give up the entire challenge And just work. I would be going  against everything I stand for and I  wouldn't feel right Taking $50,000  to spread my message When I can't even stand  behind my own message. Absolutely. I think now is the time  to pull a god's card. If ever. Now's a good time  to see if we can get Any good insight or direction  or energy from the universe. Athena, inner wisdom. "you know what to do, trust your inner wisdom, And take appropriate action without delay. It's perfect. Alright, everybody, here's  the people's fry menu. Surf and turf! For this challenge, we decide  to go with surf and turf. So that'd be our  fries, melted cheese, With the carne asada,  as well as our crab meat. Two surf and turfs? Alright, that'll be $30. We got another  surf and turf. Sales are amazing. Y'all want the best  fries in the business? This is the place to be! The special today  is crabzilla. Crab cake sliders. Oh, yeah. Yeah, baby! There's crab cake sliders  on a bed of coleslaw With some nice pico  and with idaho fries. Alright, $15. You're getting the crab special? Yes, ma'am. Alright, malyssa,  we have a special. For our don't be  crabby benedict, We're gonna take our  soft scrambled eggs, Layer that on top of  that buttery croissant, And then some of that lump crab, Then we're gonna take  that sweet cream cheese And drizzle it right over  the top of that crab. Pretty good. Three cristos coming  out right now. So the monte cristos  are flying out. Two cristos. One crab cake special. It's crazy, people are lining  up, lining up, lining up. What would you  like to have? - I want the gumbo.  -The special? Shrimp po' boy. We are the number-one selling line right now. I'm going with the line,  the whole line. And everybody wants a taste of the quarter In every one  of their orders. Throw it up,  throw it up! Then another small socal. I feel like our sales  are good. Small socal. I am super-confident. It is so hectic in here. I got a large socal here. And there's your  delicious nachos! There's a much bigger crowd  than there was yesterday. Be just a minute, okay? And people are literally  waiting for us. That cheese is  good as Who made the cheese? We're getting married. Ah, yes! One crabzilla. We're out there and  we know we're behind Everybody else because  of the first day. So I look at kyle  and I said, "it's time." Gimme that hot dog suit. That's our ace in  the hole right there, It's like superman. Hey, would you like  to see my wiener?! Crabzilla! Enjoy, thank you.  Special and a fry. Our giant wiener. He's bringing people  to our truck. Whoo. We're feeling a lot  better, aren't we, guys? Oh, yeah. Thank you. Alright, I have leanne. I'm coming, lydia. Two surf and turfs. Mom, I'm piling up  with customers up here. I'm gonna need some  hustle, ladies! Hold on, char. And here's  the two crabby tacos. Hey, guys, come out, we have a message from tyler. "food-truck teams,  time's up, stop selling." "meet me at the beach  for elimination." Ahh! Whew.  I'm exhausted. I'm worried about what the other trucks sold. My gut tells me it was more than what we did. Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm. We're standing at elimination, And everyone had  the additional crab That they were able to sell  at a higher price. I'm really nervous  at this point. I'm used to beaches  being a place where I'm cool, calm and collected. Relaxing. Instead, today,  I'm shaking in my boots. So, how you guys doing today? - Good.  -Good. So, there's something I want To get out of the way  first and foremost, And that's a message  about safety. Guys, we had  an accident this weekend. That's a very big deal. Sol food collective, you  ran into rolling indulgence. There are a lot of blind  spots driving a food truck, And you have to be very careful. Thankfully, travis is okay,  and I'm hoping Sol food collective  learned a lesson. I think we all did  as a whole group. Safety's first. So, now I've got some good news. You guys ready?  -Yeah. The winner of the crab  challenge, with a total Of $600 in sales for  their original dish... Wow. ...The people's fry,  congratulations. - We won!  -What?! - We won, we won!  -Surf and turf! Surf and turf! You have won immunity,  and you are safe, And moving on to the next city. Congratulations. You can't kick us out, we in. Teams, in my hands  are the totals. Who made the most,  who made the least. And unfortunately,  who will be leaving "the great food truck race"  right here and right now. In first place, the  winner of myrtle beach is... ...Nola creations. Yes. We knew it, we got it,  we worked hard, Top of the mountain. Got the "w." Top of the world, ma. Nice job, guys. You had a grand total of $1,759. Nice start, nice start.  -Wow. And in second place, And only $14  behind first place... ...Brunch babes. Congratulations, you  guys are second place. I am so happy and thankful  that we are not going home. We are safe one more week. In third place,  with a grand total of $1,629, Madea made.  Congratulations. In fourth place,  the people's fry. Congratulations. And in fifth place, with  a grand total of $1,030, Sol food collective.  Nice job. We're still in this. And without the crab.  Without the crab. In sixth place,  with a grand total of $995, Frank-n-slides. Nice job, guys, way to go. And team number seven, safe,  and moving on this week... ...Rolling indulgence. Yes. Oh, my god. Whoo! - We're still in this, baby!  -We're still in this, baby. So, that leaves  our bottom two -- Baby got mac and make it maple. But...Sol food collective, When you're responsible  for the truck, And you wreck the truck, You're responsible  for the deductible, And that will come  out of your till. The deductible for the  accident came out to $200. So in fact, you are  in our bottom two. And baby got mac,  you're safe And moving on to the next city. Hopefully  we're not going home, But I'm not confident  at this point. The team that will be leaving Summer beach battle" is... ...Make it maple. Oh. Sorry, guys. Alright.  It's alright. Nobody wants to  be the first out. Yeah. But, looking  around that beach, And seeing everybody so happy  that they're still in... That was  some consolation. I really love your spirit, And I hate to do this,  but I'm gonna need your keys. Never been on a food truck before. I cook in my kitchen. Just to have had the opportunity to pursue this, It's a hoot. And, you know,  mother-son road trip, With best friend,  that's pretty awesome. So, do you guys want to hear  where you're going next? - Yes!  -Yes! So, guys, we're staying In my beautiful home state  of south carolina, And we're gonna drive  220 miles south To the beautiful island of  hilton head, south carolina. The "summer beach battle" is  just getting cranked up. You guys ready to hit the road? - Yeah.  -Yeah. Alright, guys,  let's get rolling! Come on! We're headed to hilton head! We have big adjustments  on the horizon. We're coming with fire. Hilton head -- I know  it's a golfer's town. We're gonna sell these golfers The best food that  nola's ever made. Our biggest competition is  gonna be nola's creation. They won myrtle beach, and  we need to get hilton head. Next time on  "the great food truck race"... Food trucks, welcome to  beautiful hilton head island. - Let's go!  -Mwah. Aah! Aw, crap! So we're having a hard time  keeping up with the tickets. What is going on with this?  -It's just chaos. How long have you guys been waiting in line? - A long time.  -A long time, a long time. I don't think it went as well  as maybe you think it did. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 