The Great Food Truck Race: Season 10, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Great Food Truck Race 
 s10e3 - Fast and Furious - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Great Food Truck Race (2010–…): Season 10, Episode 3 - Fast and Furious - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 FLORENCE: Previously on "The Great Food Truck Race"... -One, two, three... -Idaho! FLORENCE: The eight remaining teams tried for a hole in one. Tensions flared among the teams. We got the best fries in the business! You can eat frozen fries at home, man. FLORENCE: As Nola continued to dominate... Here we go, hot and fresh, hot and fresh. FLORENCE: ...and People's Fry went home. And now, the teams head to Daytona Beach, Florida, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and one more team will crash and burn. It is brutal out here. FLORENCE: Catch it all right now on "The Great Food Truck Race: Summer Beach Battle." ALL: Food truck road trip! I've never been to Daytona. I always think of, like, the '80s, like bleach blondes and cut-off denim shorts.Right? You know, I'm actually a little bit concerned --Yeah. ...about the vegan community here in Daytona. We have now created this pattern of being in the bottom, and it's unacceptable. There's no way in Daytona that we can be in the bottom again. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -We have to step it up. -Yeah. The only thing we have not won yet is a challenge. But can't touch our sales. Going to the next city, I don't really feel like we have any competition. Because everybody flip flop. From one week to the other. I don't know.You know, one week Baby Got Mac on the bottom, now they're second. One week, first they in second, now they in fourth. And Sol Food Collective. -Can I have a hug? -No. -No more hugs? -I'm tired of hugging. Daytona International Speedway. I knew it! Are you kidding me? O-M-G. It's the Daytona -- it's where they have the big, the big, you can only turn left thing. -What are we doing right now? -We're on the track. We're gonna take a little bit of a spin. Whoo! Daytona, baby! Oh, my God, we're sideways! Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God. Oh, we're stopping. Wow. Well, this is probably one of the greatest experiences of our lives, but we need to get back to reality and remember where we're at. Teams, welcome to Daytona Beach, Florida! So, teams, if you took anything away from our last elimination, we left a lot of people on the field in Hilton Head, not really excited about how fast you were. Let's talk for a little bit how you guys are feeling today. Sol Food Collective, what's going on with you guys? What's going on with you guys? Yeah, I think we might be losing a team member today. -Oh, no. -Why? I just -- it's a little too much for me. Um... Going into this competition, you really don't know what to expect. It is a lot of hard work. It's your food truck. And right out the gate, we got into an accident. I don't even know what happened. I just want to leave. And I think that really affected her, shook her to her core. Well, Stephanie, we are terribly sorry to see you leave the competition, and we will be thinking about you on the way, all right? I'm just an emotional wreck, which is difficult for me because I'm not usually like that. So it's been hard. FLORENCE: Bye, Stephanie. So here's the deal, I wanna shift the energy back to the positive. So, who can tell me what drivers do on the end field here when they win? -Donuts. -That's right, my friend. And I gotta tell you, here in Dayton Beach, nobody does donuts better than the legend, Donnie Summerlin from Donnie's Donuts here in Daytona Beach. Will you please give a round of applause? Some of the most beautiful donuts in America. So, teams, for our first challenge here in Daytona Beach, Florida, you're gonna be crafting one donut, and crank out as many as possible in one hour. One of the things we try to emphasize with our bakers is that it's chemistry. That your dough temperature, your oil temperature, the depth of your oil is all gonna impact the way your donuts come out. I'm a huge fan of Donnie's Donuts, they are some of the best donuts in the country. He will judge you accordingly. Every donut you make is worth one point. The team with the best looking donuts overall will have their donuts be worth two points per donut. And if you have the best tasting donut, according to Donald, your donut is now worth three points each. Your donuts could be worth five points each. The winner gets to call an audible pit stop, during which all cooking and sales must completely stop. Teams, you'll have to earn your way back onto your food trucks. -All right. Today, you will be competing at the beach on the boardwalk here at Daytona Beach, Florida. Teams, the Summer Beach Battle continues. -Let's get rolling! I'll meet you guys at the beach. How do you feel about Sol Collective losing a player? I kind of think that it's gonna be tough for everybody. This competition's hard. And I think that everybody realized that now. Our sacrifice for "The Great Food Truck Race," just being here has cost a lot. We have sacrificed some time with our kids, we're sacrificing time with our loved ones, we're sacrificing everything. I need two cups of sour cream. I'm looking at the table, and I thank the vegan gods, I see a dairy alternative. So we're gonna do our coconut maple bacon.Okay. It's vegan, so that's really good.Awesome. We are going to use coconut for the bacon. I add a little bit of soy sauce, liquid smoke, and give it a good stir. We're gonna lower them in like this. -55 seconds on each side. -On each side. It's just the two of us, but I come from a world where I do most everything on my own. It's all about working harder, smarter, faster. Boom, donuts! These donuts are coming out of that fryer looking perfect. They were perfectly golden. Okay, first round's going out. Now I have to get them all to the table and make sure they're in perfect condition. So we've got maple coconut donuts. Okay. So Sol Food Collective is a vegan truck. We make vegan donuts. A different flavor. -Like, nice and cakey -- -Mm-hmm. ...not incredibly heavy, I don't think it's particularly oily, it's original. All right, guys, we're gonna make piña colada donuts. It goes with our theme well. We're the brunch truck and so it feels like there's a big expectation that we can make a good donut. I'm gonna roll, you're gonna fry. For this challenge, we're gonna make a piña colada donut, shaped like a pineapple. These are done, these are done. All right guys, this might work.Yep. And we're gonna glaze it with pineapple glaze and coconut. The most important part of this challenge is the taste. Do we wanna put a pineapple garnish on it?No. I really think we need to focus on the presentation. These need to look cute. That's only worth two points. -Don't drop any! -I'm not! Well, let's agree to disagree. All right. This is Brunch Babes, maybe got a little tropical thing going on presentation-wise.I like the way that they cut it. Good glaze. It's a little dense, but we always like flavors that continue after they're gone. -Yep. And this moves and I'm still tasting it.Yeah. -It sure is a challenge. -Yeah. Hmm. You're going against temperature, humidity, you're going against time, there's no oven, there's no rising of the dough, it's gonna be tough. Here's the thing, I've never made donuts before. That's clearly not it. Is there flour in there? I think there's gotta be flour, yeah, there's flour right there. Now put some flour in there for me. So we added flour and flour until we found the dough consistency that we needed. Oh, that's not gonna work. We're all just kinda, like, in panic mode 'cause we're about 30 minutes in and we still don't have a donut. JESS: Oh, my God. Little bit more flour. Go, go, go, go, go. JESS: There you go, that's looking better. We finally have found the dough consistency that we needed. All right, we're in the game. -Are we? -Okay! We did it. That was a challenge. We're there now. I'm gonna create a mixed berry purée, and then I'm gonna take a little bit of heavy cream, I'm gonna take a little bit of powdered sugar, little bit of vanilla, little bit of cinnamon, and I'm gonna create a cool little cinnamon whip. And that's the flavor profiles. FLORENCE: This is Rolling Indulgence. -It's light. -Yeah. They did real good with the dough. Yeah, that's raspberry. The looks are all over the place. Yeah, looks like a Quentin Tarantino movie.Mm-hmm. -I say we make a savory donut -- -Okay. ...and then cut it in half and make it into, like, breakfast sandwiches. That's great. So for this sandwich, it'll be the donut on both sides is the bun, and then we're gonna layer a mac and cheese, a fried cheese curd, a layer of scrambled eggs. I think we're going more for flavor. We won both challenges last week.Right. Best thing we can do is just keep the challenges coming, keep doing our best and let's see if we can win 'em, see if we can jump up into that first place spot. That'd be really neat to take first place one of these weeks, yeah. -It would be. -What do we got going on here? What do we got going on here? Okay, so this is -- There's a lot of people that do the donut sandwiches. Right, so this is Baby Got Mac. This looks almost like a croquette cut in half. Well, let's see what it tastes like. I don't know about this. It's like a Franken-donut. Outside the box, right? -Yeah, it's a little greasy. -That's a sandwich. -It's a little greasy. -It's a lot greasy. It's a lot greasy. So what topping are you making, Terrell? I'm doing a citrus glaze. Squeezing in some orange juice. We decided to make a orange citrus donut. Glazed donut. I think we can knock out all three with the taste, appearance, and speed. We wanna make sure we get all five points. Yes, we won week one, yes, we won week two, we have not won a challenge yet. And it's messing with me. I hate losing. Nice and coated. We have our citrus glazed donuts, Anna's topping them off. We're gonna do a powdered sugar, and we're gonna do a raspberry on top of it. DONALD: You can tell it just came off the fryer.Uh-huh. It's a little dense. I like the crunchy on the outside. Yeah, nice texture on the outside.I like the glaze. Talking about the oil level, this one's falling apart. Right, so the oil is starting to cool off right here.Yeah. See, what'll happen is that one's gonna have more shortening in it than that one.Sure. That one's pushed it all out, that's why you can see it all puffy. But good flavor. We don't make donuts. ANDRE: We don't do donuts, but we know how to make rolls, so I'm doing 'em just like my grandma and my godmother taught me how to do rolls. HOPE: We're making a maple bacon donut, 'cause we're a country cooking truck, you gotta have some pork on the fork. I'm making the maple glaze, I'm putting a little lemon, vanilla, I'm gonna do a little cinnamon, just trying to bring those flavors together. We gotta get donuts going out there. We're gonna go for best looking donut, we're going for best tasting donut, and as many as we can make. FLORENCE: All right, so these are Madea Made, and it looks like they got maybe a little maple, a little bacon going on. That's what it looks like, yeah. I like that one. -Nice. -Got a good flavor to it. But if I'm buying them from the food truck I'm gonna say, I'll want the one with the bacon on it. Right now I'm frying bacon up, and melting some butter, we are going to make some maple bacon donuts. When this donut's done, it's gonna look gorgeous. This is not good. God, it looks like one of the ghosts from Pac-Man. It is the ugliest thing I've ever seen in my life. We're putting out some ugly looking donuts right now. It's a 60-minute challenge, the clock's ticking. What we do have is just a funnel cake that looks like it was run over by a truck. -A food truck. -A food truck. Steven, place them in our area, bring the pan back. FLORENCE: This is Frank-N-Slides, they may be going with that maple bacon thing one more time, too. It's very greasy. -Yeah, it is. -I like -- the glaze is okay. God, it's gross. I'm sorry. It's so greasy. It's almost embarrassing, what we put on the table. It's not even close. -Mm-hmm. -Awful. Oh, that was bad right there. It is an epic fail and we are definitely going to be last. FLORENCE: Five minutes left, guys. I can do this, I can do this in five minutes. Come on, just a few more, just a few more. -Let's move. -I'm coming. -Move faster over there. -Move faster? What are you doing? No, presentation! I wanna get those donuts to the table so fast because I wanna beat out the other teams. All right, this is our last round of donuts, I think we have the absolute most. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1... guys that's it, hands up, you're done. -We did, it, we did it! -Yay! I feel like we just won the Daytona 500.Yeah. So, teams, congratulations, your Daytona Beach donut challenge is over. How do you feel? -Yeah. -Feel good. -Good. -Eh, I don't know. Relieved, relieved. I thought you guys did a pretty good job. I mean you guys cranked out some donuts, that's for sure, man. Nice and fast. Madea Made, so you guys made 51 donuts, come on, right? 51 donuts in an hour from scratch. Nola Creations, a lot of volume. You guys made 48 donuts. All right, Rolling Indulgence, you guys made 34 donuts. -Nice. -Wow. We could've got it. All right, so Sol Food, you guys cranked out 30 donuts, that's respectable, nice job between the two of you. -Yep. -Right, you make vegan donuts. All right, Brunch Babes, you guys made 27. Not, you know, not the most, not the least, somewhere in the middle. Baby Got Mac, you guys made 16 donuts, but I don't think you guys made donuts. Well, they're donuts. You stayed true to brand. It had to have some macaroni and cheese in there somewhere.We had to, yeah. Frank-N-Slides, you guys made 10, right? Whoo! -You guys made 10. They were ugly. So, guys, we have talked about how many donuts you've made, now let's talk about who made the best looking donuts and then who made the best tasting donuts. And I gotta tell you, surprise, surprise, it's the same donut. JACQUELYN: We really, really need to win. It's just the two of us, and we need to have a leg up and just shut everyone down. The team that's gonna get five points per donut is... The team that's gonna get five points per donut is... Donald, I'm gonna give you the honors. -The Brunch Babes. -Nice job. All right, so Brunch Babes, congratulations. You get 135 points for your donuts, so as the winner you guys get to call an audible pit stop, and you get to sell through the pit stop while the rest of your colleagues take a break. All right, you guys, you ready to do this?ALL: Yeah. All right, have a great day selling, everybody. Let's get our trucks and let's get rolling! Tyler gave us a spot, it is right on the boardwalk, so there's a lot of foot traffic, it's perfect. Are we seriously gonna give our donuts away for free? -3 bucks for a donut. -Okay. We're gonna sell our pineapple donuts, our loaded tots, with that classic cheeseburger deconstructed, a classic hot dog, because who doesn't like that on the beach? And then it's hot. We are making a Beach Island Iced Tea, a play on a Long Island Iced Tea, but for all to enjoy. -It's good. -I think it's good. Our strategy for using our pit stop advantage is to close down the other trucks as soon as we see those windows go up and people start flocking. Yeah.All right, well we're just looking. So what did they do? Well, they just didn't follow the rules. FLORENCE: Random health inspections are a part of life for food trucks. And in the 10 years we're doing this show, it happens from time to time. Today, all the food trucks got inspected, and unfortunately, Nola got dinged for a minor violation. They had a little bit of barbecue pork left over from Hilton Head tucked in the back of the cooler someplace. Not a good start. Not at all. They have six hours to pay the fine.Yeah. It had nothing to do with their serving now, but I think it's gonna cost 'em. We need to make sure that there's nothing left in the truck. -You or we? -Ever again. You gotta be kidding me. DREW: So today, we're gonna embrace this '50s diners theme. We're gonna do a burger, I'm gonna do three cheeses, then I'm gonna do my garlic Parmesan fries, and then my own take on a dessert, which is gonna be a funnel cake. And I wanna do it with fresh berries, top it with some whipped cream. We're gonna try to be as quick and as efficient as possible.Yep. Tyler harped on that big time at the last elimination. The Brunch Babes can call their pit stop at any moment. The advantage is phenomenal. It can be the difference between all of us losing and them running away with hundreds of dollars. Keep going, going, going, going. CLINTON: We didn't win the donut challenge, that's okay. I don't know, we were true to our brand, true to ourselves, so I was pleased with it either way. I thought we did good, but now we're gonna sell as much mac and cheese as we can to everybody that we see. -Mm-hmm. I am making the cheddar cheese sauce for the shrimp and grits. We're going to do our take on a cheesy shrimp and grits. We use the whole hominy and then add it to a cheese sauce, and then grill up some shrimp with some Old Bay and other seasonings, put it right over the top. It's fantastic. You wanna start shredding up some pineapples as I do this? Today on our menu, we have a pulled pork sandwich with a pineapple slaw, and we also have a fish taco. Pretty simple menu, we've done it before. Let's execute. We have to pick up some speed, pick up some momentum, and this is the part of the journey where we just go full speed ahead. We're gonna do those bowls, and there's not a lot of prep --Yeah. ...that's gonna go into it. For Daytona, I'm going to do a taco bowl. I mean, it's flavored to taste like taco meat. A Daytona Beach bowl. Sautéed spinach. For the Daytona Beach bowl, I am putting rice at the bottom with a little bit of soy sauce, adding some sautéed spinach, sprinkle some tomatoes on there, and I top it with kimchi, red onion, and then I drizzle a sriracha aioli on top. Perfect. How you guys feel about the donut challenge?I'm glad it's over. We have not won any challenges. And I hate losing. We just gotta get open fast and start selling fast, so when it's time to pit stop, we have already have some sales in. The truck tension a little bit high, but we'll work through it. We gonna pull back together. We gotta get our sauce going for the beignets. Let's get our butter out. I think we got a plan, y'all. Today's menu here at Nola Creations is our New Orleans style shrimp po-boy, blackened chicken sandwich, with a side of red beans and rice. Got three kinds of peppers. Got red pepper, yellow peppers, we got a little orange peppers in there. And then we have those world-famous, Tyler's favorite, beignets. Give me about five minutes and I'm ready. Kyle, start on the pico, okay? Steve, you'll start on the sauces, right? -Yep. -All right. Brunch Babes won the challenge, and they now have the ability to give all other teams a pit stop, and this could really hurt us. So we're gonna streamline our process so we can open up as soon as possible. We're gonna be selling the Frankie, which is a bacon-wrapped hot dog with handmade pico, topped with avocado crema, and sriracha. And we have the Killer Bees, which is a bacon butter blue cheese burger, and that's gonna be set on some spring mix, and it's amazing. I've got hot dogs, I've got some hamburgers ready. We're ready. Fresh, crispy fries. Idaho boy, you know I know my spuds. No line, no waiting. Real fast, fresh and done right now. I'll have one donut and one order of beignets. One donut and one beignet. That's it, Nola's open, and she's starting to sell. -Shut it down! -Yes! They're starting to sell. We're gonna initiate the pit stop right now. Our goal is to steal everyone's first sales for the day. -Hello? -Hello? Hey, guys, it's the Brunch Babes. Guess what? It's time for your pit stop. It's time to close up those windows and head down to the beach. -Shut everything off. -Yep. We were just about to open. -Good luck! -See ya! We have to close up. -We were so close to opening. -We just got started. Like, literally, so close to opening.Ah! Be faithful, you're just gonna order more after this pit stop. CLINTON: Now we have to go down on the beach and do this. DREW: And we were so close to being open. We're opening those windows as the other teams are shutting down. All right, guys, we're open for business! And you had the tots, right? Here's your donut. All right teams, come on in, come on in. Welcome to your pit stop, ladies and gentlemen. All right, food trucks, this is a classic game of cornhole. I have the cornhole master on our team. When you hit 50 points, then, and then only, can you hit your trucks and start selling for the day. -Are you ready to go? -Yes! Three, two, one, let's go! Oh, nice one. Here's your hot dog! It is time to hustle, it's time to move. $18. It's time to get those tickets out the window. -Whoa. Nice! -There you go. All right, Frank-N-Slides, you guys just landed 50 points. All right, let's go! Get outta here, you're good, you're good.Get it! You guys hit 50, let's go, you're out. Boom, all right, Baby Got Mac, you got 50 points, you guys are out of here. One loaded tot. There you go, Lisa, enjoy your... Should we get the other pot going with water? Yes, please. Madea Made, you got 48 points, 49... 50! All right, congratulations, you guys are outta here. 48, you're two points down, two points down. Two points out.It's you! Here, here, here, here! You got 49, one more point. Yeah, you're outta here! -Whoo! How y'all doing? All right, Nola's open for business right now! Beignets, got it. That pit stop became a pity stop because... Beignet order. My customers still waiting for what? -Nola Creations. -Nola. -Killer Bees, oh, yeah. -Yeah. Brunch Babes don't even have a line and we're back open. -Like it didn't happen. We had the Killer Bees sliders. The food was cooked medium, perfectly, the sauce was excellent, the food fits well on the beach. Give me some orders, guys. Fresh Beach Island Iced Tea! $5, it's real good! You would like a Daytona Beach bowl?Yeah. You wanna do a combo and do the gourmet burger and fries? All right, one combo. One of the shrimp. Perfect. That'll be two fish tacos, I'm waiting on one, missing one in my hand. I'm taking Tyler's advice about speed, and I just want these orders out, so I'm starting to put the pressure on Hope and Andre to get the orders out fast. I'm waiting on four, I'm doing great, just waiting on four.All right, they're coming. Golly, Faith. Mixed berry funnel cakes! We're standing on the beach and there's not as many customers as we're wanting. Nobody's freaking hungry. It is brutal out here. Free water? Literally, now I can't give away water. This is rough. Daytona, where are you? Time's up, fulfill any orders you started, and close up. See you tomorrow. I can't believe how slow business was seemingly across the board. Overall on day one, I'm feeling confident, because we did win that challenge, but I'm also feeling a little nervous. -We gotta sell a lot tomorrow. -Mm-hmm. This is not good. We did not get the number we needed. Tomorrow is definitely gonna be do or die. We'll get 'em tomorrow, don't worry. Yeah, tomorrow's a new day. We just have to be laser-focused, and work smart and work fast. This competition's getting really intense, and being in the bottom is, we're feeling it, for sure. Yeah, definitely. Oh, my God. I'm not feeling that great. My back is hurting and I'm getting weird shooting pains in the front of my body. Hello? Hey, girl, I just wanna keep you on the up and up. I'm in a lot of pain right now, and I'm worried it might be a kidney stone. Oh, . Hello? Hey, girl, I just wanna keep you on the up and up. I'm in a lot of pain right now, and I'm worried it might be a kidney stone. Oh, . I don't want to leave Jacquelyn alone, we're already down a teammate, and then if I leave, it's just her running this whole thing by herself. But this pain has come on full force. I can't breathe, I can't talk, I can barely think. I need to go to an emergency room right now. Stay and win. She just wants me to keep pushing through, so that's what I'm gonna do. Don't cry, babe. I feel bad. It's gonna be okay. Just win this. I just wanna be with her, I feel terrible. We had a teammate quit and one being rushed to the hospital. And I'm the last man standing, gotta keep going. -Ready? -Let's go! Let's go. We're gonna stay with our monster theme and we're gonna rock it. Idaho on three, ready? -One, two, three... -Idaho! Okay guys, so we're gonna need to get the meat going for the tots. Sales were slow yesterday, so we have a lot of groundwork to catch up on. Today, we're gonna up our prices, and we're also going to update our hot dog to a brunch dog, so we really stay within our brunch concept. We gotta work through the brunch dogs, so we have to make the scrambled eggs, and all the sauces that go on those things. We're just sticking to our full diner menu. Our best burger, we're gonna knock out some delicious seasoned fries, we're gonna have food that just pops. All right, so hopefully stuff heat up fast today, that's been our Achilles heel every time. We not makin' donuts, we not playin' cornhole. So we just go in and sell. And what we do best is sell. So I'm dropping down my beignet balls. This this thing right here make you smack your mama. Two times. I'll be amazed if we don't come in first this week. Almost split my pants laughing. Focusing on getting open before everybody else. This is our second day of selling in Daytona, we are ready to win it. We have to crank these sales out today to get a edge on the other teams. So I'll be working on the coleslaw. -I'm working on props. -Okay. We have pulled pork barbecue sandwiches with pineapple slaw on the menu, we also have fish tacos. Whenever you're ready for barbecue, that'll be coming whenever you're ready. We are open for business! -We're open! No lines, no wait, we heard we got the best food, let's go! All right everybody, Frank-N-Slides is open for business! -What's you're name, sir? -Dave. -Two fish. -Two fish. One Killer Bee for Walker! I'm starting to prep my menu and it's just me right now. Today's menu is staying the same, I'm trying to keep my head in the game, but I have Malyssa and what she's going through going on in the back of my mind, and it's really hard to stay focused. -Permission to come aboard! -Come in! Do we need help with anything? Hi, oh, my gosh. I can come sacrifice about 15 minutes if you need me to do stuff. Oh, my God, yes, I would love that. Could you help me dice pineapple?Absolutely. This is huge. I mean, we're in a competition to win $50,000, and I just think it's incredible that she's offering to come and help me. -Hug, hug, hug. -Oh. Thank you so much. No problem, don't cry, you're gonna make me cry! NOLA Creations, open and ready for business! No line, no waiting! What can I grab for ya? Can we get three brunch dogs, two of 'em with no red onions?Yeah. Welcome, what we gonna have today? I'm gonna do a shrimp po' boy. A shrimp po' boy? Ooh, those are so good. -Order in! -Okay! Pick it up! Hey, guys, y'all wanna try a NOLA-style po' boy today? Who wants some burgers and fries? We have nobody in line at all. And every sale counts. Cold drinks! Where is everybody? Winning $50,000 would mean everything to us. At this point I go into super save the truck mode like we are about to go home. You know what, I'm about to go down on that beach and just ask people. -Go! I see a group of guys who are having a great time and I'm thinking they're probably hungry so I go to the leader, Denny, See, whatever they want, I'll pay.Okay. Okay, my man, I'm Travis, by the way. We are going to feed the entire Arizona State Gymnastics Team. Whoo! Yeah! Whoo! Good job, let's eat, boys! 16 combos and add bacon! -Yeah! -Whoo-hoo! Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go.Let's go. This is our biggest order of the entire thing so far. In about five minutes flat we sent out 18 combos. -Thank you. -You're welcome. We made $360. Oh, my God! That's what I do baby, all day! Whoo! You blew my mind. You actually blew my mind. I'm feeling the love. You kept us -- You kept us in the game.You should. That's for sure. -Hey, guys, Tyler's calling. -Kyle! -What? We got a phone call, come on in. Hi, Tyler. Hey, guys. Hey, Tyler, what's going on, man?What's going on? So guys, before this Daytona Beach round of our Summer Beach Title is over I got one more little challenge for you, you guys ready? -Of course. -Yeah, always. So guys I'm having some delicious local Atlantic white shrimp sent over to your trucks right now. -Whoo! -Yes. Atlantic shrimp, huh? Is that vegan Atlantic Shrimp? I am definitely not going to do the shrimp challenge. This could really be the end of Sol Food Collective. So guys I'm having some delicious local Atlantic white shrimp sent over to your trucks right now. I'm gonna give you one hour to put this shrimp dish on your menu. -One hour. -Let's do it. Create something and sell it. All right, guys, so the team that sells the most shrimp dishes, I'm gonna add $10 per dish to your sales. If you sell 20 dishes that's an additional $200. -Okay. -All right. So guys, let's make some money, your time starts now. Let's go. All right, let's go. We ready.We ready. Let's go. -We are from where? -From NOLA. -And we love what? -We love shrimp. Exactly. There's another challenge I can't do. -We got shrimp coming up. -Shrimp, shrimp shrimp. -Whoo! -Whoo! Let's get it poppin'. All right, beautiful, thank you!Thank you. Let's take everything off the menu but the shrimp --Okay. ...and drop it low 'cause it's about how many, so not how much you make. And we've got not very many people out there.Right. I'm super excited that I did my research and found out that Florida was really big into shrimp and grits. Thanks, Tyler, for giving me the exact same challenge I was already giving myself. Dre, we're gonna do a shrimp taco because this seems like the easiest thing to do that could sell really quick and we can get a low price point on it. I'm just gonna do Old Bay, we got tortillas for it, we got the come back sauce. The come back sauce is really seasoned so I don't have to do a lot with this, just a little bit of Old Bay. I'm happy, this is something that will work well with our menu. We're gonna kill this challenge. We already have the shrimp po' boy on our menu, I say do the shrimp po' boy, drop it to eight. We're just gonna use the shrimp that he gave us into our po' boy and sell that for $8. If we sell them for $8 he gives us $10, that's an $18 sale. We back in business. What are we gonna put the shrimp on? I'm thinking kind of like a lobster roll like a shrimp roll. To make the shrimp I'm gonna put some fresh butter on the grill and put the shrimp in that butter topped with a fresh pineapple cucumber salsa and a garlic pineapple aioli. We're not skimpy on the shrimp either. They're fresh, they're delicious. We need to decide if this challenge is worth it for us or if we need to just start selling our regular burgers. Travis just brought us this massive order, we are ahead of the game right now which means do I need to compete in this challenge? There's a bunch of trucks that are gonna be knocking out shrimp, right? So do we need to waste our time just peeling these, deveining these, getting everything ready? The chances of any of these guys selling 40 dishes in one hour is very small. So I'm gonna stick to my guns and I'm gonna give these people their funnel cakes and their burgers and I'm gonna get it quicker than they're gonna spend doing the shrimp. We're gonna melt some butter, we're gonna put some citrus in there, some Old Bay seasoning, some cayenne, gonna put a little soy sauce. We're gonna sauté them ever so lightly to make a shrimp po' boy, Idaho style. Look -- yeah... We got some good food over here! Shrimp rolls! One special for Natasha! $5 grilled shrimp taco, we're the cheapest out here and got the best food go figure. So Madea Made is right next to us. We have our shrimp po' boy and here they come with their shrimp tacos and we're selling for eight, they're selling for five. Again, we have much better quality. Our shrimp po' boy is truly authentic. I mean if you want to feel like you're in New Orleans you bite into one of those po' boys. We do it the right way, but they're just kind of low balling right now. Thank you all for buying our special today. Do y'all know what we're at on numbers for the special? I think we are at about 20 now. Oh, my gosh! I love the sauce, it's the best sauce I've ever had and it goes great with the shrimp. Oh, hey, Lara, get out here. We got a text from Tyler. One hour is up. Only shrimp orders completed as of right now. Will count towards this challenge As you were, teams. Oh, we're still selling. Hour's up, we can't sell any more of the special.Okay. So... -Just wipe it off. -Done. Done! This is the last day of selling and I am officially the only member of Sol Food Collective. Taco Bowl! Daytona Beach Bowl! Pineapple Salad! And it's just little old me, out there pedaling vegan food to Daytona Beach. Who wants a taco bowl, I got taco bowls right over here! Pineapple salad! Come on! Dre and Hope, Sol Collective is down to just one person.Yeah. -I feel so bad -- -Yeah. ...like I even wanna have Faith to go down there and help. We're gonna join forces. We're gonna go help Sol Collective?Yes. I'm on the truck making bowls and I see some of the other teams come rushing over in front of the truck. Feed your soul! Feed your soul! Feed your soul! I can't believe what I'm seeing, I can't believe everyone, you know, rallied together to come help support. That's just so touching. That's okay. It feels really good that they believe in us and what we stand for and they came to support. Gotta order up! Taco bowl! Yeah, we got two orders. I could take the orders for you, you go and get it together. -Okay, all right. -Thank you. You're welcome. So we're waiting on a Daytona Beach Bowl.Got that. I'm alone on a truck, my best friend's in the hospital and I have this outpouring of love and support from other teams. Thank you. Another beach bowl? There's another order up, can you put this on your book? Daytona Beach bowl. I just, I can't believe it it's... I just can't believe it. -Hey, Faith! Yes?Faith, come in I have a text from Tyler. Okay, okay, I'm coming. -He says, "Selling stops now!" -Close up And meet me on the beach for elimination. -I ain't worried this time. -You're not worried? I ain't worried. I felt at least comfortable last week, this week I'm not... Hey, it's gonna be what it's gonna be.I'm not sure at all. All, right, guys, that's Daytona. My legs are shaking because I'm concerned, I mean, we think we did well but we don't know what everybody else did. So food trucks, we are just three cities deep into our Summer Beach Battle, how you guys holding up? -I'm good. -Good, doing good. So Malyssa, it's great to see you back I heard you had to go to the hospital, are you okay? I'm good now, thank you. -You're fine? -Yeah. So I returned from the hospital and it turns out that I have a kidney stone, got some treatment there, I'm feeling a little bit better and the most important thing is to be by Jacquelyn's side. I want to thank every single one of you for helping out Sol Food Collective in their time of need. And congratulations to... Madea Made for winning the shrimp challenge. We took Tyler's advice, we took this challenge seriously, and look what has happened. You sold 19 shrimp specials, that was 190 additional dollars in your till. Yes, yes. So guys, I have in my hands my ledger, inside of it are the numbers for Daytona Beach, Florida. In first place, for the very first time, Rolling Indulgence. -Yeah! It feels unbelievable! It feels like we're the new champion, we're the team to beat. We're on cloud nine right now. -Knew we could do it. -Yeah. Rolling Indulgence, congratulations, you made $2,065. Travis, you really stepped it up. It feels like you found your pace.Thank you. We won because we stuck with the diner theme. In second place, for the second time, Brunch Babes. Nice job, guys. You made $1,972. While we're not first place, we've come back, just a little bit. In third place, for the first time, Frank-n-Slides. -Yes! Congratulations, guys. -Oh, gosh. -Feels amazing. -Yeah. -Top three! We finally broke through, we've always been in that bottom. In fourth place, hovering around the middle, and I'm telling you, it's not a bad strategy, Madea Made. Nice job. You made $1,865. Still haven't heard our name, I know we're at the bottom. There's no way we're not going home.Yeah. In fifth place, and safe, NOLA Creations. Whoo! Got that monkey off my back, I'm good now. We're fifth place. We're home. Ain't nothing gonna stop us now. Now, for bottom two. Baby Got Mac and Sol Food Collective, but before we get to the elimination, there's one more thing that we have to deal with, we had an issue, the stop, health inspection. -Oh. And all these things come with fines, you understand, right? And NOLA Creations this is yours. ♪ Bum, bum, bum ♪ We left a container with a little bit of a food item. -That much. -That much. But you know what, that's our fault. Mm-hmm. This is gonna cost you, man, it's gonna cost you $600. So Baby Got Mac, congratulations for the second time you're not longer in the bottom two. What? Our new bottom two now is Sol Food Collective and NOLA Creations. So the team leaving "The Great Food Truck Race" right her, right now, is... Sol Food Collective. We tried. We did our best. I'm proud of us. We didn't give up, we kept going. I have nothing but complete and utter gratitude for all of this. It was just a beautiful experience.Yeah. Sol Food Collective I gotta tell you, from day one, minute one, the first time I tasted your food the only thing I could think was "Wow! This is something really, really special" Jacquelyn pushed through to the very end, she went hard. I don't like seeing her go home, but I like the fact that she has her head high. Can I tell you something? NOLA Creations, with this $600 fine you were within one dollar of going home. Oh, my God! Sol Food Collective I'm gonna need your keys. We're not leaving with the $50,000 but we're leaving with our integrity. We didn't do any of the challenges that involved any meat. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you! You cooked and you baked. Give a round of applause, Sol Food Collective, everybody, Sol Food Collective. I hope you guys brought some sunscreen, cause we're heading 140 miles south west from the Atlantic Ocean to the Gulf Coast to the beautiful city of Tampa, Florida. -You guys excited about that? -Yes. The Summer Beach Battle rages on! We have six trucks left and you're all one step closer to the grand prize of winning $50,000 in cash. Let's get in our trucks and let's get rolling! I think Tampa is gonna be our resurgence. -Like the phoenix. -Like the phoenix. We shall rise.Like the phoenix, we gonna rise. We're pumped, we're excited, we are a force to be reckoned with in this competition. Now is not the time to get complacent. We can actually win this thing. -$50,000 baby, here we come! -$50,000, baby! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 