The Bob Newhart Show: Season 5, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bob Newhart Show 
 s5e4 - Still Crazy After All These Years - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bob Newhart Show (1972–1978): Season 5, Episode 4 - Still Crazy After All These Years - full transcript 
 Carol's husband is a travel agent helping plan vacations for people in the office. Jerry is going to Mexico while Bob and Emily will visit a dude ranch in Arizona. Howard is upset that the Hartleys are leaving. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Oh, Jer. I have your reservations for your Mexico trip. Ah, magnificent Mexico! Enchiladas, burritos, tostadas! Turistas! Thank you. Don't thank me, thank Larry. My husband the travel agent. The one who got you these tickets? Oh, right. Wait a minute, the Hotel Smith? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What's Mexican about that? Nothing, but nothing is what you're paying. Look at this. There's nothing in here except warning about what will happen to you if you drink the water or steal a towel. "Anyone caught stealing a towel will be forced to drink the water." What's a vacation if you can't steal a towel? Oh, Jer, Larry's planning Bob's vacation. You do not hear him complaining. Yeah, well, he's not staying in some two-bit hotel. That's because he's willing to spend more than two bits. How much can a dude ranch in Arizona cost? I'm sorry, that's privileged information 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 between a travel agent and his dude. Well, this Hotel Smith sounds like el rip-off to me. It can't be that bad. You'll be staying in the Jose Rivera memorial suite. What the hell's that? It's named for a guy called Jose Rivera who was executed in your very room. Probably for stealing towels. Good morning, Carol. I'd like to have you meet Dr. Ned Podbillion, a colleague of mine. - Hello. - Carol. How are you? I'm okay. That's fine. Fine and dandy. Why don't we step into my office? Fine and dandy. I can only stay a short while. Yeah, Carol, hold my calls. Fine and dandy. I haven't been in this office in eight years. It's amazing. You haven't changed a thing. I got a new desk calendar. Why do you do it? The old one keeps getting filled up. I mean, why do you keep working in an office? It's either work here or out of my car. I gave up my office three years ago when I developed my new therapy technique. Offices are old hat. So is traditional psychology. Let's face it, Bob, psychologists today are stuck in a rut. All we do is repeat ourselves. - Repeat ourselves? - Repeat ourselves. I don't think we repeat ourselves. But we do repeat ourselves. - How? - How? Yeah, how? Using the same old method over and over and over again and again and again and again. I see what you mean. One hour a week with a patient isn't enough. That's why I came up with the Podbillion Process. The Podbillion Process? Podbillion Process. We're repeating ourselves again. The Podbillion Process is worth repeating. I take the patient into my home. I stay with him night and day, day and night. I never let him or her out of my sight until he or she is back on his or her feet or foot again. Feet or footó I have one man with a wooden leg. I know that concentrated therapy can have a dramatic effect on a patient, but it doesn't seem to last any length of time. Mine does. Do you remember the patient you referred to me, Rune Denhart? The man with the unnatural fear of public transportation. He now drives a bus. I must say, I'm impressed. Of course you are. And with the Podbillion Process it only took two weeks. Can't argue with success. You can, but you'd be wrong. Two weeks is such a short time. Well, any longer and I'd only be repeating myself, and I never repeat myself. Never. Never ever. Do you remember the patient you referred to me, Rune Denhart? The man that had the unnatural fear of public transportation? He now drives a cab. You said he drove a bus. He does, but I never repeat myself. Hi, honey, I'm home. Well, what do you think? I'll be daggone. Well, I got to fade it down so it looks old. Why? Bob, we're going to a dude ranch. The last thing we want to look like is a couple of dudes when we get on our horses. Oh, I found a way around that. I'm not getting on one. Then, Bob, why are we going to a dude ranch? To play golf. Honey, if I'm going to get on horses, I think you really ought to try. Emily I have never ridden one in my life. Oh, Bob, it's so simple. Let's just pretend the couch in a horse. You put your left foot in the stirrup and then you just swing your right leg over like that. Come on, you try it. I'm afraid. Easy big fella. Easy. Left foot there, right, and swing it over. There, that's very good. I think he likes me. Hi, Bob. Hi, Emily. Maybe I better come back later. Howard, Emily is teaching me to ride. This is a horse. Oh, nice. I have one just like it. I brought back your golf clubs. Why do you need them? Well, in the first place, they're mine. And in the second place, I want to play gold. Oh, when? Next week on our vacation. You're going on vacation? Nobody told me that. How long are you going to be gone for? About ten days. Ten days? My plants will die in ten days. Who's going to water them? - Where will you be? - Home. Why? Why don't you water them? You always water my plants. You know I have a tendency to drown things. That's why I don't have any pets. Stay away from our horse. How could you do this to me? I'll be all alone. Oh, Howard, it's not the end of the world. You're overreacting. What's that supposed to mean? It means you're acting irrationally. Don't you think I'm playing with a full deck? Howard, you've got a full deck, it's just that sometimes you like to pass the deal. You know, Howard, Bob and I have been concerned for some time about you being so dependent on people. What people? Us. Howard, I don't want you to take this wrong, but maybe it wouldn't be such a bad idea if you got a little help with your problem. You know, maybe if you saw a psychologist. What's that supposed to mean? Howard, you rely on us for everything. I clean your apartment, we do your laundry, balance your checkbooks, make all your meals. Who's going to do all those things when you're gone? Howard, who is the person that you admire most in the entire world? John Wayne. Do you think John Wayne relies on his friends to do everything for him? The Duke doesn't need friends. - There you go. - Where? I think what Bob is trying to say is that maybe you should emulate John Wayne. Emulate John Wayne? He'd kill me before I even got near him. What's that supposed to mean? I don't know. Maybe I do need a psychologist. Well, it's a thought. Let's start now, okay? Howard, I can't be your psychologist. We're too close. But if you wait until I come back, I'll find somebody for you. That's too late. My plants will die. Howard, this takes time. It could take a lot of visits. Well, I'll go every day. I need independence fast. I owe it to my plants. Bob, what about Ned Podbillion? You said he was fast. Well, he's fast, but his methods are a little unorthodox. I'll never know the difference. You'll have to go to his house every day for two weeks. You'll even have to live at the house. You think if I brought my plants over, he'd water them? Again and again and again. That's good. That's good. You'll get along fine. All right, I'll call him tomorrow. Thanks, I appreciate it. I feel more independent already. I feel like I'm standing on my own two feet. Howard, if there's anything else we can do... Well, there is one thing. Don't leave me! Come on, Bob. What do you say? What's the first thing that springs to your mind? Fried chicken. No, Bob, mystery. You see, nobody in Mexico City will think that I'm a tourist. They'll be too busy laughing. That is one opinion. You want a third opinion? No. So what do you want me to bring you back from south of the border? Oh, I don't know. One of those sombreros with those little fringe balls on it. You got it. What color? I don't care. Something that will go with more than one suit. Right. - Hi, Howard. - Oh, hi. What can I get for you while I'm in Mexico City? Oh, some petticoat hangers. Petticoat hangers? You can get those right here. I don't care where you get them. Just get them. What's up, Howard? I just met Dr. Podbillion. So I see. Yeah, he said he could help me. I'm going over to his house tonight. I'm really nervous. You find carrying a cactus calms you down? Oh, that. Would you mind taking this to the desert with you for a couple of weeks? Why? Well, it's not doing too well. I think it's homesick. Oh, Bob, you won't tell anybody in Arizona that I'm seeing a shrink. It may not even come up, Howard. You see, I'm really worried, I don't know what to expect. Well, just... Just take it easy, Howard. Yeah, what am I supposed to wear? Where am I supposed to sit? What am I supposed to call him? Will there be snacks? Where's the bathroom? What's your had size? I don't know. What's my hat size? Howard, relax. This has to do with my sombrero. Large. Oh, but I want the fringe balls medium. Where are you staying in Mexico City? The Hotel Smith. No kidding. You know The Hotel Smith? Yeah, don't steal their towels. Ah, so I've heard. Yeah. They'll... they'll name a suite after you, but it's not worth it. It was a lovely vacation, but I'm sure glad to be home. I've seen enough of horses for a while. Don't say that in front of old blue. What's all that stuff? I expected the mail to pile up, but this is ridiculous. Well, maybe we've been burglarized. Burglars don't deliver, Emily. That's a great shirt. Well, it's yours. I gave it to you for your birthday two years ago. I don't remember. Oh, that's right. Howard borrowed it while I was wrapping it. Bob, this is all stuff Howard borrowed. No, it isn't. We gave him this on his birthday. It's even initialed. Oh, he loves this racket. Who is it? It's your next-door neighbor, Howard Borden. Oh, come in. Welcome home. Thanks, Howard. Did you have a pleasant vacation? Oh, we had a lovely time. I rode horses and Bob rode a golf cart. Well, then, you both enjoyed yourself fine and dandy. You can see I returned some of the things I borrowed over the years. I'm sorry I took so long in returning them, but I promise it won't happen again. Goodnight. Well, Howard. Howard, you don't have to leave right away. Oh, well, you're probably fatigued. Oh, in anticipation of your coming back, I aired out your apartment. Thank you. And I noticed your refrigerator had considerable frost built up, so I took the liberty to defrost it. Uh, you didn't saddle up Old Blue and take it for a run, did you? Old Blue? The, uh, the couch. Bob, that doesn't make sense. A couch can't run. Just... just a joke, Howard. And a fine one, too. Ha, ha, ha, ha. Howard. Howard, why did you return this? It was a gift. I don't accept gifts anymore, that's a sign of dependency. How are you and Dr. Podbillion getting along? Fine and dandy. Dr. Podbillion is the finest man I ever met in my entire life. Oh, can I fix you a drink? I neither condemn nor condone the use of alcoholic beverages for others. I myself no longer feel the need for artificial stimuli. But thank you. We must do this again sometime. Howard. What's wrong with you? What's wrong? I never felt better in my whole life. Well, you're not yourself. Thanks to Dr. Podbillion, I'm not myself. I'm me. Good morning. Well, I'll be hornswoggled if ain't cowboy Bob back from the ranch. You the new schoolmarm? No. I'm the town receptionist. Wanna rustle me up some grub? The coffee's pretty grubby, how about some of that? I take it you had a nice time on your vacation? Oh, it was a great dude ranch, I shot 83. Jerry back yet? Nope. He didn't leave 'til this morning, so he won't be back 'til next week. How come? Well, Jerry found out he could fly cheaper if he went with a charter group, you see. So he took off this morning with 52 nuns from Indiana. They call themselves The Holy Hoosiers. Well, you don't have to tell me who their co-pilot is. Carol... Bob, you're back, fine and dandy. I want to talk to you about Howard Borden. Good, I want to talk to you about him, too. Let's go in my office. Fine and dandy. And, uh, Carol, no calls, no interruptions. Fine and d... Fine, fine. Howard Borden is a textbook case. Why is that? Because he's going to be in my textbook. I call it "The Remarkable Podbillion Process by the Remarkable Ned Podbillion." That's remarkable. And when it sweeps the nation, I'm going to be famous. What about Howard? Well, he'll be famous, too. I'd like to take him on tour with me. He'll be a very big attraction. Why don't you just shoot him out of a canon. You make this sound like some sort of circus. Actually, it's just going to be Howard and myself. Possibly an opening act. How about Jerry Vale? Much too expensive. You know, Howard's been my neighbor for six years. He's my friend and I like him. I mean, Howard's always been a little irresponsible, he's always been a little too dependent. He's always been a bit of a nuisance, but he always had his own personality. Now, unfortunately, he has yours. Do I sense the ugly specter of professional jealousy? No, but I sense you're on an ego trip. That's ridiculous, I'm too fine a person. So is Howard, and I'm going to do everything I can to stop him from going to Vegas with you. Fine and dandy. There are thousands of Howard Bordens, and I can make each and every one of them a better person. You mean process them the Podbillion way? Exactly. Ned, it isn't going to work. You can take the joy out of a man, but you can't take the man... out of the joy. What is that supposed to mean? Well, that didn't come out right, but if I have anything to say about it, Howard will. Fine and dandy. And Ned. Yes. Here's a dollar. Don't ever say fine and dandy to me again. Fine and... When did Howard say he was coming over? Promptly at 8:00 when he finishes watching William Buckley. William Buckley? Yeah, he's interviewing Gore Vidal. Oh, that explains it. Howard's always been a fan of Gore's. You know, I can't help feeling that we're baiting at trap. We are, Emily. We're baiting it with roast beef and mashed potatoes, all the things that Howard loves. Now, if we can get him to stay here for dinner, we got him. Did you make gravy? What's bait without gravy? It's Howard Borden, your neighbor. Uh, come in, Howard. Hello. I'm responding to your request that I stop by. Well, we're glad you did. Won't you sit down, Howard? Fine and dandy. Is there a purpose for your asking me to stop by, or is this a... Is this a social function? A social function. Oh. So how are things with William and Gore? At odds with each other as usual. We're... we're gonna have dinner in a little while. Yeah. Roast beef, mashed potatoes, broccoli. Sounds well balanced. Why don't you stay for dinner, Howard? Oh, that's very kind of you, Bob, but I was planning to make myself an omelet, I was just on my way to the store to get some eggs. Oh, why don't you have some of ours. Uh, no, thank you. Why not? Why not? Why not? I'll tell you why not, because neither a borrower nor a lender be. Dr. Podbillion said that. Well, Ben Franklin said it first. Oh. Then it was Dr. Podbillion who said, "God takes care of those who take care of themselves." No, Ben Franklin said that, too. Oh, then it was Dr. Podbillion who said, "Early to bed..." Franklin? Good man, Franklin. Howard, it's silly for you to run all the way down to the market for a couple eggs. Yeah, just take these. Well, if it's no trouble, I think I'll... No, no, no, I... I can't. Well, Howard, it's not trouble. As a matter of fact, why don't you stay for dinner. Oh, I can't, I wouldn't be standing on my own two feet. You know, there's an interesting thing about food, Howard. When you come into someone's apartment, you can always tell what's cooking, you know, you can just smell the succulent aroma of roast beef as it sizzles in the oven. Yeah, the pungent aroma of broccoli as it simmers on the stove. Yeah. Oh, yeah. And the mouthwatering heady smell of gravy as it bubbles on the pan. And... No, no, no. I can't... I can't stay for dinner. I gotta iron my shirts. Well, you'll have to borrow our iron. I don't need an iron. I'll put it under the mattress. I'll sleep on it. Howard, Howard, I'll iron it for you. Hey, what's going on here? I don't get this. First you want me to be independent, right? And now you want me to borrow things and stay for dinner. Boy, what are you doing, testing me? No. Well, that's a strange turn of events. Howard, we just... We kind of miss the old you. I thought you didn't like me leaning on you. Well, Howard, every now and then, we all have to get by with a little help from our friends. Who said that? The Beatles. Oh, yeah. Now I'm so confused I don't know who I am. Howard, are you happy? No. Are you hungry? Yeah. Well, then, why don't you stay for dinner? Well, if I stayed for dinner, I mean, I'd become dependent all over again. After all, I just spent two weeks in intensive therapy learning how to be independent. I mean, this is a decision that's not easy to make. You know what I mean? Yesiree, I'm really gonna have to think about this one. Can we have asparagus tips instead of broccoli? Sure. How does it feel to have the old Howard back? Fine and dandy. Bob. I thought you were gonna be in at 9:00 this morning, you're kind of late. Emily had an early staff meeting so I had to cook breakfast for Howard. I had to poach the eggs three times before I got them right. He isn't easy to cook for. What man is? Well, holy Hoosier, look who's back. Hi. How was Mexico? Ah, romance, moonlight, mariachis. Struck out, huh? Si. But I saved an enormous amount of money by not staying at the Hotel Smith. Well, yeah, where'd you stay? I stayed in the convent. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 