The Bob Newhart Show: Season 5, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bob Newhart Show 
 s5e1 - Enter Mrs. Peeper - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bob Newhart Show (1972–1978): Season 5, Episode 1 - Enter Mrs. Peeper - full transcript 
 Bob's college roommate (The Peeper) is back but surprises Bob and Emily by bringing his new wife as well. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Boy, you have to be an atomic scientist to change a typewriter ribbon these days. Any fool can do that. It's easy. There. There you go. Why thanks, fool, but I was trying to put it in. Then you're going to have to get an atomic scientist. I just extract them. - Hi, Bob. - Hi, Jerry. Oh, gee, Bob, your aftershave smells like "eau de garage". I was filling my car at one of those self-service gas stations, I got gasoline all over me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's very stylish. You know, I was trying to save some money. It said buy nine gallons, and the tenth is on us. Well, your tenth is on you. Is there coffee, Carol? Oh, yeah, Bob. I just made some. Don't forget to add some STP. Sorry. Sorry. Singing telegram for Dr. Hartley. He's the compact model over by the coffee. I'm Dr. Hartley. A birthday message for you. It's... it's not my birthday. Oh, yeah. That's Sigowitz. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm Hartley. Dr. Robert Hartley. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Here we are. Here we are. It's from your friend, Cliff Murdock. Oh, the Peeper. I think it's pronounced "Murdock." ♪ Your friend Cliff Murdock The Peeper's coming ♪ ♪ to Chicago pretty soon ♪ ♪ He's looking forward to seeing you and Emily ♪ ♪ Arriving the night of the Fourth ♪ ♪ Don't go to any trouble ♪ ♪ He'll be bringing a surprise ♪ ♪ Da da da da ♪ Don't do that, lady. You'll get in trouble with the union. What a stupid telegram. Where's your sense of humor? That's very funny. And there's a P.S. Oh, lay it on me. I can't wait. ♪ P.S. This is C.O.D. You owe 12 bucks ♪ Now that's funny. If you're trying to hang yourself, it won't work with a bucket. Just checking something out. Could you check out one of these? Oh, yeah. Thanks. Oh, have I got great news for you. Oh, I could use some great news. Olive Sweeney got sick and I had to take her class on a nature outing. Do you have any idea what crawls around under rocks, Bob? Do you want to hear my great news, or not? Icky, slimy white things. Blech! I'll go tell Howard my great news. Oh, I'm sorry, honey. What's your great news? The Peeper's coming to Chicago. That is great news. When's the lucky day? Tonight. Our cup runneth over. Bob, what are you doing? I'm filling the bucket with water, so I can put it on top of the door, and then it will fall on the Peep when he walks it. Why? Because it's funny. Who's going to clean up the mess? You do. Yeah, that makes it funny. Emily, he said he was bringing a surprise. Now, that can only mean a practical joke. I've got to find something to top him. I've got it, Bob. Let's leave, and when he gets here, we won't be here. You don't like the Peeper, do you? Well, I find it hard to identify with a 45 year-old man who puts sneezing powder in my compact. I'd forgotten that. See, that's the great thing about the Peeper. You know it's going to happen, But you don't know when. Kinda like death? Come in, Howard. Oh, thanks, Bob. I need your help. I'm entering a contest to find a jingle for our airlines, and I need a rhyme for landing gear. Um, have a beer. Thanks. Now, about that rhyme for "landing gear"? "Have a beer" rhymes with landing gear. That's right, it does. I need one more. Shut the door. That's good, too. What do you have so far, Howard? Landing gear, landing gear, landing gear, have a beer, shut the door. - Good. - I like it. Thank you. You know, maybe I could electrify the door knob. I mean, the Peeper would get a charge out of that. Bob, why don't you just hit him in the face with a pie and get it over with? Emily, you know, in your scattershot way, you may have come up with something good. Do you know, I have never hit Cliff Murdock with a pie? Cliff Murdock, the Snipper? The Peeper. He's coming to town? In a few minutes. You're going to hit him with a pie? Don't you think that's kind of corny? It's not corny, it's funny. Well, wouldn't it be funny if you just served it to him on a plate and didn't give him a fork? That's not funny. Why don't you bake him a cement pie, and then when he bites into it, he'll break his teeth? A practical joke is either funny, or it isn't funny. Oh, it's a practical joke. You mean like the time you and the Winker, you nailed my door shut, and I walked into it and broke my nose? Exactly. Ah, I get it. If you break your teeth, it's not funny. And if you break your nose, it is. Can't wait to see what the surprise that the Peep has. How long are you going to stand by that door? As long as it takes. The secret of a great practical joke is patience. Man's voice: Hey, hey, hey! - It's him. - Welcome to juvenile jury. Man's voice: Have I got a surprise for you. Let's see what it is. Hi, Bob. I'd like to have you meet my new wife, Corrine. She's the one with the pie all over her face. Nice to meet you, Corrine. I've heard so much about you. Bob, this is for you. What's this? Cubs and Reds? Wow! Hey, Bob got us those tickets. Yeah, a guy just dropped them off. Baseball at Wrigley field, huh? That's something else. Yeah, sitting there in your shirt sleeves in the bleachers, summer sun. Hot beer in your hand, a cold hot dog in your lap. That's America to me. Yeah. That Bob Hartley's one hell of a guy. He's what friendship is all about. He's America to me. Hi, Carol. Hi, Jerry. Hi, Bob. Bob, you are a prince. What do you mean? I guess you know what I mean. I guess I do. Look what just arrived. Oh, great. The tickets. Oh, the Peeper's going to love this game. Yes. There's just the two tickets there. Yeah, I know. You're a Communist. Didn't he just say I was a prince? Well, now you're the prince of Russia. Is this the seventh floor? Ah, Peep, congratulations. Aw, thanks, Carol. It's not that big a thing. I've found the seventh floor before. - Hey, hey, hey. - Hey, hey, hey. I never saw two guys get along the way you do. Well, we're buddies. You know, pals. We're... one, two, three, four. - ♪ Me and my... ♪ - Come on, Peep. Come on, Bob. Like in the old days. ♪ And my shadow ♪ I'll hold your calls, Bob. ♪ Me and my shadow ♪ ♪ No one else to tell our troubles to ♪ Two grown men. ♪ And when it's 12:00 ♪ ♪ We climb the stairs ♪ ♪ We never knock ♪ ♪ 'Cause nobody's there ♪ ♪ Just me and my shadow ♪ All alone and feeling blue Yes, sir. All alone and feeling blue I'm going to... must be my phone. Dr. Bob Hartley, ladies and gentlemen. Vaudeville's not dead, folks. It's just wounded. Hey, maybe we should do that routine for Emily and Corrine. Maybe... Maybe we shouldn't. Corrine would love it. What do you think of her? Isn't she wonderful? You know, she's changed my life. Before I married her, I was single. Yeah, she's very nice. She loves you, Bob. You know, even though the color did wash out of her hair from the banana cream pie. Yeah, I'm sorry about that. I should have used lemon meringue, like you did. Say, you know, that pie gave me a great idea, Bob. We're going to serve it in our restaurant. What restaurant is that? A fish restaurant we're opening in Maine. Me and Corrine. You're too much. A fish restaurant in Maine? What's so funny about that? Well, aren't there already a lot of fish restaurants in Maine? Well, maybe, but you've got to give the people what they want, and in Maine, they want fish. They even have a senator named Muskie. Boy, have I got an afternoon planned for us. First, we see the Reds and the Cubs. Get a little pizza, get a little blato, and talk over old times. Oh, I can't today. I'm meeting Corrine at a restaurant supply house. They've got a new computerized oyster opener they say is out of this world. Peep, the Reds and the Cubs. It's gotta be terrific. Well, maybe next time. Listen, I just came down to tell you that we want to have dinner with you guys tonight. You know, I want you and Emily to get to know Corrine. Sure, sure. Well, how about lunch? You know, just the two of us. Me and my shad... - No lunch for me. - Oh. I'm trying to lose a couple of pounds, you know. Gonna trim down for the little lady. You could stand to lose a few yourself, Bob. You look like you've got a beach ball under your shirt there. I just need a little exercise. Well, I've got the one that will do the trick. - Oh, yeah? - Yeah. Get down on your hands and knees here. Go ahead, right there on the floor, like you're going to do a push-up or something. Just... Okay, now lift your left arm and your right leg. Like this? Perfect. Now, bark. Do you see the prices on this menu? No wonder it's called St. Mark tower. I'm the mark. Bob, your best friend just got married. The least you can do is show him a good time without worrying about how much it's going to cost. What's this sudden turn around? I thought you didn't like him. Well, I like him since he married Corrine. She's terrific. I don't know why we just couldn't have pizza. I mean, Peep likes pizza. I like pizza. Pizza's perfect. Oh, great idea coming here, Emily. He's a super dancer. Yeah, I put the cha in the cha cha cha. The trouble is, you put it right in that waltz. Well, nobody's perfect. Pizza's perfect. Clifford's perfect. I haven't heard anybody call you Clifford since... Mary Beth Mosley. Who? An old girlfriend of his back in college. Well, she wasn't exactly old and she wasn't exactly a friend. Was she a girl? See, that's not the point. One night, Cliff and I took her and her roommate out to a drive-in movie. And we pulled the greatest practical joke we have ever pulled. You must have been proud. Yeah. Did I tell you how Corrine and I got together? No, but I think now would be a good time. See, we had the girls go to the refreshment stand to pick up some popcorn. Right? Yeah. Uh... see, Corrine was the head librarian in the Montpelier free library. Oh, Clifford, you mustn't brag about me. I wasn't the head librarian. I was the only librarian. They only had 300 books. So anyway, while the girls are gone, we take off all our clothes, and put pumpkins on our heads. Good, Bob. You can imagine what we looked like. We couldn't stop laughing. Good evening, may I take your order? I'm in the middle of a story. Right. Now, the original plan was... I'm getting kind of hungry. - Yeah, me, too. - Me, too. See, the original plan was to hide under the car and leap out at the girls. But you know something? It is physically impossible to crawl under a 1949 Studebaker with a pumpkin on your head. I didn't know that. So, you and Cliff are both from Montpelier? Oh, she was originally from Seattle. You're kidding? I'm from Seattle. Really? You know those heaters that they put inside cars to dry them? I haven't been there in a long time. Oh, I bet it's still raining. Accidentally, I bump into Cliff and it singes his pumpkin, remember? Huh? Yep. Seattle is where Corrine learned all about fish. And pretty soon, the pumpkin fumes are filling the car. Have you finished your story yet? I'm just getting to the best part. Well, I wanted you to know that we just ran out of calves' brains. No sweat. So anyway, the girls come back and they see two guys sitting there naked without any clothes on with one pumpkin on the head burning and smoke billowing out. That is my favorite story. Yeah, mine, too. Excuse me, Bob. They're playing our song. Oh, "Moonlight in Vermont". Shall we trip the light fantastic? No, let's just dance. Oh, good story, Bob. I'm going to powder my nose. You know, pumpkin fumes can be deadly. Well, the windows were all open and there wasn't a lot of smoke. I guess over the years we tend to embellish our stories a little bit. Yeah, we weren't really naked. We had our shorts on. Kinda figured that. You really didn't have pumpkins on your heads, did you? No. The girls never came back from the refreshment stand. Imagine, Corrine coming from Seattle. Yeah, imagine. We practically grew up next door to each other. Great. She is a terrific girl. She's swell. You don't like her, do you? Yeah, she's fine, except she's a little pushy. The way she dominates a conversation she isn't interested in. I don't know if you noticed tonight, but she constantly interrupted my story. Frankly, I consider that a plus. I'm going to bed. Oh, honey, why are you in such a lousy mood? I'm not in a lousy mood considering I just blew 100 bucks at a restaurant that didn't even have calves' brains. Well, I had a terrific time. So did Cliff, and so did Corrine. You know, I don't know what he sees in her. I know why you don't like her. You think she's coming between you and Cliff. That is ridiculous. Cliff and I are like Paul Newman and Robert Redford in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. Talk about your absurd comparisons. All right, then The Sting. Not even close. More like Mickey Rooney and Ernest Borgnine. Don't push it, Emily. Oh, honey. You just feel left out. I do not. I know how you feel. I felt the same way when you and Cliff were together. That is just not true. Oh, remember when you two filled Jerry's spit sink with Jello? Did you ask me to be part of it? When you went and you knocked on apartment doors and you ran, did you ask me to be part of it? No. Well, knocking on doors and running is a man's sport. If you'd gotten caught, you probably would have turned us in. And where were you yesterday afternoon? I went to the baseball game with Bob. He said it was okay. You what? Jerry, what a fabulous game. If you enjoyed it so much, why didn't you get season tickets? I wouldn't have time. I work all day. I think I can solve that problem. Oh, hi, Jerry. Carol, have my two tickets to the completely sold out John Denver, Frank Sinatra, Neil Diamond, Count Basie, Ella Fitzgerald, Fred Astaire concert arrived as yet? No, but your shirts are ready. When the two tickets to that once-in-a-lifetime concert do arrive, kindly let me know. I want to invite my best and dearest friend in the world, Bernard J. Tupperman to accompany me. Jerry, I looked for you when I heard the Peep couldn't go to the game, but they said you had gone to lunch. I'm sorry if you're upset. Forget it, Bob. I'm not upset. Anyway, you didn't miss anything. It was just a baseball game. Right. There's nothing unusual about an 11 inning, 15-14 game. It was the two triple plays that made it unusual. You're both Communists. Hey, hey, hey. Hey. Hey, two heys short. Hey, hey. Thanks, Carol. What brings you here? I was in the neighborhood looking at some bun warmers for the restaurant. I thought you might like to have lunch. You and me and Corrine? You don't like her, do you, Bob? No, she's fine. She's very attractive for an ex-librarian. I understand. When you married Emily, I didn't like her, either. You didn't? Well, she's kinda pushy. Are you talking about my Emily? Emily Hartley? Yeah. And she has no sense of humor. She's a stick in the mud. She has a great sense of humor. She laughs at everything. I've seen people sucking lemons smile more. You know the party bit I do where I put my shoes on the wrong feet and wear my coat backwards? She always breaks up at that. Yeah, I've heard it. It's a forced laugh. She could hardly breathe last night when I told that pumpkin story. I didn't hear her laugh. Well, rough. She was rolling in the aisle. She's a sourpuss. I hate her. Hate? You hate... you hate her? That's an awful strong word, hate. Well, it fits. How can you say that? You ate her cooking. She let you sleep in our garage. Bob, I love Emily. Well, I wish you'd make up your mind. I've always loved Emily. First of all, because you love her. Second of all, because I love her. But you get the point, don't you, Bob? Yeah, you hate my wife. I love your wife, and I want you to love my wife, too. Well, I like her. And I'm sure in time, I'll grow to love her. And I'm sorry if I offended you. Bob, love means never having to say your sorry. When you married Emily, our friendship didn't end, and it's not going to end now. Yeah, you're right. We're... we're a team. Like, um... Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. Or, um... Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson. I was thinking more Robert Redford and Mickey Rooney. That's kind of ludicrous, Bob. Yeah, you're much taller than Mickey. - Let's have some lunch. - What time is it? 12:00. Well, when it's 12:00 ♪ We climb the stairs ♪ ♪ We never knock ♪ Are you sure that's the way you do it? Yeah, I saw Bob trying it out. You see, you put the bucket up on top of the door, then when somebody opens the door, it falls on their head. Is it funny? It's supposed to be. Well, I don't get it. Me, neither. Howard: Anybody home? Oh, Howard. Howard, don't come in? I've gotta come in. I've gotta sing Bob my jingle. Hey, where is Bob? He's not home yet. Oh, well, then I'll say my jingle. Fly me to the moon, we leave the Sixth of June. Unless we got fogged in, then we leave the Seventh. It's a beauty, Howard. Thanks. I had a hard time getting "fogged in" to rhyme with "the Seventh". I'll see you later, uh... Crocodile. Are you sure you use a bucket? Yeah, Bob says it's not funny unless you use a bucket. Wait a minute, I think I hear the elevator. Uh-oh, that must be them. Come on. I'm dying to see how they react when the joke's on them. Hey, hey, hey. Hi, Emily. Hi, honey. Hi, Clifford. Uh, where's Bob? He's right behind me. I'm going to wash up. Well, what have you two been up to? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Well, I'm starved. I'm going to change. By the way, it's impossible to close that door with that bucket stuck on top. That's why I hate practical jokes. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 