The Bob Newhart Show: Season 5, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bob Newhart Show 
 s5e7 - Send This Boy to Camp - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bob Newhart Show (1972–1978): Season 5, Episode 7 - Send This Boy to Camp - full transcript 
 Howard's son is going to camp and we learn that Bob never went to camp - only summer school. Meanwhile, Jerry is trying to raise money for orphans and Carol suggests that Bob, Jerry and Howard take the kids camping. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Hi, honey. - Hi, dear. Why are you sewing name tapes in my shorts? So you can find your own clothes at the orgy. Besides, these aren't your shorts. H. Borden II. Howard Borden the second. These are little Howie's. He's going to camp. Why doesn't Howard sew them on? He says he's all thumbs when it comes to sewing. He's all thumbs when it comes to living. Hi, Emily. Are you finished? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Howard, why don't you ever ring the doorbell? I'm all thumbs when it comes to doorbells. Are you done with Howie's shorts? I would be if his name were shorter. My name is Borden. Why would I name him Howie Shorter? The man has a point, Emily. Sending him to Camp Minihaha. That's Indian for "little haha". Here's the... the brochure here. Oh, yeah. Oh, highlights of our crafts program include folk dancing and macrame. In addition, each camper must compose his own sonnet. Kids have to learn to compose their own sonnets sooner or later. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Camp has sure changed since I was a kid. - You're telling me. - Bob, I didn't know you went to camp. I didn't, but I'm sure it's changed. There's nothing like camp. I spent six summers climbing mountains, paddling canoes, camping. Yeah, I loved camping. I learned to swim and sail and ride horses. Yeah. I, um... I went to summer school. You mean you really never went to camp? Well, camp was like summer school. - How? - Yeah, how? It is was in the summer time and it was... It was camp-like. Oh, Bob, you don't know what you missed. That's nothing more exciting than pitching a tent in the middle of a storm. Yeah, roughing it in the wilderness for days at a time. Reducing fractions was pretty exciting. It's just as well you never went to camp, Bob. You're really not the type. I've written sonnets, Emily. Bob, a man who cannot find his car in a parking lot when he comes out of the supermarket is not exactly Robinson Crusoe. That's no indication of resourcefulness. I'm sure I'm perfectly capable of surviving in the wild if I had to. What are we having for dinner? Whatever you want, Daniel Boone. You kill it, I'll cook it. Bang. I shot a roast. Dear Freddie, determining someone's sanity is an extremely complicated matter, however, I do agree your uncle is crazy if he doesn't send you $5 for your birthday. Love, Uncle Bob. Cute. You want me to enclose the $5? No, I'll write him a check. Ah-ah-ah! Hold it right there fellow charity-giver. Jerry, you're the only man I know who can hear a checkbook being opened. Yes, sir, yes! It's time once again for the annual Greater Cook County Orphanage Fund Drive! You mean it's been a whole year since we opened our hearts and pocketbooks? Carol, you don't know what it's like in an orphanage. Here comes the watery gruel speech. Eating watery gruel from a wooden bowl. Sleeping on straw mats. Working 14 hours a day in a sweatshop. Doing what? Sweating. You know, Jerry, every time you tell that story you embellish it. Wooden bowls, straw mats, sweat... But the gruel was watery. Who wants lumpy gruel? Okay, go ahead and laugh, but these kids need money. As a matter of fact they need a lot more than that. Uh-oh. He's going to ask for our jewelry. I'll take whatever you got. We'll take money, jewelry, small appliances. We have an old pop-up toaster. Don't try and get out of this, Bob. $5 for orphans! You're a regular Simon LeGruel. Jerry, I think we can give them more than money. We should give them our time, our talent. That's a great idea. Jerry can take care of their teeth, you can listen to their problems, and I can type up their expense accounts. - Hi, Howard. - Hi. - Hi, Howard. - Hi. - Hi, Howard. - Hi. Now that the social amenities are out of the way, what do you want? I just stopped by to say hi. Hi! I did it. I dropped little Howie off at the bus terminal. He's on his way to camp. Howard, as long as you're thinking about kids, how about some money for your good orphan pals? Oh, yeah. Okay. Here we are. Boy, you should have seen him on that bus. He was so excited. You don't need that watch, do you, Howard? Oh, yeah. I sure envy, Howard. If I was three feet shorter, I would have gone with him. Maybe next year. You should have seen those kids, with their tents and their knapsacks and their sleeping bags. Orphans never get to go camping. Excuse me for having a truly brilliant idea here, but why don't you guys take some orphans camping? That's not a bad idea. That's a great idea. We could take orphans camping this weekend. It's okay with me if it's okay with their parents. Excuse me, I'm going to slip out and get a net. What do you say, Howard? How about the three of us take some kids camping this weekend? Well, just the two of us. Bob doesn't know anything about camping. I know enough. Can you mark a trail with broken twigs? Do you know how to read a compass? Can you find your way by looking at the stars? - No. - Well, what can you do? I could pay a third of the cost. Good enough, Camper Bob! Huh, Mr. Perlmutter. He was in charge of the orphanage when I was here. He's the man that gave you your first bowl of gruel? I was an infant, Bob. It was a bottle of gruel. Yeah, old Mr. Perlmutter. Wait till you see him. Big strapping guy with a lot of curly hair and a voice like a wounded bear. Mr. Perlmutter. Great to see you again. You haven't changed a bit. Who are you? I'm Jerry Robinson. I left in 1956. I'm afraid your bed is taken. What year did you leave? I never left. Well, don't give up hope. There's a potential parent for everyone. I'm Robert Hartley. Dr. Hartley. Well, with a degree you have an even better chance. No, no. We talked to you about maybe taking some orphans camping. Oh. Oh, yes. I don't know about that, letting my boys go off with a couple of strangers. We thought some of the boys might enjoy going camping over the weekend. - Why? - Why? When I was here we never got to leave this place. Oh, I remember you now. Robinson the Complainer. You were the one who always insisted on having your steak medium rare. Steak? I thought it was a bowl of gruel. Okay, we had steak, but we never had sour cream with our baked potatoes. All right, all right. I'll go and round up a couple of the boys and we'll see how they feel about this camping business. Nice to meet you, Dr. Hartley. Nice to meet you, Dr. Perlmutter. What kind of a doctor are you? I'm a psychologist. I can't understand it. Psychologists are usually adopted like that. What do you think? Robinson the Complainer, huh? It's funny how traits you pick up as a kid you carry through all your life. It's not easy being an orphan. Stop complaining. When the kids get here, let me do all the talking. Orphans trust orphans. They're a strange breed. I've noticed. Here we are. Gentlemen, I'd like you to meet the Dorigo twins. That's Phil Dorigo and Wally Carson. You said they were twins. Yeah, well, we're not exactly identical. The boys are very close. They feel like brothers. Wally says we're all brothers. That's a good thought, Wally. - Thanks. - I was talking to Wally. Wally doesn't just talk to anybody. Let me handle this, Bob. They can tell you're not an orphan. By the way, Robinson, my secretary checked the records, you signed out a tetherball in 1949. It was never returned. Mr. Perlmutter, that wasn't me. That was my twin brother Marty Callahan. Then we'll find Callahan. I hear he died. Well, he didn't take it with him. Wally wants to know just what's cooking? Here's our plan... Let me handle this, Bob. What's cooking? Eggs and bacon over an open fire, pork and beans right out of the can, and wieners... Get this... on a stick! Who are you? You handle it, Bob. We thought you might enjoy going camping. You know, cooking out of doors, sleeping in the wilderness, swimming, hiking... the works. I like it, but Wally doesn't. I didn't hear Wally say anything. Wally talks softly. And he carries a big stick. Wally doesn't get it. That's just a historical reference to Teddy Roosevelt. That was his motto. How about it, guys? You want to come camping or not? Wally wants a caucus. Think they want to go, Jer? They're not going to want to do anything if you keep bringing up these vague historical references. It wasn't that vague. It got Teddy Roosevelt elected. Okay, Wally's decided. We're going to pass. Maybe next time, okay? Well, it was nice meeting you guys. Wait, wait, wait. Bob wants to have a caucus. Jerry, they said they didn't want to go. That's what they're saying, but that's not their meaning. I'm going to go and talk to them orphan to orphan to orphan. I think I can turn them around. Okay, Wally changed his mind. We'll go. That's sensational. It was easy. Here you go, Wally. You owe Phil $20. - Hi, Carol. - Hi, Bob. Any messages? Sure. The last of the Mohicans called. He wants to borrow a cup of venison. Hi, ho, Camper Bob! Well, it's the second to the last of the Mohicans. Did you get everything on your list? - I think so. - Good. I rented the sleeping bags, the tents, the lantern, the camp stool, the air mattresses, pick and shovel, the ground sheets and the camp stools. Great. I got the hamburger buns. How's it going, guys? The hats prove it. Ninnies of a feather flock together. Howard, you were supposed to get mosquito netting. I got a life raft instead. Any particular reason? Impulse buying. And we get to go camping with this man. I'm going to lunch forever. Let's go, guys. Let's go rent our camper. Hey, you guys don't believe this, but this is going to come in handy. Look at this, it's got a handle and everything. - Going down? - Take the next boat. Camper Bob is almost ready to leave. Just a minute, CB. I have a special treat for you and the boys. I made a quart of gorp. What's gorp? It's what mountain climbers eat. Why? Because it's there. It's high protein, Bob. I can't believe you never heard of gorp. I feel like an idiot. Honey, I'm really worried about you on this camping trip. You don't have to worry about me, Emily. Just show me how to wind the compass. Honey, would you mind if I gave you a few pointers? You know, just to make your trip more pleasurable? I got my gorp. What more do I need? Bob, pay attention, because you should know a few answers to some very simple questions. Now, number one, what would you do if a rattlesnake bit? Die. Bob, I'm serious. You cut an X with your knife and then you suck out the poison. Out of the victim or out of the snake? Oh, Bob. What would you do if you went swimming and you got a cramp in your leg? Die. You would relax and float and try and massage the cramp. Now, what would happen if you happened to walk into quicksand? I got to try one more time, Emily. Die. You try not to struggle and you reach for the nearest branch. What if there isn't a branch? Then you die. And you thought I didn't know anything about camping. Just in case I have to come to the rescue, Bob, where's your camp site? My camp site, Emily? My camp site is under the stars wherever I hang my sleeping bag. You did reserve a camp site, didn't you, Bob? Reserve a camp site, why? Are you serious? Oh, Bob! You can't just waltz into a state park on a weekend in the middle of the summer and expect to find an available camp site. They're booked months in advance. I'll tip a bear and he'll let me in. Hello? Park service, could you tell me where the nearest available camp site is this weekend? Thank you. Green Bay, Wisconsin. How do they know that? They checked their computers. That's a lot of gorp. [knocking on door] Jerry: We're here! - Come on in. - Emily: Hi, fellas! Emily, I want you to meet my orphan pals Phil and Wally. It's a pleasure to meet both of you. Wally says, "Charmed, I'm sure". I'm charmed, too. Bob, I still think you're crazy. The parks are filled. - Filled with what? - Filled with people. Bob forgot to reserve a camp site. There are a lot more parks. We'll go to one that isn't filled. We better, because you're not getting your $20 back. Bob, if you insist on going, you better take this with you. It's my Swiss Army knife. It's got a bottle opener, a can opener, a shoe horn, a ballpoint pen, needle, and a thread, and a spoon and a fork. No wonder they call it a knife. Just in case you get lost, Bob, here's our phone number. All right, Emily, that's it. For once and for all, I'm going to prove to you I can survive by my wits. I want you to take our telephone number and keep your Swiss Army Knife. We don't need any gadgets. What you're about to see is what made this country great. Three men, two boys, alone in the wilderness, roughing it for their survival. I forgot my Waterpik. Wally wants to know where the wilderness is. Um, see over there? You mean the gas station? No, more to the left. Past the gas station. See that tree? Yeah. Think of it as a little park. This is dumb. I have to agree with them, Bob. Just use your imagination. Imagine that those telephone poles are trees in the forest and the pavement here is a bed of pine needles and the tall buildings are mountains looming on the horizon. - What do you think? - I think we're in a parking lot. All right, be miserable. I'm going to sit down and enjoy the sounds of the wilderness. [horns honking] Listen, there's a covey of cars headed south for the winter. Hey, what a break. I found an all-night Laundromat. It's only 12 extension cords from here. What do you need electricity for? r? r? For my popcorn machine. Bob, can I talk to you for a minute just in private? Sure. What is it? Wally thinks this is really boring. What do you think? I got to go along with my brother. It isn't boring if you don't let it be. I brought along a songbook. We'll have a sing-a-long. Why don't we just tap-dance around in the parking lot here? If you don't want to sing, we'll tell ghost stories. All right, but don't make it too scary. It was a dark and windy night. Oh, no! Not that one! The haunted house high on the hill was shrouded in a mist. No, no, no! Not mist! You guys want to hear a real horror story? The ignition keys are locked in the camper. Is this the one where the guy turns into a bat? I mean it, Howard. The keys are locked in the camper. The only way we're gonna get home is to hitchhike. I'm all thumbs when it comes to hitchhiking. Forget about the camper. This is a perfect test of our ability to survive. Just us guys. All for one, and one for all. Let's sing "The Happy Wanderer." ♪ Val-de-ri, val-de-rah ♪ Come on, everybody. ♪ Val-de-ri, val-de-rah ♪ ♪ ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ♪ ♪ Val... ♪ They love that song in Switzerland. You need a bass? What are you doing here? Oh, Howard called me from the Laundromat. He forgot his electric blanket. Too late, I'm leaving. Emily, Bob locked the keys in the camper, so you have to give us a ride home. Yeah. Uh, well, what about you, Bob? You had enough? Never. I'm in the middle of my camping trip. How about you and gabby? Well, I don't know. Caucus. Oh, come on, Bob, give it up. Never. I mean, if Lewis and Clark had given up, they'd be forgotten men. Who's Lewis and Clark? Goodnight, Howard. So long, Bob. Thanks for the worst camping trip I have ever been on. Jerry, I saw that tetherball in your apartment. You better return it or I'm gonna report you to the orphanage. Wally says we stay. Why? Because Bob will never survive without us. All right. I'll come check on you tomorrow. You think that Lewis and Clark's wives came to check on them in the morning? Lewis and Clark did not lock their keys in the covered wagon. - Goodnight, Emily. - Goodnight, sweetheart. Goodnight, fellas. Goodnight. Look, you guys don't have to stay. I know it hasn't been much of a camping trip. Yeah, we know. But we just figure what the heck. Things were too soft in the orphanage. May as well get comfortable. It is... It is kind of nice here, though. Quiet. Peaceful. Oh! Look there. That's the North Star. I think that's the Wrigley building. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. It's nice, though. ♪ Val-de-ri ♪ ♪ Val-de-rah ♪ Both: ♪ Val-de-ri ♪ All: ♪ Val-de-rah ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ♪ ♪ Val-de-re Val-de-rah ♪ ♪ We sing our happy song ♪ Morning. Well, if it isn't Lewis and Clark and the Hunchback of Notre Dame. How was your evening? Terrific. Nothing like a goodnight's sleep on a life raft, concrete, to lift a man's spirits. What do you want for breakfast? Breakfast, Emily? Is that what you think we came here for? To get breakfast and admit defeat? Wally will have bacon and eggs. And pancakes. Heavy on the syrup. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 