Big City Greens: Season 2, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Big City Greens 
 s2e11 - Desserted/The Gifted - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Big City Greens (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 11 - Desserted/The Gifted - full transcript 
 Cricket treats his family to a dinner, but Bill worries over how he's going to pay for it. Thinking Bill is lying about Cricket's Father's Day gifts and thinks they're terrible, Tilly tries to prove him wrong. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ [theme song plays] ♪ One, two One, two, three, four ♪ [vocalizing] [chicken clucks] Gah! Whoa! [grunts] Upsy daisy, Gramma! C'mon, family! Follow the sound of my voice! [Gramma] Where the heck are you takin' us? This way now, not much further! [Cricket] Okay! Take off your blindfolds! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [gasping] Welcome to the best family eatery in Big City! Crispy's! [folksy music plays] - Yeah! - Yeah! Isn't it wonderful? Yes, but what are we doing here, brother? We're eatin' dinner! And I'm buyin'! Tonight we feast like kings. - Wow! - Well, hot chow! Table for five please, Madam-gazelle. Sure thing! We'll buzz you when your table's ready. I'm sorry, did you say you're buying dinner? Well, yeah. Every kid dreams 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 about taking their family out for a nice meal! But no ordinary kid can pull it off. Fortunately, Cricket Green ain't no ordinary kid! - You got that right! - You got that right. Well, I don't care who's paying for dinner as long as it ain't me! That's mighty kind of you, brother. - [buzzing] - Huh? It's a bomb! Hit the deck! [buzzing] Oh, hello, you must be my table for five! My name's Gina, and I'll be your waitress. But think of me more as your friend! Well, lead the way, Gina ol' pal. Hey, wait! Am I really the only one who thinks Cricket paying for dinner is, heh, completely weird? [all] Yep! Good. I'm glad I'm the only one who feels this way. So, what can I get you today? Look at all the choices! With all these options, we'll never decide! We don't have to decide! We'll order it all! Gina, put us down 15 racks of ribs, three dozen chicken tenders, five crispy chocolate milkshakes, a kiddy pool of popcorn shrimp, four dozen crispy eggs, scrambled and dry, please. And what the heck, a trough of crispy seasoned french fries! Anything else for ya? You want something special, big guy? I'm not hungry. Interesting... because am I wrong, or have you been staring at that bacon cheeseburger since we sat down? It has... caught my eye. And this guy will have one bacon cheeseburger! What, no! Cancel that! No bacon cheeseburger! Aw, he's just fussy 'cause he hasn't eaten yet. - He'll take two! - Cricket, stop! Three it is! Wanna go for four, mister? This doesn't make any sense! We can't afford all this food! How could Cricket pay for all of it?! Hey, are you going to be like this all night? Cricket's trying to do something nice. Can you get on board? Thank you, Mother. [sighs] You're right. I'm sorry, son. I'll take one bacon cheeseburger. All righty-tight-tighty then! Your food will be out in a jiff! There we go. Enjoy yourself! Hear hear for Cricket! Provider of crispy foods and goodwill! - To Cricket! - To Cricket! To Cricket! Ah, what the heck. To me! - Ha ha! - Okay! - [Cricket] Oh, wow! - [Bill burps] What a meal! I'm in a world of shrimpy bliss. And how's this all tasting, friends? It tasted great! But you already knew that, didn't ya, Gina, you sly dog! Anybody in the mood for some dessert? Ohh, dessert sounds good. What do y'all say? I couldn't eat another bite! I'm gonna have to pass on the sug', sug'. Boy, y'all ate so much, it looks like you forgot to save room for dessert. Heh heh. Uh, hey, Gina. [whispering] Oh! You got it! Coming right up! What'd you order, son? Oh, just a li'l ice cream. That sounds excellent, brother. I hope you enjoy it. [thud] Well, I hope we all enjoy it. We're gonna have to. Whaddaya mean by that, son? - [lights click] - [rhythmic clapping] ♪ Yippie yippie hoo-ray, it's too good to be true ♪ ♪ The Crispy's Sundae Challenge is on its way to you ♪ - ♪ Here's a little secret ♪ - ♪ You didn't hear from me ♪ ♪ If you beat our challenge, your family eats for ♪ [harmonizing] ♪ Free, free, free ♪ [deep voice] ♪ Free! ♪ Family eats for free?! What did you do, Cricket?! Settle down, Dad, it's really not a big... [rapping ♪ Brace yourselves, 'cause this challenge is cold ♪ ♪ 50 pounds of ice cream in a plastic bowl ♪ ♪ Whipped cream, bananas, and a mountain of dairy ♪ - ♪ Ya gotta eat it all ♪ - ♪ Yeah, even the cherries ♪ ♪ Only one hour to devour the 'dae ♪ ♪ So you better scarf it down if you don't wanna pay ♪ Alrighty, and your one hour starts... now. Enjoy! Mmmm, welp! Let's dig in! Come on, Dad, you can't eat ice cream without a spoon. This is how you were planning on paying for everything? Cricket, if this was your plan, why didn't you tell us? We're too full! Well, I didn't want you holding back on dinner! Besides, there's always room for ice cream! Now I've heard enough of this. I'm just gonna pay for dinner and get us out of... this. Cricket, where's my money? Well, I knew you wouldn't go through with my brilliant plan to treat y'all if you knew all the steps, so I replaced all your money with Cricket Bucks! They have no monetary value. Boy, have you lost your mind?! All we have to do is eat some ice cream. Ice cream's not a problem, it's a treat! Looks like Cricket's left us with no other option! So we're gonna have to eat our way outta this mess. That's the spirit! All right, everyone, dig in. I've found with a slow and methodical approach any challenge can be overcome. It won't work, Tilly! We gotta eat fast, too! Oh, right! Hm? B-b-brain freeze! Forget the spoon. I only require my fists! Yah! Yah! Yah! There ain't a frosted treat in the world too tough for Alice Gree... - Aaaah! - Yeah, I'm out. Ugh, I need a breather. Okay, just means more for me! Ahhhh... huh? [thinking] Huh. That's odd. My body can't seem to eat any more ice cream. Hmm. If we can't finish all this ice cream, that means I didn't actually treat my family to a meal. Hmm... Oh! Gina! Gene-meister! Gina-tina-bobina. Hey, since we're friends, you're cool with cutting us some slack on this challenge, right? We don't need to eat it all. No one is exempt from the Official Crispy Rules. But you're just saying this as a formality, right, buddy? [menacing] No one breaks the Crispy rules. [nervous chuckle] Yeah, I know. Just seein' if you knew. Okay, have fun. Yeesh. Some friend. [Tilly] Cricket? Were you talking to someone? I can't hear anything on account of Gramma's moans of agony. [mumbling moans of agony] Oh, curse this Crispy's rule book! [gasp] Rules! That's it! If there's this many rules, there's bound to be a loophole somewhere! Let's see, let's see. Aha! "If the sundae is contaminated, then it must be thrown out!" - Bingo bango! - [fly buzzing] [menacing giggle] Perfect. [fly] Aaaahh! Yes! I mean, uh, excuse me, Gina! I'm oh so afraid that I have found a fly in our sundae! Hmm. Yes, this sundae is contaminated. - I'll take care of it right away! - [snaps] Hup hup hup hup! Hup hup hup hup! I can't believe it, we're freeee! - [rhythmic clapping] - Huh? ♪ A fly died in your sundae ♪ ♪ But stay right where you're sitting ♪ ♪ We're gonna start your challenge ♪ ♪ Back at the beginning! ♪ You see, when a Crispy's Sundae Challenge has been contaminated, it is immediately replaced with a new sundae. Sorry for the inconvenience, sir. Here's a coupon for 5% off your next meal at Crispy's. That's it. I give up. - Yep. - I can't do this, either. Son, I'm disappointed in you. Wait! Sure, my plan was stupid, and I'm sorry for that, but I just wanted to treat my family to a free meal! Isn't that a nice thing? You call this a nice thing? Everybody's miserable! Don't throw up, don't throw up. [gagging] C'mon, Gramma, let's go. Just leave me here to die. This is all because you tried to take a shortcut, but there's just no such thing as a free meal! Speaking of which, I'm gonna go talk to the manager and figure out how we're gonna pay for dinner. Dad, I... Cricket, nice things in life must be earned. How will you earn this? How will I earn this? Come on, champ, you'll never finish in time. Throw in the towel. Uh, did you hear me, bucko? It's quittin' time. - No! - Wha-whuh? I came here to give my family a meal. And now it's time to earn it. Yaaaah! Hyah! [loud chomping] Look at him go! What do you mean you don't have money?! You're a bank! Hey, would you be interested in purchasing this fine leather jacket? Or how about a motorcycle? Or my trailer? I've got a real nice trailer! Fancy these teeth, young man? One of them is gold. It's useless. [customers, chanting] Eat that cream! - Eat that cream! - What is that? - Ooooh! - Wow! Excuse me, pardon me. Now what in the world is...? No, it can't be. Is that... Cricket? [chomps, groans] That boy is destroying himself! Son, you don't have to do this! Yeah, we'll find another way! Kid, listen to your family! If you explode, it'll be horrible publicity for Crispy's! I'll knock 50... No, 75% off your meal if you stop right now! [grunts] My. Family. Eats! Freee! Aaah yaaah! [ethereal singing] [chomp] - [cheering] - You did it! It... it's not possible! No one's ever finished the Crispy's Sundae Challenge! Yeah! Cricket! Easy, easy now. We got ya, son. [groans] Well, now we got ya! Cricket, I have to hand it to ya. You really earned that meal. Ya done good, boy! You really pulled through, Cricket! You're my hero, brother. Eh, thanks, everyone. And I'd just like to say... [belching] Heh, s'cuse me. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 