The Most Dangerous Animal of All: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Most Dangerous Animal of All 
 s1e2 - The Search - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Most Dangerous Animal of All (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Search - full transcript 
 After learning that his father may have been the Zodiac killer, Gary brings The New York Times best-selling true crime author Susan Mustafa into the fold to help uncover more information ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 San Fransisco apparently has a mad killer in its midst. Since last December, five persons have been murdered in the San Francisco area, and in each case, the killer, who calls himself Zodiac, has boasted of the slayings in letters to newspapers. One letter, Zodiac said, "I love killing people." REPORTER 1: Two more communications have been received from the Zodiac. REPORTER 2: One of the letters was signed with the symbol of the Zodiac and written in code. REPORTER 3: "Bates had to die. There will be more." 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 BRYAN HARTNELL: He had this black hood on. Just little slits in the eyes. I did think I was going to die. MARTIN LEE: That little symbol of the circle with the cross in the center of it, this symbolizes the center of the universe. So, this is probably sign of the Zodiac. ♪ ♪ REPORTER: It appears that he is killing just for the thrill of killing. LEE: He's an absolutely ruthless, completely merciless killer. In letters, he claimed 37 murders. Police confirmed at least six. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Then, four years ago, the killing stopped and so did Zodiac's letters. MAN: We're still following tremendous amount of leads, but as far as any specific individual, we're no closer than we were. REPORTER: Four decades later, the search for this serial killer goes on. ♪ ♪ GARY: Why did I stumble across this psycho‐serial killer partway through my journey of looking for my father? I was not the guy who... looked for answers to mysteries. I had a family. I had a commitment to 120 employees at my company. I would much rather go home right now, and go see my son and my grandson and say, "it wasn't us. We don't have that defective gene." LEONA: And Gary was kinda upset to tell us that he thought that his dad was the Zodiac killer. I was really upset about it. It worried us what he would find out 'cause Judy would not tell us anything about him. JUDE: It was so preposterous to me. I don't believe that the San Francisco Police Department were trying to cover up for Rotea because, I can assure you, if Rotea could've solved that crime, he would've solved that crime. ♪ ♪ But, in hindsight, the next time Gary came to San Francisco, we should've gone together to the police department and said, "we gotta have some clarity here." But, that didn't happen. GARY: I often get asked the question, "why? Why, when you first suspected your father was the Zodiac Killer, why didn't you just stop?" Because it was my identity, and it was my story. And regardless of the outcome, I just had to know. ♪ ♪ (theme song) ♪ ♪ I spent years searching for my father before I ever suspected that he was the Zodiac Killer. And as I researched my father's life, I began writing about my journey to find him. It began with a journal, notes that I would take when I would find out something new. Eventually, I had written hundreds of pages, but it only contained maybe two or three pages about the Zodiac Killer. My story was too complicated for me to handle. So, when I went to a friend of mine, looking for a serial killer expert to help me, he says, "boy, have I got the writer for you." (gunshot) ♪ ♪ (gunshot) (gunshot) SUSAN: I've been an investigative journalist for more than 20 years, and I'm the author of several best‐selling true crime books. As a true crime author, you get a lot of people approaching you, wanting to tell this story or that. When Gary Stewart came to me and told me that he believed his father was the Zodiac Killer, I was very skeptical because so many people have come out of the woodwork and claimed that their father was the Zodiac Killer, or this person was, or that person was. This is a case that's 50 years old. I mean, nobody believes it can be solved. But when I read the manuscript, I thought... maybe he was onto something. However, if I wrote this book, and it turned out it wasn't true, then my reputation was ruined. ♪ ♪ But aside from the Zodiac Killer, there were quite a few things that sold me on this project. You had the Ice Cream Romance, Judy and Van running away to New Orleans, abandoning Gary. You had the adoption the story of Gary being left in this stairwell, and then adopted by these wonderful parents. And then, Gary's journey to find his father. It was just too much of a story to resist writing. GARY: When I got Susan to help me write the book, she took the investigation to another level, to a place that I had never dreamed we would go. ♪ ♪ SUSAN: Before I met Gary, he had spent years researching his father, but we needed to investigate further. So, we went to San Francisco to recreate the life of Earl Van Best Jr., and follow the trail of the Zodiac. GARY: So, after serving 90 days in Atascadero State Hospital, and then three years in San Quentin Prison, my father returned to San Francisco and married a third time. Edith Kos was his social worker from San Quentin. I think that marriage was part of his... attempt to be cured of whatever evil he had. (traffic noise) When Edith became pregnant, I'm pretty certain that she never knew anything about my father's past, and that Van had another son who he had thrown away. Before he passed away, my father's best friend, William Lohmus, told me that Van dreaded having another baby. And when Edith gave birth, Van was out of work. Now with a crying baby at home, Van started experimenting with drugs and found an escape in the Summer of Love. ("Liar, Liar" by The Castaways playing) In 1967, San Francisco was transforming. ♪ Liar, liar, pants on fire ♪ ♪ Your nose is longer than a telephone wire... ♪ GARY: People from all over the country were attracted to free love, sex, drugs, the counterculture. ♪ Know it's a lie ♪ ♪ Come kill me, honey, see how I cry ♪ GARY: My father immersed himself into the scene and was hanging out with some very bad people. (screech) ♪ ♪ REPORTER: Robert Beausoleil, a member Charles Manson's so‐called "hippie family," was sentenced to die in a California gas chamber for stabbing a musician to death last year. ♪ ♪ GARY: William Lohmus told me that Van was also hanging out with Anton LaVey, the founder of the Church of Satan. Open wide the gates of Hell. GARY: And as William tells it, my father was fascinated with the occult. ‐Hail Satan. ‐CONGREGATION: Hail Satan. SUSAN: According to William, Van met Anton LaVey at San Francisco City College, where they both studied criminology. Anton was also an accomplished musician, and they bonded over their love of playing the organ. And when Van got out of prison, he became more and more enamored of Anton LaVey's Satanic principles. ♪ ♪ If one were to do a psychological profile on Van, from the hatred of his mother to the abandonment by his father, and as he grew, he became violent towards his wives. It was obvious Van's rage was building, which would inevitably lead him to murder. ♪ ♪ (insects chirping) VAN: Dear editor, this is the murderer of the two teenagers last Christmas at Lake Herman and the girl on the Fourth of July near the golf course in Vallejo. To prove I killed them, I shall state some facts which only I and the police know. ‐(crowd chatter) ‐Christmas. One, brand name of ammo, Super‐X. Two, 10 shots were fired. Three, the boy was on his back with his feet to the car. Four, the girl was on her right side, feet to the west. ‐Fourth of July. ‐(fireworks) One, the girl was wearing patterned slacks. Two, the boy was also shot in the knee. Three, brand name of ammo was Western. ♪ ♪ Here is part of a cipher. I want you to print this cipher on the front page of your paper. In this cipher is my identity. If you do not print this cipher, I will go on a kill rampage Friday night until I end up with a dozen people over the weekend. DUFFY JENNINGS: When the first Zodiac letter came in, it was just something totally new to us. The cipher didn't seem to make any sense at all. You know, there were letters and there were shapes and there were circles and triangles. The writer was making threats to kill more people. So, there was talk and buzz around the newsroom about whether to print it. Do you tell people and risk panic? ♪ ♪ Ultimately, the decision was to print the cipher. SUSAN: The writer sent three virtually identical letters to theSan Francisco Chronicle, the San Francisco Examiner, and the Vallejo Times. GARY: The newspapers each received one part of this cipher, and he demanded that they print the ciphers by Friday August 1st, which is a significant date. It was actually seven years after the debut of the Ice Cream Romance by Paul Avery in the San Francisco Chronicle. SUSAN: In the letters, the writer took credit for two sets of murders that had happened in Northern California in the past six months. REPORTER: ...briefly described what apparently happened last night. LEE: A double homicide involving 16‐year‐old girl and a 17‐year‐old boy. SUSAN: Betty Lou Jensen and David Faraday were in their car when the Zodiac started firing. David was shot in the head. Betty Lou was shot five times in the back as she tried to escape. ♪ ♪ Six months later, the Zodiac attacked another couple, Darlene Ferrin and Michael Mageau, in Blue Rock Springs Park. He killed Darlene, and... Michael Mageau survived. (typewriter clicking) The police had no suspects, so they publicly asked the killer to send another letter, hoping that more information would lead to his arrest. DAVID VAN NUYS: The next letter started off with a new salutation. "This is the Zodiac speaking." The Zodiac, as if it was like the God. We see the first sign of this grandiosity of the Zodiac. ♪ ♪ VAN: This is the Zodiac speaking. In answer to your asking for more details about the good times I have had in Vallejo, I shall be very happy to supply even more material. By the way, are the police having a good time with the code? LEE: We haven't personally started anything on it because none of us in the police department know cryptography. However, we have sent copies of it to certain experts in that field, and we anticipate that if there is a... if it is a logical... ‐cryptogram, that we will have it solved. ‐(indistinct) GARY: I had no idea what the cipher had to do with my father. And this is exactly like every other discovery I made. I wrote to Washington, DC, requesting my... grandfather's military record, just to try to find out anything. ♪ ♪ I knew that my grandfather was a chaplain in the navy, but when I got his military record, I discovered I discovered that he was also an intelligence officer and had formal training in code breaking. HATTIE: Gary's grandfather, Earl Van Dorn Sr., was a code breaker. He passed on his code breaking skills to his son, Van. GARY: In my search, I discovered a film of my grandfather in the military. The family says that my grandfather would actually write codes, and challenge Van to break those codes, and they would go back and forth doing that, trying to trick each other. And that just kinda shocked me right there because I'm thinking is that more than a coincidence? ♪ ♪ SUSAN: The Zodiac said break this code, and you will know who I am. But the police and other law enforcement agencies were baffled by the ciphers. Eventually, a high school teacher and his wife were able to break the code. They believed that the killer's ego would dictate that the letter "I" would be the first letter in the cipher. They also believed that he would talk about killing, so therefore they looked for the double symbols that represent two L's in the word "kill" or "killing." GARY: The hidden message began, "I like killing people because it's so much fun. It's more fun than killing wild game in the forest because man is the most dangerous animal of all." ♪ ♪ The Zodiac said, "if you crack this cipher, you will have my identity." But there was no name in the solved cipher. I think... the police just... prematurely stopped looking for a name in that cipher because you had to write the solution next to each symbol and each letter. So, it's the solution plus the original puzzle. When I looked at it, I immediately saw... my father's name. E... V... B... E... S... T... J... R... And... it pops right here. ♪ ♪ Finding my father's name in the cipher, that's when I was convinced that my father... was the Zodiac Killer. ♪ ♪ (insects chirping) ♪ ♪ (insects chirping) (door closes) (deposits coin) (dials phone) (phone ringing) WOMAN (phone): Napa County Dispatcher. What's your emergency? VAN (phone): I wanna report a murder. No, a double murder. They are two miles north of park headquarters. They were in a white Volkswagen Karmann Ghia. I'm the one that did it. (rattling) (opens door) OFFICER: When I arrived on the scene, found this young girl laid on the shoreline here. All stabbed in several places. And her boyfriend, male companion, had... came to from... He had been stabbed, and he had taken off for help. ♪ ♪ HARTNELL: Cece and I happened to hear some rustling behind us, and I asked her to look 'cause she was facing that direction. I was facing toward the water. And when he came out, she said, "he's got a mask on." Just little slits in the eyes, and these clip‐on glasses. They were clipped into those loops. He mentioned that he was a convict trying to get to Mexico and needed money, and he said, "what I need right now is to get you tied up." And so he had the girl tie me. Of course, she was real nervous and tied me rather loosely. I did think I was going to die. MAN: The message left on the side of the victim's door were the dates of the Solano County murders, and ours. Have they indicated to us that they're one in the same. He knows he has a problem, definitely. He's a mental... person that is sick. ♪ ♪ VAN NUYS: This was the third couple that the Zodiac targeted, and he seemed to target women more than men. At Lake Berryessa, he stabbed Cecelia many more times, more viciously. She, in fact, dies as a result of the stab wounds. His huge anger against women would speak to his... not having been mothered well. These symptoms, they don't come from nowhere. It's reasonable to assume that the Zodiac had very traumatic beginnings, and felt uncared for as a child. And so, these people who want to inflict pain on others, they're often... reenacting the pain that was inflicted upon them. There's a kind of revenge motive behind all this. ♪ ♪ GARY: The most significant connection to my father from Lake Berryessa was the fact that the Zodiac told Bryan Hartnell that he wanted his car keys so he could drive to Mexico. That's where my father earned his money. My father's profession was an antiquities dealer. He's making trips down to Mexico. I also found out that Darlene Ferrin, from the second Zodiac murder, Darlene's sister told the police of someone with the name of Lee that brought Darlene gifts from Mexico. During his time on the run with my mother, my father used the alias "Harry Lee" to write bad checks. Another one of those coincidences. ♪ ♪ After the Lake Berryessa murder, I discovered that in late 1969, my father's marriage to Edith Kos ended abruptly, with Edith taking her kids to go live with her father back in Styria, Austria. I was hoping to get answers from the Austrian siblings to find out what happened with my father and his Austrian family. So, I contacted Edith, as well as my half‐ siblings in Austria. And I'll never know why they left, but they all made it perfectly clear that they wanted nothing to do with me or anyone in my father's family. ♪ ♪ The more I researched the Zodiac Killer, the more it became an obsession. That search began with one piece of paper, grew over time to thousands and thousands of pieces of paper. And that was a journey that has lasted almost 17 years now. I was educating myself on the Zodiac case. I knew the good, the bad, and I knew the ugly. (whirring) I had all sorts of... thoughts go through my head whenever... whenever I was told that Rotea participated in the Zodiac investigation. Did Rotea actually know... who Jude Gilford was before he married her? That is more than just a coincidence. (whirring) JUDE: Van, I don't believe that he could've become a serial killer. He operated with his brains, not his brawn. With Gary, things began to get tense simply because he believes it very strongly, and he has even said‐‐ I mean, he's shouted at me on the phone, "what did my dad tell Rotea?" ♪ ♪ GARY: A very disappointing and low point in our relationship was the fact that I kept pressing. (whirring) ZACH: You might say it was an intense time. It's something that's been a consuming aspect of his life for probably his entire adult life. SUSAN: Gary Stewart pursued this like a dog chewin' a bone. So, when he started getting information, he just started pursuing it. As he went along and uncovered clue after clue after clue, he became even more obsessed with it. SISTER: He's always been a researcher, and he just took with it and ran and wanted to find out more. I was concerned for him as an older sister because he was finding out some ugly stuff. I wanted to make sure that he was okay, and I wanted to make sure that Zachary was okay. JUDE: In this very difficult situation, my husband, D. A., has been a tremendous source of strength through the entire process. D.A.: When the door was opened to his identity, Gary had the passion not just to open the door, but kick it open, and pursue every detail to the nth‐degree. So, when do you stop? ♪ ♪ HATTIE: I know that Gary got divorced from Zach's mother, and it's understandable. How could a wife live through that? He was obsessed with... every minute of his life, with finding out his identity. There's no doubt in my mind my determination to find my father affected previous relationships. CATHY: My name's Cathy Bercegeay Stewart. I'm his fourth wife. Gary and I were married for three and a half years, and it started in a whirlwind romance, and it ended about as quick as it began. The search for Gary's father consumed our whole lives. Gary and I got divorced, and the search for his father played a big role in that. I think all of Gary's wives were mesmerized. I got a call from Zach's mom before we married, and she said, "you don't know him. You're all in love right now, but you don't know him." ♪ ♪ GARY: It was very unfair for me to expect that anybody around me would ever know the depths... of the tragedy and of the sense of loss... of what I went through. KRISTY: I probably realized how important it was to him maybe a year or so into our marriage, when he... became nearly obsessed, if you will, with digging and finding more and more. So, we had many discussions over... the fact that I felt like it was taking away from us and our family and our children. GARY: I have got the best thing that ever happened to me in my life now. And for nearly 12 years, Kristy has... held my hand through the most difficult days of my life. She helps me understand, although she has been on the receiving end of my frustration and anger. ♪ ♪ KRISTY: As time went on, I realized how important it was to him to find the closure so that he could move on. I never dreamed it would take this long. It was difficult for me because it took away from time that I thought‐‐ I mean, we were early in our marriage, that we should be doing other things besides researching... serial killers. LEE: We haven't personally started anything on it because none of us in the police department know cryptography. However, we have sent copies of it to certain experts in that field, and we anticipate that if there is a... if it is a logical... ‐cryptogram, that we will have it solved. ‐(indistinct) GARY: I had no idea what the cipher had to do with my father. And this is exactly like every other discovery I made. I wrote to Washington, DC, requesting my... grandfather's military record, just to try to find out anything. ♪ ♪ I knew that my grandfather was a chaplain in the navy, but when I got his military record, I discovered I discovered that he was also an intelligence officer and had formal training in code breaking. HATTIE: Gary's grandfather, Earl Van Dorn Sr., was a code breaker. He passed on his code breaking skills to his son, Van. GARY: In my search, I discovered a film of my grandfather in the military. The family says that my grandfather would actually write codes, and challenge Van to break those codes, and they would go back and forth doing that, trying to trick each other. And that just kinda shocked me right there because I'm thinking is that more than a coincidence? ♪ ♪ SUSAN: The Zodiac said break this code, and you will know who I am. But the police and other law enforcement agencies were baffled by the ciphers. Eventually, a high school teacher and his wife were able to break the code. They believed that the killer's ego would dictate that the letter "I" would be the first letter in the cipher. They also believed that he would talk about killing, so therefore they looked for the double symbols that represent two L's in the word "kill" or "killing." GARY: The hidden message began, "I like killing people because it's so much fun. It's more fun than killing wild game in the forest because man is the most dangerous animal of all." ♪ ♪ The Zodiac said, "if you crack this cipher, you will have my identity." But there was no name in the solved cipher. I think... the police just... prematurely stopped looking for a name in that cipher because you had to write the solution next to each symbol and each letter. So, it's the solution plus the original puzzle. When I looked at it, I immediately saw... my father's name. E... V... B... E... S... T... J... R... And... it pops right here. ♪ ♪ Finding my father's name in the cipher, that's when I was convinced that my father... was the Zodiac Killer. ♪ ♪ (insects chirping) (door closes) (deposits coin) (dials phone) (phone ringing) WOMAN (phone): Napa County Dispatcher. What's your emergency? VAN (phone): I wanna report a murder. No, a double murder. They are two miles north of park headquarters. They were in a white Volkswagen Karmann Ghia. I'm the one that did it. (rattling) (opens door) OFFICER: When I arrived on the scene, found this young girl laid on the shoreline here. All stabbed in several places. And her boyfriend, male companion, had... came to from... He had been stabbed, and he had taken off for help. ♪ ♪ HARTNELL: Cece and I happened to hear some rustling behind us, and I asked her to look 'cause she was facing that direction. I was facing toward the water. And when he came out, she said, "he's got a mask on." Just little slits in the eyes, and these clip‐on glasses. They were clipped into those loops. He mentioned that he was a convict trying to get to Mexico and needed money, and he said, "what I need right now is to get you tied up." And so he had the girl tie me. Of course, she was real nervous and tied me rather loosely. I did think I was going to die. MAN: The message left on the side of the victim's door were the dates of the Solano County murders, and ours. Have they indicated to us that they're one in the same. He knows he has a problem, definitely. He's a mental... person that is sick. ♪ ♪ VAN NUYS: This was the third couple that the Zodiac targeted, and he seemed to target women more than men. At Lake Berryessa, he stabbed Cecelia many more times, more viciously. She, in fact, dies as a result of the stab wounds. His huge anger against women would speak to his... not having been mothered well. These symptoms, they don't come from nowhere. It's reasonable to assume that the Zodiac had very traumatic beginnings, and felt uncared for as a child. And so, these people who want to inflict pain on others, they're often... reenacting the pain that was inflicted upon them. There's a kind of revenge motive behind all this. ♪ ♪ GARY: The most significant connection to my father from Lake Berryessa was the fact that the Zodiac told Bryan Hartnell that he wanted his car keys so he could drive to Mexico. That's where my father earned his money. My father's profession was an antiquities dealer. He's making trips down to Mexico. I also found out that Darlene Ferrin, from the second Zodiac murder, Darlene's sister told the police of someone with the name of Lee that brought Darlene gifts from Mexico. During his time on the run with my mother, my father used the alias "Harry Lee" to write bad checks. Another one of those coincidences. ♪ ♪ After the Lake Berryessa murder, I discovered that in late 1969, my father's marriage to Edith Kos ended abruptly, with Edith taking her kids to go live with her father back in Styria, Austria. I was hoping to get answers from the Austrian siblings to find out what happened with my father and his Austrian family. So, I contacted Edith, as well as my half‐ siblings in Austria. And I'll never know why they left, but they all made it perfectly clear that they wanted nothing to do with me or anyone in my father's family. ♪ ♪ The more I researched the Zodiac Killer, the more it became an obsession. That search began with one piece of paper, grew over time to thousands and thousands of pieces of paper. And that was a journey that has lasted almost 17 years now. I was educating myself on the Zodiac case. I knew the good, the bad, and I knew the ugly. (whirring) I had all sorts of... thoughts go through my head whenever... whenever I was told that Rotea participated in the Zodiac investigation. Did Rotea actually know... who Jude Gilford was before he married her? That is more than just a coincidence. (whirring) JUDE: Van, I don't believe that he could've become a serial killer. He operated with his brains, not his brawn. With Gary, things began to get tense simply because he believes it very strongly, and he has even said‐‐ I mean, he's shouted at me on the phone, "what did my dad tell Rotea?" ♪ ♪ GARY: A very disappointing and low point in our relationship was the fact that I kept pressing. (whirring) ZACH: You might say it was an intense time. It's something that's been a consuming aspect of his life for probably his entire adult life. SUSAN: Gary Stewart pursued this like a dog chewin' a bone. So, when he started getting information, he just started pursuing it. As he went along and uncovered clue after clue after clue, he became even more obsessed with it. SISTER: He's always been a researcher, and he just took with it and ran and wanted to find out more. I was concerned for him as an older sister because he was finding out some ugly stuff. I wanted to make sure that he was okay, and I wanted to make sure that Zachary was okay. JUDE: In this very difficult situation, my husband, D. A., has been a tremendous source of strength through the entire process. D.A.: When the door was opened to his identity, Gary had the passion not just to open the door, but kick it open, and pursue every detail to the nth‐degree. So, when do you stop? ♪ ♪ HATTIE: I know that Gary got divorced from Zach's mother, and it's understandable. How could a wife live through that? He was obsessed with... every minute of his life, with finding out his identity. There's no doubt in my mind my determination to find my father affected previous relationships. CATHY: My name's Cathy Bercegeay Stewart. I'm his fourth wife. Gary and I were married for three and a half years, and it started in a whirlwind romance, and it ended about as quick as it began. The search for Gary's father consumed our whole lives. Gary and I got divorced, and the search for his father played a big role in that. I think all of Gary's wives were mesmerized. I got a call from Zach's mom before we married, and she said, "you don't know him. You're all in love right now, but you don't know him." ♪ ♪ GARY: It was very unfair for me to expect that anybody around me would ever know the depths... of the tragedy and of the sense of loss... of what I went through. KRISTY: I probably realized how important it was to him maybe a year or so into our marriage, when he... became nearly obsessed, if you will, with digging and finding more and more. So, we had many discussions over... the fact that I felt like it was taking away from us and our family and our children. GARY: I have got the best thing that ever happened to me in my life now. And for nearly 12 years, Kristy has... held my hand through the most difficult days of my life. She helps me understand, although she has been on the receiving end of my frustration and anger. ♪ ♪ KRISTY: As time went on, I realized how important it was to him to find the closure so that he could move on. I never dreamed it would take this long. It was difficult for me because it took away from time that I thought‐‐ I mean, we were early in our marriage, that we should be doing other things besides researching... serial killers. ♪♪ (traffic noise) WOMAN (radio): All units, 211 in progress. Presidio Heights. Suspect is African American male. Proceed with caution. (siren) ARMOND PELLESETTI: When I got the call and drove up Washington Street, saw the cab sitting there. There was blood everywhere. It was incredible. The first description that came over communication was an African‐American male. But, as soon as I started talking to the teenagers who had seen the Zodiac, first words out of their mouth was, "well, it was this white guy." Who screwed up? I don't know. I notified the station, and at that point, Inspectors Toschi and Armstrong showed up. So they took over the scene, and started doing the full investigation. ♪ ♪ VAN NUYS: Instead of attacking a couple on a lover's lane, he's attacking a lone male. The Zodiac shot Paul Stine in the head. (gunshot) The Zodiac very nearly got caught. A couple of policeman see the Zodiac, but erroneously have been told that the murderer was a black person. And so, the Zodiac was able to get away. REPORTER: The most wanted man in San Francisco calls himself the Zodiac Killer. 5‐foot‐8, about 30 years old, reddish‐brown hair. This bloody shirt belonged to the latest victim, the cab driver. Zodiac mailed a small piece of it to the San Francisco Chronicle. And with the shirt, there was a handwritten letter. "This is Zodiac speaking," he wrote. "I murdered the taxi driver and did in the other people in the Bay Area." Since the release of the latest letter yesterday, our office has received additional phone calls from different persons in the Bay Area, who feel that... they can be helpful in the, uh... apprehension of the Zodiac suspect. It's generally stirred up quite a bit of interest. ♪ ♪ KELLY CARROLL: The Zodiac caught the attention of everyone in the Bay Area, and conned a very high‐profile case. So much can come flooding in to... cloud the investigation. The Zodiac case presented several functional problems from a law enforcement perspective. You have multiple jurisdictions. A crime that might occur just across the border in a different jurisdiction doesn't necessarily involve a regional effort. There are practical reasons for holding back information, but there's an instinct towards not sharing. SUSAN: The police botched that investigation. Not only did you have multiple jurisdictions not sharing information, but you had a situation in which every detective in Northern California wanted to be the one to solve the Zodiac case. There's nonsensical ego at the core of so much of this, and that can work against solving the case. (whirring) ♪ ♪ As I looked at the details from the Paul Stine murder, many things popped for me. I discovered through the Polk City directories that my father lived at 797 Bush Avenue, which is exactly two blocks from where the Zodiac hailed Paul Stine's cab. But the most compelling thing about the Paul Stine murder was the bloody fingerprints left on the cab. The police, they weren't able to extract a complete fingerprint, but the first thing I noticed is this guy has a distinctive scar on his right index finger, going in the exact same direction as my father's. I reached out to Bob Garrett, who's a fingerprint expert. Mr. Garrett told me that scars cannot be compared. But, he did an overlay from the Zodiac print against Van's print, and, I mean, you can look at that and decide for yourself. ♪ ♪ What are the odds that Gary Stewart's father could have the same scar as the Zodiac Killer? REPORTER: And there was another message. This one was signed with the symbol of the Zodiac and written in code. The experts have yet to decipher the meaning of this cryptogram. GARY: The 340 Cipher is considered the Zodiac's most sophisticated cipher, and it's called the 340 because it contains 340 characters. All the experts tried to solve the 340 Cipher, but the one piece of information they were missing was my father's name. My father created this cipher to fit his name perfectly, utilizing all 17 columns of the cipher. You can see it clearly. E... A... R... L... V... A... N... B... E... S... T... And he spelled out Junior for the very first time. J... U... N... I... O... R. "Earl Van Best Junior," backward. ♪ ♪ The fact that my father's name fits perfectly, utilizing every column, is not only unique, but I think astronomical to the point to where it had to be him. In San Francisco, two more communications have been received from the person who calls himself the Zodiac Killer. ♪ ♪ VAN: This is the Zodiac speaking. Up until the end of October, ‐(clicking) ‐I have killed seven people. I have grown rather angry with the police for their telling lies about me, so I shall no longer announce to anyone when I commit my murders. They shall look like routine robberies, killings of anger, and a few fake accidents. The police shall never catch me because I've been too clever for them. One, I look like the description only when I do my thing. Two, as of yet, I have left no fingerprints behind me, contrary to what the police say. In my killings, I wear transparent fingertip guards. All it is is two coats of airplane cement coated onto my fingertips. Quite unnoticeable and very effective. ♪ ♪ P.S., two cops pulled a goof about three minutes after I left the cab. I was walking down the hill when this cop car pulled up and asked if I saw anyone being suspicious, and I said, "yes. There was this man who was running by, waving a gun." And the cops peeled rubber. And I disappeared, never to be seen again. Hey, pig, doesn't it rile you up to have your nose rubbed in your boo‐boos? REPORTER: The new letters from the Zodiac Killer were sent to the San Francisco Chronicle. There was also a greeting card which said, "sorry I haven't written sooner. I just washed my pen." ♪ ♪ GARY: Everyone always thought that the Zodiac case would be solved with handwriting. And in my search for my father, I discovered my father's marriage certificate to my mother. And I had seen the Zodiac letters enough to know when I looked down at that piece of paper... I mean, my heart stopped. I had seen that handwriting before. SUSAN: Some of this looks really, really similar. So, I contacted Michael Wakshull, who is a forensic handwriting expert. WAKSHULL: As a document examiner, at least 21 different attributes that we look at for handwriting comparison. Some of those are relative height of the letter. Does the person write large? Do they write small? Do they write in cursive? Do they write in print? Is it all uppercase or is it uppercase lowercase? How does the person dot the I? Do they dot it right over the I, or do they dot it to the right, to the left? And no one of those attributes will confirm or not confirm that it's a person. You have to look at the whole, the entirety of the writing. So, here's an example. In the marriage certificate, there's "est" in best. Then, in several of the Zodiac letters, he wrote the word "western." In each instance, it's the second, third, and fourth letter of the word, which is good because you're comparing at the same locations. When I did the comparison, the spacing between the letters was the same. The heights are relatively the same. The slant is basically the same. And in the Zodiac letters, there is July, and July was capitalized. There were two J's in the marriage certificate. And what's interesting when you look at this, they're perfect. I mean, once it's right on top of the other, the curves, the way that they're on top, crossed, the arc on the bottom, it's identical. My opinion was that there's a strong probability that Earl Van Best Jr. wrote the Zodiac letters. The words "strong probability" is synonymous with virtually certain. ♪ ♪ SUSAN: When Mike Wakshull sent me the overlays of the Zodiac's handwriting and Van's handwriting, and I saw them, I could not believe it. As we were writing the book, the deeper we went into it, the more I begin to believe. I mean, what are the odds that Gary Stewart, who lives in Louisiana, thinks his father was the Zodiac Killer, and they've got the same handwriting? And they've got the same scar? And the police sketch, it's like it's the same person. And they're in the same places. You know, it just added up too much. GARY: I can't answer for the things that my father did, and what he became later in life. I certainly have to compartmentalize my feelings about the father I never knew. In order to try to give him a fair shake... ♪ ♪ because I believe everybody... who may have done something in their past should be given the opportunity to receive forgiveness. And so, my sole intent and my sole purpose was to find this man. ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 