The Most Dangerous Animal of All: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Most Dangerous Animal of All 
 s1e4 - The Truth - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Most Dangerous Animal of All (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Truth - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 GARY: Lieutenant Hennessey asked if he could gather a voluntary sample of my DNA. That was the last time I ever heard from Hennessey. Based on the DNA results, there is a 99.8 percent probability that my father was the Zodiac Killer. I hadn't heard from Hennessey in years, so I contacted the San Francisco Police Department, and they put me in touch with the current inspector who is handling the Zodiac cold case. Gianrico Pierucci. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 GIANRICO PIERUCCI: When I met with Gary Stewart, he wanted to make sure that his DNA was actually... done, it was actually analyzed. So I contacted the lab, and I told him that the DNA had been analyzed. GARY: And what Pierucci was about to tell me was going to be huge news. I told him that his father wasn't going to be excluded. GARY: Pierucci confirmed it. And then he said, "By the way, this is gonna do wonders for your book." (theme music playing) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This is a photo of Earl Van Best, with a sketch of the Zodiac, superimposed over his face. ZACH FECHHEIMER: When I read the book, I was skeptical at first, but I kept coming across names and writing them down on a notebook next to my bedside table. Then when I'd go and run them through the system, seems like Gary did a lot of pretty accurate genealogical research about Earl Van Best. And Gary's project was sparked initially off of a quest of a son trying to find his father. And that sparked my interest. (indistinct chatter) My father's been a PI in San Francisco for the past 50 years, and during that time he's come into contact with lots of the people who've been involved with the Zodiac case. He knew Paul Avery, he knew Toschi. Here's this FBI report. DAVID FECHHEIMER: There's the driver's license number. You know, you could probably get a transcript of this driving record. When you wanna dig for a criminal record in San Francisco, there is no easy way to do it, other than to go down to the Hall of Justice and to dig through handwritten volumes. So that's what I did. So what I have to rely on are the historical documents that exist in the public record that we could then use to piece together a chronology. Earl Van Best Jr. bounced around all over the country. Yes, so a big challenge here is trying to figure out was there overlap with where Earl was during the time the Zodiac crimes were committed. And if there was, is there a connection with SFPD and is there anything there that would suggest a cover‐up, as Gary's put out in his book? I've never really believed that the San Francisco Police Department was a corrupt organization. But it wouldn't surprise me in the least if through carelessness, sloppiness, or foolishness, they had failed to... figure out who the Zodiac was. REPORTER: San Francisco Police displayed a blackboard with excerpts of the latest Zodiac letter at a news conference last night. Police said, it's the first since 1974. For the last nine years, the Zodiac investigation has been headed by homicide inspector David Toschi. I have always felt, uh, a gut feeling that, that he was not dead and that he was out there somewhere and that he would communicate. JENNINGS: When the letter came in we did a big story and Zodiac is back and he's claiming new victims and making new threats. TOSCHI: It's a boasting‐type letter. He, he takes a little slam at me because, uh, I've been one of the policemen that's been working on the case for, uh, almost nine years. JENNINGS: The letter itself said, "Tell that city pig Toschi I'm still here." Shortly thereafter, a writer at The Chronicle mentioned that he'd gotten fan mail from Dave Toschi. REPORTER: Toschi is under fire for writing phony fan letters about himself to a newspaper feature writer. I received the bogus fan letters in the fall of 1976. I chose to turn the matter over to police only when I noticed certain similarities between the tone of the letters and the tone of the last Zodiac letter. JENNINGS: Dave Toschi had written this latest Zodiac letter himself, to reignite interest in the case. REPORTER: Inspector Dave Toschi is out of it. He had been officially reprimanded by being transferred from the homicide detail to the pawn shop detail. I, I don't know what his thinking was. I never asked him or remember his‐‐ He, he was a broken man. It was all ego. CARROLL: Zodiac is the kind of thing that people just crawl into and lose themselves in terms of the rabbit hole. CRAIG SILVERMAN: The Zodiac Killer is a story that gets people completely wrapped into it. And this case has created obsession for people that really has taken over their lives. And this book is, I think, also an example of how the Zodiac Killer once again has taken over somebody's life. But this is about more than a book, it's actually about identity. JUDE: When you're adopted, you spend your whole life making up stories of who you are. They're never right, of course. But you have to have a story. You can't just not have an identity. So the only thing you can do is make it up. LYN OVERTON: One of the reasons I wanted to read the book was because I thought at last I'm gonna find out what really happened. But it starts off right away with things that are, are inaccurate and fabricated. I think my hair was on fire, the first read‐through of the book. And there was a lot of talk about getting off a school bus. There were no school buses We didn't get off a school bus. School buses were for elementary school children. GARY: I'll tell you, my first manuscript says street car. One day, my mother told me honey, I was wrong about the street car. I got off the school bus. I didn't, I didn't create that, I didn't create that having known that, the Zodiac Killer, uh, taunted the police threatening to shoot kiddies as they come bouncing off a school bus. My mother corrected me. SUSAN: Jude told me specifically that I used to think it was a street car, but now I remember that it was a school bus. I have it in my notes. And memory is subjective. When I look at my childhood I remember things a certain way, my older brothers and sisters remember it a different way. It's hard to know who's right and who's wrong. JUDE: In the book, they talked about Van driving up and down the state of California, on his way to or from Mexico so that he'd be in the places where these crimes occurred But when I knew Van, he wasn't driving to Mexico, he was always flying. And so, for me, that was right from the beginning that was preposterous. After the book was published, Susan called me and I said to her, why did you have to make the dialogues so preposterous. And she said, well, those were all right from the police reports. We took the police reports and changed the name to my father or Van. And I said, if that was your investigation, then I rest my case. SUSAN: Sometimes you do have to use the techniques of fiction in true crime. Use things like foreshadowing and description. But every single thing that we did in that book was based on... what we were told by relatives, by friends, police reports, every single thing in that book was based on fact. JUDE: I believe that many things changed from Gary's original book when they bought in his co‐author. There is a possibility that Gary wants to protect Susan because she did bring this to the point where a publisher like Harper Collins would be interested in it. As a publisher, we embrace the sensational in a measured way, um... because it sells books. In a narrative presentation, the language in the book, it's imagined, but we weren't making factual claims. We were sort of setting a scene of how this would have played out given the evidence we have. I don't think it was done to mislead anyone. It was more... you, you know, it was, it was a sort of a narrative touch‐up, I'd say. SILVERMAN: When I was reading the book, there were kinda two things going on. One is Gary's pain in Gary's search, and that is real and that is, uh, I think without question. Then there's other element of claiming to have solved one of the most legendary cold cases really of anywhere in the world. And it's a huge selling point for book publishers. And that's important to keep in mind because the vast majority of non‐fiction books are not fact checked. You would think that a big publisher like Harper Collins has a budget for fact checking, but they don't. The book publishing industry, they don't require it. They need to sell books that are as compelling and maybe sensational as they could possibly be. And so all of the responsibility for making sure that the work is true and accurate and not copied or other things is actually put on the author. Gary and Susan wanted to make the most compelling book possible. Of course there's gonna be times where maybe you downplay certain things, where maybe you speculate in a certain way. It's very hard to kinda look up one day and say, wait a second have we, have we taken a few steps too far. And your editor's not gonna say that because they wanna sell the book too. Everybody is invested in this guy being the Zodiac Killer. ZACH: Many of the claims that are made in Gary's book largely come from human sources who've all since passed on. But Gary had made freedom of information act requests for Earl Van Best Jr.'s FBI file and he was also able to obtain a CLETS criminal history. So Gary used addresses that were contained, uh, in those documents to put together his address history for Earl Van Best. So I was able to take that and cross reference it with the Polk City Directories. After digging through the records at the public library, I felt like we had a pretty complete address history for Earl Van Best. So in the book, Gary says that Earl lived at 797 Bush Street in 1969. The story goes that Paul Stine picked up his fare two blocks from 797 Bush, but I don't see any evidence that he lived there in 1969. He did live there in 1967, which is two years prior to the murder of Paul Stine. Another claim that Gary makes in his book is that Earl Van Best did some time at San Quentin, but Earl Van Best Jr. was convicted of a federal crime, and San Quentin is a state prison. So there was no reason why he would have gone to San Quentin. But in my research, I, I didn't come across any evidence to suggest that he ever did any time in San Quentin. The only thing I've come across was that he did time at FCI Lompoc. ZACH: I was able to assemble a pretty complete chronology for Earl Van Best. And we've laid that out on this side and on this side we put together the key events of the Zodiac case. And what we see in this timeline is that we have a pretty complete chronology for Earl Van Best starting in 1957 and going through to 1968, roughly 1968, 1969. And then there is a gap. Earl Van Best seems to have fallen off the radar between 1969 and 1974. And most of the Zodiac murders seem to have taken place during that gap in his timeline. So what I'd like to figure out is where was Earl Van Best during 1969 and 1974? GARY: My original draft of The Most Dangerous Animal Of All was about my emotional journey. When it came to the Zodiac, it was, this happened, this happened, this happened. That's as far as I went with the whole Zodiac murders. Susan took that and made you know, a whole book section out of it. She put pieces together based upon my father's behavior and stories from the family and William that fit perfectly. SUSAN: There are parts of the story that just sound unbelievable. There are things that seem like they were made to fit into the story. But every time I had a doubt, Gary could produce a document that verified it. Especially his conversations with William Lohmus. Each time I was like, uh, did that really happen? Then, I would have an email that said here's William saying it right here. There were certain things where I did have to take a small leap of faith, but I got to a point where when Gary told me something I didn't doubt him because he always had evidence to back it up. GARY: I take my own flak from the critics, and I don't blame Susan for any of it. It would've never happened if I hadn't told her with a hundred percent certainty that my father was the Zodiac Killer. And she just told the story in a way that... I wasn't trained to do. One of the things I never considered doing was a handwriting analysis. But Susan took that one step further. MICHAEL WAKSHULL: Well, I'm convinced that whoever wrote the marriage certificate also wrote the letters. But when I was presented with the marriage certificate, I was told by Susan that Judy saw Earl Van Best Jr. write on the marriage certificate. But when I read the book, I realized that Judy was in a dressing room and came out and the marriage certificate was completed. Which meant that what I was told earlier, it was not true. It raises a question to me, did the minister write the text on the marriage certificate? GARY: All I have is what my mother told me. You know, your father filled this out, and this is how we were married. WAKSHULL: As part of my due diligence and follow‐on, I contacted the church where they got married. I wanted to find out do they have examples of the preacher's writing? And they did. I did a comparison... which caused me to come to the virtually certain opinion the minister Edward Flagir wrote the marriage certificate. Because we know that the police sketch of the eyewitnesses of the Zodiac matches Earl Van Best Jr., It raises the question... Did the minister and Earl Van Best Jr. work together, one writing the letters, one doing the killing? GARY: That's quite a theory. I thought we had picked a stable guy. But I didn't go looking for a handwriting expert, that was Susan's idea, and I didn't get involved in that whatsoever. SUSAN: I thoroughly disagree with Mike Wakshull. He gave me a report, and he gave me examples. And I'm looking at the examples and I can see... you know, here's a J and that's exactly the way that the J's are in Van's handwriting. I'm looking at the examples he gave me, and they seem conclusive. PATRICIA FISHER: I was asked to take a look at a report... to see if it met the ASTM standards uh, for handwriting examinations, starting with one of the most important standards which is having a reliable comparison. And we scan in the writings and then when I am finished, I can take and see what the letters don't have in common with each other. And what's important here is only till we get down to the S‐A‐N and the O‐F where there are similar words. Otherwise, there were no words that were similar. An additional step that he took was to make comparisons of certain letters. It's really important when a document examiner, especially working on anonymous writings, does not simply pick and choose letters. For example, he illustrates capital J. They are standard ways that persons make a J. There is nothing individualizing or significant about this letter. So what he did is he selected these and I guess two or three other characteristics that didn't have really much value. The biggest problem is there are so many absent characters and words... the examination was flawed from the very start. Michael should have said I need more writings. He did not do that. And that's why it's really critical for the document examiner to have very good judgment and not sacrifice the principles or the standards just to satisfy somebody else. GARY: If Wakshull has been proven... to be wrong, okay. That's handwriting. That doesn't change Earl Van Best's standing as a suspect in the Zodiac case. People in the virtual world say, they just didn't have enough proof, right? The handwriting didn't match, the fingerprints didn't match. But here is that one last smoking gun. If you look to the DNA, there's one guy left. And that DNA has been confirmed with Sergeant Pierucci. SUSAN: Pierucci said Gary's father could not be excluded. That Earl Van Best Jr. is the only person in history who cannot be excluded as being the Zodiac. That's a pretty damning piece of evidence. CARROLL: In the late '90s, the Zodiac case was essentially in an inactive status. And so I made a suggestion to police administration regarding establishing a cold case squad. One of the reasons I'd made the proposal was because of advances in technology, specifically the advent of DNA and so I'd submitted the envelopes and the result of the publicity that attended the case, the news media was interested. And ABC contacted us through a producer named Harry Phillips. HARRY PHILLIPS: I produced a documentary on the Zodiac investigation in 2001. DNA technology had gotten to a point where they could begin testing some of the Zodiac evidence We get an adrenaline rush knowing that part of this puzzle has been revealed to you. REPORTER: You're looking at the Zodiac Killer's genetic identity... PHILLIPS: The San Francisco Police Department found five of a potential nine genetic markers. These notes are what we use to create a computer‐generated graphic to show what the partial DNA profile of the Zodiac would've looked like. And I can tell you I put instructions on how to fill in the numbers, what color to, to put in. and then instructions to obliterate the actual numbers that are there. But these numbers don't represent the actual numbers from the Zodiac profile. The actual results never left the lab and were never broadcast. There's no way that Gary Stewart's DNA would match the values that we put in the DNA profile that we broadcast because we did not broadcast the specific values of each of those five markers because that was evidence. And they didn't want us to release that. CARROLL: The DNA profile that you saw on television was not provided by the San Francisco Police Department. That would be reckless. So... only one of... the allele values for one of the STR loci, based on my father's genetic profile matches what this producer, uh, gave you as being a blurred value. That's fair. That's fair. And that had... You know, we, we, um... We looked at it thinking we were gonna, um, either identify or eliminate... uh, the possibility that any of my father's match but what we saw we saw the same thing... and it, it was blurred so it doesn't matter. It's, it's, it, it's irrelevant because that's not even the markers of the Zodiac Killer. Okay, so‐‐ But what I'll tell you is we didn't do anything... with those values. We didn't get anybody to do anything for us. We didn't get Scales Lab to do anything for us based on what we thought we saw. So, on the Special, um, they show a whole 16 marker profile, and some of them are blank. But what ABC did is they highlighted the five markers that they extracted, okay, and then they put values in there. I don't care if they put the wrong values or blurred them, but what's very clear is what values, what, what STR loci they had. We told Scales which five of the 16 that the San Francisco Police Department, ABC had looked at‐‐ had, had discovered. That's all we gave them. We didn't give them any numbers. Their statistical basis for this new analysis is the fact that Pierucci said my markers match. It has nothing to do with the ABC show The value of the allele may have been changed, may have been blurred, it doesn't matter. The values that we got‐‐ Susan and I got excited about, were never presented to the Scales Lab. Pierucci said he can't eliminate Van. So Schiro made the assumption based upon what Pierucci told me. The fact that my father can't be eliminated as Zodiac suspect means, means all five of these match, so they've got the single value not a double value of the, the, the loci. They've got at least one of the two for‐‐ that, that are the Zodiac Killer's. Because they match Van, right? If they don't match Van, they can be eliminated. So D8, D3, D5, vWA, match these values. If one doesn't match, then it's out. I still don't have anything that says Susan sent blurred values. INTERVIEWER: Susan told us that you sent those blurred numbers to the lab. I don't believe that. I don't believe it. INTERVIEWER: That's what she told us. I don't believe that. I don't, I don't. I don't believe she did that. INTERVIEWER: We can ask her. We will ask her because I can't believe that, that Susan would have told him, here's what we think we saw. Susan's a better researcher than that. I didn't say, I didn't say that. SUSAN: That makes absolutely no sense. Gary sent the email asking Schiro to compare the blurred numbers that we came up with when we watched the Primetime Special. But Pierucci... told Gary his father could not be excluded. If Pierucci told me, hey, we ran that DNA and Van's markers didn't match I would be like, oh my God, I have so screwed up. Until I hear Pierucci tell me that, I'm gonna stick with my story. INTERVIEWER: So, in Gary's manuscript he retypes the police report, and it showed that Van actually went to Atascadero. When we review the actual report from the SFPD, everything was the same except that Atascadero was added. ‐So in the manuscript... ‐What? he put in Atascadero. (exclaims) I can't speak to that. The CLETS report that I saw had Atascadero in it. Could you give me a minute? (exhales heavily) Motherfucker. Since I discovered that some of the things in the book weren't true, I was devastated. My integrity means a whole lot to me, and it really sent me into a tailspin. I wrote a book that there were discrepancies in, and I felt like I had not done my job. And so I began to search for the truth. I went back through newspaper articles, through police reports, through all of the communication Gary and I had about this. He was my source for this book, and I trusted what he told me. One of the things Gary told me was that Earl Van Best Jr. was in Atascadero and when I read his original manuscript one of this sentences for fraud by wire the sentences was 90 days Atascadero State Hospital. But if you look at the original CLETS report, Atascadero isn't there. Gary told me that when Hennessey handed him that report, Hennessey said, your father was in Atascadero. In Gary's original manuscript, he duplicated the CLETS report and added Atascadero. I wrote a lot about that. That played a significant role in determining that Earl Van Best Jr. had the psychosis necessary to be the Zodiac Killer. It's really been difficult for me trying to figure out did Gary deliberately tell me things that were not true, or does he really believe? After the book came out, the one thing I had that I knew that nobody else knew was that Detective Pierucci had said that DNA could not be excluded Detective Pierucci has agreed to meet with me and talk with me about what happened when he met with Gary Stewart. When you were talking to Gary, you told him that Gary's father could not be excluded as a suspect in the Zodiac case. ‐Is that correct? ‐Right. Because we'd have to do more investigating on his father. I, I can't just take the book and say this is perfect. We've got all the information here. Uh, but the terminology "could not be excluded" is typically reserved for DNA. I, I wasn't referring to the DNA when I excluded, you know, when I told him that he couldn't be excluded. Okay? What I was trying to tell him was and, you know, I think he did misinterpret me telling him, no, you know, I can't exclude your father. I can't exclude your father as, as the Zodiac, only because we don't have the knowledge that the Zodiac actually touched or licked the stamp. Gary's DNA was checked by our lab, and that's all I can tell you. Okay. So I, I wouldn't give him any DNA information. Gary also told me that you told him the information that you gave him should do wonders for the book. Was that accurate? Information that I gave him would do wonders for the book? I, I just told him that I liked the book. ‐Ah. ‐I don't know, I‐‐ ‐(laughs) ‐Did you tell him that Earl Van Best Jr. was your number one suspect now? No, I did not. ‐You did not say that? ‐No. And you were not convinced that... Gary had solved the case for the SFPD? No, I wasn't convinced. But I did like the book. Gotcha. I sure do appreciate you taking the time to talk to me. Detective Pierucci had no reason to lie to me. In my effort to discover what was true, I reached out to a private investigator in San Francisco who's been... researching Gary's claims in the book. I sent him Gary's original manuscript, other evidence that I've uncovered over the past few weeks. We have an abundance of great one‐liners and colorful descriptors and so on, but we have a lack of sources. I wasn't able to interview Lieutenant Hennessey back then because Gary told me SFPD had shut him down. So two weeks ago, I called him. And he didn't want to talk about it, but what he did say to me ‐when I told him who I was... ‐Mm‐hmm. ...he said, I don't want to talk about that. I don't want to talk to anybody about that, but I will say I was so disappointed that he wasn't honest with me when I dealt with him. ‐Hmm. ‐That's what he had to say. Gary Stewart was not honest with him when he dealt with him. Which makes me wonder is how much of what I wrote about Hennessey, about the San Francisco Police Department in that book, how much of that was true? In going through the book, there are other pieces of evidence that didn't... hold up to scrutiny, um, and one of them was The Mikado. What I've been able to tell, the Japanese Empire had banned The Mikado, and it only became, released publicly after the end of World War II in 1945. But the Van Best family leaves Japan in 1941. What Gary told me was that he sent playbills back to his best family members and that Van became obsessed with The Mikado because of seeing it in Japan. And now you're telling me it was banned. Wow. So, big part of what I've been working on is trying to establish a timeline for Earl Van Best. There is a blank period between 1969 and 1974 where he, he, he doesn't appear to have much of a footprint in San Francisco. So after I did all my research, you know, seeing this letter that you are able to share with me that comes from Guinevere, who is one of Earl Van Best's daughters who was born in Austria, I mean, it really helped close the gap on... on this sort of missing piece of his US address history. "They all moved back to Austria where I was born in 1970. "A year later, my father left my mother and went back to the States." We've initiated some requests for his immigration records but, unfortunately, records prior to 1980 don't exist. Gary told me that his father took his family to Austria and immediately abandoned them there and that Guinevere's version of events was not true because Edith had motive to... not make her children feel like their father just brought them there and left them. And instead of doing my job, I believed him. I saw those letters early on when I first met Gary. They were in his original manuscript. At that time, I didn't understand the significance of that because I didn't even really know much more about the Zodiac than the average American does. And by the time I got into the Zodiac Killer part of it, Gary explained it away like he explained... a lot of what I asked him away. If Earl Van Best Jr. was not in the country in 1970, he, he couldn't have been the Zodiac Killer. Case closed. PREACHER: Danger in our day. There's the danger that others would deceive us. False prophets. There's another danger. It's not that someone else would deceive you but that you would be deceived by yourself. Today is the day when you can make ready to be golden. Let's stand again. Every head bow... VAN NUYS: Human beings that we are, we're very good at constructing stories. There are people out there who have belief systems that are absolute delusions, and they're unshakeable. They may build their whole life around this story to the point that it becomes an obsession, and they get so attached to them that there's no way of arguing them out of them. PREACHER: Pray in Jesus' name... CARROLL: I don't know that I've run across too many con men. The greater number of folks that are devoted to this case actually do believe. Some aspect of their ego has them invested such that it becomes self‐identifying. Their identity is now related to this case and once that's fused, it's essentially impossible to uncouple that. VAN NUYS: It may confer on them a sense of self‐importance so that even though it's a ugly story, it makes them important nonetheless. It's feeding something in them. However, people are capable of fooling people... particularly if there's hope for monetary gain... or for fame. Thank you. Thank you. VAN NUYS: But it's pretty hard to know for sure whether it's a con or not. (indistinct chatter) JUDE: I believe to this day that he believes he is the son of the Zodiac. It goes back to that adoption idea that any identity may be better than no identity. GARY: People who love you can't know... what it feels like. This sense of... inferiority... not being good enough. So... SUSAN: I think he had a need to create the worst possible person in the world to be able to explain to himself how a father who's supposed to love his son could just leave him like that on a stairwell to be, you know, found by whoever or not found. JUDE: When Gary called me, he said that he doesn't not want the book to be his legacy. He wants... a beautiful family that doesn't have these kinds of skeletons in the closet. GARY: So... I wanna show you where it happened. So my heart wants to think that he put me in the corner. So... when he walked away... (sniffles) This entire... journey to find my father, and then deal with it... has taken an undetermined toll... on me... and my family... but I would sit here and have to say that I would have to do it all over again. And, and I think I can continue this journey for another ten years... and never... never... f... never feel any better about me. (birds chirping) (rock music playing) (engine starts) SUSAN: Today is Friday the 13th? So I think tonight I'm just gonna get drunk as shit and sit outside on that nice little lanai overlooking San Francisco and burn the fuck out of that book. Is that what you're going to put on film? (rock music continues) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 