Pearson: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pearson 
 s1e6 - The Donor - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pearson (2019): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Donor - full transcript 
 Construction starts on North Park. Jessica finds new financial backers for Bobby's campaign. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on "Pearson"... You really sold your soul. I believe in a lot of the same things you do. I'm just a lot smarter about trying to get them done. It looks like I'm standing in the same place you are by staying true to myself. Well, the next time you want to be true to yourself, don't take me down with you. Can they just throw us out like this? It was supposed to be 90 days. Act of God. This wasn't God. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I want to see progress on North Park this week, or I'm out. You were right. I am seeing someone. I'm in a relationship. Stephanie Novak has MS. I had to tell her. She can't work five feet from you and not know what's going on. My ex-husband had ALS. I don't know why I'm telling you this. Maybe it's because I'm here. Keep your distance from her for a while. Wake up! You're not keeping an eye on her. She's keeping an eye on you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A man died. It was my fault. Imagine I'm this man's father. What would you say to me? I'd say Tommy Diehl didn't deserve to die. Don't bother looking in there unless you want leftover Chinese and, uh... oh, half a grapefruit. There's an open bottle of white. Oh, yes, please. You know, after all that room service, I was kind of looking forward to a home-cooked meal. Start looking forward to takeout. Hey, whatever happened to the Jessica Pearson who used to cook me beef bourguignon? Did I do that? - Yes, you did. - Oh, yeah. I was wooing you. - Oh, you were wooing me, huh? - Mm-hmm, yeah. Welcome home. Do you have to leave right away? Oh, I'm not sure yet. I'm hoping to stay a day or two, but, uh, we'll see. Is everything all right? Is it the trial? Was that him back there? Nick D'Amato. Oh. I mean, you two seemed pretty familiar. I was talking to him about Quentin's illness and I got choked up. - Quentin's illness? - Yeah. J, you barely open up to me about that. The mayor's wife has MS. I just found out about it. That's why it came up. I'm going straight to hell, aren't I? Oh, I appreciate the jealousy. Oh? You're gonna turn this into a good thing? When I only have you for a day or two? Yeah, damn right I am. Come on, boys. You're gonna be late. And I know Sister Mary doesn't want you to be late. Oh, my gosh. - Okay, what's for lunch? - Peanut butter and jelly! How'd you know? Yes, peanut butter and jelly. He knows because we have it every day. - Yeah! - Peanut butter jelly time - Peanut butter jelly time - Peanut butter jelly time Peanut butter jelly time - Peanut butter jelly, - peanut butter jelly - Peanut butter jelly with a baseball bat - Peanut butter jelly with a baseball bat Where you at? Where you at? Now there you go, there you go How do you know the Buckwheat Boyz? - The who? - From Mario Kart! - Who? - From Mario Kart. I don't know what that is. Let's go. Hey, slow down, babe. Mom, look! A transformer. Can we go closer? No, baby. We got to get to that bus stop, or you're gonna be late. All right. Come on, baby. - Whee! - Let's go. Hi, you've reached the cell phone of Keri Allen. Please leave the date and time of your call and don't forget your phone number. - Hey. - What's up? I didn't know you were here. I thought you left. I'm here. I was hoping maybe you could help me with my shot. Yeah, of course. You still nervous? Oh, I just hate looking at it. Thanks. Sexy. Stop it. Ready? I wish I could go to the conference with you next week. Wait, you're not going? Steph. You will be fine. You're my biggest asset. How am I supposed to talk to Garcetti about a homeless initiative without you there? You're smarter than I am. Oh, yeah, well, you're smart enough. Isn't that what Obama said about Hillary? He said, "You're likable enough." - What? - He said she was likable enough. Right. Well, he got past it. Yeah. He did. *PEARSON* Season 01 Episode 06 *PEARSON* Episode Title: "The Former City Attorney" Synchronized by srjanapala 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 