Pearson: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pearson 
 s1e9 - The Rival - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pearson (2019): Season 1, Episode 9 - The Rival - full transcript 
 Angela leads a tent city outside of City Hall. Keri thinks more about her future. McGann recovers Nick. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on "Pearson"... Can I ask how long you've known? You don't get to ask me anything. Carlos Salazar. We talked about him, remember? I'm not in the market for an alderman. You're the winner of the Ickaris sweepstakes, Mayor Novak. Months ago, you were a player. Now, not so much. I have decided to put Ickaris on my site. He's dead. - He's dead. - He's got you on tape, Nick. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm the only one who's ever gonna pay. You don't think that takes me down? You killed Tommy Diehl for McGann, didn't you? Running isn't going to solve the problem. I killed two people. Your daughter will understand what you did. She'll never see me the same way. You keep this from her, and she'll never see you at all. I'm trying to keep my assistant's mother from being deported. So you have time for your assistant but not your own family? If you got any food you could spare... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hell yeah, I could spare some. Living on the street homeless is not going to change anything. No, but living right across from City Hall might. Anybody home? Lillian? Was it worth it? The trip. Ickaris. You know what these tech guys are like. You never get everything you want. She's in love with you. Did you know that? Yeah, Steph... What about you? Are you in love with her? - It's 2:00 a.m. - Oh, come on. That is not an answer. You know what the doctor said - about stress. - Oh, fuck you! Please do not use my health as an out for this. Yes or no? - I never meant to hurt you. - Oh, please, - It started when you weren't even... - Bobby... Spare me your bullshit apology. Ugh... Do you realize how reckless you are? - Nobody knows but Nick. - Oh, wow. You must think so little of all the people around you. Everybody knows. You are risking everything that we have worked for. Jesus Christ. You sound like Lady Macbeth. Yeah, Lady Macbeth, who introduced you to all of her family's blue blood friends, right? That's why you married me, isn't it? So that we could make the son of a union thug more electable? - No, it's not. - Oh, please, come on. Have enough respect for me to just admit it. That's not why I married you. - I love you. - Yeah. You love her too. Or maybe you're not sure. You're gonna get back to me on that. Is there anyone else that I need to know about, or should I just wait until the next conference to find out? What do you want me to do? I want you to do whatever you want to do. If you want to be with her, I think you should be with her. You want to self-destruct, I think you go right ahead. But when everything comes crashing down, please do not expect me to be a prop in your apology tour. - Mom? - Hmm? Can we make a campfire tonight? Uh, I think it's against the law, baby, but I could tell you a ghost story with a flashlight. - Ghost story! Ghost story! - Only if it's not too scary. All right. One not-too-scary ghost story, coming up. Hey. You boys ready for school? - Where's the bathroom again? - I'll take you. Go stand over there with your brother. All right. Um, do you have any power left on your phone? I think so. Why? - Need to make a quick call. - Ma... We left in the middle of the night, Angela. She deserves to know where we are. I don't want her coming to the rescue. It's common courtesy. That's what it is. No rescue. Nick. Chuck Hargrove's looking for you. And I'm looking for you. Call me. I'm starting to worry. Something told me you'd be waiting for me. Take it you saw the tents. Hard to miss. That is the point, right? And now that you did, we need to say something. For now, don't say anything. That's kind of hard when there are people sleeping under your window. And it's sad as shit, but I can't give in to extortion, and I can't magically replace shelters with money the city doesn't have. No one's talking about city money. You developer friend put those people out there. He needs to step up. I'm not dragging McGann into this right now. Why not? It's his responsibility. Because he's Ickaris's new landlord. And if we're gonna go out there and hype that, we can't use the other hand to smack him down. Ickaris is being built on North Park? Since when? Since I decided so. I thought your trip to Seattle was to work out the fine print. I promised to revitalize the South Side, Derrick, and that's exactly what I'm gonna do. You got a problem with that? No, I don't have a problem at all, but if you want to help, those people sleeping under your window are from the South Side. You go out and sell the Ickaris move. I'll find a solution to the people outside. Oh, you mean you get Jessica to sweep it under the rug. - Goddamn it, Derrick. - Am I wrong? Tell me I am wrong. I'm sorry. Have you seen my press secretary? If you see him, let me know! You tell Ms. Pearson to see me the minute she gets in. Keep everyone else the hell out. *PEARSON* Season 01 Episode 09 *PEARSON* Episode Title: "The Rival" Synchronized by srjanapala - Lillian. - Oh... Good to see you. I've been so worried. I went home, and there was nobody there. What happened? Have you been to City Hall, yet? I was on my way when you called me back. That's where we are. Tents across the street. What? Well, they wouldn't pay any attention to the neighbors who were sleeping outside North Park. So a bunch of us got together and decided we should shine a light on it. - And when you say, "us"? - It means all of us. We know what we're doing. I don't mean to be judgmental here Lillian, but... how can Angela put her boys on the street like that? - It's my idea. - Your idea? I told her if she wanted to go there, she needed to go all in. They're children, Lillian. So was I and your father when they turned hoses on us in Alabama. They are not too young to be educated. I just want them to be safe. You promise me, this goes on... I will bring them back myself. I promise. Angela's a whole 'nother story. What's it gonna take to change her mind? Unless that boss of yours puts up brand-new apartments for us, I'm afraid there's not much you can say. So we haven't seen each other since we were both on that panel. What was that called? Uh, Women Lawyers in Leadership: Is Breaking the Glass Ceiling Worth a Trip Through the Jungle? Yeah. Little bit of a mixed metaphor but... I can't believe you called me after I put you through that. Actually, that's why I called you. I was really impressed by what you said about your time with McDermott. Are you saying you want to join us? - If you'll have me. - Have you? What color do you want me to paint your money truck? You should know I've never worked in the private sector. I think it is a fair trade for all of the connections you've made at City Hall. We'll see how many I have after I leave. Can I ask you... why are you leaving? Politics is emotionally and physically draining, and it's time for a change. Did you practice that in the bathroom here? - Was I that insincere? - Not at all. But I think we should call this what it is. You're trading power for money. And for somebody who grew up with neither, and it's a tough choice to make. - I'm gaining some clarity. - I understand. But I can't risk making you a partner and then having you leave. So when you're ready to put a ring on it, call me, and we'll make it happen. Morning. Dark roast, splash of cream, no sugar. You know you don't have to announce that every time? - I like rituals. - Mm-hmm. Yoli? I wanted to get you something for helping me with my mom. It's completely unnecessary. I know. I know. Can you just open it? I mean, what do you get the woman who has everything? I figured you don't need a title. You're Jessica Pearson. Thank you. Do you like it? - I love it. - Good. Not to make you spend any more money, but Derrick was the one who made the real difference. Yeah, he tried tricking me into telling him something. No, no. Derrick was the one who found out the truth about your mother. Without him, she'd probably be deported. Ms. Pearson, the mayor needs to see you. Thank you. Just a suggestion. Gracias. How was Seattle? Seattle was a conference room with nothing to drink but Kombucha. I hope you got more than probiotics out of that trip. I got the something more on my way in this morning. There's a simple solution for that little demonstration out there. In my experience, nothing's simple. You made a deal with McGann to build replacement housing. And you made a deal to drop everything North Park. That doesn't sound like you want me to drop it. That sounds like you want me to pick a different side. Yeah, my side. Because you work for me. You don't get that by now, - we're wasting... - Who do you work for, Mr. Mayor? Forget Pat McGann. That ship has sailed. He's not footing the bill, and I'm not asking him to. What I'm asking for is for you to help get those people off the street before this becomes a firestorm. Well, there might be one problem with that. There always is with you. My cousin's one of the organizers. What? How can your relatives be homeless when they have you? They're down there by choice. - They just want to be heard. - Well, get them up here. I'll sit down with them right now. An audience with the king isn't going to cut it anymore. - Yeah, how do you know that? - Because I know my cousin. And her bullshit meter is just as good as mine. God... I am not trying to bullshit anyone. But I am up against it on this. I can't give decent permanent housing to everyone who wants it. That's a harsh reality. On the other hand, if that thing out there metastasizes and I use force to clean it up, I'm seen as a monster. Then don't be one. I'm not asking you to crush these people. I'm asking you to find a solution. And I'll find one. Thank you. Do it fast. They start calling it tent city, I've lost control. Walk with me. What's up? How long will it take you to get a story in the paper? - In the papers? - Not in the mood, Derrick. If you mean online, I can get something out by lunch. - Why? - Okay, good. I want to go hard after Pat McGann. I want to shame him into taking care of these demonstrators. Wait, that doesn't make any sense. McGann doesn't care about the homeless, but believe me, he does care about his reputation. No, I mean, Bobby told me to lay off McGann because he just made a deal to put Ickaris on his land. - Excuse me? - He didn't tell you? No. He did not. I don't get it. I mean, I know this is hardball but out of nowhere, that guy gets that prize? - It doesn't make any sense. - It makes perfect sense to me. You know something? Nothing you need to concern yourself with. - Sounds like I do. - Derrick. I don't like having to go out there and spin bullshit based on something you and the mayor are keeping from me. I'm starting to feel like a fucking sell-out! You are not a sell-out. Just keep your head down. Do your job. So we're back to that, Jessica? Just when I thought you put cause over politics... you remind me who you really are. That's right. The biggest, baddest operator around. Be glad I am. Yeah, "plaintiff" is misspelled, and I told you that you can't get a TRO without proving irreparable harm. Yeah, well, all right. I'm here. Are you avoiding me? Yeah, I told Michelle Finn to write a shitty brief so that you would believe I'm busy. I just... haven't seen you since I got back. Thought you were all tied up doing Pat McGann's bidding. I don't like doing it. You're going to have to be more specific. I don't know what "it" is, remember? It's important to keep my hands clean. Can you please ask the new paralegal to proof these? It's not my job to find mistakes. I'm sorry about L.A. I didn't mean to leave you in a lurch. You left me in an adjacent hotel room with your wife. Can you stop moving for a second? Look, Steph told me what happened. It's all out in the open now. You say that like it's a good thing. At least there's no more lying. No more slinking around. I think there's something to be said for that. I'm quitting, Bobby. What? I'm in talks with McDermott. I'm gonna come in at partner. $310,000 a year. - It seems like a good fit. - You're overreacting. Believe it or not, I've actually given this a lot of thought. You're the City Attorney of Chicago. You're gonna give that up to become one of a hundred junior partners? I've been here five years. I think I've gotten everything I can out of this job. And yeah, it might be nice to be a face in the crowd for once. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. It's fine. Is this the right brief? I can come back. We're just wrapping things up. Was there anything else? Not now. - Thank you. - Thank you. I hear congratulations are in order. Well... you should be congratulating the people on the South Side. I'm bringing in 4,000 new jobs. And a very big one for you. - Ickaris. - Ickaris. Sounds almost mythical. Mm, that's a big get for a man that was just holding a pair last week. Luck of the Irish I guess. Well, now that you're flush, you can pony up on that money that you promised to relocate the people of North Park. This again. You're like a broken record. There's a homeless encampment growing outside of City Hall. Doesn't look very good for your friend, Bobby. Well, you know how much it would run me to house those people indefinitely? I'm not in the welfare business. You have over 200 vacant units in Streeterville. You can't repay Bobby with a little finder's fee? Sorry, honey. Doesn't work that way. And why is that? Because Nick killed Tommy Diehl for you? I knew you had something on Bobby. I just didn't know it was coming through Nick. - Where is Nicky, by the way? - I was hoping you'd tell me. I don't know what you think you're gonna do with this theory of yours. But I've got a groundbreaking to prepare for. I'm not gonna do anything with it. No, I'm gonna hold on to it and watch the walls close in. I'm Irish, remember? I'll be fine. You're gonna need a hell of a lot more than a Goddamn leprechaun to get you out of this one. - Angela, can I talk to you? - I just clocked in. Did you take food from the cafeteria after your shift on Wednesday? - Yes. - Do it again, and I'm going - to have to write you up. - I didn't steal anything. They were going to throw that food out. As required under the health code. Wasting perfectly good food is required? If someone gets sick, they could sue the hospital. None of these people are going to sue. - I promise you. - Look. I know your family's going through a hard time, and I'm on your side. Then cut me some slack. And it's not just my family out there. According to my supervisor, you've been given more than enough slack. One more thing, Angela. Did anyone help you? - What? - With the food. Did anyone help you take it? I need to know the truth. No. No one. How was the mayor's conference? Uh, imagine 100 egomaniacs who all want to be governor under one roof, now add booze. I understand it was you and the mayor's wife. How was that? I have a TRO blowing up in my face. Is there something I can help you with? I take it you've seen the tents outside? I have. My family is part of that protest, and the mayor has asked me to find a solution. Not promises, but a solution, and that means money. - Okay. - I saw how you handled the police negotiations. No one knows the budget better than you. I appreciate that, but North Park was already litigated, and as I recall, you dropped the lawsuit in exchange for a job. Well, this isn't about the law, Keri. It's not even about winning. It's about doing the right thing. And I know somewhere inside you you hated doing - what you had to do. - Sure. - I'm sorry? - I'll help you. Just clear your evening and order some Chinese food. I like orange chicken, but I'll pretty much eat anything. Okay, I'm here. Anything? Someone said they saw his car at Jimmy V's on Western. Near the old 299? When? Late last night. I think I may know where he is. - Okay, so if we eliminate... - Cut in half. Fine. Cut in half... forestry education... then... then we can triple our rent stipend. You know, you're talking about cutting - a school program for kids. - About trees. - Who don't vote. - Okay. Even this only covers the stipends for a year. Hopefully I can sell Angela on this. I need that in writing from her, signed. No more protests, no more lawsuits. - This is the end. - I understand. Thank you. I'm glad we could find a solution. This takes me back. I haven't worked like this since I was an associate. - Yeah, do you miss it? - Not one bit. But it's nice to know I still got it. - Hey, can I ask you something? - Sure. How do you think I would do at a law firm? Like a real one. A corporate law firm? - Where's this coming from? - Nothing. I'm just rethinking my career. That's all. - That's all? - Yeah. You're not the only one allowed to have a huge career change. Well, then no wonder you were so eager to help me while you still can. Must have been some flight back from L.A. What happened out there, Keri? She knows, and the worst part is she's not angry. She just... pities me. I'm sorry. Yeah. So... imagine me at your old firm, Pearson, Specter, Litt. How would I do? You're a great lawyer, Keri. I have no doubt you'll be a star wherever you go. But? But you'll just be changing your business card. I know. So if you're really asking me whether you should get another job to change the situation you're in, I can't answer that for you. Yeah. Yo, Derrick. Hold up. You weren't at the Tuesday night game. I'm overworked and out of shape. Fred P. was talking trash about you. Yeah, he throw up his usual 20 bricks from the outside? At least. Hey, what's the deal with the mayor's trip to Seattle? - People are talking. - Yeah? What are they saying? They're saying he's doing all kinds of dirty shit to throw Ickaris to this McGann asshole. That's true. Can I get that on the record? Listen. Off the record. That guy on the fifth floor is as shady as they come. And he knows he's going to get major blowback when this comes out, but he's doing it anyway, because he knows that it's going to bring millions to the people that need it the most. I'm telling you, don't go after him just to get print. This guy's on the right side. Maybe so, but I've got a boss to answer to. Newsroom's half the size since you left. Look, you write about Bobby keeping his promise to revitalize the South Side, and "a source close to the mayor" will slip you a copy of the budget before it comes out next month. Deal? Come to the game next Tuesday, hmm? Bring some of that Kool-Aid you've been drinking. I get thirsty. What are you doing in my stuff? - No... nothing. - You going through my shit? No, I... I can explain. I don't want to know. Can I just have my desk back? - What's wrong? - Nothing's wrong. I'm just in a bad mood. I'm allowed to be - in a bad mood. - Well, can I help? If it's about work, - I can definitely help. - You can what? Offer me advice? It's about stuff you know nothing about. I have amazing instincts. Amazing instincts? Yoli, you don't have instincts. You have opinions. And you know what they say about opinions. Everyone's got one. Now can I please have my space back? Thank you. Thank you for coming at this hour. I don't have far to travel. What do you want? Not here to fight. I'm not here to beg you to come home. I'm here to give you this. What is it? It's an agreement with the city. It triples your rent stipends for a year, and add that to the Section 8 voucher, and everybody out there can get a safe and affordable apartment. - A year? - Mm-hmm. And what happens when the lease is up? We open up the budget and we try again. - You try? - Angela, listen... No, you listen to me for once. I'm out here looking after my neighbors and my family. Something you know nothing about. That's not fair, and you know it. You're too busy trying to get some stranger from being deported rather than help us. What part of that isn't true? If this is really about your neighbors and your family, take it to them. Let them decide, because it's the best deal - they're going to get. - Yeah. Says the woman who dropped our lawsuit. All I've done since I got to Chicago is try and help. And you have fought me at every turn. You won, Angela. This? This is a win. Take it. Don't you dare try to hurt your neighbors because you're angry with me. You won. I'll talk to them. I gotta go. The boys are getting up in a few hours. I miss them. They miss you, too. A lot of people are looking for you. I can still see him sitting right there. He had that... Big leather swivel chair. Don't romanticize him, Nicky. Okay, Diehl was as mobbed-up as they come. He made his own guys pay him to get work. So that means he deserved to die? I didn't tell you to fucking kill him. You didn't have to. All you had to do was tell Pete Novak to have his hothead bastard take care of it. Did you tell Jessica Pearson what you did? What does it matter? - Did you tell her? - No, I didn't. Well, she figured it out. And she can take us all down, Nick. Is that what you want? Aw, jeez. All right, anything happens to me, that tape goes right to the FBI. Here's the thing. We're the only two on that tape, Pat. What if we're both gone? Case closed. Put the gun down. Be kinda poetic, wouldn't it? Two of us go out right here where it happened? You gonna do that to Bobby? Bobby's free. And so am I. There's another way. What's that? Let sleeping dogs lie. I mean, you're staring at ghosts, Nicky. Nobody gives a shit about Tommy Diehl but you. World's a better place without him. Live your life. ♪ Another day in America ♪ Angela! Hey, I have been looking for you. - I'm Carlos Salazar. - I know who you are. What are you doing here? I'll be quick. Look, I just wanted to let you know that I saw your name in the paper - and that you're not alone. - Okay? Okay, and later today I'll have my volunteers out with food, blankets, prescription pickups for the elderly... Whatever you need. Thank you, but, uh... We don't need any help. This is all gonna be done soon. Uh... I don't understand. Well, I spoke with the city last night. They gave us an offer. We discussed it, and we're going to take it. Do you mind if I give you a second opinion? Uh... I don't know. I have some experience wrestling with the city. Is that the offer? Wrestle away. What are you thinking? Honestly, this is just a Band-Aid to get you off the street. Maybe, but it's the best offer we're going to get. That I know. Who told you that? Look, don't you see? The fact that the city came back so quickly means that this is working. And with my help, we can raise the heat even more. Look, my neighbors are tired and hungry. They need real heat, okay? They just want this to be over with. Then convince them to stay the course, and you'll get them everything you asked for and more. That's the thing, it was my idea to come out here. They put their faith in me. And now I'm asking you to put your faith in me. All right, Angela, you have started a movement here. And it is bigger than North Park. Let's do this together. Let me help you. - Hey, Earl! - Hey. Perch are still biting. Got some fresh soft shell, if you're interested. Nah, I'd rather have a minnow tip with an inline spinner. Wow. Can't even agree with your old man on bait. Hey, sweetheart. Hi, Dad. What brings you here to my retirement mistake? Ahh, I can't just stop by? Busy girl like you? Talk to me. I'm thinking about quitting. - To run for Congress? - No. Go work in one of those fancy law firms on Lake Shore. - No shit. - You think I'm a sell-out. - I can see it. - No, I got nothing against making money. I may not be very good at it, but... Is this the job? Or is this really about the guy at work you've been seeing? - How... - "I don't have time for a relationship"? Come on. Can't fool me. I was on the job for 20 years. - It's com... - It's complicated. - It is! - Well, if it's complicated, let this guy find another job. You're the goddamn City Attorney. Who the hell is he? Hey. I stayed on the job too long because there was nothing else I could do. You don't need my approval to cash out. You've done your time. Thanks, Dad. Hey, it's me again. Call me. Shall I come back? Not if you've got a solution to the tents. Actually, Keri and I worked all night. I'm expecting a signed agreement from my cousin any minute. Good. Is that it? Have you heard from Nick? - No. - Maybe you should ask your friend Pat McGann where he is. What the hell does that mean? Clearly, Nick was unsettled by something McGann did. That's why he went after him. Look, they go back a long way together. Could have been any one of a million things. Oh, come on, Mr. Mayor. A grown man doesn't go after another unless his back is against the wall, or he's been betrayed. Were you there? You don't know what went on. What I know is that whatever started that fight, and whatever made you give him Ickaris is one in the same. We're done here, Ms. Pearson. Not now! You said you would distance yourself from that man. You had one arm free, and now this. Why the hell would you let him back in? You lost the chance to cross-examine me when you lost your license. What? You need to see this. The city's offer was an insult. The fact is, the complete disregard for human life goes on in too many cities across the country, and Chicago is only one of them. The homeless are moved from shelter to shelter like prisoners, but they're not prisoners. They're citizens. They're voters. What's your message to Mayor Novak? Our message is simple. We're gonna blanket downtown with tents and fill City Council chambers tonight and every night until something gets done because this is an atrocity and it has to stop now. You want to tell me what the hell is going on? I thought you had a signed agreement. That man must have gotten to her. Yeah, obviously. ♪♪♪♪ Salazar. You need to say something, or it's going to look like you're running from a fight. Yeah, I'm well aware of that, Derrick, thank you. Do I have a fight on my hands, Ms. Pearson? Hold off on making a statement for now. - I'll see what I can do. - You sound a lot like someone who's running for mayor. Are you ready to announce? What I'm ready for... What was that about? You see what's going on out there? I'm not talking about the tents. I'm talking about the man with the microphone. - Who? Salazar. - Mm-hmm. He's been firing shots at Bobby since he got into office. Plus, he's rising in our internal polls. He's running for mayor? He hasn't announced it yet, but he's definitely no joke, and your cousin just gave him a cause. I guess Yoli was right. What does Yoli have to do with this? She was pushing me to give him the alderman seat. Said he was the only real choice. Uh-huh. You going to see your cousin? My cousin's not the leader anymore. Mr. Salazar? - I'm Jess... - Jessica Pearson. I know who you are. Would you give us a minute? Mm-hmm. - I'm Angela Cook's cousin. - Right. And you're also the mayor's... what is it you do again? I guess someone like you doesn't need a title, do you? You got the mayor's attention today. Yeah, and I'm sure he'd like me off his doorstep as soon as possible. So what are you here to threaten me with? That I'm gay? I don't talk about it. Everybody knows, nobody cares. I'm not here to threaten you. I'm here to make you an offer. If it isn't permanent housing for the people camped out at City Hall, then we've got nothing to talk about. The offer's not for them. It's for you. - I don't take bribes. - It's not a bribe. - It's a ladder. - What does that mean? The vacant alderman seat for the 54th. It's yours if you want it. If I wanted to be an alderman, Ms. Pearson, I'd run for alderman. No, you'd just rather hop right into the big office before you're ready. Oh, there's no such thing as ready. - The time is now. - The timing might be right for that little sideshow you've got going in the park, but once the media gets tired of it in about a week and Bobby's ad buys start running, you'll be yesterday's news. And so I should just be Bobby's lapdog on City Council instead? No. Be his friend. Get some experience, and at the end of his second term, maybe he'll support your run to replace him. You know I could get up at that City Council meeting tonight and tell everyone about your littler offer, right? You won't. In fact, you won't show up at all. And that's how I'll know we have a deal. 'Cause like you said, someone like me doesn't need a title. Keri. Can you meet me around back? Not being very discreet. If you believe my wife, everyone in City Hall already knows about us. Not Simone in permits. She's be crushed. Rebecca Adler from McDermott called me today about you. She didn't want it to seem like she was poaching. Did you blackball me? I told her she was getting the best lawyer I've ever seen. I know that wasn't easy. Don't go. Bobby, don't. I love you. Did you hear what I said? Yes. It doesn't make a difference. - How can you say that? - Because it isn't true. You think I would make that up just to get you to stay? No, I think if you really loved me, you would let me go. - We can make this work. - When? Are we gonna do it after the election? After the next election? You're not going to leave your sick wife and two kids, and I don't want you to. - Keri... - Bobby, listen to me. You brought Jessica in to protect me because you knew this day was coming. Here it is. I... I have got to be somewhere else right now. I've got to get away from you and your brother and McGann and all of it and if you really love me, you will let me go. Please. - Hey. - Hey. - You got a minute? - I don't know. Pretty busy giving my opinions to everyone. I'm sorry. I was mad at myself for towing the party line and I took it out on you. You know, you should be very proud about the way you act around here. Your loyalty's a strength. You always speak your mind. Well, I'm trying to rein it in because you challenged me and... Okay, fine. I'm just gonna say this once. I admire you. So can I show you why I was poking around your stuff? I wanted to thank you for helping me with my mom. Go ahead, open it. These Everlasts are like top of the line! - How did you... - I just googled "Best boxing gloves." - Thank you. - You're welcome. Can I give you a hug or something? Of course. Thank you. No, sure. - For the... - Yeah. - Thank you. - Mm-hmm. - Hey. - Hey. Um, I was going to take the offer, but Carlos made some good points. I just want you to know this isn't personal. Well, if you're waiting for Carlos, I'm afraid he's not coming. What? How do you... I did what I had to do to end this. I just told you, this isn't personal. That man is using you, Angela. I'm trying to find a solution that works for everybody. By finding a way to silence the one person willing to make a change? By actually putting him in a position to make change. The council will come to order. Well, I'm glad you came to town, Jessica. Really opened my eyes. It's politics, Angela, and it's not pretty. If the council could come to order, please. Yeah, I see that. The council will come to order! If the council will come to order, please. I will now... We deserve your respect! I will now call the roll. Look, I know many of you are part of the demonstration downstairs, and I know you want to speak. When everyone settles down, we can form a line for questions. You suck, yo! Excuse me, Mr. Mayor. My name is Angela Cook. Like everyone here, I'm done with questions and I need answers. We're angry. I'm angry that a place my family and I called home our entire life was torn down so fast we didn't have time to pack. I'm angry you decided your developer friend is more important than... Tina Matthews here, who works in a school cafeteria. Or Miss Gloria Green, who raised her three kids in a one-bedroom home. Her oldest son is serving our country in Afghanistan. That's right! But what I'm most angry at is that you think we'll take the scraps you're handing us and give up. Let me tell you something, Mr. Mayor. You can take our homes, our rights, but you cannot silence our voices. We're on your doorstep now, and we aren't going anywhere. Not going anywhere! Not going anywhere! Not going anywhere! Not going anywhere! Not going anywhere! Not going anywhere! Not going anywhere! Not going anywhere! Not going anywhere! Not going anywhere! Not going anywhere! - Bobby, I... - Nick? - Bobby's not here. - I know. - Can I come in? - What's going on? I need some legal advice. Um... I can't... I can't... I can't help you. I can recommend somebody. Let me make a call. No, no, no. It has to be you. Okay, okay. What... what's going on? I killed someone. And I want to confess. Synchronized by srjanapala - Aaron. - Aaron. Oy! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 