Pearson: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pearson 
 s1e3 - The Union Leader - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pearson (2019): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Union Leader - full transcript 
 Jessica goes head to head with McGann, who doesn't like her challenging his alderman appointee. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Effective immediately, I have decided to resign as alderman of the 54th ward. Now you have 60 days to replace her with someone who better represents the community. Thanks to you, today's my last day. I can't very well hire an assistant who doesn't know everyone in City Hall. - Ms. - Pearson is late for a meeting. Move aside now. I can really use someone who knows his way around. She asked if I'd be her driver. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Did she? It's not a bad idea, you know? Don't think, just do your job and let me know what Bobby's doing with this woman. I'm giving her an office, that's all. Hey, that shit with North Park is nothing compared to what she could find. And that's why I hired her. Cory, Mark, say hello to your cousin Jessica. She is a successful woman, Angela. She's all talk, Mom. ♪ I need a dollar, dollar ♪ ♪ Dollar, that's what I need ♪ ♪ Hey, hey ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Well, I need a dollar, dollar ♪ ♪ Dollar, that's what I need ♪ ♪ Hey, hey ♪ ♪ Said I need a dollar, dollar ♪ ♪ Dollar, that's what I need ♪ ♪ And if I share with you my story ♪ ♪ Would you share your dollar with me? ♪ ♪ Bad times are coming ♪ ♪ And I reap what I done sowed ♪ ♪ Hey, hey ♪ ♪ Well, let me tell you something ♪ ♪ All that glitters ain't gold ♪ ♪ Hey, hey ♪ I've seen this movie before. What movie's that? The one where you tell me you work for the mayor and he wants to see me. Turns out I work for you today. You decided to take me up on my offer? It's what you want, isn't it? Just a little surprised, is all. What changed your mind? Good news isn't enough for you, lady? You gotta dissect the shit out of it? All right, first of all, if we're going to do this, you're gonna have to stop calling me lady. If we're gonna do this, maybe we should stop talking about what to call you and get to work, Ms. Pearson. Work it is. Oh, I got it this time. Hey, I'm sorry that I'm running late. There was an issue with the hot water in my building, and the super took an hour to get here, though I'm not sure why 'cause he lives on the first floor. Why aren't you talking? I hear you. You're running late. - Yeah, so I just didn't want - you waiting around for me If you need to go see Morrissey about the endorsement. What are you talking about? You wanted to go over strategy for the WBC meeting. You made a big deal out of it. It's not a problem. You're being weird. Are you in the office? Very good. Keep me posted. I'll do that. Classical. I can change it if you want. Not on my account. I like it. So have you always lived in Chicago? What are you doing? It's called making conversation. - I'm not one for small talk, Ms. - Pearson, especially when I'm working. If you want to chat, get yourself a cab or an Uber. No, I don't need to chat, but I do need someone who knows City Hall is in the other direction. We're not going to City Hall. We're going to see Mr. McGann. I don't work for Pat McGann. I work for the mayor. We both do, and he wants you to take this meeting. And may I ask where the mayor is? He's out of pocket. Out of pocket. And that's a quaint term meaning? Meaning none of your business. Hmm. I asked you to drive me, Nick, because you know your way around, and I didn't mean that you know which streets go one way. So the next time the mayor or anyone else asks you to take me somewhere, you check with me first. Those are my rules. And go! Last time I saw you, things didn't go so well for you. I got my project, and you got some vague job with the mayor. I'd say it worked out well for both of us. Glad to hear there aren't any hard feelings. Not from me. Eh, where's Bobby? Whatever you say to him, you can say to me. You speak for him now too. Only when I need to. I hope that's not too vague for you. I'm beginning to enjoy this. I can go all day. Good. We can finally get to know each other. Before you skip to the honeymoon, I know there's something on your mind or you wouldn't have summoned the mayor first thing. Let's get to it. The vacant alderman seat in the 54th. What about it? I want my friend Betsy Sullivan sitting on it. I wasn't aware you appointed aldermen. I don't. Bobby does. And now I'm telling him who to appoint. I hope that's not too vague for you. Not that I don't trust your judgment, but that's an important ward for Bobby. So before I recommend anybody, I'm gonna have to do a little due diligence. A smart woman like you, I'd expect nothing less. See that? That wasn't painful. We might just find common ground after all. - Well, do me a favor, Ms. - Pearson. Do your vetting today. I don't want that seat collecting dust. Don't forget your lunch, baby. There you go. - Cory, come on. - Coming. Hey, Mom, can I go to Jonah's birthday party? Yeah. When is it? Next week. Uh, of course you can. Thanks for asking. That was very polite. Are we still going to be here? What? I thought we have to move. - No, no. - We're not going anywhere. Don't worry about that. Yeah! He's not in yet, Keri. - It's 10:00. - Where is he? I talked to him for a couple seconds. He said he had some personal business. Okay. Does he know we have a meeting at 2:00 today? - It's still on the books. - I assume he does. Tell him I stopped by. - While I have you here... - I'm not doing the stupid "Faces of City Hall" thing. Come on, Keri, ever since that messed-up Jessica rollout, PR has been really getting on me - about doing something positive. - I don't have time. It's just a couple of pictures for the website and a meet-and-greet with some high school girls. In and out, I'll work it around your meeting... No, uh, no, I like my privacy, Derrick. I know, but PR likes you. Chicago girl, civic duty, you know how it is. It makes us look relevant. You good? Good. I'll bring the photographer by your office later. You're a pain in the ass. No school today? I'm spending some time with my kids, Ms. Pearson. You have a problem with that? Not at all. The only thing I have a problem with is you dumping McGann on me after what he did to my family. How'd you think this was going to go, hmm? Did you think you were gonna be spending your days helping out in soup kitchens? You knew the deal. Oh, I knew he was a part of it. I didn't know he was gonna fill the entire city council with his cronies. He doesn't. I don't think he knows that. Look, from the minute you pulled your little magic act and got Debbie Coats out, it was just a matter of time - before he made a suggestion. - It's what he does. I was with him five minutes ago, and it wasn't a suggestion. It was a direct order for me to give to you. Dad! Son of a bitch. Dad! Daddy! What do you want me to say? You want permission to say no to him? That's exactly what I want. Dad, look at me! Strong, buddy! You saw what went down on North Park. We'll end up in the same goddamn place. Not if you draw a line in the sand. It's one of 50 aldermen. I can't die on every hill. Besides, maybe he's not such a bad choice. He is a she, and you told the press yesterday that was an important ward. Yesterday was yesterday. Good morning. Morning. What are you doing in my office? Besides brightening it up? I was getting a filing system started for you and getting rid of this old-ass pen. By the way, is this when you usually get in? - It's not like I'm trying - to come in late or anything. I just want to know so I can anticipate your needs. Coffee? First of all, that old-ass pen is a graduation gift and a keepsake, so we're just gonna put that back. Okay. As for my coffee, I'm very particular. I get it on the way in. I'm sorry. - I just wasn't trying to... - I know what you were trying to do, and in time, you will learn. But what I need now is a lunch reservation for two and everything you can find on a woman named Betsy Sullivan. - Hyde Park Betsy Sullivan? - You know who she is? Yeah, she's like some rich b... woman who throws fundraisers and shit, real society type. Okay, well, that's a start, but I need more than what you read in "Splash." "Splash," look at you, getting all trendy. Okay, Yoli, I need you to focus. I don't need gossip. I need a dossier. If she's a public figure, there's information on her businesses, politics, net worth, lawsuits against her. Yeah, I... I got it. I'm on it. And you need this by when? Right, by lunch. If you're gonna talk the talk... Hey, hey, I got you. I got it, I'm on it. Don't worry about me. You're gonna have a reservation and a dossier to choke un caballo in less than an hour. Well, that's what I like to hear, and, Yoli? Take that. Yeah. Careful with that knife. You could get hurt. Wait, what are you doing here? There are no cameras in this room. Relax, flack. I work here now. You work on the fifth floor? - I'm Jessica Pearson's - brand-new executive assistant. Wait, what? Don't choke on your McMuffin. You work for the same woman you trashed all over social media and got fired because of? I didn't get fired because of her. I got fired because you're a spineless weasel. Okay, don't make this personal. You crossed the line, and you know it. According to you. No, according to the employee handbook. Yeah, well, you didn't have to do it in front of my friends. I'm sorry. That wasn't the plan. Look, now that you're here, why don't you drop the attitude and let me show you around? I know this place inside and out. I've been here two years. I don't need a tour guide. - I wasn't talking about... - Let me ask you something, flack. Okay, that right there is going to have to stop. If I hadn't walked in here just now, would you have called me to apologize? Yeah, I didn't think so. Can I be blunt, Ms. Sullivan? You can if you call me Betsy. The ward you're interested in representing is on the South Side. I know, I know. What's a white woman from Hyde Park doing here? That's the blunt part. From the time I was little, it was hammered into my head how fortunate I was. There were some days growing up where it killed me to know that while I was taking ballet, those poor people across the boulevard were taking bullets. So call it community service, call it guilt, but I have always wanted to help that community. That's very reassuring, but if you really wanted to help, then why build your last factory out in Elmhurst? Why not in the 54th? Mm, that's a fair question, but did you also know that we employed over 100 former prisoners? I did not know that. We gave them jobs. It's my understanding ex-cons aren't allowed in the union. How'd you get around those rules? Well, there are always ways. But the point is, it was good for everyone. And, believe me, they were grateful for the work. Hmm. I told you, Betsy's the real deal. She's that and a whole lot more, and I'm afraid she's not a fit. I don't think I like the sound of that. I told you I had to do my due diligence, Pat. Yeah, well, what's wrong with her? Aside from being a racist? Let's just say her policies aren't in line with the mayor's, especially her views on labor. You got all that from one lunch? I got all that before the crab cakes arrived. Well, you know, I'm just gonna take this to Bobby. Oh, and miss out on all that time with me? You don't want to do that. Why don't I put together a list of candidates that don't alienate the mayor's base and works for both of us? I'll have my lovely assistant send them over, and then we can finally have that dinner we've been talking about. You do that. It's a date. He doesn't take "no" well. He'll get used to it. Sorry, it's so silly. No, you're doing great. Just a few more. Um, act like you're working. Good. I keep thinking about how models always say this is such hard work. Models work. Yeah, right. Sitting poolside in Bali is hell compared to document production till 10:00. Is that when you get off? Delilah's has a killer whiskey. Oh, I... uh... thanks, I'm flattered, but... You're seeing someone. I get it. Derrick, help me out here. Someone skipped their HR lecture. - Sorry, I didn't mean anything... - No, it's fine. Uh, I actually do have a meeting, though. So, um, I have to go. Thank you so much. Yeah, thank you. See you around. Is Bobby meeting us there? I thought you were just bullshitting him. - It's off. - Meeting got pushed. What, why? You know how he is sometimes. That's all he said? That and that he's spending the day with his wife. You know, happy wife, happy mayor, good for everyone. Q&A; is at 4:00, Heidi Klum. Dark roast with a splash of cream, no sugar. I figured we might be going late. You know my drink. I talked to a woman named Donna at your old firm. - I'm sorry. - Don't kill me. I know it's a big swing. There's a fine line between being resourceful and being intrusive, Yoli. Which side of it am I on? Well, you're on the right side, but you are pushing it. Do you have names for me? Are you kidding? I've been waiting for years for someone to ask me who should be on city council. I've compiled a short list, but, um, Carlos Salazar is your real choice. Yeah, he's a legitimate grassroots organizer. - Last year, he staged a protest - against some whack-ass store That prohibited their employees from speaking Spanish. It was truly inspiring. And he deserves a seat on city council why? I thought I just told you. You told me why you like him. I need someone I can sell to the mayor and big-money backers. Honest, I thought you'd respond to Latino. Because I speak Spanish? No, because you're Latina. You are Latina, aren't you? Aunt Lillian? Wait... wait... wait now. Hold on, tell me exactly what it says. Can they just throw us out like this? It's gonna be all right. We're gonna figure something out, okay? I don't know what to do. Tell me something, did this happen just now? It was supposed to be 90 days. It's hard enough as it is with Angela working double and triple shifts, and then, bam, act of God, this. This wasn't God. Mama, you okay? I ran into Miss Joyce, and she said... What's she doing here? Angela. We're being evicted. They want us out in a week. - I know what's going on. - I saw the signs. That wasn't my question. You know what? Lillian, it's okay. I gotta get back to work. Yes, Jessica has to get back to work. Thanks for checking on my mother, Jessica. What is wrong with you? You never get so angry. She was only trying to help. I'm not angry at Jessica. I'm angry 'cause my little boy's worried about where he's gonna live and whether he can go to his friend's birthday party, and I don't know what to tell him. That is why I called her. Before she got here, you would've called me. You would've called me. I'll have whatever he's having. Just put it on his tab. You're early, Ms. Pearson. They don't start serving dinner till 6:00. Pretty low coming after my family. Oh, this again? I thought we were over North Park. We were, until you had someone move up the eviction date. Seven days? That's not enough time to pack a goddamn toothbrush much less find a place to live. My investors want to see progress. - I needed to send a message. - Oh, bullshit. That message was for me, and I got it, loud and clear. I also got the message you want to send to the unions by putting Betsy Sullivan on city council. Betsy and I are interested in making a difference in this city. The only difference you're interested in is to your bottom line. Now, let me see if I got this straight. If Betsy represents the 54th, she'll be able to slip a loophole into the next budget which will let you hire nonunion labor on North Park. That saves you, what, 40, 50 million? A good chunk of it going to Bobby's reelection. If he gets reelected. You put that woman in in that neighborhood, he won't be. - I don't agree. - I want this taken care of. What you want is the unions off your back, and you don't need her for that when you have me. Well, how you gonna do that? Don't you worry about that. But when I do, my family gets the 90 days they're entitled to and not a minute less, are we clear? Last time we shook, it came back to bite me in the ass. Remember that. So there I was standing with mustard on my blouse in front of the jury desperately trying to remember the first lines of my opening statement, and, um, I just really wanted to run away in that moment, and then I heard a snicker from opposing counsel, and that was all the motivation I needed. Just... rage. Now here I am today talking to a bunch of girls from my awesome alma mater in front of the awesome Art Institute, and it doesn't get much better than this. You have time for one more question? Sure, yeah. - Yeah, hi. - What's your name? Uh, Tasha. Tasha, what's your question? Are you married or in a relationship, and if so, how do you balance it all? Um, actually, no, I'm not. Gives me more time to conquer the world. This isn't a question, but I didn't know you'd be this cool. Thanks, I think. No, really, you're, like, classy and successful, and you have integrity. You're my new role model. Well, thank you so much for coming out today. Okay, thank you. - Thank you. - Yeah. Okay, guys. Have fun. Come on, baby. Run it out. Ooh, damn, baby. You looking for me? Hey, you, come... take it outside. All of you, come on. Get out. Sorry about that. I've walked by a few construction sites in my day. And I'm sure you've heard worse, but still. - Frank Cramer. - What can I do for you? Jessica Pearson, I work for the mayor. I thought you looked familiar. I saw you on TV the other night. Yes. Let me get these for you. This is my youngest. She, uh... she hates when I sell them for her, but, boy, does she love winning the award. So what does the mayor want with me? Well, actually, I'm not here on the mayor's behalf. I'm here to talk about Pat McGann. Oh, uh, what about him? Well, Mr. McGann provides a lot of work for your men, and he's about to break ground on North Park, which means plenty more. All he wants in exchange for that work is a way to keep his costs down. I seriously hope you're not suggesting what I think you are. All we're asking is a limited percentage of nonunion labor. You still get your fair cut. I just want to be clear. You're offering me money to turn a blind eye. All I'm saying is that Mr. McGann is more than willing to compensate for lost wages. Mine or my men? Well, that's all a part of a conversation... - This is the conversation, Ms. - Pearson. We're having it right now, and I don't... like it. I know you don't know me. And you have no reason to trust me, but you don't want a war with this man. Well, you're right, and I already let scabs through on his LaSalle site because I don't. I know the rumors, but I take a payout from that butcher and let this go, what's next? I mean, it's suicide for my union and for me. - It's business... - and it's better for your men in the long run, and Pat McGann will remember that. - Do you have family, Ms. - Pearson? I do. And would you do anything you could for them? I'd like to think so. Well, these guys are my family. We're at each other's weddings, and when someone has a baby or when someone's in the hospital, we sweat blood for each other, and I'm not selling them out, not a limited percentage, not one of them. Now get out of here. Yo, what were you guys just talking about in there? That was a private conversation between myself and the head of your union. Listen to you. You're one of those educated ones. - Hey, I'm talking to you, lady. - Get your hands off her. We're just talking. You little piece of shit. - They should've kept you locked - up when they had the chance. What are you gonna do? You're not a real cop anymore. You can't... - See that? Look at me! It means I work for the... mayor. - I can do whatever I want. - Now get the... out of here. You gonna talk about that? Talk about what? You act like it's a nonevent and I'm gonna be more concerned. It was to me. I don't buy that. What do you want me to say? I want you to tell me who that kid was and why you nearly separated his head from his body. He was all over you. He touched my arm. And I can take care of myself. - He's a two-time loser who - needed to be taught a lesson. The punishment did not fit the crime. What's your problem, lady? It's what you wanted, wasn't it? Excuse me? Someone who knows their way around. You said it. You can get anyone to drive you places. Just don't ask me to be that guy and then be outraged when I am. Those are my rules. Hey, you've reached Jeff Malone. I'm out of the office indefinitely on a case. At the sound of the tone, please leave your name and number, and I'll get right back to you as soon as I can. Hey, it's me. Just... calling to check in, see how you're doing. Things are good here. That's a lie. I know. You warned me about what I was getting myself into. But now that I'm actually helping a man I truly despise, it isn't easy. And I'm doing it all for a family I'm not even sure wants me around. It's funny, right? In New York, I used to just snap my fingers and make things happen. That old trope doesn't seem to be working for me here... And I'm lonely. And I hate it. And I miss you. I miss you. Keri. What are you doing here? I'm not sure, actually. What's going on? I had an unusual day. It was a good day. I, um... had my photo taken for the City Hall website, and I talked to this wonderful group of young women about what it's like to be the city attorney and, uh, a woman. And all I could think about was the married man that I'm having an affair with and why he was being so distant with me on the phone and why I hate myself so much for this. I am so much better than this, Bobby. - Keri. - I know I'm not supposed To be here, but I just need you to tell me something... Stephanie had a relapse. Her leg gave out, and she fell. When? Doesn't matter when. We were at Northwestern all day. What are you gonna do? It's MS. We live our lives. Nobody knows what tomorrow brings, - et cetera, et cetera, et cetera... - Stop it. Don't shut down. Uh, one of the doctors said we should go to the Mayo Clinic, look into alternative treatments. You should do that. Bobby, everything okay? Just Keri from the office. Everything's fine. I'm sorry. Hi. Everything okay with your aunt? My aunt is fine. Good, 'cause I was worried you would miss - your lunch with Carlos Salazar. - Excuse me? Carlos Salazar. We talked about him, remember? For the alderman position. Not that it's any of your business, but I'm not in the market for an alderman. I'm sorry. - I just thought... - No, I know what you thought, Yoli, and we went over this yesterday. It's not your job to make appointments I didn't ask for. It's not your job to push your own agenda. And if you can't learn that, then we're gonna have a problem. I can learn that. I swear, I can learn that. Can I get you anything? No, not right now. My office. - Well, this must be serious. - It is. I just got a call from somebody at the clerk's office. It seems your cousin went down there making a fuss about North Park and her rights and how she's not gonna stop fighting. - Fighting how? - I'm not sure. That's why I'm asking you. - Are you worried she's gonna - start up another lawsuit? Yes, I am, and you should be too, considering your little deal with the mayor. I know Angela. She's proud and passionate, but she doesn't have the time or the means to take serious action. - Well, you might not know her - as well as you think you do, 'Cause she's at city council right now. In regards to the proposed ordinance, I'd like to open the floor to the public. H-hello. My name is Angela Cook, and our building, North Park, was bought up some time ago. And ever since then, we've just been treated wrong. My mother's had that place 51 years, and she's never been late on rent, not one time. And she even planted some jasmine by the entrance to make it pretty. Uh, ma'am, ma'am, this hearing is about awnings on Division Street. And while you all are spending time on that, my... my home's coming down. We were promised three months to get our things in order, and now we're told to get out. Isn't there something you all can do? There has to be a law. Can somebody please tell this young woman she has to leave? These are people's lives we're talking about here. Ma'am, let's go. Sorry to take up your time. - Okay, let's continue the discussion... - Angela. It's okay. - They don't care. - I care. Really? 'Cause if you'd done what you promised, I wouldn't have to be here. Sorry, this isn't on you. Can we go somewhere and talk? Just the two of us. Wait for me here, okay? Just... please. Just wait. Hello? You want to tell me why you're going around town bribing people on Pat McGann's behalf? - I did not bribe Frank Cramer. - I've been out 24 hours. You're about to cost me the support of the unions. If it weren't for me, you'd be losing the support of a hell of a lot more than that. What's that supposed to man? It means the vacant alderman seat, the one out of fifty you were willing to toss Pat McGann's way. He wanted to fill it with a woman who'd decimate the unions. - So instead of doing that - and costing you an election... You thought you'd give McGann what he wants and get Cramer to look the other way. Well, look at that. We're starting to finish each other's sentences. There's only one problem... Cramer's a stand-up guy. He runs a clean shop, and he won't cross lines. Well, in my experience, a man that holds three mortgages on his home just needs a push. - Give him a day. - It's been a day. Has he come crawling yet? You know, I hope you're not saying you want Betsy Sullivan. - I'm saying... - you better find another way to push Frank Cramer, because I've dealt with the man. He's as loyal as they come, and no matter what you say, money's not his weak spot. Let's move on to the next matter at hand, installation of streetlights at 54... Jessica Pearson's office. How well do you know the people in the courts? I told you, I know everybody. Well, now's your chance to show me. Can you help me? Hmm. I don't know. Can I help you? You're actually gonna sit back in your chair like that and gloat? - Don't be a cliché. - Hey, you're the cliché. Coming to me for help after telling me to... off. That's not what I said. I didn't tell you to... off. Hey, what happened to, "I've been here five years. I don't need a tour guide"? Okay, this isn't easy for me, okay? But I can't lose this job, and I dug up some shit for her, and now she thinks I'm a walking, talking Wikipedia page. Like, she wants arrest records and sealed court document orders... - And you don't know where to look. Please tell me you do. Look, we can fight later, and you can rub my nose in it, but right now I really need this. Only doing this because the mayor's not in and I happen to have some free time. - Well, yeah, I know, I know. - You're a very proud man. So, uh, can we do this? All aboard the Derrick tour guide of doing your job. You need anything else tonight? - I've got a life, you know? - I'm not sure. That's a strange answer from a woman like you. A woman like me? From what I've seen, you don't have a lot of self-doubt. Some decisions are easier than others. What did McGann do now? Mm. What makes you think he did anything? 'Cause I know how he operates, and when you cross him like you did, he goes right for the Achilles. He's kicking my relatives out of their apartment if I don't help make that woman alderman. Why do you care about her? I mean, shouldn't that be Bobby's decision? He's been in bed with that man so long, he doesn't know what he wants, especially now with whatever's going on at home. That's where the self-doubt comes in? You got yourself boxed in and you don't know how to get out of it? I know exactly how to get out of it. I just don't know if I want to. Why? Because it means hurting a decent man. Are you asking for my advice? I'm making conversation. For conversation's sake, if it's about family, I say do whatever you gotta do. It doesn't matter what lines are crossed? No. Never? Not for me. Thank you for meeting me. I, uh, was actually gonna call you. Oh? I wanted to apologize for my son's behavior. Heard he got into it with you last night, and I'm sorry about that. He's got problems, Ms. Pearson. My wife and I have spent a fortune sending him in and out of rehab, but nothing we do... I know all about your son's problems, Mr. Cramer. I also know that he's on probation for beating up his ex-girlfriend. What are trying to say? What he did to me constitutes a violation of that parole, and with his record, he's looking at at least five years. Look, I'm not trying to excuse his behavior, but it's not like he assaulted you. Well, I have a sworn statement from a Chicago police officer that says otherwise. Jesus. What do you want? I think you know what I want. God damn it. If I don't push back on that greedy son of a bitch, I'm done. My guys won't support me. I'm 30 years in, lady, 30 years and a mountain of debt from supporting... I'll make sure you get the compensation we discussed. You won't have trouble with the union. Well, that's good to hear. Thought our boy Cramer was beyond reproach. Everyone has a price. I'm gonna need you to cut that check for him. What about Betsy? You got your cheap labor. That's all you're gonna get. That seat stays open, my family gets 90 days, and I expect you to keep your word. Same goes for you. - How's tomorrow night? - For what? For that dinner. We should celebrate. I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. It's from "Casablanca." I know where it's from. You give my family what's due them, and then we'll talk about dinner. They're both out. Danny wanted practically the entire Dr. Seuss library. I think he finally dropped off when they cut down the last Truffula tree. He's such a sweetie. How you feeling? I decided I'm gonna go up there tomorrow. Okay. I'm going with you. You're the mayor. You can't just disappear and then expect no one to ask any questions. Why not? Who says so? If you're going... - Listen, Bobby, you can barely go five minutes without checking your phone or answering an email. Why don't you tell me how you're gonna take your wife to a hospital in another state? - Steph... - Oh, please, just... Please don't suddenly make me a priority because I'm sick. I'm making you a priority because you're my wife. I'm going with you. End of discussion. You have 90 days to move. Will that work? We'll make it work. Come on in. I was just straightening up. Cory's working on a science project about the solar system. Looks more like the Big Bang, if you ask me. I... oh, I think Pluto is over here. Well, it could be Mars. That guy? Oh, that's definitely Mars. It's the red planet. You don't need to clean. I don't mind. So how'd you get them to change their minds? Um, it seems an inspiring, charismatic woman spoke to city council. - Oh, really? - Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's true. At first, it seemed like they weren't listening, but turns out they were actually quite moved. Okay, that's very kind of you, but I'm not buying that for one second. You're the only one there that was listening. So what'd you really do? Whatever I had to. You don't want to talk about it. I did what I had to do. Well, whatever it was, thank you. I really am trying, Angela. I know you are. I met your boys the other day. They are beautiful boys. You're doing an amazing job with them. And, well, I don't know how you do it all, but I'd like to get to know them too. Okay, well, I could call you over to babysit some time. I'd be up for that. Oh, okay. No, seriously. You want to babysit my two kids? You could do a lot worse. - All right. I'm gonna take you - up on that, you know. Yeah, well, bring it. What'd I tell you? - It's made in Colorado. - It's killer, right? Uh, yeah, I'm usually a wine girl, but it's not bad. I didn't mean to put you on the spot yesterday. Ah, don't worry about it. - Luke. - Keri. Nice to meet you, Keri. You too. ♪ Come on, love, it's all right ♪ ♪ Heaven knows they wanna ♪ ♪ Break you apart, yeah ♪ ♪ Kiss your baby good-bye ♪ ♪ Come on, love, it's all right ♪ ♪ You never know unless you ♪ ♪ Give it a try ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Whoa, yeah ♪ ♪ No, no, baby ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ - Aaron. - Aaron! Oy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 