Pearson: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pearson 
 s1e2 - The Superintendent - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pearson (2019): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Superintendent - full transcript 
 Jessica's reputation in the press puts the police contract in jeopardy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm dropping your mother's lawsuit. What do you mean you're dropping it? The mayor offered me a job if I let it go. Well, while you're out here cutting yourself a deal, I have to find my family a place to live. If I take this job, I can do more than just save one housing project. She's a threat to both of us, Bobby. And that's why I hired her. Do your job and let me know what Bobby's doing with this woman. You want me to spy on my brother? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If not for me, do it for yourself. The man who went up against the city was found murdered. If your friend knows something, tell him to show you. You're about to be the mayor's brand new right hand, I live with you, and that makes me a part of it. - So much for having my back. - I do have your back, Jessica. But right now, I need to look after my own. Let me see. Bobby, I have worked too hard to be seen as that girl. No one sees you as that. She does, the woman that you brought in to keep me clean sees me as that. Lillian, I dropped your lawsuit 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 in exchange for a job with the mayor. I know, but why didn't you tell me? I made a promise to save your home, and I couldn't make it happen. You have a problem you need solved. Why don't you tell me what Pat McGann has on you? Where am I in all this? What happens if the truth comes out? Nothing's coming out. Lillian, what are you doing here? Have you heard the saying, if the mountain won't come to Muhammad? Let me guess. This is about me not coming into your home last night. This is about me fixing you a nice warm breakfast and that. Ooh, my, my, my. Wow, I've seen pictures of places like this. I was under the impression that you lived here with somebody. It's complicated. Oh, huh. I had complicated once. Turned uncomplicated when he walked out on us. Lillian, this is incredibly sweet of you, but I was about to run out the door, and I'm running late... Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. - No, I know that, but I... - No, buts. Go tell that boss of yours you'll get there when you get there. Go. Let's see... - I'll be down in 15. - 15? Do you have some place you need to be? No, I've already been waiting half an hour. Then you'll get paid for every minute of it. My Lord, I know this man. Oh, Lillian, I'm sorry. You weren't supposed to see these. This is Carl, my neighbor. What are you doing with a picture of him like this? It's just work stuff. Now what about that breakfast you promised me? You gonna crack those eggs or do I have to do it myself? Old school, I like it. Jessica Pearson. I don't get it. We never had a formal introduction. Now that we're gonna be working together, I thought it was time. I wouldn't actually say we're gonna be working together. We're gonna be working for the same man. And the way I see it, that puts us on the same team. Nick D'Amato. Nice to meet you, Nick D'Amato. Maybe next time you're lurking in the shadows, you'll make a proper introduction. Well, since we're gonna be working together, you should know the mayor's got a thing about being on time. Thanks for the heads up. - Oscar. Hey. - What up? What happened to the posts of your daughter? It's been a whole minute. What, you holding out on me? Obsessed, I'm telling you. Tomorrow's her birthday, putting on a fiesta. Feliz cumpleaños, bebecita. I can't believe she's three already. Right? Do you mind if I slip by? I'm running late. Yeah, we're all going through security, lady. Well, some of us are trying. I don't need you to valet my car, I just need to get to work. Wait, you work here? 'Cause I've been here for five years. I know everyone in this place. Apparently not everyone. I work for your boss. Jason Epstein? Uh-huh. Your other boss, the man upstairs. I knew you'd get it. _ _ Who is that? I mean, Jesus, he's already getting a library. Now you want a stadium? Nobody said stadium. It's a baseball field for kids. Trying to get Obama elected again? I'm trying to get you elected again. Sorry I'm late, I ran into a little nuisance downstairs. I was just leaving anyway. Why don't you take the rest of the morning to get settled. Hell, take the rest of the day, if you want. - The whole day? - Mm-hmm. That's Bobby's way of saying you kicked ass yesterday. Oh, Bobby might have told me that before I made my driver run four red lights. That's 400 large. Do you want her to mail it in or pay directly? Give her a pass. I'm in a charitable mood. Oh, since you're in a good mood, you might want to avoid the elevator, take the back way out. - Oh, we got press? - How many? When they travel in a pack like that, it's hard to count. What do you say, Derrick? Should we throw 'em a bone today? I mean, I'm always the one telling you not to dodge. Have fun. All right, don't all jump at once. The mayor's been kind enough to answer a few questions. Hello, first floor. What's it been, a week? Nine days, actually. Oh, now you're gonna be accurate. Have you thought about a replacement for Alderman Coats? Her resignation was yesterday. It's an important ward, I don't wanna rush the decision. With all due respect, your decisions lately don't exactly make a lot of sense. You wanna be more specific, Terry? Jessica Pearson. You brought in a disbarred New York lawyer to be your fixer. Yeah, I did. What's your question? What exactly is Ms. Pearson going to be doing for you? - Is it legal? - Give me a break. It's a legitimate question. Why are you afraid to answer it? I came out here to do you guys a favor. We're done here. Get out of my face. What the hell was that? I seriously hope you're not blaming me for that. You used to be one of them. From now on, I wanna know every question they're gonna ask before they ask it. That little audible was your idea, not mine. If you want, I can let you go. You can prowl the halls with those assholes again. Look, I'm not saying you deserved it. I know those guys can be brutal, but you had to know they were gonna ask about her at some point. I did know, and I was prepared to answer questions. But she's been here all of 48 hours. She's not even on the payroll yet. - So? - So someone leaked that to embarrass me or her or both. Or people have legitimate questions. And by people, you mean you. Hey, I like the woman, but even I don't know how she ended up working for you, and I'm pretty sure I don't wanna know. Don't push it, Derrick. Look, if you want, I can try to figure out how they got onto her. I don't need a PI, I need a press secretary who protects me. Just do your job. What do you think? Homey, right? Well, it's definitely... lived in. Just give it a good yank. What are my other options? Inventory's limited, budget cuts. But now that I think of it, my husband works in Water Management and his boss just died. I can swap out your desk before they pack up his. You know what, I'm just gonna pick something out, myself. There's really nothing else left in the warehouse. No, I'm not talking about a warehouse. The city won't pay for outside vendors. Do me a favor. Have your friends in Facilities clear this place out, swap out the fluorescents, and there's a brand new Nespresso machine with your name on it. You got it. You ever need anything else, come find me. I will. Okay. Sorry, I had to take that. No, don't worry about it. This won't take much longer, just wanna walk through it with you. So, as we agreed, we're gonna come up on the wages by 6.8... I can't sign it. What? I'm not signing, Keri. Eric, we're at the one yard line. Please don't tell me you're gonna go back on your word. I'm not the one being dishonest here. What does that mean? I can't negotiate with a mayor who has an anti-police agenda. Where is this coming from? My whole family are cops. I defend the department in court. Against Jessica Pearson, who called the department animals and took you for a $4 million verdict. Or do you not remember? She was nothing to do with this. Really? The mayor just hired her to be his what, enforcer? Consigliere? We've known each other a long time, Eric. My father was in the 8th for 30 years. And you are not the problem. Okay, so believe me when I tell you there is a firewall between Jessica Pearson and this negotiation. I don't know what to tell you. I work for them, this is what they want. City Hall, this is the Mayor's office. I don't have him, Ms. Pearson. See, now, the last time it was "the mayor's gone home." I'm starting to think you're scared of me, Derrick. - Not at all. - In that case, I know you're the mayor's press secretary, but seeing as you're the one that put these on my desk, and I don't have an assistant... - You don't know where HR is. - Keep going. And you want me to bring your paperwork to HR for you. You read my mind. Not exactly. What's going on, Derrick? - You don't know. - Know what? You haven't heard anything? No, I haven't heard anything. So are you gonna tell me what's going on, or do you want an actual reason to be scared of me? I don't know which word I hate more, disbarred or fixer. Which word would you like, Ms. Pearson, liability? 'Cause that's what your fast becoming. That little run-in wasn't just about you, Mr. Mayor. Whoever set it up did it to embarrass me just as much. You think I give a shit about whether or not you got embarrassed? Our new contract with the police department just blew up. What are you talking about? They just walked away from a deal Keri's been negotiating for months because of you. - Me? - Yes, you. You're the one who went after the 13th. They brutalized a young man who was already in handcuffs. That was two bad cops and you made it about all of them. Now it seems they don't wanna be in bed with a man who's in bed with you. That's bullshit and you know it. Doesn't sound like bullshit to me. You're not from around here, these things run deep. I hate to break it to you, but the police despise you. The department may, but I'm guessing the only one at the table when this went down was an underpaid union lawyer who saw an opportunity to squeeze you. And let me guess. - You want a shot at him. - Two birds. Instead of telling the public why you brought me in, which you should have had an answer for this morning, show them. This is Keri's business. Take it up with her. You brought me in to put out your fires, Mr. Mayor. Not the ones you goddamn start. - My babies. - Yay! Hey, baby. Come here, come here. - Hey, baby. - Hey, Mom. Hey, Mama. Hey, you're home early. Everything okay? Well, you know, just one step closer to nursing school. - You passed the test. - With flying colors. Thanks, Mom! Top 10%, says it right here. I mean, there's still the part where I have to, you know, go to class and pay for it and everything. Oh, I'm so proud of you, baby. We'll work it out. Does that mean I can get a PS4 now? Let's try something smaller. - Like a laptop. - Or pancakes. - Pancakes! - Exactly. Success makes me hungry. Mommy's gonna be a nurse, Mommy's gonna be a nurse. Mom, where are the eggs? Oh, I used the rest of 'em. When? They were here this morning. I went by Jessica's, made breakfast at her place. You went to her house and made breakfast? Well, I could go to John's, pick up some more. No, no, no, I don't want you running to John's. All right, boys, change of plans. Mac and cheese or chicken nuggets? Chicken nuggets! Chicken nuggets, coming right up. I need a minute. I'm sorry, I'm too busy cleaning up your mess. You know, we can keep slinging mud at each other, or we can talk like two grown women. Oh, the feminist card. You must be desperate. No, I'm not desperate, but I am sorry. Can you be more specific? I'm sorry my hire came back around on you this morning. Your hire didn't come back on me, you did. That trial was a battle, Keri. I went after you and the department hard, but my client suffered at the hands of those cops. You know what your problem, Jessica, your ego. You can't even apologize without justifying it. Okay, you don't like me. It's not that I don't like you, I don't trust you. Well, maybe over time we can gain each other's trust. Plan on sticking around that long? Long enough to help you salvage these negotiations. I'm trying to be upfront here, not go behind your back. So, that's my only option, I work with you or you go rogue? No one's talking about going rogue. You take point, I'll follow your lead. I was two seconds away from closing a deal that would ensure the city of Chicago had an active police force for the next three years. I don't take pleasure in the fact that your past has come back to haunt you, and I'm not trying to punish you. I'm just not dazzled by you like everybody else. So I will say this once, woman to woman. Stay away from my negotiation. Guys, please stick to the approved format across all platforms. Thank you. Tell that to the mayor. What are you talking about? He went Novak again. Her? Jessica Pearson. You brought in a disbarred New York lawyer - to be your fixer. - Yeah, I did. - What's your question? - What exactly is Ms. Pearson going to be doing for you? Is it legal? - Give me a break. - It's a legitimate question. Why are you afraid to answer it? I came down here to do you guys a favor. Get out of my way. I'm coming out the front door. - Where are you now? - Hey, that's her. Why the hell not? I told you ten minutes ago. - Ms. Pearson, excuse me. - Just get here please. - Ms. Pearson... - I'm sorry, excuse me. When did the mayor bring you on? Why did you hire a phony lawyer at your old firm? I said all I'm gonna say about that. Just two weeks ago you were suing the city, now you're working for the mayor. - Do you wanna explain that? - No, I don't. Ms. Pearson's late for a meeting. - Move aside now. - Excuse me, sir. Ms. Pearson. Ms. Pearson! You okay? I didn't peg you for the chivalrous type. Nobody's ever accused me of that before. It was a compliment, not an accusation. And it's my way of saying thank you. I owed you one for the night we didn't meet. Accepted. Look, I don't know if you were headed out to eat or whatever, but if you want, I can sneak you back in through mayor's entrance. Well, actually, if you don't have anything to do, I was headed over to Avalon and 81st. - It's a rough neighborhood. - You aren't scared, are you? Well, the 50-minute drive at this time of day scares me. I can handle myself, but I understand if you have to wait around for the mayor. Avalon, huh? Sure. Why the hell not? You know what happens now, don't you? - The Fire Department. - Yep. Gonna find out what the cops turned down and double their demands. It's three months away. I can't think about it right now. The election is in six months. You wanna walk into that with every cop and fireman in Chicago calling for your head? Okay, I get it. They're pissed that I hired her. Question is, what do they want? They're just gonna walk away indefinitely? Hargrove's your friend, ask him. Any chance this is just posturing? Who gave you that idea, her? Bobby, this is not a strategy. Come on, Keri. McBride's a lawyer, he's not a cop. Yeah, but he's a union lawyer. He's been with them for 14 years. He's practically one of them. And hiring this woman is a slap in the face. Believe me, I know how they feel. Did you do that out there? - What? - Leak her name to the press. You think I would do that? I know you don't want her here. No, I don't. I've been pretty clear about that. And that was before she blew up a negotiation that I was working on for six months. I would never do anything to hurt you, and I can't believe that you think I could. Keri... Shit. They don't open from the inside. I wasn't going to say a thing. Thank you again. You do know I'm not leaving you here. Well, that's up to you. But I thought you had to be available to the mayor 24/7. What makes you think it's a 24/7 job? Well, let's see, you bumped into my former partner at O'Hare first thing in the morning, you tried to intimidate me at City Hall after work, and you stalked my apartment building at midnight. It seems to me the mayor has you on a pretty short leash. I have some autonomy. Then you can drive for me? I said have autonomy, not time to moonlight. Here's the thing, Nick. I'm in the middle of a firestorm, and the driver they've assigned to me, to put it mildly, is an idiot with an attitude. I can really use someone who knows his way around. I'll see if I can find you someone. Got a minute? For the Mayor of Chicago? Sure. So I heard about the contract. Damn shame. No games, Chuck. We both know what this is about. Do you know where I was when I found out you hired the woman who shit on my department? Two of your own did that when they nearly killed that kid. I was at the 13th, checking on morale. How do you like that? She was just doing her job. She was a lawyer. From what I understand, she's a New York lawyer who lost her license. - So what is she doing for you? - Whatever I want her to do. Look, Chuck, we go back a long way. I have my reasons. Gotta trust me. That's the main problem right there. - What does that mean? - Come on, Bobby. I'm already seen as too chummy with you. Everyone knows we're close. What the hell is wrong with having friends in City Hall? Nothing, as long as my guys don't think I gave away their last contract because of it. I took money out of Public Health to give you a fair deal and you know it. You and I know it, not the 12,000 who work under me. If I don't punch back after you pull a move like this, well, I lose them. - So where does that leave us? - What do you want me to say? As long as Jessica Pearson is part of your administration, we don't have much to talk about. You need a contract, Chuck. And you need a police force. - Jessica. - I'm sorry, I know it's late. Never too late for family. Come on in. Cory, Mark, say hello to your cousin Jessica. - Hi. - Hi. Hi. I've heard so much about both of you. What you got there, a whole supermarket? Just some eggs, and, well, a few steaks for freezing, and fresh lettuce for salad. Oh. Believe it or not, this is perfect timing. Oh, good. I was gonna run to the corner and stock up in case we had to lay low for a few days, but I didn't wanna leave the boys alone. Lay low? For what? What's going on? Some of the neighbors, the people say that there's gonna be a blue flu. May have already started. The police are striking? The police don't strike. They get together, and they all call in sick. Well, striking's against their contract. I know what it is. The last time this happened, things were real bad. Are you worried about Angela coming home tonight? I'm worried about tonight, tomorrow and the day after that. God only knows I'm no fan of the police around here, but no police is a whole different set of problems. You knew about what's going on, don't you? That's why you didn't wanna leave me. I may have heard some rumors, yeah. My family lives in that building, Nick. - How real is this? - Look... No, anything that starts with "look," I don't wanna hear. I need that truth. Let's just say if there's a sick-out, this area isn't a priority. Does the mayor know? What do you think? Bobby, you promised him you'd be home before he went to bed. I know, I just... I can't get away right now. Well, what do you want me to tell him? Tell him daddy's got a miserable job. Yeah. Tell him I'll make it up to him. - I promise. - I'll do what I can. I'll see you when I see you. You working on a statement? Four options depending on how this goes down and when you go public. What else? Well, I hate to even bring this up, but... What? This morning's thing went viral. Now some woman upstairs is retweeting it with some not too flattering hashtags. You're kidding me, right? You're bringing this to me in the middle of all this? You're already getting a lot of heat, I didn't know how you wanted me to deal with it. Do whatever you have to do. How many times do I have to tell you? Do your goddamn job. Sources say that talks between the police union and the mayor broke down earlier today. And as a result, locals have complained about a noticeable lack of police presence. Me and my daughter were robbed coming home from the market. A man held a gun in my little girl's face and nobody did a thing. I couldn't find a cop anywhere. God knows what this place will be like in the morning. The last time there was a so-called "blue flu" was back in 1993. Back then, over a three-day period, violent crime spiked 32%. Reporting from Kenwood... Thanks. Are you Yoli Castillo? Yeah. You violated our social media policy for personnel with that last tweet you posted. What now? "Why is @MayorNovak staffing up with NYC? "#SloppySeconds #CleanUpCityHall starts by taking out the trash." That's from my personal account. It doesn't say anything about where I work. Your handle is YOLOCastillo. You told the mayor to "take out the trash." You're the social media coordinator for Streets and Sanitation. Okay, True Detective. For the average viewer, that's just another private citizen speaking truth to power. But you're not just another private citizen. You can't publicly criticize the administration when you're a part of it. Okay, well, I don't happen to share that opinion, but... sorry, I guess? You need to take it down. Now. Wait, I just apologized to you when I didn't really mean it, that's a lot for me. I start buckling to censorship, I'm on the slippery slope to hell. It's not censorship, it's policy. Yeah, well, it's a bullshit policy and the mayor should know better. Okay, I tried. Thank you. Hold on, Captain Ominous. What is that supposed to mean? - It means you're fired. - You can't fire me. Yeah, I can once word gets back to your boss. Sorry. Did I just get fired? I hear some of your officers missed their flu shots this year. Wow. You got some balls showing up here after you stuck us with a $4 million frivolous lawsuit. The young man that was beaten and left for dead wouldn't call that lawsuit frivolous. I am a good cop, lady, and so are almost every one of the men and women who serve under me. Is that why a quarter of them are in bed right now putting innocent lives in danger? Don't believe everything you hear. Well, it's not what I hear, it's what I know. Cops take the day off, people get hurt. This isn't on me. The mayor knows what he needs to do. Deliver my head on a platter? You and I both know he's not going to do that, because that would make him look weak. And how do you think I'll look if I cave? I already let Bobby kick the can down the road on the pension last time, hell if I'll let him do it again. I thought this was about me. I have to work to do, Ms. Pearson. I guess we're at an impasse. Shit, do I need that. Thought maybe you were joining your brethren out there. What are you talking about? You disappeared yesterday. Where were you? I rescued Jessica. The press were on her like a pack of dogs, so I gave her a ride. She asked if I'd be her driver. Did she? Is she taking over my ribbon cuttings now, too? It's not a bad idea, you know. McGann got you on the payroll now? Hmm? You his official eyes and ears? You wanna talk to me about working for McGann? I'm up against it with this police thing. I don't know what you're doing. You asking for permission? I don't know what I'm asking. I'm just bringing it up. Well, since you don't know what you're asking, let me answer it for you. You work for me, no one else, that's the job. What about the nights outside her apartment, Bobby? That part of the job, too? - Keep your voice down. - Think. When did I have to sit outside like that before, Bobby, huh? Oh, yeah, when I was a kid and it was your dad in there. - Nick. - Enjoy your sandwich. Congratulations. Thanks to you, today's my last day. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, but if you think I had something to do with it, you're mistaken. Oh, come on. I retweet someone throwing shade on you, on point by the way, and the mayor's flack up and fires me? I know a hit job when I see one. It sounds like your itchy thumbs got you fired, not me. Admit it, the press went after you today, so you found someone else to take it out on? And you're basing this on the fact that I'm... _ I was a waitress. I know what people with money can do when someone like me crosses them. If blaming me makes you sleep better Miss... Castillo. Yoli Castillo. Ms. Castillo, then believe it, but it's not true. _ Oh, I do. And you know what I see? I see someone who gets up at 6:00 every morning to feed the homeless and still has the time to know the names of every single person in this place; from Oscar at Security to the little old lady in Zoning who likes Twinkies from the vending machine. And I do it not just because I'm a nice person, but because when my boss needs something, I'm the one who gets it done. I killed for this job, lady. I know my rights. I'm not gonna let anyone shut me up. There's a difference between knowing your rights and knowing when to use them. That's growing up. _ No. _ _ What do you want now? It's not what I want, it's what the police want. If that's your resignation, you don't need a whole file folder. It's not. It's a loophole set aside for developers that saves them millions in property taxes. What does that have to do with this? You close it, you can fully fund the police pension. It's what they've been trying to get for eight years. You've spent too much time in corporate boardrooms. Do you honestly think that's what this is about? I know that's what this is about, especially after my little chat with Superintendent Hargrove. I specifically told you to stay away from my negotiation. My family lives on the South Side, Keri. Or have you forgotten? The minute this affected them, it wasn't about you and me anymore. This thing is happening because of you. You think I don't know that? I just listened to my aunt go on about how she's worried about walking her grandbabies to school. Can you imagine how that felt? The woman who thinks I can do anything. You wanna hear me say I feel guilty? I feel guilty as hell. How do I know you're not playing me like you did the other day in court? I guess you're just gonna have to trust me. I just got off the phone with Chuck Hargrove. Oh? He says you guys reached a deal. How'd you do it? Well, I made him realize that he had a short window to get what he wanted, and if they went nuclear with the blue flu, he would lose support of the public, a judge would impose an injunction, and, well, they might as well use the leverage that they had. Jessica. It was all a negotiating ploy. They were looking for a reason to walk away. And I gave it to them. Now look at that, she was right after all. Yeah, she figured out a way to pay for it, too. Do I wanna know? No, but you'll hear it from McGann at some point. ...Pat McGann. Thank you. You're welcome. I have to go make a statement. I'm sorry about earlier. I was angry. I know you better than that. You seem like you wanna say something. Yeah, I was just thinking if you're looking for something to tell the press about why you brought her in, this could make you look smart. Good evening. As you know, we've been in negotiations on a new contract with the police department for the past six months. Tonight, I'm happy to announce that we've reached terms that both compensate the good men and women who serve our city and are consistent with keeping our city's budget in check. Now before I bring up Superintendent Hargrove to discuss the details of the contract, I'd like to introduce Jessica Pearson. Ms. Pearson played a critical role in putting this deal together, and she'll be an important part of my administration going forward. Ms. Pearson... Thank you. By now, many of you are well aware of my past. It is a past that I own and one that Mayor Novak has been kind enough to give a second chance to. What you may not know is that my father grew up in this city, and it's taken on a special meaning to me. And I am anxious to give something back. Now, I know some of you still have many questions... Come at me. I'm an open book. Impressive. It helps to make friends in Facilities. I was talking about your little unveiling back there. I ran a firm for years. I know my way around a microphone and some flash bulbs. Cut the bullshit, Ms. Pearson. You set that up the minute I faced those reporters yesterday. You wanted both the firestorm and the credit for cleaning it up. You can't hide someone like me, Mr. Mayor. The questions were gonna come eventually. I figured if I laid bare and got ahead of it, the sooner we could both move forward and tackle some real problems in this city. You almost triggered one of those real problems. Do you have any idea what could have happened from that stunt? I didn't plan on the police pulling out of negotiations. No? You're telling me that was a coincidence. It's Chicago. If it wasn't the negotiations, it would have been something else. So how'd it go? In exchange for reading your lines, that reporter gets what, a one-on-one with me? Something a lot more valuable. He gets access to your number two. Oh, is that what you are? - I didn't say that out there. - You didn't have to. You put me in a bad position. I did you a favor. The way I see it, you already have too many secrets. Good night, Ms. Pearson. See you tomorrow. Man in control. You looked good out there. Thanks. Why don't we go for a drink and celebrate? - Good night. - Night, Derrick. Will you do me a favor? Tell Nick to pull around. I need to talk to him. I should go home. Okay. I wanna put my kids to bed tonight. Okay. Okay? I said okay. Good night. Night. So what is the name of that little old lady in Zoning? It's Ida. What's it to you? I can't very well hire an assistant who doesn't know everyone in City Hall. You never know when I might need something. You wanna hire me? I do. What happened to me learning from this and growing up and all those other pearls you threw at me earlier? Like you said, that was earlier. You've had plenty of time to grow and learn. I wish you would have come to me sooner... - Oh. - Uh, yeah. It turns out, I already got another offer, so... Ah. Honey, I invented that move. But if that's how you wanna play it and risk missing out on all the action, well... Okay, okay, you know what? I want it. - Yeah? - Yeah, of course I want it. - Okay. Mm-hmm. - I want it. But... Why are you doing this? I mean, for real, like, besides the fact that you don't know where anything is. For the oldest reason in the book, you remind me of me. Everyone deserves a second chance, Yoli. And this job that I have now, it's mine. So when do I start? Tomorrow. Angela, is everything okay? Yeah, everything's fine. Police are back in the neighborhood, doing what they do. Do you wanna come inside? No need for that, I just wanted to pay you back for the groceries you brought over. I can't take that. No, that was a gift. A bag of food isn't a gift, Jessica, that's charity. I can buy food for my own children. I never said you couldn't. You know, part of the reason I live where I live is so my kids can go to St. Michael's. Did you know that? I'm doing that, and I just got into nursing school. That's fantastic, Angela. But... But take it anyway 'cause it's the only way you know to show love? Wow. It sounds harsh, but you and I know it's true. Okay. What would you like me to do? That's the thing, you don't have to do anything. I saw you on TV. You wanna save the city, that's good on you. But we were surviving before you got here, and we'll be surviving after you move on. I'm trying to get to know you. Then try to get to know us. We don't need charity, we don't need expensive steaks, and we definitely don't need to be saved by you so you can feel better about yourself. - Aaron. - Aaron. Oy! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 