Law & Order True Crime: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order True Crime 
 s1e5 - The Menendez Murders: Episode 5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order True Crime (2017): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Menendez Murders: Episode 5 - full transcript 
 The trial of Lyle and Erik Menendez gets underway. Before the trial begins, Judge Weisberg grants a petition allowing the court proceedings to be broadcast on television. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 These boys were abused from the age of six. I told Lyle I was sexually abused when I was a kid, and he told me he was molested by his dad. Terrified into keeping secrets. Dad said if anyone ever found out that something bad would happen. What will I do? You'll kill me. That's right. They grew up with no sense of feeling protected by their parents. Erik and I killed our parents. Dad was molesting my brother. Mom, too. She molested me, too. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They were made to believe that their parents would kill them. What Erik said about Uncle Jose, it's true. Imperfect self-defense. And do you believe them? I believe in our case. The trial of Lyle and Erik Menendez gets underway in Van Nuys today. Uh. Waste of money. Didn't they confess? MAN ON RADIO: Yeah, yeah. The judge is Stan Weisberg. Remember him? Yes. He's the genius who moved the Rodney King trial to Simi Valley. They say because it was a shorter commute. Yeah, lot of cops live in Simi Valley. That's right. The officers who beat King were acquitted. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No big surprise to anybody. Except to the people who got caught in the riots. I wonder how Weisberg feels about teeing up the riots just so he could shave ten minutes off his commute... With your permission, Your Honor, Court TV will broadcast this trial gavel-to-gavel. The public's interest will be served. The image of our nation's courts will be enhanced by seeing how Your Honor conducts the business of justice. We are not doing a public service announcement here. This is a trial involving family violence and extreme forms of child abuse. Some of our witnesses don't want to appear on national TV discussing intimate personal details. Your Honor, we have no objection to gavel-to-gavel coverage. Of course she doesn't. It's not her witnesses who'll be intimidated. I filed a motion to have their identities sealed until after they testified. And now you want to put their faces on every TV in the country. I'm sure Court TV can conceal their identities. No, no blue dots. I want the camera out. I'm concerned that the camera and operator will be distracting to the juries. Can't your client hang one of those department store security cameras on the wall? Well, if that's their only choice. Good. Petition is granted. We're adjourned. Your Honor... We're adjourned, Ms. Abramson. We will reconvene in chambers to hear defense counsel present the legal basis for their theory of the case. Erik and Lyle were traumatized by sexual abuse by their parents. Once they threatened to reveal the abuse to third parties, their trauma led them to have a real but unreasonable belief that their parents would kill them to keep the abuse secret. That's imperfect self-defense. Come on. We've litigated this case for three years and now they bring up abuse? True or not, Your Honor, abuse can't be used as a justification for these murders. If you instruct the jury to consider imperfect self-defense, they could convict these defendants for nothing more than Voluntary Manslaughter or even acquit them. That is up to the jury when they hear our evidence. Your Honor, I ask you not to dismiss this until we present our case. Fine. Present your case. But if you don't convince me, I will instruct the jury to ignore imperfect self-defense. Jury selection begins on Monday. And how do you feel about Beverly Hills? Seems like a ritzy community. I'd like to live there someday. Please tell us what, if anything, you know about Jose and Kitty Menendez. Well, they were rich, and now they're dead. Do you think you could be impartial even though you're married to Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney? Yes. I don't always agree with my husband. We'll take her. We reject for cause. Denied. And since you're out of peremptories, this juror is accepted. Have you ever see Erik's face on TV? No. Have you ever seen my face on TV? No. Some people would say you're lucky. I'm striking this juror. Your Honor, every time the Court makes a comment about me, it's negative. Have I offended the court? You're being overly-sensitive, Ms. Abramson. Let's move on. Easy. Just take a deep breath. Opening arguments in the trial of Lyle and Erik Menendez are scheduled today. Mom, why would you say something like that? Yes, I'm going to raise a stranger's child. So what? I married a stranger's child. I got to go. I got to prepare. Yeah, love you. She says I'll be a terrible mother. Laine knows that's not true. So do I. She thinks I'm ungrateful. I'm not. All her insults growing up made me stronger. Hey, tell me what you think. Pam Bozanich will probably wear something colorful, to distract from the fact that she's the Angel of Death. What you doing? You left out a comma. Punctuation matters, even in a speech. Mmm. What do you think? Now the defense is ready. I'm a screenwriter. I want to soak up atmosphere for a thriller I'm writing. Too late, Dominick. Only 12 seats for the press. Second row, right behind the defense. Vanity Fair pulled some strings, Bob. Watch out, please. Watch out, elderly person here. Good morning, guys. Oh, there's Pam. Excuse me. There she goes, Cardinal Richelieu. Morning. No, I'm sorry. Excuse me. Oh, my. Here comes the bride. Leslie, any significance to the white dress, dear? White is the color of truth, Dominick. Try it on sometime. Mr. Arnel, he's the boy I told you about. He came to show his support. Who is Lyle talking to? That's Norma Novelli. She puts out a newsletter for prisoners. Lyle's writing an article for her. He trusts her. All rise. Please sit down. Good morning. Some of you may have noticed that there are two juries in the courtroom today. The jury that will hear Lyle Menendez's case is sitting in the jury box wearing gold badges. Erik Menendez's jury is in the front gallery with the blue badges. They will move in and out of the courtroom according to which defendant the testimony pertains. Jurors... I would like to thank you in advance for performing this important civic service. I'm sure all of you will find this a rewarding and interesting experience. The evidence will be fascinating and all of the lawyers are top-notch. What is he doing, pitching a TV show? Now, the Court... What is that? The camera you authorized, Your Honor. But it's moving. It's a robotic camera, sir. It's being controlled from down the hall. Now the Court will call the case of People versus Menendez. Let us proceed with opening statements. Based on our evidence, it will become apparent that this murder was unlawful, unjustified and wholly premeditated, and that but for a few mistakes that Lyle Menendez and his brother made... This was almost the perfect murder. On August 20, 1989, Lyle and Erik Menendez killed their parents. We're not disputing where it happened, how it happened, who did it. The only thing you're going to have to focus on in this trial is why it happened. And we will prove that it was done out of fear. Four days after the killings, they went to Slavick's Jewelers in Beverly Hills and spent $15,000 on Rolex watches and gold money clips. It will be your job to decide what kind of killing this is. We intend to provide you with the answer to that question. Erik will tell you why he killed his parents. Erik was the abused son of wealthy parents. He killed his parents because he could no longer endure the abuse and had to stop it. In doing that, he put himself in mortal danger. When he sensed that danger was imminent, his instinct to survive took over. Now, because his parents were wealthy, the prosecution tells you that Erik and Lyle did it for money. What do they say when poor kids kill their parents? During the course of this fishing trip, did it seem to you that the family was enjoying themselves? The boys sat at the bow the whole trip, getting cold and wet. I couldn't say they enjoyed it. Didn't you tell police that the family excitedly pointed to seals playing in the water to Mrs. Menendez? That's right. Thank you. Seals? How adorable. Ms. Abramson, I want no more gratuitous remarks in front of the jury. Captain, who took this photo? I did. Mrs. Menendez asked me at the end of the trip. Captain Anderson, during this outing, did it appear to you that the boys were trying to stay away from their parents? They didn't talk much to their parents. They seemed... gloomy. Gloomy? And afraid of their parents? Objection. Withdrawn. No more questions. Blood and brain matter were dripping from the ceiling. I observed Mr. Menendez at one end of the couch. He had gunshot wounds to his legs, thighs, torso and face, and what appeared to be a point-blank gunshot to the front of his head. What else did you observe? Mrs. Menendez was lying on the floor between the couch and coffee table. She had gunshot wounds across her body, and what appeared to be a point-blank gunshot under her left eye. People's Three. Detective, please open the packet and describe its contents. Women's size nine tennis shoes. These are the shoes Mrs. Menendez was wearing when she was murdered. Erik and I wanted to start a multi-faceted company that dealt in stocks, screenplays, inventions, you know, anything to develop our status in society. What classes did Erik say he took at Beverly Hills High? Uh, several, but a drama class I believe is what you're looking for. Did you have occasion to visit Erik at his home after the murders? Yeah. About a week and a half after. Just to make sure he was okay. There was this computer expert there from San Diego with his pregnant wife. Erik said that Lyle had the guy erase a family will from the computer. He said that the will cut him and Lyle out of the money. Did Erik discuss the murders with you? Yeah, he asked me, "Do you want to know how it happened?" I said, "Yes." He told me how Lyle handed him a shotgun, said, "Let's do it." They went into the family room, parents were on the couch, and Lyle shot his dad. Uh, and then he told Erik, "Shoot Mom." And Erik shot his mom while she was standing up and yelling. Did Erik say that he was acting in self-defense? No. That he was abused by his parents? No. He's lying. KURIYAMA: Nothing further. I know, honey. This is where we take their case apart, one liar at a time. I take it, Mr. Cignarelli, from the way you're dressed, that you're no wallflower. You like attention, do you not? Yeah, I guess so. Do you like the fact there's a TV camera on you right now? No, not at all. I'm dressed this way because this is my future. Ah. You tend to talk very fast so try to slow down. Now, you testified that Erik confessed to you a week and a half after the murders. You initially told police it was on October 21st, two months after the murders, did you not? The police told me the exact date was a week and a half after the murder. How would they know what date Erik confessed to you? I believe they coordinated the dates with when the computer expert was there. I guess they put those two together. So you're putting your story together based on what the police told you? No, I'm not putting my story together. There was no expert at the house, was there? Erik never talked to you about any will. You can twist my story all you want, okay? I'm telling the truth. Erik never confessed to you, did he? No, he did, okay? That's why I agreed to wear a wire in the first place, to get him to confess on tape. Did the police use threats to get you to wear that wire? No, they didn't threaten me. So there was no downside to wearing it? No, the downside was I'm doing this to my best friend. Your best friend. I'm done. Hoohoo-hoo, oh, man, those girls were even hotter than the last place. Not as hot as where we're going next. Hey, thank you for all of this, Detective. Ah, you boys need to relax. You got a big day tomorrow. Now, when you get on the stand, just stick to the script. Okay. Those defense lawyers are sharp, but three words will get you out of trouble. "I. Don't. Remember." Okay? Let's go. It's my time card from Boxer's. It shows I worked a shift on August 18, 1989. Did you give Erik or Lyle permission to use your driver's license to buy two shotguns in California on that date? No, I did not. Thank you. No more questions. Mr. Goodreau, you and Lyle were close friends. You shared confidences? Uh, yes. Right. In May 1989, over dinner at a Chinese restaurant, did Lyle reveal a secret about himself, Erik, and their father? Um... a secret? I'll be specific. Did Lyle tell you that his father had molested them? No, he didn't. But didn't you tell Glenn Stevens that Lyle told you that his father had abused him? No, I never told Glenn that. The little bastard. Ask him about the Rand interview. Mr. Goodreau, did you ever have an interview with a reporter on tape in which you stated Lyle confided that his father had molested him? Bob Rand was the only reporter who interviewed me on tape. And did you state on tape that Lyle said he and Erik were abused by their father? I... I... I don't remember. I thought Goodreau was my friend. They're all turning on us. What's wrong with us? How could we have friends like this? They're just scared, Lyle. The juries know they're lying. - Come on. Hold on, we need you boys to get some rest tonight. Can you do that for us? Okay. We can refute Goodreau's denial with Rand's interview tape. But we can't use it in court. It's never been made public. We only know about it because Rand played it for us. There's no basis to admit it as evidence. Interesting testimony today, Mr. Rand. Yeah, interesting. Too bad your Goodreau interview was never broadcast. Better do the right thing. Everybody's glued to it at the office. Even the Japanese Barbecue down the street. Your reviews aren't good. You defend rich brats, don't show proper respect for the judge, and I don't at all get why you keep petting Erik and fussing with his sweater. Everyone needs mothering. Speaking of, does Sylvia know you've been in touch with Sol? Ira told her. It's why that rejecting old woman isn't returning my calls. Mr. Goodreau, you and Lyle were close friends. This is Leslie. Shared confidences? - Thank you, Bob. - Yes, right. KCAL's number nine, right? The possible perjury in the sensational trial of Erik and Lyle Menendez, when prosecution witness Donovan Goodreau was asked about a conversation with Lyle Menendez. Didn't you tell Glenn Stevens that Lyle told you that his father had abused him? No, I never told Glenn that. Eight months ago, Goodreau told reporter Robert Rand a different story. He told me he was molested too by his dad. And Erik was, too. Now we got him. And he told me he was molested too by his dad. And Erik was, too. I don't know, maybe he was just saying that to make me feel better, I don't... I don't know. I'm sorry. Do you know if he told anyone else? No, but I told Glenn Stevens what Lyle said. Well, Mr. Goodreau, would you like to amend your testimony from yesterday? Take a deep breath, Mr. Goodreau. I don't remember that interview. Lyle never told me he was molested. So I never said anything to Glenn Stevens. Nothing further. Donovan never told me anything. It was the reporter, Bob Rand, who told me about the molestation and the massages. When he was arrested, Lyle gave you his gold Rolex watch for safekeeping. What did you do with it? I sold it. To pay for my trip back east. In the months before his arrest, Lyle bought you plane tickets, meals, even a car, is that right? Yes. I managed his restaurant. It was his responsibility to pay for those things. To pay for a car? What were your duties at the restaurant? I supervised five employees. I took care of the payroll. Defense's 39, a copy of the resume you sent to prospective employers. It says that you supervised a payroll of 20 restaurant employees. So, you went from 5 to 20. Yes, that was an over-exaggeration. An embellishment. Is that the same thing as a lie? Sometimes it can be. And is there anything else on this resume that is an embellishment? Probably. Valedictorian at Westminster School, is that correct? Not exactly. So you were presenting a false picture of yourself? You see, at Princeton, we're instructed to embellish a little bit. To sell yourself. So it didn't violate any personal code of honor that you have? Or do you have one, Mr. Stevens? Yes, I have a personal code of honor. And it probably violated it. Thank you. Nothing further. Wait, don't tell me that. The Board's accusing me of giving her drugs, threatening to put her in a mental hospital, and forcing her to have sex. I never had to force her. We'll answer the charges, Jerry. But they're threatening to revoke my license, Ross. Relax. I'll handle it. Oziel is the prosecution's star witness. This guy who is a menace to the mental health of the people of California. If we are allowed to prove the nature of this person, his ethics, his total ineptness, the jury will not believe a word he has to say. Everybody got that? Thanks. This doesn't change our plans one bit. The allegations against Dr. Oziel have nothing to do with the testimony he's going to give in this case. Excuse me. Thank you. In November 1989, Lyle and Erik shared with me a list of grievances they had against their father. It didn't include sexual abuse. How did they characterize the killings? I laid out two kinds of murder for them: one premeditated, involving a plan, a job to be accomplished. Or two, a crime-of-passion killing. Lyle and Erik chose the first option to describe their own crime. A job to be accomplished. Thank you. Dr. Oziel, from an ethical standpoint, are you comfortable being a witness against former patients in a case where the state wants to kill them? No. In your resume, you describe yourself as a "sex therapist." The term pops up many times. "Sex therapist, sex therapist, sex therapist." And you list your media appearances. I assume you were speaking about things associated with sex therapy? Probably. I don't recall those appearances because they didn't have that much importance to me. Enough importance to list them all in your resume. When you met the Menendez family in 1988, did you tell them that your license was on probation at that time? I don't remember. The probation was for unprofessional billing practices, right? Technically, yes. Let's talk about your billing practices. Four days after the murder, you went to the Bel Air Hotel to offer your condolences to Erik and Lyle, is that right? Well, yes, of course. And you billed them $1,300 for that visit. Well, that reflects the time I spent with them, as their therapist. $1,300 for condolences? You testified earlier about feeling threatened by Lyle, that you and your family were in mortal danger. But instead of going home to ensure their safety, you went to your girlfriend's. I wouldn't call her my girlfriend. Are you more comfortable with "lover"? I'll help you. Defense's 43. Is this a poem you wrote to Judalon Smyth in January 1990? I didn't write it to Judalon. "For like a nymph she strides from the forest "At daybreak dressed in white "When no other man had truly known her, Judalon." So, girlfriend? Lover? Fine. I was afraid that if Lyle and Erik followed me, they would find me with my wife and children. So instead you went to Ms. Smyth's and put her, based on what you told us and her, in danger? Erik knew where I lived. They didn't know about Judalon. I could hide out there... How many days did you hide out at Ms. Smyth's? Several days. But during that time, on November 1st, did you see patients in your office? I did see patients that day. Eleven patients in your office. Erik and Lyle certainly knew where that was, didn't they? You didn't really feel threatened, did you? You just said that to Ms. Smyth so that she would feel threatened... Objection. Approach, Your Honor? Come on. Ms. Abramson is putting before the jury a legal issue that's been resolved. Look. This jury has a right to assess his credibility. We're not challenging whether or not he was in fear. We're saying he told Ms. Smyth they were in danger because he exploits people by exercising domination over them, by putting them in fear... I'm sorry. By isolating them... Do you want to do this in front of Dr. Oziel, because he's right here. Yes, I don't care if he's listening. Ms. Abramson, move on from this line of questioning. And did you fail the law school whispering course because everybody can hear your stage whispers. Dr. Oziel, isn't it true, rather than being afraid, you saw Erik's confession as an opportunity for financial gain? No, that's not at all true. You don't remember telling Ms. Smyth in a phone call recorded by her, "Judalon, there's 14 million involved in this," Fourteen million being the approximate worth of the Menendez estate. I don't recall making that statement, but, you know, I might have. Have you talked about writing a book about your experience in this case? Yes, I have. Were you hoping to make a lot of money off this book? Was that on your mind? - No. What entered my mind was that being a witness in a case like this is like being on trial. It's like this experience, actually, that we're having right now. Good luck with that, Dr. Oziel. I'm done with this witness. So now we've heard the prosecution's whole case against you. They haven't proven anything. I mean, there was no testimony about us hating our parents or wanting money. They're going with the evil seed theory. Their best theory is hatred. I'm not a guy who hates. We will get our chance on Monday. This weekend, we want you boys to go out and use the exercise yards. Just work up a sweat. Let's go. I have to run. I'm meeting the birth mother tonight. She's six months pregnant. Six months? At the rate we're going, she's going to give birth in the middle of the trial. I thought of that. Well, Leslie, I wish you'd told me earlier. How can you possibly handle this trial and a new baby? I can handle it. Just like you did when you had Lila. Just like women have been doing since God knows when. Six months pregnant. I remember when I was six months pregnant. I was not a happy camper. It's going to be okay. What if she's not in the best frame of mind to meet us? And what if she doesn't like us? What if I say something... You won't. You don't know that. She's ready to meet you. All right. Oh, sweetheart, you look so beautiful. They want to put the parents on trial. The prosecution used a parade of pathological liars to concoct a fantasy about Erik and Lyle. We want to talk about what really happened. Judge Weisberg, presenting a history of the Menendez family, starting with Jose and Kitty Menendez's childhoods is the only way to give the jury a full understanding of Erik and Lyle's abuse. How can the events from 40 years ago, before the defendants were even born, have any relevance? If we get the chance, Lester, we will connect the dots for you and the jury. I happen to agree with Mr. Kuriyama. The victims' teething problems are not relevant. You can start your family history with the defendants' childhood. Now I warn both of you ladies that if you bog us down in minutiae, I will cut you off. Watch out, I'm gonna blitz you. Ooh, little Erik, I'm so scared. Oh, six. Aw. That's a hit. Yep? They're back in. Kitty wouldn't kiss and coo Lyle when he was a baby. She didn't like Lyle. She seemed to resent him. Can you give us an example? When he was two and he was hungry, she let him climb on a chair, get on the counter, and get his cereal. Did she make a move to grab the baby? No. But when I did, she stopped me, and she said, "Lyle can fend for himself." I didn't understand. She once told me the boys had broke her marriage. How did you brother Jose treat his sons in your presence? He was brutal. Once, when Erik lost a tennis match, he called him a sissy in front of the whole crowd. Defense's 52. Do you know this photo? Yes. Jose put Erik on a chin-up bar, and left him there, to toughen him up. He thought it was funny. Erik was terrified. Who took this photo? Kitty. She thought it was funny too. Ms. Cano, do you think your brother loved his sons? I think he did. You can love somebody and still hurt them, you know? Uh, I'm not sure, Ira. Yeah, I understand. I will get there as soon as I can. I'll call you. I love you too, honey. Sylvia had a heart attack. She's in a coma. They don't expect... The doctors don't expect her to live. It's too late for the red-eye, but we can fly out first thing in the morning. Oh, I can't do that. I have to be in court tomorrow. There's important testimony. It's too late to get a postponement. I can leave tomorrow night. I tried, Tim. She pushed me away. She threw my father out for another man. She pushed everybody away. This is more important to me than I ever was to her, and if she can't wait for me, well then... What else is new? We were playing war in a field behind the house, pretending to hide from the Russians. And then this helicopter, a real one, suddenly appeared in the sky. We got scared and ran into the woods. The Russians are gone. They ran away. Andy, does your dad give you... massages? No, my dad's not really around. Do you think other kids get massages from their dad? I don't know. My dad massages my pecker. I wonder if that happens with other dads. My dad doesn't do that. I can ask my mom. No, you can't. You can't tell anybody. Did you tell your mom? No, she'd get mad at Dad. Massages are starting to hurt. I want him to stop everything he's doing to me. You got to swear never to tell. I swear. I didn't really get what he was trying to tell me. I was too young. Thank you, Andy. Mr. Cano. You didn't share this story until almost a year after your cousin Erik was arrested, correct? I promised him I wouldn't. You love your cousin, don't you? You'd say or do anything for him? Well, not anything, but I am... Nothing further. Redirect, Your Honor. Andy, would you lie for Erik? No, I wouldn't lie for him, and I wouldn't lie for anybody under oath. I spent vacations at the Menendez's. I felt welcome there. The whole family, the aunts and uncles, were very special to us. And did anything happen to change your view? Yes. When I was 15, Lyle came up to the guest room where I was staying. I thought he wanted to say goodnight. Can I sleep here? Why? Is something wrong with your bed? I want to touch you down there. What did you say? I want to play, like this. Stop it, Lyle, that's not nice. Me and Dad touch each other down there. What do you mean, down there? Our penises. Guys. Aunt Kitty. Lyle just told me... It's weird. He said Uncle Jose touches him on his penis. You're making things up, Diane. Lyle would never say anything like that. You should know better. Come on, mister, you need to get to bed. It was never discussed after that. I convinced myself that I was in the wrong, but I... I started noticing things. There was never any warmth between my cousins and their parents. When Erik was 11, I tried to give him a hug, but Aunt Kitty stopped me. She said... He needed to grow up. He was too much of a baby. What other behavior did you notice? All right. I'm gonna end this line of questioning right now. Your Honor, this is relevant to our... I've heard enough family minutiae. Defense is beating a dead horse here. Your Honor, I move for mistrial. The Court's comments in front of the juries are prejudicial and inappropriate. Motion denied. Ms. Vandermolen, you are excused. Your Honor, I ask that you reconsider. Court will recess. It's okay. Don't you worry about it. You know, Erik, this is our life. We had a dozen more witnesses. Weisberg cut us off at the knees. I don't know if it's me or the boys or the abuse, but Weisberg has got a bug up his ass about something, and it might cost our boys their lives. What's wrong? I'm sorry I got here too late. It's okay. Mom never regained consciousness. She was so proud of you, Leslie. I really think so. You must be Leslie. We recognize the hair. We live across the street from your mother. Such a sweet lady. Aw, thank you so much for coming. You're that lawyer, the one from TV. Well, how can you defend those monsters? Excuse me? Killing their parents. It's the worst thing imaginable. No. Using your kids for sex, warping them, destroying them, destroying your future generations. That's the worst sin, lady. You can't talk to my wife that way. My daughter can talk to anybody any way she wants. What's more, she's right. Come on, kiddo, walk me to my cab. I missed you, Daddy. I missed that voice cheering me on. Those people are just ordinary Joes. You know, I expect it from them, but Weisberg's a judge. He should know better. He called it "minutiae." Sex crimes, minutiae. He's not making the connection between the killings and the abuse. He's not the only one. Did you read Dershowitz's column today? He called your defense "The Abuse Excuse." "A national abdication of personal responsibility." Just goes to show you, being a Harvard professor does not make you a human being. What is that? It came in the mail from the adoption agency. Handsome devil. Oh. I feel like I want to call her. Tell her how beautiful he is. I wouldn't. It's late. It'll sound like you're checking up on her. Write her a letter. Or better yet, America Online has an email service now. We can set you two up to write to each other. Sounds like a recipe for disaster. I prefer talking to people. Screw Weisberg. Screw Dershowitz. Once my boys take the stand, everyone will get it. They will see the connection between the abuse and the killings. I will make them see it. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 