Law & Order True Crime: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order True Crime 
 s1e6 - The Menendez Murders: Episode 6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order True Crime (2017): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Menendez Murders: Episode 6 - full transcript 
 The jury hears from Lyle (Miles Gaston Villanueva) and Erik (Gus Halper) for the first time when the brothers testify in court, recounting in detail the years of sexual abuse that led them ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn You lied to me. LYLE: Jamie, please. You killed your parents. It will be your job to decide what kind of killing this is. And we will prove that it was done out of fear. PAM: Based on our evidence it will become apparent that this murder was unjustified and wholly premeditated. Do you think other kids get massages from their dad? ANDY: I didn't really get what he was trying to tell me. I was too young. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 JILL: What other behavior did you notice? All right. I'm gonna end this line of questioning right now. Your Honor I move for mistrial. Motion denied. LESLIE: Once my boys take the stand they will see the connection between the abuse and the killings. I will make them see it. I just wish you could say the things and then I'll just say yes or no. (SIGHS) That's called leading the witness. It's not allowed. We don't want Grandma in the courtroom for any of it. She shouldn't hear it. It'll hurt her. She won't be there. We talked to your aunt. (SIGHS IN EXASPERATION) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I wish I could just write it down instead of saying it out loud. (SIGHS) Oh, my God, Erik, you are so tense. Did you take your Xanax this morning? No. (SIGHS) Erik, you made me a promise. Did you bring any with you? (SIGHS) I just... I feel nauseous, Jilly. I feel like I'm gonna throw up. Take some deep breaths. And I'll get you some water. It'll help settle your stomach. Okay. They are not ready. It's show time, and they are not ready. LYLE: We had a puppy at the time, when I was six, her name was Tristesse. I remember her and my dad playing outside and me running out... Here pup, pup, pup! (PUP BARKING) Rawr! LYLE: That was a good memory. Do you have a good memory of your mother? Yeah. I remember her taking care of the birds that would hit the windows and be like, hurt in some way. Get him all fixed up. Oh. She was just amazing with the birds. And at this point, did sports become an important part of your life? Yes. They were everything to my dad, (sighs) that's what made him happy and that's what I wanted to do. JILL: Why'd you want to make him happy? So he would love me. JILL: Did you love your mom and dad? Yes. JILL: And on August 20th, 1989, did you and your brother kill your mother and father? Yes. What do you believe was the originating cause of you and your brother ultimately shooting your parents? Um, (SIGHS) me telling... (SIGHS) (SIGHS NERVOUSLY) You telling what? (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING) Me telling Lyle that... (HESITATINGLY) (SIGHS) (SNIFFS) LESLIE: Was it you telling Lyle that something happened? (SIGHS AND SNIFFS) My dad... (TEARFULLY) My dad... (SIGHS) Your Honor can I ask a leading question? No, no, he's in the process of answering. There's no need. Can you answer the question? Yes. (SIGHS) Okay, it was you telling Lyle what? (SIGHS) That... (GASPS) my dad had been molesting me. (WEEPING) (INDISTINCT CHATTER) Did your dad use to have talks with you about sex between men? Yes. It started when I was six, after sports practices. All through history, men going into battle or competitions would have sex together, to form a stronger bond. Greeks, Romans, Samurais. Do you like this special time with your dad, Erik? ERIK: At first it was just legs and butt. And then he started massaging my penis. And he made me do the same to him LESLIE: What was he like during these sessions? At first, he was great. He... He had never been so (SIGHS) caring and I loved that. I wanted him to love me. You said "at first." Did that change? (SIGHS) If you tell anyone, I'll kill you. JILL: Do you recognize the children in these photos? LYLE: That's me, with the mole here. And that's Erik. It was around Erik's birthday. Dad took photos of us bending over and stuff. Did he do other things to you? It got more involved. When I was, uh, seven, he would put me on my knees, and I would have oral sex with him. We'd have what we call the object sessions. He would stick a toothbrush in my anus. And then he used something else. What was it? (SIGHS) He raped me. JILL: Did you cry? (WHIMPERS) Yes. JILL: Did you bleed? Yes. JILL: Were you scared? (WHIMPERS) Yes. JILL: Did you ask him not to? (PANTING) I just told him I didn't want to do this and that it hurt me. And he said he didn't mean to hurt me. That he... That he loved me. JILL: And that was important to you, that he loved you? Yes. Very. And during this period, did you do something to your brother? Oh, God. (LYLE PANTING) I took him out to the woods, I took a toothbrush (WHIMPERS) and, oh, God, I played with him in the same way. (SIGHS) Oh. Oh, God. Erik, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so... I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. God. (SIGHS) JILL: Do you remember telling anyone about the abuse? Mom? Dad's touching me and doing things down there. I want him to stop. Don't exaggerate, honey. Your father's just punishing you. That's what fathers do. Mom, I want Dad to stop it. Don't let you father see you like that. Put some drops in your eyes and don't cry at dinner. ERIK: When I was eleven, he had anal sex with me. What was he like during those encounters? (SIGHS) He was still nice at that point. He would stop if I said he was hurting me. LESLIE: Did he stay "nice"? No. (SNIFFS) When I was twelve, (SIGHS) he wanted me to be in pain. He (SIGHS) would stick needles into my legs and butt. (YOUNG ERIK WHIMPERS) (CRYING) LYLE: My father stopped when I was ten. (ERIK SCREAMS) Was that the end of your sexual abuse in the home? No. (SIGHS) Right there. Can you press a little harder? LYLE: My mother was very loving when I touched her. But when I was thirteen, I stopped going into her bed. JILL: How did she respond? She turned on me. She started picking on me, verbally. Wishing I was dead. Were you aware of any other abuse going on in your home? I thought my father was abusing Erik. JILL: Did you decide to do something about it? I decided to confront my dad. Dad. I... I know what's going on with you and Erik. I heard noises. And I want you to leave him alone. Erik makes up things sometimes, but okay, it'll stop. You tell anyone, I'll kill you. You understand? (DOOR OPENS) (GASPS) If you talk to Lyle about this again, I will tie you to a chair and beat you to death. Ah! ERIK: But he didn't stop. He just got worse. He was doing all kinds of sex to me. Over the years, did you give those different types of behavior names? Yes. (SNIFFS) Oral sex was "Knees." There was "nice sex" and "rough sex." And... and then there was just "sex." (SIGHS) LESLIE: And that was some form of intercourse? ERIK: Yes. I felt sick all the time. And when I was seventeen, I just didn't want it anymore. I just was in a bad state that day. And he walked into my room and I said no. And he threw me on the bed and went to get a knife (GULPS) and he put it at my throat and... and he raped me. Before your father died in August of 1989 when was the last incidence of what you called "sex"? In May of 1989. LESLIE: And the last incidence of "knees"? In August. (SIGHS) 1989. In my bedroom. I used to have this "rescue" fantasy. But no one ever came to rescue me. No one except my brother Lyle. WEISBERG: We'll take a short recess. Witness can step down. And that's how murderers are made. All of this squeezing and patting, lawyers are not nursemaids or surrogate mothers. If you wanted to engage in that conduct, you should have gone into another line of work. Another line of work? Because I'm a woman? That makes no difference to me. But if you're gonna represent your gender in my courtroom, you'll do so by my rules. I don't represent anyone but my clients. But fine, I will take the Court's cue. Good. Proceed. LESLIE: Now, Erik, (SIGHS) over the summer of 1989, did you have any hope or dream for an improvement in your life? I was going to college. I applied to something like thirteen colleges. LESLIE: Did you get accepted to any of them? Uh, Brown was interested. I'd get a tennis scholarship. Uh, it... it was all I thought about. It was everything in my life. LESLIE: And what happened? Dad said he wouldn't pay for Brown or any schools out of state. And then I got accepted at U.C.L.A. And I wanted to live on campus in a dorm... You can have a dorm room, but I want you home four nights a week, so I can review your work. But I can go back to the dorm to sleep. No. You'll sleep here. Four nights a week. Or I'm not paying for this. I knew for sure, then. The sex. It was never gonna end. And I felt the hope that I had was gone. Did you contemplate any other plan? Um, I planned to kill myself. I... I thought I was a coward. I hated myself for it and I got a razor blade and held it against my wrist But I didn't have the guts. (SIGHS) How long before your dad died did this happen? It was about ten days before. Did you consider talking to anyone about your situation? To Doctor Oziel? ERIK: No. He would just tell my parents. Uh, no, I thought of telling Lyle. I thought... I thought I couldn't do that. I thought it would be too embarrassing to admit it. And did anything happen to change your attitude about that? Yes. LYLE: Mom, please. KITTY: You don't need it. I need it. I don't care what you want. But you're not having it. Please, Mommy, I need it. It's not that big of a deal. No, it's important to me. KITTY: Who do you think you are? You don't need a goddamn hairpiece! Ow! Look. See, you look fine. You don't need a hairpiece. ERIK: I was shocked. I didn't know Lyle's hair wasn't real. It made me feel I could tell him about the stuff with Dad. It made him more approachable. (PANTS) Lyle. What? Lyle, I need to talk to you. What do you want? I... (SIGHS) What? Lyle, um, (SIGHS) that stuff with Dad is still going on. (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING) Do you like it? Of course, I don't like it! I hate it! I want to kill myself! (SIGHS) Whoa, whoa. Okay. Okay. (COUGHS) I believe you. All right? Hey. Hey. We'll figure something out. We decided that I'd talk to our father and I'd make a deal. I told Erik, you know, we hold all the cards. We could ruin him with this. I know what's going on with Erik and it needs to end. You listen to me. What I do with my son is none of your business. Just stay out of it. Don't throw your life away (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING) Go back to Princeton and we'll forget this conversation took place. Hmm? You're a sick person. You're not touching Erik again. I'll tell everyone! (SIGHS AND GRUNTS) We all make choices in life. Erik made his. And now you've made yours. LYLE: I thought Dad had no choice, that he'd kill us. Hey, what's wrong? (GRUNTS) You betrayed me. (GASPING) Lyle thinks he can ruin me. It's never gonna happen. (SIGHS) (ERIK PANTING) Mom. Mom! Dad is still doing things to me. He's molesting me. (SNIFFS) I've always known. Do you think I'm stupid? (EERIE MUSIC PLAYING) Dad just tried to attack me. He said he's not gonna let you ruin him. I think they're gonna kill us. Lyle. Mom bought another rifle this summer. They have two rifles in their bedroom. We need to get out of the house. And go where? I don't know. I'm not gonna just run away and let Dad find me and kill me. That's crazy. Why? Dad is powerful. Look who he is, look who Mom is, there's nowhere we can go where they're not gonna just find us and kill us. Lyle. Let's just go to the police then. The Beverly Hills police? Yes. You think they're gonna believe us over him? Dad is a rich guy with a lot of power. I'm nothing. They're not gonna protect us. No one's gonna protect us. Jesus. They're gonna kill us. Look at him... LYLE: My brother felt that no matter what we did, Dad was too powerful. Erik was never gonna leave. And I wasn't gonna leave without him. So we decided to protect ourselves. ERIK: We needed a driver's license to get the guns. Uh, Lyle had his suspended in May, and I didn't have mine with me so I used one Lyle gave me to get into clubs. It was his roommate's. I put mine in my room, under my bed. Did you speak to your parents when you got home that Friday? Yes, Mom right away came and said that Dad wanted us to go on this fishing trip with them the next day. And what conclusion did you draw from this? Uh, (SIGHS) uh, we thought that they were gonna kill us on the boat. I felt less and less in control of it, that Erik was gonna do something to bring it to a confrontation. So, Saturday we drove around all day. The plan was to get home too late that they would have to go without us. LYLE: But they waited for us. We had no choice. We had to go. ERIK: The whole time we stayed at the front of the boat, away from our parents. And I... I was terrified. I... I thought we might die. I thought my Dad could do it, like he said he would, and nobody would stop him. And when you returned home that night, did you talk to your parents? Yes. If you'd kept your mouth shut, things would've worked out in this family. ERIK: I thought she meant we were over as a family. That Lyle and I were gonna be killed. She'd given that away. I went right to my room. (PANTING IN FEAR) (DOORKNOB RATTLING) (KNOCK AT DOOR) JOSE: Open the damn door! Open, this damn door Erik! (CONTINUES BANGING DOOR) Erik, open this door! Now! Okay. But you're gonna have to come out of this room tomorrow. (PANTS) LYLE: The next day, Sunday, I woke up and went into the house. Hello. I decided I'd go in and try to sort of see what the atmosphere was like. Hey, uh, Dad, do you... Do you have that number to the Anand Amritraj tennis camp in Marina Del Rey? I was thinking I might go What does it matter anymore? SPORTS ANNOUNCER: He's been working the back base line all day long. (CROWD CHEERING) (INDISTINCT ANNOUNCEMENT) I thought it was his sarcastic way of saying, you know, no point talking about tennis because you'll be dead by then. Did you have any other conversations with your parents that Sunday? Yeah. My brother and I tried to go to a movie that night. We're going, Mom. You're not going out. Why not? Because I said so. Shut up, Kitty. You're not going out. Erik, go up to your room. I'll be there in a minute. (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING) No! You're not touching my little brother. Not ever again. I do what I want in this family! Erik is going to his room and you're not leaving this house. You ruined this family. Come on. Come on, don't waste your time. They'd never closed the doors before. And there was no reason to make us stay home that night. And I... I thought it was happening right then. I thought they were armed. (SIGHS) I thought they had made a plan and were in the process of killing us. And we got our guns, we went out to the car... (PANTS) (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING) (BREATHING HEAVILY) ERIK: We thought they would come out of the den with guns any second. (SNIFFS) (INTENSE MUSIC CONTINUES) LYLE: We just burst through the doors. (ENTHRALLING MUSIC PLAYING) (GUN FIRING) DISPATCHER: Beverly Hills emergency. LYLE: Uh, yeah, yeah. Somebody's, uh, uh... ERIK: No! DISPATCHER: What's the problem? LYLE: Uh, (PANTS). DISPATCHER: What's the problem? LYLE: Somebody killed my parents! DISPATCHER: What? Who? Are they still... On the 911 tape, are you crying? Yes. And were you also lying on that call? I was. So you're capable of crying and lying at the same time? Your car at the time was a Ford Escort. Did you buy a brand-new Jeep after killing your parents? I did, but... So is it fair to say that killing your parents made it possible for you to achieve certain lifestyle. We thought we were disinherited. We were concerned that we would get nothing if our parents died. Nothing? It never occurred to you to get a job? Oh, objection, Your Honor. My client wasn't asked if he had intended to get a job. Overruled. Really? Really. (CLEARS THROAT) PAM: Did you love your mother? Yes. And when you put the gun to her cheek and fired, was that love? It was confusion. And fear. (SIGHS) And you almost got away with it. Object... You know, you characterize it that way and you think it's funny. But my brother's and my life were very miserable for six months before we got arrested, and our lives aren't good now. They never really have been great. In some ways, getting arrested, for my brother, was a relief. We may go off to prison, but you know, some good things have come of it. (SIGHS) (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) REPORTER 1: Pam, what did you think of their testimony? I thought their testimony was compelling, just like I think watching Sir Laurence Olivier act is compelling. I don't think the general public listening to this will agree with Pam. Anyone in the community who's been impacted by sexual abuse will have a very different take than hers. CONTE: People who've been psychologically traumatized, by sex abuse for example, have a faster biological response to fear than someone who's never been traumatized. They also exhibit something called "hyper vigilance," where they're constantly searching their own environment for anything that might be dangerous. Did you find those traits in Lyle Menendez? CONTE: Yes. And can these traits lead someone to have a sincere but unreasonable belief that their life is in imminent danger? Yes. Thank you. Nothing further. Approach, Your Honor? Your Honor, since the defense put the defendants' mental state at issue, the People request the Court unseal the December 1989 tape of the defendants' session with Doctor Oziel. The California Supreme Court ruled that tape was inadmissible due to patient-therapist privilege. That no longer applies. Your clients waived confidentiality when they tendered their mental condition as the centerpiece of their defense. The tape is in. Your Honor, you can't overrule the California Supreme Court. Just watch me. I'll be unsealing the tape. It'll be an issue for appeal. It's too late. Have you heard those tapes lately? Oziel, the Great Satan, leading our boys into saying whatever it is he wants them to say, so he can blackmail them. Well, they both sounded, especially Lyle, so cold-blooded. I know. (SIGHS) Even though there's a reason for it, it is bad. REPORTER: Halloween revelers dressing up as the infamous Menendez Brothers, some to show their support. The Menendez brothers are survivors, man. That's all they're guilty of. MAN: Yeah. Anyone who's ever been raped or abused... MAN: It's my day. (LAUGHING) ...knows that Erik and Lyle are the real victims. (ALL CHEERING) Well, at least we have the support of one community. Screw Weisberg. We win by being honest, by not turning away from the truth. Miss Abramson, what are you doing? If the tape is in, it's in, Your Honor. (SIGHS) But the defense will present it to the jury. Your Honor, objection. It is my prerogative, Your Honor. Overruled, Miss Bozanich. Proceed. This tape was recorded on December 11th, 1989 by Doctor Jerome Oziel. On it, you will hear his voice, along with the voices of Erik and Lyle Menendez. (RECORDER CLICKS) OZIEL: How much did you feel that you were killing your dad because of what he was doing to you each and how much did you feel you were killing your dad in part because of what he did to your mom? LYLE: My father should be killed. There was no question, based on what he was doing to my... To my mother. OZIEL: Erik. Lyle's doing all the talking. Do you have anything to say on this? ERIK: My father and mother were two people I loved. It doesn't matter what they actually were. I would've taken any other choice. (SIGHS) I may not have had a choice at the time, but, um, I regret it now. LYLE: I think Erik's biggest pain is that you miss having these people around. I miss not having my dog around, if I can make such a gross analogy. No emotion. Might as well have been cutting steak. Let's get Mama out of here. She knows what she heard. Mama knows more than you think. LESLIE: You're right, Jill, the tape doesn't mention abuse. But it also didn't say that they killed for money. They were trying very hard not to tell Oziel about the abuse. Oh, that's... I think that's the call. (PHONE BEEPS) Uh, hello. Uh, yes, this is Leslie... Uh, yes, we'll be right there. (SIGHS IN RELIEF) Oh. I want to see him so badly. We have to wait till she signs the papers. Oh. (SIGHS) Would you like to meet your new son? Yes. (LAUGHS) LYLE: Oh, my God. MARTA: Ay, mira. He's so handsome. He took seven hours to come out. Oh, he's beautiful. LYLE: Oh, Leslie, he's so precious. His name is Aidan. MARTA: Oh, that is such a nice name. This is my baby. COURT CLERK: All rise. OZIEL: Judalon, there was fourteen million involved in this. But you did what you did, and that's what you did. (RECORDER CLICKS) LESLIE: (SIGHS) And what did you think Doctor Oziel meant? No. Shut up. JUDALON: That the brothers were very rich, and that Jerry, Doctor Oziel, was in the position to get a lotta money outta them. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. And now he wasn't because they'd been arrested. Thank you. Nothing more. Miss Smyth, you stated earlier that you went to Doctor Oziel wanting to be married and to have children. Hasn't it been your primary motive in all of this, to strong-arm Doctor Oziel into marrying you? Incorrect. You did testify that you wanted marriage and children. I did not want children who looked like Doctor Oziel. (CROWD LAUGHING) You bitch! Our children would've been gorgeous! KURIYAMA: Miss Pisarcik, is there anything you'd like to say concerning Erik's testimony about his brother's hairpiece? Erik knew about Lyle's toupee long before the murders. We laughed about it in the spring or early summer of 1989, when I visited Lyle in L.A. Let me take you now to the months after Lyle Menendez's arrest in 1990. Did he ask you to do some research for him at the Santa Monica courthouse. Yes, he asked me to look up law cases, he gave me the names and numbers of cases with child molestation where the kids had killed their parents and gotten off. It was at that point that I began to doubt Lyle's innocence. Thank you. Nothing further. What months would you consider spring and early summer? JAMIE: I'd say March through June. You were waitressing in New Jersey during those months, correct? Yes, but I visited Lyle in L.A. See, I have here your time cards. You worked six days a week. When did you find time to fly to Los Angeles and joke with Erik about Lyle's toupee? I'm not sure. LESLIE: All right, I'll move on. When you did legal research for Lyle at the Santa Monica courthouse, what books did you use? I'm not sure I remember. Uh, was it a book like this? With, uh, cases and judge's opinions? Yeah. Just like that one. How many published cases did you find in which molested children were acquitted of killing their parents? Maybe three. (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING) Now you see, that's not possible. Did you know that only convictions are published in these books? Not acquittals. (PHONE RINGING) Hello Lansing residence. Oh, hi! Who's there? Orange who? (LAUGHS) That's funny. Mommy... Mmm-hmm. It's Lyle. You telling Lila knock-knock jokes again? (LAUGHS) The summation is going well. I'm halfway through the third draft... I like that. I'll try to work it in. But Lyle, please get some sleep. I need you relaxed tomorrow, okay? Goodnight. Dominick Dunne has lost his mind. (SHUSHING) Listen to this. "If Jose did stick needles and tacks "into his son's thighs and buttocks..." (SHUSHING) "didn't Erik bleed? "Didn't he have scabs? "I tried sticking a thumbtack into my buttocks "and I bled." Dominick Dunne sticking a tack in his scrawny butt. That's a lovely image. (BABY GURGLES) He's the best. He reminds me why I do this. (MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING) (BABY GURGLING) Tsk, tsk, tsk... (SIGHS) This is why we're here. We're not here to try Jose and Kitty Menendez for being bad parents. Or Jose Menendez for being an alleged child molester. And we're certainly not here in the malpractice trial of Doctor Oziel. We're here because the defendants did this to their parents. In 1989, these brothers were not intimidated children, but selfish, greedy, arrogant men. Erik was afraid, all right. Afraid he'd have to get off his butt and work, like all the rest of us. Even if you believe in the child abuse, it doesn't mean Lyle Menendez is not guilty of cold-blooded first-degree murder. Put yourself in that room. Think about what it smelled like, felt like in that darkened den. Only one verdict is possible. Erik Menendez is guilty of two counts of first-degree murder. The defense isn't asking you to say that what these brothers did was right, or even reasonable. But if you believe they were genuinely afraid, the crime they're guilty of is Manslaughter. These crimes weren't planned. They used the loudest guns they could buy, on a summer's night when their neighbors had their windows open. They made no plan to dispose of the guns and the bloody clothing. And they left shotgun shells in the car and parked the car in front of their house when they went to call the police. After a lifetime of terror, these children were terrorized. After a lifetime of threats, they felt threatened. It may be hard for you to believe that these parents, Jose and Kitty Menendez, would have killed their sons. But is it so hard to understand why these children would believe that their parents would kill them? These photographs, tragic as they are, were put here by the prosecution for no other reason but to so inflame you against the defendants that you would forget to ask the most important question, "Why did this happen?" I look at these photos and I ask, where are the photos of Jose Menendez bending his twelve year-old son over the bed so that he can go all the way in spite of Erik's screams? There is such a picture. Unfortunately, it only exists in Erik's mind. I cannot show you the photos of the crimes Jose Menendez committed against Erik. But you heard some of the things he liked to do to his little boy, and one of them was to take tacks like this and stick them in his thighs and his butt and to run needles along his penis. There is one issue facing the jury. Viewed through his entire life, based on what happened that week, is it possible Erik and his brother honestly believed that their parents were going to kill them? I don't ask you to pity Erik. But I do ask you to understand how his childhood put him on a collision course with violence. I want to tell you a story (SIGHS) from my life. When I was a child, my mother hit me with a wooden coat hanger. I was so mad, I hit her back. It was the scariest thing I have ever done in my life. But it happened in an instant from a wellspring of panic and fear. Like this. Panic and fear. Lyle protected his little brother. If he had protected his little sister named Erika, would it make a difference to you? It shouldn't. I ask you not to turn away from the pain, and to see it for what it was and what it did to Lyle Menendez. I ask you to return a verdict of involuntary manslaughter. I apologize if I (SIGHS) can't just wind it up and sit down. I don't want to let go of Erik. I have had him in my hands all this time and now I have to give him up to you. You know, if people were to ask me, after three and a half years of thinking about Erik every single day, what it is I want out of this? I want to see him walk down a street, not in chains or shackles. To fulfill my dream, you would have to come in with a verdict of not guilty. (SIGHS IN EXASPERATION) And if you don't feel you can do that, I would ask that you come in with a verdict of involuntary manslaughter, because I believe that's what the evidence shows. (WHISPERS) Thank you. You've had him a long time. How about I take over? Tonight? No? Not a chance. It's been six hours, we haven't heard a peep. You don't really expect a quick verdict, do you? Your friend in the Deputy's office, maybe he heard something from his buddies in Van Nuys... Les, you gotta at least take this night off. It's outta your hands. (SIGHS) I know how you hate that. Yeah... (GURGLES) Oh, look, Aidan, we have five stars out tonight. That's almost a record for L.A. Oh. (SIGHS) Let's you and me say a little prayer together, okay? (SIGHS) (SIGHS) (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 