Superman: The Animated Series: Season 2, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Superman: The Animated Series 
 s2e11 - Solar Power - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Superman: The Animated Series (1996–2000): Season 2, Episode 11 - Solar Power - full transcript 
 Edward Lytener returns as Luminus to seek revenge against Superman with a way to depower him enough to get it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Behind the line, Lytener. Beautiful day, isn't it? The sunshine is so energizing. -That's close enough. -Close enough to what? I'm not even here. Lytener? -What happened? -Get a doctor. -ls he breathing? -I don't know. -Did you see something? -I don't know. So long, warden. Thanks for everything. What the--? No, that was it. Thanks for clearing up the quote, Your Honor. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -You okay, Clark? -Yeah, just a little weak, I guess. Bet it's the weather. Knocks me right out. -Clark Kent. -Kent. Do me a favor. Cover for me at the Animal Rights Coalition. -Where are you? -Heading over to Truman lsland. Got a tip on Lytener's next move. What happened to laying low until this guy was caught? It was driving me nuts is what happened. And if he takes a shot at you? Then you'll know who did it. Lois? Lytener. Don't feel bad, Lois. It's not personal this time. I have bigger fish to fry now, and frankly, you're just bait. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, yeah, that makes me feel better. Speak of the devil and here he comes. Someday, I'll have to figure out how he's always watching over you. Lois. I can't hang on for long. The tram's too heavy. Just wait, Superman. This is only the beginning. -Lytener. -It's Luminus now. Tell me, Superman, feeling a little under the weather? Quick. Give me your hand. Yes, tend to Lois. This was just a test. You'll realize what I've done to you in time. See you soon, even if you don't see me. -Are you all right? -I don't know. What's happening? It's red. Naturally, the sun itself is still yellow... ...but we're seeing it through a force field emitted by a series of satellites. This force field is filtering our sunlight... ...so that only the red wavelengths get through. Come on, Lex. Those are your satellites up there and Lytener's worked for you before. You expect me to believe you have nothing to do with it? What you believe makes little difference to me. The fact is, I did provide Lytener resources while behind bars... ...but only for legitimate LexCorp research. I had no idea he'd escape... ...and I certainly didn't tell him to hijack my satellites for his own revenge. Heck, why not? You'd love to see Superman dead. Oh, please, Lois. Forget that I'm losing millions in communications revenues. Do you really think I'd jeopardize the welfare of the planet... ...just to settle my personal grudge with Superman? Check the trades, SEC reports. See if Luthor's recently unloaded any satellite control equipment. If Lex is behind Lytener, he'll have covered his tracks... ...put the hardware under another name. And while you guys are on that... ...I'm gonna check if there's anything down in Microfilm. Getting weaker, I see. You must be at what, half strength by now? Wanna try me? A hologram. Maybe this is the real me. -But then again-- -Maybe it's me. Or me. Enough Lytener. What do you want? -To kill you. -For getting in my way. For making a mockery of me and my work. And how are holograms supposed to kill me? -Well, we might only be made of light. -But so are lasers. One of you is real. Gotcha. Testing time's over, Superman. Next time we meet... ...you die. I just can't figure out what happened to Clark. -I still think we should've waited for him. -He snoozes, he loses. This is the address. "LexCorp Satellite-Com. Currently out of use." And out of sight. There's supposed to be a building here. Look. Up in the sky. -It's a bird. -Yeah, but what's it sitting on? Come on. Think I found a doorknob. It's unlocked? If you had an invisible door, would you bother to lock it? Maybe I can find a light. That better? I can have the rocket operational within the hour. Good. If I can shoot a few of those satellites out of the sky... -...maybe I can let in some real sunlight. -Sorry, Superman. No space jaunts for you today. -Where are they? -Wanna save them? All you have to do... ...is follow the bouncing ball. Superman, you're almost powerless. He's obviously trying to lure you in. And doing a good job. Howdy. I wouldn't bother. Here's the game, Superman. Lois and her friend... ...are somewhere in the building. Find them, and I spare their lives. I don't play games, Lytener. Oh, come now. After all I went through to remove your powers... ...I do deserve to have a little fun. Trying to scare me with holograms again? With the proper use of laser fields, the hologram actually feels quite solid... ...doesn't it? -Now what? -Avast there. Prepare to taste cold steel. Into the briny with you. Just as well that you found your way through. I'll enjoy finishing this myself. How does it feel to be mortal, Superman? To know pain? Well, don't worry. You won't have to endure it for long. No! No! I can still finish you off. Superman, how do you feel? How did you disable the satellites? -Yeah, what happened? -What happened to Miss Lane? Listen, Superman-- Get those lights out of my eyes. You heard him. Put him somewhere nice and dark. [ENGLlSH] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 