Superman: The Animated Series: Season 3, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Superman: The Animated Series 
 s3e4 - Obsession - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Superman: The Animated Series (1996–2000): Season 3, Episode 4 - Obsession - full transcript 
 A mysterious fashion model is stalked by an obsessed supervillian smitten with her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  [♪♪♪]  SUPERMAN:   Personal journal.  After following the coordinates  from my ship's initial   flight recorder,  I've finally retraced   the ship's escape route  from my home planet:  Krypton.  [BEEPING]  Nothing.  There's nothing out there   but death.  [LOUD BEEPING]  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A distress signal,  coming from the edge   of the system.  No traces of Kryptonite   radiation.  Let's drop in.  [BEEPING] [HUMMING]  [HUMMING]  I am Kala In-Ze,   chief physician of Argo City. Five years ago,  Argo was a thriving,   vibrant world.  But then, without warning,  KALA:   our sister planet, Krypton,  was destroyed in a giant chain   of explosions.  Krypton's destruction   tore Argo from its orbit.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The resulting devastation   destroyed most of our world  and sent it moving slowly,  inexorably,   away from our sun...  ...leaving a few desperate   survivors  slowly freezing to death.  There was nothing   my people could do  but pray our distress signals   would be answered.  But now, I can wait no longer. I have taken  a desperate last chance  to save my surviving family.  To my knowledge,  we are all that is left of Argo. Please help us.  I'm too late.  Maybe not.  WEATHERMAN [OVER TV]:  It's gonna be   a gorgeous spring day in the nation's heartland, with temperatures reaching   the high 70s.  So all you folks   in Smallville, Kansas,  get out there and enjoy   that great, big, beautiful sun. [GEESE HONKING]  Hey!  That's enough of that,  Kara.  Hey, Clark.  It was such a nice day,  I thought I'd just,  you know, "vroom."  What did we talk about? No "vroom"   during the daytime. I'm sorry, Clark.  I mean, it's great staying here  with your folks and everything,  but I feel so cooped up.  I understand,   believe me.  On Argo I dreamed  about saving my mother  and helping my friends.  And now that I have   the power to help people,  why won't you let me?  You need to adjust to life here  a little bit more.  Just be patient.  So, Clark, will you be staying   the night?  Sorry, Ma, Metropolis is having  a sudden crime wave.  Yeah, I saw on TV   that Intergang's back. Intergang?  What's that?  Nothing you have to  worry about.  Who's worried?   I was just asking.  They're a bunch of hoodlums  with terrible weapons.  Oh, yeah?  They caused Clark  no end of trouble. Really?  Thanks, guys.  I gotta go.  You be good.  Yeah, yeah.  Feet on the ground, I know.  So, Pa, Intergang, huh?  We got a new Intergang  running riot through town,  and what does Perry ask me   to cover?  Some techno geek show.  Somehow I don't smell   Pulitzer here.  Ooh.  [SNIFFS]  Or soap,   for that matter.  Oh, at least the chief  treats you like a real reporter. I mean, when's he gonna  give me a break?  First rule of reporting, kid:  never count on breaks.  You want a story?   Go get one.  It won't just drop   in your lap.  [GLASS SHATTERING]  [CROWD GASPING]  [PEOPLE GASPING, SCREAMING]  I stand corrected.  [PEOPLE SCREAMING]  WOMAN:   No, no!  WOMAN 2:  Get out of the way!  Let's go! They're heading   back outside.  [SIREN WAILING]  Freeze!   Or we'll fire! Tell you what,  rent-a-cops,  you freeze... [BOTH GRUNTING]  ...and we'll fire!  [GUARDS SHOUTING]  You see, Metropolis,   nobody can beat Intergang!  Nobody!  Well, then,  just call me "nobody."  Let him have it. [GRUNTS]  [GROANING]  Dump it! [GROANS]  [GROANING]  [SCREAMS]  [GROANING]  Whoa!  [ELECTRICITY ZAPPING]  [GASPS]  Hey, Supes!  Catch!  [SCREAMING]  Let's get   the heck out of here!  [SCREAMING]  From now on, I'll leave   the flying to you.  [PLAYING ROCK MUSIC] Yeah! We took Superman on  and trashed him!  Excuse me,   who trashed him?  Excuse me, who did he slam  into a parked car?  GRANNY:   Now, now, what's all this   fluttering, my ducklings?  Your loving Granny doesn't like   her babies to quarrel.  BOTH:   Yes, Granny.  An obedient family  is a happy family, and a happy family   means a happy Granny. ALL:   Yes, Granny.  WOMAN:   Mr. Kent.  Yes?  Your cousin to see you.  Cousin?  It's me, Kara.  I know.  You saw through   my secret identity?  Ah!  How'd you get here?  You told me not to "vroom,"  so I ran.  Listen, I saw a report  about Intergang on TV, and I thought you could  really use my help.  Look, I appreciate  your concern, Kara,  but I don't want you  to rush into something  you're not ready for.  I didn't save your life  so you could throw it away  fighting some  ray gun-toting punks.  But--  No buts.  I gotta get back to work.  Here's a key to my apartment.  Wait for me there.  We'll talk later.  And walk.  But, Lois, I was right there   when Intergang hit.  Why can't I help you   with the story?  Too dangerous. Stick to the darkroom,  kiddo.  But, Lois--  Can you talk   some sense into him?  I've had my fill   of teenagers today. Look, I think one of 'em  might have dropped this.  It's a game token.  All we have to do is hit   every video parlor  in Metropolis--  Good.   You go, Jim. Have a free game on me.  Okay, fine.  She said go,   I'll go.  She doesn't think I can do it,   I'm doing it.  I'll just go it alone.  Can I join you?  Nah, same size,  but not the right color.  Come on, let's try   the one across the street. Hey, slow down. You said your name's Karen?  Yeah.  And you're an intern?  Yeah.  I thought I knew  all the interns.  I, uh, just started today. And like you, I wanted   to make a good impression. So let's get that story. Bingo!  What's that mean?  They're the same.  Oh, yeah.  Bingo.  TROUBLE:  Hey, hey!  Didn't I tell you  to keep out of my way?  Uh, hey, man,   i-it was an accident.  Just like your face.  Chill, Trouble.  We're in public.  Granny wants us to be good  little boys and girls.  [SCREAMS]  [BEEPING] That guy's got some  kind of laser weapon.  What?  Over there.  How can you tell? Uh, his jacket was open.  And you could see it   from all the way over here? Yeah!   Come on!  Granny said she doesn't want us  calling attention to ourselves.  And you see what she does  to people who break the rules.  Ahh, I'm too smart  for that old bat. Where do you think   they're going?  To Grandmother's house. Wait up!  We're getting warmer.  I didn't see   how they opened the door.  Did you see it?  Yeah, I think  it was right here.  Come on!  [DOOR CRASHES SHUT]  Oops.  Don't even blink.  Now, why have you nosey,   little mice come calling  on poor old Granny Goodness?  Uh, my chick and I heard  Intergang was back in biz.  Sounded like a good gig.  Thought we'd join up.  Bingo!  Let me tell you tadpoles  how I work.  I seek out the lost,   little lambs  society has cruelly abandoned.  I take them lovingly   under my wings,  give them the power to face   the cold, heartless world  and kick its butt!  We're in!  But you hardly seem   the type.  So bright-eyed   and soft-skinned.  Life has not scarred you  as it has my other goslings.  Still, we can remedy that.  All right,   I've seen enough! Don't you realize   you're being duped?  You think you're getting power,  but she's just turning you into   her own personal goon squad.  What are you doing?  What do you think? I'm shutting   down this psycho witch!  Eh! Such language!  Children,   defend your Granny's honor. Kill her!  [GANGSTERS GROWLING, YELLING]  [GASPS]  I don't believe it.  A super...girl?  Believe it.  [SCREAMS]  Oh, you naughty little monkey. Granny will spank you good. [GROANING]  [GRANNY SCREAMING]  Take a nap, Grandma.  Outstanding.  No, ho, ho, ho.  It doesn't end that easily,  my little gingersnap.  What the heck is that? She's from Apokolips.  Where?  The surprises are   just beginning, muffin.  You called, Granny?  Girls, this ninny-noodle wants   to play rough.  Make her last moments special.  [♪♪♪]  [♪♪♪] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 