Superman: The Animated Series: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Superman: The Animated Series 
 s2e7 - Target - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Superman: The Animated Series (1996–2000): Season 2, Episode 7 - Target - full transcript 
 Lois Lane finds herself marked for death by an unknown stalker. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Nominees for lnvestigative Journalism are Patrice Bandi... ...for her article on illegal drug traffic. Mike Hart for his exposé on diet fraud. Julian Frey for his piece, "No Profit Like Nonprofit." Good luck, Julian. And Lois Lane for "Lex-Scam: Nuclear Danger." You too, my dear. And the award goes to.... Lois Lane. Lois, go up. -Did you hear that? -Yes, I can hardly believe it, either. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 As if her ego weren't big enough already. Ladies and gentlemen of the Metropolis Press, colleagues... ...I'd like to thank the Excalibur Committee for nominating my work. I would also like to thank the members of the Daily Planet Editorial Department... ...and the entire support staff for their invaluable help locating... ...and compiling the data for this article. I would also like to congratulate my fellow nominees. Oh, please. Better go wash this out before it stains. When corruption or waste or fraud is uncovered, we all win. Thank you, all. I will treasure-- -What's going on? -I think she's all right. How did that happen? -Some kind of electro-gizmo. -lt looks like it's got a-- 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 When did you join the force? This is police business. When we have information, you'll get it along with all the other reporters. I'm not just one of the other reporters. This was an attempt on my life, you know. You really want to be helpful? Try making a list of all the people who might wanna see you dead... ...and try to keep it to one page. What do you think the chances are of Bowman actually solving this case? -What's his problem? -Oh, about two years ago... ...I wrote an exposé on police corruption. It cost him a promotion. -He's had it in for me ever since. -Careful! Don't worry, Kent. I'm always in control. If you want, I'd be happy to stay at your apartment tonight. -Somebody did try to kill you. -And he failed. Look, Kent, I'm not worried. You shouldn't be either. And now, a very special request. Is there anything else on? Paldoverdi's version of "You Win, You Die. " -lt won't change. -Dedicated to Lois Lane. Yes, Lois, you. What a shame that an innocent party like Mr. Kent must also suffer... ...but you never were one to let an innocent stand in your way. -What are you doing? -Getting us out of here. Clark! Clark! Oh, no, you don 't, Lois. -Are you all right? -Yes, but Clark-- He's fine. I was able to cushion his fall. A little something for your insurance agent. -Arm still hurting? -About the same as yesterday. I still think we should have taken it to the police first. Oh, yeah. I'm sure Detective Bowman won't rest until he finds out... ...where this came from. At least I know Edward Lytener will be helpful. -Yes, yes. What is it? -Oh, yes. Very helpful, I'm sure. It's me, Eddie. Lois. Lois. Lois Lane. Of course. Of course. I wouldn't. Ten gigawatts. Real nasty shock. -I'm really sorry to bother you like this. -No bother. I've been in this lab 24 hours straight without looking up. I could use the break, and the company. The circuit patterns are like what they're working on over at LexCorp R&D.; -How do you know that? -Eddie used to work for Luthor. He was my informant on the "Lex-Scam" article. -By the way, Lois. Congratulations. -Yeah, thanks. Hello. What's this? L.C. It's from LexCorp, all right. Somebody there must really have it in for you, Lois. Another in a long line of killing machines. It's not as much fun when you're on the receiving end. I heard about the regrettable incident at the Excalibur Awards. Yes, and this little goodie was in my car. I have evidence it was manufactured here, at LexCorp. Really, Lois. I wouldn't leave so blatant a trail... ...even if I were out to get you. -And you're not? -No. Why would I be? I respect you and what you do... ...even when you're taking potshots at my company. -But the device-- -This disturbs me as much as it does you. If it came from LexCorp, I'll find out how it ended up in your car. I promise. Trust me, Lois. Trust him? Why would you do that? He's trying to keep you from nosing around LexCorp. Probably. But I believed him when he said he wasn't behind it. The way this assassin keeps warning me... ...it's like he wants me to suffer first. That's weird, but it's not Lex. Lois, my dear. Perry has just handed me some of your overdue assignments. -What? -He was worried about you falling behind. I certainly hope I can come up to your award-winning standards. I'm sure you will. Great. You're not safe, Lois. Not outside, not in your car. Not even here at work. I'll give you exactly one minute to prepare to meet your maker. I believe this is your floor. I'm not having a good day. I just hate this. I can't sleep, I can't eat. I feel so helpless. -Why don't you just relax? -I can't relax. I feel like I should be out there doing something, not sitting here... ...wondering what everybody else is up to. It feels wrong. Why? Let other people take the risks for you for a change. The world can get by without Lois Lane for a couple of days. Yeah, just enough time for Julian to steal all my stories and my byline. Oh, by the way, Angela Chen called. She heard about your award on the news last night... -...and wanted to congratulate you. -On the news, huh? You know, Clark, maybe you're right. -Let everyone else take care of things. -That's the spirit. In fact, I think I'll go relax in a nice, hot bath. Right now. See you. I got a couple more hours. But my shift will be over by 10. -Maybe we could get together. -Okay. If we put our heads together we could figure out who's behind this. Of course, I hate to be taking you away from your work again. Not at all, Lois. I'm happy to help in any way I can. By the way, what were you working on so hard the other night? Top-secret. You certainly have the most amazing collection of gadgets... -...but no TV, no radio? -Never. They're a wasteland of call-in drivel and news trivia. It would just break my concentra-- What is it? -You know, don't you? -Know what? Tell me, Lois. How did you figure it out? You congratulated me on my award, remember? If you were in this lab all night with no TV, no radio... ...then how did you know I'd won the Excalibur? Such a clever girl. -Hello? -Kent. I was hoping to speak to Lois. -She's not here. -Then take a note. I've traced the materials she was asking about. It was part of a lot that went missing from inventory... ...right after her little snitch, Lytener, was fired. Did you get that, Kent? Hello? Hello? Eddie, why are you doing this? What have I ever done to you? That's just it. You never did anything for me... ...and I risked it all. My job, my reputation, my research. I knew what would happen if Lex found out. You blew the whistle because it was the right thing. Wrong. I blew the whistle because I wanted you to notice me. You didn't. But you will now. Daddy was a black belt. You're an unusual woman, Lois. That's why I've taken unusual measures. A trap I designed for your apartment. See, you wouldn't have been safe anywhere. Superman! I was expecting you to show up. After all, if Lois Lane is in danger, can Superman be far behind? Let her out of there! You're in no position to make demands, Superman. Let her out or I'll-- This is my favorite invention. A project I began at Lexlabs, actually. It's powered by the solar energy spectrum of a red sun. That's why the punches pack such a wallop. Particularly for you, Superman. Superman! The controls! -Are you okay? -A little extra-crispy... ...but otherwise fine. Tell me something. How do you always manage to arrive just in the nick of time? -It's a gift. -You wouldn't be keeping... ...an eye on me or anything? Well, some people need more watching than others. Thanks. Someday, though, it'd be nice to see you when I wasn't about to be killed. Someday. [ENGLlSH] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 