House of Cards: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 House of Cards 
 s1e6 - Chapter 6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 House of Cards (2013–2018): Season 1, Episode 6 - Chapter 6 - full transcript 
 The strike between Frank and Marty starts to get out of hand. Russo has decided to run for Governor of Pennsylvania. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We're almost a month into the strike, and we've got millions of kids stuck home from school. Do you blame the White House or Congress? I personally have very little sympathy for the teachers. We're over three weeks into this strike. It's costing the country billions of dollars, and instead of offering solutions-- There's a big difference between taking a stand and sitting on your hands. I don't know whether to call it cowardice... It's his agenda, and the problem 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 is that he stole sound, conservative ideas. The only smart thing he's done is lift his platform from the republican platform. I admit it, Linda. This got away from me. But we can't turn back time. We have to hold our ground. While our approval ratings continue to nosedive? Spinella and I worked together for years on dozens of labor-related bills. - I thought he'd be reasonable. - You were wrong about that. Well, I didn't think he'd be insane enough to go on strike, and I didn't think the strike would last this long. So you've been wrong twice about this. Why should I believe you're right about holding out? We threatened collective bargaining in order to get performance standards and charter funding. That's the deal that we made. We took that stand. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We lay down now, we lose it all. There'll be no reform, just an empty bill. I understand the logic, Frank, but we're in damage control now. We can't close one wound by opening another. But we're the democrats. We're the ones who are supposed to be defending the teachers. But you can't have it both ways, Linda. You can't have the reform you want and keep the teachers happy at the same time. You knew that when we started. Okay, then if we have to choose, we choose to keep the teachers happy. That is a mistake, Linda. We've already crossed the rubicon. I'm telling you this-- the president wants to change the bill. We should've done it three weeks ago. We didn't. So you have to do it now. Give me more time, Linda, please. If I can break this strike and get everything we want in this bill, can we agree that's preferable to folding? Of course. If we can count on that-- Then count on me for just one more week. If the strike isn't over by then, I'll change the bill. - Frank-- - No. One more week. That's all. This is the worst possible position to be in. If I water down the bill, the president will still me as a failure. If the strike doesn't end in a week, I forced myself into a corner. Only total victory will put me back in his good graces. The alternative is exile, which would mean the last five months were for nothing. I cannot abide falling back to square one. You need me, ma'am? No. I just was wondering if you wanted a cup of coffee. I just brewed a fresh pot. - I'm good, ma'am. But thanks. - Are you sure? My shift's done in a couple hours. I'll be fine. No. Come on. Stretch your legs. I won't take no for an answer. What did you do before you joined the leadership detail? I was a cop here in DC. Before that, I was in the Marines, ma'am. - Thank you. - Did you serve overseas? I did, ma'am. Bahrain, then Afghanistan. Served most of my second tour in the Korangal Valley. You wanna know if I killed anyone? I think I know the answer. - I got a dinner meeting with birch. - I invited him in for coffee. Well, drink it fast. We leave in five... Get down! Stay away from the windows! Stop! You'll have six of my best men covering you around the clock. I guess I'm wondering why we didn't at least have one of your best men covering us now. He'll be disciplined, sir. He shot a gun in a residential neighborhood. - I want him fired. - There will be a full investigation, and we'll take the necessary action. Steve never would've let this happen. Is he better yet? Because I would feel a lot safer if he was with us. Unfortunately, he won't be coming back, sir. I thought he just had a gallbladder infection. He did, but they found more. His pancreas, stage four. - Jesus. - Oh, my God. That's awful. How much longer does he have? Not long. A few weeks. At least that's what his wife told me. We have to go see him. Can you get the information where he is? Of course. I'll make sure you get it right away. - Thank you, Captain. - Thank you. You're welcome. Good night. - Front door. - Yes, sir. Your weapon. Your badge too. Am I suspended, sir? You had a suspect on foot, and you fire your gun? - Sir, I realize that-- - Do you know how this reflects on me? That one of our men could be so careless? Not only do you abandon your post for coffee... You could've killed a bystander. That slug was found in somebody's front stoop. What if it went in their house? Your badge, Meechum. Two reasons, which are really the same reason. I was sick of working for other people, and I knew I could do a better job than my bosses. They kept trying to suppress me, shutting me out. So I said, "fuck it. I'll do it my way." - Then you just quit? - Not like you did. I slaved away until I lined up the money to start Slugline. Once Slugline gets big enough, what's the plan? Are you gonna sell it like Arianna? Probably. And then who knows? Whatever the next adventure is. Maybe Shanghai. So I shouldn't expect to have a job in two years? Do you ever wanna have any job for more than two years? What about you? What's your big plan? Uh, I don't know yet. Come on. Slugline is just a stepping stone for you. - You know what? I should take this. - Go. Do your thing. Hey. You have proof Spinella was behind it? Put it in context. Three weeks into a national teachers' strike-- At the home of Francis Underwood, who has led the charge on-- There you go. Now post that before one of my neighbors calls a local 11:00 hack. - When do I see you next? - I'm background on this. I'm not your source. You can't talk now? - No. - When? Soon, with bells on. What about "more school books, less bricks"? Nah, it's too broad. We need a better sound bite. Something specific, something that points the finger directly at Spinella. - He'll deny any involvement. - Of course he will. - So how do we get around that? - We say he can't control his troops. - There's no evidence it was a teacher. - Who else could it be? He's gonna shift blame for the strike back on congress. No. We need something clear, something clean, something that sticks in your head. "Teachers need a lesson in self-restraint." No. You're not hearing me. People like teachers. No. We need something that makes Spinella the villain. - His lack of control, his inability-- - Disorganized labor. It's disorganized labor, plain and simple. When you've got angry teachers throwing bricks through congressmen's windows, you've gotta blame the union leadership. We'll be beefing up the security for the entire leadership. And I strongly encourage Marty Spinella to keep his people in line. This is starting to look like disorganized labor. Do you really think Marty Spinella is to blame? Whether Mr. Spinella is behind this or not, he might wanna tone down the rhetoric before disorganized labor turns into organized crime. No one can prove anything. So that's the most cogent response. Well, go on TV and say that. You deplore violence in any form. It's congress that should take responsibility. I don't want to degenerate to Frank's level. We need to kill this brick thing. It's distracting people from the issues. She's right. It'll eat up one cycle, and it'll disappear. No. This story is getting traction. Support for the strike is dipping. So is the president's approval ratings. But he gets to say in the oval office another three years, no matter what. We can't afford another three weeks. When I told the unions to strike, I told them to prepare for the long haul. All right? Their accounts dry up, we keep going. We figure it out. I am not going to blink over something like this. Fine. But if we lose the public relations battle, none of that does us any good. Frank wants us on the defensive. I think this story is going to blow over. If I'm wrong, we'll reevaluate. But I wanna give it another day or two first. Okay? Hi, Adam. You all right? I saw the news. Yes, I'm fine. That's gotta rattle the nerves-- A brick coming through the window. It did, some. So are you staying in the house? We've got extra security now, so... Well, um, it made me think of you, so I figured I'd just check in. I appreciate that. We still haven't talked, have we? - There's no need to. - I think we should. Here's how I see it. You asked me to come down. I did. We both had ideas about what that could mean. Probably very similar ideas. But then you changed your mind. So be it. There's no reason we can't be in touch or remain friends. Let's not fool ourselves, Adam. So I won't call again. - Done. - I'm not saying that. What are you saying? I just called because I care about you. No agenda. If you wanna talk again, call me. If not, I understand. It's up to you. You think I'm being unreasonable? I think you're doing whatever it is you need to do, and I'm not gonna question it. It was sweet of you to call. Listen, you probably need to get back to work. I know I do. I should go. Yeah. Okay. - Take care. - Okay. - Frank, you got a minute? - I'll see you inside. I wanna be governor, and I want your help. - Am I still on the short list? - You are. I haven't had a drink in over a month. I'm clean. Is that because I asked, or because it's what you want? It was about time I took responsibility for myself. Taking responsibility is one thing, and it's admirable. But running for governor of a major state is a whole other ball game. Let me tell you something, Frank. I got elected to congress 'cause I seized the moment that opportunity struck. You kept me on that list. I wanna seize that opportunity. If you help me out, I'll give you everything I got. Well, that's all I've been waiting to hear. All right. I'll tell you what. I need to make some calls, check in with some people. Give me a few days. I'll get back to you. - Of course. - And, Peter... I feel like I've met the real you for the first time just now. Janet. - Is this a bad time? - No. No, not at all. I'm sorry. I didn't know you were coming. Here. Take my chair. - Oh, no. I'm fine. - I'll take these. Thank you. - Hello, Steve. - Hey. These could use some water. I'll be right back. Francis and I were so upset when we heard. I'm sorry I haven't come sooner. I didn't want too many people knowing. Yes. Francis wishes he could be here. He wants you to know he's praying for you. - Couldn't make it, huh? - No, there's a big teachers' strike going on right now, and he's been stuck in his office for weeks. I get it. I saw on the news. - The brick. - Right. I told Francis that probably wouldn't have happened if you were there. No. Probably not. I never seen him pray. Not in eight years. You said he was praying for me. You've seen us in church. Yeah, but... I never went inside. They're just gorgeous. Mrs. Underwood, thank you so much. Please, call me Claire. - I know you got things to do. - Of course. If you need anything at all, call me. You have my cell. Anything at all. And I'm sorry to have surprised you. No. It was so nice of you to come. Thank you. I know Steve appreciated it. Check this out. It's foam. - How many of these we have? - 200. But I can get more. Get more. Bring it on! You need to give the teachers the respect they deserve. We can't back away from this, Marty. - We've gotta face it head-on. - They provoked us. They were throwing foam. Our guys were throwing punches. We're gonna come off the bad guys here. Okay. Okay. I get it. I get it. But I wanna be smart about this. I wanna do something definitive that'll put this to bed - and get us back on message. - CNN, one on one, you and Underwood. 8:00 tonight. Frank is excellent in debates. Go strong against him. Address the brick right to his face. - End of story. - Underwood says he's in if you are. Okay. But I want as much prep as possible, okay? I want to run questions. You moderate, you play Underwood. Wear this one. Then come in here. I wanna put powder on you. Well, somebody at the studio can do that. Yes, and they always cake on too much. I'm doing it. War paint. How bloody do you think it'll be? Oh, I think I oughta be able to dispatch with him easily enough. Oh, you remember Peter Russo? He's doing well. He hasn't had a drink in a month. Oh, good for him. I like him. Oh, good, because he could use your help. - How? - We're running him for Governor. - Ambitious. - Mmm. We wanna create jobs in his district. It's on the Delaware River. I thought we might be able to put a bill together. Something with an economic upside. This has to do with the shipyard closing? We need the shipbuilders' support for his campaign. You think you might be able to draft a bill that he can sponsor? I'm really trying to focus on international projects, Francis. Not domestic legislation. I understand, but I could really use your help, Claire. Does Catherine durant still owe us? When you make someone Secretary of State, they owe you for life. We're having trouble getting our water filters through sudanese customs. - I'll call from the car. - Tomorrow's fine. - I would have done that anyway. - I know. I'm ready for battle. You wanna come watch? - No. You go on ahead. - Oh, come on. Watch me put the final nail in Spinella's coffin. It'll be fun. Marty. Frank. Come on, people. Take your marks. Congressman, would you like to respond to that? Yes, I would. Two billion dollars of taxpayer's money being wasted. And congress should be ashamed of itself for that, Frank. Oh, what? Did congress force the teachers to go on strike? - No, we didn't. - Really, Frank? When you threaten teachers' ability to negotiate as a union, when you threaten their job security, you threaten their livelihood, of course you force them to strike. And did we also force them to start throwing bricks at people's houses? I'm really glad you brought that up, because you know there's absolutely no proof that that incident had anything to do with this strike. And I wanna take the opportunity to say publicly that we categorically condemn any use of violence whatsoever or intimidation. What you're saying essentially is that you can't control your own people. - That is not what I'm saying. - That is what you're saying. You're disorganized. - Disorganized labor. - You can keep trotting out that phrase all you like, but you know what I'd like to do, Frank? I would like to get back to the issue here of educating our children and the fact that congress is not living up to their commitment. Well, you know what I would like? What? An apology. If not to me, then to my wife. When that brick came through our window, it was terrifying. She's standing right over there. - Claire? - We need camera two on the wife. Now, why don't you look her in the eye and tell her that your people had nothing to do with that brick. - Are you serious? - Yes. Okay. Mrs. Underwood, Claire, I am sincerely sorry that you had to go through that ordeal, truly. And it actually sickens me that someone made you feel unsafe in your own home. And I give you my word that to the best of my knowledge, none of our people had anything to do with it. But you know what sickens me more? That right now, your husband is using you as a prop on national television to try and win a debate. So I think you're the one that owes your wife an apology, Frank. And when you're done apologizing, can we please get back to the issue here of educating our children? No. You've got this wrong, Marty. There is no "you" and "I" in education. Well, I mean, yes, there's the letters "U" and "I" are in the word "education." But "Education" with a capital E... You know what I'm talking about. I don't think I do. Yes, you do, Marty. U and I-- Education. So, what, we're gonna waste the rest of this debate naming all the vowels in-- I'm happy to play the vowel game. You wanna play the vowel game with me? All right. U think I O U A apology. But no, no, no. U O I... Interesting. You left out E for "Education." - So let-- - Defecation-- Edification. I'm sorry. LOL. Uh, uh... Uh... You like sesame street so much? Why don't you give the kids the money they deserve? What I'm trying to say about education... Well, I guess school's still in session. I guess you schooled me there, Marty. Let's move on. Please. Humor aside, there are more important issues out there. I had no intention of bringing you into this. It wasn't part of a plan. I would've told you if it was. I know. The idea just struck me, and I went with it. I don't mind that you improvised. I just wish you'd done it better. Congressman Frank Underwood says he got, quote, "schooled" by AFT spokesman and chief strategist, Martin Spinella, during a debate last night on this network. In the past 24 hours, reruns of the gaffe have played non-stop on TV news programs and the internet. A YouTube clip set to techno music has logged more than 300,000 hits and spawned dozens of other spoofs. ♪ No ♪ ♪ No ♪ ♪ E O I ♪ ♪ with a capital "E" ♪ ♪ education LOL ♪ That was as clumsy as the Lee Harvey Oswald prison transfer. What was he thinking? Just give me one second. There's a deli. Down the street. Patti, thanks for coming. Sit down. You want some coffee? No, thanks. I'm good. Hey, did you see bill Maher last night? No, I didn't. Oh, it was about the CNN thing. I have to admit, Frank, it was kinda funny. Well, I'll have to catch a rerun. How you doing? You holding up all right with the strike? Let's talk about Pennsylvania. I have your candidate. Peter Russo. First Congressional District. We crossed him off. I know. It's a mistake. He's young, he's handsome. He's bright. Nobody knows who he is outside of Philadelphia. There's no donor base, no infrastructure. You start me off with funding from the DNC and I'll raise an army around this guy. I will personally oversee his campaign. Is that the best we can do? What's better than a blank slate in the right hands? Ed, you need to go. Congressman, do you have a moment? Thank you, Patti. - Have him call me. - I will. Ed? Please. - What is going on? - I'm taking care of it. One second, sir. Please. All right. Make it fast, Meechum. It's not easy for me to ask this, but I was wondering if you could put in a good word with my boss. A good word? They're going to discharge me, sir. I messed up. I'm fully aware. But my job, it means everything to me, and I know a good word from you would... Look, I have nothing against you personally, Meechum, but I can't get involved in these sort of affairs. There's protocols and rules. Sir, please, if you spoke to Cardiff-- There is nothing that I can do. If anyone can convince the captain, it would be you, Congressman. I'm sorry. I wish you all the best, Meechum. Doug. What did Barney hull say? That we'd be the first to know. I can't believe there hasn't been a single 911 call. There's been plenty. It's just not the sort we're after. We got that kid in Atlanta. No, it's got to be here. I can't be getting on a plane. It looks too opportunistic. Maybe if we open it up a little bit. No, we cannot lower our standards. We just have to be patient. New rule-- now that the debate's over, Frank Underwood has to tell us what the hell that was. Seriously, Congressman, was that a joke? I haven't seen something just lay there like that since, uh... I gotta go all the way back to my prom night. Can we just settle this strike please? Teachers have been out of the classroom for so long, middle schoolers are starting to have sex with each other. Enough. I don't know why you had it on in the first place. I love you, Francis. I know. We should say that more often to each other. I need to clear my head. ...north and east of the airport. I'm gonna need that in time for that meeting. Peter, let's talk. So. I've spoken to Patricia Whittaker. She's on board. You'll be getting four million in start-up funding from the DNC. I'll pick the team. You announce in August. But the campaign starts today. Are you ready? I've already put together a platform. It's mostly broad strokes, but we can hone it. Good. The first thing we need to address is your sobriety. Oh, you don't need to worry about that. Have you been going to meetings? You mean AA? - Yes. - That's not really my thing. If you want my help, then going to meetings is my one requirement. I know I had a problem, Frank. I accept that. And I've taken responsibility for that, but I don't think going to meetings is necessary. You cannot white-knuckle your recovery, Peter. This campaign will be the hardest thing you've ever done in your life. I realize that. I'm prepared for that. You think you are. But we can't take any chances. The party's investing in you. I need to make sure you're investing in yourself. All right. I'll do whatever I have to do. Good. You'll start tomorrow morning. - Doug will take you. - Stamper? He's been sober 14 years. Doug has a drinking problem? Had. Not anymore. He'll be your sponsor. In the meantime, I want you to meet with my wife, Claire. She runs the clean water initiative. She's expecting you, so clear your schedule and head over there now. Frank. Thank you. For believing in me. You're gonna make a great candidate, Peter. The shipyard closing frees up 1,100 acres of federal land. Our goal is to pass a watershed act for the Delaware River. We develop the land in an environmentally-responsible way, creating jobs in the process. How many jobs? Thousands. We're aiming for the $200-million mark. We got a lot of work to do. We do, but you can start with the congressman whose districts fall within the watershed. Do you have a draft of the bill you can show me? We haven't sponsored any environmental legislation. We'll draft it in consultation with your staff. Gillian will be the point person on our end. I don't have any legislation experience. - I'll help you. - When do we start? We just did. Will you introduce him to the research team? - I'll be there in one second. - Sure. Mr. President? I want it over. As soon as possible. Gut the bill, Frank. Do whatever's necessary to end this. Mr. President, if we give in now, the public won't credit you with a victory. Not even a hollow one. They'll chalk it up as a colossal defeat. Well, that's on you, Frank. You let this situation devolve to where it is. I've already been blamed for the largest teacher's strike in US history. I won't be held accountable for it dragging on months and months. Mr. President, we have to end this strike on your terms. Not anyone else's. How? By debating Marty Spinella on CNN? Sir, you have placed your faith in me thus far. I would ask that you continue to do so. Whatever you're doing, Frank, isn't working, so I'm stepping in. Gut the bill. Like Linda said. No. I'm sorry, Mr. President, but I will not do that. Are you letting pride cloud your judgment, Frank? Respectfully, sir, you're allowing fear to cloud yours. Not an easy thing to say no to the most powerful man in the free world. But sometimes the only way to gain your superior's respect is to defy him. What do we have on the schedule, Linda? Your meeting with the... Thank you, Mr. President. - Do you have my briefing? - Right here. Good. Let's look it over. Hi. How'd it go with Peter? It went well. Is he game? Completely. Ugh. Thank you. That's a big weight off my shoulders. You sound tired. Tired. Impatient. What can I do? Nothing. This one's up to fate. I don't like when we leave things to fate. Neither do I. Does that mean I'm gonna have the bed to myself tonight? Probably. Can't Doug man the fort? Well, he could, but I'd just toss and turn. If I'm not gonna sleep, I might as well not sleep here. Well, I'll leave the ringer on. Call me if you want company. I will. Goodnight. Goodnight. You should go home. I can take it from here. Vigilance. It's good for the soul. 10-59. Corner of 16th and Q. 10-59. What's that? Disorderly conduct. Do you believe in karma? Absolutely not. Well, I do. At least tonight. Get Captain Cardiff on the phone. Let's do something about Meechum. What? Get him his job back. He fired his weapon. He overreacted. Cardiff. On the phone. Now. Nancy, give me Captain Cardiff, please. We might as well do one productive thing while we wait. It requires very little of me and will mean the world to him. It's a very inexpensive investment. Hello, sir. This is Doug Stamper. I have Francis Underwood for you. I got him on. Captain, I know it's late, but I'd like to talk to you about Edward Meechum. Good morning, gentlemen. Thank you. - Are you hungry? - Mm-hmm. You have any trouble getting in? Nah, they made me put it through the X-ray machine twice. So I hope it didn't overcook it. Frank, you always pay too much. This is way too much. For the inconvenience. You know, 20 years you been coming to my joint. This the first time I been to yours. What do you think? I could get used to it. Well, you're welcome any time. Thank you, Freddy. Always, Frank. Got a... 446 3rd Street... That's a drive-by shooting. Get details. Sir, I want to thank you for talking to the captain. He told me you called, and I can't tell you how grateful I am. I want you to listen very closely to what I'm about to say. From this moment on, you are a rock. You absorb nothing, you say nothing, and nothing breaks you. - Is that clear? - Yes, sir. Welcome back. Steve? I'll leave you be. Where, uh-- where's Janet? She's been here every day for the last few weeks. I told her go home, get some rest. Well, is everything okay? Your text said it was important. I don't know how to put this. The thing is, I... I've been thinking. A lot. About my life. About the things I haven't done. Things I haven't said. I hate your husband. A lot of people do. The past eight years, I watched over him. But it wasn't him I was watching. And every time I saw you, every time I heard your voice, all I could think to myself was, "Jesus, what I wouldn't give." I can't tell you how many times I thought about that. You know what Francis said to me when he proposed? I remember his exact words. He said, "Claire, if all you want is happiness, say no. I'm not gonna give you a couple of kids and count the days until retirement. I promise you freedom from that. I promise you'll never be bored." You know, he was the only man-- and there were a lot of others who proposed. But he was the only one who understood me. He didn't put me on some pedestal. He knew that I didn't want to be adored or coddled. So he took my hand and he put a ring on it. Because he knew I'd say yes. He's a man who knows how to take what he wants. Is this what you wanted? Is that the way you wanted it? Stop. Stop. Please. Please. Stop. Don't. You told me your truth. Now you know mine. Hey, it's Peter. I don't expect you to call me back, but I wanted to let you know I stopped drinking, and I went to my first AA meeting. Um, I'm supposed to reach out and make amends to those I've hurt. But I guess the real reason I called you is just to say I love you and I miss you. I hope you're well. This is work, not play. Then why'd you bother coming over? I was hoping you'd answer the door naked. That would be play. That would be work with a view. Sorry to disappoint. How many characters in a tweet? 140. Type this, let me know where you land. "Eight-year-old Washington DC boy killed by a stray bullet in gangland shoot-out." 61 characters left. "Should have been in school"? 30 left. "Spinella to blame?" 128. Press "send." Now give me a name, details. Tyler Davis. Third grader at Vernon Baker Elementary. Shot outside his home in southeast just before noon today. Sent. Where are you going? - To see the mother. - You don't wanna...? There's work to do. I'll see you later tonight. Tyler never did anything wrong. He was a good boy. Everybody loved him. It's okay. If Tyler's school had been in session, this senseless killing would have never taken place. We need to end this strike now and get all our children back in school where they belong before we risk another death like this. So, Mr. Spinella, I am headed to the capitol right now, and I will remain there until you are ready to meet and talk so that we can end this pointless strike. Thank you all for coming. Let's go back inside. Mr. Spinella, one question... Mr. Spinella is not to make a comment at this time. No comment. No comment. Thank you. Frank. So? You said you wanted to talk. You said you wanted to work out a compromise. I lied. Excuse me? I have no intention of working out a compromise. So then why the fuck are we here, Frank? What the hell's the matter with you? You think this is some kind of a game? No. These are real people with families to feed. Would you please stop that? Stop what? In five seconds, I'm out of here. One. Two. Three. - Four. - Goodbye, Frank. You know the difference between you and me, Marty? What? I'm a white-trash cracker from a white-trash town that no one would even bother to piss on. But here's the difference-- I've made something of myself. I have the keys to the capitol. People respect me. But you, you're still nothing. You're just an uppity dago in an expensive suit turning tricks for the unions. Nobody respects the unions anymore, Marty. They're dying. And no one respects you. The most you'll ever make of yourself is blowing men like me. Men with real power. Yes. I can smell the cock on your breath from here. You think you can get under my skin? I know I can. Kiss my ass, Frank. You can't afford to walk out. Watch me. I've got a dead, underprivileged kid in my pocket. What do you have? I have 2 million honorable teachers. Fair enough. But I got something even better. Go ahead. Open it. Okay. I'll play your game. You're an idiot. Stamper threw it. You're full of shit. Oh, no, Stamper threw the brick. And I made sure Claire distracted my security. Are you kidding me? And to think you wanted me to apologize to my wife. You would do something that low, Frank? I arranged the brick, Marty, just like I arranged this meeting this afternoon. Back off, Frank. Why don't you just get down on your knees - where you really belong? - Back off, Frank. Because the only thing you're gonna get from me - is come on your-- - Fuck you! Everything okay in there? Ugh. Look, I'll-- I'll tell them you provoked me. I'll tell them that you threw the brick yourself. And who's going to believe you? You just assaulted a United States congressman, which is a felony. But I'm not gonna press charges, Marty. Because the strike ends now. You think it'll leave a scar? I have a thick skin. The next time you ask me to invite someone in for coffee, will you please make sure no guns go off? I'll do my best. I saw Steve again today. How is he? In a lot of pain. Should I go see him? I don't think you need to. Zoe Barnes. When he dies, we'll pay for his funeral. You don't need to take it? No. I'm done with work today. Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 