House of Cards: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 House of Cards 
 s1e8 - Chapter 8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 House of Cards (2013–2018): Season 1, Episode 8 - Chapter 8 - full transcript 
 Frank has a library named after him at his old military school. Peter tries to win back the support of his hometown. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 www.NapiProjekt.pl - nowa jakość napisów. Napisy zostały specjalnie dopasowane do Twojej wersji filmu. Oglądaj legalnie, polecaj i zarabiaj – Vodeon.pl Sync and correction by GeirDM www.addic7ed.com Control stacked, energy-efficient. Now, mind you, the whole collection could probably fit on a Kindle, but at least the cadets will have another place to get out of the rain. Did you have any input on the design? I approved the blueprints. If something's gonna have my name on it, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I want to make damn sure they build it right. I think my husband fancies himself a bit of an architect. Well, Jefferson designed Monticello. And he also fucked his slaves. Luckily, I don't have any, so that particular temptation hasn't presented itself. The Sentinel... South Carolina's premiere military college. They taught me the values of honor, duty, and respect. They also hazed me, tried to break me, and, senior year, nearly expelled me when I volunteered for a Senate Race and my studies suffered. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But that didn't stop them from soliciting a hefty sum for their new library 30 years later. How quickly poor grades are forgotten in the shadow of power and wealth. Your drink is only about half as full as it should be, Frank. Are you trying to get me drunk? Drunk, passed out in the gutter, so I can steal your wife. Did you get the email about the riflemen? - What email? - From my office about the invitations. I was hoping they would be here. I'll check the list, but I don't remember any email. Oh, not a problem. I was just wondering. Well, shit, Frank, I'm sorry. Don't you sweat it for a second. In fact, here's how you can make it up to me... freshen my drink. That I can do. Congratulations, Congressman. Remy. Nice to see you here. Gerry and all the folks at Sancorp give you their regards. Well, I'm sorry they couldn't make it. Where's Claire? Oh, she's here somewhere, fending off admirers. Sancorp was very disappointed she turned down their donation. I can imagine. And they're also concerned about Peter Russo running for Governor. Now, how do you know about that? Three quarters of Pennsylvania sits on top of the Marcellus Shale. If I can't find out who's running for governor, I don't deserve a dime of what they're paying me. This watershed bill Russo sponsors places a lot of restrictions on drilling. Remy, congress is in recess, and this weekend is not about work. I apologize. You are absolutely right. Is Sancorp your only account? I have plenty. But my other clients didn't pay for your library or my plane ticket down here. It's a nice little junket for you. I do hope you're taking in the sights. This isn't my first trip to Charleston. But I'll bet it's your first time not as my press secretary. It is. Who else do you have coming in? I didn't want to pack tonight too much. You know, these receptions are usually just for the money people like yourself. Normally, this is where I would start to drone on about the Sentinel's history, its philosophy, its yadda, yadda, yadda. But I'm going to save that for my big speech tomorrow, and that way I'm not gonna bore y'all to tears twice. Tonight we're going to turn it over to a man who needs no introduction, because we all know what a son of a bitch he is. Seriously, though, Frank Underwood exemplifies all the virtues we try to instill in our graduates. We're so proud to call you an alumnus, Frank, and to have your name as a permanent fixture on our campus. Congressman Frank Underwood! Thank you, president Higgins. I first want to thank Sancorp industries for providing the funds to make the library possible. When I matriculated here as a young cadet, Jimmy Carter had just been elected president. After I graduated, I wished that I could have had another four years, just like Jimmy. Well, neither of us got our wish. But I left this campus with fond memories. The first time I ever... d Oh, I wish I was in the land of cotton d d Old times there are not forgotten d d Look away, look away, look away... d I got your damn email. d I wish I was in Dixie d d Hooray, hooray d d In dixieland, I'll take my stand d d To live and die in Dixie d - d Away d - d Away d - d Away d - d Away d d Away down South in Dixie d d Away, away d d Away down South in Dixie d d From the halls of Montezuma d d To the shores of Tripoli d d We will fight our country's battles d the honey child, when she stepped out in the... trying on the bra on housewives of Atlanta, and I teased you about that, and I said... i called it the honey child, because she's the honey child now. Anyway, here's the thing... How long has that light been like that? I don't know. A month, maybe. And nobody's come to fix it? Nobody don't fix nothing around here. Well, have you asked? Shh. I'm watching. Leave it alone. I'm used to it now. Ohh... Better, huh? Now it's too dark. What did you do that for? Listen, ma, I'm running for Governor. I'm going to announce it in a few days. That's why I came up to Philly. There's a community meeting tomorrow. I'm going to talk to the shipbuilders about a plan to bring their jobs back so they'll support me in the election. I don't know nothing about that stuff. It's over my head. Okay, listen, there's going to be some stories coming out about me in the news... about my past. I just wanted to give you a heads-up so it doesn't catch you off guard. I don't watch the news no more. A bunch of garbage. You want to see some pictures of Kevin and Sarah? Too dark to look at pictures. No, no, no. It's on my phone. You don't need any... get it away from me. I hate those things. Brain cancer. I'm a crafter, and I have a hot glue gun, and I can very well do this my... It wasn't just up the stairs. It was up three flights of stairs, in the science building. And Guckenheimer, what he did... "well, you look lovely today, Mrs. Governor." And the thing took a dump. Right. And they couldn't get it back... you can get a cow up three flights of stairs, but you can't get it down. And that's why Andy said... "who wants steak for dinner?" How are you boys doing? - We're good. - You think I'm fat? - Take the Fifth. Seriously, Phil, here, thinks I got fat with old age. Ah, you're a big man with an even bigger heart. There you go. She said you're chubby. Frank, I'm going to go back to the hotel. Okay? Have fun. - I love this woman. - Yeah, she... don't let him get into too much trouble. They'll have grounds for impeachment when we're done with him. Better get another drink before they close up. You're coming with me to help carry them. You're gonna be a waiter tonight. Lazy-ass cadet. Lazy-ass cadet. Yeah, hold on a second there, partner. You had no idea we were coming? Complete surprise. I thought Higgins might have... no, he played it perfectly. Made me think you weren't coming at all. Are you kidding? We wouldn't have missed it for the world. On the library, are they going to put "Frank" or "Francis"? Francis. It's the same as the name above the door in my office in the Capitol. "Francis" is better for libraries. "Frank" is better for bumper stickers. I got a few of those. Does anybody ever actually call you Francis? Claire does. She's the only one. She seems like a real prize. She is. Bar was already shut down, but look what I scored. Hi, Caroline. What do you want? Is Paul around? Paul? Did you invite this man? Answer me. Did you invite him? What are you talking about? Caroline, stop! No, you're not going to stop me. Paul? You got a minute to talk? There's nothing to talk about. I want to apologize for when I saw you last time in Washington, how I treated you. Is that it? And I want to talk about the shipyard. I got a plan to fix it. You don't want everything going into the roth ira. 5, 10 grand a year. I'll set you up with a nice, diversified package. Low-risk, high-yield. I think Claire and I have things pretty well under control. If I brought a senior U.S. congressman into the fund, hoo hoo hoo, that would really up my stock in the company. What are you all gabbing about back there? We're talking about the old library. Yeah, what's happening to it? They gonna tear it down? I don't know. They could gut it. They could turn it into a student center. Hey. We should sneak in there. Like we used to. - I'm game. - Do it. Hell, why not? That's it. There you go. That's it. Shh. It's a library. This... this... the... the Sentinel... The association had about 3 million saved up in reserve for emergencies. Split that up between 12,000 members, it's nothing. A couple of weeks' groceries. There's a bill I'm working on. Major federal funds going towards public parks, green commercial spaces, cleaning up waste sites. That's construction jobs, park management, retail... - how many? - 5,000 jobs. That's not even half. It's a start. - How soon? - A year, maybe two. Two fucking years? What are we supposed to do until then? - Listen, there's a community meeting tomorrow. - I heard. I'm gonna go over everything in detail. - You gonna be there? - Wasn't planning on it. I'd like you to be there. Everybody respects you. Want me to vouch for you? Listen, I'm gonna tell you something that only a handful of people know. I'm running for Governor. I announce soon. But I need the association behind me before I do that. Now, I know I let you down with the shipyard. But if I win a governor's race, I can get everything back on track. You show up on my doorstep asking for my forgiveness. Now you want me to be your lapdog after I lost my fucking job? This watershed bill is just the beginning. If I'm governor, there's so much I can do. It's bullshit. You just want to use me. It's not like that. Yeah. It's exactly like that. Jesus Christ, Pete. You fucking politicians. Paul. Claire. I didn't realize you and Frank were staying here. We always stay here when we're in Charleston. You know that, Remy. The '08 campaign. I promise it was a coincidence my assistant booked it. Is, uh, Frank around? He's not. He's off cavorting with old classmates. Hmm. You want to sit down and have a drink? They booked me the Bridal Suite. There's champagne on ice. My, my, you've grown very confident since you worked for Francis. I've always been confident, Claire. Oh, you never would have invited me upstairs. Never had the Bridal Suite. The staff always stayed in the best Western four blocks away. Enjoy your champagne. I wasn't suggesting anything more than a drink. Weren't you? Purely being polite. Good night, Remy. The Bridal Suite's on the top floor at the end of the hallway, if you change your mind. Good night, Claire. d I know a girl upon a hill d d I know a girl all dressed in pink d - d She made my... d - d Fingers stink d d Sound off, oo-wah d d Make it loud d 3, 4! Yeah! Here you go. Hey, Kenny, I think you got a little too big for this. I think the hole got a lot smaller. Don't let a little girth stop you. Yeah. Here it is. Look, look, look. Oh, oh, you found it, killer. Oh, wow, look at that. d Oh, Shenandoah d d I long to hear you d d Far away d d You rolling river d d Oh, Shenandoah d d Just to be near you d d Far away d d Around the way d d Cross the wide Missouri d Hey. Good, and you? Oh, I'm in Charleston, actually. Mm-hmm. What are you doing here? I thought I'd surprise you. Surprise. Come on. Let me show you where I went through puberty. I can totally see you here at 16. Oh. Got in some trouble on this bed, huh? Woke up the whole block. Hey, how'd it go with Paul? He told me to fuck off. Which is what my mother told me, in her own special way. Am I going to meet her? You don't want to meet her. I just wanted to stop by, say hey, see her face. Christina, it was really sweet of you to come up here. Seriously, I'm officially convinced you're the most amazing woman I've ever been with, but I meant it when I said I wanted to take this trip alone. This thing tomorrow isn't going to be pleasant. Which is why I came... to be here for you. Moral support. I know these people. They're going to lay into me big time. Tomorrow's an important day for the campaign. Don't fight me on this. Okay. So do I get a hotel? Do I stay here? Come on. Don't be like that. A hotel would be more comfortable. But it would be a waste of valuable campaign funds. Oh, campaign funds. You see that crack up in the ceiling? Mm-hmm. I used to fall asleep staring at it every night. I know every inch and curve. It's dark in here. I'm scared. - Whoa, whoa. - Hey, hey, hey. Be fucking careful, man! Let there be light! What were you thinking about? How come you and Frank have never had kids? You've never had kids. Yeah, but I'm not married. Answer the question. We just decided not to. There wasn't some big conversation. I think you're lying. Think whatever you want. You've honestly never thought about it? I mean, yeah, maybe, once or twice. I mean, I don't feel there's some void. I'm perfectly happy without. What about you? Can you imagine me wiping a baby's ass and changing nappies? No, I can't. Actually, yes, I just did. I'm gonna have to get off the phone. You've ruined everything. Well, we really should get off. It's been... Over an hour, I think. Okay. - Go on then. - I'm hanging up right now. No, I am. Come on. Don't quit on me. Oh, I lost count. Don't be... don't quit. Oh... oh, God! Oh, you win. Oh, but it's not a fair fight. You run a rafting company. I sit behind a desk all day. Oh, I'd love to see your ass with a paddle, bouncing through a class-four rapid. If I can whip congress into submission, I'm not afraid of a little white water. You can't tame a rapid, Frank. My heart is beating so fast... If I have a heart attack, it's your fault. Mine too. Here. I need another drink. Ugh. I think I'll have another too. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Don't bogart that. Do you think this place made us? How do you mean? When I walked on campus today, I wondered, "did it mean anything? "If it's just a place we spent four years of our lives... or was there more?" I don't know. I do know you were always the guy that was gonna get a building named after him. I knew that the moment I saw you cuss out the drill sergeant when we were knobs. The library is a sham. Higgins asked me a favor. I asked someone else a favor. They slapped my name on it. Politics. Like everything else. Not everybody gets asked those favors. Or knows how to deliver on 'em. Oh, in 50 years they'll just replace it with something else. Just like they're doing with this for mine. You still built something. However long it lasts. The library doesn't matter. But I want to think this place did. I think it meant a lot to us. Then. And what about us? Honestly, I haven't really thought about it that much. It's a long time ago. We were so close. Like brothers. More than brothers. We were kids, Frank. We messed around a couple of times. I was so drawn to you. I could always make you laugh. How did we lose touch? You went to law school. I joined the army. You ran for congress, I... i moved to Colorado. 30 years goes by. I got children older than we were back then. Do you have anyone, Frank? I have Claire. Besides Claire. I have. From time to time. If I want someone, I want them. It's attraction. Made me happy to make you happy, Frank. Didn't see any harm in it. You know why I love rafting? When you're on the water, all you're thinking about is what's right in front of you. Everything is in the moment. I don't really have time to think about the past. You meant something to me. I believe that. All gone. I don't feel so well. You gonna be sick? No. No, I just... Take a break. Can we just take a... For a little bit? Until I feel better. Take as long as you like. I got nowhere to go. It's almost 7:00. I don't even wanna sleep. Come on. One... Two... Three... Four... One, two, three, four, we are the sentinel. 1,100 acres are developed. - Yes. - 30% public parks. - Yep. - 45% shopping offices. Yes. 25% middle-income housing. You going? Is it required? I don't think so. Who is he that they're naming the place after? Some guy who went here. I think he's dead. We had to set up the chairs yesterday. It was hot as shit. That sucks. I'm gonna try to get some shut-eye before the ceremony. - I'll see you all later? - Later it is. Frank, before I forget, here's my card. So your money manager can call me. Get some rest. Claire. You look like you're hurting. It was an all-nighter. - Was it fun at least? - It was fun. I need to get some shut-eye. Remy's staying here. He harassing you about the donation? Oh, nothing I can't handle. Go get some rest. - Were you good? - Not bad. I mean, I wasn't a starter, but I had my time on the court. I think you look sexier now all grown up. Congressman? We're ready for you. You said two years. I think two years is a realistic estimate. - If it passes at all. - Which I think it will. You think or you know? I can't predict 100%, but I'm confident it will. You think, you're confident, you can't predict 100%. How does any of that help us? I'll tell you something. I am 100% unable to pay my mortgage right now. I'm 100% unable to buy my kids school supplies. We supposed to live off my husband's disability? There'll be paid training programs available. How much will they pay? Uh, granted, it's less than you made at the shipyard. - So how much? - It's about $6 an hour. Jesus Christ. That's not even minimum wage. Horseshit! You have to see it as an investment. The training programs are a valuable resource. You're not getting it. I can't afford to make investments. Six dollars an hour puts my family on the street. What do you want me to work? Five jobs? If you get a part-time job, that and the training programs... do you wanna know what I think? I think you sit around in Washington coming up with all sorts of fancy numbers and solutions that look good on paper. But that doesn't cut it for the rest of us. You said you had our backs, you lying piece of shit! We don't eat paper for dinner. You can't put a paper roof over your head. When we all voted for you, I didn't think that every one of those votes was another nail in our own coffin. Everybody just sit down for ten minutes. We can go over this proposal point by point and you can get the information that you need to get the resources that you want. It's like they don't want to find a solution. They're scared. I understand that they're scared, but that doesn't mean they can't listen. You don't know these people, Christina. I worked in your office for three years. I spoke to them. I took their calls. I replied to their emails. You didn't grow up with them. I don't need to grow up hand to mouth to empathize with the fact that... they're not interested in empathy. The house keys are in my jacket. I'll call you. - Peter. - I said I'll call you. Do your homework. Sister Mary Joseph. You didn't do it. Don't lie to me. I used to use the same ploy with my parents. Nah, baloney. We do the homework and then we eat. All right, who's hungry? What do you guys want? Hamburgers. You know mommy makes macaroni... No, pizza. No pizza. You guys can eat that every... sweetheart, take the kids upstairs. How'd you get in here? You still keep the spare key behind the loose brick on the porch. You break into my house? You scare my kids like that? We gotta talk, Paul. We talked last night. Now get out. I can convince these people, but I need your help. - Leave my house. - Sit down. I don't wanna have to hurt you with my children upstairs, petey. Then help me. This is your last chance. I'm not going anywhere. Ugh! Get back upstairs! What are we doing? I don't wanna fight you, petey. I don't wanna fight you either. I will. But we don't have to. What do you want me to do? You elected me to represent you, but I couldn't forestall the inevitable. The shipyard was closing. If not this year, then next. Or the year after. We all know that. I could have lied to you. I could have pretended to do more. But I don't believe about living in the past. I only care about the future. Here's another truth that's gonna be hard to swallow. I'm all you've got. Nobody in Washington gives a fuck about you. No one. He's right. Whatever you think of petey, we either go with him or we got nothin'. Now, does what I'm offering you come anywhere near what you want or deserve? No. But you gotta open your eyes and take what's in front of you. We can build on that. 5,000 jobs becomes 10,000. Then 15,000. Not in the snap of a finger, but faster than doing nothing will. Can I count on all of you? All right, I'll take that as a yes. We'll need your contact information so we can send you materials to share with your friends. Now, let's talk about the way the money's gonna get phased in. It's gonna happen in six stages. Stage one... d Oh say does that star-spangled d d Banner yet wave d d For the land of the free d d And the home of the brave d Left face. Forward march. Francis Underwood's career. Harvard law degree. One of the youngest state legislators in the history of South Carolina. A 22-year veteran of the U.S. Congress. House majority whip. Speaks volumes about the values young people learn here at the sentinel. Values like honor, duty, discipline, like sacrifice, service, and respect. Ladies and gentlemen, the Francis J. Underwood library. Congressman? Thank you. I wrote a speech. But I'm not gonna read it. Nothing is permanent. Not even this building. I don't mean to sound ungrateful. I am very grateful. I'm deeply honored. And I am... I'm very moved. I had the good fortune of spending most of this weekend with a group of friends. Friends I haven't seen in a very long time. Friends I made here. Most of you young cadets probably, uh, don't know who I am. A politician, a name, a few accomplishments. But I don't blame you. When I was your age, why, I didn't care much for what men in gray hair did or what they had to say. I... I wish I could describe... Harmony. That's the word that stuck in my mind. Harmony. It's not about what's lasting or permanent. It is about individual voices coming together. For a moment. And that moment lasts... The length of a breath. That's what I think about my time here. You'll have to forgive me. I had more than a few whiskeys last night. You know, when I was a cadet, we could drink all night and then get up in the morning and march 20 Miles, but these days I'm lucky I got up these three steps. I wanna thank you very much. This is a great honor. I wanna thank president Higgins and of course the love of my life, Claire. Thank you all very much. - You okay? - Yes. Nurse Madison, please pick up line two. Hi, ma. This is Christina. I told you about her yesterday. - Hi, Mrs. Russo. - Hey. We just came by to say goodbye. We have to catch a train in about an hour. Okay. They still haven't fixed that light? Uh-uh. Things went well today. I think the folks in the yard are gonna get behind me. Peter did a great job. Hand me that blanket. The A.C. in here is nuts. What happened to your hand? I got in a fight. Did you win? Yeah, I guess I did. That's my Peter. So you're fucking my son. Lighten up. I'm just messing with you. Excuse me. Yeah. Hold on a second. Yeah? Yeah, my mother's in room 409. She has a light out that needs to be replaced. All right. I'll take care of it. Okay, thanks. Look, babe, if you put that pink thing on, I'm telling you... Hold on. What is it? The light in my mother's room. I told you I'll take care of it later. No, you'll take care of it now. I gotta go. And turn the A.C. down while you're in there too. Yes, sir. Thank you very much. You're very welcome, sir. Take care of yourself. I'm real proud of you, Frank. I hate to admit it, but I feel the same. Well, having all you here was what made it special. Now you stay in touch. - Will do. - See ya, buddy. Beautiful ceremony, Frank. Yeah, they did a good job. Your speech. I'm glad I was here for that. Me too. You should come out to Salida sometime. I'll take you out on the Arkansas river. - I should do that. - Any time you want. Yep. All right. Francis? Edward has the car ready. I'll be right there. Take your time. You hear from Peter? Looks like the shipbuilders are on board. Tomorrow morning we start working on his draft - for his announcement speech. - Got it. And I want the brief on the mock-up for the watershed bill. I got that with me. Ride with me to the airport. We'll go through it in the car. Sync and correction by GeirDM www.addic7ed.com www.NapiProjekt.pl - nowa jakość napisów. Napisy zostały specjalnie dopasowane do Twojej wersji filmu. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 