All in the Family: Season 5, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 All in the Family 
 s5e7 - Gloria's Shock - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 All in the Family (1971–1979): Season 5, Episode 7 - Gloria's Shock - full transcript 
 Four years into the Stivic marriage, Mike and Gloria still have no children. That's just fine by Mike, and his wishes cause yet another argument between him and Gloria. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ? Boy, the way Glenn Miller played ? ? songs that made the hit parade ? ? guys like us, we had it made ? ? those were the days ? and you knew where you were then ? ? girls were girls and men were men ? (Both) ? mister, we could use a man ? like Herbert hoover again ? didn't need no welfare states ? ? everybody pulled his weight ? (Both) ? gee our old lasalle ran great ? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ? those were ? the days [sighing] Oh, hello, my darling. You look a little tired. What you need is some tender loving care. Do we have time, Gloria? I was talking to moss plant, honey. Oh, oh. You're the one that first taught me that plants really respond to love and affection. That's true, that's true, so do husbands. (Gloria) Oh, oh not now, honey. Why? Come on, nobody's here. No, come on. Gloria, you won't even show your husband 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the same attention you show your fern. Oh, oh, ok. [Cooing] Hello, my honey! [Laughing] What, are you cooling off the red hot lover there? Why don't you take him outside and turn the hose on him? Recreation break's over, the warden's back. Hi, ma. I made you some coffee. Oh, how was the funeral? Oh, it was very nice. Didn't you think it was, Archie? Ah, well, Edith, funerals are all the same, one's just like the next one. The only thing different is the dearly departeds. It was a lovely service. And the reverend felcher said such nice things about poor Joe hoffsinger. Wherever Joe is, I'm sure his ears must have been burning. Oh, did you go to the cemetery? Oh, no, Joe ain't being buried. What are they gonna do with him? He's gonna be incremated. Daddy, "cremated." Ain't that what I said? [Blowing a raspberry] And they're gonna keep his ashes around the house in one of them silver urinals. And, by the way, don't you never do that to me. Oh, no, Archie, I promise. Oh, you got something against cremation? No, but with your mother-in-law, I'd probably wind up in the vacuum cleaner. Poor old Joe hoffsinger. Here today, gone tomorrow. That's the way it is. Another victim of the grim weeper. Sure makes you think about life, though. Jeez, you get married, you work your butt off all your life to support your family. And what's your big reward in the end? Every Wednesday, the widow shines you up along with the rest of the brics and bracs on the mantle board. It's hard to believe him dying like that. Mr. hoffsinger always looked so healthy. Oh, Joe took pretty good care of himself. Yeah, his wife told me he was always taking vitamin pills, and eating sunflower seeds, and drinking goat's milk. Then how did he die? He dropped dead jogging home from the health food store. Poor Joe. You know what bothered me? His son, Bernard, didn't even come to the funeral. And that was a disgrace. Well, ma, weren't you the one to tell me that they never got along? Oh, well, how the hell you gonna get along with a kid like Bernard, with his painted toenails, carrying a purse, and whiskers down to his bellybutton? He's a musician. Musician? What are you talking about? The guy's a jerk. Plays in one of them rock groups. That's a good name for them, too. They all look like they crawled out from under a group of rocks. Daddy, maybe Bernard had a good reason for not being at the funeral. There ain't no good reason for a thing like that, little girl, after the old man working hard for him all of his life. He wanted to take Bernard into the business. And it was a very good business. What business was that? He was an exterminator. You should've seen his truck. It was covered with all kinds of pictures of the different kinds of bugs he could kill for you. And laying on top was this big rubber cockroach. And every time Joe drove down the street, its little legs would go flying around, like it was alive. Bernard could've had all of that. How about a little lunch there, huh, Edith? Oh, ma, I got everything ready. Oh, thanks, Gloria, I'll help you. Yeah, poor old Joe hoffsinger. Well, what the hell, he's up there now. In the attic? No, don't be a smart guy, heaven. And you know I meant heaven. He's in heaven. St. Peter's up there measuring him for his wings right now. You mean those wings are tailor-made? I always thought they came off the rack. Don't try and be a wise guy, will you? Do you really believe that stuff? I most certainly do. I read my Bible and it's in my Bible. Guys who go to heaven get wings. Now leave me alone! Fine, arch, suppose there is a heaven, and suppose when you get up there, you're not met by St. Peter. You're met by a rabbi. What would you do? I'd drop dead. But that's a stupid "supposing if," because everybody knows that in heaven there ain't no differences of race or color. Everybody's equal, white christians. What about hell, are there any white christians in hell? You better be careful or you're gonna find out. Let me tell you something, you ain't got no respect in you. That's the trouble with Joe hoffsinger's son Bernard. That's the thanks Joe got, after bringing that kid into the world. What thanks should he get? I mean, gee, I think if you bring a kid into the world nowadays, you owe an apology. I know, if it was up to me, I wouldn't be born into this rotten world. What's the matter with the world today? Well, for one thing, it's too crowded. Not for me, if it's too crowded for you, why don't you step off of it? Arch, there are over 4 billion people in the world today. We don't have food to feed half of them. And in 25 years, Asia alone is gonna have 4 billion. Who's gonna take care of all those people? God. Oh, well, t-that's a relief. How's he gonna do that? Like he always done it in the past. Anytime he figured the world was too full, God, in his infinite mercy, gave us wars, or earthquakes, floods, diseases, and pestilentiaries like that. It's nice to have an intelligent conversation with you. (Edith) Food's on. You don't really mean that, because the trouble with you is, like I said before, that you ain't got no respect. Arch, respect has to be earned. So does a living, but that don't mean nothing to you. I'm telling you right now, there's a big "hate your parents" movement going on in this country in the U.S. of a., but it wasn't an American that started it. It was a German head shrinker by the name of Sigmund froos. Freud only said that parents can create a lot of problems. Oh, he's wacky. Parents create children and children create the problems, including you, little girl. Me? What problems did I ever cause? Well, tip a glance to your right there. That's not funny, arch. No, it's sad and it's terrible. Daddy, I didn't ask to be born. Oh, well, now you're here, I mean, what're we gonna do, get your vote? Look at this. See, see this is the appreciation you get for making a big decision to bring a kid into this world. Oh, big decision. Come off it, arch. The only reason a lot of people have kids is because they forget to make a trip to the drugstore. Can't you keep your mouth shut about nothing? I didn't say nothing. Oh. Oh, ma. You know how you used to always call me your little pink bundle from heaven? Well, you can't do that anymore 'cause I just found out I was a surprise package. Well, now you know, kind of keep it indoors, huh? Things like that happen in the best of families. Well, that won't happen to me and Michael, huh, honey? That's right. We're not gonna have any kids. What? I said, we're not gonna have any kids. What? You don't mean that. Oh, no, ma. He means while we're living here. (Archie) What? No, Gloria, I mean we're not gonna have any kids, period. What? You didn't talk about that when we got married. What? A lot of things have changed since then. What did you do, meathead, sneak off to some chiropractor and get yourself fixed? No, arch, I just don't feel it's right to bring kids into the world today. Just like that, you decide we're not gonna have any children? Not just like that, Gloria. I've been thinkin' about it for a long time. Michael, why didn't you just at least discuss it with your wife first? He didn't discuss it with me, neither. I was gonna tell you! Tell me? How about ask me? I thought our marriage was a partnership, not a dictatorship. This guy's a dictator here. Yeah. Oh, Gloria, be rational. That's another Hitler over there. No, not a Hitler. Why not? Hitler didn't have no kids, he had a police dog. Archie, I think we better go upstairs and let them finish. No, no, no, no, no, we're in this and we're gonna stay in this. You sit down. Arch, this doesn't concern you. That kid that you don't wanna have happens to be my grandson. Or granddaughter. Well, whatever. All right, Michael, you told me something, now I'm gonna tell you something. I haven't been taking the pill for the last 6 weeks. Ah, jeez, private, private. Surprise. You wouldn't do that to me, would you? Wouldn't I? You would, you would. She would, she did. I didn't. I did not, and you know why I didn't? Because I wouldn't do a thing like that without consulting you first. Because I'm honest. What--what are you saying I'm not? Well, if the shoe fits, kick yourself with it. Yeah, meathead. And if the shoe don't fit you, give it to me and I'll kick you with it. Arch, will you butt out of this? This is none of your business. The hell it ain't. You know, this family could divorce you for holding back. A lot of people don't wanna have kids! Yeah, well, I know of one Polish couple I wish would've thought that way. All right, all right, I'm sorry I apologize, I was wrong, ok? Ok, now, when do we have the baby? I wasn't wrong about that. I--I was just wrong not to discuss it with you. Well, we're discussing it now and you're still wrong. When we got married you promised me 2 things, Michael stivic, a home and a family. Now I find out that you meant my home and my family. Gloria, let--let's not change the subject. Can we stick to one fight at a time, please? You know, Michael, you could've come to me. I--I'm really not that hard to find. Uh, when you get in this bed, I'm the first girl on your left. You wanna talk about it ? Fine, we'll talk about it. Boy, you sure had me fooled. I can remember a week, about 4 years ago, when all you could do was cry. What are you talking about? When I had the miscarriage. You know what? You're a hypocrite. It's taken me 4 years to find out you hate children. I don't hate children, Gloria. I love children. That's why I don't wanna bring any into the world the way it is now. Oh, come on. Stop playing Hamlet. And you stop being so damn naive, Gloria. Take a look around you, if you can see through the pollution. You wanna take a kid to the beach nowadays? You don't give him a sand pail, you give him a garbage pail. Ok, Mr. ecology. But all that can change. They're gonna clean up the air, too. Oh, yeah? Oh, yeah? What about spray cans? What? Yeah, yeah. Here, right here. This is a killer. Oh, so now my hair spray's a killer? Yeah, your hair spray, my deodorant, all spray cans. I read that there are gases inside these cans, Gloria, that shoot up into the air and can destroy the ozone. What's the ozone? Ozone is a protective shield that surrounds the earth that protects us against ultraviolet rays. You know what they can do? Yeah, they can give you a sunburn. Sure, when the ozone's there. But when it's all gone you can get skin cancer, and God knows what it can do to the plants and crops. [Thudding] Well, all right, Michael. [Sighs] Let's compromise. You let me have a baby and I'll let you have my hair spray. You haven't heard one word I've said. Gloria, some scientists are saying that in 10 years, at the rate the ozone's going, this world is gonna be in big trouble. Well, Michael, you just can't go on being afraid of life. I'm not afraid of life, Gloria, I'm just facing it. [Sobs] Oh... [Sobbing] Don't cry. First, you tell me I can't have a family and now you say, "don't cry." I'll cry if I want to. Gloria, I didn't say we couldn't have a family. We can always adopt. Hey, that way, we'd be giving our love to a kid that's already been born. Well, maybe later. But first it's important to me, as a woman, to--to try to have one of my own. Why? Why? Why is that the most important thing in life, t-t-to give birth? W-what're you, a baby machine? Some baby machine, I can't even turn out one copy. Honey. Michael, don't you touch me unless you mean business. Do you think, maybe, they made up? It's gotten awful quiet up in their bedroom. Nah. If they made up, their bedroom'd be anything but quiet. I wonder why Mike really don't wanna have children. Edith, because he's an atheist. And the atheist religion don't believe in the Bible. What's that got to do with it? It's got everything to do with it, Edith, it's in the Bible, the lord gives normal people a direct order. He says, "ye shall be fruitful and multiply." And "ye" means everybody, right? That's right. Ye is the plurable of you. "And ye shall be fruitful and multiply." Oh, my. Don't God got a nice way of putting things? I wonder if he could do something about me being a grandma. [Doorbell rings] I'll get it. "Be fruitful and multiply." And I'm stuck with a son-in-law who only wants to break even. Edith, I got your gas bill by mistake. Oh, thanks, Irene. Why didn't you pay it by mistake, Irene? Come on, admit it. I'm making sense. There's nothing to admit, Michael. I want a baby. So leave me alone. She wants a baby, leave her alone. She'll never get it that way, Archie. Irene, would you like to have some lunch? Oh, just coffee, thanks. Edith, am I interrupting anything here? Oh, no, it's already happened. Tell Irene the truth there, Edith. We just found out that the meat head and Gloria ain't gonna have no kids and it's his fault. (Irene) Oh, I'm sorry, Mike. Was it the mumps you had last year? What mumps? I didn't have any mumps. I had 2 wisdom teeth removed. That shouldn't do it. Well, with him you never know. Irene, I just don't wanna have any kids, that's all. Mike says that the world ain't a safe place for babies. It's not a safe place for adults. Yeah, see, see, Irene agrees with me. She knows what I'm talking about. E-even some catholics are using the pill these days, right? I think they're using their individual conscience. Yeah, well, a lot of them catholics are using their consciences in secret, you know. Like, what do you call, under the covers? Have you thought about adoption, Mike? Sure, I'm all for it. Oh, what are you bringing up adoption for? Well, that way, they'd be taking care of a child that's already here. Whatever they do, I'll be taking care of the whole bunch of them. Look, Mike, Frank and I had the same doubts about bringing a child into this world. And then Frank said: "Who knows, maybe a child of ours will change the world. Maybe we'll give birth to another Abraham Lincoln." Jeez, you missed that by a mile, didn't you? We came pretty close. One of them is tall, skinny, and poor. Goodbye, Archie. Ouch! Jeez, Irene. What did I do? You gave me a carpet shock. Mike, whatever you decide, I love you both. Bye. Bye, Irene. [Door closing] Mike, I gotta confess. I was lookin' forward to being a grandma. We was both looking forward to being grandma. Havin' a little grandson I could take to the park, or a granddaughter, whose hair I could curl and dress up in pretty clothes. And we could all be together on Thanksgiving and Christmas and say grace and laugh a lot and have fun. Where'd you get the idea that that's how family life is? She's always watching the waltons. That's right. Look at all the kids they got. Oh, my, Mike, if the waltons thought like you they wouldn't even have a TV show. Ma? You don't think I'm wrong, do you? I mean, I don't think it's that selfish of me to want a baby. Oh, no, Gloria. You're a woman. Every woman wants a baby. It makes her feel useful. Is that the way I made you feel? Oh, sure. And I loved my little girl. But, ma, what is there to make you feel useful now? I'm not a little girl anymore. Well, I was looking forward to another 20 years with my grandchildren. I wouldn't count on it, if I was you, ma. Oh, Gloria, don't worry. Mike'll see it your way. Wait till you move into your own place, he'll change his mind. No, ma, Michael's got too many strong arguments against it. Well, you got strong arguments for it. Oh, my goodness. What would you do with your life if you didn't have a baby? I mean, that's the main thing women was meant to do. The main thing? Yeah. You gotta admit, we was built for it. If we wasn't meant to have babies, we'd all be men. Excuse me, ma. Oh, yeah, sure. [Cutlery rattling] Michael? Yeah. Maybe you're right. Gloria? What--what made you change your mind? Ma did. How did I do that? Ma, I believe a--a woman's meant to be a person first, and--and then maybe a mother. I don't need to give birth to a baby to make me feel useful. I'm useful. I know you are. Gloria, does that mean you don't want to have a baby? Oh, I didn't say that. I don't know, I... I just want to think about it. (Archie) How 'bout a beer out here? Excuse me. What the hell's going on out there? Well, they just made up. Is he gonna do his duty and come up with the conjugals? Well, I don't know. I think Mike has got Gloria thinking his way. And I'm thinking that we'll never be a grandma. Oh, don't worry about nothin' like that. She's got the whole control over that, anyhow. You want to ensure it, I tell you what you do. You pick your time, you duck into their bedroom. You know Gloria's birth patrol pills? Yeah. Out the window and over the fence. Oh, Archie. No, I-- do what I tell you. We'll be back in the grandma business, and the pills'll work on the jeffersons' cat. (Male narrator) All in the family was recorded on tape before a live audience. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 