Cultureshock: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cultureshock 
 s1e3 - The Rise of Trash TV - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cultureshock (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Rise of Trash TV - full transcript 
 This documentary takes a look at the rise of the raw and salacious real-life television theatre of tabloid talk shows like "The Jerry Springer Show" and "Geraldo". 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (eerie music) - Talk shows have really been perceived as the kind of freak show of American society. - These shows are disgusting, they're depraved. - They called these talk shows cultural rot. - [Woman] Cultural rot. - These shows and are part of what's wrong in our society today. (shouting) - There is nothing on our show that isn't already in the bible, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that isn't already in Shakespeare, that isn't already in great literature. But we had never seen it on television before. - You belong to me! (murmuring) (bustling music) - Suddenly we were seeing real people be authentically themselves on television. - I've never felt like a male, I don't look like a male-- - Americans hadn't seen people open up like this. - It is your fault. - And this was real. - Who did you leave him for? - A woman. (shouting) - Gave this country a chance to really look at itself, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 sort of shined a mirror back. - Welcome to the program! - You had Geraldo, you had Sally Jessy, Donahue-- - Watch this! - [Maury] Jenny Jones, you had Jerry Springer. - Here's Dana! -[Guest] Bitch! - If you're in a race, you want to win, and that's where the crazy started. - [Maury] You are not-- (screaming) - I really do think that daytime talk shows were the dawn of reality television. (ambient tuning music) - That's a gay relationship. You weren't dressing at the time, were you? - I always looked like a girl since I was one year old. - One of the claims to fame, obviously, of daytime talk shows, the way in which they've innovated television, is that they put ordinary people on TV. It is the focus of the genre. Ordinary people on television telling their personal stories. - [Woman] Everyone knew him-- - These stories are real. It's not fake. Fake doesn't work with an American television audience. (static hisses) - [Laura] But let's not forget this wasn't always the case. - Cock-a-doodle-doo. (laughter) (chuckles) - Holy hole in a donut! (laughs) (guns fire) - Back then, television was a different kind of medium. (laughter) There was nothing gripping, there was nothing at stake, really. - Steven, well, why did you come here today? - Soap operas were so popular, but there was always the sense of fakeness. - Because I wanted to look into your eyes, that's why. - [Host] Here they are! - [Drew] I suppose ordinary people were on game shows. - [Host] Hello, Yvonne. - There really was not much real life happening to somebody on game shows. - All right. - Talk to us about it. - Of course, there were talk shows, but maybe more often than not, interviewed professional experts or celebrities. (laughter) - [Announcer] The password is professor. - That was a wildly different era than it is these days. (goofy music) (static hisses) - And then came Donahue. (swinging music) He, I think, first aired in 1967. - Hi, Jane Fonda, thank you. Recognize Jane Fonda-- - He was doing the show in Dayton, and he was doing a local talk show. - [Guest] First time I played golf, I was-- - Celebrities would come in-- (laughter) authors would come in. - In the early days of Donahue, he had a similar type of interview style as the rest of them. Phil Donahue would soon become the pioneer of the genre in many ways. - Television was sitting on the edge of a powerful shift, one that would actually transform pop culture. - The Donahue Show was about to be groundbreaking. (cheering) And per usual-- (static hisses) It was an accident. - On this program is Madalyn Murray O'Hair. Mrs. O'Hair is probably the world's most famous atheist. - [Guest] What do you have a against God? - Uh, first-- - Why does he bug you? - He was doing the show as usual. - Phil said that he was lost on one show before. - [Phil] I didn't say I was lost. - You said-- - I did not! - And by accident, as these things always happen-- - We'll be back in just a moment. Back in a moment. - During the commercial breaks to keep the audience entertained, he would let the audience ask a guest a question. - Have you ever been tempted to pray but didn't because you are an atheist? - Never. - And then somebody said, "Wait a minute. "That's interesting." - [Man] Are you Jewish? - No, I'm not. - [Man] Are you saved or lost? - Well, I think I'm saved-- - That's not relevant! - It is to me when he's asking-- - No, you have to answer his question. - This was just as interesting a lot of times as the show itself, so somebody very smart said, "Wait a minute, why don't we put that on television? "Let's take what we're doing in the commercial "and let the audience in." (collegiate orchestrated music) - [Phil] Yes, you had a question. - Jamie. We're from Pennsylvania. - Hi, hi, Jamie. Where are you from? - I'm from Dayton. - I used to work here at TV2. - And your name is? - [Audience Man] Terry Wilson. - He was the first person to bring the audience into the show. - I just wanted to know when you wrote your first song, how old you were. - Well, I was 13 years old-- - Let alone allowing regular folk to ask a celebrity a question. You never saw it. - Have you ever considered doing a centerfold? - Have I? (laughter) - [Phil] We're back here on the-- - Donahue really innovated the genre. He got rid of sitting behind a desk. - Yes, ma'am. What's the matter? And on the eighth day, the host shut up. Don't worry about saying something stupid. I hold the record, you can't top me. - He was one of the first people to talk about different kinds of sexuality, and marriage. - I don't want to say this, we have two families who have divorced, and some of whom have remarried, but they all live in the same community. - Okay, now, what do we have here? - Obviously, the format was really, really working well. - It's excellent, I think. - So it occurred to me one day-- - We'll be back in just a minute. - Why isn't a woman doing a show like this? - Daytime television in general was sort of considered women's terrain. - My body, it was my decision. - Do you feel the need to have your own child? - The woman's gotta have a different way of looking at this than the way Donahue's looking it. And we made a development deal for me to develop a show and find somebody. (pensive orchestrated music) - The idea of being the first woman host was not so much radical as unpopular. Men then and now control the media, and a woman really should just stay in her place, and they can't get ratings, so, you know, we don't need 'em. - Yeah, it was, you know, it was a man's world. But that didn't stop us. (upbeat easy listening music) (applause) - In case you're just joining us, we're talking today about something that's really fascinating. Donahue was doing more philosophical topics. We've been talking about people who are obsessive and compulsive, and Mike says that's him. I started my show by doing human topics. Being anorexic and being bulimic, they're not the same thing. - Anorexia and bulimia are very different. - Being gay. What was it like when you told your mother, Tony? - She kept denying it, she kept saying, "No you're not, no you're not." - [Sally] Being a bad child. - It's just one of those things that I reacted out of frustration. - Being an outsider. You don't have a pronoun. You would prefer me not to use he or she. - I like being who I am. Why should I try to be anybody else? - Sally brought a kind of intimacy to the show that was missing from the more issue-oriented shows that Phil Donahue was doing. - People are probably asking why are we talking about this today. One of the reasons is, of course, that the purpose of what we try to do here every day is understanding. I wanted to communicate that almost everyone is pretty much the same, and that things that you're going through-- - I didn't know what was wrong with me, I still didn't know anything about OCD, I didn't know what it was. - Someone else has gone through. - You had a certain idea of what a drug addict was, what an alcoholic was. - Most of the time, we were wrong. We brought it out and showed these were real people with real problems, so you were learning. - Have you survived as a woman with four kids and just a part time income? I mean, it must be tough. - Sally Jessy drew audiences in and sort of helped paved the way for women to begin hosting talk shows. - We'll be right back. (cheering) - Then Oprah came on the scene and perfected the whole therapeutic turn. I think for the primarily female audience, it was important to have female hosts. - Do you mind if I give you a hug? - The audience began to trust Sally. (applause) I remember thinking, "Wow. "Here we go." (cheering) - Donahue and Sally became stars emphasizing the things they do best. Issues delivered in a way that people could relate to. With me, it was more people watched wondering when the bomb was gonna go off. (funky music) - Geraldo had come into daytime talk from investigative reporting. - You get that? - Yup. - [Laura] So had this more sort of masculine, muck-raking sort of persona. - Whoa, whoa! - You know you just sold a kilo of cocaine to Geraldo Rivera? (hard-hitting music) (cheering) - Geraldo's a bit a (beep) stirrer, but in a way, that was his job. - Maria, our next guest, now 19, has been in and out of the gang for all of her teenage years. Criminal? - Yeah, I'm from Compton, 155 Street. - Inside look into the world of women bodybuilder. It had a little of everything (chuckles) for everybody. From gang bangers, or hate mongers. - [Laura] He was also, I think, more politically oriented. - Thank you. - So I remember a show where he invited white supremacist guests and a black activist guest on stage. - Meet John Metzger of the White Aryan Resistance Youth. - So our idea was to bring Roy Ennis from CORE-- he's the chairman of the Congress of Racial Equality. These non-racist skinheads, and these skinheads in one place, and see what happened. Do you not believe, sir, that Adolf Hitler and the Nazis were heroes? - Yeah. - I really hated them, they really hated Roy, they really hated me. - You're beating around the bush, Gerry. - Started with a lot of, you know, "Go ahead, go ahead." Don't push me too hard. - Oh, come on. - These guys are immature clowns. - And everyone knew that this whole combustible mix was going to be brewed on television. The Holocaust, did it happen, Bob Hike? - Does it matter? - [Geraldo] Does it matter? - Geraldo, he always got himself in the thick of things. - If you have true belief in your convictions, why are you afraid to let other people speak? - Because I get sick and tired of hearing the sob stories from (beep). I get sick and tired of seeing Uncle Tom here trying to be a white man. - Go ahead, Roy, go ahead. It really was putting a flame and gasoline together. - You gotta be kiddin', you gotta be kiddin'. You gotta be kiddin'. - I didn't know quite how it was going to explode. - [Roy] Hey, hold it! Hold it! - Sit down! (shouting) (dramatic music) - Chairs were flying. (shouting) Punches were thrown. - For a street fight to last a minute and a half-- (shouting) It's like a war! (shouting) If you look at the video, you see the chair clearly come sailing from screen left, hit me in the face. - Geraldo broke his nose. (shouting) There was a lot of blood. - All right, sit down! - I mean, this was evidence of the real issue, the emotion, the intensity, the importance. - When Geraldo got in the middle of that fight, that's the first time we had seen anything like that in daytime television. (siren wails) - [Laura] It was a real defining moment in the genre's history. It was like the canary in the coal mine. It was the harbinger of things to come. - The skinhead brawl was taped around four o'clock in the afternoon. It strikes me that some of of our audience (chuckles) may be fairly traumatized. - This is my first new day in New York, and-- (laughter) - [Geraldo] By 6:30, it was on all the network national news programs - Geraldo Rivera is back in a controversy tonight because of television. - After things got out of hand at a taping session for his syndicated program. - [Burt] It was the lead story that night. - [Anchorwoman] Group of avowed white racists who-- - And it was a daytime talk show. (speaking in French) - [John] The sob stories from-- - So even as they were deploring, "Look at this, look at this, isn't this awful?" - [Tom Brokaw] Guests had included civil rights activist Roy Ennis-- - Now let's watch it again in slow motion. - [Tom Brokaw] Today he found himself in a real free for all. - That realness was something we all craved. - [Anchorman] And a group of avowed white racists who couldn't resist name-calling. - There's fighting on stage. And that was the first incarnation of all that. (speaking in foreign language) - [Anchorwoman] Rivera was bloodied but unbowed. After paramedics patched him up, the taping session continued. (shouting) (pensive music) - As a result, it boosted us into the first rung in terms of ratings. (cheering) Thank you! And then that year, I was on the cover of Newsweek, and the headline was "Trash TV." It was my picture with my broken nose, and I became thes symbol of trash TV. I think that it was really a seminal moment. - This trash TV condemnation was a real defining moment in the genre's history because it sort of opened up the floodgates. (audience cheering) - I think when you talk about Morton Downey, you talk about somebody who was in a class all by himself. - What an ugly audience! (concerning music) Or get the hell out of here! - He pretty much deliberately just rejected sort of civility and decorum. - I don't apologize for anything! - [Laura] In favor of a much more confrontational way of hosting a show. - She is not a slut. You are! - He incorporated the audience. He incorporated them as more of a lynch mob. (chuckles) (cheering) Morton tells you who the villain is-- - Dictionary says, "Paparazzi, "an annoying and pesky insect." - It's my job. - He insults them-- - Are you an annoying insect? - And the audience starts to slobber. - They are parasites! They're all parasites! - How do you not watch that? - Morton Downey Junior helped to feed this trash TV shift. - It's not just violence on television, it's trash in the eyes of many. - [Burt] Trash TV became the term. - Everybody-- - Like fake news. - Get ready for a righteous butt-whipping. - It made people watch them. (audience roars) - A person can only take so much. - Viewers want to watch because they can either relate to what they're going through-- - It's not my fault you lost your son. (cross-talking) - Or they can say, "Thank God I'm not going through this." - [Blonde Man] You're a lying piece of (beep)! (audience roars) - And there's kind of a discovery. Producers saw TV talk shows as an inexpensive genre to produce because you're not paying actors, and it's not scripted, you're not paying writers. That makes it easier to make a buck. - Stick with us, we'll be right back ladies and gentelman. - And in the early 1990s, there were a lot of people who wanted to get in on that action. And the safest approach is to imitate what has worked for others. - Is it possible that miracles-- - [Joshua] From Leeza Gibbons to Carnie Wilson. - [Laura] Here's where you get Ortise Berry, Maury Povich-- - Who finds this impossible to believe? Joan Rovers was there. (laughter) - Montel came around, and Jenny Jones. - And so you really had what producers characterized as the talk show boom. - At one point, I would say there were 15 to 20 talk shows on the air. - So the competition meant how are we gonna distinguish ourselves? And you're gonna look at what succeeded and try to do that in a way that has a little bit of a twist to it. - What it was like to be picked on, sometimes-- - What people tried to do was brand around the host. - Why do you hate? - So Montel was the ex-military guy, tough love. - I've asked this question over and over again, and none of you have answered it. (cheering) - We believe in justice here on the Richard Bay show. - We had fights with pies. You know, we had the wheel of torture, which was a way of expiating your anger against somebody else. - You got boys goin' crazy when you dress like this? - Jenny Jones did a lot of makeover shows, kind of the softer friend role. - [Jenny] So mom, what do you say? - [Selma] I love it! - [Jenny] Does it look cute? - When we come back, what is all this like from the parents' point of view? I was a news guy feeling my way into a talk show format, and therefore, I think more than anything else, my viewers liked the fact that I was a good storyteller. - Hey, everybody! - Ricki, I was just tryIng to experiment a little bit with can you take this format and turn it on its head and do it younger? - [Ricki] Tui, come on out. (cheering) - You know, Oprah, my daughter dresses too sexy for school, I don't think it's good for her. We would do it the other way around and say, "My mom thinks I dress too sexy for school, "but if I don't dress that way, I won't be popular." - We were looking to bring about that fresh point of view that young people bring, which we thought was important and real. - [Burt] Some were imitating Oprah, some were imitating Geraldo. - When we came out-- (cheering) Springer was supposed to be the next Phil Donahue. - Well, my passion in life has always been more political. For 10 years, I was in city council and then mayor of Cincinnati, and then the NBC affiliate in Cincinnati hired me to anchor their news, and I did that for 10 years. We have to listen. I didn't say we have to agree, but we have to listen. And that's what morphed into this talk show. Phil Donahue was getting ready to retire, so one day they took me to lunch, and said, "We're starting a new talk show, "you're gonna host it." - In my eyes, Jerry was the guy. He was so funny, light. He just had every attribute, to me, that made for a good talk show host. Even the look. Everything. (cheering) - My first day there, and I go up to see the show, and I see him standing off in the corner, and he looks like a banker. - A few years back, country music singer-- - He had his hair slicked back, he had these big, stupid glasses on like Larry King wears. He had on a bad suit. And I remember lookin' over there and saying, "That's not him." - To clear the record, you had not been drinking anything. - No. I was pregnant. - When I met him, he was this great guy telling jokes, and now all of a sudden he's standing there like in a coffin talking. - I was assigned to it. I had no particular interest in it, but I was an employee, and that was my job. First, Denise, tell us what happened with your scheme. - So I knew it wasn't gonna work right off the bat, because it wasn't him. - I can't relate. (laughter) - The early shows, there were topics like grandparents raising grandkids, my prom memories. Who's gonna watch this? - [Jerry] Caroline, what are we gonna see now? - Start with our first model, and our first model in some evening wear is Madelyn. - We weren't getting numbers. We were playing three o'clock in the morning. - [Stylist] Notice how the sleeves are just so nicely cut. (applause) - They said, "We are canceling the show in November." - We have a nice surprise for you today, okay? - "So just keep it on the air, "and we're gonna get something up and ready "to replace Jerry." Now we knew we were gonna be fired. So me and Jerry took a walk around the block, and the conversation we had was, "We're out of a job in November. "So if we're out of a job, let's go nuts." e) (pensive music) - If you just joined us, this is our first show, and, uh-- when the show first started, it was a normal talk show. Gimme some examples, I mean-- it was boring, but it was a normal talk show. This is exactly what the president of the United States had said on television. - Jerry's so smart. It was sort of too smart. - We started to realize that even though we're a daytime talk show, nobody was airing us in the daytime, because we were that bad. - Please stay with us. (crickets chirp) - [Richard] We knew we were gonna be fired. And we just decided we're gonna change our show. - We're 20 talk shows around at a time, everyone of us trying to appeal to the demographic which at that time was referred to as middle-aged housewives. - Our show is airing at two o'clock in the morning. Who's watching TV? College kids. - Telling other countries please don't-- and so we made the decision, as a business model, let's just try to go young. (upbeat jazzy music) (cheering) Today's show is on a fad that is basically sweeping the country among young people, body piercing. Not crazy, just young. - My boyfriend has his nipple pierced and his bellybutton pierced. - Oh, please. - It's (chuckles) sexy. - And that meant young people on stage, young people in the audience, young subject matter. I can tell you here, this hair is blue. (laughter) - I didn't want any experts. - I've been seeing somebody else. (audience boos) - Certainly didn't want any celebrities. - Go ahead, Glamorina, you take over. - I'm not what I seem to be. - What are you? Oh. (laughs) (laughter and cheering) - I told the producers, I want the show to be interesting with the sound off. In other words, I'm going through the channels, if I hit Sally, I'm gonna see an expert talking. If I hit Geraldo, I'm gonna see him being Geraldo, which is reason enough to change it immediately. You hit Jerry at any moment, at any time, you're gonna stop. (audience roars) - Wait a second! As you know young people are much wilder, and much more open about their lifestyles, and so the show every once in a while went crazy. - Expected to be fired. But then as the ratings started to go up, then we started to say, "Let's add nudity." (cheering) (lulling music) - What're you doing? - So we did, like, college girls tell their mother they're strippers. (cheering) We could go to hell. - What's that spell? - [Audience] Jerry! - [Richard] It just caught on so fast. - [Audience] Jerry, Jerry! - People took such a liking to this man-- - I want you! I want you! (cheering) - I used to always tell him that he was Uncle Jerry, that people liked having having him in their living room. - [Audience] Jerry, Jerry, Jerry! - They get that I'm not judgemental 'cause I know I'm not better than they are, and I think they get that. Do you wanna be with him? It doesn't look like it. - (beep) No! (cheering) - It was him being him, which he wasn't allowed to be in the beginning. - When we come back, questions from the audience! - That's when it started to take off. (cheering) - [Audience] Jerry, Jerry, Jerry! Jerry, Jerry! - I'm very lucky. I'm along for a ride of a very popular show. But I never fooled myself to believing, "Boy, I must be something special." 'Cause I know full well I have nothing to do with the show. - Stand by 45-- - 45 to the shot. - [Jerry] I don't produce it, I'm not responsible for how it's all put together-- - [Producer] Stand by font over 47. - The producers are the ones that work. - Light 'em up, let's go. - Every day we were putting on another show. - [Producer] Out cue viewers. - [Burt] And every day, we had to fill 42 minutes of television. - [Announcer] Jerry Springer, right over there! (cheering) - But the reality of sort of putting together the show itself-- - [Crew] Five, four-- - [Laura] And the sort of production process behind the scenes-- - [Crewman] Five seconds. - [Laura] It's not easy to do. - Two, one, and open! - [Ricki] We're saying bye bye to one of our-- - [Laura] Once producers had a sense of topic, the first step was that they would plug that topic on the air. - [Announcer] Is more than one woman claiming you're the father of her baby? - [Narrator] Are you involved in a love triangle-- - So if you remember when you used to watch talk shows, there would always be this line, "If you're having trouble with your siblings--" - Are your parents cheating on each other? - Do you know somebody who slept with the babysitter, and now wants to say they're sorry? - [Announcer] If you want to tell her there's no way you're getting my gay lover's sperm, call 1-800 GO RICKI. (phone rings) - And people would actually call in. (bustling music) (murmuring) (phone rings) - We would have generally about 1000 calls a day. (phone rings) - [Amy] We'd have interns taking down their numbers. Half of them would be fake. - You were flirting at your own wedding? - But half would be real. - [Operator] So you're having sex with your girlfriend's mother, is that correct? - They had to be good storytellers. If they had a great story but they were terrible talkers, we couldn't put 'em on. And then we would just say like, "Mary and Steve are definitely number one. "They're the best talkers, "the babysitter's willing to come!" That was like, "The babysitter's willing to come?" - So once a show is booked, it's kind of just the beginning really. (thoughtful music) Guests arrive, they go through hair and makeup. There'll be soundchecks. - And then the producer who was assigned to the show would go in the green room with them, and start briefing them, "Okay, let's go through your story." - I just want you here to see how great you are. - Not telling them what to say, but it's very important to talk the guest through it because they're not experts. - But use arms, you see how I'm using my arms? - So we would rehearse them. - They remind guests of why they're there. They remind guests of the injustice that's been done to them. - Why, why is he yours? - He's mine, bitch. - What do you love about him? - He loves me. - Producers tell the guests, "This is your show. "You're the star of the show." (producers cross-talk) Right, you've got a studio, a stage, you've got lights, you've got cameras. (applause) You've got a live audience. For guests, the television part of it begins to recede. - [Producer] Roll Z. - And the theater part of it begins to emerge. - [Producer] Stand by 45-- - Thank you! - I want you to take a good look at these men. - And we're back with calender men and the women who fantasize about them. - Today we're gonna meet people-- - Here is Erin. (cheering) - In most cases, they've never ever been on television, they've never been on a stage, never had to reveal their life to anybody else. And now all of a sudden, they're on a stage where the nation is watching. Take us through that day. Take us through the process of doing what most people is unthinkable. - People'd always say to me, "Why would people come on your show?" Well, take a guy, for instance. He gets bitched at by his wife. If he had a job, he gets bitched at by the job. Nobody's listening to him. He gets here, and we're listening to him. - [Geraldo] Did you and Jane fall out of love? - Yes, it was more difficult when the second baby came. - The best guests are those who pour out their stories. - We fell in love right away. - [Host] So, you love this person. - [Woman] I am totally in love with him. - [Host] Okay, your sister is over there biting her hand. - The more animated you are-- why did you bring him here? - We hate this rug he wears. - The better you're gonna be received by an audience and by a host. If you wanna leave it on like that-- (laughing) - If you're a good host, you listen. (guest murmurs) You smile but not laugh or guffaw. - Psychotic behavior of Jesus. - [Sally] Part of it is camera work, you look into the eye of the camera, you lean forward into it. - Eat his heart out. - Why do you make women call you daddy? I was the conductor. You know, I can bring up the oboes, and turn turn down the timpani. If one set of guests turned out to be a dud, I could always go the audience. Who can blow a bubble for me the quickest? And get something out of the audience. I got a bubble over here! - I always saw the studio audience as a prop. - What the hell? (audience shouting) - [Joshua] To model a response for the audience at home. - [Audience] Jerry! - And also to raise the energy level. - [Ricki] Didn't you also flatten her tires and bust out her window? - Yes, I did, yes. (audience screams) (frantic circus music) - Daytime talk was like the highest high and the lowest low because when a show worked, there was nothing better. I mean, it was like the adrenalin running-- - He belongs to me! - [Amy] The host is on fire. - Not even close. - The guests are fantastic-- - She's a pig. (audience roars) - The audience is loving it. - Call me after the show. (applause) - When everything came together on a show, it was like magic. - You need to get this relationship, 'cause this thing's a freak who'll leave you-- (roaring) - Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. I mean, that is like a gold mine, right? (cross-talking) - [Crew] And lose it. Jerry, ready music, ready title fly-- - Three, two-- - Ratings in television is really the air that you breathe. - [Crewman] Light 'em up, let's do it. - [Geraldo] If you don't have ratings, you don't have oxygen. - Hold on one. - Doesn't matter how slickly produced you are. People aren't watching, they're not watching. - [Hype Man] Will you welcome Sally Jessy Raphael? Right there! - I paid attention to ratings every single day to make sure that we were beating Jenny Jones, we were beating whatever show that might have been on the air. (applause) - There were so many talk shows, and there's a finite number of people who are gonna view these shows so they were basically cannibalizing each other's audiences. - In the 90s, there weren't that many outlets. You know, all the cable channels weren't there, so you had to get maybe five or six million people just to stay alive. - [Producer] Stand by 45-- - A lot of people say, "Look, we'll give you "the best show we know how to do, "and let the ratings fall where they may." No. We had to win! - All right, ladies and gentlemen, this is our main event. - In order to win, we had to beat the other guy. - And in the corner, Sally Jessy Raphael! (cheering) - And that's where, uh, the shows got louder. (simmering music) (audience roaring) - Everybody is sort of competing for the same audience, so you have to stand out from the pack. Well, somebody's already broken his nose, so we're gonna do something better. - Here they are, the club kids! - [Anchor] A pioneer in the genre concedes talk show competition is the fiercest he's ever seen. - Well, you breathe harder, you tap dance faster, you hire outrageously creative people. If I wanted to show what capitalism is to a communist, I'd show him this. (audience roars) - [Producer] Stand by font over 47. - We certainly tried to keep the quality good. - [Referee] And Sally the winner, we'll be right back! - We certainly tried to keep the dignity. It certainly slipped away from us every once and a while. (dramatic music) - Is this gonna hurt? When I got the fat removed to be injected into my forehead-- - [Joan] Oh! - I got to drop trow-- (screams) I was with Joan Rivers, personified plastic surgery at that time. - Then you take the fat out, and do you boil it, or you just put it-- - [Surgeon] When we inject, it should be very comfortable. - So it had a little of everything. (chuckles) - [Surgeon] Here you go. (Geraldo yelps) Got it. - Okay. - We did, um, many shows with women with large breasts. (cheering) - Look at you, you're out of proportion. Your boobs-- - Look at you! - You're out of proportion! - If you're in a race, you want to win. (cheering) - You wanna see more? You wanna see larger breasts? (cheering) - Morally, yes, that got challenging. - The guests on our program are going to be nude! (cheering) - Because of the intense competition for ratings, you began to see the turn to the more spectacular, raucous, carnival-esque. - Shows are exploitive, you should stop it. And the ratings are going up, and the companies are making money. - I'm not really a woman. - We did so many transsexual shows. (audience roars) - The 800 pound guy Denny, and he couldn't leave his house. - So we literally had to take down the side of the house. - Which was interesting. - When you hear that all the talk shows are going for sensationalism, then there's no alternative. - [Jerry] My guests today truly are unforgettable. - Eventually, there's no way around this, you're gonna put big busted women on. You're gonna do the Klan. (audience boos) 'Cause you know they rate, and you're gonna do them. - Go to hell. - That's right! (audience roars) - We certainly did our share of making a mistake here and there, maybe going too far. (cheering) We all did. - [Man] Not to be discussed-- - [Producer] Roll 47, track dissolve. - [Anchorwoman] By presenting sensational and sleazy material, talk shows have seen a ratings increase, but it has come with a price. - It was very, very stressful. Because the ratings were so high, you don't know who to please. - [Anchorwoman] Viewers flock to these freak shows to hear about deviant topics. (brooding music) - You're working, you're competing, and you've got yourself believing that what you're doing is okay. And I would say most of the time it was okay. - Bob, come on out and join us, would you? - Jenny Jones was known for ambushing guests. (cheering) And this particular ambush went awry. - Now which of these ways would you choose to reveal your secret crush on someone? - In 1995, Jenny Jones did what was pretty much a standard issue show topic at that point in TV talk shows, which was secret crush show. - A, would you write that person a letter? B, would you tell the person in private in case he rejects you? - She brought on a guy named Scott Amedure. - Or C, would you tell that person that you're gay and you hope he is on national television in front of millions-- (audience roars) - And he came on the show-- - He's got a cute little hard body. - And expressed, you know, kind of what he'd like to do to Jonathan and so on. - Tie him up in my hammock. - All in sort of, I don't know, by then, sort of traditional good fun. - Well, it entails, like, whipped cream and champagne. Stuff like that. (audience shouting) - She brought on Jonathan Schmitz. - John, come out here and see who has the crush on him. - Now when they told him that he was booked on the show, it could be a man or it could be a woman, but the guy was obviously expecting a woman to be his secret admirer. - [Jenny] Did you think Donna had the crush on you? - No, we're good friends. - [Jenny] Well, guess what, it's Scott that has the crush on you. - You liked to me. - And the straight man was expecting someone else. And afterwards, he said that he'd been so humiliated. - We'll show a little playback of what Scott said about you. - Well, it entails like whipped cream and champagne. Stuff like that. - [Laura] It ate away at him. - Two days later, Jonathan Schmitz went to Scott Amedure's house and shot him at close range and killed him. (siren wails) - [Reporter] Another salacious subject to titillate chat show junkies, but this time, it ended in disaster. - My first reaction was, "Oh my gosh, "that could have been any of us." It could have been any of our shows, it just happened to be them. - [Anchorwoman] Schmitz and his supporters claimed he'd been driven to the murderous act by an unscrupulous talk show staff which hid the fact it was a same sex attraction. (simmering music) - In some cases, they are taking people who are vulnerable and exploiting them for entertainment purposes. And it is a volatile thing to do, but that's what the genre was. - [Anchorman] Well, the victim's family believe the Jenny Jones show, including the host herself, bore some of the blame. - We all regret what happened, the fact is that this tragedy is about the actions of one individual. - Jenny Jones probably never met those guests until she walked out on stage, and nobody was trying to get anybody killed. - [Man] Simply to provide a forum-- - There was a civil suit in which the victim's family sued the Jenny Jones Show for their part in the murder. - You understand that relationship between pumping up ratings and demographics to increase income, isn't that true? - That's not what I think about when I'm taping the show. I do not think about ratings. - So a talk show was literally on trial, but the whole TV talk show industry could be on trial because what Jenny Jones was doing was what other shows were also doing. It led to a murder. (police siren wails) - The media started to say, "Have talk shows gone too far?" - Lot of talk tonight about a talk show and a huge verdict against the producers. It is raising questions about whether shows that exploit people's personal lives can be held responsible for the consequences, and in this case, that was a murder. (police siren wails) - The Jenny Jones murder was the turning point for a lot of shows. - [Achmorman] Schmitz say he fatally shot Scott Amedure after Schmitz was ambushed and humiliated on the daytime talk show. - The Jenny Jones case kind of pulled back the veil on these shows and the audience realized, "Oh, wait, these people are maybe being manipulated." - You lied to me. (laughter) - The show was a lighthearted show. No one seemed upset in that segment. - [Reporter] The civil trial now under way as the Amedure family sues the Jenny Jones Show for 50 million dollars. - Certainly what was raised at this trial were the ethics of producing this kind of television. - They claim that the talk show is responsible for Amedure's death because they created the scenario that led to the killing. - The show was found liable and fined 25 million dollars. It was later overturned, but still a lot of hosts vowed to sort of tone down. - We all backed off a little bit. We had to. - [Producer] Stand by 45-- - Everybody changed their show because they were terrified to do anything that would have something like the Jenny Jones murder happen. Not us. - Six. Ready Jerry, ready-- (cautious, pensive music) And ready. - One-- - Stand by here we go, and up on six, go! - [Audience] Jerry, Jerry! - Jerry Springer didn't have that same underbelly of deception. - [Director] Cue music when you cue applause, ready title fly. - And here is your former best friend Kim. - [Richard] We never surprised anybody or shocked anybody. - Your best friend is sleeping with your 15-year-old son? - Yeah. - Guests always knew somethin's comin' down the pike. - How'd that ever happen? - I don't know, but the wretched bitch is gonna get her ass kicked today. - But now it just got so over the top, it became almost a cultural cartoon. - [Friend] Slut! - [Mom] Bitch you be-- (audience roars) - Let's meet this, uh, this son of yours. (audience roars) - We never sat in a room and said, "Hey, let's do fights." It evolved. - You're a liar. - You're a bitch. - [Liar] Bitch! (audience roars) - But when it evolved, everybody was smart enough to know, "Okay, let's see how we can do this." - [Jerry] Are you aware that your fiance is sleeping with him? - I'm very aware. As a matter of fact, I was in the closet watching. (roaring audience) - Jerry Springer took the conflict version of TV talk shows and escalated it so far-- - [Audience] Jerry, Jerry! - I will (beep) you up, Andrea. - You wanna (beep) me up? (audience roars) - Humans are draw to watching raw aggression. (shouting) And then let's be an audience that unites around that aggression. (cheering) Right? Jerry, Jerry. - [Audience] Jerry, Jerry, Jerry! - We're all feeling superior and protected, and we're putting you up there. We can watch you destroy yourself. -[Guest] Bitch! (audience roars) - The Springer Show had fights every day. But people always used to ask me, "Is it fake?" You know, I've had two major back surgeries, a concussion, so those fights weren't fake. - We had seen people get in fights before on these shows, obviously, but Jerry Springer took it to the next level of a kind of cartoon violence. People watched it the way they watch wrestling. (cheering) - [Guest] Bitch! (roaring) - It's not your traditional talk show. And it's not exactly a sporting event. And it's not exactly theater. So it's a circus. - Hey, I got somethin' for your honeymoon, bitch. I got a good tape of me (beep) your lady. (screaming) (static hisses) - It just exploded. - Today's topic is "My father is evil, "and he wants to take over the world." (booing) - What? Scott, daddy's back. - [Interviewer] Jerry, good to see you again. - Nice seeing you. - Jerry, up until a year and a half ago, you were not a household name. - Suddenly, we were everywhere. - [Announcer] MTV is pleased to present Springer Break! - It seemed like every other week, we were doing skits for Jay Leno, or David Letterman. - Here's Jerry Springer. (applause) - The Jerry Springer show was everywhere in pop culture. - How'd it feel to learn your baby was fathered by a drooling space octopus? - It made me angry, Jerry. - You saw it on the X-Files, you saw it on Roseanne, and it stood in for "Here's something so crazy "that you'd only believe it "if it was a Jerry Springer Show episode." - The Springer Show became a phenomenon. - In 1998, It just became this incredible force. (cheering) And all of a sudden, we were beating Oprah. (ambient music) - [Reporter] Springer recently became the first talk show host ever to knock Oprah Winfrey off her throne as the queen of daytime talk. - Which, you know, caused TV to be outraged. - Oprah Winfrey told the Sunday Times of London that Springer's show is a, quote, vulgarity circus. - [Audience] Jerry! - Jerry Springer was like the pure, pure form of conflict-based talk shows, and it was clear to people that this version of the genre was now what viewers wanted to watch. - Now Oprah's saying she may quit her show because of you. - When Springer eclipsed Oprah in the ratings, that was a real defining moment that would change the genre yet again. - [Announcer] Jerry Springer, television that packs a punch on screen and in the ratings. - [Audience] Jerry, Jerry! - The first time we beat Oprah in the ratings, went into the office the next day, and everyone's screaming and yelling. Because it's a business, and it's a competitive business, so you feel like, wow, something really happened. - [Reporter] Jerry Springer, America's hottest day time talk show host. - And we were on the top of the ratings 57, 58 weeks in a row. - I think the Springer Show was so successful 'cause it was just pure craziness, you never know what somebody was gonna say, love triangles, fighting. (shouting) And most shows, let's face it, they think they're above that. Well, guess what? What you're too good for-- (roaring) Most people are tuning in and watching. - Are you in fact sleeping with Leo? - Yes, I am. (audience roars) - Now in order to compete, talk shows had to be bolder and brasher and more conflict-based. - What would you like to say to your mother? - I'm sorry! - To the point where it was cartoonish. - I told you! I told you! - Now we (beep)-- - At that time, Universal bought Maury Povich. - [Girl] Because I hate him. - Maury really understood the business. The audience that wanted this was there. - She's trembling right now because Yvonne is deathly afraid of balloons. (balloons pop) (shrieks) - But Maury, I think, took it to the next level. - [Maury] Oh, now don't go back there, that's worse! (shrieks) - When Maury Povich came along, it was really hard to find something new to do on these shows that was gonna surprise people, but he hit on exactly the right thing, and it was gold. - Should we find out right now? - [Audience] Yes. - Maury decided to do paternity tests! - Candice says it's yours. You say you don't think so. If you are the father, they applaud. If you're not the father, they explode. You are not the father. - Yeah! (audience roars) (bleep) Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! - [Amy] A lot of people did think some of the subjects were exploitive. (shouting) - [Woman] Get back! (sobs) - But we have to feed your audience. (crowd roars) The audience that wanted this was there. We gave them what they wanted. - I mean, if you saw a show today that said, "I married a horse--" (roaring) Would you watch it? I know I would. (shouting) - This is so sick, I don't even know how to deal with it. (dramatic, worrying music) The show was so crazy. It's perfect fodder for any critic. (applause) - Constant controversy over content has put talk shows under the microscope, and the most sensational programs under real attack. - In the late 90s, partly in response to the success of Jerry Springer, there was quite a bit of political backlash. - Former Republican education secretary William Bennett teamed up with Democratic senators Sam Nunn and Joseph Lieberman to send talk show hosts a message to get them to clean up their act. - Most of these shows are really aimed at using shock and social dysfunction, sexual dysfunction, perversion, immorality as a way to make money. - They called these talk shows cultural rot. - [Anchorwoman] Cultural rot. - Shows are disgusting, they're depraved, and they're obsessed with sex. - So vile, so vulgar. - They would make the claim that we are destroying America. - Divorce and separation rates-- - The erosion of our own society. - How can the Jerry Springer-- I mean, the Jerry Springer Show's gonna destroy America? - If you watch any TV show, there's tons of violence, there's tons of sex. So you ant to get on your horse about the Jerry Springer Show? - Isn't good for the country, this isn't good for the culture. - You know, people are comfortable as long as the people on television are upper middle class white, or famous, or good looking. Now all of a sudden, our show comes along, and they're seeing people they have never seen on television before. - The fact that people are screaming at each other, domestic abuse-- these shows are a part of the problem. - Television is a mirror. If you don't like what you're seeing, don't blame the mirror. - After a while, we became the poison even though we were the big show. Shows have said, "We are not gonna be the Springer Show." But I think Springer made such a mark in that genre, that when it was back to Phil Donahue, because they'd been watching this explosion every day, well, then people were now bored. So everybody started dropping. And I think talk didn't know where to go, and I don't think executives knew where to go. It was a confusing time, and I think it was basically becoming the end of talk show. - Jerry Springer, do you get the message? Are you ready to clean up your act? - Well, I think it's a little bit hypocritical for us to get speeches about morality, and ethics, and cleaning up the act out of Washington, DC. (shouting) - [Richard] We got torn apart in the press. - This kind of trash television has to go and will not be tolerated. - We got picked by TV Guide as the worst TV show ever. But there was a sense of we're still standing, and the shows are starting to drop. - Thanks for watching, everybody. We'll see you next time, bye bye. - And particularly after they started going really low brow, I just couldn't stand the ridicule anymore. - People wanted to see pulling hair and punchin', but other shows said, "We are not gonna be the Springer Show." - [Announcer] Sally Jessy Raphael! - Then like Sally went off after a while, right? She was done with the confrontational shows. - So then it became, "Oh, we gotta do this again." (shouting) Oh, what are we gonna do? How are we gonna make it better? (shouting) It just got old after a while. - [Audience] Jerry, Jerry! - This is like anything else. When something's on for a long time, it's not as special anymore. People get used to things. - Thank you for watching. See ya next time. - We went off the air because we had done every topic we wanted to do at least six times. - [Sergeant] Okay! - Everybody had seen bootcamp. - Push 'em! - Everybody had seen lying. Nothing was like "Oh my God" anymore. - [Producer] Five, four. (applause) - Talk didn't know where to go. - But one of the particular positive things that talk shows demonstrated was that you could make decent money from ordinary people's experiences being on screen. And you didn't have to pay actors to create entertainment. That made it possible for people to think about other ways to do that. (curious music) Let's do that by putting 10 different types of people in a house. - Just walk around. - This is where we live? - You know, let's send a bunch of people who hate each other on a road trip. (bleeping) (cross-talking) - Don't you fight! - Don't ruin it! - Don't ruin it! - Don't you fight! - So the spontaneous reality of the daytime show led to a kind of a blending of a scripted show and an unscripted show, became known as a reality show. - TV show producers basically took what was on set, and shifted it into people's homes. - You've disrespected me, you've disrespected me! - No. - Bring it, bitch. - But the same kind of stuff is going on. You know, you've got nudists. - The guests on our program are nude! - It felt awkward sitting next to a naked gay man. - You've got people fighting. (indecipherable shouting) - Look at some of these shows, they could be Jerry Springer episodes. (bleep) (crashing) They just have that layer of the host stripped away. - Leave her alone. - Get off me. - I can't take this. (curious tonal music) - Problem is, reality TV is not reality. - [Bachelor] Will you marry me? (chuckles) - Talk shows are. The people that come on our show are real. Okay, let's get started. Here is Carla. And they are bringing what is really happening in their life onto the stage. - Go ahead, keep talking, go. - It wasn't created for television, it existed before they ever got to the studio. What we call reality television is not real because you're taking people and putting them in a fake situation. You're putting them on an island, you're putting them in a house. - All of youse in this house, I want you all to know that I can't stand any of you! - With reality television, you see the importance placed on the concept of performance itself. - What is wrong with you? Stop it! I have never in my life yelled at a girl like this! - There's a value to that. It's sort of its own form of capital. - [Donald] New York City, it's the benchmark for success. Believe me, I know. - Among the primetime programs was Celebrity Apprentice. There was Donald Trump the impresario. Watch him as the ringmaster. - Welcome to your first boardroom. - He's performing being a strong person, he's performing being, you know, a business tycoon. - You see why Trump is Trump. - There's a real skill in playing yourself on television. You know, Donald Trump played a character of Donald Trump on the Apprentice, and that's how the world knows him. - We will make America great again. (cheering) - Now we have a commander in chief who's performing being a president. - No collusion, no obstruction. - With Donald Trump as the 45th president, every day is a reality show. - See any evidence of any wire-tapping. - So not only did we ruin talk shows-- - I do get good ratings, you have to admit that. (static hisses) We are also responsible for creating reality TV which then ruined television, and (stammers) then the country. (piano music) - We learned a lot from tabloid television. Of course people were exploited for entertainment value and ratings. However, looking back on it, you have to admit that there were good things that came out of it. There actually was value in disenfranchised people being put in our living room. - You saw all different races, all different lifestyles, all different sexual identity. - We saw gay people, transgender people. For the first time, in many cases. - [Laura] Jerry Springer gave trans folks a voice. - I've never felt like a male, I don't look like a male. - Was it a terribly dignified voice? No, of course not. But it was a voice. (pensive music) - People on the fringes of society learned that they were not alone. - These are all women. We are very special women, but we are women. We're not hurting anybody, we just ask for respect. - I think talk shows moved culture in some really interesting ways, because the strategy was to bring on people that were considered deviant, but one of the things that happened, I guess ironically, over time is that through constant talking about it and showing it, it becomes less deviant. - Familiarity sometimes breeds compassion. - I love her for who she is not what she is. (clapping) - And it moved the needle as far as tolerance. (cheering) (inspiring music) - Television started out as a personality medium, it remains a personality medium. You've got Wendy Williams, you've got Dr. Phil. - You have Ellen, you have gossip shows, the View, the Chew. - Six years! (shouting) Six years! - You guys-- - Hey, Jerry. - [Jerry] Hi. - The Springer Show still doing fine, they're still on the air. - This is some best friend you have. - [Burt] As well as Maury Povich. - Talk shows systematically opened up a space for ordinary people to participate on television. - It's disgusting. (laughter) - But that was only the beginning. - Hey, what's goin' on, SnapChat? - SnapChat does it now, Facebook does it now, YouTube does it now. - 'Cause this is personal, super personal. It's something I always kept a secret. - They're using their phones, they're using tablets, they're using all kinds of internet connections. - Everybody wants to have their voice heard. Everybody wants to tell their story. - We are social beings, human beings like to talk about what's going on in their lives. That will never change. - [Producer] And lose it. (pensive piano music) - Well, today's final thought is may you never be on my show. Take care of yourself and each other. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 