Cultureshock: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cultureshock 
 s1e2 - The Osbornes - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cultureshock (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Osbornes - full transcript 
 This documentary takes a look at the story behind the groundbreaking reality TV series that catapulted the Osborne family into the global spotlight. Ozzy, Sharon, Jack and Kelly talk about ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (hard rock music) - [Reporter] Ozzy Osbourne is the demented king of heavy metal rock. - [Jack] The global impression of my dad was this suicide-encouraging Satanist from the 80s. - Who's pissed on my (beep) carpet? That bastard (beep) dog, man! I oughta throw it in the (beep) pool. - Oh, no! (screaming) - Stop screaming! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (upbeat showbiz music) Please don't go out and get drunk or get stoned tonight. And if you have sex, wear a condom. - [News Man] The hottest show on television these days is on MTV. - The Osbournes. - The Osbournes. - The Osbournes. - [Reporter] This tattooed heavy metal rocker as a sitcom patriarch. - Well, it isn't exactly Father Knows Best. - Martha Stewart can lick my scrotum. - Sharon Osbourne, the mastermind behind not only Ozzy Osbourne's career, but this whole series. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - It was meant to be for three weeks, but it became three years. - You're a douchebag. - (beep) you, (beep) off, (beep) off! Reality TV hadn't been defined, but we were the first reality family sitcom. - It's like a sitcom, but it's their real life. The camera's in their home. - Here is this rock god that you'd think, "His life must be so different than mine." Guess what? It's not. - Turn the (beep) thing off, it's driving me mad! - Nobody knew it was going to start a whole new way of doing TV. (Kelly screaming) - There'd be no Kardashians if it wasn't for what we did. - [News Woman] You and your brother Jack must be about the most famous teenagers on the planet. - Jack and I were under so much scrutiny and so much pressure. - The Osbournes was really the first show to truly pull back the curtain on celebrity. Here was a real family going through their real problems on television. - When you're doing stuff in the public eye, it just magnifies things a lot. - [Kelly] My entire universe was just falling apart. - The problem with reality TV is what happens when it really gets real? (motor buzzes) - Yee-haw! - You can't be on that fun train too long, 'cause life isn't like that, things happen. - The show just got too much. - With the fame, with the money, with everything. If you had to do it all over again-- - I wouldn't do it. (pensive ambient music) (grand orchestrated music) - [Announcer] The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet, starring the entire Nelson family! Here's Ozzie. - You're a good dog. (curious music) - Before the Osbournes ever happened, MTV called and said, you know, "We want to do a Cribs." - [Cool Guy] What up, doc? - [Commercial Girl] You favorite stars are steppin' out of the spotlight and inviting you into their home. - People have always had a fascination with celebrity, and suddenly, here were celebrities opening their doors and letting the cameras in. - One of my big passions is collecting various Satanic heads. (chuckles) - Before Cribs, Ozzy was a little bit of a mystery. What is his persona? He's the prince of darkness. And then all of a sudden it was like, "What is Ozzy like when he's just at home, "when he's being a dad?" - Everyone expects us to be so weird, and so strange, and like, "Does your dad really sacrifice animals "before you eat dinner?" I thought I was so cool because I could go back and tell my friends that I was on MTV. - Heavy metal from this one, she's playing bleedin' N-Sync. - Shut up. - N-Sync! (hisses) - People just loved it, and it was the most requested Cribs. - Will you just get the (beep) out of my house? - I guess they thought like it was a kind of weird, funny family dynamic. - And then they came to us and said, "What else can we do with you?" - My dad's a weird guy. I remember MTV shot like a little casting tape. He's not one of those days where, you know, he'll take you fishing. He's a dad in his own kind of special way. - If my kids said, "Good afternoon, father. "How art thou today?" I'd think, "(beep) hell, what a boring life." - We had a few meetings with other people in the way. One person wanted to do a scripted show with us. None of us wanted to do that, didn't feel genuine. And I remember they wanted me to audition to play myself. And I was like, "(beep) that, I'm not doing that." We just continued speaking with MTV. - We just started spitballing. We started kind of just throwing around ideas, and then we kind of landed on, like, "Well, what if we did a Real World?" (smashing) - Find out what happens-- - (snickers) What? - [Heather] When people stop bein' polite-- - [Eric] And start getting real. - [Andre] The Real World. - They worded it exactly like that. "What id we did a Real World at your guy's house with you?" And we were all like, "Okay." Real World was still really popular at the time, so Kelly and I were like, "Yeah, I'll do it!" - Aimee is very reserved. When we had the meeting with MTV, she said no. At that time in her life, it wasn't right for her. - Aimee moved out, and then it just kind of started-- things started moving quickly. - Before we knew it, we were filming the Osbournes. - Come put it in the pantry. - [Jack] October 2001, when the moving trucks pulled up to the house, so did the camera trucks. - You know where I'll put my gun, Sharon? Under the bed. - [Sharon] Wherever you wanna put it. - I'll put it under the bed. - Dude, how is it my sister's underwear just gets mixed up in mine? You know, that's just wrong. It was awkward 'cause we didn't know what to do. I just would be sat here like this on my computer, and there's be two cameras, and that was it, and they would just film. (whacks) - Jack! - [Jack] Yeah? - Can you get this (beep)-- this television to work? - It was always my dad yelling for us, or the TV not working, or him not being able to figure out something very technical. - [TV] Deadly bombers to flatten German and Japanese war planes. - [Jack] And if nothing happened, they'd be like, "All right, we're gonna see what Kelly's doing." (shouting) (fire alarm beeps) - We had no idea what we were doing. We were living in a house with two crews of 30 on 12 hour shifts 24 hours a day. - Did anybody feed the dogs? - No! - On TV, you're used to seeing a polished version of everybody that is well lit and has perfect makeup, and we didn't give you any of that. - My thong-- - Your what? - Is so far up my crack right now, I couldn't even pull it out. - I'll cut it off. - No. - Let me cut it off, Kelly. In season one, it was all so genuine, 'cause none of us knew what we were doing. We were just doing it. And there was no bull (beep) with us, we we were what we were. - If it wasn't for me, she'd still be at a (beep) mall with her dumb friends. See, it was me who said, "Hey, Kelly--" when she used to hang out at the mall with her little stupid friends, I was like, "Kelly, come with me to St. Cloves "and we'll hang out." - Yes, Jack. - I really understand, but you gotta listen where I'm coming from. I love you all. I love you more than life itself. You're all (beep) mad. - Here. - This looks like somebody's puked on a plate. - [Jack] Dad! That's not very, like, dinner table talk. - [Kelly] You know what we're doing here, dad? We're eating so we shouldn't be talking in such vulgar language. - Typical meal. Nobody eats anything, everybody ends up arguing, and that's it. ♪ Always look on the bright ♪ Side of life (whistling) - Growing up was a lot of traveling. (sound testing) These are dad's buckets of water. (cheering) We'd be on the road a lot with my dad. - When someone asks me what it was like to grow up as an Osbourne, I never really know what to say. My dad is a huge rockstar. This is my dad's room. It's only now I realize how different my childhood and my upbringing was to absolutely everybody else's. - [Sharon] Ozzy was a rockstar, but we weren't. - Sharon is Ozzy's manager. - I was just his wife, the manager, and the kids. That was it. Yeah, it was crazy when we went on tour, but to us, it was just normal. (rock music) Everybody thought Ozzy was so wild, so outrageous. His persona was one of, like, "What is he gonna do? "Nobody knows." - Some guy threw a bat on stage, and I thought it was one of these rubber bats. I picked it up, and it was a real bat. - Well, it was 'til I bit the head off it, you know? - That was the public perception. He's this crazy guy. (smooching) Stop it! - It's just not that way at all. They don't know that Ozzy actually cries at soft movies. - What's the matter with you? It's a natural (beep)-- - Actually, he's very normal at home, he likes to exercise, he looks at his teenage kids like they're lunatics. - Stop fighting! - That's what everyone deals with to a degree. - Welcome to the Osbournes. (screams) - The first season, it was just fun. We loved having the crew there. And then it just came on, and on, and on. TV's not made that way anymore, where you just keep shooting hours, and hours, and hours of film, and then somebody just goes and puts it all together, finds the storyline somewhere, and they were there for months filming before anything came out. - [Narrator] Meet the perfect American family. - Jack, stop telling people you're Ozzy Osbourne's son to get into places, 'cause you're a (beep) loser. (yapping) - Oh! - Oh, you-- - I remember thinking, "(beep) why did we do this show? "It comes out on TV tomorrow. "They're gonna think we're crazy." - [Announcer] Don't miss the premiere of the Osbournes, the world's first reality sitcom. - We were walking down Venice beach, and my mom turned to me and my brother saying, "Do you think we've made a big mistake? "What've we done?" We were all very scared. - Doesn't he look handsome? Gorgeous. - Shut the (beep) up. ous! - Oh, that's really nice, dad. Th and one review came out. People thought w and an insane family. - Who's are these (beep) things? This (beep) will kill you faster than crack. - I was watching everything cringing like, "Oh no, why did they-- "No, don't!" - Fine! We had this whole thing where if it goes bad, we'll just move back to England, and no one'll ever know about it. But it-- it was insane. (hard rock music) - Well, the hottest show on cable right now is the Osbournes. - [Reporter] The Osbournes are a cultural phenomenon, and they're the most successful show in MTV's history. (orchestrated racing music) - God, I was stunned. I was absolutely stunned. Suddenly, all these invites come for all these events. We were never invited anywhere. Oh, 'cause Ozzy's the crazy guy. We don't want them. (cheering) - Washington power brokers, Hollywood stars, Ozzy Osbourne. (cheering) - Thing about Ozzy is he's made a lot of big hit recordings. Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath, Black Skies and Blood Bath in Paradise. (laughter) Ozzy, mom loves your stuff. (laughter) - [VJ] How do you like your new celebrity found life? - I don't that we're celebrities. We don't do anything. - Is it weird though when people see the episodes, and they come up to and they mention stuff that goes on in your house? - Yeah, it's kind of a blur. - "Oh, you're so great." Great at doing what? Hanging out at home? - Yeah. - When the Osbournes first premiered, people were tuning in to be like, "What? "What is this show?" - She booked me a (beep) gynecologist appointment. - (sighs) Beam me up, Scotty. - You feel like, "I should not be privy to this." - I will not have dope smoked in my house, it ain't gonna lead to anywhere but bad places. Look at me. - It was really a sign of the times that Ozzy Osbourne of all people had become the sort of new version of the TV dad. - As long as you're living in this house, you are not to do any drugs. - [Reporter] TV's all time favorite dad Bill Cosby is saying television's new favorite family has gone overboard. - Cosby did an interview and he was saying how disgusting we were, and how Ozzy shouldn't be seen as, like, you know, the new father of America, and this is disgraceful, and the way we live is outrageous. So I sent him a letter and I just said, "How can you say that about us "when look at what your life is?" For real. (pensive orchestrated music) If you don't like the show, don't watch it. All you have to do is press that button and change the channel. - When the Osbournes came along, America was just ready for a new kind of family. America had changed. This was the right family for this era. - I have this whole theory on the success of the show. After 9-11, America was in such a weird state, and then all of a sudden, they're turning on TV, and they're just kind of seeing a family which is by all accounts meant to be different doing the exact same thing they are. But I think there was this strange relatability in the American population to us. And whether they realized it or not, they were drawn to not the differences but the similarities in our dynamic as a family. - And the Emmy for outstanding non-fiction program reality goes to-- - The Osbournes. (cheering) - We've crossed over from being cool or the underdog to being accepted. - Me and my mom looked at each other like, "This is insane! "We just won an Emmy for being ourselves." Like, "What else can we do?" (chuckles) ♪ You say I should do it differently ♪ ♪ I don't necessarily agree - The prince of beepin' darkness and his family make their return to the small screen Tuesday. Rock on! Woo! That's when MTV kicks off the second season of its surreality show the Osbournes. - [Host] Is music something you always wanted to do, or-- - I'm a big music lover, I mean, music has always been my passion, but I wouldn't be doing any of this if it wasn't for the TV show and my dad. When I was really young, I never really thought about being a movie star, or a singer, or anything like that. I'm just going to rehearsal. Before I knew it, my path was kind of chosen for me in a sense. - As a result of the show, we kind of got put into this category of Hollywood folk. - [Director] Action. - (beep) you! - [Director] Great, that's lunch and that's a wrap on Jack! - But they were like actors, and singers, and musicians. I was like, "I get filmed at home." Like, "Uh, okay." Like, "If I'm cool to be in this crowd." You live in LA? - Yeah. (crew murmurs) - It was always kind of strange to me, I always felt like an outsider, but I was just going along for the ride. (grand old Hollywood music) - The MTV Movie Awards was the first time I'd ever performed in front of anybody. I was terrified. (rock music) - [Sharon] She ran down those stairs, and you saw all the people in the audience screaming for her. - Come on, you guys, get the (beep) up! - [Sharon] It was like, "Oh my God, that kid's got guts." ♪ Going to be upset ♪ 'Cause I was always a little girl ♪ - Then I think I got addicted to that fear of overcoming something and trying new things. - That's my baby! (cheering) It was just one of those great times that you'll always remember. It was amazing. (cheering) - What I've learned about my family is that things are either absolutely incredibly amazing and so fun you can barely even contain yourself, or they are absolutely (beep) miserable. There is no in between. - I can't quite believe it, 'cause it's all happened so quick. Just a few months, our whole lives have turned upside down. We were on a plane going to New York, and I said, "Life is too good right now." I can't believe that everything is so good. I'm always like one of these people, like, I know, typical Jewish mother. Something's going to happen, it can't be this good, you know? Something's gonna happen 'cause it's all too good. And it did. (blaring rock music) (cheering) Our lives have always been extreme. Great things and bad things down here. There's never been a middle where we just drift in the middle, it's always this or this. - The first season was a reality show about a rockstar and his funny family, season two took a very, very different turn. - It was supposed to be this light-hearted show, and all of a sudden, you have TV's favorite matriarch fighting a battle with cancer. - It's the worst thing that can ever happen. - Ozzy was terrified, and the kids were obviously terrified. - The day I found out my mom had cancer, I'd just decided to record my first album. All of a sudden, I didn't care about the show, I didn't care about being famous, I was just scared that my mom was gonna die. - [Jess] Not only does Sharon have cancer, but Ozzy starts drinking again. - 12 step program somehow doesn't work for Ozzy. - Imagine having cameras following you night and day when your family is falling apart. That was the real reality of the Osbourne family. - Yeah, Ozzy's bunker. - That was me, 'cause I wanted to see what he was getting up to all day in his bloody bunker. Hi, darling. - Someone has been in my room and taken my beers away from my room. - [Sharon] Who's the beer thief? You. You're the beer thief. (mumbles) - Looking back at it, it was such a tornado. I remember saying, "What are you gonna do about the show?" She's like, "Well, we're gonna film it. "People need to see what, you know, "what this looks like." - [Sharon] We're doing our own version of ER." - [Doctor] So this is your first, first, first, right? - Just like a virgin. Be gentle, Gabriel. - I'm gonna be very gentle. - I had the cameras come into the hospital every time I had chemo, and a lot of it wasn't used 'cause I think it was so depressing. It was, um, a whole different atmosphere, a whole different vibe in our house. After I was diagnosed, it was, you know, suddenly it goes boom. - I don't want dogs on the bed, Sharon, 'cause they carry bugs (mumbles). (stammers) Believe me, you do not want to get an infection at this time, Sharon. You do not want to get any bugs, Sharon. (kissing) Please take care, baby. Oh see, I gotta go, Sharon. (cheering) (mumbles) to my wife Sharon! She's doing (beep) great, man! - Being 16 at the time, it was, I think, hard to wrap my head around. And I got a tattoo that said mom in a heart. I remember feeling like I didn't want the crew around, and I wanted it stop. Why the (beep) are you guys so interested in me cooking lately? It's all the (beep) guys ever film. I remember thinking like, "No, this doesn't feel right." - You're a douchebag. - [Jack] Yeah, that's right, Kelly. - I always stick up for you. - (beep) You, (beep) you! (beep) Off, (beep) off, (beep)-- Kelly and I weren't getting on that well. (beep) Leave my room. Bye. She was disapproving of what I was doing. - You do not care about me. - And I was disapproving of what she was doing, and there wasn't much connection with us at that point. You're so (beep) high strung all the (beep) damn time. (cross-talking) Look, look, hit me! - [Kelly] No! - Hit me, come on! (beep) - Uh-uh, uh-uh, guys-- - Come on, come on. - Hit me harder. - No! - [Sharon] I was always their anchor, and I think the fear of me not being there put so much on them. Go to work! Go to work! - My brother and I were stepping into dangerous territory. We both started experimenting with drugs. We both knew that it was wrong. I didn't wanna tell on him, he didn't wanna tell on me, and we didn't want each other to know, so it separated us. (laughter) - I hated the cameras following us in season two. It made me feel very vulnerable. I got way more insecure. I didn't love doing things anymore because of the baggage that came along with the camera crew following me everywhere I went. Nowhere where you are. Ha, ha ha ha ha ha. So I would just sneak out and do whatever I wanted. - We were seeing a family under the microscope dealing with their problems but what you didn't see were all the cameras around them. - [Camera Operator] No less than fourteen women at the table please. - The Show opened up a lot of doors and a lot of doors to a lot of bars. There was a lot they couldn't show on the show. I mean, there literally would be times where I'd be smoking pot and doing shots and the camera would be literally right there and they can't air that. So they would cut around that and just film us acting crazy and partying. - The kids were wild at that point and I was out of it half the time and, you know, it was tough on us all. - America's favorite reality TV show is going through some tough times. - There's of course a serious question as to whether the show can go on. - Ohhh, honey, thank you. Thank you so much. Who knew that in the next series it was gonna be like ER because I'm at the hospital every day. You can't be on that fun train too long because life isn't like that, things happen. - How long do you think The Osbournes can last? - Not long. If we hadn't been doing this show I think it would have been easier on us all. - Jack, Jack. - [Jack] Kelly was recording an album in New York and Mum was still really sick with cancer. - Osbournes, meet the Osbournes have a yabba dabba dwoooerr. - Dad was just totally checked out. - Ahh, (beep) off. - Ozzy was never sober through the whole thing, I mean he was out of it the whole time. Whole time. (computer game gun shots) - I can remember feeling really alone. I really shut down at that point. Started messing around with Vicodin and Xanax and Valium and then eventually ah, I had a healthy Oxycontin habit. I just came home one day and was like alright, I need to, I need help. We weren't filming actually when I went in to treatment. - We weren't gonna be like, Oh Jack's gone to rehab, let's bring the cameras back. They just weren't there to pick that up. - [Sharon] He went in and it was very, very hard for him. - When I look at it now, it freaks me out, like Jack and I were under so much scrutiny and so much pressure. I had no idea the show was going to turn me into one of the most famous teenagers in the world. I honestly have no idea how I got through filming that show in my teens and going through every awkward phase you can imagine going through as a girl. I'd open up magazines and be like, the fat daughter of Ozzy Osbourne. The one thing I took the most heat for was being fat and I was never fat, I was just chubby. - Calling kids gross, fat, who does that? We were basically being cyber-bullied before that was actually a thing. ♪ And I said hey- - And I just thank God, I never would have made it out alive if social media was around when we filmed this show. - [Photographer] Yeah, perfect. - It's very uncomfortable. - I know. - I'm going to (beep) kill myself. - Kelly's like a butterfly, she's in, it's fantastic, I love it, and successful and boom. - I'm sick of it, I want a (beep) break. You haven't been there for all of it, Mum. - [Sharon] When do you want the break, Kell? Now, you want it this week? - I was so used to my life with the cameras that it didn't even occur to me that they were even there. Cut to six months later when that was on TV I felt like such a dumb ass. - Ozzy, she's sad, go give her a hug. - Kelly? - [Kelly] I hate this, I hate this! I hate this! I (beep) hate this! - [Ozzy] Wobbler. Don't ask me to do that again, I just got bollocked to death. - You got bollocked? She's so dramatic, I love her so much. - In so many ways the show brought my family closer together because we were the only ones who knew what we were going through. No one at that time you could call up and say, God, it's getting really stressful having these cameras around. - I went to the doctor today. My blood work is completely clear of cancer and I finish my treatment in January. (cheering) - [Ozzy] Yea, (beep)! - I still have people coming up to me and saying it was because of Mum going through what she went through on the show that they went to the doctor and they wouldn't be here if it wasn't for her and that just goes to show how strong my Mum is. It was like the world had been lifted off my shoulders for a second and that everything was going to be okay. - Probably about five minutes 'til we actually won. - Dad, are you nervous? - Nervous? - Yeah. - Are you? - Yeeaaah. - [Sharon] Ozzy and Kelly were in England promoting their record that they had out together. - Father and daughter Ozzy and Kelly Osbourne with their forthcoming single, Changes. - It was a Black Sabbath song, and they changed the lyrics around and it just worked beautifully for a father and daughter. ♪ I'm feel unhappy, ♪ I am so sad ♪ I lost the best friend ♪ that I ever had ♪ She's my baby (applause) ♪ I love her so ♪ But it's too late now ♪ I've let her go ♪ We're going through changes - I remember we had a lot of fun that day in the studio and I never really thought it would be a big deal, I just thought it was going to be a song on the album and something special I got to do with my dad. We released it and it ended up being number one everywhere but America 'cause we never got 'round to really promoting it. - Lovely day today. - [Kelly] And for so long I blamed myself for what happened. - I'm just going to wrap around the field. - Because if we didn't do the song together he wouldn't have been in England. It was really horrible. (motor running and revving) - Ozzy! (motor revving) - Yee-haw! (motor running) - Oz, Oz, someone get back and get an ambulance. Get an ambulance! - Big changes, You've been through the most phenomenal changes any teenager- - It's crazy. - [Richard] It's mad, isn't it? - Yeah. I was live on a TV show in England promoting the single, a policeman came in, I got waved to move off of set and I thought (beep) what have I done, I'm getting arrested for something I'd done while I was here. They put me on the phone to my mum and she asked me if I was sitting down. What's wrong? She told me that my Dad got in an ATV accident and it really didn't look good. (sirens wailing) - The unimaginable, the wild man of heavy metal, Ozzy Osbourne is on life support. - [News Reporter] Osbourne fractured eight ribs, cracked a vertebrae in his neck and broke his collarbone. He underwent emergency surgery. - [Sharon] I just ran to the airport and it was torturous because he was in surgery while I was on the plane. When I got to the hospital he was in a coma. Tubes coming out of everywhere. - I really didn't think that there was any way he'd come out of this and I didn't know what I'd do without him. - I didn't know any of this, everyone went to England. I was in LA by myself and they didn't tell me how bad it was. I was newly sober, focusing on recovery. They didn't want to jeopardize any of that at the time. - The surgery went well but he was in coma for 14 days. - [News Reporter] He remains in the intensive care unit here as doctors monitor his progress. - Like I say, life is great and you bob along and everything's cool and then boom. I just couldn't believe it, I'm like, what next? What could possibly happen now? - (beep) I'm going to throw up. (wretching) After my Dad got in his accident my entire universe was just falling apart. - Are you alright, Kelly? - You're not dead. I couldn't function without numbing and the only way I knew how to do that was by taking pills. - Kelly, I gotta come and ask you a question How much did you have to drink last night? - A glass of champagne. - You didn't take the, nobody gave you any pills or anything like that? - No. I was a severe opioid addict. - You know why she's itching her face so badly? When you take a lot of opiates, you itch. - I must have been in Lala Land. I was in total denial, total denial. Honestly Jack, it's not drugs. Do you know how we found out about Kelly? A pap had caught her buying drugs and they sent us the picture and I showed it to Kelly and she said, no, I was buying jewelry not drugs, right. And then she admitted that it was, you know, a drug deal. And that day we said, you're going into rehab. - [Larry King] We welcome to Larry King Live, here in Los Angeles, Ozzy Osbourne, the rock singer turned reality star, and Sharon Osbourne, his wife and manager of more than 20 years. - What happens on the show starts to become news itself. They're now on live TV, airing the family secrets. - What happened today, Sharon? - This morning, we woke up and an English tabloid had phoned through to our publicist, to say- - [Kelly] I was sat in the check in of rehab watching my parents on Larry King Live so the world knew I was in there before I did. - she admitted it after a lot of twisting, she admitted it. - [Larry King] That she was a drug user? - Yes. - For every good thing that's happened to the Osbournes there's been an equal share of bad things, and like, Sharon had cancer, I came off the bike, my son went into rehab with drugs, now my daughter's gone into rehab with drugs. - What are you going to do when you come out? How are you not going to go back to what you were doing? It's amazing that you can get Jack who gets it first time. - You doing alright though, you doing what they are saying? - He's found that serenity by leading a clean and sober life. - She's home - [Jack] You doing alright? - Yeah I'm just over being in rehab. - It's just been terribly hard on Kelly. - The Brady kids never went to rehab, Mrs Cleaver never had cancer. This incredibly quirky, funny, sitcom had really become almost a tragedy. - After having cameras in your face for every single thing that goes on for better and for worse it just kinda felt like they were done and all of a sudden, the producers felt compelled to plan storylines, to plan situations to get them into so they could be their most Osbourney selves. - Yeah, here hold on. - They were like, Jack, Ozzy, you guys haven't done anything together in a while, you guys wanna go on a fishing trip? Yeah, sure. And whatever happened, happened. - Here we go! (splashing) (laughter) - What have you got, Jack? - I don't know yet but it's big. - It was like, hey we haven't filmed you guys on a family vacation, go on a family vacation, we'll pay for it. Okay, we're going on a family vacation. - When The Osbournes was at it's best, it was very real but it just started to feel like they were creating a show instead of a show documenting them. - We haven't had any accidents yet. - There was something so inauthentic, something so unreal, and in many ways that's the kiss of death for a reality show. ♪ We're going shopping with The Osbournes ♪ ♪ Spend a fortune with The Osbournes. ♪ - Things got so outrageous on the show that audiences started assuming that a lot of this was scripted and accusing the Osbournes of making it up. - So what we ended up doing was kind of throwing like a wrench in the works where we were like, well let's script an episode. The concept was I started sleepwalking and I accidentally killed my Mum's favorite dog. Whoa. I had to smuggle the body out of the house and make it seem like she ran away. I remember filming that too, we had to time it, because I ran out into the street with Minnie's body and there was tour buses that kept coming by and we had to make sure the coast was clear, it was funny. - [Jack] Dad. - Yeah. - [Jack] I killed Minnie. - Minnie's dead. - Ozzy, you're winding me up. - I'm not, I wish I was (beep) winding you up, Sharon Minnie's gone, she's gone, Boo. - [Sharon] Minnie! - There's only so much that you can do with the show, The Osbournes had shown us so much that there really wasn't many other places they could go. - When you see the same thing over and over again it gets less exciting. And maybe to a certain extent people wanted us to be more crazy, and more out there. Like, chasing a high that we couldn't keep up with and even we weren't that nuts. -[Jack] Everyone felt like it'd run its course and we didn't want to get canceled. - [Director] And cut. - All good things must come to an end. - It's all over? - It's all over. - I don't have to say the F-word anymore? - [Director] Not again. - Yaaaaay! (applause) And you can take your dog (beep) with you. - [Dr. Phil] This is it right?? - Yeah. - You're gonna shut the cameras off, send ever It was an amazing ride we had for three years. All of us. But it was time for us to stop. - What's been the greatest thing about doing this TV show? - I've always said this, that it's the greatest thing for us as a family to look back on so that my kids can give it to their kids to pass down. - I can not wait until my kids are teenagers - [Kelly] I hope someone beats you up. - You know what Kelly, I hope your album fails. - Oh, shut up, Jack. - She just hoped I got beaten up, alright. Every kid goes you don't know what it's like or you don't understand, and it's like well, sit down and watch this. I absolutely get it, and I was probably doing worse (beep) than you are. - I have an incredible home movie to look back on my life. Jack's life is not a (beep) 24 hour (beep). And to see every thing, all the good times, all the bad times and the one thing it really has taught me is love will heal anything. - It's your Mama. - [Kelly] Anything. - [Kelly] Mommy. - Nobody knew, the guys at MTV, we didn't, nobody knew that it was going to start a whole new way of doing you know, TV. - Gene Simmons' family started Family Jewels and there was Run's House, Anna-Nicole Smith, - All of a sudden, Sugar Pie, she just farted right there. (fart noise) - Before The Osbournes, no celebrity would have signed on to do a reality show, and then all of a sudden Ozzy did it, and his career has taken off in a way that it never would have without the show so then we start to see other celebrities signing on, it's like, you know what? I'm going to do that too. ♪ And don't hesi- - Other celebrities instantly went okay, we've got a family, we've got a dog, we'll get the dog to (beep) and then we can have a show too. - Is this chicken what I have or is this fish? I know it's tuna, but it says chicken.. by the sea. - The Osbournes had invented this new genre. It was the reality sitcom. - I swear to God - Stop, what are you doing? - Don't be (beep) with my things, I'll (beep) hurt you. - There would be no Kardashians if it wasn't for what we did, I don't know whether people love or hate us for that. - Even as successful as The Kardashians have been for the last ten years, they are still held to our standard. No matter how successful those shows are, we were still the first to do it. - Rock and roll! Rock and roll. (high pitched voice) - The show opened the doors for all of us to go on and do other things. Yes, yes, yes. (screaming) - Oh (beep), argh! There are lots of celebrity children in Los Angeles, not many of them have had careers like Kelly and I. - It was the first time I've ever seen her on a red carpet where she's worn a dress that she owns. - And I think that that's a direct result of The Osbournes. - Yoooooo. - The last two years I've been working on a show with my Dad called Ozzy & Jack's World Detour. This is awesome. - And I say to Ozzy, we're kind of on the last chapter now and it's like, alright, what's gonna happen next? - Everything is in harmony, Kelly and Ozzy are good, and Jack's all settled with his own family. - God, I pray on everything that is holy I never have a daughter. I love having daughters. They like to dress up like princesses and do fun things and it's just fun. I don't know, I love it. And as far as being a grandfather, my Dad, he's really engaged with my daughters, he loves them, he plays, you know, he won't change a diaper or you know. - Dad, I hate Jack. - What the (beep) do you want me to do, Kelly? - The Osbournes are still this tremendous cultural touchstone. It changed all of television in a major way, In a way that we still feel today. - I think as far as TV sitcom families go if you put it up against The Brady Bunch, The Waltons, the whatever, we're the evolution of that. - It was just so open, ridiculously open and not trying to hide any of the ah, (beep) that people usually try and hide and try and come up with a persona that's not real. We were what we were. - We haven't changed. We've grown up, we've matured, we have a better understanding of life, but the core of who we really are has not changed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 