Cultureshock: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cultureshock 
 s1e5 - Chris Rock's "Bring the Pain" - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cultureshock (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Chris Rock's "Bring the Pain" - full transcript 
 Comedian and Emmy Award® winner W. Kamau Bell ("United Shades of America") steps behind the camera to direct this film about how Chris Rock changed the face of comedy with his seminal 1996 ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - I don't know, here's a weird story that happened on, on the road. On the road, I'm in the, uh, I forget where I'm at, I think I'm in Atlanta doing some gigs. And I bump into Andrew Dice Clay at the underwear department at Macy's. Andrew Dice Clay goes, "Whatcha doin?" I go "eh, I'm working on this HBO special" and he goes, "hey, you don't seem excited." "Eh, a special, you know, you've done a couple." And he's like "do you understand how big a s-, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 HBO special is? Do you understand what can happen from an HBO special if you do it right?" He says, "This is what I want you to do. I want you to go home, when this gig is over, I want you to sit down and watch Rocky. And if you sit down and watch Rocky, you'll remember why you got into this in the first place. It'll all come back to you. I went home, I watched Rocky, and it all came back to me. It's like, "oh, anything can happen." - Just that right there is big. That shhhhh. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Everybody wanted that. - Anything can happen. (audience cheering) You can be huge. Or this could be the last time I'm on television. This might be it. - I don't know how I came to know about Bring the Pain. I just know that during the course of the day to day of doing the Oprah Show somebody says, "Have you seen Bring the Pain? Did you see this HBO thing?" And of course I hadn't, and somebody got me a copy and I think I remember sitting alone watching it and laughing my head off and cringing many times and feeling like this guy, Chris Rock, there's something to him that I've never seen before. - Whenever Colin Powell on the news, white people always give him the same compliment. He speaks so well. (laughing) He's a (beep) educated man. How the (beep) do you expect him to sound, you dirty (beep). What are you talkin' about? - You can still watch Bring the Pain today, and it still probes and asks questions of the world we live in right now. - I be pres-o-dent! - In the 90s, comedians are dealing with straight out jokes that are funny, but they do little to prod the underside of the society. On the heels of that comes Chris Rock, who's doing something entirely different. - Now we got the war of drugs. (beep). War of drugs is (beep). Just a way to get more (beep) in jail. That's all it is. (audience applauding) - Chris' comic timing and his cultural timing coincided with a moment of cultural reckoning in our society. He took a calculated risk that he could bring an integrated television audience to a special about blackness, taped in front of a black audience, and that everyone from their own perspective would get something from it. - Bring the Pain does not make you wanna become a comedian, because you're like "I could never do that." Uh, I mean if you're not completely delusional. - When a new inmate comes in and he wants some drugs, how do you initiate him? The guy goes, "Well the first thing I do is make him toss my salad." (audience laughing) - He gets up close to the line or on the line or just past the line that most people won't do, and challenges you to come along. - Havin' your salad tossed means having your (beep) eaten out, with jelly or syrup. I prefer syrup. - Let me see if I can get you to do it. Can I get you to laugh at this? Are you gonna laugh at this? It's like the bad kid, who knows you shouldn't be goin' outside. Who's gonna try to tempt you to go outside. You gonna do it? Then once you get out there he don't know what to do, he just wanted to see if you'd do it. - Tired of this (beep). Man, your kids can't (beep) play nowhere. Every year the space gets smaller. Okay, you can go from that corner to that corner. Oh, you go from that gate to that gate. By the time (beep) is ten he's just hoppin' in a circle like. (audience laughing) - The funny actually is just a backdrop to some of the smartest social commentary that you will ever hear in your life. (audience applauding) - Lotta racial (beep) this year. Lotta racial (beep). What was the big thing? OJ. OJ was big. That's right. Black people too happy, white people too mad. (audience laughing) - OJ was the year before, and so just the raw nature of it. We had complete polarization among blacks and whites. - Oh my word. I knew it, I knew it. - I mean it was just the biggest thing goin' on at the time. It, I mean it's twenty years later, it's still the biggest thing going on. - That's the kind of joke that no one else was gonna do that way because it's dangerous. - I ain't seen white people that mad since they canceled MASH. (laughing) Black people way too happy, like, yeah! We won! We won! Yeah! We won! What the (beep) did we win? Every day I look in the mailbox for my OJ prize, nothing. Hey, ooh, it's all about race. That (beep) wasn't about race, that (beep) was about fame. 'Cause if OJ wasn't famous he'd be in jail right now. If OJ drove a bus... (audience applauding) - When you watch Chris, he prowls the stage like a lion tamer. He goes one way to set it up, it's like he whips the crowd into shape when he comes back. - If OJ drove a bus, he wouldn't even be OJ, he'd be Orenthal the bus drivin' murderer. - Orenthal the bus driving murderer. You got that right. (audience applauding) - Throughout Bring the Pain, there's maybe three or four moments where the crowd go (gasps). He says something that's like, where is this about to go? And he likes that. - So let's break down the case what happened. What's the guy, Ron Goldman? That was her boyfriend, okay. Don't, don't be mistaken. Second of all, he was known to drive around town in this Ferrari that OJ bought for her. Think about that (beep). I buy you a car, you're gonna let another man drive around in my car? Are you out of your (beep) mind? (audience laughing, applauding) I don't even have a Ferrari, but if I saw somebody driving my Pinto (audience laughing) that (beep) would blow up like the Godfather. And I'm not saying he should have killed her, but I understand. (audience laughing) - That's (chuckling) that's, that's technically over the line. - Like that's like, yikes. - The most controversial thing, case ever and, you know, and, involving race and to make a room full of people howl at it, that's hard to do. - Are you really laughing with him because it's funny? Are you laughing because it's uncomfortable? All that stuff is mixed up in here. - If he, Chris Rock did that right now in this era, ah, they'd hang him. - I laughed at the time, but damn man that's, that's somebody's family. To say that you understand? Whew. Ouch. Yeah. - That's what I love in watching that joke. You're taking an OJ joke and you're making it a relationship joke. Because as an OJ joke, few people can relate. As a relationship joke, everyone knows a love that is scorned. - You know, any time you can play the middle of something so hideous (chuckles) as a double murder, and walk the line, great. Great, you know, it's too easy, it's too easy to go "he's innocent" which is like I've saw those routines, and it's too easy to go, you know, "he's a monster." The real funny is in that middle, um, otherwise it's just preaching. - was a very nerdy ghetto kid. I was like a ghetto nerd. I just loved comedians. I loved Bill Cosby, I loved Eddie Murphy. I grew up on a funny block in Brooklyn. Everybody on my block was funny, and it was important to be funny. It was important to be funny when we got outside and started rankin' on each other. - Crack head go by. Da-da-da-da, you big smokin', da-, dirty shoe wearin' but, drug dealer. Parents, kids, uncles, aunts, neighbors, anybody gets it. Crissy said one time, "Your mother looks like a boiled yam, with a belt around it," 'cause she was brown and fat and had a big black leather belt around her waist. My brother told me, to this day I remember this, the key to comedy, if you could say this (beep) looks like, and the thing is so abstract but he actually looks like it, laughter every time. When you was a kid you'd take apart a radio, he takes apart jokes. - I thought I was gonna be a comedy writer. I didn't see how that path was gonna happen 'cause I didn't know any writers. But I guess my ignorance worked out for me. First time I was on stage was February 11th, '85. Eddie Murphy tickets went on sale at Radio City Music Hall. I get to Radio City Music Hall I thought, oh I'm gonna get there early. There's a line four city blocks long by then. While I'm on line I'm reading the paper. I see an ad for comedy clubs, and I guess the spirit hit me, I walked over to Catch. There must have been thirty, forty wanna be comedians outside. We had to wait till seven o'clock at night to pick a number. and if you were one of seven, you got to try out like five minutes or four minutes that night. I was lucky number seven. Cut to, I passed audition that night. From that moment on I just came every night. - We really studied under each other for like the first three years of comedy, 'cause we both lived in Brooklyn, so if he had his mother's car he would drive me home, or if I had my mother's car I'd drive him home and then, and then we'd write together all night, and we were both obsessed with writing comedy, you know, trying to write new jokes. We sat there how many nights at the diners philosophizing about comedy. - I don't know if you can, you can show, like, sp-, splice in the old footage. - People don't seem to realize, none of these people are black by the way. Lionel Richie's like beige. - Starting out, he wasn't that good. He was just another black comic going on stage. There was nothing special about him. - He just had a bunch of really good jokes. - In that culture, it was all about the written. It was all about, can you write a really good joke? There's only two groups of people from my neighborhood with money, drug dealers and people that got hit by cars and sued. - He was a little bit of a follower. He didn't have the stage presence that we know of now. - But remember he, remember he would just stand there and like hold his face and, like, 'cause he was trying to figure it out. - He used to do this thing after every laugh. He would do this. And I used to joke. Why is he so excited that a joke got a laugh. That's how green he was. That's how young he was, you know. - My white friends, they invited me to a 50s party. I didn't wanna go. Like what black person in their right mind wanna relive the 50s? (audience laughing) - In its initial stages it wasn't as impactful as it is now but you could see that it was, it was building. Well when he gets SNL, we think, okay, it's on and poppin'. Here we go. - I mean I was literally, I was in the X-Men school. Phil Hartman and Mike Myers, Conan O'Brien was a writer there, Dana Carvey was amazing and Jan Hooks. It's the best thing that ever happened to me. I had no money. I lived in Bed Stuy with my parents, and now somebody paid me a hundred grand a year to be on a sketch show. Are you kidding me! - So Chris showed up like a nervous freshman who doesn't know where to go in high school. 2 Live Crew was really big at the time. They cast Chris as Luther Campbell, the lead rapper for 2 Live Crew, and I remembered he was really psyched. It was gonna be his first sketch. In rehearsal he was very tentative, and I remembered Al Franken came to the booth, like he's not speaking loudly enough! I can't understand him! There are all these things now that you wouldn't think possible that someone would say, "Uh, someone better talk to Chris about his performing abilities." Chris was very respectful. I could tell that he was nervous, and I think he was suffering a little bit at that time in his career. People were kinda trying to say he's the next Eddie Murphy. - [Announcer] Eddie Murphy prodigy, Chris Rock. - I hear that. I hear that. I hear that. I was on SNL twelve years after Eddie Murphy. So I was essentially the black guy after Eddie Murphy. You know, it made people watch me with those glasses, and no, no one's passing the test of being compared to Eddie Murphy. - When Adam Sandler shows up, or Spade or Schneider shows up, no one was expecting them to be the next Akroyd, the next Murray. They were so allowed to be their own person. Eddie Murphy blew the doors off the place, and people were wondering, okay Chris, where are your nine characters that define a generation. - Dennis Miller used to play with me all the time. He'd go "Hey Rocko, how's the whole next Eddie thing workin'?" I don't do impressions. I'm not even really like this great improv guy. So, SNL's not really suited to my particular skill set. A lot of the ideas I had, you know, it's not that anybody was discriminating against, they just didn't get what I was trying to do. - However white Saturday Night Live is now, multiply that by ten thousand. I was the ethnic hire at Saturday Night Live when I was there. - He would pitch us skits that we thought was, oh my God, that's gonna kill, and they would just shoot the (beep) down every week. I remember him being really frustrated with that. Like, they just don't get it. They don't see what I'm trying to do. - They only got the more obvious black things, you know, Nat-ex, black power guy, hip hop guy. You know, I was on the bench a lot. - The unfortunate thing for Chris is that he's on SNL during the period when the blackest sketch comedy show of all time. It was a very of the moment, urban, street, black thing, and it just made the limitations of SNL vis-a-vie black culture even more obvious. - I'm Chris Rock, do you guys know me? I've been on Saturday Night Live now for three years. - I feel like he didn't get a, a good shake at SNL. - I don't know that Chris talked about "I'm not doing what I want career-wise," but I knew he was, he was definitely suffering. - I've never seen ya on the show. - I was in year three at SNL, and I don't know, I guess I was a little like, mm, what's going on? Now, at that point, I talked to Loren Michaels about not being on the show, and then they cut me. - For all intents and purposes, he was out of the business. - I kind of flounder around. I'm on nothing, I'm just broke. Just being a bum for a minute, just trying to find myself. - I think the expectation was gonna be like the next Eddie Murphy or the next Richard Pryor or the next whatever had sort of passed. So, I mean, it wasn't a period where he had a lot of confidence about what was gonna happen with him. - At that point, I thought my career was kind of over in the sense of, okay, I'm never gonna get like household name famous, so I might as well just become a good comedian. I was doing standup one night, and I had the misfortune of having Martin Lawrence open for me. - Martin was height of Def Jam. - [Announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together for my main man, Mr. Martin Lawrence! - You know, Martin was the dude. My brother's not a Def Jam comic. - Damn! - Come on now! - I ain't scared of you (beep). - Def, he was over here, like, he, he was, it's almost like a, it's like two, it was two different leagues. You know, Martin Lawrence at that time was un (beep) witable, you know. - Thank you, what's up? - You know, sometimes you're like in your dressing room and you're just chillin', and you hear a little laughter coming out from there. - I said, look, it's not that I don't love you, but we're going through a lot of changes, and, uh, I don't feel it no more. I want out. I was the opening act, and, um, it got good to me. You want out of what? Hold up, hold up. Hold up-hold up-hold up! - I heard such a ruckus, I thought a fight had broke out. - Girlfriend! Girlfriend, get yourself together! - So I leave my dressing room to see what's going on. People are laughing so hard, like blood's coming out. - That is all right with me. That, it don't make me no different. You can go, 'cause none of this, you won't get no more. (roaring laughing) I like to be physical. I like to be crazy, a little wild, and... - He's so funny we should die. - I was just, just doing all that, and I just gave them the whole gamut that night. Whoa. Comedy is competitive, period. I mean, if somebody goes out before you and gets a big laugh, you, I mean, you wanna come right behind them and get a even bigger laugh. - And then I had to go on after him, and it was just crickets. It's like one of those sets where you get, you panic, and, okay, I'm gonna do my closer right now, and that'll get 'em back, and then the closer doesn't work, and now you got forty more minutes with lesser material. Horrible, horrible night. Happened in Chicago. I still remember the beatin' right now. Right now I feel the beatin', and when I see Martin, I think about the beatin'. Honestly, it's one of those things that made me realize I wasn't as funny as I thought I was, when you think you're established and you're not. I thought I knew comedy, but I didn't, and it's actually one of the things that lead to Bring the Pain. It's like sometimes you need a key loss, and Martin Lawrence chin-checked me. - Everybody has gone through defeats in their life, but if you learn something from it, it wasn't a loss. So Martin put it on him, and then he learns, okay, you have to perform your material. - First thing I learned about comedy that night, that it's not enough to just tell a joke. You have to sell a joke. (audience cheering) - (yells) You found 'em! - I learned about stage movement, 'cause Martin was like, yo. He was on it. - And I got (beep) on my mind like that. I'm just trippin' like that. I stink like that. I (beep) like that. - Shoulders were always squared on the punch line. Like he-he-he, yeah, I learned a lot. There's, there's definitely a school that, oh you're, you're performing too much. You're, you're too sweaty. Audience like sweat. Audience love sweat. James Brown sweat. MC Hammer sweat. Bobby Brown sweat. Prince, you know, he'd wipe it off, but there'd be some sweat there (laughs). The audience always appreciated, you know, that level of performance, especially in standup 'cause there's just not a lot of performance in standup. So I just started playing clubs like crazy. So I tried to put in at least three sets a night. - I remember a place on the East side. It looked like a strip club, but I remember going in there like on a Friday night, and there's like eleven people in there, and Chris is on stage, and that's the first time I was like, a guy of this magnitude does these (beep) holes too? He would try like eight, you know, minutes at a time and bomb, and he wouldn't even flinch. - For that three year period for Chris was probably not a comfortable time for him, probably not a really happy time, but that fuels creativity. You gotta be in the wilderness. They have to be lost in order to really find great stuff about themselves. - To humble yourself to go, "I need, this is, no, this is what I need to do," you admire that, but you're also like, "Ooh, you, you scared, aren't you?" - Yo, thanks a lot. I'm outta here. My delivery does change. I got louder, I got a little Sam Jackson with it. Damn, baby! What do I got to do to get with you? I was watching a lot of preachers, too. - The Lord! - Good Lord! You know, my grandpa was a preacher, so, I don't know, I took some preacher cadences. - 'Cause you can't evangelize and antagonize at the same time! - You put a pot on a stove, every day at six o'clock a man will show up to that pot! 'Cause it's not that different than standup. - He was finding his footing, as well as a continued maturation in terms of just joke telling and just understanding more and more how to tell a Chris Rock joke. - They had black people in the Olympics in the '20s. - And the rhythm. Pa-pa-pow, pa-pa-pow! - A brother was at the back of the bus in the 60s! - There's a rhythm to his writing that begins to get more precise. - In the '20s, a brother must've been inside the engine of the bus! (audience cheers) On a conveyor belt chasing a piece of chicken. (audience laughing) You know, you ever see like, like any super hero movie and the guy, you know, Peter Parker's like, "I'm strong." Like, you, you don't know this spider bit you. You just, just wake up like, "I'm really strong." (upbeat music) - I just like kind of woke up a lot better, and then HBO gave me a Half-Hour special. There's a lot of pressure. There's a lot of pressure to give a good special. There's a KRS-One record that I play over and over again called Outta Here. "Do you ever think about when you're outta here?" "$5000 love seat outta here." It's like, if you don't do a good special, you're gonna be outta here. I'm searching for topics and angles. I try to listen to like really good songs or just try to read good books, brain food, you're feeding your brain. - New York Times, Daily News Post, every day. - He'll have five, six, seven other magazines. - CNN always on at home. - So he's feeding himself constantly. - Still goes to the hood to the barbershop to just get the pulse of the, the working man. He'll go around the way and throw out a topic and let everybody else just go. Like, yeah, you said this thing about, and just let everybody else go and see what the pulse is, and then, okay, that's the bit. (gentle music) - So I'm in Fort Green at a time of, kind of a renaissance. The Brooklyn renaissance. - It was a, an amazing breadth of black artists in the area. Spike had put it on the map with She's Gotta Have It. Wesley Snipes was here, Rosie Perez was here. Vernon Reeves lived in the neighborhood. A whole group of black poets, Saul Williams, and I think he really was taken and excited by that. - My crew was not a typical, uh, standup's crew. I was hanging out with Nelson George, and like my only friend from my neighborhood I hung out with was a guy named Dirt Bike Mike. He'd been in jail for drug trafficking. When he wasn't working with me, he'd like work on construction sites or whatever, so I had that construction view of family, a construction slash drug dealer's view of women, just like, it was like constantly being in a barber shop. And then, you know, you hang with Nelson and it's like we're breaking down blackness every day. To be able to hang it, hang around a guy like Nelson George and a guy like Dirt Bike Mike in the same day really informs your work. -[Male Reporter] We have Mr. Simpson holding a gun to his head in the back seat of a Ford Bronco. All these things were happening at the time. - The East coast on my back, Dre and Snoop Dogg! - And I'm looking for angles that other people weren't doing. - We are against those thugs who disgrace our community. (upbeat music) - You know what, you gotta let the subconscious move. I was thinking less about the joke per se. - I love every one of you. (groans weirdly) - Toss my salad. - [Chris] And more about what do I wanna say. - I will not be a candidate for President. - [Chris] All of that's percolating. -[Reporter] Verdict not guilty on 10 of the 11 counts. - [Chris] You got all of this stuff, it leads to something interesting. - Please in the name of Jesus, cut out the violence! - The country was hot. The country was like we need somebody to address all this (beep). - Remember these words, "If it doesn't fit, you must acquit." - Who's gonna talk about all this (beep)? (channels flipping) - He would go on stage, and he'd have a little yellow legal pad and he'd write in red ink these topics, abortion, crack, Farrakhan, racism, bussing, police brutality or whatever uncomfortable thing and find something funny in it or find a bit that got a chuckle. Sometimes it'd be silent for like two minutes when he's trying to figure out what to say next. (gloomy music) - [Chris] I added more dates. I got more stage time in. - It was, it was warm up fights. You know what I mean? It was like I'll fight a few tomato cans and get this jab ready. - His stuff was very challenging and very in your face. There were things in that set that was gonna make people go, "Oh, (beep)!" - I remember the jokes not hitting and him, the frustration. I remember him being in the room like, "Why the (beep) don't they get it?" "Like, what's the disconnect?" I saw him trying to get the whole room, then I remember (snaps) something just hit where it was like, you know what, (beep) it. I'm just gonna do it for this little group of people right here, and if you come around to me, you'll get it. When he made that turn, it was boom. - When I went to the Comedy Store to go see his material for the new half hour, it was really clear really quickly that, you know, some switch had been thrown. - Carolyn Strauss watches me do about 20 minutes and goes, "You're doing an hour." I'm like, "Huh-huh, an hour?" - You can just tell when someone's in their zone. - "Yeah, you're doing an hour." "I don't have an hour." "You're doing an hour." - [Interviewer] You decide this guy needs an hour. - Yes. - [Interviewer] Had that ever happened before? - Where we had said a half hour and then into an hour, I don't remember that happening before. It was kind of a, the sense of, of that moment for me was of a guy who's like, we've underestimated this guy, you know, we've really underestimated him. He's really, you know, major. - Well, Bring the Pain is from, uh, the Method Man. Method Man from the Wu-Tang Clan, uh, had a record. The first, the first single from Method Man's solo album is called Bring the Pain, and I was just playing it all the time, and the first line is "I come to bring the pain hardcore to your brain." "Let's go inside my astroplane." It's like (beep) damn! That's what I wanna do. I wanna bring the pain hardcore to your brain. Like that's what I'm going for. - Live from the Tacoma Theater (people cheering) in Washington D.C., are you ready? It's time to Bring the Pain! Give up the love for Mr. Chris Rock! (upbeat music) - Some of the best comedy albums ever recorded. Bring the Pain was his offering. - Oh, that Cosby record! Whoops! (chuckles) - This is pretty, it's pretty ballsy, right, in looking at it now. - Yeah, at this part I was outraged by. I was like this kind of braggadocio, my Irish Catholic sensibility, I did not appreciate that opening. - Okay, you're setting us up like you belong in this league? Alright, we'll see about that. - That was a, a statement of intents. I wish to be included in the pantheon of greats, and after starting your special that way, you best deliver. - What's up? (people cheering) I wanted to do the blackest special ever. My version of the blackest special ever. It's like I did all this stuff that no black people saw, and I, you know, I wasn't a Def Jam guy, like I missed all this black stuff. Meanwhile, you know, rappers through the roof and this, like black is just happening, and I wasn't a part of it. So I knew I wanted an all black audience. - Gotta go to D.C. wherever you from, if you're black in America, D.C.'s home. But you gotta go to D.C. It's upwardly mobile black people, it's black people, it's black people, it's black people that have they (beep) together. - He knew they would be aware of two things, both current affairs and the underside of, of African American culture. - It wasn't a hater city. It's not like yo we, you come to our town, we welcome you with open arms. It's, it's (beep) Africa in America. (audience cheering) - D.C.! Chocolate ci-tay! That's right! Home of the Million Man March! - That's so funny. They are going nuts. They love him, "We love you, Chris, hey, yeah!". And he just sets them up. - That's right, the Million Man March. Said had all the positive black leaders there. Farrakhan, Jesse, Marion Barry. - Listen to the audience getting sucked in. "That's right!" They have no idea what's coming. - Marion Barry, at the Million Man March. How'd he get a ticket? It was a day of positivity. - Million Man March, it happened in D.C., it was this amazing event that brought out an incredible outpouring of good feeling among the black community, and then you also have it in Washington D.C. where the mayor, beloved Marion Barry, had been caught in a government sting, smoking crack. - And he comes out, first joke's Marion Barry. They had just elected him again. - I was in town before I taped the special, and I didn't really have a great opening, so I would work out at the Improv. Mitch Hedberg was doing a show there, and I would follow Mitch Hedberg. - One time I had a Jack and Coke, and it had a lime in it, and I saw that the lime was floating. That's good news, man. Next time I'm on a boat and it capsizes, I will reach for a lime. - So me and Mitch (chuckles) it was like, this is my man. What I was doing then, I was like really feeling the moment, and Marion Barry, you know, as, at that time was still very much in the air. So, I don't know. I just, it just felt right. That's all I can say. It just felt right. You get to a point where you know how to do a good show. You gotta throw that away sometimes. How good is the show gonna be tonight? - So, boom! - How'd he get in? Man, Marion Barry at the Million Man March. You know what that means? That means that even in our finest hour, we got a crack head on stage. - I didn't even know who Marion Barry was, and I was just like that guy's not a, a leader. - Just coming out the gate. Who comes out the gate and just punches the audience in the face? - I said that's a bold brother right there. (audience cheering and booing) - Hear the booing? - Well, boo if you want. You know I'm right! (audience cheers) - He handled that beautifully. That's two minutes into his set. - He's on the stage, and he's basically like this is undeniable. If you're not laughing, you're wrong. - His first thing out, he's immediately creating a tension, like immediately saying I'm in conflict with you, and you're gonna have to deal with it. - He didn't, didn't give a (beep). It was like, here, this is where we going tonight. - Oh, I know he wants us to cringe, and, uh, we do. I think he wants us to cringe because unless you're cringing, you haven't really hit the depth of all there is to feel. - Black comics at that time is, you know, black people do this and white people do this. It wasn't that, it was, "Let me tell you about yourselves." "And let me tell you what I think." - There are boos in all my specials. There's, every special I've done, at some point people go, "Boo." That's how I like it. I like to roller coaster ride. I like, uh, this, you know, when it's like that the whole time, who cares? I like the audience to be slightly appalled every now and then. "I can't believe he's saying that." "Oh, he got us back, I thought he really was for cancer." (chuckles) - I remember the morning. He came home and said, "Man, I got this new bit, this (beep) gonna kill." "Niggers versus black people." And I was just like, "Oh, alright." Like, "Okay." "I'm telling you, Tone, when you hear this (beep)", "Okay," that was it. It was just a conversation, that. Then I saw it in its stages, like, oh-ho-ho. And then you see it that night in D.C. with the cameras rolling. It was holy (beep). That little, that, that little conversation we had is this thing that I think the whole world's gonna talk about for the next couple of years. - There's like a civil war going on with black people, and there's two sides. There's black people, and there's niggers. (audience laughing) - And niggers have got to go. - There's two kinds of laughs. There, there's one kind of laugh of, oh that's funny, that's a funny observation, and then there's another laugh where you're laughing but you're also like holy (beep), this guy's in my (beep) head. (chuckles) And it's what Chris deals in. - This, to me, this is what set him apart. This is the one, this is the bit. - Favorite. - Damn, tired of niggers! Tired, tired, tired, tired, tired of niggers, man. Damn, man, you know what the worst thing about niggers? Niggers always want some credit for some (beep) they supposed to do. For some (beep) they just supposed to do. A nigger will brag about some (beep) a normal man just does, a nigger will say some (beep) like, "I take care of my kids." You're supposed to, you dumb (beep)! (audience cheers) What you talking about? - You hear that? Because all the black men in there that take care of their kids are like, "Yo, that's so (beep) true!" - Wow, I couldn't watch this with my wife now. - You know white people at home are applauding at home at this joke. - My wife is just white and French. - What kind of ignorant (beep) is that? "I ain't never been to jail." What you want, a cookie? (audience cheers) You're not supposed to go to jail! Low expectation havin' (beep). (audience cheers) Sometimes I watch this stuff, it's like another person did this, and I guess another person did do it. Man, I'm tired of this (beep)! You know what the worst thing about niggers, the worst thing about niggers? Niggers love to not know. - Love to not know. - Nothing make a nigger happier than not knowing the answer to your question. - Now if you fancy yourself as a nigger in this audience, you'll get a attitude, you get attitude. And I, I've seen it. - To be fair, I like not knowing stuff just 'cause it shortens my interaction with people. (chuckles) - Just ask a nigger a question, anything. "Hey, nigga, what's the capital of Zaire?" "I don't know that (beep) keepin' it real!" (audience cheers) - [Chris and Charlamagne] Niggers love to keep it real! - Real dumb! - Now he's making me uncomfortable. - Niggers hate knowledge. Niggers are breaking into your house, you wanna save your money? Put it in your books, 'cause niggers don't read! - The joke was perfect for Washington D.C. because these are the people who are being judged by the standard of are you a nigger, when they're really trying to be like super black. You know, "I got my master's degree". "And I'm working at the Department of Agriculture". "And I've only got five years left till I'm vested in the federal pension." - Just put the money in the books! (beep) Books are like kryptonite to a nigger. (audience cheers) Here's a book, "No, no, not a book". - You hear it. - [Chris] No! - 'Cause the black people in the room, they all get it. (audience cheers) - Famous (man chuckling) famous, famous, famous, famous thing. It's provocative, you know. At the time I didn't think of it as provocative. I thought of it as just friggin' hella funny, and now I am provoked, I'm examining everything. Could he have done it a different way? Maybe he would've said this. Maybe, like, I'm thinking in a way that I, it's not just washing over me. I'm watching it like, that's funny, but, dude, what are you doing? - There's this whole thing where, where every black person's, quote unquote, "Supposed to be down with the word nigger". But no, they're not. - I, personally, think that the N-word should be removed from everybody's vocabulary. I have lost that fight. I'm never gonna win it, I get that. - It's one of these things where he knew that I'm gonna talk about this. This has to be talked about Joyner. It has to be talked about. So, the first time I heard him say it, I was, I was shocked. He, he can't do this everywhere he goes, he can't! We're going to Mississippi! - Hey, I love black people, but I hate niggers, brother. Every time black people wanna have a good time, ignorant ass niggers (beep) it up. (audience cheers) Can't do (beep). Can't do (beep) without some ignorant ass niggers (beep) it up. Can't do nothing. Can't keep a disco open more than three weeks. (audience cheers) - Grand opening? Grand closing! (audience cheers) - That is honestly one of the most iconic jokes ever written. I do remember, however, coming to the U.S. and not realizing how fraught racially America was. - I think about all the times where I didn't have it precise, and it was like people were ready to kill me. - Oh, it did not go well in Oakland, California. - One of those black explosion comedy shows, and I don't have it "Quite right". - That (beep) damn near started a fight. - People are like mad at me, and some people are walking out. - Niggers were like, "What the (beep) you talking about?". "Yeah, we like shooting at movies," "yeah we like (beep) clubs up." "Yeah, we like smacking bitches." So that (beep), oh no, not in Oakland. You know, to put the mirror up to a nigger is not a good thing. You know, it was like, hey (beep), get that (beep) mirror outta my face. (laughs) - There was a certain part of the hip hop community who felt like he was somehow like targeting them. And maybe he was. - I remember Tupac stepped to me one night. - It's me, Chris and Mario, a writer and two comedians, (chuckles) and Tupac rolls up on us. With Tupac, in full Tupac-ness, with two big dudes. - What's up with that niggers and black people (beep)? - Like, if it a fight breaks out, we're in trouble. - Oh, (beep). - You know, blah-blah-blah, what you talking about? You know, he, he went into a whole thing. - Whatever, it's like me and Tupac having a stare down. - And basically he wanted to square up, it looked like. Which would been an interesting fight. I think Chris could've taken him. - (laughs) You think so? - Tupac, one-on-one? Not with those bodyguards? Yeah, Chris could've taken him. - I thought I was allowed to criticize hip hop, 'cause I loved hip hop. I'm a son of Chuck D, Ice Cube, KRS-One. Like these are my guys, you know what I mean? I wasn't Cosby and a old black guy who's not of hip hop, who doesn't like it, and I wasn't really against Thug Life. There were parts of it I didn't like. I did not like the embracing of ignorance, but, you know, there was definitely a defiant element that I loved. Paul Mooney's got a joke where he goes, "Fifties will never happen again," 'cause imagine trying to get Lil' Wayne to sit at the back of the bus. It's like, these hip hop niggers are not, they're, they're not playing that (beep). I'm tired of niggers, man! Can't go to a movie the first week it come out, why? 'Cause niggers are shooting at the screen! What kind of ignorant (beep) is that? "Hey, that's a good movie." "It's so good I gotta bust a cap in here!" - In many ways, this whole nigger versus black riff was a very loving form of respectability politics, and it does have a lot to do with black people constantly having to account for all black people in ways that white people are never asked to account for other white people. Like, if Donald Trump were black, every black person would be forced to account for him. Like, "Why'd you let him out of the neighborhood?" - His whole run on black people versus, you know, the N-word folks, uh, is pretty interesting, I thought. Well, listen, I don't think people should use the word, but I ain't mad at him 'cause I know what he's talking about. (chuckles) I just wanna say, mmm hmm I understand. To use his own words, I ain't mad at you, but I understand. Yes. (audience cheering) - The bit is almost stolen verbatim from an Ice Cube song called Us. Us will always sing the blues 'cause all we care about is hair styles and tennis shoes. Public Enemy had an album, Muse Sick-n-Hour Mess Age. Weird album. One of their big songs was What Side You On? And it was totally niggers and black people. "What side ya on, what (beep) side ya on?". And just like Chuck against thug life. - The people who really understood and really got that, that piece were the people who, who live in these neighborhoods and who are trying to raise their kids and live their life in the midst of all of that. People like his parents. Chris gave a voice to a part of black America that had been sort of obscured by a lot of bravado. It felt like he, he'd taken on an unspoken battle. - The, you know, the bit, the bit's not like this perfect bit. The bit definitely has the writings of a, you know, a mildly educated guy, not a (laughing) not the, it's definitely the writings and rantings of a, of a guy that's not that sophisticated but was able to articulate what he was feeling at that moment. - It's, it's hilarious when it's a room full of black people. It's the funniest (beep) ever. But when you throw white people in there, then it's like, "Oh hey man, shh, come on, man," "you ain't gotta say it like that." "Come on, man, my boss is here." "Nigger, my boss is here, come on!" You know. (chuckles) - You saying that in front of white people just gives them a license to be like, "Yeah, he's probably a nigger." - Whites are gonna jump on this. They're going to look at it and condemn all blacks for that behavior. - We can hate niggers, but ya'll can't, and the reason ya'll can't is because ya'll don't know how to distinguish between the two. You don't deal with enough black people to distinguish who's a nigger and who's a black person. - That joke makes me understand why till this day Chris Rock tapes his specials in front of a black audience, because the laughter in that room in that moment, I remember with my black friends, was a laughter of acknowledgement and a laughter of acceptance. It was a laughter of we have the good and we have the bad. There is nuance to who we are as human beings. But there are some jokes where I go, I wish white people did not have the ability to hear this joke or see it in any way. I just wish we had a button where you could press it and be like this joke is only for black people. (audience cheering) - I had absolutely no idea that, that what happened happened, and don't get me wrong, I thought, you know, this'll make me a bigger comedian, but thats like relative. I was thinking make some money, and I had no idea. It was way bigger than anything I'd ever, uh, imagined. - Comedian Chris Rock has worked the comedy circuit since he was a teenager growing up in New York City. - The night that it airs on HBO, and it, it's going viral before there's viral, everyone's watching it, and everyone's talking about it the next day, and you understand for a comedian or performer who had not had that amount of cultural power up until that point, as soon as it hits, you're like that is now in the bloodstream of the culture. - Grand opening? Grand closing! - Grand opening, grand closing. - I take care of my kids! (beep) always want credit for something they supposed to do! - Stop it! - Chris Rock had a routine. He said so too many of our men, they're, they're proud, they brag about doing things they're supposed to do. They say well I, I'm not in jail. Well, you're not supposed to be in jail. - Hey, guys, what's wrong? - We just saw Bring the Pain, and it's like a truth bomb blew up in our faces. - You just watch Chris just take off. - The cover of Vanity Fair. That's a white people magazine! - It's like oh (beep). I gotta be at my TV at 4 o'clock tomorrow afternoon 'cause Chris Rock's gonna be on Oprah. - This is the voice message on your machine. - This is a voice message on my machine. - From OJ. - Uh, hey man, uh, you dogged me in your last show. But I understand. - OJ called you up, "I understand." What do you understand? Do you understand where I live? (audience laughing) There are jokes I know it'd be harder to get away with today. Do I not stand by them? Oh, I stand by them all. I would never, ever hit a woman in my life, never! But I'd shake the (beep) out of one. The hell's wrong with you? You crazy woman, I'll kill you, girl! (laughs) Uh, yeah, I can't shake the (beep) out of any girl. I'm not doing, I'm not advocating it. By the way I didn't, I have daughters. I don't want anybody shaking my daughters. So (laughs) I don't know if you could do that special today. I mean, you could do it on the net, but I don't know if there's like a network that puts their stamp behind some of that material. Yeah, a lot of people would not, you know, have the balls to even do it. So, you get to a point in your life you gotta figure out what's important to you. You and your woman together, living, sharing, loving. It might get to the point she finds out you was cheating, she wanna break up, if she wanna break up, run! - That night, he just elevated to a place where we'd never seen him. - Soon as you get to the door she's like, "No-no. let's work it out." (audience laughs) You know what work it out means? Payback. - To take the chance and grab it and say Bring the Pain is gonna be the best thing that I can do, and I'm gonna aspire to greatness. - And she getting you a beeper, a cellular phone, a car phone, gonna put one of them things on your ankles like a prisoner, and every time you leave the house, you gotta check in. I'm outside, I'm on the car, I'm in the car. - Chris really wanted to be great, and he, he, he put all his cards on the table. - I got some butter, I'm on my way. I ran a light, the cop's chasing me, they chasing me, they chasing me. - They chasing me, they chasing me. - I ran out the car. They shot me in the leg! I'm hopping, I'm hopping! I'm almost home, I'm almost home! I'm in the driveway, I'm right next to ya, I love ya! (audience cheering) - Mic drop! - He's just like (beep) you. I just (beep) all of you up. - Chris Rock killed it. He really brought the pain. - He just glosses over the fact that the black guy at the end of his drive gets shot by the police and is basically dying in his driveway. - I love ya! - That was sweet, and he'd be like but there was a, a hint of bitterness. What was that? Ah, yes, (snaps fingers) police brutality, that's what that was. I mean, that's, that's amazing. - Watching it you're like, he just did this special that puts him up there with all the guys we sat at the diner talking about. Richard Pryor, George Carlin, Lenny Bruce, Eddie Murphy. He just did this special that could claim his place with all the greats. - Look, does his bow. He goes right back to being uncomfortable on stage. Once he's off the mic, he goes right back to Clark Kent. - In his eyes, when he looks at the audience, they liked it. Oh, they loved it. That's when I tear up 'cause it's, it's so, I don't know. He's just so like it's just, you just this vulnerable guy and not all that crazy, you know, craziness he did. So, yeah, what the (beep) is this? - Thank you, thanks a lot, thank you. - Bring the Pain era was the, that was the closest we've ever been. We weren't close growing up. We wasn't, we're not that close now. Bring the Pain era was the best (beep) time. It was, oh, it was so much fun. - The real goal of comedy is not just to amuse us, that's, that's there, and we should be amused. If you're not funny, it's not gonna work, but the best comedy, it forces us to take a second look at the society, at ourselves. Chris Rock is simply trying to get to the truth of the matter. - It made me proud to be a standup. Whereas, you know what I mean? Like, suddenly it's like, yeah, that's right, this is what we do. Stuff like this comes out. - The bar was raised for comedy as a whole. I mean, Bring the Pain just wrecked some comics. I think some comics just quit. Like, "Hey, man, I ca, uh, jeez, uh, I give up." And the other ones, you know, we, we had to dig deeper. Dig deeper, it's like okay, the bar's up there now. Alright, cool. - I saw Chris like a couple months ago, and I saw him, he had these, these papers he was reading. I was like what is this? He's like, oh I just get all the sets transcribed and I read them. It's faster than listening to them. The thing about that, he's still working that hard. I mean, that, that's dedication to an art form, and then you see some like young dude who's just sitting there eating French fries. You're like you notice something about the dudes that are really famous and making all the money? They're looking at their (beep) notebooks. - That's the magic of the man. He has every right to drop a mic. Uh, for the time being the rest of us should just put it in the stand and walk away. - I had a whole career of people praising me for my work, but when I actually did something that was legitimately good, it made me realize, oh all that other stuff I did was bad. "This is really good!" "Huh, what, you, what about that other one?" "No, no, that, that was okay." "But this!" That (beep) made me feel in a way like I remember my life before Bring the Pain. I don't ever want people to look at me like that again. - I've seen him in an audience in an arena with thousands of people, and it really is a transcendent experience, you know. This guy, he's just this, this, this guy up there on stage. This little, this brown guy on stage using his words and his wisdom, really, in a way that transcends what you thought you knew, and not just transcends it but hits it in such a way that you went, (claps) yes! (audience cheering) - I can't believe they let me do it. Honestly, I mean, dude, me? Yeah, I got to do it, and I got to do it again and again. I can't, I can't believe I'm still in show business. It's very hard to believe. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 