Strange Angel: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Strange Angel 
 s1e6 - The Mystic Circle of Young Girls - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Strange Angel (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Mystic Circle of Young Girls - full transcript 
 A secret return visit to the Agape Lodge leaves Jack wanting more, inspiring him to explore new sexual boundaries at home with Susan, despite her misgivings. Ernest's sudden presence at the... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ We're here. JACK: Years from now, the world will realize that this is where the future became possible. Man will live on the moon. It'll be our rockets that carry them there. And this... is where we're gonna build them. [SIGHS] [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 MAN: Oh, there's one of 'em now. [CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY] It's irresponsible. They didn't even know what they were doing, and then boom. [GIGGLING] [INDISTINCT CHATTER] Morning, Professor. What are you all testing here today? Nothing that would interest you. We don't anticipate any, uh, explosive findings. [CHUCKLING] It's a shame, really. Such a waste of talent. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [BIRDS SQUAWKING] [JACK GRUNTS] ♪ ♪ Come on, faster. Richard will be here soon. [LAUGHTER] Come on. [LAUGHTER] Hello? [BIRDS SQUAWKING] You still sure about this? Mesulam agreed to keep the project under his supervision. Yeah, well, our last prototype nearly took my foot off. He was the only one that knew it was going to fail. [LAUGHING] SAMSON: Hey, Jack? Is that a busty redhead riding a wolf? It's a werewolf, actually. [RUSTLING] He's here. We were starting to worry you weren't gonna show up. I stopped by campus to pick up the last of our things. Richard, we got to stay focused on what's in front of us. What do you think? It's a work in progress, I know, but we'll have everything we had at GALCIT and more. We'll store chemicals over here, put up some more tents. One for propellants, one for engineering. And right there is where we're gonna put our testing platform. The first dedicated rocketry testing facility of its kind, or, as I like to call it, the JPROL. The Jack Parsons/Richard Onsted Testing Laboratory. Oh, doesn't exactly roll off the tongue, does it? Well, we could just drop your name and call it JPL. I'm kidding. Your name can even come first for all I care. The only thing that matters is that it's gonna be revolutionary, and it's gonna be ours. Can you picture it? Well, this place has one thing going for it. At least here... no one will see us blow ourselves up. [LAUGHING] _ ♪ ♪ Abide with me, Ra-Hoor-Khuit. [INTERCOM STATIC] [INDISTINCT CHATTER] WOMAN: Oh, is that the guy Parsons? Did you see the paper? I heard he almost blew himself up. [LAUGHTER AND INDISTINCT CHATTER] I assume it's just alcohol in these? Absinthe made by the Grand Magus himself. Not bad. Have you seen my pal Ernest around? First names must never be spoken. [WHISTLES] Good. You got a drink. Look like you could use it. Everybody, this is Frater J.P., a Minerval initiate. I remember him. Last time he didn't come alone. - How - is - Your wife? She's fine, thanks. Jack's wife is Catholic. Oh. My sympathies. I didn't realize you came to these? Well, it's important to Ernest, so, when in Rome... How many of those have you had? [CLOCK CHIMING] ERNEST: I'm glad you came. You tapped into your inner potency out in the desert. Thelema can do the same thing for you. What exactly is Thelema? [LAUGHS] It's better experienced than explained. CASSANDRA: Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law. [JOAN SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE] CASSANDRA: Love is the law. CONGREGATION: Love under will. CASSANDRA: I proclaim the Law of Light, Life, Love and Liberty in the name of IAO. Love is the law. CONGREGATION: Love under will! [JOAN CHANTS IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE] Sing unto me the rapturous love song! Burn to me perfume! Wear to me jewels! [PANTING] Drink to me. I am the blue-lidded daughter of sunset. [PANTING] I am the naked brilliance of the voluptuous... night sky. [ANIMAL GROWLING] To me! To me! - CASSANDRA: Love is the law. - [JOAN PANTING] - CONGREGATION: Love under will. - Love under will! Love is the law. CONGREGATION: Love under will. [SCREAMING] [PANTING] [ANIMAL GROWLING] [SIGHS] What happens now? Now you leave. You must ascend higher before you can partake in the workings. Hey, you know what they're doing up there now? What's this? The answers you seek. ANNOUNCER [OVER RADIO]: This is London. You will now hear a statement by the prime minister. NEVILLE CHAMBERLAIN: I am speaking to you from the cabinet room of 10 Downing Street. This morning the British ambassador in Berlin handed the German government a final note stating that, unless we heard from them by 11:00, that they were prepared at once to withdraw their troops from Poland, a state of war would exist between us. I have to tell you now that no such undertaking has been received, and that consequently this country is at war with Germany. You can imagine what a bitter blow it is to me that all my long struggle to win peace has failed. Yet I cannot believe that there is anything more or anything different that I could have done and that would have been more successful. Up to the very last it would have been quite possible to have arranged a peaceful and honorable settlement between Germany and Poland. But Hitler would not have it. Now may God bless you all and may He defend the right. For it is evil things that we shall be fighting against, brute force, bad faith, injustice, oppression, and persecution. And against them I am certain that the right will prevail. [DOOR OPENS] You heard? Just now... in the truck. ANNOUNCER: ...with a solemn statement declaring war... I can't believe it. Please stay tuned for further developments. We now return you to regular programming. [MUSIC PLAYING] Don't worry. Europe's a world away. Where were you? Uh, I'm sorry. I was trying to get the generator going in the Arroyo. Lost track of time. Well, I'm glad you're here now. Lay back. What are you doing? Jack, what are you doing? Just trust me. [PANTING] [MOANING SOFTLY] [WHISPERING]: Stop. St-Stop. I said stop. [PANTING] [SIGHS] Why would you think I'd like that? Well, I didn't. It was disgusting. Fine. I guess I'm disgusting. [SLAMS DOOR] - [GRUNTS] - [ANIMAL GROWLING] [WATER RUNNING] [ANIMAL GROWLING] [GROWLING CONTINUES] ♪ ♪ Hop in. We're heading to the same place. Did Jack invite you out here? Told me all about your project. Nothing gives people faith in their endeavors like a sense of posterity. Well, come on. I don't have all day. JACK: One of the advantages of being out here is that we can run as many tests as we like. Which is why I've developed a state-of-the-art testing mechanism. Come on. Your neighbor gave me a lift. Apparently, we need a documentarian. Figured it might be helpful to record the tests so you can watch 'em back later. That actually would be very helpful. Thank you, Ernest. We're not running any tests today, but maybe you can capture the preparations. ERNEST: You just pretend I'm not here. Well, back to the job at hand. Here's what I'm proposing. We dig a trench out there and lay the test rocket sideways, attaching a recoil spring so that any misfires will have a limited blast radius. Conversely, we could just stop designing rockets that blow up. Well, the quicker we... eliminate bad ideas, the quicker we reach escape velocity. So we're just back to trial and error then, huh? Think of it as destruction and rebirth. Exactly, he gets it. Don't point that thing at me. So... shall we get started? You want us to dig the trench? It's not gonna dig itself. The guy's a prophet. If he tells you to do something, you just do it. Richard. SAMSON: Well, if he's not gonna bust his ass, I don't see why the guy on crutches has to. Come on, Richard. Are you gonna pitch in or not? Goddamn it. FATHER SHELBY: In every part of the world, a fearsome anxiety possesses the souls of men. We therefore enjoin all men, as this ominous storm approaches, to make their way back to the Prince of Peace, the Conqueror of Death, from Whom we have heard the comforting words, "Peace be unto you." His peace which alone can calm and allay the fear and confusion in men's minds. [QUIETLY]: God, it's like someone died. I'm just saying. It's not like we're in Poland. You wouldn't understand. You were born after the Great War. VIRGIL: Were you listening to Father Shelby's sermon? It may look like the dark clouds are only gathering over Europe, but believe me, before too long, the storm will blow in. Do you think Jack will have to enlist? Yeah, but knowing him, he'll figure a way to get out of it. I wouldn't wish what I went through on anyone. Can I be excused? Do the dishes, then straight to your room. But it's only 6:00. VIRGIL: And you're grounded, remember? Don't make me ask you again. [DISH CLATTERS] What did you do this time? You really want to know? Daddy caught me sneaking out to meet Carl. The boy from Halloween? Daddy refuses to let me see him, so what does he expect? Probably that you'll do as you're told. Virgil tried to get me to stop seeing Jack. I obviously didn't listen, either. My older sister admitting she's not perfect? You must really like this boy. He's okay. Though he's dumb as a stone. It's not like I'm planning on marrying him or anything. Doesn't seem like it's worth getting into all this trouble, then. Oh, it is. What? You haven't... Haven't what? You know. Maybe. Spare me another sermon. I know what you're going to say. That I'm too young, that I should be saving myself for the right boy. Shh. You heard Daddy. With war coming, I may never get another chance. - That's why? - No. It just feels good. Why should I have to wait? Come on, you know what I mean. You and Jack must do it all the time. Isn't that the whole point of getting married? Not the whole point. Okay. When you do, don't you like how it feels? Whoa, what happened? I just don't want to talk about this with you. You're the one that brought it up. Is everything all right? Yeah, it's fine, Daddy. Least she didn't break one of the fancy ones. [KNOCK AT DOOR] We need to talk. The point of knocking is for someone to answer, but... What's going on with you? Out in the Arroyo, you couldn't care less about anything anyone was doing. Maybe I'm just camera-shy. Well, at least Ernest is helping. We've got too much work to do. There isn't time to sulk. You need to snap out of it. If not for me, then for the rest of the team. Okay. Look, I get it. Your worst fear came true. You failed in front of the whole campus. Thanks for spelling it out so clearly. My point is your worst fear is behind you. You don't need to worry about it anymore. Come on, we're the Suicide Club. Men who'd pay the ultimate price for science. Or men who failed one time too many. - Jack. - "Dear Professor von Braun," "I hope you are well." - That's private. - "With the gravity" "of recent events weighing on me," "I find myself wondering whether I can continue" "such frivolous-seeming pursuits." "Frivolous"? Are you talking about our project? When you're finished feeling sorry for yourself, you know where to find me. [CLOCK TICKING] Is he gonna be much longer? [CRYING] - Are you okay? - What? Oh, yes. It's not what you think. Here. I've been purging. [BLOWS NOSE] Oh, I'm sorry. No, keep it. Looks like you've got more to purge than me. [CHUCKLES SOFTLY] [PHONE RINGS] He's ready for you. Hope it goes well in there. I'll be fine. Frater E.D. tells me you are a scientist designing ships intending to take us all to the moon. It's no wonder you were drawn to Agape. You seek to leave this realm in body. We seek to transcend it in spirit. I guess. No, we don't guess. We seek to know. If we don't know, we keep asking questions till we find the answer. Do you know why people don't like having their picture taken? Because they're scared of what they will see. What... is standing in the way of manifesting your dream? Plenty. My partner, for starters. Your frustration with him is what brought you in today? Yes. He's starting to lose faith in our project because of one minor setback. Is he a jealous man? Great men cast even greater shadows. Must be hard for your partner to live in yours. The setback wouldn't have happened if he'd just listened to me. Perhaps he's blaming the endeavor rather than admitting these feelings of inferiority. And what about your wife? - What about her? - You don't ask questions during the process. You brought her here the first time you came. - Yeah. - But she didn't come back. - No. - Why not? I think what she saw scared her. - You think? - I know. People that carry fear inside them spread that fear to others. Has she impeded your will? She's the only reason I made it this far. She never doubts you? Not really, no. Never makes you feel guilty or you're not meeting your obligations? Never judges you? Does she make you feel desired? Master Crowley tells us that the greatest obstacle in manifesting our will is sexual frustration. That's my wife you're talking about. Hi. You look great. Just... - There you go. - Thanks. - MAGGIE: - Stitches may not show up on camera, But they still have to be straight. Let's see. Hmm. Oh, hike up that hem. It's a comedy, not Sunday school. Okay. - [SQUEALS] - Afternoon, beautiful. What are you doing here? Well, I wanted to give this back to you. Tell Phoebe I said thanks. [CAMERA WHIRRING] Stop it. I will. You want me to ask her to develop the film while I'm at it? Sure. Jack will be dying to see it. I sure hope he's appreciative. Quite a thing to ask you to... document his rocket test and yet no pay. This is what we do for those who want to walk their chosen path. We help them stay on it. What? Everyone take ten. I'm gonna show my hubby what we've been working on. What's wrong? Nothing. [WHISPERING]: It's just maybe we shouldn't talk about the Agape at my work. Why? You embarrassed? No. It's just the Grand Magus said you should only speak of it to those who are ready to listen. The Grand Magus, huh? I didn't realize you were so devoted. Okay, you got me. That's not the only reason I cleared the office. I haven't been able to stop thinking about the other night. - Have you? - No. I'm starting to understand, I think. It did feel sort of... magical. Didn't you like it? The point isn't whether or not I Liked it. I'm trying, Ernest. What more do you want from me? It's not about what... What you want. I know. Jesus. But, I mean, isn't it? Do you still want me? Yes, I told you. But you also want... all those other women. It's not about that. Each person is a different shaped key that can... [SIGHS] - open up a different part of us. - Can you stop With the Thelema stuff for two seconds? Just tell me. How many other keys were you with while we were apart? You can be just as free as me to explore. What if my true will is to be with you and only you? I'm sorry. Don't say that. At least not like that. What do you want me to say? Just promise me... Listen, please, I... ...I can handle you exploring as long as I know there's not someone else. Someone... someone you want more than me. There's no one else. [SIGHS] Then cut through the side... Nifty trick. It's not a trick. In life, we all start out ill-formed. But the more people grasp their true selves, the more they come into focus. Or you just changed the shutter speeds. The camera settings are identical. The only variable is the subject. The process reveals latent agitations. Invisible to the naked eye. Indelible on film. You have a rare clarity, Jack. Your struggle is not discovering your true will. It's getting others to heed it. You can say that again. To restore your friend's faith, we must help him recapture the passion that once ignited his ambitions. How do I do that? Well, fortunately, you are no longer alone in figuring that out. As for your wife, place this under your bed. Before long, you'll notice a change. What, like a... like a magic potion? [CHUCKLES] You are a scientist. I don't expect you to take my word for it. Put it to the test. See if you observe any results. [ANIMAL GROWLS] Jack? What are you doing? Uh, found them. You're going out? There's a meeting of the Science Fantasy Society tonight. I'm taking Richard. Haven't been to one of those in a while. What's the book? It's a werewolf story called Darker Than You Think. Some title. Hopefully, just being in that room will remind Richard why we started all this stuff in the first place. Reignite his passions, you know? Are we ever going to talk about what happened the other night? What's there to talk about? You made your feelings pretty clear. I'm sorry for what I said. Don't be. I get it. What do you get? I don't know what came over me. I don't know why, I-it... it just felt strange. I understand. Listen, I got to go, but these things don't run very late. Maybe we can make up for it when I get home. I'd like that. WILLIAMSON: "He was free and swift and strong." "He wanted to explore this new existence, to find his powers and their bounds." Did you get to the end? - It's even better than - The Cometeers. He's a poor man's Edgar Burroughs at best. - [JACK SCOFFS] - WILLIAMSON: "Her white fangs" "flashed in scorn." "'Our enemies are men.'" [WHOOPING] Y-You're far too kind. Now, if anyone has any questions. Yes, you there. WOMAN: I loved it, but was a little confused by one thing. Did that woman turn that guy into a wolf? Or was he a wolf already, just trapped in a man's body? April is very much a Freudian image of the id, leading Barbee into the darker side of his desires and instincts. In a sense, the wolf was always inside Barbee. As it is in all of us. [LIPSTICK CONTAINER CLINKS] [EXHALES] [INHALES SHARPLY] [EXHALES SOFTLY] [SNIFFS] [INDISTINCT CHATTER] What the hell are you doing here? One piece, please. I'm following my true path. Shh. I want to move up a degree, but the Magus says I need to practice my workings out in the world. Practice on who? You better not say anything to him. I'm not here to spill secrets. I'm here to restore your friend's faith. [CLICK'S TONGUE] How? It's a shame Ackerman or Doc Smith didn't talk. Someone to feed our inspiration. You disagree? You said you wanted to take my mind off our project, but that is exactly why we're here, isn't it? No, we're here to remind you that we were friends before we were partners. The first time we read Smith, we stayed up all night, and created our own Skylark to carry us across the universe. We were 17. And I've learned the difference between science and science fiction since then. [PATRONS CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY] This seat taken? I'm Marisol. I'm Jack. And you? Richard. Eh, Rich. Okay, Rich. Did you boys enjoy the reading? I'm a huge fan of Williamson's. His work draws a lot from eastern esoteric thought. Wow, those are big words. It's an area of personal interest. What about you? What do you boys get up to when you're not at Clifton's? Well, believe it or not, we run the rocketry team at Caltech. - No kidding. - Mm-hmm. If I knew you could study spaceships in college, I mighta gone. They're not spaceships. They're metal containers that propel themselves into the air based on Newton's third law. No little green men, then? You have pretty eyes. You should look up once in awhile. So? Tell me how these rockets work. Um... when fuel burns, the pressure in the chamber causes the hot gas to exit the nozzle. Fascinating. Um... it is, actually. And-And I've over-simplified it. To get one of these to work properly, an array of engineering challenges have to be overcome. That's what you do? Overcome them? Yes, I guess I do. You know what? I just remembered, Susan put a roast on. I've got to go. You... You're leaving? Yeah. I'll catch you at the Arroyo tomorrow. [GRUNTS] [ANIMAL GROWLING] [VEHICLE APPROACHING] Jack Parsons? Mm-hmm. Oh, I'm glad I caught you. Honey, I never leave. Haven't seen the sun in so long, they're gonna put me in Lugosi's next picture. [LAUGHS] Here's that screen test you wanted printed. Screen test? Who's the actor? Never seen him before. Never seen a reel quite like this before either. It's very experimental. Oh, I-I think there might be some sort of a mix-up. The footage I'm here for was shot by my husband. Yeah. Donovan. I know. His name's on the can. Well, it's not a screen test. He was shooting some kind of rocket experiments for a friend up at Caltech. I didn't see any rockets. You want to make sure it didn't get switched at the lab? Sure. [FILM PROJECTOR CONTINUES WHIRRING] [FILM CLICKING] RICHARD: Yeah, we both loved the same authors. [CAR HORN HONKS] H.G. Wells, Jules Verne. That's how it started, I guess. Jack, of course, imagined himself as the hero, swashbuckling through space, but... I always liked the machines. [PEOPLE LAUGHING] These intricate, amazing, beautiful machines. And I thought, if I could make something like that one day, well, that really would be something. It sounds like you should stick with it. You're really interested in all of this? Can't you tell? I just never met a woman who didn't mind me prattling on about it. I never met anyone quite like you, neither. [TROLLEY BELL RINGING] That's my ride home. Oh. We could go grab a drink. You could tell me more about your rockets. My bike... I can't take it on the Red Car. Oh, well. It was an honor to meet you, Richard... Rich. Sure I'll read about you in the paper some day. [CAR HORN HONKING] Marisol! Marisol! Marisol! Can I have your number? Glenview 7537. [GIGGLES] [TROLLEY BELL RINGS IN DISTANCE] [RICHARD CHUCKLES] [DOOR OPENING] [DOOR CLOSING] I hope I didn't wake you, Father. You're always a welcome sight, even at this late hour. You know, the last time I saw you looking so worried was when you caught Betty Parks stealing the sacramental wine. Hopefully, this isn't quite as serious. It's far worse than that. I found this under my bed. I think Jack put it there. To what purpose? I have no idea. Our neighbor is part of some strange... religion, if you can call it that. I think Jack may be going, too. You think? You mean he's going without your knowledge? Have you ever attended any of these... rituals? No. Then it's difficult to know what we're up against. What did Jack say when you confronted him? I haven't yet. He's been out all night, like always. You did well coming to me. The Bible warns us against false prophets. They come dressed in sheep's clothing, but secretly are wolves. What do I do to make him see that? Speak to him about his actions and be honest about your fears. What if he keeps going anyway? This way leads straight to hell, Susan. Jack is a man of science, isn't he? Present him with the facts. Find out everything you can about this false religion and lay it bare for him. He'll be unable to deny the truth once he's confronted by it. [MAN WHISTLING] [CAR HORN HONKS] [CAR DOORS OPENING] MAN: Richard Onsted? Yes? We need you to come with us. What's this about, Professor? General Braxton will explain. GENERAL BRAXTON: Professor Mesulam, Mr. Onsted, Please, step inside. We've already rounded up your compatriots. JACK: It's extremely combustible. They call it "green dragon" on account of the flame. Rich, looks like the military had a change of heart about our project. CHIANG: Now that we're all here, are you going to tell us what this is about? GENERAL BRAXTON: I'll cut to the chase. What do you all know about Wernher von Braun? MESULAM: Boys, it is not secret you correspond with the German scientist. You even brag about it, Richard. Yes, sir, but I may have been embellishing a little bit. It's not as if we have a personal relationship with him. But you have been carrying on a correspondence? JACK: Yes, since we were teenagers. Why, has something happened to him? GENERAL BRAXTON: You could say that. This was taken earlier this year at a testing site in Germany. MESULAM: It seems your idol has a new patron. - No, that can't be. - I'm afraid so. Our sources tell us that von Braun is working on a missile capable of hitting London from Berlin. Von Braun is designing weapons for the Nazis? GENERAL BRAXTON: They're giving him all the money and personnel he needs. If he succeeds, all of Europe is in grave danger. How close is he to achieving his target distance? We have no idea. That's where you all come in. Well, we've made some strides... He's not talking about our work, Jack. They want our correspondence with von Braun. Here. I don't know how helpful these will be. Thank you, son. I told you this wasn't about your visa. GENERAL BRAXTON: Hopefully, he let slip some clues about how far along he is, or, at the very least, information that'll help our scientists play catch-up. Well, if there's anything there, we sure missed it. We'll get these back to you if they don't yield anything of use. Don't bother. Just get rid of them. Gentlemen. Berlin to London... That's what, 600 miles? Can you imagine what we could do if the military opened their eyes and decided to back us? There's a silver lining here. - What? - Can't you see it? [CAR ENGINE STARTS] What? That-That our hero is a Nazi? Why do you always look on the downside? Look up at the moon. Doesn't it seem that much closer? Jesus, Jack. Disgusting. [CAR DOOR OPENS] [CAR DOOR CLOSES, ENGINE STARTS] [WOLF HOWLING] ALFRED: In life, we all start out ill-formed. [GROWLING, SNARLING] The more people grasp their true selves, the more they come into focus. Do you know why people don't like having their picture taken? 'Cause they're scared of what they will see. She never doubts you? Makes you feel guilty or you're not meeting your obligations? Does she make you feel desired? People that carry fear inside them spread that fear to others. Has she impeded your will? [GROWLING, BONES CRACKING] [GROWLING] [SCREAMING, GROWLING] You seek to leave this realm in body, we seek to transcend it in spirit. [HOWLING] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 