Strange Angel: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Strange Angel 
 s2e1 - The Fool - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Strange Angel (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - The Fool - full transcript 
 The U.S. Military offers Jack, Richard and the Aerojet team a classified mission that could turn the tide of World War II, but which comes with increased scrutiny of Jack's personal life. ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 So you truly do believe that you, Jack Parsons, can build a ship that will take us all to the moon? - Yes. - Preposterous. What is standing in the way of manifesting your dream? Plenty. My partner, for starters. This is Caltech, Mr. Parsons. We don't deal in fantasy. We deal in hard facts. And what about your wife? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But Jack refuses to listen to reason. Then it's difficult to know what we're up against. You have always seemed to me to be... like water. I believe you have found far more in Mr. Parsons than an acolyte. I believe you've found... your liberation. Going to the moon is not just a scientific inevitability. It's a strategic necessity. They didn't want rockets. They wanted a way for planes to take off from shorter runways. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I don't give a damn what they wanted. I am the one who made it real. Not you. Me. You didn't make it real. You made it small. You haven't...? Haven't what? You know.Maybe. You and Jack must do it all the time. Isn't that the whole point of getting married? I think something might be wrong with me. But until you confront the source of your shame, you will remain a prisoner of it. - Susan! - Tell them. I don't know what she's talking about. I'm going to teach you about shame. This is my house, and I am not gonna stand here... Why didn't you ever say anything? And what about you, Father? Did he confess his sins? And did you give him some prayers as penance, as if that could ever wash him clean?! How could you do that to her, your own flesh and blood? Shut your vile mouth! We have a demonstration tomorrow. For the military. This is taking it too far. We can't let him fly that plane. - Ernest is a grown man, okay? - He's doing this of his own free will. Marisol, did Jack send you? Or that-that group? No, Richie, I swear. I'm not even part of the Agape anymore. I got exactly what I was looking for. You know what drew me to the Agape? It was this magical place where people let their guards down, trusted one another. God help us if anyone ever got in, tried to take advantage. They'd be like a wolf in a henhouse. - Do you do this of your own free will? - I do. Then let the rituals be performed with beauty. Count down... from the number 93. Ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One! One! Can you get the lights? From a single spark may burst forth a flame. Though we may be here to celebrate, we must not lose sight of the great struggle that consumes us all. Not just between the Allies and Axis powers, but between light and dark... and between good and evil. After all, we must defend freedom unless we all wish to be slaves. I think what my colleague is trying to say is we can feel good about the work we're doing. Every plane our JATOs get off the ground is helping the good guys beat the Germans and Japs that much quicker. Bomb them all to hell! Mr. Parsons. I'd heard Samson Hunt enlisted and there might be a... It's already filled. Sorry, Professor. We've got engineers coming out of our ears right now. But you will be the first person I call if anything comes up. Thank you. Enjoy. I've got half a mind to hire the poor sap. It'd be satisfying to watch him do the grunt work. Or you could let bygones be bygones. I'm so proud of you. Nice speech, Richie. Yeah? Not too long?  No. No. They'd already gotten an earful from you-know-who. Whoa. Excuse me. Uh, how about a picture of all the Aerojet men with their wives? Right this way. Coming? It's fine, Richie. I don't need to be in the picture. Come on. Okay. And say "cheese." Cheese. Whoa. You don't say cheese? Can I borrow you boys for a minute? Yeah. I'll be back. We've gotten intelligence that Von Braun's work on Hitler's "Vengeance Weapon," the V-2, is on the verge of completion. We need you boys to head them off at the pass. We will. Well... we'll do our very best. We're gonna blow 'em out of the water. Good. You have the full support of the War Department and an initial grant of $500,000. If you can build an operational missile... the sky's the limit. Before you go poppin' any more bottles of champagne, y'all are gonna need to up your clearance. A project of this nature requires the utmost secrecy. Army Intelligence will be conducting interviews, digging into every aspect of your personal and professional lives. We look forward to it. Enjoy the night. Because very soon... the real work begins. We've got a war to win. Thank you, General. Anything the military requires, we will do our best to provide. Can you picture it? Half a million dollars. I'm more interested in the "sky's the limit" part. The only difference between a rocket and a missile is that a missile carries an explosive. That's a fairly significant difference. If we've got to kill a few Nazis on the way to the moon, so be it. Assuming we get our clearances. It is not only enemies on the battlefield we face... but enemies who live across the street... who work on the same assembly line or attend the same church, some even within our own families! For as Satan disguises himself as an angel of light, it is no surprise that his minions Disguise themselves as servants of righteousness! How were you prepared to be consecrated? I obtained the four powers of the Sphinx: Knowledge, Will, Courage and Silence. This will help you surmount your fears. The third degree requires a consummation to our faith not only in words but in action. Are the candidates ready to pledge themselves in front of all those gathered? We are. We are. There is no law beyond do what thou wilt. What is this? Alfred Miller? Yes. You've been ordered to vacate the premises, effective immediately. We've paid our rent. You have no right. Let me talk to him. No, it won't do any good. This property's been acquired by the archdiocese. Son of a bitch! He's the one you should be locking up! Tell him, Susan! Yes, tell him, Susan. See if anyone believes you. Your depravity is apparent to all those here. "And lo, the beast was taken, "and with him the false prophet who wrought miracles with which he deceived!" ♪ Anima Christi ♪ Sanctifica me Come, brothers. Sisters. ♪ Corpus Christi Come, come. Inside. ♪ Salva me ♪ Sanguis Christi ♪ Inebria me ♪ Aqua lateris ♪ Christi ♪ Lava ♪ Me. Ah. Here we go, sweetheart. Here we go. Yes. Thank you. I suggested they go with neoclassic pieces to match the style of the home, but my daughter-in-law wanted something more unexpected. Oh! Well, she certainly succeeded in that regard. I cannot tell you how pleased I am to welcome you to the neighborhood. Thank you, Mrs. Van Buren. We're thrilled to be here. So many magnificent homes on Orange Grove have sat empty for far too long. And would you believe the developers have begun snatching them up only to tear them down to create their luxury apartments? As if such a thing exists. Nowhere near here, I hope. Oh, thankfully, not yet. But they are circling like vultures. The Preservation Society is doing what we can, but the more homes that sell to the right sort of people, the better chance we have of fending them off. What happened to the people who lived here before? The Flemings? They lost everything when the market crashed. Oh. Well, I thought maybe they'd been murdered or died of some exotic illness. Oh! You'll have to forgive my sister. She has an over active imagination. It was a far too prosaic demise, I'm afraid. Not that I need to tell you. Thankfully, my Jack has restored us to our rightful place.Oh. So you'll be moving in with them? Not yet. But as soon as there are grandchildren that need looking after... Is there something amusing? Patty, perhaps you'd like to take Mrs. Van Buren to tour the grounds. It would be a pleasure. Come along, Mrs. Van Buren. Oh! It's beautiful. You should teach that girl some manners. Ones better suited to her new living arrangement. It's not hermanners I'm concerned with. You invite this woman over and start talking about grandchildren, all without consulting me. Dear, I'm doing you a favor. You live in Mildred's fiefdom now, and you make nice, or she will make your life hell. As far as grandchildren, I wasn't aware I was saying anything controversial. Not that it's any of your business, but Jack and I have decided to put children on hold. Indefinitely. I see. Does this have something to do with that little group of yours? No. It has to do with me and what I want. Is that what they've made you think? Well, we'll see how long you last. The bigger the house, the more empty spaces there are to fill. How's the search going? Poorly. Joan and I are still at the hotel. And every landlord is reluctant to rent to us, lest the archdiocese come after them, too. Touché. That's what you're supposed to say, isn't it? Come get some before the ice melts. Have you talked to Crowley about buying a place? That might better secure your position. We lack the resources. What Thelema has to offer is not nearly as profitable as your rockets. Well, you know I'd do anything for you and Master Crowley, but at the moment, all my money's tied up in my company and this house, so... I understand. Now that the well has been poisoned, we'll be forced to move to a new city, most likely. Where? Burbank? Glendale? I was thinking somewhere in Mexico. I'm tired of running from place to place. Wherever I go next, I want to be left alone. I might have another solution. Why not move the Agape here? That is asolution. I'm not sure it would solve all of our problems. What about your father-in-law? He might have the church behind him, but I've got the United States military behind me. Well, it's not really up to me. We can't. Not with Patty living here. It wouldn't be appropriate. All right, well, we're gonna have to finish this later. I have to get to work. What do you think of his offer? Truthfully... I'm not sure if this house is big enough for the both of us. Hey. Hey! ♪ At last I'm home ♪ We're gone again ♪ I'll soon be on my way... Oh! Calm down, Richard. I wasn't gonna spill. It's just a little hot. The liquid inside is even hotter. You don't want to burn your own mother, do you? ♪ Hills I used to roam ♪ In my thoughts, I've never really been away ♪ ♪ Don't keep me waiting... Can I see it? You did bring the ring, didn't you? ♪ Twilight time... No. I explained on the phone.Yes. Richard, you explained, but that doesn't mean I understood. It's my ring. Nana left it to me when she passed. Not to do whatever you please with it. She wanted me to give it to the woman I intend to marry. I've dragged my heels long enough. I assumed Marisol was something that you just needed to get out of your system. Even your father dated a Jewess once. But at least they lived in the same neighborhood. You and Marisol come from completely different worlds. I am about to be vetted by the army. It will look much better if Marisol and I are m... How well do you even know her? You've never met her family. She's barely met you. I mean, if you can call an awkward lunch where you hardly say a word a meeting. Richard, this is a request that I simply cannot agree to. Your grandmother would roll over in her grave if her heirloom ring were to end up on the finger of some Mexican tart. ♪ Sweet embraces all... That's not gonna help you sleep. I'd just as soon not sleep. Just have more bad dreams. Are you nervous about your security clearance? You have nothing to fear. The military needs you. It's not the military I'm worried about. It's the Agape. I don't want the Agape to move away any more than you do. Then why are you so scared about us opening our doors to it? I told you. It's not only Patty. I'd be worried about us, too. We've participated while maintaining our marriage vows, but with the Agape here... If you're worried about me being tempted, you don't have to be. The Great Beast is knocking. Can't you feel it? How do you know? The same way I always do. Stop, or I'll shoot. You're sure this is your will, not just Jack's. We really do have all these empty rooms. More than we know what to do with. No, I wasn't speaking pragmatically. It's a bit of a leap, I'll admit. But the thought of you moving all the way to Mexico... What about your sister? I think it sounds like fun. Besides, if we don't do it, then Daddy wins. ♪ Hadit ♪ Ma'bud ♪ Hadit... Armed robbery. Wasn't even his gun. Snatched it outta the store owner's hands, and then used it to beat the mope's face to a bloody fucking pulp. Jesus. Yeah. Yeah. Get this, when I asked him why he done what he done, you know what he says to me? "Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law." I told him the actual law might have something to say about that. Rap sheet finally came in. He's got a couple of priors. Look at this. ♪ Ma'bud... Huh. ♪ Hadit... The decision of who is allowed to reside at the Agape used to be mine to make, alone. Jack thought we should have some say considering it's our house. We just want to make sure they're people we can trust, that's all. Who we actually want living here. Why don't we put all the prospects to a vote, and it has to be unanimous? Meaning, Jack can exclude anyone he wants. Jack's so busy with work I'd likely be voting on his behalf. In order to approve you for top-level security clearance, we will be asking a series of questions related to past and present affiliations, activities, relationships and beliefs. We encourage complete candor, as any lie or omission will be revealed in time. I understand. ♪ You ♪ Ain't never been blue ♪ Till you've had that mood indigo ♪ ♪ That feeling ♪ Goes stealing down ♪ To my shoes ♪ While I just sit here and sigh ♪ ♪ "Go 'long, blues." That was beautiful. Who's the composer?  - The Duke. Ellington. I'll admit, I know less about him than I should. Well, that's okay. We all here to learn. Learn and love. All those in favor? Mr. Onsted, were you aware that your business partner is a member of a fringe religion founded by a man named Aleister Crowley? I mean, he may have mentioned it. A time or two. He's never invited me to attend. Aren't you his oldest friend? Yes? And yet he's never invited you to take part in his religion? How long have you been in America? Long time and no time. It's a blur. I left whenever der Fuhrer killed the fun. No more Weimar, just Deutschland, erwache. You fled the Nazis? Yeah. Undmy family. My true self caused much grief. But in the paradise of California, and with Alfred's help, I found home. All those in favor. Seems odd. A star pupil from Caltech shacking up with some hot tamale. Must be a story there. I believe Richard and she met at a meeting of the LA science fantasy society. They have a shared appreciation for the genre? How did you meet your wife? Our families introduced us. See? That's a story I believe. To your knowledge, has your colleague, Mr. Gui, ever been a member of the Chinese Communist Party? No. Then he's a follower of Kai-shek? Chiang's side is clear, he chose American. Now, perhaps we can move along to your other colleague. How long have you known Mr. Onsted? Since we were 14. I think it's been four years now. He recruited me for the rocket team. Tell us about your parents, Mr. Onsted. Um, normal childhood, I suppose. The youngest of four boys. Play sports? No, I didn't play sports. Do I look like someone who plays sports? Marvel Parsons and Ruth Whiteside. How did they meet? - I didn't even need pickles, but I ended up getting three jars. Mm-hmm. Mr. Parsons is reporting back to an occultist named Aleister Crowley. You're aware of that, correct? I am not aware of that. I don't know anything about Aleister Crowley. But you know of him, correct? I've heard his name. Does the name Aleister Crowley ring any bells to you? Uh, yeah. He's a teacher, an adventurer, an explorer, a writer, a lot of things. Would you say you want to be Mr. Crowley? No. I think there's a lot that can be learned from him, no? Give me an example. The manifestation of one's will. You are described as oppressive, egocentric, compulsive. Would you say that's accurate, Mr. Parsons? And isn't it true that she was once a practicing member of the cult?  - I don't know much about that. Have you ever been to one of Mr. Parsons' group meetings? I told you I haven't. He's never invited me. I'll tell you what I think, Mr. Gui. I think you do not serve the United States, you serve another, foreign master. How can you question my loyalty? What kind of investigation is this? I believe you are a member of the cult and that you are lying and that General Braxton knows you're lying. Mr. Gui, are you a liar? Questions over and over and I've been giving you the same answers over and over, so you tell me. Member of the Chinese Communist Party. Is that not correct? - No. I am an American. What the fuck does this have to do with anything? I don't know what you want me to say. You ask me to come in here, and I have told you everything that I know. Where's Braxton? Get Braxton in here. Please take a seat. I'm not fucking talking to this guy anymore. Please take a seat! Get fucked. ♪ Here you go. - Welcome, one and all. - Joan, if you sort things out into the second bedroom... Joan... Joan will tell you where to go. Yep... come, come, come, come. Come, come, come, come. Whoa-ho, whoa-ho. Welcome, welcome. How was the traffic? Wasn't too bad.Okay. Joan will tell you where everything needs to go. Joan? The third bedroom, I think. The third bedroom. Thank you. Ah, you can just drop that there. Take this. I know all this must be rather strange. It's fine. I'll finally get to see what all the fuss is about. About that... I never wanted to be like Virgil, pushing you into a faith you hadn't chosen for yourself. Uh-huh. Though it might be more difficult now, uh, I don't want you to feel pressured to participate. I don't. Let me put it another way. Until you're ready, you won't be able to participate. Who gets to decide if I'm ready? In the meantime, there will have to be certain ground rules. You're to respect the privacy of all those living here. And during any kind of gathering, you're not to leave your bedroom. You can't be serious. I thought the whole point of this was to live with less rules, not more. The more I get to know you, the more I fall in love with you. I've hesitated to do the honorable thing, because... well, I-I was afraid you might say no. But I-I've decided i-it's time we took the plunge. So, w... Marisol, will you marry me? How'd you like that one? I think it was... sweet. She's gonna flip, Mr. Onsted. Oh... s-so you think she'll say yes? I mean, if she loves you, why not? Can we see the ring? Never mind. She will definitely say yes. It was your grandmother's? N-No. Um... One of our first dates was to see Wizard of Oz. H-Have you seen it? - Of course. I thought an emerald would be a nice reminder. More personal to me and Marisol. Mm... the city wasn't actually made of emeralds. It was an illusion made by green-tinted glasses. Mr. Onsted's office. It's General Braxton. Shit. Where's Jack? The conference room. Have you seen the design for our meteorological rocket? Braxton's on the line, calling about our clearance. Should I answer it? No, Richard, you should just stare at it. There's something I need to tell you first. During my interview, most of the questions they asked were about you. Or... not just you, your religion. What did you say?  - Everything I know. Jesus, Richard. - It's better we're up-front. They'd find out sooner or later, and besides, they knew most of it already. Just answer the phone. Let's get this over with. General. Sorry to keep you waiting. Congratulations, boys. Eres tan estúpido, Matias. ¿Por qué harías eso? No eres un luchador, como papá. No me importa, no voy a verlo. ¿Cómo puedes siquiera preguntarme? You're home early. Who were you talking to? No one. I'll fix us up some drinks. Shh... Apo pantos kakodaimonos. Apo pantos kakodaimonos. Apo pantos kakodaimonos. Apo pantos kakodaimonos. Apo pantos kakodaimonos. Apo pantos kak... ♪ There in the corner ♪ Sat Johnny... ♪ Making love to Nellie Bly ♪ He was her man... ♪ But he was doing her wrong. ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos... This had better be important. Hello, Daddy. Patty? Where are you? How are you? Oh, God, it's been so long since we've heard your voice. We... Your mother and I have been worried sick. Let me talk to her. Tell Mother I'm fine. Well, that is a relief. Truly. Tell me, now, please, Patty, why-why are you calling? Are you ready to come home? No. Things just got a lot more interesting around here. What do you mean? ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos... Love is the law. ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos Love under will. ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos Love is the law. ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos  - Love under will. Love is the law. Love under will. I want you to close your eyes and imagine me with all of them. Wh-What is she saying? Does that excite you? The very thought of it? They've poisoned your mind. No, Daddy. You did. No, Patty? Patty, wait! No. No. Darling? Darling? She's gone. I just want my daughters back. Then give me the phone, Mabel. Now. ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos ♪ ♪ Apo pantos kakodaimonos Donovan. Got a visitor. Thank you for contacting me, Detective. I'll make sure DA Yates knows how accommodating you've been. Uh, I'd keep your distance. Last guy he was with didn't fare so well. I have faith in my protector. I'm not sure we've ever had a chance to meet, but we are linked. Inexorably. You are the man who introduced my stepdaughter, Susan, to that wretched cult and, by so doing, ruined my family. And for the longest time, I have wanted to see you placed exactly where you are. So much so that I had a friend at the LAPD put a note in your file so that I could testify to your deviance if you were ever arrested again. I wanted to make sure that you were properly punished. It seems you've taken care of that yourself. Why, it's not just the confines, but the stench. Of course, I hear conditions are even worse up at San Quentin. And while your case might seem open and shut, there-there may be mitigating circumstances. Perhaps that store owner was in debt. Perhaps he was selling narcotics to people without prescriptions in order to pay it. Now, depending on who's advocating on your behalf, some could even see what you did as justified. I just have one question. The last time anyone saw you, you nearly flew a plane into Jack Parsons before stealing that plane and disappearing to God knows where. So what I want to know is... do you still carry that same animosity in your heart? Hey. Jack Parsons means nothing to me! What the hell's going on? I'm fine. I-I'm fine! I got what I came for. What you're about to see has only been viewed by a select group at the top levels of the U.S. military and government and now by you. Goes without saying, but the details of this conversation do not leave this room. This test footage was shot inside Peenemunde, the base of the Nazi secret missile project. A Polish POW working as a slave laborer managed to escape with it and then he used it to secure safe passage to America. We were hoping you could study this film and glean whatever you could use. You mean steal? There's no time to be prideful. Imagine what happens if the Nazis perfect this technology first. Now's your chance to put words into action. Lives will be saved or lost depending on your success. Could we play the film again, please? Do you have a moment? Sure. I am going to be frank, Mr. Parsons. I don't like you. And, more to the point, I don't trust you. So why did you... Sign off on your security clearance? Given the importance of the missile project, I was encouraged to give you the benefit of the doubt. I wouldn't touch that. At the outbreak of the last war, were you aware that your master, Aleister Crowley, traveled to the U.S. and became involved in the domestic pro-German movement? He later claimed to be a double agent, working for British intelligence. Was he? We have no idea who he was working for then, or who he's working for now, and I thought maybe you could help shed some light. I don't know. I've never met the man. Perhaps I haven't made myself clear, Mr. Parsons. Your work for the War Department comes with certain expectations. Expectations that, if failed to be met, will result in the loss of your security clearance, or worse. So what do you want from me? Aleister Crowley's current whereabouts are unknown. We need to know if he's still in touch with his pro-German contacts in the U.S. and if they're planning anything. I already told you, I don't know. Well, then, I assume we can count on you to pass along any information that you do find out? The world I live in requires structure, Mr. Parsons. When an order is issued, we need to know it will be carried out. There is no room for "do what thou wilt," and whatever the fuck else it is you ascribe to. I understand. There you go. I call it Parsons Poison Punch. Mm. Ah, damn. That's potent. Pace yourself, baby. Let's not wear out our welcome right out the gate. Walter, go as fast as you damn well please. Uh-huh. Isn't that why we're here? Where's my wife? Has anyone seen my wife? My queen. It's "goddess" to you. What are you doing? O pan. Io Pan, Io Pan, Io Pan. I am a man. Do as thou wilt, as a great god can. I am awake in the grip of a snake. The eagle slashes with beak and claw. The gods withdraw, the great beasts come, Io Pan. I am gold, I am god. Flesh to thy bone, flower to thy rod. With hoofs of steel, I race on the rocks. And I rave and I rape and I rip and I rend. Everlasting, world without end. Isn't everybody here already? Long time no see, Jack. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 