Strange Angel: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Strange Angel 
 s1e10 - The Sacrificial Dance - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Strange Angel (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - The Sacrificial Dance - full transcript 
 When Jack receives a letter from Aleister Crowley, inviting him to ascend to the next degree, the Parsons must decide if Thelema is what they both want for their future. After uncovering ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [FILM REEL CLICKING] Sing unto me the rapturous love song. Burn to me perfume. SUSAN: Don't touch me. Don't... let go. MARISOL: I'm not here to spill secrets. I'm here to restore your friends faith. [PANTING] I love you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. There is something I have to tell you. [SCREAMING] Am I a part of your workings? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A man of will knows no boundaries. Stay the fuck away from me. [CLANGS] - SUSAN: Don't... - I want my wife back. [CLANGS] [RUMBLING] [ROARS] [EXPLOSION] [TURBINE WHIRRING] [PROPULSION RUMBLING] [PEN SCRATCHING] ♪ ♪ I quit. [PANTING, MOANING] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [ENGINES RUMBLING] ♪ ♪ About time you guys showed up. Before you get your drawers in a twist... - You knew. - [GRUNTS] And you never said a word. What are you talking about? You know exactly what I'm talking about. Marisol. I tried to warn you. I told you she was shining you on. From that, I'm supposed to deduce that she was put up to the whole thing by that-that deranged group? They're not deranged. They're the only reason any of this happened. It worked. - Now you really have lost it. - MARVIN: Guys? You really think you could've sold the project if she hadn't been boosting your ego? MARVIN: Guys? Can you see were in the middle of something? - How'd you come up with it? - Come up with what? Using asphalt as a fuel. That's what I was trying to tell you guys. There was a fire on the roof of my garage. When I went up there to put it out, I saw... [RUMBLING] I saw... [SIGHS] What? The tar had melted in the heat. And the answer just hit me, kind of like Richard here. MARVIN: Asphalt could be the answer to the paradox. It pours as a liquid but hardens into a solid once it cools. The rocket I just tested produced a constant thrust for an entire minute. If you don't believe me, just run a test for yourself. - Why are you doing this? - What? Saving the day? No. Trying to worm your way back onto the team. You're the one who quit. Who says I want to come back onto the team? If my solution works, use it. [LAUGHS SOFTLY] Now what? MARVIN: Guys, this could actually work. I just felt like a goddamn jackass, giving it away. Your colleague needs to be convinced he needs you, and the only person hell be convinced by is himself. He better. This demonstration for the military needs to work, and I need to be there when it happens. Just keep focused on your intention. Believe me, I am focused. I am like a goddamn razor blade. And still, you doubt? I don't doubt this. I doubt Richard. I doubt Caltech, I doubt the military. I doubt anyone who isn't one of us. At least you no longer have to include Mrs. Parsons on that list. I'd love to know what you did to make her come around. - Ask her. - You don't think I've tried? You know I can't divulge what transpires in these sessions. Even if she's my wife? Especially if she's your wife. It's quite a thing, to be the keeper of everyone's secrets. [KNOCKING ON DOOR] Yes? A letter came. It's not addressed to you. [QUIETLY]: It's for him. VIRGIL: For as it says in Romans 13, verse eight... "Owe..." oh, no, I said Romans 13. Y-You typed "12." For as it says in Romans 13, verse eight, "Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: " "for he that loves another hath fulfilled the law..." [TYPEWRITER CLACKING STOPS] You getting all this, Susan? Uh... Could you repeat that last part? What is going on with you? Excuse me. [PANTING] [TOILET FLUSHING] [KNOCKING ON DOOR] VIRGIL: Susan. Susan. Tell me what's wrong. Nothing. Well, I... I can see for myself it's not nothing. You haven't been yourself for weeks. I feel much better. We can get back to work. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ "Based on your dedication to the workings" "and the illuminations contained therein, I am writing" "to invite you to become Man and Brother of the faith." He's inviting me to ascend to the next degree. Can you believe that? Crowley himself. Uh-huh. I wonder how he even knew about me. And get this: "It is an honor" "to have a true man of science in our midst. "One who can help legitimize the work. - Jack... - "In aiming for the stars," "You are helping to further our cause here on Earth." [LAUGHS SOFTLY] You seem flattered. Shouldn't I be? So you're going to accept? I don't want to go any deeper into this thing unless it's gonna be something we do together. I've been going. Yeah, to the private purging sessions. But you haven't been participating in the rest of it. Why is that important to you? I want this to be something we share together, with no more misunderstandings, or secrets between us. For the official demonstration, we will actuate the triggering mechanism inside the cockpit. RICHARD: Once you flip the switch, the rocket motors will combust, increasing acceleration and decreasing the length of runway required to reach take-off speed. Hear the Japs are working on planes that can take off from a submarine, using a dang catapult. Of course they are. They are a devious people. Our solution is far more sophisticated. It's our first time testing the JATOs attached to a plane, but they seem to be operational. Seem to be? What he means is, our most recent test with just the rocket motors went off without any problems. Well, what about the tests before that? Guys, it's gonna be me up there on demonstration day. Something goes wrong, it'll be me paying the ultimate price. The fact of the matter is, once we made the switch to an asphalt-based fuel, the previous issues wed been experiencing went away. Well, so long as they're safe. That's what were here to demonstrate. On my count. Five, four, three, two, one. [SOFT LAUGHTER] Wait! No goddamn way I'm flying with those things strapped to my wings. Fuck. Hi. So this is where you've been living? I'm looking for the Magus. Is he in? Care to join me for a tipple? Or perhaps we could have a short stroll. Take advantage of this weather. I was surprised myself. It's not often the Master takes such an interest in a minerval. How did he even know about him? Crowley has his ways. Well, Jack isn't going to accept the invitation. Not unless I... Not unless you what? He wants Thelema to be something we can share fully. And what do you want? Workings are not to be undertaken lightly or against your will. Workings. Ascension. For people so devoted to uncovering the truth, why not call it by its actual name? What words would you prefer I use? Sodomy? Fornication? Sin? Because these words do not describe what we do. They are words used by those who seek to limit and control. Words you learned to speak in the confessional. It's not the words, it's the behavior. You're right. It is the act, not the label. It's a method to know oneself, and by so doing, to know God. You believe in God? Not just God, but the Goddess. Nuit, the great mother, the source of all things. Her power is within you, waiting to be unleashed. You are on the precipice, but until you confront the source of your shame... ...you will remain a prisoner of it. [JAUNTY MUSIC PLAYS] All out! Oh, hurry up. Welcome to the Moon! Oh, its lovely. - You're lovely. - [BASHFULLY]: Ooh! - [COUGHING] - Come over here, everybody! [COUGHING] [INDISTINCT CONVERSATION CONTINUES ON FILM] [FANFARE PLAYS] NEWS ANNOUNCER: With swift decision, the R.A.F. replied to the Nazi raid on the Orkneys when the first civilian was killed on British soil. A large number of R.A.F. bombers set out for the fortified German island of Sylt and bombarded seaplane bases, ammunition dumps and harbors up and down the island continuously for six hours. List, of which this is an aerial photo, had its share, as well as the Hindenburgdamm. Britain has shown her determination to answer Nazi raids in a language the Boche understand. I just don't understand why you're going. It's Easter. You know what I mean. You've found a new religion, one that actually works. FRANCINE: Careful, that credenza was a wedding gift from my aunt. - MOVER: Yes, ma'am. - Oh, good, we caught you. - Carl, go get that box. - Yeah. How are you two settling in? So far, so good. Though, whoever lived here before sure made a mess of the place. I'm sorry to hear that. Well, you can't pick your neighbors. CARL: This got left behind and, uh, we weren't really sure what to do with it. Well get it back to him. So you're still acquainted? We know where to find him. I should be going. Don't want to be late for mass. ♪ ♪ [PHONE RINGING] Parsons residence. Congratulations. You win. What are you talking about? I need your help. RICHARD: Before I called, I'd pretty much decided that we needed to cancel. I didn't see another way. With the demonstration so close, a workable solution seeming so illusory... So what changed your mind? I was sitting in a movie theater watching a newsreel about Britain dropping bombs on a Nazi seaplane base. This war is getting worse by the day. And everything just feels so huge and important. And I just kept thinking to myself, we are so close. And not just to getting funding or even legitimacy. We are so close to being a part of it, to mattering. Mm-hmm. And in the face of something that big, this grudge between us, it feels kind of small, doesn't it? I agree. The only thing that matters is that were part of what's to come. Right. I'm glad. As you can see, four of the JATOs fired perfectly. However, the other two failed spectacularly. One would've taken the head off of the pilot, had he been in the plane. You must've done something wrong. Well, I realize that. And if we had more time, I am confident that our team could figure out what, but... but with the presentation upon us, I-I am asking you if you have any ideas. If I had to guess, the two rockets that misfired were packed the day before the test, but the others were packed the day of. I know I'm not an actual scientist like the rest of you, but I'm smart enough to know it gets cold at night, especially out here. Must've been a good 30 degrees hotter when you ran the test. Yeah, so? Yeah, so, the fluctuation in temperature would cause cracks to form in the asphalt, which leads to uneven combustion. You thought of that just now? Of course not. I had the same issue when I did my preliminary tests. Which you conveniently failed to mention. Must've slipped my mind somewhere between getting punched in the face and being called a liar. The good news is, there's a fix. We have to pack the JATOs as close as possible to the demonstration itself. Wait, we? Yes, Richard, we. I can see now that it was a mistake to trust you guys with my breakthrough. Well, thanks to you leaving out a key piece of information, we scared off the test pilot. Do you have a quick fix for that? [HAMMER TAPPING] Hey. Sorry, I didn't mean to sneak up on you. [PIGEONS COOING] What are you doing here? I came to give you back this. I know why you left it behind. Look, your declaration, or whatever it was... caught me off guard. I was just trying to get a rise out of you. You were right. You are the only one who's gotten me closer to what I want. That all? It's a lot. No. Is that all you came here for? Your prophecy came true. I did see the Great Beast, and exactly like you said, he showed me my true path. But I can't walk it alone. We have a demonstration tomorrow for the military. Bully for you. The thing is, the team can't do it without me, and I can't do it without you. I don't know what to label it. Elemental opposite. Friend. Compatriot. All I know is that love is the law, whatever form it takes. And you have to heed it. What do you want from me? If the test is successful, the military is offering us over $100,000 in funding. What do you want? Imagine the possibilities. With that kind of money, everything would change. For me, for you, for the Agape. Maybe I'm done helping you. That'd be a shame. "The true magic of Horus requires" "the passionate union of opposites." What do you need me to do? CHOIR: ♪ Christ is risen ♪ ♪ From the dead ♪ ♪ Darkness now ♪ ♪ No more shall reign ♪ ♪ Thorns no more shall crown ♪ ♪ The head ♪ ♪ From our sin hath made ♪ ♪ Us free ♪ ♪ Where, O death ♪ ♪ Is now thy sting? ♪ ♪ Where, O grave ♪ ♪ Thy victory? ♪ ♪ Amen. ♪ VIRGIL:You shall not eat of the fruit! Daddy, I wasn't! I don't want to hear your excuses. You wish to taste it, then fill your damn mouth with it. See what you've become? I'm going to teach you about shame. [CRYING] - [KNOCK AT DOOR] - PATTY: Susan? Dinners almost ready. Daddy wants us to come set the table. Sorry for stopping by without phoning, but it's important. Oh, dear. I was worried this day would come. At least you don't have children. - That would make it far harder. - What are you talking about? Well, after Susans last visit, it's obvious you're not happy. No, mother, that's not it at all. We've never been happier together. Oh, well, that's wonderful to hear. I came by to tell you that tomorrow's the demonstration for the military. Take a good, long look. If everything goes according to plan, you'll never have to look at that house from the outside again. [GASPS] Oh, Jack. That's a promise. [CHUCKLES] [ENGINE STARTS] [FATHER SHELBYS VOICE DISTORTING, ECHOING] [FATHER SHELBYS DISTORTED, ECHOING VOICE CONTINUES] [DISTORTED, ECHOING]: The choir was magnificent. [DISTORTED, ECHOING LAUGHTER] [DISTORTED, ECHOING CHATTER] [DISTORTED, ECHOING]: What? Yeah. It was beautiful. Thank you, ma'am. Now, before we begin, I would like to thank Father Shelby for coming. We are blessed by his presence. Blessed in more ways than one, hmm? [LAUGHS SOFTLY] It is truly a day of miracles and new beginnings. And with that in mind, would you do us the honor of saying grace? It would be a pleasure. It's the least I can do for our parish's most generous advocate. Let us pray. O Lord, the resurrection of your Son has renewed our spirit. Grant us the wisdom to know what we must do, the courage to undertake it, and the will to complete it. Bless these, Thy gifts, which we are about to receive from Thy bounty. - Through Christ our Lord. - OTHERS: Amen. Well, perhaps now would be a good time. Go on, your little secret should be shared with those you are closest to. What little secret? Well, she's been calling in sick a lot lately. Hmm? Barely able to keep food down. [LAUGHS]: Mm, your mother was the exact same way with your sister. Congratulations, Susan. This is wonderful news. Yes, dear. Perhaps it'll be a boy. VIRGIL: Well, I'm just sorry that Jack isn't here, because... well, he's finally done something worth celebrating. [MEN LAUGHING] But I'm not... - You're not...? - What you think I am. What do you mean? I mean, I'm not expecting. Uh, well... - course you are. - [PATTY LAUGHING] Stop it, Patty. [CONTINUES LAUGHING] Oh, the look on your faces. I said, stop it. [LAUGHING] All right, well, if you can't behave yourself, then you will just have to spend the rest of the evening up in your room. No, come on. Let her go. What... Excuse me? I can't... anymore. - What the devil are you talking about? - You know. I... Have both of you conspired to humiliate me today? SUSAN: I... Tell them. I don't know what she's talking about. I'm going to teach you about shame, I'm going to teach you about shame, - I'm going to teach you about shame. - This is my house, - And I am not gonna stand here... - Why didn't you ever say anything? And what about you, Father? Did he confess his sins? And did you give him some prayers as penance, as if that could ever wash him clean?! - Patty? - [SOBS] How could you do that her? Your own flesh and blood? [GRUNTS] Shut your vile mouth! I will cut you off. Do you understand? If you don't apologize and take back what you said this instant! You'll lose your house! You'll be put out on the street! [SIGHS] [FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING] [KNOCKING] Can I come in? Jesus, its freezing. How long have you been sitting in there? Here, let me warm it up for you. [FAUCET RUNNING] [STIRRING WATER] [FAUCET CONTINUES RUNNING] I'm ready. Anywhere its taking us, it's better than where I've been. ♪ ♪ [BURBLING] Okay. Tap the side gently, okay? We want to get rid of all the air bubbles. You ready? Even the slightest gap can mean a disaster. [JACK EXHALES, SNIFFS] [EXHALES] [QUIETLY]: Tap, tap, tap, tap. Good, good, good. [EXHALES] [OWL HOOTING] [BURBLING] [SIGHS] ♪ ♪ What are you doing? I'm waiting on the moon. That thing is never gonna get you there. I don't care how many puny rockets you strap to the wing. It's just a stepping stone. Don't let them do that to you, son. Do what? Make you think the same way they do. [WHISTLES] [RUMBLING, DEEP GROWLING] [THUDDING, GROWLING] [DEEP PANTING] [GRUNTS] [WIND WHOOSHING] ♪ ♪ ERNEST: Rise and shine. You came. I said I would. What are you doing out here? I saw the Great Beast again last night. He's inside me. I don't doubt it. Up and at 'em, boys! Our destiny awaits! SAMSON: The military already sent someone to film. He's not here to film; he's here to fly the damn plane. You claimed to have found a suitable replacement. Ernest can fly with the best of them... I know from experience. That's an Ercoupe 415-Charlie... A trained orangutan could fly that thing. Jack. I don't have time to argue, Richard. This stuff doesn't come off easy. This is taking it too far... we can't let him fly that plane. Ernest is a grown man. Okay? He's doing this of his own free will. If today is anything like last time, he could get seriously hurt. - It won't be. It won't be. - How do you know? - I just know. - No. You don't. How far are you willing to go? - Do you want to matter, or don't you? - Yes. But... No fuckin' excuses. You want to know the real reason Marisol would never go for you? It's because you don't have any faith. Not even in yourself. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ JOAN: Do you do this of your own true will? I do. Then let the rituals be performed with beauty... and grace. ♪ ♪ General Braxton. Professors, welcome. Welcome, sir. - How are you? - Big day, Mr. Onsted. Thank you. - Mr. Parsons. - How are you, General? Mr. Parsons. I thought your participation in rocketry team had come to an end. It had until I got a last-minute call from Richard here. He was in need of a little assistance. As you said before, takes two to have an argument. Yes, my boys. Please, make yourself comfortable. Well get started very shortly, gentlemen. BRAXTON: All right. - I'll take care of this. - No, I will. ALFRED: The chosen apostle of infinite space is the Beast and in his woman called the Scarlet Woman is all power given. They shall bring the chosen into their fold. They shall bring the glory of the heavens into the hearts of men. Look within... and open yourself. What are you doing here? It wasn't all a lie. - Marisol, this is not the time. - Just listen. I know it started one way, maybe not the best way, but... how I feel about you is real. I came all the way out here just to prove it. Did Jack send you? - Or that-that group? - No, Richie. I swear. I'm not even part of the Agape anymore. I got exactly what I was looking for and... he's standing right in front of me. You see the ignition switch? Right there. So on my signal, you flip that and the JATOs are gonna carry you straight into the heavens. You taking it all in? You've spent your whole life wanting this. The moment when your dreams could come true. It's all thanks to you. I'm just a cog in the Great Work. Like the master says, "Worship me in blood and fire." Be sort of fitting, don't you think? Going down in flames for the sake of my elemental? Are you just trying to get a rise out of me again? Nope. Meant what I said, Jack. I'd do anything for you. Well, I'm not asking you to do that. Sure, Jack. You know what drew me to the Agape? It was this magical place where people let their guards down, trusted one another. God help us if anyone ever got in, tried to take advantage. Be like a wolf in a hen house. I don't understand what you're saying. Are you... do you want to fly this plane or not? [RICHARD WHISTLES] Do or die time. Tell me you're not gonna do something crazy. Ernest. I can't hear you! Shit. [JOAN CHANTING]: ♪ Om Mani ♪ ♪ Padme hum ♪ ♪ Om Mani ♪ ♪ Padme hum ♪ ♪ Om Mani ♪ ♪ Padme hum ♪ ♪ Om Mani ♪ ♪ Padme hum. ♪ Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law. There is no law beyond do what thou wilt. ♪ ♪ Count down from the number 93. The value ascribed to love and will, the cornerstones of our faith. 93... 92... 91... Maleficium haereticum in nobis... SUSAN: 90... ...eradicandum. SUSAN: 89... FATHER SHELBY: This group that has poisoned her mind will have its reckoning. - 68... - Focus on your intention. 67... Whatever it is you wish to manifest. - 66... - Whatever it is You desire. - 65... 64... - ♪ Om aing hring ♪ - 63... - ♪ Shring kling... ♪ ♪ ♪ SUSAN: 62... 61... Let's get this show on the road. - [ALFRED CHANTING] - 24... 23... 22... Roll camera. 21... 20... [SIGHS] 19... 18... [PANTING]: 17... - [CHANTING] - 16... ...15... 14... 13... 12... 11... Ten... nine... eight... [PANTING]: ...seven... ...six... ...five... ...four... ...three... - ...two... - [MOANS] ...one. ...one! [PANTING] Bravo! [CHEERING] Yes! MAN: Wow. Oh, my God. [APPLAUSE] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 