Strange Angel: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Strange Angel 
 s1e1 - Augurs of Spring - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Strange Angel (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Augurs of Spring - full transcript 
 In 1930s Los Angeles. Jack Parsons works as a janitor at a chemical factory by day, but, by night, he nurses a secret ambition: to build rockets that will take mankind to the moon. The ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Shh. Parsons. You'll have to finish on your own time. Break's over. I got ten more seconds, according to that clock. Parsons. The guys and me are hopping over to Del Monaco's to grab one... Got a different sort of rendezvous planned this evening. Yeah? What's her name? Destiny. I'm not late, am I? No more than usual. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Beautiful night, isn't it? And freezing. Wait. You did follow my specifications for the packing density, right? More or less. Well, an error could be the difference between us living and dying. We're in uncharted territory, Rich. The time for caution has long passed. Ad astra... Per aspera. Fuck! 43.27 feet. That can't be right. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, you're welcome to check my math if you want. That's even worse than last time. And now the violin concerto, movement number two. Hey. Hope I didn't wake you. You know I have trouble sleeping with one side of the bed empty. How'd it go? Every time I think we're making headway, we take a step back. I don't want to bore you with the details, but we made it about a thousand feet, before... That seems pretty high. It's not high enough. We've reached the limit of what we can do with the resources at our disposal. Speaking of, I need to borrow a few bucks. Supplies cost a little more than I expected. Jack, we're two months behind. The bank called again... You just got to hold them off a little longer. Sorry. Looks like someone's moving in to the old Weller place. We'll have to go introduce ourselves. Who moves in the middle of the night? Excuse me. Hey. I'm just a little turned around. Where's GALCIT again? Right over there. Thanks. Jack. Jack? What the hell do you think you're doing? Looking for you. I told you to meet me outside. I don't see what the fuss is about. It's just a big pipe. Which produces winds of over 200 miles an hour. The wind tunnel is only open to authorized students and personnel. Well, I'm about to be, aren't I? I just hate walking in there without any sense of what he's gonna say. How do you feel? You know how I feel. I realize you don't think we were ready to submit, but I didn't have a choice. Susan's had it with me spending our money on this. Well, I don't blame her, it's literally going up in smoke. Fucking hilarious. I am not joking, Jack. Sometimes, the rocket reaches 60 feet, sometimes it-it doesn't leave the ground and sometimes, it explodes. The results are completely random and we don't even understand why. I-Is it the size of the nozzle or the chamber? Is it the fuel? Or maybe it's the oxidizer... That's the point of the project. To figure those things out. But what if our proposal is approved and we still fail? The only difference is the head of my department will be watching. Have a little faith, Rich. They'll be naming buildings after us by the time we're done. It is absurd. You wish to build rocket capable of taking, meteorological equipment into ionosphere? Yes, sir, w-we thought... Well, that part was Richard's idea. He thought it sounded more... practical. Our ultimate goal was to create a rocket capable of taking man into space. Professor Goddard only managed to launch rocket 2,700 meters, maximum. Ionosphere is nearly 100,000. Remember what I say in first year seminar about crossing river? Stepping stones. Exactly. Small advances needed before big ones can be made. What if we're not content to be someone else's stepping stone? Richard tells me you never completed, undergraduate degree, Mr. Parsons. I'm starting to understand why. I had to drop out to support my family because of the Depression. I'm sorry to hear that. Don't be. A degree's just a piece of paper. I'd just as soon not have all those protocols weighing me down. But listen, you are trying, to work in a field that does not even exist. If you don't proceed with caution, you will fail. Or even worse... blow yourself up. What? What? That wasn't how it was supposed to go. No. No, Jack, leave it alone. Professor? I was just thinking, you should come and see one of our launches for yourself. I gave you my answer. Richard and I have been building rockets since we were teenagers. Some words on a page can't convey what we're capable of. They should. Well, they can't. When you were developing the PUZ-1, did you rely on a written proposal to demonstrate its feasibility? No, but... No, because helicopters didn't exist. Because people didn't even believe they couldexist. That is a slight exaggeration. There were precedents. My point is, you had to prove the naysayers wrong by showing them it could work. Next thing you know, your prototype takes three men in the air, and you change aviation history forever. Another slight exaggeration. All I'm asking for is the same chance. You don't believe we can back up our claims? Let us prove to you we can. Hey. Hey. I don't get why you're mad. He said he'd come. The point was to get approval to build a functional rocket motor. Yeah. So? You were talking like we'd built one already. Because he rejected us. Now we have a chance to change his mind. How? None of our tests have broken 70 feet. This will only prove our incompetence. We'll figure something out between now and then. But what, Jack? Something. This is my career. The top aerodynamicist in America is gonna think I'm an imbecile and a fraud. So you'd prefer we just give up? I just wish that you'd stick to the facts once in a while. I don't understand... You said you'd be getting an answer today. That iswhat I'm saying. We basically did. The professor just needs to make sure we can back up our claims. And if the demonstration goes well, then you'll be approved? Yes. Let's just make this quick, okay? I've got a lot of work to do. Jack, try to be civil. We might get on with them. Doubtful, if they're anything like our other neighbors. Shh. Hi. We're Mr. and Mrs. Parsons from right next door. Okay. We saw you moving in and just wanted to come and introduce ourselves. Normally how this works is you give a name in return. Jack... It's Ernest. I'll take that. It's banana bread. Ho-Homemade. Guess I'm supposed to offer you a slice. No, no. That's okay. It's for you. Is it just you here? I-I noticed your ring. I have a wife... She just isn't here right now. Well, we look forward to meeting her. In fact, we'd love to have you all over for dinner once you get settled. To welcome you to the neighborhood. Well, that'd be swell. "Once the thrill of the hunt had faded, "Wan Hu tried to recapture the rush through other means. "But the ecstasy he felt was fleeting." "Only one thing, and one thing only," "seemed to offer him the escape he was so desperately seeking." "The question now was How could he possibly reach it? "That night, like most others, "Wan Hu slept alone. "Neither the rush of the kill nor the pleasures of love could satisfy his restless longing." Incredible, right? Which part, the virgin bride or the harem of 40 wives? That's not the point of the story. I know. This man wants to glimpse the sublime. Yeah. Exactly. They could make that clear enough without all the lurid detail. Yes, but then who would want to read it? I wonder what's keeping them. Yeah. It's been almost an hour. He said they'd be here. Well, the house is still dark. And the driveway's empty, so... Looks like we've been stood up. It's fine by me. I'm happier just the two of us. Aren't you? Of course. What is it? It's just all those nights you're out with Richard, I'm... You're what? We should eat before it gets any colder. What do you want? Dr. Heath is in your office. He is about to return to the criminals who stole his invention. They are now demanding a king's ransom. How do you know so much? Are you mixed up in this? No. But I believe I could help you if you will cooperate. What could youdo? Think, Commissioner. The Shadow is the one person who might be able to accompany Dr. Heath to his rendezvous... unknown... unseen... in the shadows. That's ridiculous! This is a matter for the police. We can't have... I'm waiting, Commissioner. Well... All right, Shadow, much as I hate to admit it, we're stumped. Jesus, you all right? Hold on. Guess you finally decided to show up. If one word of this gets out, there'll be... My wife invited you over for dinner, remember? Hey. I'm talking to you. I didn't feel like it. You didn't feellike it? I'm trying to find my true path. How can I do that talking about barbecues and lawnmowers? I guess you can't. See, that's what I mean... say what you're reallythinking. What I'm really thinking? I think you're drunk. And even if you weren't, you got a screw loose. Yeah, maybe. You ever been up there? Nope. Really? How long have y'all lived here? Four years. Well, come on. You going up there now? What's the matter, past your bedtime? So, what is it that you do, Jack? I work at a chemical mixing plant. That is about as awful an answer as I've ever heard. It's not all I do. I'm also working on a research project on the side. What kind of research project? On rockets. Like Buck Rogers?- I didn't know anybody did that for real. Not many people do. Look at that. Step outside your yard, never know what you'll find. View's a lot better from up here. I think I'm fine where I am. So, tell me about these rockets. What do you want to know? Tell me how they work. You familiar with Newton's third law of motion? Well, you burn some kind of fuel in a chamber, and the gases produced by the combustion shoot out the only exit available. So the gases go one way, and the rocket goes the other. So there's a part that's trying to burst free and another part that needs to keep it in control. More or less. Here. Think I should be headed back. You know, my teacher always told me there's only two kinds of people in this world. The ones who want to follow the rules, and the ones who want to break them. Yeah? What kind of teacher is that? Only teacher ever taught me anything worth learning. Now, you take all these houses here, with their walls designed to keep us out. Now, why should we obey that? Because the law says we have to. Whose law? What are you doing? There is no law beyond, "Do what thou wilt." Ernest? Ernest? Ernest. Shit. Ernest, stop messing around. Are you trying to get yourself drowned? Okay. Goddamn it. You think that's funny? I figured you'd either come get me or you wouldn't. And what then? You're fucking crazy. You got to admit it really gets the blood flowing, doesn't it? You are gonna have to try better than that. Is that what you wanted? That's what youwanted. Fuck. Son of a bitch. That's it. No matter how hard we pack the fuel, there's gonna be pockets of air. And what do pockets of air lead to? Uneven combustion. You wondered why we're getting such piss-poor results? I have the solution. It occurred to me while drowning in a pool. Methanol? No, liquid fuel is too volatile. I knew you'd say that. But with liquid fuel, there's no air pockets. Where would we even get it? They got tanks of methanol at Caltech, don't they? Roshambo to decide. Evening, ladies. My good pal Richard and I are having a slight difference of opinion. Maybe you can help us settle it. Jack, stop. We need someone to break the tie, don't we? Without getting overly technical, I want to take a calculated risk, but Richard would rather play it safe. Now, what do you think is the better way to go? Between taking a risk and playing it safe? Not much of a choice. Yeah, you only live once. Wise words. Yeah, Richard. Take a risk, why don't you? Did I mention that Richard here is a brilliant student at Caltech and is extremely eligible, unlike yours truly? Play your cards right, and maybe he'll ask one of you out to a steak dinner. Caltech? We don't get to meet a lot of smart guys. I'm not surprised. What he means to say is that... It's okay. I know what he means. Maybe in another life. Hey, don't sweat it. Those girls are nowhere near good enough for you, anyway. Can we please just get back to the task at hand? Gladly. The people have spoken. You ready to give liquid fuel a shot? Well, I'm the only one who can check out supplies from Caltech, so the decision is mine to make, and I say no. You don't get to just decide that. We're partners. The entire demonstration was your idea, which you didn't so much as run past me. So what are you suggesting? We just launch the same way we always do and hope for the best? No. I'm suggesting that we call the whole thing off. To save me from any further embarrassment. I can go back to working on my original thesis. "Characteristics of goddamn propellers"? "Of propeller efficiencies "dependent on variable pitch and shape." Wow. You really don't want to get laid ever. It doesn't have to be exciting. At least it's feasible. And afterwards, there will be gainful employment. "Gainful employment"? We're trying to find a way to send man to the stars. Do you remember how we met? You never let me forget. I didn't beat up those kids who were picking on you 'cause I was bigger, but because I wasn't chickenshit. Do you really want that to be the difference between us? That could work, actually. Yeah, that's what I'm trying to tell you. No, not that. This. What if we did the launch inverted and-and static? Supported by a brace. Why? So we can measure thrust by the push on a pressure gauge. We're trying to send something into space, and you want to point it at the ground? Yes, in order to collect some actual data. You remember what Mesulam said about stepping stones. This way we could show him that we can work in a controlled manner with measurable results. You got to admit I have a point. What choice do I have? If I refuse, you'll just call the whole thing off. Do what thou wilt... shall be the whole of the law. I, Priest and King... take thee, Virgin... pure, without spot. Hey! Hey! Who are you? This is your second notice of delinquency. Should prompt payment not be made, we shall be forced to take more persuasive action. As it is written in Psalm 37, "The wicked borrows but does not pay back, but the righteous is generous and gives." Have you gotten that checked out? It-It's fine. It just flares up every now and then. Well, I'll pay for you to see a doctor. Before I forget, your-your mother wants to know what you're bringing Sunday. I'm not sure we're going to be able to make it... with everything Jack has going on. I see. Well, I was, um, gonna wait and bring this up with you then, but I might as well tell you now. I had another troubling phone call from Mr. Gilroy at the bank. We're only a little behind. As soon as Jack's position at... Yeah, I don't need you to make excuses for your husband. We both know where all of your spare income has been going. And the investment's about to pay off. Right. About to. I would like to have a face-to-face with Jack, make sure that getting caught up with your mortgage is a priority. It is. Yeah, well, I would like to hear your husband say so himself. Even God rested on Sunday. Surely Jack can make time for dinner. Check it. Want to make sure it meets your specifications. It's a few millimeters shy. You asked. Better? It's perfect. Good. God knows we can't afford to take any chances. That's right. Jesus. Maybe a little warning next time? I know it doesn't look it, but this really is a revolutionary approach. Yeah. Just like a bird without wings. I think the professor's gonna be really impressed. You aren't still sore, are you? Did you hear me? Sore? About me shutting down the liquid fuel idea. No hard feelings. I know you're sticking your neck out for this test. I really do appreciate it. That's all right. We never would've gotten this far without your persistence. Ad astra... Per aspera. See you tomorrow. Bright and early. Can I help you? I need to check out some tanks of oxygen and methanol. Are you a student here? No, I'm Harry Houdini. "On the third day of the seventh month, "Wan Hu ordered his servant to attach 52 rockets "to his throne. "He wanted to reach the beyond. "But all his earthly pursuits had failed him. "Now he would travel to the heavens directly. "Though it was fraught with peril, "he had no choice. His destiny was calling." Rise and shine. Shouldn't you be getting ready? Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain returns from Munich. Europe can breathe a sigh of relief as it steps back from the brink of war. I had... another talk with the German chancellor, Herr Hitler. And here is the paper which bears... Hey. I nearly forgot. Found this on the floor of the garage. Must've fallen out. Some of you, perhaps, have already heard what it contains, Must have. But I would just like to read it to you. "And we are determined to continue our efforts "to remove possible sources of difference "and thus to contribute to assure the peace of Europe." You hear that? Maybe it's gonna be a good day all around. There was no sign of British reserve as the crowds fought to get near the premier's car. Susan? Hello, Father. Well, to what do I owe the pleasure? I don't normally see you at morning Mass. Well, this isn't a normal morning. Is everything all right? If you tell me what it is, I could put in a good word. It's an important day for Jack. For both of us, really. We could use all the help we can get. Mr. Parsons is a lucky man, having you advocating for him. Though it might be more effective if he said his own prayers every once in a while. Why the hell were you going so fast? I hope you didn't lose him. There's something I needed to tell you before he gets here. What? You're gonna be a little ticked, but promise you'll let me explain. I can't do that. I don't know what it is. Liquid fuel's gonna get us a better result. I'm certain of it. We agreed. No, we didn't. You decided. How did you even... I fitted the motor with fuel tanks and hoses and calculated the specific impulse... But you're terrible at math, Jack! Then check my work. Quick. Well... No, this is completely wrong. Listen to me, if that motor misfires, we're not gonna get another shot. And if it blows up, we'll all be dead. It's not gonna blow up. Sorry about the heavy foot back there. Just, excited to get going. This better be worth it. Do what thou wilt. The spring mechanism will give us a measurement of thrust. In future tests, we can use it as a baseline, using different fuel mixtures, nozzle and chamber dimensions, trying to zero in on the optimal combination of variables. I appreciate methodology, but this fuel you are using is quite volatile, no? No, no, not really. Richard's worked out all the mathematics. I see. Okay, here we go. Maybe I should do it. I'm the chemical expert, remember? On my count. One... two, three. Sorry. I need to secure that better. Do you really trust this to work? Okay. Second time's the charm. One, two... three. Congratulations. You have made very elaborate cigarette lighter. That's enough. You can't know it's enough till you know what's more than enough. Check the gauge! I-I don't know. It's-it's over 200 pounds. Given the weight of the rocket, that's enough thrust to reach the ionosphere, if it were pointed in the right direction. Perhaps I have, underestimated you. What the hell are you doing?! You trying to get yourself killed? Come on. Susan? Susan! Susan, where the devil are you? We did it. We proved it could be done. No matter what Caltech decides. We got to celebrate. Come on. What do we have to drink? Someone left something on our door. What? What could it possibly mean? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 