Chappelle's Show: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chappelle's Show 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chappelle's Show (2003–2006): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 Dave's funny crack addict, Tyrone Biggums, returns in a funny skit. Plus Dave takes a look at racism among Hollywood's top animal stars. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Chappelle's Show ♪ ♪ Chappelle's Show ♪ ♪ Chappelle's Show ♪ ♪ Ow!♪ ♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪ ♪ Whoo-hoo ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ Let's start the show. [cheering and applauding] [announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 put your hands together for Dave Chappelle! Man... Thank you so much. Thanks for joining us, you guys. Welcome back to another episode of Chappelle's Show. Now, a lot of us go to the movies and they seem a little fake, don't they? And, certain moments, you can't suspend your disbelief. Crocodile Dundee, for example. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Remember when the brother come up and, "Give me your money, Crocodile Dundee." [Australian accent] "Oh, that's not a knife. This is a knife." Any black dude in New York would have been like, "Well, then this is a gun." The point is, those movies are phony-baloney, so tonight I bring to you the real versions of some of my favorite movies. One of my favorite love movies, Ghost. Where you find that even the afterlife can't separate you from true love. [audience laughing] [crying] Molly... Molly, Molly. Hey, Molly, your husband's clothes fit funny, girl. Well, they look better on you than they ever did on him. Why don't you take 'em off? -Not a bad idea. -Mm-hmm. You ready to get some of this lovin'? [Molly] You bet your ass I am. It's my dumb-ass husband who's dead, not me. You ready to step into the jungle? [Molly] Ooh, yeah! What do you say? [Dave] Oh, man! -Molly! Oh, nigga, you know I see you. You know... Yeah, I'm looking right at you. You, the ghost, nigga, I see you. You're freaky, man. You like to watch? You wanna watch? How this make you feel? Whoo! [laughing] Hey, man, life's got to go on, right? Life's got to go on, life's got to go on. Now, I don't want to pick on everybody else without, uh, making fun of myself, so... Let's take a look at the, uh, real version of a little movie called Half Baked, where... [audience applauding] I think we all know the story, friend gets locked in jail, then his three friends have to sell reefer to make the bail. -Yo, Thurgood. -Aah! Yo, wake up, man. Yo, Kenny didn't come home last night, B. We're really worried, man. Yo, he's in jail, yo. -Jail? -Yeah. I got it. Why don't I break into the lab where I'm working? They got weed there, I'll steal it, we can sell it, and we'll make his bail. -[scoffs] -I don't want to do that. -No, man. -No. Alright. Y'all wanna smoke some weed? -Yeah! -Hell, yeah, B! Wassup? Kenny's on his own, then. We need a new roommate! Yo, fuck Kenny, B. I hope he gets fucked in his butt in jail! Booty-fuck Kenny, man. [applauding] Knock, knock. [audience] Who's there? Some skits, biatch! [narrator] The year was 1955, and Danny Corey had never had sex. In fact, he had never even kissed a girl. but all his rookie inexperience gave him one clear advantage, a total lack of fear. When you're that young and horny, you got nothing to lose. [narrator] During a screening of Rebel Without a Cause, Corey had a brilliant idea. Using his Boy Scout pocket knife, He quickly carved a hole in the popcorn tub, to give his date more than just popcorn. This is a brilliant move. Notice that he bought the large tub of corn, he bought butter, he arranges it on his lap, smiles at her, and this is where it happens, right... here! She realizes what she's touching and continues. Brilliant... Just brilliant! The "Penis in the Popcorn" is a classic That has set a new standard for reckless and desperate men everywhere. And we, including myself... because that's how I got this... Wish to thank Danny Corey. [narrator] Danny Corey would go down as a hook-up legend, joining Harvey Randolph, the inventor of the "We Are Out Of Gas" move, and Joey Newsom, the inventor of the seemingly platonic sleepover that ends in dry-humping and, eventually, insertion. All of them great men, all of them pioneers. This has been, Great Moments in Hook-Up History. Alright, y'all, look, we're gonna take a quick commercial break. We'll be right back with more Chappelle's Show. Man, I'm bored. I gotta go to the Chappelle's Show. Good evening, I'm Kent Wallace. Since its inception, Hollywood has often been accused of racism. but is it racist? And if so, who are the culprits? Frontline embarked on a journey to answer these questions and what we uncovered... may shock you. [Kent] For years, Rin Tin Tin was adored by countless Americans for his TV exploits. -Who stole the silver? -[barking] Twelve of them? Good boy, Rin. [narrator] His acts of heroism and undying loyalty to his master were his trademarks. That is, until recent allegations surfaced. This is Justin Wilkes, a security guard in Montgomery, Alabama. For three decades, he has waged a personal crusade against the canine star. That dog that you call "Rin Tin Tin", I call "Racist". I saw the dog. I said, "Where do I know this dog from?" And it hit me. Selma, Alabama, 1957 riots, in front of Woolworth! So, you're saying that's you in the classic civil rights footage. Okay, see, that's a discrepancy right there. What you calling "classic civil rights footage," I call "footage of me getting bit on my ass by a German Shepherd from Dusseldorf, Germany." If you would like to see, there's actually bite marks on my ass that can prove it. [Kent] We hunted down the dental records of the dog who played Rin Tin Tin. A few days later, Mr. Wilkes returned, and a canine dental expert compared the records with his scar. This is, uh, most definitely a match right here. What I say? Come on, what did I say? That opened the floodgates. In subsequent weeks, more African-Americans came forward with similar accusations against iconic animals, breaking decades of silence. Mr. Ed. I worked with him for two years. That disgusting, bigot-ass horse! Mr. Ed, take four. Oh, I better get out of here. [Mr. Ed] Took ya l-l-long enough, n-n-nigger. I'll cut you, I'mma cut you, do you hear me? [Mr. Ed] Boys, get her away from me! I know where you live, Mr. Ed. I'm gonna cut you. [Kent] There were also many rumors of his off-camera activities. Frontline was sent, anonymously... This picture with this not-so-subtle note attached, "Dear Frontline, this is Mr. Ed." But worse than Mr. Ed, worse even than Rin Tin Tin, were the accusations lobbed at Flipper. It's James, the nigger-hating dolphin! Get out! [dolphin squeaking] Shocking. Unfortunately, none of the animals in question are alive to offer a rebuttal. However, the estate of Mr. Ed did issue this statement, "We deeply regret the way Mr. Ed was taken advantage of by the Klan. If it's any consolation, his best friend was The Black Stallion." Next time on Frontline, we expose racist Hollywood automobiles, and hear disturbing audio from the hit TV show Knight Rider. [KITT] Puerto Ricans are lazy, Michael. I'm Kent Wallace. Good night. [cheering and applauding] Ever see that movie with Mel Gibson, uh, What Women Want, where he could read women's minds? See, that's the kind of movie you could only do with a guy like Mel Gibson. You couldn't do the opposite of that movie, What Men Want, 'cause it'd be too gross and disgusting. I wonder what it'd look like? Well, let's take a look at what it'd look like. [elevator bell dings] [man] Man, if I could just slide a finger down the crack of that ass. [man 1] Oh, mama. [man 2] I wish my boys could see this. [man 3] Damn, look at the ass on that one. [man 4] I want to have doggy-style sex with her, ugh. [man 5] Damn! [man 1] Look at them nipples, man. [elevator bell dings] [boy] I would put a hurtin' on that bitch. Damn! [elevator bell dings] [laughing] And on that note, we're gonna take a quick commercial break. We'll be right back, everybody, with more Chappelle's Show. Stick around. Okay. ♪ Turn on your TV ♪ Oh, man, thanks. You know, way back on the second episode, I did this piece about a, uh, a crack addict coming to a drug-awareness week at a school. I got a lot of complaints about it. I got a lot of letters about it. A lot of people said I was insensitive, so... I brought him back again to the show. Make some noise. Tyrone Biggums. Okay, okay, remember now, we're not here to judge anybody, we want to handle this with love, right? You want to tell him how his drug abuse has hurt you, and he hurt himself, okay? Harold, what time did you tell him to be here? Five o'clock, but he always late. [woman] No, he'll be here... in three, two, one... Is this the five o'clock free crack giveaway? ♪ He's been away for a while But he's back around... ♪ Y'all tell anybody, I'll kill ya! I'll kill ya! ♪ The kookiest crackhead In the town... ♪ Peanut butter and crack sandwich. ♪ He kicked his habit Back in the joint... ♪ Look out, crack, here I come! [thudding] ♪ He's finally home, he's Tyrone ♪ [narrator] This week, Tyrone gets invited to an intervention. Oh, ya... Lock the door, good idea. Hey. Okay, Tyrone, do you know why you're here? Mm-hmm, I'm here for same reasons you is, man, I want some crack. [chuckles] -Crack. -[counsellor] Okay, Tyrone, we are not giving crack away today. -Uh-uh... -No, no. -What time is it? -It's five o'clock. Did I miss the five o'clock free crack giveaway? Tyrone... Tyrone, these are your friends here, and they have something they'd like to say to you. I've been tricked! Okay, Tyrone, I'm what is known as an intervention counselor. -Oh! -Yeah. And these people would like to talk to you about your drug use. What are you talking about, man? I don't do drugs. What y'all tell him, huh? Come on, Benedict Arnolds! What y'all tell him? Okay, Rhonda, would you like to go first? [Tyrone] This is ridiculous! What is going on in here? Do we get crack at the end? Tyrone, you know I love you, but I feel like drugs is hurting you and they're hurting me. Tyrone, I was very hurt that you carjacked me that time. What you talking about, Rhonda? I would never carjack that ugly-ass car. [man] Get out the car! [Rhonda] Tyrone, what are you doing? Who's Tyrone, huh? I don't know Tyrone! No, it's you with your crusty-ass lips! Stop playin', Rhonda, get out the car! Get out the car! I don't know any Tyrone! Look, the police found you three hours later in my car, asleep, high on crack. That's impossible, Rhonda. How can you sleep if you're high on crack, hmm? It's a Chinese riddle for you. [counsellor] Okay, let's have, uh, Jenny and Rob. [Tyrone] I ain't do that, Rhonda. Tyrone, we opened our home to you. You let your addiction lead you to abuse our trust. Oh, Jenny, Rob, look, y'all, it's me you're talking to, I... I would never hurt you. Oh, don't play dumb with us, Tyrone. I remember the whole speech. I just need $200, I take these real estate classes, and I'm back on my feet, baby. I'm serious, Rob, it's me, baby, it's Tyrone. I'm cleaning up my act. -Okay. -Tyrone! Rob, Jenny, y'all ain't gonna be sorry about this. Oh! [Tyrone] I studied my ass off for that real estate test. [screaming] We're off to my mother's. We'll be back Sunday evening. The number's on the fridge if you need anything. Okay, bye, Jenny. Bye, Rob. [Tyrone] I passed my test and was a certified real estate agent. Good for you, Tyrone. Yeah, damn right, good for him. [Rob] He sold our house and kept the money. $450,000! Where's the money, Tyrone? He spent it on a party. Took out an ad for it in the paper. [Tyrone] You didn't get your invitation for that party? Oh, Rob, you should have seen it, we had a pile of crack this high. -I had a heart attack. -Heart attack, yeah. I'll give you a heart attack! -Rob, Rob, Rob! -[Tyrone] Rob! Come on, come on, come on. I'm getting a restraining order against you, Rob. Harold, why don't you go next? Alright. Tyrone, I'm here because I love you. Well, if you love me so much, Harold, why'd you get me fired from the post office, huh? Do you know how many people on your route complained of receiving open mail? Seven? A hundred and thirty-six, Tyrone. And then there was the incident with the powder. [sniffing] Oh! Attention, everybody, Be on the lookout for any envelopes marked "Senator Tom Daschle" or "Tom Brokaw". It might contain anthrax. For your information, that's a little white powder. Harold, is anthrax bad? -Yes, Tyrone. -Oh. And if it fell into the wrong hands, it could be big trouble. I got that anthrax and it's the bomb, baby. Sixty bucks! If that man hadn't turned you in, it would've been a disaster. Y'all act like crack is so bad! Well, like the Good Book says, "Let he who is without sin, throwe-th the first rock and I shal-t smoke-th it." Basically, Tyrone, we would like you to check into rehabilitation immediately. Oh! Alright, okay. Fine, fine. You know what? I need to get better, y'all are right. But first step is first, I need to go to the bathroom, And then I'm on my way to recovery, Rhonda. I got the key. And that wasn't me, Rhonda! Go to the bathroom! [Tyrone] Okay, thank... I've got it from here, thank you. I'll be right out. Oh! Oh, why didn't they say there ain't no windows in here? Oh! Here goes nothin'! [toilet flushing] Drugs have... ruined my life! ♪ He's finally home, He's Tyrone ♪ We're gonna take a quick commercial break, but don't worry, we'll be right back with more Chappelle's Show. ♪ Chappelle's Show ♪ ♪ Ow! ♪ I'd like to thank my studio audience for hangin' out, and, of course, I'd like to thank you at home. God bless ya. And I'll see ya next week. God bless America! [cheering and applauding] -[man] I'm rich, biatch! -[horn honking] [woman] Hi, thank you. We're really worried about him, Thurgood. What happened to him? Yo, he's in jail, yo. Oh, my God, jail. Hey, hey, why don't we break into that lab where I work? They got weed there. We'll sell the weed and make his bail. -No. -No, man. Yo, why don't we sell crack, yo? -Yeah. -Right? That's a lot more lucrative. Hell, yeah, baby. We can grab some booty. We're gonna sell some crack. Crack, it is! We're crack dealers, man! Yo, let's be crackheads, yo. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 