Chappelle's Show: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chappelle's Show 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chappelle's Show (2003–2006): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 Dave debuts Samuel Jackson beer, shows us how much cooler life would be if everything were in slow motion and reveals the latest picks in "The Racial Draft". 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Chappelle's Show ♪ ♪ Chappelle's Show Chappelle's Show ♪ ♪ Chappelle's Show Chappelle's Show ♪ ♪ Oww ♪ ♪ Woo-hoo hoo ♪ ♪ Woo-hoo ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ Let's start the show. [waiter] What'll it be, guys? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'll have a scotch on the rocks. - I'll have a Samuel Adams. I'll have a Samuel Jackson. You know something? I'll have a Samuel Jackson, too. Me three. [all laughing] [waiter] Three Samuel Jacksons coming right up. Good motherfuckin' choice, motherfucker. Samuel Jackson, made painstakingly by me, Samuel L. Jackson. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It'll get you drunk! You'll be fuckin' fat girls in no time! You might even fight a nigga or two! Mmm-mmm, bitch! How's it taste, motherfucka'? Huh? Can you stop yelling at me, please? No, I can't stop yelling, 'cause that's how I talk! You ain't never seen my movies? Juice, that was a good one! Deep Blue Sea! They ate me, a fucking shark ate me! Drink, bitch! Jurassic Park! Samuel Jackson, it's my beer! "Yes, they deserved to die and I hope they burn in hell!" [man] Dave Chappelle...! [Cheers & applause] - Oh, that's right! That's right! That's right! Hey! That's right. What's up, y'all? Welcome back-- ohh. Come on, now, calm down. We don't have that much time. Thank you. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, you are seeing correctly, I am smoking on television. I am smoking indoors, you know why? Because I didn't vote for Bloomberg. Those of you across the nation who don't know who Bloomberg is, he is the mayor of this great city of New York. I'm fighting! Somebody's got to do it. You know, this Bloomberg guy has messed everything up! Cigarettes are $8 a pack! That's crack prices! People gonna be sucking dicks for cigarettes soon! It's ridiculous. And then once you buy a pack, you can't even smoke inside. I can't stand it anymore. I can't stand it, I'm fighting! [woman] Whoo!! That's right! It's in my blood. I have no choice but to fight, I'm a genetic dissenter. That's right, it's in my genes to dissent. I'll show you a tape of my history. Damn, Bloomberg is fucking up. Man, Carter is fucking up. Damn, Truman is fucking up. Man, Lincoln is fucking up. Son, white folks in general is fucking up. Shhh, they coming. Man, the chief's fucking up. Hey, y'all, look. It's a boat with some white people on it. Y'all wait here, I'm gonna see what they want. Man... I fucked up. Now, a lot of people say, "Dave, if everybody else is messing up so bad, what you think, you can do better?" Yes, I do. That's why I'm gonna run for mayor or something. That's right. [applause & cheering] Maybe governor or something else, you never know. I made a campaign ad, too, and I'll show it to you right now. This is my first campaign ad, it'll be on the air soon. Although America is the greatest nation in the world, we still face many modern problems. And modern problems require modern solutions. Health care is in shambles. Medicaid doesn't work, and the insurance industry has made medicine virtually unaffordable. Meanwhile, our neighbors in Canada have free health care for all their citizens. So what am I suggesting? Fake Canadian I.D. cards for all Americans. If you get sick, run on up to Canada and get yourself checked out. I'm Dave Chappelle, and I want to represent you. We're gonna take a quick commercial break. We'll be right back with more Chappelle's Show. Don't go anywhere. ♪ Chappelle's Show ♪ ♪ Oww! ♪ Although America is the greatest nation in the world, we still face many modern problems. And modern problems require modern solutions. Teen pregnancy is a huge problem in this country. Now, what we need are more programs in place that promote abstinence. My solution? Have every high school principal have sex with the oldest teacher in the school in front of the students. And make sure you rub them both with mayonnaise to accentuate the sound of their old flesh flapping together. This powerful image is sure to be a deterrent that the children will never forget. Goddamn, that's gross. I'm Dave Chappelle, and I want to represent you. You know, folks, since I've been doing this show a lot of rappers have been asking me to be in their videos. Which is nice, but they always want me to do dumb stuff. Like, I'll be like, "What I gotta do, Snoop?" "Okay, here it is, Dave, it's a club scene and like, you was dancing and you slip on a banana peel and your face lands in some doo doo-- splat. Now, you rolling around, got dookie all over you. And then here I come with my gators on. My now and later gators step over ya. And all you see is me walking off in slow motion." It's like-hold up, nigga, why can't I be the one in slow motion? I'm tired of being the one in the doo-doo. Everything looks better in slow motion. This is the truth. For instance, here's a tape of me doing my laundry. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Hey, how you doing, Mrs. Kim? Nothing funny about that. [Laughter] But why don't we see me do my laundry... In slow motion. [ Sadeness playing] [audience laughing & applauding] [audience laughing] [audience laughing & applauding] [audience laughing] [cheers & applause] Crazy. All right... I like it in videos, whenever you see a club scene club scene is always in slow motion. You know why? 'Cause it's gotta be. 'Cause it sucks to be in a club in regular life. Check it out, this is what it looks like to be at a club normally. Hey, come on, man! Excuse me, excuse me. The robot? You make me sick. [All gasping] Sorry about-- Oh! He's so corny! Terrible, terrible what they did to me. Why don't we take a look at that in slow motion, though. [techno music] [audience laughing] [audience laughing] [audience laughing & applauding] [Slow motion] I wanna suck your... [audience laughing] [All gasping] [heart beating in slow motion] [audience laughing] [audience laughing & applauding] [Slow motion] Me so horny... [man in audience] Yeah! [Cheers & applause] Much better. That was much better. Of course, we gotta remember this concept is not across the board. It doesn't work with everything, just most things. Some things look worse in slow motion. Like, for instance, here's a tape of me taking a shit. It happens. [Farts] [Dave] Oh, ho ho... Pretty disgusting. Let's see that same shit in slow motion. [Loud gurgle] [Explosion] [cheers & applause] People be mad about it, like, R. Kelly, I seen R. Kelly in a Chicago. He was mad at me. "There ain't no punch line to that, that thing is mad. How you gonna make a video about peeing on somebody?" Nigga, how you gonna make a video about peeing on somebody? And on that note, take a quick commercial break and we'll be right back for some more Chappelle's Show. Welcome back to Chappelle's Show. America's #1 source for offensive comedy. You know what's cool about being an American? We're all mixed up. I'm talking about genetically. We've all got a little something in us, right? And in some people, it's more than others. And that's when we get to arguing. For instance, my wife is Asian. I'm Black, and we argue... About which half of Tiger Woods is hitting the ball so good. Derek Jeter is another guy like that. Halle Berry is somebody else. We've gotta stop arguing about who was what. We need to just settle this once and for all, we need to have a draft. That's right, I said it. Good evening, and welcome to the first and maybe only racial draft here in New York City. Folks, this is for all the marbles. What happens here will state the racial standing of these Americans once and for all. That's right. And the crowd is here to support their races. Well, Rob, some of the biggest names in sports and in entertainment are on the line tonight. And I'm excited to see who's gonna be drafted by which race. Seated behind me on the stage there, are the various representatives. And, believe it or not the Blacks have actually won the first pick. Wow, that's the first lottery a Black person's won in a long time, Billy. Yes, and they'll probably still complain. [chuckling together] Man, fuck you. Well, the Black representative is heading for the microphone now, why don't we take a listen. We of the Black delegation... Choose Tiger Woods. [Cheering] [Rob] No surprises there, fellas. The richest and most dominant athlete in the world. His father Black, his mother Thai. Well, that doesn't matter anymore because now he is officially Black. Dave, the Asians have got to be upset. [Dave] There's no question about that, Rob. But you gotta think about it. He's been discriminated against in his time, he's had death threats, and he dates a white woman. Sounds like a Black guy to me. Tiger's taking the stage now, and if you ask me, he's looking Blacker already. Ah, I'd like to say, a tremendous opportunity for me. To finally be part of a race and have a home. I've been so confused if I'm half Asian, so many things. So long, fried rice, hello fried chicken. I love you guys! [Cheers & applause] Ah, I always wanted to say this... For shizzle. Ha ha. Well, it seems as though Tiger Woods is happy to be Black and that's a good thing because I just received word that he lost all his endorsements. Ooh, that's a tough one. Oh, Amex, Tag Heuer, Wheaties the whole shebang-a-bang. Tough break, nigga, there's always FUBU. All right, coming up now are the Jews. Many have speculated about their pick. But I'm guessing they're gonna pick Madonna and finish off the job Kabbalah started. Yes, well, Rob, she was born and raised Catholic then she became a whore, but over the last decade she has studied the Kabbalah. And she even wrote a Kabbalah children's book. [Dave] Oh, here come the Jews. Why don't we take a look downstairs. Today, we, the Jewish people take... Lenny Kravitz. Wow, in a surprise move the Jews pick Lenny Kravitz, folks. He's actually half-Black and half-Jewish. His mother was on "the Jeffersons", a pivotal show in Black culture. And his father, a Jew, was her lawyer. Heh, couldn't make that up. Well, Lenny is all Jewish now. Unfortunately, Lenny can't make it here to accept. He's in Miami beach. Well, he must have gotten that news about being Jewish early. Miami beach? Ha ha ha... [Dave] All right, the Latins are up now. Why don't we all take an Escucha to their pick. We, the Latinos, choose... Elian Gonzalez. I don't understand that one. We wanted to do this before the white people try to adopt him as one of their own... Again. [Loud cheering] Okay... Guess who's turn it is? White people. Let's see what direction they go in. Halle Berry is still available, as is Mariah Carey's crazy ass. - Cracker... [Coughing] - That's very mature, Rondell. Thank you all, good afternoon. [Booing] Excuse me. [Clears throat] Pardon me. Hey, will you cut the malarkey? Okay, I'm talking. There's a white man talking up here! Silencio ! [Booing continues] Ungowa! Thank you-- Damn it. We, the white delegation, are very proud to announce our pick this year, Colin Powell! What? Colin Powell is not white. He's not even an Eighth White. He's 100% Black. Last I heard. Wow, I gotta wonder how the Blacks are gonna be taking this one. We, the Black delegation, accept the white delegation's offer to draft Colin Powell, on the condition that they also accept Condoleezza Rice as a part of the deal. By the power invested in me, by white people everywhere We accept. You got yourself a goddamn deal. [Cheering] The Black delegation requests Eminem. Wait a goddamn minute, Rondell, that's not part of the bargain. I'm hustling, baby. All right, well, no hustling me. You're talking to the ultimate hustler. I tell you what. Let's make all things fair, we keep Eminem... You get O. J. Simpson. Yeah! [Dave] Incredible! A first round absolutely chock full of surprises. Unbelievable, Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice now officially white. O. J. Black again. What a day. You know, if white people knew they were gonna get away with picking a Black person, I bet they would have picked Oprah. Oh, well, absolutely, Rob. Thick thighs, no felonies, she definitely would have been a great pickup. Okay, the Chinese delegation is up next. Although they're the last, they've been waiting with zen-like patience. My guess is Yao Ming. He's been spending a lot of time with Blacks learning slang and shit-talking. If they're not careful, they might lose him. The Asian delegation chooses... The RZA, the GZA, U-God Inspectah Deck, Ghostface Killah, the Wu-Tang Clan! [announcer] Oh, my God! Oh, my God! But I have just heard it with my own two ears. This is, by far, the biggest upset of the night. The Chinese delegation pulling a fast one and choosing the entire Wu-Tang Clan. - Brooklyn! This is big boss, Yorkers. We always been a fan of the kung fu and the Chinese culture, and shit. So, yo, it's like bong-bong, you know. Yeah, I wanna remind everybody to, um, diversify your bonds. RZA got an announcement to make. Oh, yeah, Ol' Dirty has now changed his name from "Dirt McGirt", to "The Old Dirty Chinese restaurant". [Chanting] Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang.. Konichiwa, bitches. Folks, thanks for joining us on this incredible night. Our coverage ends here, but be sure to catch the rest on our website. Congratulations to all the races. And Konichiwa bitches. We're gonna take a quick commercial break. But don't go nowhere, we'll be right back with more Chappelle Show. Okay! I'd like to thank each and every one of you for being here tonight, and I'd like to thank everybody at home for watching. And hopefully I'll see you next week. I'm out. [Cheers & applause] [Chappelle] I'm rich, biatch! [Horn honks] - Hi, thank you. How's it taste, motherfucker? Huh? Will you stop yelling at me? No I can't stop yelling at you! This is my acting style! You haven't seen my movies? Jackie Brown! Star Wars! The one where I say, "yes, they deserve to die and I hope they burn in hell!" I was in that, too! I was in Juice, with Tupac Shakur! Juice, nigga! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 