Hellsing Ultimate: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellsing Ultimate 
 s1e2 - Hellsing Ultimate, Vol. 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellsing Ultimate (2006–2012): Season 1, Episode 2 - Hellsing Ultimate, Vol. 2 - full transcript 
 Alucard, Walter, and Seras defend Sir Integra and the Round Table Conference from an attacking ghoul army led by the Valentine Brothers. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass. The grass withereth, and the flower thereof falleth away. But my words will endure forever. Have I been... Defeated? That's right, you have been defeated. This is no nightmare from which you'll soon awaken. Gone is your castle and principality. Your loyal minions -- dead to the last. The Host's mark, too, leaves her precious flesh. She shall never become yours. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Count... You have nothing left! You pathetic No-Life King... You've nothing. Nothing! A dream? I was dreaming...? How absurd. What's the meaning of this, Integra? The fact that you've called a round-table conference... Must mean something quite momentous happened. Sir Hellsing. Indeed. The number of vampire incidents these past few months has been unprecedented. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We can't keep this quiet anymore. There's only so much information we can suppress. Have you made any discoveries? That I have. Concerning all the vampires and ghouls we've recently vanquished... A thorough investigation revealed... And what would that be? A transmitter. Or something similar to that. These were implanted throughout the vampires' bodies. It's used to monitor their status, behaviour, movement, and aggression-- --Or so our investigation seems to suggest. What!? This chain of incidents is no natural occurence. It's clear someone is pulling the strings. Vampires... And one other thing... What? -There's more? What? It's the ghouls. Traditionally, ghouls were the result of vampire attacks on the unchaste... But not in this case. Of all the recent incidents, not one of them became a vampire. Even young boys and girls -- obviously virgins -- were turned into ghouls. In addition, ghouls are supposed to be destroyed when their master is killed. However, in this most recent incident in Badrick, the Vatican's Father Anderson had already killed the head vampire... And yet, the place was swarming with ghouls when we sent in our men. What are you getting at? Whoever is behind these incidents, they know vampires and ghouls well-- --just as we do. Walter... What is this? Well, that would be a coffin. And wh-why is it in my room? It is at Sir Integra's command. "Vampires have to sleep in coffins." To quote her verbatim. What about my bed? Ah yes, I took the liberty of disposing of it for you. Walter... Furthermore, the following order comes directly from Alucard... Master? -Yes. Master? Since becoming a vampire... ...you have yet to drink a drop of blood. So you must at least sleep in a coffin in the soil where you were born. Otherwise, your powers will weaken. Do you still refuse to drink? You feeble little twerp. Master. You chose the night. Once you've forsaken then sun and stepped towards the night, there is no return. Lord Alucard -- I was just about to bring this to you. Well, well... The 13mm Anti-Freak combat pistol, Jackal. Unlike the .454 Casull you've been using, this uses a new type of custom rounds. 39cm long, weighing 16kg with a six-round magazine. It's far too unwieldy for a human. Charge? 13mm explosive core. The casings? Made from pure Macedonium silver. And the tips? Explosive? Mercury? Mercury tips, blessed in advance. It's perfect, Walter. My utmost thanks. With this I bet I could even take down Anderson. Wow, that thing's amazing! Seras, we also redesigned your weapon. A 30mm Anti-Midian cannon, the Harkonnen. There are two types of ammo... ...depleted uranium shells and armor piercing incendiary rounds. It can function as an anti-tank rifle, eliminating all targets both on land and in the air. Wha-wha-wha-wha-wha-wha-... What the bloody hell!? And his buddy was a doctor or somethin'. An orthopedist, ya know. The patients were all freaking out. Even when I opened up his head with his brains all glistening-- --whenever I asked him something he answered! Then afterwards I replaced his brain with a plastic one. Boo! It's a monster! Like that brother? You're being loud. You're always too loud before we do a job. Just be cool, quiet and do the job. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that shit again. I hear you, man, loud and clear. Failure's not an option. Failure? Not a chance. This is gonna be a cakewalk. Look here, you two. This is a restricted area. Ah, I'm so sorry. We're part of a sightseeing tour, sir. You blokes ain't open to the public? This is private property. You must leave at once. Sure, sure. You look pale. Sure you're alright? Ciao. Cease fire!! Stop! Stop, god damn it! Bro, these zombies are a buncha dumbasses. You sure 'bout them? They're an experiment. Just a bunch of worthless cannon fodder. To him we're probably all nothing more than cogs in the machine. Experiment, huh? Works for me, man. Worthless... Who gives a fuck, so long as we get to kill and drink the spill... Hellsing? Alucard? What the fuck ever. We're gonna wipe you all out! What is it?! What's going on, Integra? This is the main guard post, Sir Integra! What? What's happening? The enemy! We're under attack! What did you just say!? We can't make contact with the outside! We're currently engaged at the main ground floor entryway!! Hold them off! Buy us some time! Roger, roger that! Tell me, who are they!? How many are there!? Give me some details!! They're... They're ghouls! Damn it, why won't they die!? Up, up! Down, down! Left, right, left, right! We get to use god mode and cheat. Hot damn this gives me such a stiffy!! An army... of ghouls!? Just buy us some time. Evacuating us is the top priority. Secure the root to the helicopter! What was that sound? I think that was the helicopter being destroyed! So we're cut off... Sir Integra! We're done for! They're, they're... Guard!! What's going on?! Hey! Hello, hello! Can you hear me? Greetings to you dudes at the round table. Are you listenin' too, you hellbitch whore -- Little Miss Hellsing? We're the Valentine brothers. I'm the little brother Jan, good-day to ya. We're right in the middle of a late lunch over here. You Hellsing members are quite tasty. Your cute little soldiers are going to become our poo. We're gonna come ice you chaps, now. Pissed yer pants? Prayed to god? Are you ready to hunker down in a corner and beg for mercy? Hey, you probably still have time to kill yourselves, how about it? See ya around! I love you all! What is going on here, Integra? The ghouls came to our headquarters... The enemy is coming. Intelligence appears to have been leaked. You don't seem too concerned! Walter, where are you? In Miss Seras' room downstairs. I am aware of the situation. It will be about four to five hours before the military police notice this mess and deploy. Until then we must dig our heels in and protect the council room. What do you advise? There is only one way into the conference room. Defend that one exit. Since I have Alucard and Miss Seras here... We will split into two groups, one of which will come to your defense. And the other will be the offense, how does that sound? How will you get here? The path is littered with ghouls. Ten years ago, how did you reach Alucard underground? The ventilation shafts!? Correct. Just wait, we'll be there shortly. Walter... Those bastards ate my men. They will not get away with this. Do not let them leave this place alive. But of course, my dear Sir Integra. Walter, the Angel of Death, rides again? Umm... What do you mean? You'll find out soon enough. The oldster and the rookie joining forces, what a fitting team. Looks like we'll have a little fun this time. Aren't there any normal people in this outfit? Much too loud. What? Hello, hello, bro? Can you hear me? This is Jan, conqueror and murderer of the Hellsing Army. The first and second floors are all cleared. Now we just gotta bust into the council room on the third floor... And beat down that damn woman and those geriatrics. Proceed as planned. Don't let your guard down. I'm about to move towards the basement. Time to see just how strong you are. Alucard. What in God's name is going on here!? The enemy is coming. Soon. The first two floors have fallen, along with the roof. We have nowhere left to run. Who is going to take responsibility for-- Sir Penwood. This is not the time for such things. If the time comes, we must defend ourselves. Isn't that right, Integra? Sir. But aren't they ghouls? Armed ghouls, at that. It's no use... We're all... all going to die. An ass? Are you alright, Miss Seras? Seras! Walter! I'm sorry I'm late... Our defenses have almost been annihilated. We never anticipated the tactic of arming a group of ghouls... I don't know who thought it up, but... They're not too shabby. Walter, give it to me straight... Is this the end for us? No! Not in the least! Compared to what the first Sir Hellsing had to deal with a century ago... This is hardly what I'd call a pinch. It will be an ambush -- Alucard from the basement, and us from the third floor. No, make that a sortie. As you ordered, my lady. We won't let one of these vermin escape from this place. Let us teach that brat just how expensive a Hellsing education can be. They've got some good leaf here. Shit, this pisses me off, it really pisses me off. There's just too big a class division in England. I'm not gonna let that bitch die easy. I've got to teach her ass what it's like coming from the bottom of society. I know you're there. Even if you hide, I can sense your wonderful power. Even if I hide? I'm not running or hiding. I just got a bit tired waiting for you. It's an honor to finally meet you -- the "great Alucard." I am Luke Valentine... An admirer of yours. Little Hellsing... I'm coming for you. I'll rape you, then kill you, then I'll fuck your corpse one more time. I'll kill all of you. Burn all of the remains. We're coming and we're not leaving 'til we're done, okay? I missed... I guess I'm not as sharp as I used to be. Walter C. Dornes, Hellsing family butler. Former Hellsing Cleaner. Fire! Too slow. Ghouls are only ghouls, in the end. Putting their persistence to work was a good idea... But this army's far from immortal or invincible. Have you pissed your pants? Prayed to God? Are you ready to hunker down in a corner and beg for mercy? This's how it should be! I was just starting to think this was too fuckin' easy! March!! Miss Seras... Commence direct fire support. Okay... Second volley! The incendiary rounds with the VT fuse! Right down the center of the enemy line! Yes, sir! You little shits!! Eat this, old man! You... Eat this! Walter, are you okay!? Ah, ow-ow-ow, that hurts! Just not as sharp as I used to be. But wherever did you learn that? Well, you know, I was a police girl... You bitch!! You're a vampire, aren't you? I didn't hear nothing about someone like you in Hellsing. Who the hell are you!? I'm asking the questions. What's your objective? Who's pulling the strings? Uh, I just happened to be passing by, I don't know anything. Forgive me? No? Next will be your left hand, brat. This is the objective. Bust up the secret organization Hellsing, and all the guys at the round table. And then, completely destroy Alucard. That's what we were told. "We?" Did I hear you say "we," you little bastard? You sure did. Right now my big brother's kickin' the shit out of Alucard. I've heard your name many, many times now. Alucard. So strong it's unreal. and they say you're inhuman, and have spilled oceans of blood. A night walker... A creature of darkness, purer than the night. I can see now that all of the rumors about you are true. When I was a human, I feared you. And when I was no longer human, I looked up to you. I pursued you -- the master of eternal youth -- a shadow looming within the darkness. How worthless. There's no such thing as eternal youth in this world. Exactly. The legend of your immortality ends today. I will kill you, and fulfill my dream. I'm not like those instants you've fought before. I'll replace you as the new number one! I was born for this day. Check. What's... with that... gun? What wonderful reflexes. I thought I told you not to lump me in with those you've fought before. I have all the abilities you vampires have. No! I have more than you! We were born just to kick the hell out of all of you. So just curl up and die. What can you do from down there? You really are a senile old fuck, mate! The curtain's risin' on the cannibalism show. Hope you enjoy it! What the hell... The party's just started. No you don't! Welcome to Hellsing. Wha--? What in the hell...? He's not even trying to dodge my bullets. Is he immortal? No, there's no such thing as immortality in this world! He's definitely more injured than I am. I can beat him. I can beat... The great Alucard! This is glorious, I haven't had this much fun in ages. What was your name again? Luke Valentine... Luke Valentine, I classify you as a Category A vampire. Releasing control art restriction levels three, two and one. Situation A -- The Cromwell Approval is now in effect. Hold release until target is silenced. I shall now educate you... As to what a clash between true vampires is! What... What in the hell are you!? What's wrong? You've only had a couple of legs blown off. Come get me! Summon your familiars!! Transform your body!! Regenerate your legs and get up!! The night is young! Hurry, hurry, hurry! Hurry hurry hurry!! The real fun's just begun! Hurry! Hurry! Goddamn freak! I see, you're just like the others then? You're nothing but a worthless lump of flesh. Piss off, Hellsing toy! You're just some vampire who's the Anglican church's dog-- Silence! You're nothing but dog food. So... that's all he was after all. Damn punk. You're more a piece of shit than a man. Now you can be a piece of dog shit. After this, I can tell how weak the one upstairs is... Yet it seems he's giving them quite a tough time. My men... All of my men are ghouls... Seras! That's enough; no more! Please, stop... Checkmate, boy. Not bad, old man. I won't kill you now. But rest assured, we shall kill you once you tell us whose pawn you are. You guys are some real dumbasses. Yo, bitch! Enough of your prattle. I am quite put out. Who in the hell are you people? How did you manage this? Who's behind this? Answer me!! Answer me!! You probably know all about the chip-thing buried in me. It's still sending them information as we speak. They know the attack went to shit... And they can hear this conversation, too. After I screwed everything up and told you the plan... You think they'd let me live? What'd I say?! I'll tell you dumb-shits one thing: Happy trails, bitch! Millen... nium... Millen... nium...? Are you alright, my lady? Yes, I'm fine. But forget that... put them out of their misery. Sir... No. That won't do, Walter. That's a commander's job. You must act in accordance with your duty, Sir Hellsing. Sir Islands, I entreat you not to... No! I won't accept that this was unavoidable. There should have been provisions or a contigency plan in place. All responsibility lies with you. You are the commander, after all. The fact that these men are dead -- or undead -- is entirely your fault. Sir Islands!! Walter... I won't ask you to forgive me. It's all my fault. Walter, look into this Millennium thing... ...with all speed and thoroughness. Yes sir. Of course. We will repay them a billion times over for this. Of the 96 Hellsing London base staff members, only ten remain alive. Of those, eight survived because they were away from the base on that day. In other words, the only staff to actually survive attack were the two of us, my lady. You failed to include Seras and Alucard in those numbers. Yes, as those two are already dead. Ah, of course. How goes the Millennium investigation? We've requested help from MI5 and the Ministry of Defence. Even the British Museum is currently searching its full archives... But nothing particularly noteworthy has been found. There were seven groups devoted to such things as the occult and military studies in America, Japan, and France. And one Star Wars fanclub based in Los Angeles. Star Wars? The "Millennium Falcon." The name of Han Solo's ship. We might as well have no information at all. My sincerest apologies. At this point, we know nothing more than its fundamental meaning-- --One thousand years. No... there is one more. You don't remember, Walter? The Millennium Empire. The group that took on the entire world to achieve a thousand years of glory. Half a century ago. Hitler; Germany. The Nazis, the Third Reich. Enough, gentlemen. Let us resume the research. Subtitles by Bakafish and Birds of Hermes. www.bakakage.net and www.thehellsingproject.org 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 