Hellsing Ultimate: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellsing Ultimate 
 s1e5 - Hellsing Ultimate, Vol. 5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellsing Ultimate (2006–2012): Season 1, Episode 5 - Hellsing Ultimate, Vol. 5 - full transcript 
 The Major and his battalion of 1000 SS-vampires head toward London and start a devastating assault on the city. Integra and Walter race toward Hellsing Manor while Sir Penwood try to set up resistance against the invading vampires. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Arucard... Wake up, Arucard... Who are you? I am the essence of your gun, Jackal Willis. S-Stop! Stop that Willis! Listen to me! Please, hear me out Willis! Where is this place? I'm leaving. This is my space. This is Willispace Willis. You can no longer leave this place Willis. For the rest of your life, you will remain here Willis, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 appearing in odd productions, whether entertaining or not, I cannot tell Willis. Also, my mass is not 10 kilograms... ...from now on, it's 16 kilograms, if you please Willis. What? You're going to run pell-mell with me through the Nakatomi Building, {\an8}"Nakatomi Bldg." help me rescue a chunky gangster with a samurai sword as he's getting ass-raped and being voiced by Tessho Genda, and blow up a meteor together with Steve Buscemi, sweeping the Golden Raspberry awards Willis. Also, we're going to get jerked around by a kid with a long name who can see ghosts, roll our taxi to catch Milla Jovovich... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He was an imposter. That sure was a close call. You always have to be on guard against sneak attacks and betrayal. You should pick your own weapons as much as you can. Now then, it's time to wake up. Seras and Integra are waiting. Ah! There you are, General de Gaulle! What? Damn, I missed. Hello, I'm Christopher Walken. I'm Tom Berenger. Together, we are the Dogs of War. Get out. I'm Maximillian Schell. I say kill them all. Get out! Hello, I am the Emperor. Who are you? Hello. I am the Fourth Protocol. That makes no sense. Hello, I am the Negotiator. Good luck to you. And thus, the seelöwe crosses the ocean, and climbs up upon the land. General! Communications with the Central Intelligence Command Center have been cut off! I cannot reach them! What?! We've lost contact with the London BTN control station, as well. We're also cut off from civilian communications and phone lines in the greater metropolitan area. There's no contact from Ark Air Force Base! We're cut off from the Atlantic Fleet and from Fleet Command. No contact with National Defense or Defense Intelligence Headquarters. General, we've received word that a civilian craft has spotted airships moving north over Newfields, south of London. Airships? Did you say airships? Impossible. Are you telling me that they're starting a war? That's exactly right. Integra... A war has begun. Maximum speed! Onward! Faster! Faster, faster! Rev the engines until they burn out! Faster! Faster! Flat-out! Flat-out! Run flat-out toward the spires of the city dimly seen ahead! Flat-out! Flat-out! Run flat-out toward the clamor of the great strike, still in our memories! Hey, hold on a minute, now... Bugger off, will you? Stuff it! Listen, you... Hey, Jansen, say something, will you? The moon... The moon...! That's awesome! All battalion members, achtung! Gentlemen, night has come. You who are invincible remnants of the last army, and long-serving recruits, the night of the fulfillment of your vows has arrived. Welcome to the eve of war! All right then, everyone, please have a look at your handbooks. On page three of Operation Sea Lion, Second British Landing, please look at the heading "London Explodes! Crack Battle Vampires." Huh? Uh-oh... Oh, dear, what is it, Schrödinger? Doc, I'm sorry, I forgot my handbook. My word. What are we to do with you? Look on with the captain. Zorin... Lieutenant Zorin Blitz... As you command. Our objective is to bring down Hellsing, and Arucard. The men under your command will be the vanguard unit. Take Zeppelin 2 and rush over to Hellsing headquarters. Acknowledged. But do avoid anything too drastic. Wait for the arrival of myself and the main force. There should be no great bother. Hellsing will be as helpless as babies without Arucard. Do not take the women too lightly. Do not take Integra Hellsing and Seras Victoria too lightly. Integral Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing... She is the Hellsing's scion. The current head of the greatest family of vampire hunters in history. She is the one that Arucard recognizes as being his master. Then there is the policewoman, the vampire Seras Victoria. She is... ...something of a miracle. You might also say something of a joke. This is something that not even she herself may be aware of. And that makes it all the more entertaining, does it not? They are both terribly inexperienced and imperfect, and as a result, I would argue that like Arucard, they are worthy of being called an archenemy. Zorin, I will say this again: Do not do anything too drastic. Wait for my arrival. Acknowledged, Battalion Commander. Very well. Then let loose the floodgates. Let loose the floodgates of the dark waters of war! Our first objective is the entire London area... the west bank of the Thames; the Houses of Parliament; Big Ben; the Office of the Prime Minister; the Ministry of Defense; Buckingham Palace; Scotland Yard; Westminster Abbey; Piccadilly Circus; Soho; the City; Southwark... burn it all down! The central government houses; St. Paul's Cathedral! Major, what about the Cabinet War Rooms? Blow them up, of course. They're repulsive. Don't leave a single fragment remaining. What shall we do about Trafalgar Square, Major? Burn it. Bring down the statue of Nelson. The Tower of London, the British Museum, the British Library... destroy them all. They're repulsive. What about Tower Bridge? Bring it down. London Bridge, too. Like the song. And the Imperial War Museum? Blow it up. Destroy everything that you see, and devour everyone that you see. Eat and drink to your heart's content. This imperial capital of 8 million will be reduced to your supper. Come, gentlemen, let us kill, and be killed. Let us die, and give death. Now, let us have a toast. As of tonight, from this moment, the banquet at last begins. What are those? Is this a movie, or something? Take a picture, quick! - Prosit! - Prosit! {\an8}I could have got through anytime {\an8}Cold lonely puritan {\an8}What are you fighting for? {\an8}It's not my security {\an8}It's just an old war {\an8}Not even a cold war {\an8}Don't say it in Russian {\an8}Don't say it in German Ready the next salvo of retrofitted V1s! Prepare to drop the Waffen-SS! {\an8}Just say it in broken English The result is a crippling blow! Crippling! Crippling! Not yet... More... More fruits of battle! More fruits of battle! {\an8}Lose your father your husband Like hell shining. {\an8}Your mother your children Down there is the only place we want to go. {\an8}What are you fighting for? Here we go, frontline swine! Off to war! {\an8}It's not my reality {\an8}It's just an old war {\an8}Not even a cold war ...vier... drei... {\an8}Don't say it in Russian {\an8}Don't say it in German {\an8}Just say it in broken English Huh? Who are you?! Please do not try anything funny, Sir Hellsing. As of now, this facility is under the control of Millennium. Lt. Colonel, what is the meaning of this? Shut up! This is the meaning of this, General. It's great to be a vampire. How lucky I am, to be able to capture Sir Hellsing here like this. What's so funny?! Your joke is laughable. You're all such newborn vampires, while we're the institution of your annihilation. To think that baby frogs who still have their tails would face a snake, and call themselves lucky... D-Damn you...! You can claim your Iron Cross from your corporal in the next life. Bitch! Walter, to work. As you wish, Madam. Now then, I shall take you to task, youngsters. You old geezer! Begging your pardon. Traitors. Are you all right, Sir Penwood? Huh? Yeah... I was convinced that you had betrayed us. I may be powerless against them, but I am not a coward. The entire city is under attack! We cannot reach the Chiefs of Staff! We've lost contact with roughly 150 primary military installations and command centers throughout Britain! Either that, or they're engaging an unidentified enemy force! The same as this bunch. This place is sure to be one of their targets of attack. We should flee at once, Sir Penwood. German soldiers are dropping from the airships! It's the Waffen-SS! What?! Sir Penwood, we must flee. A horde of vampires will be sweeping in at any moment. You... You return to your organization as quickly as possible. You have a task that only you can carry out. I-I cannot run. That's the last thing I can do. This place has very little ability to command remaining. Are you trying to get yourself killed? It's possible that communications may be restored, and we may be able to issue orders again. There may be a base somewhere, fighting off the enemy, waiting for orders to come from us. I-I am the commanding officer here. I cannot very well leave. I am a powerless man. A nervous Nellie. A man so hopeless, not even I understand what I am doing in a position like this. I'm someone who has lived off of my family name, who has never had to struggle for anything. I have always had my positions and tasks handed to me. Which is why I think that I must at least accomplish my task... this task which I have been given. Go on. Off you go, Integra. You have... Hellsing has a task that only Hellsing can carry out. It is loaded with blessed atomized silver tip rounds. They should be more effective against them than ordinary iron. Farewell, and good hunting, Sir Penwood. Yes. You, too, Sir Hellsing. The rest of you, hurry and get out of here. We only need a minimum of personnel here. In fact, now, you know, in all candor, I may be enough on my own. All of you, get out of here. Quickly. W-What? What's so funny?! Hurry up and run away! That's an order! I will try once again to reach National Defense. Start finding us a line. Gather ammunition and weapons! Form a garrison. Hop to! Sir! Hey, hold on, now... Set up barriers at all the entrances. Hurry! What did I say to you, you fools?! There's no need to accompany me during this! What are you talking about, Admiral? You can't work a single console here, can you? Please, sit where you always do, sir. You'll get in the way of our work. Thank you, men. Thank you. Reassessing damage reports. Form ranks, and go make direct contact, even if it's on foot! Open up a line to our foreign branches, as well! I want more intelligence! We're leaving, Walter. As soon as possible. As you wish. We'll charge our way through the city. You can do that, right? As you command. I will accomplish my task. As a Hellsing, I swear it... ...you miserable vampires! {\an8}The Devil's Stocking (doo doo bee doo)... The Devil's Stocking (doo doo bee doo)... {\an8}Soldiers march down the street in ranks {\an8}to wage war on a distant enemy {\an8}In a time gone mad, {\an8}they keep on walking, just to die {\an8}The Devil's Stocking (doo doo bee doo)... The Devil's Stocking (doo doo bee doo)... {\an8}Who knows what is at work deep down in their hearts? {\an8}It's too dark in there to see anything {\an8}Standing in a windswept field {\an8}counting up the number of bodies {\an8}The soldiers in the square dance around in a circle {\an8}But they don't have time to do so {\an8}Not if they're going to make their escape {\an8}Not if they're going to prolong their lives {\an8}From a clock tower at the end of the world {\an8}a rotten shadow watches {\an8}as they fall upon the crimson field, {\an8}with arms folded, folded, folded (arms folded, folded folded) {\an8}and laughs Damn it! Damn it! {\an8}The Devil's Stocking (doo doo bee doo)... The Devil's Stocking (doo doo bee doo)... It's abysmal. A hell on earth. {\an8}Soldiers march down the street in ranks But it's no more than a shadow of things to come. {\an8}to wage war on a distant enemy {\an8}In a time gone mad, {\an8}they keep on walking, just to die {\an8}They keep on walking... They keep on walking... Well done. You have fulfilled your duty. Now rest. Hurry, Walter. We're taking vengeance. Integra Hellsing spotted. She is traveling at high speed along Regent Street toward Hellsing Manor. Capture her. Capture her! Calling all soldiers... Calling all soldiers... This is Vice Admiral Penwood, British Security Special Command Center. I am transmitting in the hopes of reaching someone out there. This facility will soon fall. The monsters are almost upon the other side of our doors. I now deliver the final orders from this facility to whomever is listening to this transmission. Resist, and fulfill your duty. The new head of the family? You? Walter, this girl? "This girl"? What a thing to say, Sir Penwood. Or, er, um... I am the family head, Integral Hellsing. I have killed my uncle, and taken my place as family head. I would like you to stop referring to me as "this girl." M-My apologies. I am sorry. My father, while he was alive, told me that if I needed anything, I was to ask Mr. Penwood. Y-Yes! Arthur! Whenever anything came up, he would always say, "Give me some newer model guns!" or "I need a helicopter." Always with the impossible demands. My goodness gracious! Not to be outdone by my father, I, too, believe I will have many requests. I thank you in advance. You put up a good stand, you good-for-nothings. What's so funny, human? Good for nothing? From you, who are good for even less than I am? Farewell, Integra. I enjoyed our time together. S-Stop! No way! I cannot honor that request. Walter... Yes? Hurry! What is it? Miss Integra, please back the car up at once, and find another escape route. Walter... As fast as you can. As fast as you can! Do not turn back for me; no matter what happens, run as fast as you can. Walter... The way I am now, I do not know how long I can hold out against that fellow there. Walter... I order you to come back alive, no matter what! As you command. I knew it. I knew it was you. That is correct, young man. Long time no see, huh, butler? 55 years, isn't it? I must say, you always... always show up to bother me when it is dinnertime. Integra Hellsing is on the move. She has altered her route, and is moving at high speed. Attention, all available squads! Go after her! Go after her! Integra Hellsing is by herself. Repeat... Go after her! Capture her! Capture her! Capture her! There she is! Panzerfaust! Zielen... Feuern! Integra Hellsing! By order of the battalion commander, say your prayers! Hmph, you don't know when to give up, fraulein. No matter how hard you struggle or try to escape, it's hopeless. Give up. There is no longer any place here in London, here in Midian, where you can run or hide. Give up, human. Run? Hide? Hopeless? Give up? Give up, you say? Indeed, that does sound like something you would say. You, who could not bear to remain human. Well don't go selling us humans short, you monsters. Come on! I'll fight you! Fine by me! W-Whad id did...? M-My body id cubbing abard... B-Bayonets! It's you...! From the Vatican's Iscariot, Section XIII... The Assassin, the Guillotine Judge... The Regenerator, Angel Dust... The Bayonet Father... Alexander Anderson! Facing down a horde of monsters while sporting a bloody nose?! "Come on"?! "I'll fight you"?! Did you hear that, Heinkel? Did you hear that, Yumie? There's no doubt about it. This is... This woman is... These people are our sworn enemies! Our archenemies! Father Anderson, the orders we have received at this juncture were to just observe. Moreover, rescuing Hellsing there is a serious breach of orders, is it not? So what am I to do, stand here and do nothing? We are to be the ones who crush them! We are the only ones who may crush them! No one else may have them! No one else may interfere! No one else! No one else! You're with Iscariot. You won't stand in our way! Hold your tongue. The dead do not speak! Do the dead walk before my eyes? Will the undead raise an army, fall in, and advance? Those who abandon the natural order, embrace a heretical order, and propose to pass by here would presume that we... that Iscariot... ...that I would allow it to happen?! You will die, not trembling before me, but as straw before me! Amen! I ask of you, who are ye?! We are Iscariot! We are Judas of Iscariot! Then, Iscariot, I ask of you, what have ye in your right hand?! Daggers and poison! Then, Iscariot, I ask of you, what have ye in your left hand?! 30 pieces of silver and straw rope! Then...! Iscariot, what are ye?! We are apostles, yet not apostles! We are believers, yet not believers! We are adherents, yet not adherents! We are heretics, yet not heretics! We are those who do naught but submit to death, who merely bow our heads, begging the Lord for forgiveness, who merely bow our heads, striking down the enemies of the Lord! Lowly soldiers of death, brandishing daggers in the night, and administering poison as supper! We are apostles; a flock of apostles; we are assassins; we are Judas of Iscariot; at the appointed hour, we cast our 30 pieces of silver to the holy place, and with our straw rope, we hang ourselves about the neck! Thus do we desire to descend into hell en masse, form ranks in squared formation, and engage the 7,405,926 demons of hell! My nemesis... My master... I am drawn to you... ...and I shall continue my dream, as well. Onward, to the battlefield! Was it a dream? I had a dream in which I did not get to fight. Master, it doesn't appear to be a dream. What...? Well, this next volume and the one after it are about ourselves, Iscariot, and the Nazis, and you barely appear at all, sir. Ah, but I make out pretty well, huh? I have to feel sorry for you all. I move around like Chono, perform DDTs like Hashimoto, and like Mutoh, it's the Final Countdown. You can die as the Three Musketeers! Man, your material might be stale, but you can come through if you put your mind to it, huh? {\an8}"Church of England Pro Wrestling" What is this? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 