Hellsing Ultimate: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellsing Ultimate 
 s1e8 - Hellsing Ultimate, Vol. 8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellsing Ultimate (2006–2012): Season 1, Episode 8 - Hellsing Ultimate, Vol. 8 - full transcript 
 Enrico and the Vatican forces arrive in London and start to attack the Millenium forces and the few still living civilians. But soon Alucard arrives to to the carnage. Hell will sing. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Oh... God... A-An angel... Angels! A-Angels... That is correct! We are the surrogates of the Angel of Death! We will now pass judgment on this religious trial! Britain stands accused! The monsters stand accused! The verdict is the death penalty! The death penalty! Death! Death! Death! Death! I feel pity for you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 However, I cannot forgive you. Now die, like barren wildflowers. Whirl about like butterflies, and die like bees! What do you know? That kid can really do something when he puts his mind to it, huh? M-Major... Major, this is dangerous! Please, come back inside! Doc, is it ready yet? Huh? Yes. It will be risky, but I have done as you requested. Although, the treatment was a bit rough, and it is extremely unstable. That is splendid. Very good. Indeed, it is an outstanding specimen. {\an8}"Joy" Good work, Doc. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 {\an8}"Anger" You could do some work, too, you idiot! {\an8}"Anger" "Rumble" I did work! I went to the Hellsing house and watched Zorin! {\an8}"Wha--?" {\an8}"Sputter" {\an8}"Snipe" {\an8}"Seethe" {\an8}"Snipe" {\an8}"Sputter" Oh, really? Achtung! All units, equip ultraviolet protection, and muster! Masks! Muster the battalion! Muster the battalion! Keep watch here! Keep watch there! Eradicate the enemy! Target dead ahead! Carry out the execution! Major! Please, come inside! The special thin armor plating won't hold out for long! Major? Maj... He's playing music. The music of the battlefield. He's... leading it! The music of the battlefield, and we are the instrument! One big, howling, crawling instrument, offering up our tone! Nobody can interfere with him. Enemy commander located! He's on top of the airship! What the hell is he doing? He's crazy! A mad ghost of war! Major! Die! Good work, butler. This was decided a half-century ago! The mark of the skull is fitting for this angel of death! They haven't come... to save us...? Die! Die! Die! Die! Good! Kill them all! You worms! This is our power! This is the Vatican's power! The only good Protestant is a dead Protestant! You've betrayed us, Maxwell. Sneak attacks and betrayal are par for the course in war. In fact, they deserve praise. Particularly when going against the heathen. However... However, this is different. I do not like this. Maxwell, you are enraptured. Absolutely intoxicated. By your authority and power. We are only supposed to be mere implements of force. I am just a knife, for executing the condemned. Simply power in the service of God. Maxwell, you have now given up serving God. You are serving the power of God! Yeah?! Isn't that right, Archbishop Maxwell?! Father Anderson, we have orders from His Excellency, Archbishop Maxwell. We are to take Integra, Director of Hellsing, into custody at once. No, I do not like this. It is not a matter of whether you like it or not, Anderson. I don't like this! Seras! Seras Victoria! Are you injured, Miss Integra? I'm fine. How is headquarters? We were attacked by a company of enemy soldiers. We eliminated the enemy. Headquarters has been wiped out. Including Mr. Bernadotte. I see, you don't say. Seras, you drank Bernadotte, huh? You've become a vampire, haven't you? Y-Yes. Stand down. The girl is already too much for you to handle, even if you ganged up on her. Seras Victoria, the vampire... ...you are starting to become something quite fearsome. Yes, I am, Father Alexander Anderson. I am not afraid of anything anymore. Your eyes look like they go down to the bottom of the abyss. What a state to be in, for someone who looks so human. H-He is... ...returning! This is fantastic. It all goes awry now. Something is sailing up the Thames River. What is it? A ghost... ship... And they, who had gathered before a painting of a line of spears now reunite before a line of spears. A division of panzer grenadiers turned to vampires from Germany's Third Reich, "The Last Battalion." 572 of their number remain. Knights of the Roman Catholic Vatican Curia, of the ninth airborne mobile crusade. 2875 of their number remain. The Order of the Royal Imperial Church of England. Three of their number remain. And so, the players all take their places on the stage, and the curtain rises over this Walpurgis Dawn. Lord! My lord, Integra Hellsing! Your orders! My servant, the vampire Arucard, I now order you! Stain in vermillion the army wearing white with your gun of platinum. Stain in scarlet the army wearing black with your gun of iron. Stain with crimson each and every last one of our foes. Search and destroy! Search and destroy! Lay waste to them! Do not let them leave this island alive! Acknowledged. As you wish, my master. Releasing control-restriction system level zero. Make good on your homecoming. Unleash yourself thousands of times over and make good on your homecoming! Recite it! I am the Bird of Hermes... I eat my own wings... Everyone here has sensed it. Something terrible is about to happen. Unless we put down this monster, something terrible is about to happen! ...to keep myself tame... Here it comes... The river is coming. The river of death! The dead shall dance, and hell shall sing! Cease fire! Cease fire! Im... possible...! It's not possible! How can anything like that be?! That is what the vampire Arucard is. Blood is the currency of the soul, the tender of life. It is nothing more than the medium by which life is transacted. To drink blood is to take the entire being of a life unto oneself. You can understand what that means now, can't you, Seras Victoria? Yes. The Kazan and Yeniçeri forces! You even devoured them, did you? No wonder you won't die. No wonder you can't be killed. Just how many lives does he have? How many lives did he drink?! The principality of Wallachia's army... You took your own soldiers... Your own subjects... Your own fiefdom! What a fiend you are! A monster! A devil! A dracul! Dracula! Full perimeter defense! Square up! Close formation! What is this?! What is awakening?! It's death! Death is awakening! This is fantastic! I want it! Magnificent! Fire! Shoot it up! Shoot it up! Fire! Fire! Fire! It's hell below us! It's hell! We keep shooting it, and it keeps coming out! Our lines are crumbling! Bishop, please withdraw! Bishop! This can no longer be called a battle! D-Don't be ridiculous! I am not a bishop! I am an archbishop! I am an archbishop! This is hardened tektite compound reinforced glass! Dead people like you cannot even scratch it! Anderson! Anderson! We are Iscariot. The representatives of God's punishment on earth. We will shatter your dreams, without the least bit of discord. Farewell, my friend. Anderson! Anderson! Anderson! Save me, Anderson! Save me, Teacher! Teacher! Teacher... Am I to die here... all alone...? No...! No...! I was born all alone... ...and now I must die all alone...?! Jesus... Teacher... Mr. Anderson... I will become great. I will become great. I will become great and get even with everyone. You are such a fool. A big fat idiot. Anderson calling all paladins. Return to the Vatican. The Ninth Crusade expeditionary force, Reconquista, has been completely wiped out. Morning is coming. The dream is now over. Return to the Vatican. Y-You can't mean it, Anderson! Your place to die is not here. Leave! Protect the Vatican. Protect the Pope! Protect Catholicism throughout eternity. I am going to defeat him. I will defeat Arucard! I must defeat him! Father! What's going to become of you if you fight him?! Nay! It's now. It's now or never. Now is the time, when Arucard has released all of his restraints! This is the form whereby I can beat all of the lives and all of the attacks which he possesses. He has dispatched all of the warriors from his castle. It is a concentrated force. Right now, in his castle, the lord of the manor... stands alone! At this moment, he is a single vampire. Dracula, all on his own. This... This was the sole objective of that mad battalion commander. It was all one great sacrifice in order to bring down Arucard alone. A thousand SS, three thousand crusaders, a million Britons, all of them, friend and foe, with the surety that I would come, too. Farewell, gentlemen! Maxwell is weeping. That utterly hopeless fool! He is the same spineless weakling that he ever was. Farewell. I shall see you someday, in Limbo. - Father! - Father Anderson! Welcome back, Count. I have returned, Countess. W-Welcome back, Master. M-Master, you have a moustache, huh? A moustache... Seras... Seras Victoria... Nicely done, my sworn enemy. We are the representatives of God; the agents of divine punishment on earth. Our calling is to exterminate the flesh of all the fools who would defy our God, down to the last trace! Amen! I'm impressed that you have developed yourself so fully, as a man. My enemy, try to kill me! Go ahead and thrust your bayonet into my heart! As occurred 500 years ago... As occurred 100 years ago... Put an end to the interlude between my dreams, my beloved archenemy. You need not even ask! Pure silver, macedonium-processed mercury rounds... in Marvels Chemical NNA9 cartridges. 39cm in length, weighing 16kg, with 13mm armor-piercing rounds... Jackal! It's perfect, Walter! Now what? Now what will you do? Your monster is right here, Catholic! You're going to defeat me, right? What are your chances of winning? One in a thousand? One in ten thousand? A billion? A trillion? Or even a quadrillion? Even if it's a novemdecillion, I can still more than handle it! Contact with Nordland Platoon has been lost! Respond, you dumbasses! Communiqué from the aerial cruiser! The Bürgerbräukeller is out of ammunition! Nobody is responding! Butler, mix up some Verhoeden cocoa and bring it to me, with plenty of milk and sugar. London has perished, the Crusade has perished, and the Last Battalion is perishing. Arucard is also there. I am also here. Everything is proceeding. It is proceeding perfectly. What's the matter, Christian? Your monster is over here. You're wounded from head to toe. Your arm is cut through, and about to fall off. What will you do? Are you a dog? Or are you a human? What does it matter, vampire? My arm has only been cut through, hasn't it? Now stop boasting, and come at me. Come on and fight me! Hurry! Hurry! Fantastic. Humans are magnificent, all right. Exploding chain! Forward! Forward! Forward! Forward! Forward! Forward! Forward! Forward! What kind of man is this? He's almost... almost like those other men. Come on. Come on, Alexander Anderson! Come and stand before my gaze, like those other men did. Like that other man did, and try to run through the viscus at my heart! Get out of my way! Damn it, you fools! You giant, meddling dumbasses! If we return to the Vatican now, we will no longer be who we are! We will no longer be Judas of Iscariot! We will become mere bags of flesh, filled with blood and human waste! "By crying out amen and killing, the world slippeth back into place." You're the one who taught us that, aren't you?! Let us now behold the deceit of the zealot! You ignorant fools! All of you are thinking only of dying! Limbo has been made full! Very well, come with me. I am about to charge my way into hell at full speed! Join me, as you always have! What are ye? We are Iscariot! We are Judas of Iscariot! Countless lives struggle and writhe as though one life, all sharing one common rapture, seeking blood even while spilling blood, continuously multiplying and receding, ever fighting, without end. Whether that rapture is faith in "God," or war in the name of "Nazism," or as part of the being called "Arucard," we are now, at last, the same thing. It's like a dream, isn't it, my dark brethren? To the death! Go! Amen! I'm going on ahead! You stand before me? I'm impressed. I'm impressed, Iscariot. I'm impressed, Alexander Anderson! You're not the only one who carries a weapon that can end life. That's your ace in the hole, is it? A nail? The Holy Shroud... The Holy Grail... The Lance of Longinus... That is the last of the lost holy artifacts of Rome? That's right. That lingering scent of a miracle... It's the Holy Nail of Helena! That's right! Don't do it, Anderson! Are you trying to become a monster?! A monster of God?! Do you mean to become an actual plaything of the divine power of immortality? It's the same thing. It amounts to the same rubbish! Whether a monster that affirms God, or a monster that denies God... Do you intend to use the scrap from that miracle to become more scrap from that miracle, yourself? Do you mean to drive you, me, and our duel into the afterlife? A monster like me... A weak monster who could not bear to be human must be defeated by a human. Don't do it, human. Do not become a monster... like me. I just want to be a bayonet. I just want to be a bayonet of God's punishment. I wouldn't have minded being born a storm. I wouldn't have minded being a threat. I wouldn't have minded being an explosive. I wouldn't have minded being a simple, terrible windstorm, without heart or pity. If I can become like that by thrusting this into me, then I shall. May it be so. Y-You... You blasted fool! Thorns... The thorns...! Anderson! Just what have you become?! His body is no longer that of a man. Now, the only way for both you and I to die and return to dust, is to have this gouged out of us... the viscus at our heart. Father Anderson! Father! It was no longer man, nor demon; neither day, nor night. Master! {\an8}That place suits you well... {\an8}the thrilling Human Land {\an8}Go on, check it, correcting your conduct {\an8}learning from the mistakes of others {\an8}The humdrum rhythms are no big deal {\an8}for money, for a living {\an8}for show, for glory {\an8}Bellies all boogie-woogie, splish-splashing, {\an8}heavy-duty rumbly-grumbly {\an8}Your worldview running wild inside your noggins {\an8}Baby, I'm digging you guys {\an8}Masked faces suit you well {\an8}in this crazy Monster Land {\an8}It truly is the end of the world {\an8}and he is the symbol {\an8}Swarming around a corrupt culture, {\an8}flies fly, and maggots hatch, {\an8}farting in the face of the cosmos {\an8}You are so roly-poly, splish-splashing, {\an8}and carnally soggy-boggy {\an8}Your cosmic view firming up inside your noggins {\an8}Baby, I didn't recognize you guys {\an8}That is something you must not do {\an8}If you do that, there will be no saving you {\an8}That is something you must not do {\an8}If you do that, there will be no saving you {\an8}There will be no saving you... There will be no saving you... {\an8}There will be no saving you... {\an8}There will be no saving you... There will be no saving you... {\an8}There will be no saving you... {\an8}There will be no saving you... There will be no saving you... {\an8}No saving you {\an8}"Previews Without Honor or Humanity" {\an8}"Boss Yoshio Yamamori" "Tensei Clan" {\an8}"Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing Order of the Royal Imperial Church" Ah, Michiko. Guess what? Daddy is gonna be the boss of England again. {\an8}"Occupation Yakuza" {\an8}"Seras Victoria" "Vampire, former police woman" Hey, nice ass. Oh, yeah... {\an8}"Hobby" "Sensuality" I really am the sort of guy {\an8}"Arucard" "Vampire" who was born to be the boss of this world. {\an8}"Anderson" "Paladin" Daddy's got two of those brass balls you like so much. {\an8}"Nazi Major" "SS" Well, if there's anything I can do to help you, just say the word. {\an8}"Young Walter" "Former Hellsing Family butler" What, is there anyone bigger than me in all of Europe? Don't you press your luck with me! {\an8}"The End" That's enough out of you, you little brat! Now, come here, little kid. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 