Hellsing Ultimate: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellsing Ultimate 
 s1e1 - Hellsing Ultimate, Vol. 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellsing Ultimate (2006–2012): Season 1, Episode 1 - Hellsing Ultimate, Vol. 1 - full transcript 
 In flashback, Integra is seen assuming leadership of the Hellsing organization as she resolves a conflict with her uncle with the help of the vampire Alucard. In present day, Alucard goes on a mission to the town of Cheddar to silence a vampiric priest who has been killing townspeople, and in the process must also present the young police girl Seras Victoria with the choice to either die or become a vampire. Also, Alucard battles a Vatican priest named Alexander Anderson after they are both sent to kill the same vampire in Northern Ireland. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Where, oh where could you be? Precious little niece... My precious little niece... My cute Fräulein. Heir to the Order of Royal Protestant Knights, the Hellsing Agency... The last and only daughter of that line... Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing. You just don't understand, Integra. I've been waiting, waiting for my brother, your father, to pass away for twenty years. However, your dead father decided to pass down the head of the family to you... And left me as your steward in his will... But we can't have that. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There's no way I can forgive him for that. Hellsing is mine! Integra... If at some point... You find yourself in a crisis... If some unbeatable enemy has you cornered... Go to the forgotten underground dungeon! There lies one of the fruits of the Hellsing family's labours. Something that will protect you... This is what will protect me? I've found you, Fräulein. Uncle! That's right, Fräulein. Do you really want to be the family head that much? Correct yet again, Fräulein. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The corpse... It's... Shit! What? What did you just say? Could you please say that one more time, Director Hellsing... Sir Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing. I'll repeat myself once again, then. They're ghouls. The village is swarming with them. Ghouls are what happens when a vampire's victim is not a virgin. You might say they're something like zombies, only under the control of said vampire. Therefore, it's safe to assume a vampire's present in that village. Ghouls? And a vampire, you say? What bollocks. Do you actually expect me to believe all this occult rubbish? A low-level peon like you probably wouldn't have been privy to such information... Not that you needed to be. We, the Royal Protestant Knights, also known as the Hellsing Organization... Have battled these monsters since ancient times. We are the secret service set up to destroy these antichrist freaks... Who would dare to sully the British Empire and the Protestant Church. There's a vampire in that village manipulating the ghouls. You're up against a monstrosity. No matter how many normal troops or police you send in there... You'll just be giving them a meal. Draculs and draculinas only breed more vampires by drinking the blood of a virgin of the opposite sex. Others are simply food and end up becoming ghouls... Nothing but a vampire's servant. The radio signal from both the second and third search parties has vanished! What? What's wrong? Respond. Answer me! Hey! In order to stop the ghouls from multiplying you need to kill the head vampire. And Hellsing will see this vampire to his end. But... That's not... One of our men is a special anti-vampire expert. He's on his way to Cheddar as we speak. It should all be over in a few hours. What manner of fellow is he? A monster... Especially when it comes to vampires... No one is more of an expert than he is. What a beautiful night. Nights like these make me thirst for blood. Such a nice, quiet night. It's no use running. Guns are of no use either. Eddy... Simon! Yes, your comrades are now mine. And you'll be the next to join them. All I want are devoted slaves. I wouldn't want to make you a draculina with free will. There probably aren't any virgins your age these days, anyway. I'll rape you first, then take my time draining you. In the end, you'll be one of my ghouls. You'll be my slave. Nooooo! Who the fuck are you? An assassin. An assassin? You? Are you serious? Kill him. Spent already, assassin? A v-vampire? That's right. A human anti-vampire expert is unreliable. They get hurt too easily, and die too easily. They're just plain weak. Vampires are the best at destroying their own kind. And we, the Hellsing Organization, have ourselves a tame one. He's a first-rate vampire at that. They're being killed like... Those bullets are... 13mm explosive steel rounds alloyed with silver melted from a Lanchester cross. There's no freak around who can eat these and come back for seconds. Wh-why, why do you... Why is a fellow vampire in league with humans? Don't move, assassin. This is the only survivor -- don't you want her to live? Why all the fuss, just help me get out of here! Or even pretend I got away! Hey girl, are you a virgin? What the hell are you on about? What the hell are you on about? - I asked if you're a virgin. Bastard... Answer me! Yes! I am! You... you bastard...! Name? Your father called me by the name of... Alucard! I shot through your lung to hit his heart. Sorry, this gun leaves a big hole, so you don't have long. What will you do? Dad... Mum! Tonight really is a wonderful night Huh? Where's this...? It's our meal! A duck! It's a bee! A dog! I'm gonna get killed! They're really gonna kill me! Police girl, how's being dead feel? Well, it was your choice. To take the path to become a draculina. Where is this? Police girl, how's it feel being a draculina? Fangs!? You're being loud, police girl. No need lose your pretty little English head, even if you are a draculina. Draculina... Um, what is this place? This is the headquarters of the Royal Protestant Knights, also known as the Hellsing Agency. We exterminate monsters, and we also keep some. So then, I'll...? You will of course work for the Hellsing Organization. There's something suspicious happening with the Midians... You will destroy vampires, police girl. They strangled these people to death and then wrote messages with their blood... To hurl defiance at Christianity and Christians... They've ridiculed the Protestant church, England... And Hellsing for the last time! Our targets are making their way north along Route 17. They're making the rounds, attacking pre-selected houses and families. We can't allow the goddamn freaks to go on! We'll be able to live on forever soon... As untouchable vampires. Unable to transform into mist or bats... Nor can you recover from the wounds you've taken. Nor can you even fight once you're out of bullets. You still think yourself worthy of being called a Nosferatu? Know your place! Don't let it escape, police girl. But, uh... What's wrong? Hurry up and do it. Sh-- she's so fast! 500, 600 meters away... Shoot as though you've got a third eye in your forehead. If you shoot like a human, you'll miss like a human. But... You will hit. Do it in one shot, through the heart. It's so dark and I don't have a scope... Problems for a human. But you are not a human anymore. Such a huge gun, but I hardly felt the kick. It's nighttime, but I saw her better than if had it been day. Good job, police girl. And... It's like I'm having a conversation through telepathy. What in the world is happening to my body? I'm... Not yet, this is only the beginning... If that were all it took, this would've all been over by now. There's too many, just too many. There shouldn't be this many vampire incidents. And they're only third or fourth-rate nobodies... Who just murder haphazardly again and again. Nothing but random acts of senselessness... It's as if someone is just manufacturing vampires... Hey now, that's enough from you two. Friends fighting one another is wholly unacceptable. You'll never get to heaven that way. I'm sorry, Father! Listen to me, the only things deserving of such violence... Are demons and heathens. Right then, you two get back to your rooms. Alright, Father! Let's go! - Alright! What can I do for you? What in the world's going on? You probably know there've been a lot of strange incidents lately. Especially in England. Yeah, they seem to be hiding it well. It's vampires. Vampires are constantly appearing in England. Their numbers are obviously abnormal. I fail to see the problem. It must be making for a lot of dead English Protestants. Not the case... You've heard of Hellsing? They're handling this more skillfully than we thought they would. Casualties have actually been kept to a minimum. That group of novices is like a preschool compared to us. Catholicism! The Vatican! And then us... We've been continuing the fight against them since long before these upstarts were around. So what of me? If it's a problem in England why don't we just let them take care of it? If it were just England... Well now, what's this? This latest incident is in Ireland. Northern Ireland in the vicinity of Badrick. Hellsing has started to move. There's no way we can just sit and watch them. They keep saying it's not their territory then they gear up and send their guys in. What a shameless, impudent bunch as usual. That land is not Protestant land. It is Catholic; ours! The vampires are our prey. We cannot allow them to forestall us in this, Anderson. What if I run into Hellsing? We are the Earthly agents of the one true God. We do not back down from challenges by heretics. "If anyone does not love the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be accused! O' Lord come... Amen!" Police girl! My enemies are puppets... They aren't human... Just puppets... Aim and fire, it's over in one shot. Police girl! When you aim, make sure to take out the heart or head. They didn't become ghouls because they wanted to. There's no way to change humans back once they get like this. All we can do for them is to blow them away, quickly. Sir, yes my master! Well now, it seems you're catching on... To what it really means to be a Midian. Blessed bayonets... A barrier!? We are the mouth of God, Earthly Agents of divine punishment! Our mission is to destroy to the last... Those fools who would oppose our Lord. Amen! Director! A report from the Vatican attache! Rome, the Vatican... Section XIII, the top-secret agency, Iscariot, is on the move! Iscariot? The Vatican's unofficial enforcement squad... It's the single strongest force they possess. Professionals in exorcism, oppressing pagans, and exterminating heretics. Bearing the name Judas, the Section XIII that's not supposed to exist... So, how many did they send? Only one. Father Alexander Anderson the Paladin! Father Alexander Anderson? What do you think will happen if he and Alucard's lot run into each other? I'm going to Badrick as well! I need a gun, a sword, and two guards! Walter, I'm leaving you to keep in contact with the Vatican. Understood. Paladin Anderson, Hitman Anderson, Bayonet Anderson... Killing Judge Anderson, Angel Dust Anderson... Place of origin, race, age, all unknown... We only know one thing about him besides all the nicknames. He's a warrior and supernatural creature specialist. Just as Alucard is our trump card against the supernatural... He's the Vatican Section XIII's counterpart trump card. When the monster killing paladin, that overzealous fanatic... Meets up with Alucard and company... There's no way he'll sit still. Nice moon out, eh? You abominations. My what a sweet voice you have. That must really hurt, little one. Not enough to kill your kind, though. Because not a one of them went through your heart. I haven't gone vampire hunting in the longest time; it's only fair I enjoy myself. Vatican Section XIII... The secret service, Iscariot. How right you are, Hellsing mongrel. So you're Alucard? Hellsing's cleaner, the vampire that's sided with humans and hunts other vampires. What happened to the vampire who was here? I dealt with him. He was just some small fry; not even enough time to enjoy it. The only ones left are you bastards. You don't say... He attacked a vampire head on at night without so much as a surprise. He was quite a brave priest... Though a fool. Master. Don't talk, you've still got blessed bayonets through your body. You won't be able to recover-- --the hell? Amen! A regenerator!? That's right! A technique humanity had to develop to fight the likes of you. Amen! Master!!! Make haste! Since Iscariot... No, since Alucard is there it may have already started! This -- this was Hellsing's trump card? What they dubbed the strongest of the vampires? That was nothing. What a joke! Everything the Protestants do is--... Oh? So she can still move after that much damage. Seems I underestimated that draculina a bit. Master? This is terrible. You got me into this and left me alone... I can't do this. Where're you heading off to? There's nowhere to run. Dust to dust... For dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return! Amen. I've got to run... I must run... Get back to Director Integra, and report... What... What's this? That's a barrier, my child. One that's impossible for you Midians to get through. Just lie at peace and accept your doom. You godless beast. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! Die... Is this anytime to panic, police girl? Master! Drink my blood, police girl. You'll then be a vampire free from the shackles of subjugation. You'll be a true member of our kindred. Drink blood by your own will, walk the night under your own power... As a No-Life King. Drink my blood, police girl, no... Seras Victoria! End of the road. That girl's one of ours. What do you think you're doing, Paladin of Iscariot, Father Alexander Anderson? Director Hellsing, Sir Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing... This must be important indeed to bring forth the director herself. Father Anderson... You're in violation of an important treaty. This place is supposed to be under our jurisdiction. Withdraw at once! Failure to do so will result in a serious crisis between us and the Vatican. We cannot let you do this, even if you are with Section XIII. Withdraw? You're telling us to withdraw? Us? The Earthly agents of divine punishment, Section XIII Iscariot!? Don't provoke me, whore of Babylon. You really think we'll give ground to you filthy Protestants?! Biotechnological regeneration... And healing too! Bloody monster! Every one of you are too weak. What a joke. And your high and mighty cleaner lost his head. I sawed it right off. You cut his head off? That's all? What? Get your hands off of Sir Integra! You freak of nature! There's no way for you to win, Father Anderson. Walking away quietly would be in your best interest. Just after I finish you two off, wench... Then you'd best hurry. If you take too long the one whose head you cut off will come back to life. What? So you didn't drink it, little simpleton? Cut off his head? Stabbed through his heart? Don't think of him as merely another one of those vampires. Those methods are far from lethal to the likes of him. Just as you're the crystallization of anti-monster technology... The Hellsing family has spent 100 years gloriously building him into the ultimate undead! The vampire, Alucard! Master! Like I said... So what now, Anderson? That figures... There's no way I can kill him with the gear I've got now. We'll meet again, Hellsing... Next time I kill all of you. We survived. How do you feel, Alucard? Been a long time since my head got plucked off. So that's Iscariot's Father Anderson... A border skirmish in violation of treaty... An attack against agency members with casualties... The Vatican will end up with a big demerit for this. But this is no time to be fighting them. There's a large-scale secret organization behind this recent chain of vampire incidents. Then give the order. Extermination? Destruction? Or just take out the rubbish? Order me, my master. Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing! If the time comes, we will. Oh? Looking forward to it. I will enjoy it. Completely, and thoroughly enjoy it. Hey. Why didn't you drink my blood? Why didn't you? I, I don't know, but... If I had drank your blood, it felt like something would have ended. Moron. But, this might be for the better. Some would be amazed to see someone like you walking the nights. Why'd you bring that police girl into your family? I wonder why... Because I was possessed? A whim? A moment of foolishness? No, it's nothing like that... I thought I'd have someone else around for a while. I indulged in humanity's fickle nature. Let's go, police girl. Don't sit around over there. Y-yes, my master! But, er, I'm not "police girl", I have a name -- Seras Victoria... Silence, you coward. You're police girl; that's good enough for you. B-But...! Master! Getting sentimental, are we? No-Life King... No, you who were once Count... Ladies and Gentlemen. Let us continue this project. For this war. And for the next war. And for the war after that. Thank you for watching. Please visit http://www.bakakage.net and http://www.thehellsingproject.org 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 