Hellsing Ultimate: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellsing Ultimate 
 s1e9 - Hellsing Ultimate, Vol. 9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellsing Ultimate (2006–2012): Season 1, Episode 9 - Hellsing Ultimate, Vol. 9 - full transcript 
 Alucard faces off with father Anderson. Meanwhile, the Major starts to put his last parts of his plan into motion. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Aerial Cruiser 3, the Arthur Seys-Inquart, has been downed! We've lost signal! Blister is expanding! Cannot sustain lift! Cruiser 2, the Alfred Rosenberg, is in flames! We cannot contact the landing party! Platoon 7's blips have been wiped out, and we've lost contact! Have they been wiped out? Wiped out?! What the hell is going on down there?! Major! Major, sir! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Your orders? Major? What a racket. Be quiet. Keep it down and enjoy the act's climax, at least. You're all sobbing over the loss of your units like you're young girls going through your first time. Captain... Sir! Distribute firearms and ammunition to surviving crewmen on all ships. Issue hand grenades to those who cannot stand. But... But sir, there aren't enough guns or ammunition for all of them anymore. Then give them pipes, or munitions, or anything else. Arm the troops and assemble them. Once that is complete, we will all charge together. It will be fun. Very fun. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We'll charge in headlong as we sing the "Horst-Wessel-Lied." What fun! ♪ Zum letzten Mal ♪ ♪ wird nun Appell geblasen! ♪ ♪ Zum Kampfe steh'n ♪ ♪ wir alle schon bereit! ♪ What's the matter? Why aren't you singing? I've had enough of this! We are not the SS! We're the German Navy! We are here with you to face the British forces! But I have had enough! This is no longer a battle! I cannot send my men to die any longer! You've come this far, and still you do not realize the true nature of our conflict? Well, it does not matter. Insubordination is the essence of war. It's no use, Doc. I can't hit him. Your sharpshooting is as dull as ever. How did you manage to get into the Schutzstaffel? Major! Mm-hmm, shoot him. He is a defeatist. Arm the remaining crewmen, Lieutenant. I leave anyone who will not follow orders to your discretion. Instruct them in the fundamentals of our conflict. He who comes to strike down another must be struck down by another. Besides, the mission has all gone according to plan, hasn't it? This war has never once escaped the tiny grasp of the palm of my hand. Master... Who... Who... is that...? Ah... that... is me... God, I will in no way beg for mercy from you. Fight! All of you, fight for the sake of God! God will not help those who beg for help. He will not save those who beg for mercy. Those are not prayers, but mere petitions to God. You may die. Fighting is prayer itself. At the end of such an astonishing prayer, God will descend. Jerusalem will descend! Tattered, fractured, rent, and scattered, prayer after prayer after prayer, God will descend before our miserable, our wretched selves, from out of Heaven! So then... So then, did they descend? Either God, or Jerusalem? What's the matter? Answer me, King. The king has gone mad. They all died. They all died. For you, for those who believed you, for your paradise, for your god, for your prayers, they all died. You killed foe, you killed friend, the people you were to protect, the country you were to govern, man and woman, elder and child, until even yourself... Incorrigible. You are an absolutely incorrigible monster, Count. If, nevertheless, you will trek through capitulation... Master...! A voice... calling to me... Master! Who is it that calls me? Master! Oh, it's you. Master! Master! It burns. His world... burns up. Master! Master! Keep it down, policewoman. Your voice carries out as loud as ever. Almost like that of a resounding song. Master! Anderson... I would not have minded being defeated by you... ...had it been that day... Had it been that wasteland at sunset, on that day, 523 years ago... I would have given you my heart. But I cannot do that any longer. You cannot defeat me! At any time, it is only a human that can defeat a monster. It must be... a human! Integra... There are many undead monsters in the world. Looking at them, I had a thought. Do they really wish to be undead? Most of them desire conflict, a gory battle. As it is, this is nigh unto sobbing for, or craving, what they want. This is a cry out of desire for death. Nosferatu, the No Life King. His castle, his land, his subjects, the souls of his loved ones, as well as his own soul, everything and anything he ever had vanished, and he became a specter, merely walking from one conflict toward the next. But as for me, Integra... That terrifying, immortal monster appears to me as a terribly wretched, wretched child, broken down and crying weakly. You are me! You are me! I was also the way you are! I was also the way you are! Do not weep, fiend. Were you chased by a child? Do not weep, fiend. You became a fiend because you didn't want to cry, right? It is because a man cries until his tears dry up that they become fiends, and are reduced to being monsters, until that's all they are. So then, laugh. Laugh arrogantly and insolently. Like you always do. I pass on. You keep living on. How much longer must your miserable self keep living? Until the greatness of my past is demolished by the greatness of my future. But hey, I will see you soon, my archenemy, someday, in Limbo. I hear voices. The voices of children... I hear their voices at play... The children... I must go... They're all waiting... Maxwell... You mustn't cry... everyone... Say your prayers... before bedtime... Amen... Amen. Amen. W-Walter! Is that you, Walter?! This is trash. When people die, they become trash. And trash has no need to be mourned. Isn't that right, Integra? Walter... Walter, what have they done to you? What have they done? They captured me, made me a vampire, brainwashed me, and sadly enough, forced me to fight against my former master. If that were my answer, would it satisfy you, Seras? I stand here without having been given orders by anyone. I stand here as myself. I stand here as Walter C. Dollneaz. I am planning to cut you up here, at daybreak, with full intent to kill. Walter... Why, Walter?! Do not call me by name! N-No, don't! I'll kill you! I'll kill you! I'll kill you! I'll kill you! I don't give a damn about your master-servant business! Makes no difference to me! Spatial constriction?! Shimabara Sword Style - Shoki! I got you! You got nothing. I got you. With the cry and strike that it may be so, I slip my way out of this world... Yumie! No one can stand in my way. I will allow no one to interfere with my revolt. Sir Islands... Has Her Majesty been secured in the Casemate? Yes. The nuclear sub Nereid is headed this way. If the damage spreads any further, we will have her flee to Canada. What is the status in London? It is the height of chaos, the same as before. Penwood's last message was the last official communication. Penwood, eh? Yes. Penwood. That fool. That was uncharacteristically heroic of him. Everyone made light of him, saying he was a fool, but who knew how great a fool he actually was? They'll pay. How dare they take away our great friend! How dare they take away our great ally! Yeah, they'll pay. Those Nazi lowlifes! Those maggots! We have to make sure we take vengeance for him. We can clear the vampires out of our installations across the land with about a half-days' worth of time. All thanks to the strike teams you positioned ahead of time. However, the problem is London. It's all we can do right now just to erect the blockades. Her Majesty and the powers that be are considering a counterstrike that includes the final solution. Nukes? That's right. A phase that renounces London, involving three Trident SLBMs from the Nereid. However, that is a last strategy. A nuclear strike on our own people would be infamous. Besides, Her Majesty has faith. London is still in the heat of battle. There are still those who are fighting. Yes, fighting indeed. Including that daughter of Arthur's. Islands, when the younger members made accusations toward Penwood concerning the traitors who were at the Round Table, you categorically rejected them, didn't you? That's right. He was incompetent, but he was a man among men. If it came to treason, he would have surely taken his own life. Then who was it? You and I are the only ones from the Round Table left. Was it you? Or was it me? Don't be ridiculous. If I were ever to turn traitor, I would first put it in writing and circulate it to all of you. I do have misgivings about one thing, though. When Arthur... When Integra's father died, I cautioned them... His brother, Richard, was a dangerous man. He would definitely try to kill Integra, and claim the family name for his own. "Don't take your eyes off of Richard, and don't take your eyes off of Integra, either." I warned the butler - the Hellsing Family butler, Walter C. Dollneaz. But then, the night of the attack, where was he? What was he doing? Arthur realized how dangerous Arucard was, and locked him in the basement. However, that evening, when Richard was pursuing Integra, she released him, and she became his master. What if all of these events had been leading toward that end? What if he was acting toward that goal from the beginning? And if so, how long has he been against us? 10 years? 20 years? Or perhaps, since September of 1944, in Warsaw? He shot through my cheeks! Why, when he could have killed me? "Don't interfere." Is that it? He took pity on me! Pity! Pity! Does he not consider me to be a fighting force? Am I a defeated soldier? Does he not even regard me as an enemy?! Heinkel! Are you all right, Heinkel? I'm fine! Never mind me, see to Yumie! It's hopeless. Yumie has had it. Yumie... Yumie...! Damn it! Damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it! That bastard! That bastard! That filthy butler! Give me that! The gun! Give me your gun! You can't go injured like that, Heinkel! I don't care! I don't care anymore! I'll kill him! If nothing else, I'll kill that filthy butler bastard! I'll kill him! I'll kill him! Get up! Get up and fight, Hellsing! Arucard! Hey there, Reaper! You once said Englishmen looked forward to growing old, didn't you? You said that you declined any glory that wasn't easily won, didn't you? In your aged form, you were billions, even trillions of times more attractive. What an ugly form that is. Have you become a reaper, both body and soul? That's right. This world is but a single night's dream within a much larger battleground. At the moment of daybreak, I have at last become its Reaper! Get up and fight, Arucard! You and I are both just dogs now. Running dogs. Dogs which do not bark for themselves. Orders! Give me your orders, my lord! I can kill. Without the slightest hesitation, and without the least regret, I can strike someone dead. That is because I am a monster. And you are... Integra. I will stand with guns readied. I will take aim with them. I will load ammo in their magazines, pull back their slides, and I will release their safeties. However, any killing will be done at your will. Now, what will it be? Your orders, Director of Hellsing, Integral Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing?! Speak! Speak! Speak! Tell him, Fräulein! Speak! Speak! Speak! Speak! Speak up! Speak up! Speak! Say it! Start talking! Tell him, my lady! Search and destroy! Search and destroy! My servant, I have given you an order! Nothing has changed! Lay waste to all forces that oppose us! Keep pressing forward and smash through any obstacle in your way! No matter who that may be! No matter what that may be! No matter... who... ...that may be... Ah, she said it! She finally said it! She told him! She told him! Yes, my Master. Outstanding! You truly were a master worthy of my service. I am no longer going to ask "Why?" or "What happened?" You have now become my enemy. You have become an enemy of Hellsing. You have become an enemy of Britain! That's what you've done! You must be defeated! You must be destroyed! Well said, Integral Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing! I was wrong to call you an amateur. I won't do it again. You have now at last become my enemy. You have become a powerful force worth beating, and my great and wonderful archenemy. Destiny has shuffled the cards. Come to me! I call! Das Dritte Reich. Seien Sie herzlich willkommen. Go on. Go ahead. Go and kill them. Go, conquer, and put an end to this. Yes. Off I go to conquer. M-Master... Go on, Seras. Our master needs a retinue. Go and bring an end to the man's long dream. It has been 55 years. Morning has now come. I will bring an end to my long night with this man. Walter... Um, this may be strange for me to say, but... um... thanks for all you've done up to now. Take care. You, too. Hurry! Right! Walter, farewell! Farewell. Farewell, and die. Welcome, madam. I'm holding all jokers. I'm putting an end to all of this. I call. Fine women, aren't they? You are now mine. You are my... You are the beloved servant of my dear master, and myself, alone. No longer your own. Are you angry, Reaper? Get angry! Get angry! This fools' dance I've had with you ends today! Chew on this! Like you said, once upon a time, there are no such things as immortal freaks. Your words are true! As of now, they don't exist! I will kill you until you perish. That won't work! Black Dog, Baskerville... Stay your bark, mongrel! So, what is next? What will you do now? Arucard the Vampire, you're just a simple vampire! Who is it that made that gun? Have you forgotten? That was for bringing down Anderson, wasn't it? And I am not Anderson. - Hmm? - What's this? Oh, it's him! Let's see, who is that again...? Oh, it's that guy! With the brother! That is Luke. Warrant Officer Luke Valentine. It looks as though he was swallowed by the dog, and kept there. With the dog dead, its control over him has changed, and he has manifested himself. W-What is this?! What happened? What is happening?! Imagine, you showing up here, Luke Valentine... If you fancy yourself a minor Nazi, then I will let you fight! My body... won't hold out... Already...? No, we agreed. We agreed, and I struck back. We agreed, and this is what became of me! It's you! You must be hard to stomach. A half-digested failure at becoming even excrement. Quite the amusing marionette you've acquired, Walter! No! No, not yet! I can't die yet! Not yet! I still haven't defeated Arucard! Sure enough. He didn't have any time left, anyway. It was quite a reckless procedure to undergo. Nay! Everything that we could have given to him, we gave. Everything that we could have taken from him, we took. His life, his master, his loyalty, his devotion, he staked them all, and it still wasn't enough! And so, he even borrowed money to stake from scoundrels like us. Even if, by doing so, the interest is so exorbitant that with the morning's light, and the cock's crow, he is ruined. For 50 years, he has staked everything to take on Arucard. Just like we have. He staked it all on one night's battle. Destiny has shuffled the cards, and you get one hand. You are only dealt one hand! You're taking on the joker! So then, what are you, Walter C. Dollneaz? Not too shabby, Luke Valentine! You deserved better than to be fed to my dog. Checkmate! My puppet has been beaten, has it? Even so! I've got you cornered. It's over, Arucard! Yeah. Let's put an end to this fools' dance. Quickly... get to his heart... His heart... His heart... No... this isn't right...! Yes, you missed. What a shame. I thought I was empty. This half-eaten dog food is surprisingly tasty. What's the matter, man in black? Stand up. I can't have you giving up on me after just one punch, kid. Because you used a deviant method of becoming a vampire, your regenerative and restorative powers are lagging, and your body is being pulverized. Now then, what is to become of you? You can no longer maintain that form, can you? Not like during your heyday. So, what will you become? Will you revert to being an old man? Or rather, will you become a kid again? Hey there, Walter! It's been 60 years! What do you think you're doing? Stop screwing with me! I am not screwing with you. You are the one screwing around. I am just sticking around for your parlor tricks - your child's play. The form you take on means nothing to me. Just like I told you 60 years ago. Not to mention the reason why you betrayed us, perhaps. You have a poor memory, kid. There is nothing here. In the end, the final analysis, this is just a schoolyard spat. That is why we became kids, both you and I. Such is the true nature of war. If you cannot overcome that, you cannot be yourself. To that end, you must turn everything upside down and sell it at a loss. Yes, who I was 500 years ago... Who I am now... Anderson... The Major... You wanted to fight me, right? Otherwise, you couldn't take even one more step forward, right? You don't know the way to move forward, do you? Are you afraid of becoming useless? Are you afraid of growing old? Are you afraid of being forgotten? John Bull? Don't be ridiculous. You're the one screwing around. You are a kid. You haven't changed at all in 60 years. You're still just a skinny little urchin. Now, bring it on, you filthy brat! My wake, in ecstasy Within the abyss blooms my dirty reward Lost mind, full of guile Sundered crimson, I like my scars In search of the reason why I was born That which is mine, belonging to none else, into an impure world You know what "I" mean? Ah, tell me, why? (I'm missing. I'm lost. Not like myself) (But, saw the light in despair) Blood to the labyrinth of pleasure and forever (Bring you down! Take you down! No way out! Right now!) So, finally all the same, just the way they are (Bring you down! Take you down! No way out! Right now!) Go ahead and admit even the fallen pride of your own shattered self An eye-opening harsh blaze with a wink to your burning blood The truth is in your scars 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 