Criminal: France: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Criminal: France 
 s1e1 - Émilie - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Criminal: France (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Émilie - full transcript 
 As a woman recounts her memories of the attack at the Bataclan, which killed her boyfriend, detectives become convinced that she's hiding something. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES [Olivier] Do you remember what they were playing? - [Émilie] When? - When it started. It was "Kiss the Devil." It's one of their best songs. The one we were all waiting for. Almost as if... almost as if the effect would be greater at that moment. [Omar] And you were in the pit at that point, right in front of the stage? - No. - [Olivier] No? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No. Earlier, you said you were in the front row. Not at that moment. When they started singing the song, I was at the bar. [Omar] It's important to tell us what happened very precisely. I went to get a couple of beers at the bar, I returned to Alex... moving through many people who were dancing. Everyone was going wild. The people were caught up in it... Then... The confusion set off. Crackers everywhere. The singer looked up and stopped singing. Then the silence was terrible. And people... people didn't know what to do, before it started over again. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And then there was utter panic. Another round of cracking noise rang out. Some people ran, others threw themselves on the floor, screaming and crying. We should take a break. And you, did you panic? Of course I did. I tried to get back to Alex, but I had to get down on the floor like everyone around me. That's when I... when I noticed Alex was already on the floor. Right in front of you? - Was he face-down? - Yes. So Alex had been murdered? How did you know he was dead? Did you see blood? Lots of blood? That's enough. The room was pitch black. I'm wondering how she saw that. Well, it was pitch black only for a second and then the lights were back on. It was as if... a complete nightmare. [Omar] Miss Weber, we know this is tough. Our colleagues knew people who were at the Bataclan so we're trying to understand more. She's already given a full statement to your team in counterterrorism. Yes, I know. The Prosecutor has asked us to verify it. Alex was shot during the first rounds of gunfire, right? - Could you see who did it? - Mm-hmm. Can you tell us more? [Émilie] I think I saw three or four. [Omar] Three or four? Which? [Emilie] Three. They had those assault rifles and marched around us. They were checking for movement. Looking to see if anyone was moving. And then the sound of someone's mobile... And another round of gunshots. Just an excuse to shoot them like rabbits. To make sure nobody got away. And you, you played dead? It was all I could do. I remember, one of them approached me. He stopped right there, just above me. And... I managed to keep my eyes closed and he continued to move past us. It still haunts me. I imagine he keeps watching me, my telephone rings, then he shoots. Thank goodness you got out. If he had shot me, I'd be with Alex. [Omar] So you were on the floor. Then what? For some time, just silence. Alex was practically in front of me. Um... There were these weird smells. A mix of fear and powder. And I was wet all over. I didn't know... if it was beer, or if I had wet myself. Is it fair to put her through this again? Standard procedure. It's too much. [high-pitched whining] [haunting music playing] [Émilie] So? Is that enough sordid details? How were you able to leave there? I remember there was a gap when I heard something. The clicks of metal... I thought they were loading their weapons. Then around me, people tried to run as fast as they could to the fire escape. I didn't think, I just ran. I don't even know how I ended up outside. - So you just left your boyfriend there? - That's enough insinuations. If it was my wife, I don't think I could have left her there like that. [tense music playing] [humming] [Omar] What exit did you leave through? [Émilie] The one near the stage. [Omar] On the right? [Émilie] No, on the left. The one behind the curtain. An exit comes out on Passage Amelot. There was nowhere to go. Everyone was running like mad. I remember someone was hanging out of an open window. And a girl who was so terrified that she wasn't looking and crashed into a post, and collapsed in front of me. [Omar] Did you help her? No. I just carried on running away. I couldn't think of anyone except for Alex. I was thinking about him just before those people arrived. I had gone to buy the beers at the bar, when... I noticed him standing near the stage. He... was moving his head like he was enjoying the song that was playing, he was pretending to have fun but actually, he hated the song and the band. It wasn't his kind of music. He was an illustrator. He was in the process of publishing his first graphic novel with Léonard, his best friend. But nobody was fully aware of his talent. He bought the tickets for me because I kept annoying him. And now I can't bear his kindness. If I'd left him alone... He shouldn't have listened to me. We'd still be together. [lawyer] Do you have what you need? Are we done here? All the members of the Association of Victims Aid have agreed to cooperate. My client is here to answer questions, though she doesn't know why. - You're getting paid. - I'm not here for the money. And believe me, I barely cover my expenses. You seem reasonable. Maybe we should just leave it here. Unless for some reason you wish to reproach my client. So I'd like to get back to what happened in the room when you were on the floor with Alex. Between the moment when the shooting began, and you were able to run towards the exit, how long would you say that was? I don't know, a minute? [Olivier] One minute? Perhaps a minute and a half. Under two minutes? Yeah. Could you repeat that louder for the recording, if you don't mind? - Under two minutes. - Thank you. On the balcony, anything up there? The balcony? When the lights were back on and you saw the assailants, did you see the balcony as well? I don't know. I'm not sure. What was going on up there? Like below, the panic completely engulfed everybody. Could you elaborate a little? - What can I say? - During the panic. The guys who could get out through the skylight, could you see them? I don't understand what you're talking about. What skylight? There's no skylight. The people hid in the attic from a dressing room. Everyone knows that. What was your name again? Omar. Could you remind your colleague that I'm a victim in all this, OK? - The Prosecutor of Paris said so. - I'm aware of that. Just need a little bit more of what you saw. The shooters, you said there were three. - Were their faces covered? - No. Would you describe them as pretty tall? Pretty small? - Overweight? - Pretty normal. Normal? Yes, normal. You want me to repeat? All the other witnesses described the silhouettes as "massive." Oh. Well... I guess my memories aren't as clear as they were. And that the shooters looked massive because they wore various explosives, people said. Enough. This is getting ridiculous. What are you saying, Captain? A complaint has been lodged against your client. - Think twice. - An accusation of fraud. - You can see what she's been through. - She hasn't been through anything. Because she wasn't at the Bataclan the night of November 13th. That's why she's here. Because the lies must end now. OK... Progress. [tense music playing] [beep] How does it look from your side? We having a great time, why do you ask? I don't know who had the idea of giving this job to Audrey, but we got the wrong number. Seriously, why are we harassing this poor girl? It's a strategy of Audrey's, not ours. Well, it's going too far. All we've got is an accusation. If that falls through we've got nothing. That's Audrey's problem, though, not ours. That's the beauty of it. He's just pissed off because he's not team leader. There's a surprise! [Olivier] So, it's 14:28. We resume the interrogation with the same people present in the room. [lawyer] My client has suffered enough. - May I use my tablet? - It's not procedure, usually. Yes or no? These photos were taken by witnesses after the attack, so I assume you have them in your archives, too. This is the Passage Amelot. The images aren't very clear but it gives you an idea of what it was like being there. And if you look closely... There. I was there. Would you acknowledge that? Uh-huh. [Émilie] Could you state that for the recording? That is you, I confirm. And you can apologise. So back to the Bataclan. Do you think this photo proves that you were at the Bataclan? - That is the Bataclan. - No, it's Passage Amelot. Which runs alongside the Bataclan. She's there! In front of, yes, but not in. I don't understand what you want. How much longer do I have to do this for? Do you have a bet or what? Does this photo show you inside the Bataclan? The question is simple. Yes? No? - No. - No! My thanks. [pulsing music playing] [ping] [pulsing music continues] [beeping] [machine whirring] Why do we have video surveillance showing Alex alone, entering the Bataclan? Because I arrived after him. - [Olivier] He didn't wait for you? - No. I told him to get a place near to the stage. [Omar] We're not going over all this to make you suffer. Someone's accused you of lying. But who? - Miss Weber... - No! I have a right to know. Is it... It's our job. People are claiming to be at the Bataclan just to get compensation. Many that you find revolting. You've posted tweets about them. So we're checking. If what they're saying isn't true and you were in the room, great. All we want is the truth. Come on, let's work together on this. Even if that upsets you. - [keypad beeping] - [door buzzing] [Audrey] Back already? [Laetitia] Is that a problem? I was bored stiff at home. With nothing to do. So I stopped by. Maybe you need to get out more. [Omar] Can't you remember any details? Anything that proves you were there? [lawyer] Do you have anything that proves she wasn't there? [Omar] Miss Weber, please try to remember... What's she doing here? [Émilie] What else can I say? I was there. I follow her on Instagram. She's got thousands of followers. She's an activist for the Association of Victims Aid. She's a tough woman, she was at the Bataclan. Or that's what she claims. [Olivier] You know how much money the government has released to the victims' compensation fund? - No. - 300 million. You received something, didn't you? You were paid 28,000 euros. - What did you do with it? - [lawyer] That's irrelevant. Not to me. Fine, I'll tell you. One day it arrived in my account. I didn't know what to do with it. It... It disgusted me. I thought, "Why would you accept this payment? Your boyfriend's dead, and that won't change." When I saw that money, I saw Alex lying on the floor. [Olivier] So you didn't spend it? No answer? [Omar] Bear in mind that we have access to your bank accounts. I just wasted it. You get it? On whatever. A variety of holidays... I spent a week in the sun with Alex's mother. Trying to turn our backs on all this shit. But getting away like that, you soon see it doesn't solve anything. We were together but we always felt alone. So after that, I... I started to see things differently. I'd never be able to forget what had happened and I really wanted to remember. And that's why I blog, why I tweet. I want to help others by talking about my life. I'm trying to put the pieces back together. I guess you've read what I've written, so why would I recollect these events in my head if I wasn't there? Do you really think I'm an impostor? I have no idea. That's for you to say. If she is a liar, she's a bloody good one. Because she has an answer for everything? Because you can't simulate those emotions. [Omar] We couldn't find anyone who remembered seeing you. [Émilie] I don't remember anyone either. - [Omar] Really? - [Émilie] Yeah. - Not a single person? - Alex. [Omar] Besides Alex. [Émilie] It was a concert, not a dinner party. I came to see the band. Are you a big fan of the Eagles of Death Metal? - [Émilie] I used to be a fan. - [Omar] What does that mean? If your boyfriend is killed at one of their concerts then they kind of slip down your playlist. Does that make sense? Alex was the one. He was my first. We were an amazing couple. So now we've been separated. That's all I can think about. For the last time, my client has been more than cooperative. Make a decision to charge her or let her go. Is she lying? [Audrey] Apparently she was reported by one of her friends. So she wasn't there? - Shit, I can't believe it! - [Gérard] Laetitia... That makes me want to throw up. We have friends who were injured that night. Cécile Boisson suffered badly that night, remember? Might never get over what she saw, and now she doesn't answer her phone. Calm down. She'll never walk again. Her life's over. [sighs] Stop shaking your head. Where were you that night? Where were you? Busy studying? With your nose in a book for your officer's exam or something? Is that a problem? What do you think, Gérard? Let's hear. On Friday the 13th? She struts right in here with zero experience. - Who's the impostor here? - Stop it now! Laetitia, you shouldn't even be here. [loud thumping] You lying bitch! You should be ashamed! [Audrey] Shit! Well, that's quite enough, Captain. No, I decide when we stop. Your colleague decided for you. Remain there. [door slams] Have you gone mad? Do you want to ruin this? What are you even doing here? I'm due back in three days anyway. Have you forgotten about Cécile? Of course not. She's making it all up. It's not true. Will you let me prove it, then? What we you thinking, screaming and shouting like that? I should be in the room. And you should be in charge of the case. Yes, I should be. - Check the records of her telephone? - Yeah. Should tell us where she really was. Her telephone was turned off, so it gets us nowhere. I guess it ties in with her story. What way? When you turn off your telephone it's for a good reason. Like a concert. Huh? Of course you turn off your telephone at a rock concert! What about her bank card? She paid for her lunch with it. After that, nothing. And the beers at the concert weren't bought by her. The card was his. Omar went upstairs to check over everything. There are inconsistencies in her story, but we don't have much to go on. [sighs] A cold beer... and a good smoke... I thought your wife made you quit as part of the deal. Get back in the room, you shouldn't be out here! [Laetitia] She has no right. [sinister music playing] [ticking] - [keypad beeping] - [door buzzing] I think we're going to go. We'll let you work out your crisis amongst yourselves. I shouldn't leave now. It looks like you're trying to hide something. I've nothing to hide. Just a couple more things to check with you, OK? It is me, Captain, or have you lost some of your motivation? - So... - [audio recorder beeps] Your phone remained off during the concert. Yes, I had no battery. - Convenient. - No. If it had been on, it would prove I was there. I see your partner's left. Shame. I felt better with him than you. You're going to keep me here in the hallway like I'm a child? Actually no, Laetitia, as this isn't school. You have a choice. You either stay here or go home. No more problems, OK? I've found something. - [keypad beeping] - [door buzzing] For the record: Brigadier Omar Matif has re-entered the room at 14:44. [Omar] You were right, Miss Weber. We had photos in our archives. Photos taken by Alain Berbizier. Maybe you know him through the association. So here's the problem: this photo was taken at 21:59, nineteen minutes after the shooting began. Not possible. [Omar] 21:59, that's when his iPhone recorded the photo. - It's written here. - It's an error. - It's not an error. - There has to be something wrong. A clock on a telephone isn't always right. - When does that happen? - Quite often. This telephone is fine, though. I verified its accuracy with the filming at the start of the concert. [pulsing music playing] I don't understand. Could you explain something? You said that you ran towards the exit two minutes after the shooting began. [Olivier] You actually said under two minutes. Perhaps it was longer than I said, I've no idea. It was chaos. [Omar] Seventeen minutes longer? Maybe I returned. To be honest, I don't remember any more. Did I return? You should try to remember. My therapist says it's normal if what I say is fragmented. It's a strategy to survive. It's true, no? The survivors, apparently they never remember it the same way twice. It's due to the traumatism. Will you tell them? I can't help. She's just lost her lawyer, there. OK, is it possible to zoom in on Miss Weber's hand? The cigarettes? Yeah. I just told you I got them before the concert. So you leave in a panic in the middle of a massacre with your cigarettes held in your hand? Are you fucking with us? Because of fraud, the investigations are getting longer and longer. Everything is gone through with a fine tooth comb. And the real victims are humiliated. But I blog for the association, as I said. In that case, tell us the truth. For them. [sinister music playing] [voice shaking] I was there, but... But I was delayed. I was late leaving the office. My phone was off. I had completely lost track of how late it had got. I stopped at a store to pick up some... Dumarak. I saw the time there. - [Omar] Dumarak? - The cigarettes in the photo. The cigarettes are Indonesian, with cloves. The cigarettes were for Alex. He'd tried to stop smoking dozens of times, so I would buy them and then keep them on me. When I saw the clock, I panicked. The concert had started. I ran and found a taxi. I was 15 minutes away. Not far. In the taxi, the driver told me that there had been attacks. He mentioned the Stade de France. He said he could feel something in the air. And then he said something I'll never forget. He said, "Paris is still alive, even with all these sirens." He let me out as close to the Bataclan as possible, but it was impossible to approach. [Omar] Were the police already there? Not sure. There were so many people and everyone was in shock. I just wanted Alex, to know where he was. I finally ended up doing a tour of Boulevard Voltaire and I passed by Passage Amelot. [Omar] And that's the photo? That's it. I was just so worried about him. I didn't intend to not tell the truth. I was thinking about him the whole time, worried he was inside. I could feel it. You should have been at the concert with him. But you arrived too late. That's why you lied. I was trapped outside. There was nothing I could do. It was totally absurd. And in the end you invented this whole story. And kept doing it. But why? Because I felt responsible. [Omar] Many people who survived that night suffer from tremendous guilt. They didn't lie. Can I get my telephone out? I've something I'd like you to listen to. I don't remember how I got back home. I've no idea. I just remember that I wanted to vomit. Then when I arrived home, I heard this message. I must have listened to it 100 times before I replied. [woman] Émilie, we can't get hold of either of you. Alex isn't answering. I've left him messages. I just want to say, we saw what happened. We don't know where you are. Alex told us you were going to a concert tonight, but I can't remember which one. Can you call me back, please? Just tell me everything's all right. That you're all right. We wanted to tell you that we love you. [sobbing] I can't believe this is happening. Émilie, call me back please, soon. [beep] [Omar] That's Alex's mother? What should I have said to her? That her son had died, all alone in that fucking concert? And on top of that, I forced him to see a band he didn't even like? When she called me back, she was so dignified and told me to be courageous. So how could I let her down? I wasn't able to tell her the truth. I told her I was with Alex, and that I was lucky enough to get out. Then she focused on me, as if I were her daughter. So I began playing the role. That was all I intended. Everything began to accelerate. I had to talk about it with my friends on social sites. Once you start to lie, you just keep going. But I swear to you, there were days when I really believed I was there. Except that you weren't ever there. Your client will be prosecuted for fraud and for perjury. [solemn music playing] [beep] What's that for? I'd like to propose something. [lawyer] What were you saying? We've got to work together? - No, it doesn't work that way. - You're in charge here, yeah? No. I want to speak to your superior. [Audrey over intercom] Bring her through. Not in the corridor. Laetitia's out there. [sniffing] - [keypad beeping] - [door buzzing] Sorry, Audrey, I didn't realise this was your case. Now you do. We studied law together. I think you should cut my client some slack, don't you? Her confessions are vague, full of emotion... Perhaps they don't need to be in the final report. Uh-huh? Do you want her to suffer? She's committed fraud. The Prosecutor will want to press charges. Audrey, it's unfair. She was there at the Bataclan, when he died. What's that worth? Thirty thousand euros? Fifteen? Let's forget it, OK? And I'll do the same thing for you. So what is it you want to say? I'm talking about the conduct of your colleague, Brigadier Serra, who's not authorised to be on the premises. She's supposed to be on sick leave, isn't she? Wait, how do you know that? Who told you that? [lawyer] Yet, here she is. She's intimidated my client. You all saw her bang on the window. She insulted her, and then, her behaviour in the corridor was unacceptable. The result being, she distressed my client. Not to mention breach of protocol. I think we should let this one go. - Your client lied. - And she's sorry. No, she's sorry that we proved that she was never there. The disturbance of Brigadier Serra changes nothing for your client. You really want to do this? With all the problems it will cause your team? Not to mention the risk of bringing everyone back and starting again. Olivier, you've gone quiet. You seem to think you deserve to be in charge. What should I do? I think you should play by the rules, right? Everybody would win. [pulsing music playing] She will be charged. If you wish to make a complaint about my colleague, I'll accept the consequences. [Omar] If you wouldn't mind... [exhales] [Olivier] So, I'm informing you that you're going to be prosecuted. [Omar] You'll have a hearing, and you and your lawyer will have access to your case file. [mournful music playing] You need to go home. You're putting us at risk here. You should go, Laetitia. Here. If I eat any more of these I'll throw up. My wife made me promise, no more sugar. Sounds like you've got an exciting life, too. Exactly. [elevator pings] [Gérard] Miss Weber? I was watching the interrogation. You wanted to know who turned you in. - And we replied that we couldn't say. - Exactly. His name is Léonard Meier. Alex's best friend. Alex's cigarette brand, Dumaraks, are pretty hard to find. There's only one tobacconist that sells them. I know, I've smoked my whole life. The shop that sells them is on Rue Belgrand, just next-door to the apartment of Mr. Meier. Does he not have a charger for your telephone? Why are you saying that? Well, during the interrogation you said that you arrived late because you were caught up at work. But I would say that you were still with Mr. Meier. So... what were you doing at his place with your phone off at the end of the day? What were you doing that was so engaging that it made you forget the time and the concert? [Omar] What are you talking about? I think the mendacities carried on long before the attack. There were two people involved. When did you get together? Alex had a bad time trying to publish his book, which made him really difficult to live with. And with Léonard, it hadn't happened before. Just that one time. But then after the attacks... he kept messaging me. He had decided, because of what had happened we should be together. He hasn't stopped persisting. So two weeks ago, I decided enough was enough, and that was it. That's probably why he turned you in. [Émilie sniffs] Alex died with more and more love for me, when I should be detested. Can we go back? [Omar] Go back? Into that room. I want to explain. That won't make any difference to the case. But a difference to me. I want the truth on record for Alex and his mother. [haunting music playing] [beep] [Olivier] At 15:25, the interview restarts in the presence of Captain Hagen, Brigadier Matif and Counsellor Bertin. Please state your name for the tape, and why you are here. [Émilie] My name is Émilie Weber. And I am here to tell the truth. [haunting music continues] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 