Criminal: France: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Criminal: France 
 s1e2 - Caroline - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Criminal: France (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Caroline - full transcript 
 After a casualty at a building site, the team interrogates a construction executive who seems to know more about the victim than she's letting on. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES Your jewellery and barrettes. We begin the recording at 9:11 p.m. Captain Hagen and Sergeant Matif are present. You're in custody for attempted murder. Your phone. Your Legion of Honour. What happened? Were you scared the workers would strike? That the site would close? You'll see that 24 hours is a long time. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - He's a good bluffer. - He's not bluffing. One time he waited more than 16 hours before a guy started talking. Our old boss loved it. Well, she looks tough. Her pretentiousness is so annoying. He prepared you? This is new. Big bosses are coached by their lawyers when in custody. I'm curious, what did he teach you? To breathe calmly? To stare at your interviewer? And did you teach yourself to push an unruly worker into the void? - Must you use this tone? - Counsellor. You cannot speak to me like that. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Shit, he's good. The first testimonies state the victim stood up against you. He annoyed you that much? And the presumption of innocence? I prefer to focus on the truth, thanks. Let's get serious here. Yes, I was at the work site, in the prefab offices, 100 yards from the scene of the accident. Do you have any witnesses? Your colleagues found me and asked me to come here. And no one else was there. That's right, I was working on the schedules alone. Why weren't you in the cushy offices in the 8th arrondissement? Because I'm very hands-on. And this type of site requires you to be present. Imagine the size of an office tower's construction site. It means pouring concrete from 360 feet up in the heart of the business district. Think about the noise, the people, the dust. Even at night? This project costs hundreds of millions of euros. And we're already nine weeks behind schedule. So yes, I'm working overtime. And I'm not the only one. You must've found hundreds of mobile phones in that sector, right? Given the altitude, there's only one tower. At the time of the fall, 19 people were there. We have all of their alibis. Unlike you, none of them were alone. So my first question is simple: did you push Walid Benaoud? Your insinuations are ridiculous. If I got rid of my detractors, no one would be left in the building industry. Are you saying there are other cases? You've no idea what I've had to face to work my way up in this predominantly male field. As a woman, I was always getting shot down by guys like you. Honestly, conflict doesn't scare me. And I never had to use physical strength to get respect. Violence can be a last resort and your reaction can take you by surprise. That's why I always come back to the facts. Then let's get back to the facts. Other than your unfounded conjectures, a so-called phone and your little angry misogynist act, do you have any evidence? I'm just trying to understand. Your attempt to manipulate me is pathetic. The truth is you have nothing. I love it when Olivier lets them think they've scored a point. She'll never confess. Bosses are always like this. They have a hard time owning up to their mistakes. Even though it feels good to do so. It's a relief. Only when you're guilty. And for the last time, I didn't snitch about Laetitia's sick leave, OK? Can you tell me how he's doing? It just so happens we have some evidence. At the site, our colleagues noted that in the spot where the victim fell, the guardrails had been removed. You really think someone pushed him? The removal of the guardrails makes it look premeditated. Again, I had nothing to do with it. I'd like to believe you. The only problem is our colleagues found this on the ground. BARRETTE You don't find it odd that one of my barrettes was found exactly where he fell? It rather seems to speak for itself. Enough already. It's clear that someone was trying to frame me and make sure I'd have to explain myself to you. Do you have enemies, Ms Solal? Success can create some hostility, especially for a woman. Making me the scapegoat would allow someone else to take my place. And there are plenty waiting to do that. Can you think of anyone in particular? Our competitors. Or my last foreman, a brilliant engineer but a male chauvinist. Former? Yes, I had to fire him rather quickly. He created a toxic environment. You don't like being questioned. Neither do you, it seems. From what I've read, you're known for being authoritarian. The words of those who can't take orders from a woman. Someone got in, pushed one of my men and made sure that I'd be accused. You have quite an imagination. But my colleagues checked the surveillance footage and confirmed that no one trespassed. Well then, I don't know. I visited the site this morning to motivate the team to work faster. I must've lost my barrette then. How is he doing? Why do you keep asking? You're surprised I'd like to know how one of my men is doing? What's she playing at? She wants us to believe she gives a shit about her workers? No, she's asking about him because she's afraid he'll talk. She'll tell us her version once she knows he's dead. Perhaps. But how can I be sure you're not just checking whether he can talk or not? I understand. Can you keep me informed about his health status? Thank you. Bye. The victim went into theatre two hours ago. They stopped the bleeding. There's still hope, but he's not out of the woods yet. Wait, you're granting her request? No, we won't tell her yet. I want to hear her version. Or you could tell her that he's going to make it. So that she thinks he can talk and she won't tell us a bunch of lies? That's clever. Or tell her he's dead. Then she might not be as careful and it'd be easier to catch her in a lie. But that could be risky for our investigation. It's up to you. I won't take the risk. We'll use the info to bargain with her. But it's our only leverage for now. Let's go. What are we waiting for? Not another word until you tell me how he is. I'll ask, but first I need you to tell me why you're so concerned. Have you ever heard of empathy? Despite his outbursts, I like him. Everyone is against me at times, but as for him... I can't picture anyone on his team wanting to kill him. Meaning? He's a... a reliable and cheerful man. He is liked by his fellow rebar workers. Rebar workers? Those who assemble the metal frames that the concrete is poured onto. The reinforcement of reinforced concrete. Walid Benaoud had recently been promoted to foreman. She knows him. So you know him? Not really. But you said yourself that he'd stood up to me in public. That's hard to forget. But you know what his coworkers think of him. Did you check up on him to try to, I don't know, see how much trouble he could make? I did not push him! She's touching her mouth. She's hiding something. Is that in your textbooks? Do they tell you how to get rid of her sense of fucking impunity too? If you didn't do it, who did? You describe a man who gets along with everyone but you. Overall, yes, but sometimes there's tension between the teams. The concrete finishers always blame the rebar workers for delays. When the frames aren't ready? Yes, or the forms. - That's another team? - Yes, the form setters. They create moulds for the concrete. Sometimes things are tense between the groups. But killing one another? That's hard to believe. Yes, I agree. I still think you're the one who pushed him. Can we get back to the facts? Remember, you don't have to talk. On the contrary, I'll talk. Mr Hagen, you're out of line. This accident was awful. You and your team have no idea how many connections I have. I could get you transferred in no time. Your abrasiveness should make it even easier. Is she threatening him? Let's keep our cool. We can't be provoked. They didn't take any photos when the ambulance arrived? Yes, they did. Here they are. Their coworker was dying and they were taking pictures. All thanks to technology. An update? Laetitia, don't. Don't worry, I got the all-clear from my doctor. I'm allowed to be here, so I won't mess anything up. I said no. If she knows him, it'll be too much of a shock. We can't let her get away with this. If she talks about the victim, we can see what she's hiding. Where are you going? You want an update? Well, here you go. But it's not a pretty sight. Can you control your team? So? You don't want to see it? It hurts to see the consequences of your actions? Laetitia, out. She can't threaten us. Now. Let's take a break. The interview was interrupted at 9:31 p.m. - She's in shock. She'll crack. - He's right. - We'll keep pressuring her. - Confrontation isn't working on her. - You want me to go easy on her? - No. I want to try something else. Let's bring it down a notch, OK? That's a bad idea. We've done hundreds of interviews. You go back in, you'll say you're sorry, give her a coffee and tell her what the hospital said. It'll inspire trust. Then you can bring up her relationship to the victim. You know that this isn't a game, right? You have to focus on their relationship and let her talk. She won't admit she killed him over a cup of tea. - Forget it! - I believe I'm the one in charge here. You don't have to like me, but do as I say. This is ridiculous. Gérard, go get her a coffee and do as I say. - Feeling any better? - Stop acting like you give a shit. Well, it sure does look like it. Let's start over with a clean slate. Whenever you're ready, ma'am. I'm going to file a complaint. We're all going to take a deep breath. It'd be best if we forget about the threats you made. Walid Benaoud went into surgery two hours ago at Bichat Hospital. They were able to stop the bleeding. - Will he make it? - They don't know. He's not fully stable yet. The interview resumes at 9:40 p.m. Ma'am, you must understand why we have doubts. You insist on knowing if he'll make it, while also stating that you don't know him personally. FTR CONSTRUCTIONS REBAR FOREMAN I didn't push Walid. Walid? She's calling him Walid now. I asked about him because... I care about him a lot. Even more than that. OK, we're getting somewhere. Olivier, you want to take over? Excuse me, I'd like to speak to my client for a moment. No, he may not. You'll have to tell us a bit more about your fondness for him. You love him, but what about him? Does he love you? I mean, are you in a relationship? For the record, Captain Olivier Hagen has re-entered the room. So, are you in a relationship? Yes. Why didn't you tell us sooner? We promised we wouldn't tell anyone. We wanted to be in our own little world. And with his coworkers, it could've been awkward. I respect that. How long? Eight months. I'm sorry, but... what kind of relationship was this? We saw each other two to three times a week. And yes, we were sleeping together. Is it a dominance-type relationship? Is he your toy boy? Not at all. You see, we didn't want it public. But you cannot deny that you have a hierarchical relationship. SHE'S USING THE PAST TENSE I'm sorry, it must be due to my lack of imagination, but I'm having a hard time... A hard time picturing us together? We first met in the prefab offices. He was looking for Accounting. Apparently, they had overpaid him. I pointed him to the right office, but Walid didn't leave right away. He asked me who I was. Our building project was up to the eighth floor. We'd been there every day for five months. I'd visited the site dozens of times, yelled at the guys. I even threw some get-togethers. My name was on his overalls. Nonetheless, he didn't know who I was. Since I didn't answer right away, he asked me if I was also lost. When we met, I was on my way to fire some of the design team, who were way behind schedule. But then... within a few minutes, my anger dissipated. I enjoyed the moment and just said, "Caroline." He offered me a cigarette. We went up to the terrace that overlooked the site. And he said how proud he was to be a part of this crazy project. I had forgotten how beautiful the building site was. He asked me what time I got off and I burst out laughing. I was sure I had offended him. But I hadn't. Please go on. He waited for me out front in the cold. When I came down, everyone had gone. I didn't think he was serious. I immediately wanted to tell him who I was. He smiled. Waiting for me, he'd realised. He politely wished me good night and started to leave. My position posed a problem, as it did with everyone else. But then I decided to take action. I invited him to get a drink. We would see each other in secret, more and more frequently. Bullshit. Why do you say that? They're way too different. She's roping us into believing her fairy tale. I don't believe it either. She used the past tense quite a bit. You see? She's trying to put one over on us. Maybe. But she still could've pushed him. Did you feel betrayed when he brought up the poor working conditions in public? That's beside the point. We're nine weeks behind, with daily penalties amounting to what your team probably makes in a year. - Imagine the pressure. - You didn't answer the question. I am well aware of what I'm asking my men to do. But I have no choice. I can't change the system. Should I just fire everyone? Why did your lover all of a sudden speak up about work conditions? Did you go too far? I think when he became foreman he wanted to make pledges to his men, show them he was up to the task and would defend them. The other workers were behind him? Of course. Walid is charismatic and the guys forget we're in the same boat. You run a team. You must know how easy it is to make enemies. So threats of a labour dispute, or even a strike, were real. No, it was when they threatened to shut us down. What did you do? I gathered all the men together and explained that our jobs were on the line. We couldn't collapse or be divided before finishing this project and giving it our all. We all depended upon one another. If we poured concrete faster, finished a floor every other day, and if we all worked together, we could do it. I said that again this morning. That must be when I lost my barrette. Are you sure you weren't asking the impossible? For the last time, I didn't have a choice. In this predominantly male field, you have no idea how many people are expecting me to screw up to call my legitimacy into question, even within my teams. Threats, betrayal, a kind of paranoia... Isn't that all a bit extreme? Yes? I'm telling you that I love him, but you... - You still think I pushed him. - Yes. We just need your help to understand. The majority of murder attempts occur in private. The man I love is hospitalised. Hasn't this gone far enough? That was the hospital. He's dead. Fuck, she pulled it off. We won't hear his side. Did this public dispute put an end to your relationship? We had it out with one another, sure. But it didn't break us up. I don't know if you realise this, but you spoke of your relationship in the past tense. Here we go again with your crime of passion talk. - Maybe that's what it was? - You have no imagination. On the contrary, I find your paranoia interesting. You're convinced that you're being targeted. And what if that were true? What if Walid got close to you to manipulate you? Perhaps his coworkers chose him to take down their unyielding boss. That's absurd. Here's a possible scenario. Maybe you were blinded by your desire to be seduced. You believed in this fairy tale where he didn't know your name. Of course, you wondered if such a young, handsome man could fall in love with you. But you continued to believe in it because you were flattered and were able to step out of your role. And then you realised. When you saw him running the fight for social justice, you realised that you had been conned. So you waited a few days, you removed the guardrails, and you asked him to meet you. To kill him. That's it, he's got her. Now it's up to you. You can choose to remain silent. And if you've nothing to add, you will be charged. Ma'am? Ma'am? She's not confirming it's true. Olivier, can we talk? What are you trying to prove? You went way too fast. You didn't give her time to react. There's nothing else we can do. You just won't admit that I hit the nail on the head. About her relationship, sure, but who says she pushed him? Maybe she never thought that Walid could have been manipulating her. She's just realising your theory could be true and that her lover didn't love her. In which case she's hurt and it's unlikely she pushed him. Exactly. OK, I'm going back in. She may have left stuff out. This is your last chance to talk. No. No what? No, that's not what happened. We're all ears. I have to admit you impressed me. You're quite intuitive. I hadn't looked at it that way, but I concede that it's possible that Walid got close to me to trap me. However, there's one thing that I'm sure of: our relationship was completely sincere. You can see why we might not believe in your fairy tale. We loved each other. I know it. When we were together, neither of us was playing a part. So let's say that you're right about how we met. But as for the rest, you're wrong. We can still imagine that your relationship was difficult. At least, when you talked about the building site. We didn't talk about it. He tried to at first, but then we compartmentalised. It wouldn't have worked otherwise. Excuse me if this sounds naive, but how were you able to compartmentalise? Our positions were too far apart, and even opposing at times. We may have worked in the same place, but our relationship was separate. We met up at night, usually at a hotel that was sometimes far away. The only time I was able to let off some steam. We're like two lovers who come from two different worlds, who settle in, just happy to meet up there and be together. He never talked about his work, his rhythm of work, his teams? Everyone talks about that. We never did. Until he brought it up in public. Like I said, I get it. But we needed to hurry. I come from a blue-collar family, so I know how these things work. You say you had to hurry things along, but I'm wondering if you could really do that. Meaning? They were working at a fast pace, so speeding things up even more would have meant playing with safety. No, I've always been a stickler for safety. I would never sacrifice my men's safety. Here, I have all the documentation proving that all regulations have been met. Regulations are kind of theoretical, aren't they? Everything's accounted for on paper, but in reality... The company has several people who verify that these regulations are applied. Here, the times they did rounds and each inspector's report. So you have people who go around checking everything? It's mandatory. They activate certain boxes to prove they checked it all. So if I understand correctly, one hour before the fall, an inspector stopped by and indicated the guardrails were in place. These guardrails didn't just walk off. Can you tell us how you remove a guardrail? Two poles are screwed into a concrete slab. And the boards are set on the hooks. Wait... Why would someone who wanted to push him bother to remove all the poles when he could've just removed all the boards? Plus it takes longer to unscrew them and remove them. Is there a good reason to remove them? To have access to the main slab's frames and link it to the offset. A rebar worker's job. And? Only he would've removed those poles. That night, Walid Benaoud worked late for you. To maintain the insane rhythm that you imposed. So you're right, he does love you. But he removed the guardrails. He didn't put new ones in because he didn't have enough time. Wait, are you going back to your theory about it being an accident? No, it wasn't an accident, it was a fatality. The victim knows the safety regulations like all the other workers. Except that they no longer coincided with the new goals. You tried to compartmentalise. Safety on one hand, rhythm of work on the other. Your love on one hand and your workers on the other. But our decisions affect people, ma'am. And when we know them, that hurts. From a legal perspective... We're done here. How is he doing? I'm sorry. You're telling me it's my fault he died and that we're done here. No, this is not a legal matter. You're free to go, Ms Solal. Whether you are guilty or not, that's for you to decide. Bravo. Bravo, Olivier. You did great. Yes, I was really impressed. - Great job. - Thank you. Where did Audrey go? No idea. What did she say? Nothing special. Wait, you don't think she belongs here, do you? Of course not. I'll do what we discussed and talk to management about her mishap with the lawyer. Of course. Shall we go? Laetitia. A word, please. - See you downstairs? - Yes. What? You want to suspend me? What other choice do I have? I wouldn't have screwed up if you had defended your men. We couldn't let her threaten Olivier. As the leader, you have to defend your group. Even when a teammate is uncontrollable? Go ahead and suspend me if that's what you want to do. But I don't know which one of us will be here much longer. What does that mean? You'll see. Solicitor Claire Bertin. Leave me a message and I'll call you back. Claire, it's Audrey. Look, I didn't want to bother you with this, but I need to know who told you about Laetitia Serra's sick leave. Everyone thinks I did it, and things are complicated. Please call me back. Subtitle translation by: Louise Layman 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 