The Six Million Dollar Man: Season 3, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Six Million Dollar Man 
 s3e11 - The White Lightning War - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Six Million Dollar Man (1974–1978): Season 3, Episode 11 - The White Lightning War - full transcript 
 Several OSI agents have died from snake bites while investigating an illegal moonshine ring in Morgantown, Georgia. Steve Austin volunteers to go undercover and pose as the leader of a rival gang. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (BANJO MUSIC) (COUNTRY MUSIC) Look sharp, boys. Mr. Willis is coming. That is some of the best moonshine whiskey I ever tasted. The boys here should have this latest batch done this afternoon. Mighty fine. Now I wanna get those deliveries made... and get the money to my Yankee friends right on schedule tomorrow. We'll make it. What about that treasury agent Sullivan? He had a little accident. Just like you wanted. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yep. Poor fella died of a snake bite. Snake bite? I don't believe it, Oscar. Well, here's the coroner's report, Steve. Says he died of rattlesnake poison. I don't care what it says. Look, I've known Ted Sullivan since we were kids. We went camping together a hundred times. I even saw him get bit by a rattler once... administer his own first aid and walk away from it. Now I wanna know what really happened. So does the Treasury Department. They've sent down two men there. Both of them have died. Each of rattlesnake bites. What were they investigating? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A dangerous man called Beauregard Willis... who runs an illegal whiskey operation down there. Moonshine. Nowadays? There's still a lot of dry counties down there, Steve. Importing and smuggling in whiskey. It's a ten million dollar a year business. And this Willis has the local authorities in his back pocket. We think beyond that. We have reason to believe that Beau Willis has political connections... that go all the way up to Capitol Hill. He supplies the money, they supply the protection. Vicious circle. What we wanna find out is how the money changes hands, and who gets it. If we can find that out, we can nail Ted Sullivan's killer. That's what Treasury wants to know. They're sending another man down there. You mean after what happened to Ted and the other men? What else can they do? Let me go in. Steve... Come on, Oscar. You can pull the strings. Well, that doesn't make any difference. That's not the point. But you know I got a better chance than anybody else. What if the Washington connections recognize you? Don't worry about that. I'll take care of it. Oscar, please let me do it. For Ted Sullivan. Alright. I'll notify Treasury. Tell them I'm on my way. Oh, and, Steve... watch out for rattlesnakes. Yeah. FLIGHT COM: It looks good at NASA One. B- 52 >PILOT: Roger. BCS Arm switch is on. FLIGHT COM: Okay, Victor. B-52 PILOT: Landing Rocket Arm switch is on. Here comes the throttle. Circuit breakers in. STEVE: We have separation. B-52 PILOT: Inboard and outboards are on. I'm comin' forward with the side stick. FLIGHT COM: Looks good. PILOT: Ah, Roger. STEVE: I've got a blowout in damper three. SR-71 PILOT: Get your pitch to zero. STEVE: Pitch is out. I can't hold altitude! B-52 PILOT: Correction. Alpha Hold is off. Threat selector is emergency. STEVE: Flight Com. I can't hold it! She's breaking up! She's breaking... ANNOUNCER: Steve Austin. Astronaut. A man barely alive. Gentlemen, we can rebuild him. We have the technology. We have the capability to make the world's first bionic man. Steve Austin will be that man. Better than he was before. Better, stronger, faster. (MAIN TITLE THEME) (COUNTRY MUSIC) Oscar? Yeah. Where are you? I'm just on the outskirts of Morgantown, Georgia. Where are you? I followed you into Atlanta. I'm just about to check in with our agents here. Did you get all the information you wanted from Treasury? Yep. Went through a whole file on Beau Willis. Have you figured out a battle plan? STEVE: I think so. I'm gonna shake up Willis' moonshine operation. Make him think a new gang is muscling in on his business. I'll see if I can get the Washington boys to take their payoffs from my organization. Like a narcotics agent trying to draw out a dope pusher into the open, huh? Exactly. That should give us the hard proof we need... to bring down the Washington heavyweights... and at the same time, turn up Ted Sullivan's killers. Sounds good. How you going to keep from being recognized? The problem is how to keep from itching to death. What? You'll see. I'll check with you later. Okay, Steve. Good luck. (BANJO MUSIC) (COUNTRY MUSIC) (MYSTERIOUS MUSIC) They should've named this town Willisville. Your name Willis too? You sassin' me? Oh no, ma'am. I was just reading the sign. Well, Beau Willis' name might be on this place... but it's mine all the same. Yeah. Well, where would I find this fella Willis? MIDDY: What you looking for him for? I got business. Middy, you got customers inside. Now then, what's all the business you got with Mr. Willis? That's for him and me to discuss. Well, you might call me his right hand man. Hmph. Well then, for his sake, I sure hope he's left handed. What's that supposed to mean? Look, just tell me where he is. You're wastin' my time. You may not have a whole lot of time to waste. So why don't you just... hop in this fancy machine of yours and ease on out of town? Do you read me, boy? Yeah. Like a dime novel. (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) You tell me where I can find Beau Willis, boy... or I'm gonna sharpen your heels and drive you into the ground, you understand me? Yes, sir. Right down at a Beau's place. Right around that corner. Thanks. It's been a pleasure doing business with you. (LIGHT COUNTRY MUSIC) (COUNTRY MUSIC) I'd like a drink. Water, sodee pop, or milk? This here is a dry county, mister. I really came in to try some of that famous Beau Willis White Lightnin'. I don't know what you're talking about, mister. That's him, Mr. Willis. WILLIS: Well, he don't look like a lot of trouble to me. You wanna talk to me, boy? STEVE: That's right. You know, I've been watching your operation here for a long time. I like your profit margin. That makes you unanimous. What's that got to do with you? That's real simple. I want in. And my organization's ready to back you up. You all hear that? Wants to back me up. WILLIS: Well now, boy... I think you done said all I want to hear. Well, I'd think about it if I were you. I already did. It's time for pretty boy to be moving on. (COUNTRY MUSIC) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) Hold it right there. You got a permit for this, mister? I've never seen it before. Well, we did when it dropped out of your belt. Might even be able to work in a little attempted murder. OFFICER WEEMS: Along with assault and battery and disturbing the peace. You're under arrest. You're making a big mistake, Willis. If you let this flunky put me in jail... I've got a lot of men who aren't gonna like that. You're the one making a mistake. This is my town, boy. I'm sorry to hear you say that. But if you won't let me join, yeah, I guess I just have to push you out. Ain't a whole lot of anything you can do while sitting in jail. Get him out of here. I'm tired of his jaw jackin'. Let's go, bright boy. What about my phone call? I'm entitled to one, ya know. Phone's out of order. Well, I thought files came in cakes. Just sandwiches, if you wanna buy 'em. Sure, how much? Well, I'd charge you 50 cents... but Weems makes me get a buck so he can get his kickback. Thank you. Middy, isn't it? Nobody ever come around here before tryin' to push Beau Willis around. Only two kinds of people come looking for Beau. I'm trying to figure out what kind you are. Well, what are the choices? Them that wanna join him... and the law. Now if that's what you are... you better turn tail and get out of here. Well now, if I were that sort of person, I'd be kind of foolish to let on, wouldn't I? I mean, I might not ever know who just works for Willis. You think that I... Now, now, now. Don't get all riled up. You sure know how to rile somebody. I'm sorry, Middy. You don't look like the type of lady that would sell out willingly. How did Willis take your store? You tell me, I might be able to help you. When my husband... when Gordy got killed... Beau Willis come up with a piece of paper... that said he owned the store. How did your husband die? He had an accident. What kind of accident? Listen, son, Beau Willis is mean. Now if you get the chance to get out of this town... you'd do good to get. Middy, what kind of accident killed your husband? He was bit by a rattlesnake. Okay, Middy, that's long enough to drop off them sandwiches. You might as well take off your shoes and get comfortable, bright boy. You got the tanker truck? Yup. Picked one up at Mr. Willis' refinery already. KERMIT: Tank's about 3/4 full. JOHNNY: And I got my runnin' car. WEEMS: Good. Hit the usual stills, fill 'er up all the way. Clete's got a new one right up here. (BIONIC EYE SOUND EFFECT) KERMIT: Right. And I'll meet you at the truck stop later on. WEEMS: Make sure you're on schedule. We gotta have that payoff money ready for them Washington bigwigs tonight. You just sit tight and don't go nowhere. I got things to do. (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (METAL CREAKING) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (METAL CREAKING) (DIALS TELEPHONE) (PHONE RINGS) Yes? Oscar? Steve. I struck a few sparks with Beau Willis. Now I'm gonna set a fire under him. See if I can smoke out the Washington connection. I think I found at least one person in this town I can trust. Sounds good, Steve. We've got our Atlanta agents standing by. Any leads on Ted Sullivan's killers yet? Not yet. Gimmie a chance. I'm in jail. In jail? What? I'll tell you later. Right now my gang's gonna pull a few jobs around town. I'll check with you later. (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) Alright, there you go. That's it. That's got it. See you Saturday. (COUNTRY MUSIC) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIRDS CHIRP) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) MAN IN BARREL: Hey. Hey! I'm gonna get you! Alright, that does it. I already picked up from the other drivers. (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) Hey! I need some help with the tube and the gas. Well, I was gonna... I need some help. It's up there in the cab. (BIONIC EYE SOUND EFFECT) KERMIT: Hand me up that gas. You know... I've seen you do that a bunch of times... but I never figure out why. So it looks like I'm haulin' gasoline instead of moonshine. That there is smart. What about that front valve? Already done it. You did? Yup. You gotta be real careful though that you don't mix the gasoline... with the hooch. Okay, that does it. Here. You can take off. No. Chuck said there was some catfish running. I believe I'm gonna catch me up a few. Yeah, well, good luck. (ENGINE STARTS) (DRAMATIC MUSIC) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (COMICAL COUNTRY MUSIC) (DRAMATIC MUSIC) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT, LOUD CLANK) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BOUNCY COUNTRY MUSIC) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) That's just about it. Thousand gallons. That's the last load this month. You got ten thousand gallons down there now. At five bucks a gallon, that's 50 grand we got comin'. Oh, I'll get it for you. But first I wanna check the merchandise. Yeah, well, hurry up. I gotta deliver that money. That's just as good as ever. Yeah. You expect me to pay you for that slop? What're you talkin' about? That's some of our best squeeze. Have you tasted it? Of course. Always keep a jug of that around the house. For what? To run your lawnmower? What're you talkin' about? Gimmie that. Ah, full of gasoline! Gasoline? Now you've ruined the whole rest of the stuff that's already down there! You ain't getting 50 grand. You ain't getting 50 cents! Weems, looky here. Well, didn't you see nobody? No. Mr. Willis ain't gonna like this. You reckon that fella you put in jail? Really got his gang after us? Well, how could he have called 'em? I don't know. Well, I better haul back there and check on that troublemaker. (POLICE SIREN) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (METAL CREAKING) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (METAL CREAKING) (POLICE SIREN OUTSIDE) My gang been around to see you yet? (PHONE RINGING) Phone's ringing. Must be fixed. Yeah. Hello? Oh, yes, sir, Mr. Willis. We... We've had a little trouble. A little trouble? I gotta miss making a 50 thousand dollar payment and you call that little? Tell you, Mr. Willis, we didn't see or hear nothing. Nobody saw or heard nothing. Who you boys trying to kid? It'd take an army to knock out that still and turn Johnny's car over! And no telling what to rip off that hatch cover and puncture the tube! (PHONE RINGING) Yeah? QUINTEN: This is Charles Quinten. WILLIS: Oh. Keeping the late hours, huh, Mr. Quinten? I try to keep busy when I'm worried about something. My people were at the airfield at the usual time today. We didn't receive our usual 50 thousand dollars. Oh, just a little hang up, Mr. Quinten. Nothing I can't handle. I trust not. Things are getting a bit difficult here in Washington. Money is required to overcome those difficulties. I understand that, Mr. Quinten. Lam sure you do, however... the group I represent would be much more at ease... if I took a look at things first hand. Since it's about time to renew our contract down there... we want to be certain we're going with the winner. Beau Willis has always been a winner for you, hasn't he? In the past, yes. But what about the present? I'll arrive in the morning. That's all I need. A high powered lawyer messin' around at a time like this. Yeah, with that new guy and his gang tryin' to muscle in. WILLIS: Others have tried before. A gang like that is just like a snake. Weems, you got the head of that snake locked up in your jail. Everybody knows you cut off a snake's head... the rest ain't no good for nothing. Yeah. I gotcha. Suppose he got killed while trying to escape. I don't care how you handle it... I want him dead. WEEMS: Yes, sir, Mr. Willis. (DRAMATIC MUSIC) (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) Now what? You're free to go. Mr. Willis decided to drop all the charges. In the middle of the night? Whenever Mr. Willis says. Well... (GROANS) I sure wouldn't want to be guilty of resisting release now, would I? (CRICKETS CHIRPING) Uh, you can go on, now. (BIONIC EYE SOUND EFFECT) Better not try it. Willis might not like his number one boy getting blown up. Uh, how'd you know? I saw it in a movie once. But it's dark. Yeah, it's dark at a movie too. Let's move. Better hand it over. Do it. (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (COMEDIC COUNTRY MUSIC) Just don't stand there. Go around that way. QUINTEN: Willis, this is Charles Quinten. I'll be landing in 20 minutes. WILLIS: The car is waiting for you. You sure you don't want something to eat? No. Just an explanation. Aw... just some peckerwood tryin' to move in on me. His gang wrecked one of my stills, tore up one of my tankers. Ain't nothing to worry about. Except we didn't get our 50 thousand. Sloppy, Willis. Very sloppy. Now you just hold on a minute. I drop a lot of money in your people's lap every month, and I mean a lot. I've been able to handle things quite well without you messing around... so don't go gettin' high falutin' with me, you got that? Quinten? It's Mr. Quinten, Willis. Let me tell you something. This here is Beau Willis country. This is your country only so long as my people keep the law off you. Now then... it sounds as though this new rival organization has you on the run. I've brought the new contracts... but I wanna be sure I'm signing with a winner. Until then... Well, why don't you meet me out at the refinery about, oh, 2:30? There won't be no question about who is the winner. Good. I'll be at the hotel. (MYSTERIOUS MUSIC) Weems? Yes, sir, Mr. Willis. Now you listen here. I want you to tell all the boys to go through this town like a buzz saw. I want that troublemaker dead. Yes, sir. STEVE: Middy. (GASPS) You like to scare the wits out of me. How'd you get out of jail? I'll explain later. Middy, tell me about how your husband died. That snake bite wasn't an accident, was it? Middy, three of the men from the treasury department... died just like your husband. One of them was a close friend of mine. Ted Sullivan. Then you are the law, aren't you? Will you help me? Look. Take a good look. This here is my boy. He's all that I got left now. He's in college in Atlanta. And I want to see him live to graduate. So he can come back to a town like this? Be walked on by Beau Willis? Look, I came here to break up Beau Willis' operation. To prove that he had Ted Sullivan killed. If you know anything... Anything at all, you've gotta help me. My husband, Gordy... he tried to stand up against Beau Willis. What did it get him? Dead. Middy, please. Gordy worked for Beau Willis out to the big refinery. He did like he was told. Till them agents start getting killed. Then the word got out that there was a third agent nosing around... by the name of Sullivan. So Gordy went to him. And he told him everything he knew. They got caught together. Willis told Weems to take him out to the woods. What happened? Gordy dragged his self back up to the road. Somehow... I found him. He told me how Weems and Kermit... took them rattlesnakes and... Gordy told me to keep on fightin' 'em, but... Middy, if I can get Willis and his men into court, will you testify to all that? I got too much to lose. Beau's got too many friends in court. He won't have, after I cut him loose from his Washington backers. Have you seen any strangers in town? Tell me, Middy. Good lookin' black guy. Dressed fit to kill. In Beau's car headed for the hotel. (BANJO MUSIC) Let me guess. You must be the troublemaker Willis is worried about. And you're the man from Washington who gives Willis his protection. You're very well informed. Tell me, uh... Steve will do. Tell me, Steve, what can I do for you? Well, I don't know. I think Willis has been running things a little too long down here. It's time for a change. And you're the man who can make the changes? I'm sure you heard what happened to the still and the car... and the tanker truck while I was in jail. Yes. Sounds like you have an army behind you. Let's just say I've got a strong right arm. Now do we deal, or don't we? I never... as they say in this quaint little town... Buy a pig in a poke. I'd like a little proof that you can back up what you say. What more do you need? Lam to meet Willis at his refinery at 2:30 this afternoon. Contracts. Things like that. You understand. I will make my deal with whichever one of you is in charge of that refinery. Simple as that? (PHONE RINGING) Steve, this is Oscar. Where are you? At Willis' general store. OSCAR: Treasury wants an update, Steve. They don't want you to end up like their other agents. Now, when can we move in? Not yet, Oscar. I just met the Washington contact. He's willing to make a deal if I can take over Willis' reﬁnery. All you're gonna take over is about six feet of dirt, boy. Steve! Steve! Steve. Why, Middy... you got a nice lookin' boy here, Middy. Don't you go and do nothing foolish now, you hear? You shut your mouth, bright boy, and come along. We got a squirmy little pet out here that's dying to get his teeth into you. Now. Now this is as far as you go. I suppose I'll find out what happened to the other trouble makers now, huh? Lots of strangers have bad accidents in this part of the woods. Yeah? What kind of accidents? Take a look in the hole, bright boy. (RATTLING) Get in the hole, boy. Please, fellas, no. You won't have to stay long. Ah! Ooh! (RATTLING) Oh, bit him in the leg. Ow! KERMIT: Oh, he's a mean one. Bit him... bit him in the other leg. You can get out of there now, bright boy. (STEVE MOANS) It won't take long for that poison to start working. Works faster if you run. Run! Yeah, well, he's a goner. Come on. Let's get back to the car. Mr. Willis is gonna be mighty happy about this. (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (RATTLING) STEVE: He's two inches from your neck. Now then, if you two boys aren't real nice... you're gonna have a passenger in the front seat with you. Anything you say, mister. Throw your guns out the window. Sure. Sure. Sure. Just don't chuck that thing up here. Now, why don't you take me to the refinery. 'Cause my friend back here, why, he's getting a little lonely. Yes, sir. KERMIT: Refinery's right over that hill. Your whole gang gonna take it over? Yep. That's what my gang's gonna do. Listen, We'd just as soon work for you. I never did like Willis anyway. Aw, that's mighty nice of you. But I've got other plans for you two. You... you ain't gonna put that snake up here, are you? No, he'd probably bite you and get sick. (METAL CREAKING) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) Now you boys be real good... and I'll make sure somebody comes along and finds you. (RATTLING) Weems? Yeah? You ain't gonna tell nobody about that, are you? About what? Pardon me, ma'am. Um, my name is Oscar Goldman. A friend of mine called from here. Steve Austin. I'm afraid I can't help you, mister. Do you have any idea where he might be? Or where Beau Willis and his refinery is? Look, a man's life is in danger. I know that he called from here. What about your husband? Is he around? Could he help me? No, he can't help you. But I can. They took Steve out to the woods. I'll show you. It's about time somebody got some backbone around here. Come on. You know, your troublemaker friend contacted me. Said his gang was gonna take control of the refinery. Shoot. Don't nobody... And I mean nobody... muscle into Beau Willis country. He's all took care of for now. You'll see who's in charge when we get to the refinery. Yes. I will. (DRAMATIC MUSIC) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (YELLS) Ooh! Whoa! (COMEDIC COUNTRY MUSIC) Stick around. You don't wanna miss the action. Hey! Help! Over here! Gimmie a hand over here! Help! (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) Ah! (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (METAL BREAKING, LOUD POP) Yes siree, you're sure gonna be surprised... at all the changes that's been made since the last time you came. Yes. I would say there has been a few changes. What the devil is going on here? Just a little demonstration. Well, who do you wanna do business with? Us or him? Go with the winners. You'll find everything in there you need to know. Time schedules, point of delivery, method of payment. (CARS ARRIVING) Everything we wanted to know for a long time. Well, Mr. Quinten... say hello to Mr. Oscar Goldman. Oh, I know Mr. Quinten. We've met many times in the Halls of the Justice Department. OSCAR: Company names, addresses. All we need to bring down the Washington power base. There's a lady in town who will testify about how Ted Sullivan was killed... if she will. She already has, Steve. (DRAMATIC MUSIC) (HAMMERING) Well, how's it look? Quentin's ready to make a deal. No, that's not what I meant. Well, frankly, pal, I like you better with the beard. I didn't mean the beard, I meant the sign. Oh, the sign. Oh. Yeah. Oh, the sign. Yeah, the sign looks good. Why? There's gonna be a lot more signs going up around here... now that Willis is gone. Yes, sir. Things gonna be a whole lot different around here. Thanks to you. What do you think, Mr. Goldman? I think the sign is beautiful, Middy. No, I mean the situation with Willis and the others. Well, as I was saying earlier... Quinten is ready to make a deal which makes it a lot easier for us. And since you came out against Willis... a lot of other people are doing the same. You know, Middy, I think your boy would be proud to come back home to town now. He's also gonna be mighty proud of his mother. Well, can't get nothing done standing around and jaw jackin' all day. I got a store to run, you know? Listen, before you fellas shove off... how about helping me celebrate getting my store back. Let me buy you a drink. Oh. Middy, you got some moonshine in there? No, I never touch that old rot gut. But I do have a jug of apple cider. So sweet, it'll make you stand up and whistle Dixie. How about that? (END THEME MUSIC) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 