The Z Virus: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Z Virus 
 s1e3 - Nowhere to Hide - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Z Virus (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Nowhere to Hide - full transcript 
 Trust issues in the house result in deadly consequences. Curtis reflects back on he and Apples journey to Catalina Island. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 God damn it! Hold him down! He shot me! Yeah, that's what you get! I wasn't gonna shot anybody! You were still acting like an ass. We're gonna need to stitch this up. Alex, can you go get the first aid kit? Gina? We're not gonna be those people, Alex. We're better than them. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He's gonna be fine. Go fuck yourself! This is gonna hurt. Thank you. Don't do that. Why not? We don't know what going on out there, it could be anything. Reactive contamination, super bacteria. Synthetic virus attacks for population containment. I miss drinking rain water. David, have you taken a look outside? Catiline hasn't been affected. For all we know, the impact could be something 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 significantly smaller than expected. This could be just a communications blackout. We don't know what it is. I know what I saw, alright? Whoever attacked make that school out there something straight out of the Book of Revelations! You were attacked? Yeah, Alex, I was attacked, alright? Now I'm pretty sure, they were zombies. David, have you lost your mind? Look, just hear me out, alright? No! I've heard enough of your conspiracy crap. Look, you ask those two out there, alright? I'm sure they've seen it. This isn't the time for pacifism. I brought this for you. We don't need that. We need to know what happened. What's there to tell? Cut the shit, just tell us what happened out there. David, stop it. No, this guy and his girlfriend trek all the way down here to hold up in an abandon ranch and attack the owners? I wanna know why. And he's going to tell us, right? His name is Curtis. Thank you. Yes, I'm Curtis. This is Apple. Apple? Yeah, right. Listen, it's simple. The impact was big. How big? Entire Eastern seaboard big. Government, law, order, it's all gone, you guys. Worked out pretty good for you, didn't it? You wanna know something funny, David? I'm a sheriff's deputy. I was on corrections detail when we got back in. Prison guard. Was she your prisoner? She did deputy too. Why don't you let me hear her say that? You don't talk much, do you? What brought you here? As you can imagine, it's kinda hard to run a prison during the apocalypse. Wasn't long after the power ran out the entire place was overrun. Stay still. I think we're good. We got out just in time. It's not pretty out there. The world you guys knew is gone. What about the fucking zombies? Excuse me? Not this again. Look, I know what I saw and I know that he's seen them too! That's why you're on this island! You're fucking in on it. Sheriff's department? You're probably CIA! Are you out of your fucking mind? What is it? Population control? Genocide, government virus? Fucking tell me! David! Put a leech on your dog, Curtis. David, calm down. Nah, this guy's a fucking liar! We all need to calm down. It's been a long day, we all need sleep. It's been a long day. Go. Shh. You're gonna fucking talk or I'm gonna kill you. You're not gonna kill me. I'm not gonna kill you? David! Stay back! Get off of him! Stay out of this, Alex, you don't want any part of this! Maybe but this is not the way! I'm finding out the truth! Whether you believe me or not, there's something going on out there and this guy knows what! What do you wanna know? Are there zombies? OK, I'll tell you anything you wanna know! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 