Arthdal Chronicles: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Arthdal Chronicles 
 s2e5 - Episode #2.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Arthdal Chronicles (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Episode #2.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ARTHDAL CHRONICLES PART 2, THE SKY TURNING INSIDE OUT, RISING LAND Our union leader, Aramun who came to us in the form of an Igutu, please lead us. White Peak Mountain's Hearts. How did they find out? How can they know this about me? A Neanthal! Harim and Nunbyeol. Will I be able to save both of them? ARTHDAL CHRONICLES I remember you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A Daekan warrior was found dead. Was it your doing? He killed someone and attacked us first. Do you seriously expect me to believe that? From that day in Atturad to the day in Manteiv, we never attacked Saram first. Even now, who is the one snarling with bared teeth? In Atturad... Asa Hon doubted until the end that you were on the front line. Why did you come to Arthdal? To find someone. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And have you succeeded? We will, soon. Until we meet again. No, you mustn't set foot in Arthdal again. Nunbyeol, are you okay? Are you hurt? You must've been terrified. Please calm down. I'll... Let me explain. No explanation is necessary. -She's a Neanthal! -Hear me out. Let me explain, please! It was during the Manteiv War. I accompanied the troops as a doctor, you know. And that day, I got lost. Have you lost your mind? We have to kill her! How can she be this pretty? I want her to be my sister. It's okay. She has such beautiful eyes. There are twinkling stars in her eyes. From now on, your name will be Nunbyeol. My little sister, Nunbyeol. The swordsmanship. How did she learn it? Neanthals' blood and breathing are different from ours. Thus, they can't learn Saram's swordsmanship. So how-- It's because I severed all her lineages. I figured her innate physical strength and agility as a Neanthal would cause trouble while living with us, Saram. Hence, I cut off every single one of her eight lineages. In other words, she has no strength! She can't lift a rock, let alone lift a small bag of rice. Running 400 ri a day? Forget it. She can barely climb the mountains to pick herbs. She has no strength whatsoever. And she poses no threat to us. I taught her how to fight with a sword so that she can protect herself. No! Nunbyeol! See? Nunbyeol is weaker than us, Saram. What brought those Neanthals here? They asked me to come with them. They just... told me to think about it. But... I don't want to go with them. Chaeeun, my dad, and my mom. I don't want to leave them. Yes, of course. We won't let you go. Please don't tell anyone about this. Mubaek, you spared an Igutu's life yourself. I suppose Asa Hon's death led us to this. I raised a Neanthal, and you spared an Igutu's life. But you see, Mubaek, sparing that Igutu's life is a totally different matter. What on earth are you trying to do? Funnily enough, I wish to right the wrongs in the world. Right the wrongs in the world? I will right the wrong beliefs and punish the Union leader, who killed his own father. Then are you associated with the recent uprising of White Peak Mountain's Hearts? And what about that priest? Did you kill him too? No, that wasn't me. I killed him. You killed the priest? Why? Because it's time. MOMYEONGJIN It's time for the people of Arthdal to banish those shams and follow the true teachings of Asa Sin. Many people will get hurt and killed. Remember the incident with Olmadae eight years ago? A mere drawing wreaked that much havoc. How could you kill a priest? -I can win against them. -How? There are three reasons. First. A direct descendant of the Great Mother, Asa Sin, has returned. Eunseom? How do you know him? How do you know Eunseom? I'm the first person he met when he arrived in Arthdal to rescue you. I'm Chaeeun, a doctor. I helped Eunseom. Then when Eunseom... When he died, did you see it? I guess she thinks he's dead. What just happened? Her mouth didn't even move. What did I hear just now? Eunseom isn't the one who died that day. Then... Where is he? Where is Eunseom now? That I don't know. But I'm certain that he didn't die that day. You don't even know where he is. How do you know he didn't die that day? The day when the fake Eunseom was executed, Eunseom was in our herb storage. Thank you. Thank you. What did you say? Because Wahans speak our language, you think where they came from is Haesulla, and the next great mother of the Wahan Tribe is a direct descendant of Asa Sin? Yes. Therefore, we must go out there and shout in front of everyone that a direct descendant of Asa Sin is back. Sure, we'll be chastised. However, it won't be like when we had no counterplan. Now, the people of the Union have something to rely on. By any chance, do you know if the next great mother of Wahan knows where Asa Sin's star bell is? I'm not sure. If she claims to be a direct descendant but can't find it, she will die! And White Peak Mountain's Hearts will be finished. And what? We do not need to find such things. Did Aramun become a god because he found a sacred object? Aramun had power, the kind that he could actually exercise. We have no power. Right, power. I will gather power. That is the second reason. The most formidable and practical power in the entire Arthdal. What might that be? The leader of the Union, Tagon. Do you really think that you know Tagon Niruha? I'll arrange a one-on-one with him. With Tagon Niruha. A woman was here. She was headed to the Petition Wing, holding a thin leather scroll. A woman? Who could it be? Niruha, I've sent a messenger to The Great Shrine. Shouldn't you get going? Yes, I should. You probably didn't get any sleep all night. Was it you, Father? You did this to me? I heard that's how this prison works. Prisoners can't sit or lie down. All they can do is stand. After several sleepless nights like that, they end up collapsing into the cold, filthy water, and they eventually surrender. Is that so? As you know, I have a high tolerance for filth. I mean, that's how you raised me. You raised me to be filthy. Niruha said he just wants you to admit this one thing. Tagon was the one who gave orders to kill those affected by gosals and to spread such blasphemous rumors. Tagon belongs to White Peak Mountain's Hearts. If you admit these things, you won't have to stand trial. Instead, Tagon's Sacred Trial will be held. We already have a statement from someone who spread the rumors as per Tuak's order. If I give her some hallucinogen, Tuak will obviously say she was just carrying out your order. We just need to take Tagon down. You're my precious daughter after all, you know. No, I refuse. I won't help you take Tagon down, and I refuse to be your precious daughter. Both you and I, as well as Tagon, know this. Ultimately, your tragedy boils down to the fact that no one can replace the sacredness of the Asa Clan. Am I wrong? It wasn't Asa Ron.  He doesn't need to do this if he knows that I'm an Igutu. Tagon Niruha, I thought you'd be on your knees. Please release Minister Taealha. Since when were you concerned with the matters of The Great Shrine? Taealha is guilty of blasphemy. Taking her side will lead to unnecessary misunderstandings. Niruha. I will make sure everything goes back to the way it used to be. "The way it used to be"? I see. Sure. I shall abide by the rules as the High Priest. So you'll go by the rules and punish Taealha? Do you think I'll let you do that, Niruha? What will you gain from killing Taealha? The Union that is falling apart? Arthdal that has turned into ruins? "Ruins"? Are you capable of doing that? Had that been the case, you would've raised a rebellion with your Daekan warriors a long time ago. I will only wait until the day of the Sacred Trial. If Taealha says what I want to hear before that day, you will be the one getting punished. If not, Taealha herself will have her feet cut off and will be banished on all fours. I, myself, have no idea what I will do if Taealha's feet are cut off. Mihol told me that his daughter would never sacrifice her life for someone else. How much do you trust Taealha? Do you trust Tagon? How much do you trust him? Will he start a war for you? Would he be willing to do that? He ended up ditching you and married a woman from the Asa Clan. Tagon will never side with you. Rather, he will gather all the ministers in one place and say this. "It has nothing to do with me. Even I was shocked." He'll lie to everyone, as he always does. You and Tagon are two of the same kind. That's why you fell for each other. Once, you said that Tagon always tries so hard to be acknowledged by his father, Sanung. You analyzed him correctly. That's who Tagon is. And Sanung is dead now. Whose acknowledgment do you think he'd be craving now? Would it be yours? Do you really think it'd be yours? It's the Union's. The people of the Union, you fool. Now, knowing that, do you actually think he'll be able to overthrow the Asa Clan despite its power over the people? Father. Why must you do all this? Because I robbed you of your position? Because I rebelled against you? Why can't you support your daughter and the man she loves? We can win, so why... Why? No. My reason is the same as yours. Tagon... cannot... win. Taealha will sacrifice her life for me? Had she been that kind of woman, I would've never wanted or embraced her. Taealha may desert me. She's capable of doing that. Tagon may do that. He's capable of deserting me. And the same goes for me. Tagon knows how I am. And I know that Tagon knows me well enough. We're... I feel so bad for both of us. A father who is trying to kill his own son to solidify his power. And a father who sends his own daughter to a man of power as a yeomari to gain power. Let's never put our lives on the line for each other. Promise me. You'll never sacrifice your life for me in any circumstances. I'll never sacrifice my life for you in any circumstances. You need to promise me too. I'll do the same. I'll never sacrifice my life for you. We can desert each other. We promised to do so. Your tragedy boils down to the fact that no one can replace the sacredness of the Asa Clan. We assume that the Great White Wolf was Asa Sin, so her successor... It's Tanya? Then it comes down to whether we can win or not. If we know that we can win, we won't desert each other. In order to be acknowledged as Asa Sin's descendant, she must find the star bell of The Great Shrine. Will Tanya know what it is? Will Tagon pull the trigger? If he can't, we'll be doomed. I will only wait until the day of the Sacred Trial. Niruha. The elder of White Peak Mountain's Hearts who's in Doldambul... You mean, Olmadae? When will he get here? Yeonbal took one of the fastest horses, but to go all the way to Doldambul and back... It'll take a while. I can't just wait for that. Yes, I need to make a decision. I must make up my mind. DOLDAMBUL I regret it. I should never have met you. You're right, Tanya. We should've never crossed paths. I'm glad you ditched me. Hey, Purple! IPSAENG Purple? Yes, I'm Purple. That's my name. I couldn't rescue anyone, and even Tanya ditched me. Eunseom? Wahan's dream? No. I'm Purple. Yes, I'm Purple. Did I just see a smirk? You smirked, didn't you? You punk. So there's still a possibility, right? Hey. Do you want to escape with me? -Hey. -Even if we get out, we can't do anything. There is nothing we can do. Why are you saying that? We can create things to do. What I'm saying is... Remember what I showed you yesterday? If I pick one of them and tell you... You punk, what are you looking at? SATEUNIK Well... I saw you last night. You were crying as if you committed some mortal sin. He was crying? But you see, they say there is only one sin. So... don't beat yourself up. What's that dimwit saying? Oh, back to our conversation. To tell you the truth, Tagon is my brother. He's... I guess you've heard of him. The thing is, Tagon is just a clever guy. He's always been a weakling since he was little. He used to get beaten up all the time. Whenever his nose bled, I wiped the blood off for him. -Blood? -Yes, blood. Don't you know what blood is? The red liquid. Sateunik! -Blood? -Dung bug! OLMADAE It's the blood disease. Hey, Wahan! Wahan! -Eunseom is here, right? Is he alive? -Yes. -That's all I needed to know. -Hey! Get back here at once if you're done! We didn't even feed you well. Why do you people poop so much? Hey, Syoreujagin! Who's this prick that just dared to call my name? Who is it? Reveal yourself, you bastard. Come out! Who's this son of a bitch... Hey, you prick. It's me, Seucheon. "Prick"? How dare you-- Don't act all high and lofty. You are a lowly commoner, just like me. That may be the case in Arthdal, but I'm a niruha here! Oh, is that so? Stop pooping already, you punk! Who? Well, his name is... You mustn't disclose Eunseom's name. I don't know his name, but I know he's an Igutu. Oh, Purple. How do you know him? You know Mubaek, right? Mubaek asked me to buy all the Wahans back from you. -Is that right? -Yes. Are you kidding me? If it really is the blood disease, he won't even be able to dig up three to four baskets of mud. He'll just waste our food. He won't even die quickly. It's not contagious though. I wish it was contagious. That way, we can all die. Do you think Syoreujagin will let us die? We're all he has. Even in Gitbadak, half of the slaves died because of a plague. Those who knew about the plague were too scared to come down. A plague... Only Syoreujagin came down. He dug up all the corpses and tried to save people's lives. "How many jewels would this be? You guys cannot die!" That bastard is crazy about jewels. Hey, come here. I said, come here! Hold on. Look at this. What do you think? Amazing, right? Do you want some? These are useless here. But when we get out... Anyway, give me some of that. I'll repay you tenfold. My gosh, you haven't given up hope yet! Don't let that Ago prick fool you. No one would even trade a sip of water for that. Getting riled up consumes energy, so be quiet. Do you want to touch them? Just look at them. Interesting. What? Tanya, this must be an illness. I can't believe I find this amusing. Move! Get out of the way! Move it! Get out of my way! -Out of the way! -Move! Hey! DYE WORKSHOP -My gosh, be careful. -Hang it over there. Where's the bachi? Over there. Who's Momyeongjin? Yes, that's me. How can I help you? -Search the place. -Yes, sir! What... What is going on? Gitoha. I'm the leader of the guards. How dare you do this without my consent? We got a report saying she's the elder of the White Peak Mountain's Hearts. There's nothing here. What is this nonsense? The White Peak Mountain's Hearts? Who's the person that framed me? Move. Move over. -What's wrong? -Be quiet. My goodness, look what we have here. Niruha. We found the elder of the White Peak Mountain's Hearts. -Are you sure? -Yes, there's been a report. We found this. A report? The informer of the White Peak Mountain's Hearts came from the Union Palace? Not The Great Shrine? Yes, that's also what I find peculiar. Where is the elder? Tell me. Who am I? You are Tagon Niruha, our Union leader. And? You are the son of our former union leader, Sanung Niruha. And? And... And you're the conqueror of Iark... No, not that. Have you ever heard of any false rumors about me? Have you talked about me with someone during the past couple of days? I really don't understand what you mean. I'll arrange a one-on-one with him. With Tagon Niruha. Is this it? How did he... Is there something you want to say? About a year ago, a young man joined our gathering. He was very faithful. And he seemed very touched by the fact that our great mother, Asa Sin, sent down an Igutu as a messenger. He is the one who killed the priest. He did it by himself? Yes, that's right. And he started inciting me. He said it's time for the White Peak Mountain's Hearts to reveal ourselves. I refused. And he offered to arrange a one-on-one with you, Niruha. And I think this is what he was talking about. Who is he? He told me he's a Scribe of the Hae Tribe, but I think he lied. It is very easy for me to rip out your tongue at this very spot. This is what he said. He wanted me to tell you this when I met you. Asa Ron's power is fake for it depends on people's faith. Tagon Niruha's power is very real. If you use that power... What is that going to change? Asa Ron stands where he stands now because people don't know that he's a member of the collateral line. He told me that Asa Sin's true heir has appeared. And he told me that you're also aware of that. What's the matter, Niruha? Don't follow me. A woman was here. She was headed to the Petition Wing, holding a thin leather scroll. Saya. It was him. Do you know that you could die here? Yes. That's why I can't seem to calm myself down. Why are you doing this? Because now is the time. If I don't do this now... If I hesitate, I feel like I'll regret it. I put my life on the line to come here. Tanya. You don't know where the descendant of Asa Sin is. You must've hidden her. Where is she? Where do you think? Yes, there's no way Eunseom would die. I guess she thinks he's dead. I heard it loud and clear. Where is Tanya? Bring her to me. If you do this, you'll never be able to meet the descendant of Asa Sin. Then you'll never be able to beat Asa Ron-- Shut up. What do you think you can do? You're a nobody! Then what are you planning to do? If they cut Taealha's feet and kill her, her soul will have to crawl for eternity even after she's dead. So what's your plan? Should I tell you? You'll stop things from escalating by getting rid of the White Peak Mountain's Hearts before Asa Ron. Then you'll try to negotiate with him. Until when are you going to repeat the same fights? Work with us. Let's say I work with the White Peak Mountain's Hearts. Then what will happen next? We'll finally show ourselves to the world. "Asa Sin's descendant is here in Arthdal. Let's bring down the lies and live by the truth. Let's get rid of the collateral line and return The Great Shrine to the real descendant of Asa Sin." That's when you'll attack The Great Shrine along with the Daekan Force. Then you can declare yourself as king, and I will be your heir. Tanya, the newly appointed High Priest, will acknowledge that. And last but not least, we will reveal our blood to the entire world. You've lost your mind. Then why did you keep me alive? Why? You were so ashamed of being an Igutu that you ended up killing all of them. But did you want to at least keep one alive? But because of you, I was locked up without knowing why I had to hide and why I wasn't allowed to meet anyone. I ate, read, and wore whatever that was given to me. Like an animal! I had to find whom I really was inside that dark cave all by myself. So do you define yourself as an Igutu? Are you proud that you're an Igutu? I stayed alive because I was proud. Tagon, who is an Igutu, is the hero of Arthdal. The White Peak Mountain's Hearts claimed that Aramun Haesulla was an Igutu. And he was murdered by his indirect descents. Yes. I may be hiding in the dark like a rat just because of the fact that I'm an Igutu. But I will walk into the light when Tagon comes. That is why he saved me even though I'm an Igutu. But unfortunately, I was wrong. You had it easy growing up -when you're just a mere Igutu. -What? Back when I was seven, my own father choked me. I had to get choked by my own father. That is the life of an Igutu. We can just kill them first. We'll kill whoever despises Igutus. If we do that, Igutus will be feared instead of being considered unlucky. Yes, we will be feared. But those people that you are willing to kill include the entire Daekan Force, Saenyeok Tribe, and every single person that belongs to the Union! And they do not wish for a king that is an Igutu! Did you ask them? How do you know when you've never even asked? They've never even imagined or thought of something like that. How do you know whether or not they want their king to be an Igutu? Then do you know? Do you know what the people of the Union will think of a king that's an Igutu? This is Aramun Haesulla's ornament. The front shows a lonicera flower, the symbol of peace. And the back shows the Hammer of Wind, the symbol of punishment. To live or to die. Do you know which side we'll see if I flip this? I don't know. No one will know. But Airuju will choose whether it'll be the front or the back. I'd rather bet on this than to live like you. I won't ever bet my destiny on a god. Yes, of course. But you must choose between me and the people of the Union whom you cherish so much. It is time for you to choose. Do you really think I'm going to let you leave? This is bichwisan. If you take one more step, I'll just drink the entire bottle. Do you really think you can kill yourself? I told you that I was prepared to die when I came here. If you choose the back side, I'll just have to die. What is this? Are you socializing with the White Peak Mountain's Hearts? Mother, the thing is-- Momyeongjin got captured. Do you know that? They found the symbol of the White Peak Mountain's Hearts. But we're-- The Neanthals were here. -What? -They asked Nunbyeol to leave with them. She refused to go. What are you talking about? The Neanthals? They came for Nunbyeol? Go to Alseom with Nunbyeol. It won't be easy to find you there. I'll hold hands with you and your people. It seems like the kid is ready. But what about you? Are you people ready for this? Are you serious? I'm asking if you're ready. Will you do it? Will you? GGACHI CAVE -Did you hear what happened? -We need to come up with a solution. -This is very serious. -She hasn't returned. We don't know if she's dead. -What should we do? -This is so bad. -What? -What's going on? I'm sure you've all heard that Momyeongjin got captured. -My gosh. -Goodness gracious. -What are we going to do? -I know. -My goodness. -We're in trouble. -We should brace ourselves. -My gosh. -What are we going to do? -Seriously. -I wonder what happened. -My goodness. How did you come here? Momyeongjin told me. She would never have told you about Ggachi Cave even if she was tortured. You're right. She only told me because I agreed to join you people. -Father. -But on one condition. We will reveal that we're Igutus after some time. We will wait until we're sure that it'll always be the lonicera flower instead of the Hammer of Wind. That means it all depends on the people of the Union. I will do as you say. Thank you, Father. I'm sorry for everything. "Father"? I know I heard it. Do I really have the psychic ability of the gods? Tanya. Tanya... Tanya? The girl must be gone. Stay here and keep a close watch. Tanya. Tanya? The target is The Great Shrine. You mean Asa Ron? Have the Daekan Force ready for battle at any time. Yes, Niruha. -Gitoha. -Yes, Niruha. Prepare at least 50 geun of sulfur and wild honey. Upon my orders, you will burn down every inch of Ggachi Cave. Ggachi Cave? That includes all the people inside as well. Not a single trace of their bodies should remain. Yes, Niruha. -Gilseon. -Yes, Niruha. Find a prisoner we can send into The Great Shrine. I'd prefer one who can sing. Sorry? Yes, Niruha. The girl seems to be gone. Hongsul is still on guard there. We can't just sit around. Bakryangpung, I need a drawing of her to aid us on a search. Her? Ask Mugwang. There's a girl who cursed him. Oh, that girl. Tanya... Wasn't Tagon in possession of her? If anyone gets in your way of finding her, kill them. No matter who they are. Yes, Niruha. Even his son? Of course. What the hell? Were you here all this time? Then why-- Someone's outside. Who? I don't know. I just... sensed someone. Someone's really out there. I searched the entire grounds for you and I didn't spot a single living soul. I have good news. My father will join us. Tagon Niruha? The White Peak Mountain's Hearts will drive away the impostor and return The Great Shrine to its rightful owner. That's you, Tanya. Tanya Niruha, the High Priest. I am a descendant of the Great White Wolf, but how do you know if she truly was Asa Sin? Will people believe it? In order to be acknowledged, you must be in possession of Asa Sin's star bell. Do you perhaps know what it is? A star bell? When Asa Sin left Arthdal, she hid it inside The Great Shrine. I've neither heard of a star bell nor The Great Shine, so how can I... Yes, of course. It's all right. It will never come to that as long as my dad is with you. Anyway, wait for me here. So... if I become the High Priest, will I be of power? Yes. Can I save the Wahans from slavery? -Of course. -Even the ones that were sold far away? Just say the word and they will be brought to you right away. It's your turn now. We've all done it before. We have no choice. No matter how hard we work, we won't be able to meet the quota if one can't provide labor. We'll all starve and in the end... Asa Sin! -Our mother... -Shut it, old man! Do you understand? Just say it. Do it! Hesitating will only make it harder. Just do as those bastards say. -Just do it. One cut is all you need. -Get done with it quickly. -Go on. -Do it. -Come on! -Kill him already. -We need to survive. -We all did our part. -Kill him. -Or we'll all die. -Come on! -Hurry! -Do it! -Don't keep him alive. -Kill him. -Do it. I'm a dujeumsaeng. That's what animals do! -I was born to a filthy bitch... -Kill him! -Something's wrong with him. -You'll never become one of us. Everything about him is weird. He's a liar. -You could actually die! -Do it already! It's not your fault. What's he saying? Killing me and everything that happened to you... -None of that is wrong. -What is he saying? Then what is? If this isn't wrong, then what is? Not even animals would behave so lowly, so how is this not wrong? Do you even know what happened to me and what I had to do? You know nothing! Whatever it is, whatever happened to you, only one of your deeds is worth being punished for. What are you saying? What is that one bad deed? What's going on? That prick. Just do it! -Only that is a crime. -Do it! -So... -What is he waiting for? do it. -Hurry. -This is my punishment too. -Darn. -This is making me go nuts. What's wrong with him? -Just do it. -Get it over with, you prick! What do you think you're doing? -Son of a... -I can't do this. I can't stoop down to the level of animals. Before you came down here, you said you were an animal and that you were no better than one. You said it yourself, didn't you? We all did so and that's why we're living this dirty life. Yes, I said it. "I'm an Igutu, a being no better than animals." I said that too. Then what's with the hissy fit? So I lived like an animal. I didn't want anything and thought of nothing. I breathed because I could, woke up because my eyes opened, and ate anything that I could get my hands on like an animal. Just like you lot. You monster! Shit. -What did you say to provoke him? -You! Then what are we supposed to do? Trying to live in dignity like a Saram means starving to death with him. Besides, you're not a Saram. You're not even a Saram! Let's get out of here. You as Sarams and I as a monster. We'll leave this place. How? He knows a way out. Who? Him? You know the way out of here? You coward. You knew all along? You actually believed what he just said? You believe the word of the Ago Tribe? They fight and deceive even their own people. Why would you believe a word they say? Well... there is a way... We'll try my way then. This isn't a lie. I wasn't lying either. You said you have nothing to do outside though. I do now. Although I'm yet to figure out how. You have a way to get out of here? How? How many days can you go without eating? Hang on. Must we starve first? Is there... really a way out? Do you know her? Do you? No, I haven't seen her before. She's a dujeumsaeng slave. Report it immediately if you spot her. Have you seen her before? Report it immediately. -No. -Report it immediately if you see her. Have you made a decision? If we attack Tagon, what will happen to me? Do I step down from the head of the tribe? Now you sound like my daughter again. Tell me what'll happen. It'll be a funny scene for me to take that seat again. You will stay on as the head of the tribe. Not as the Minister of the bang of Bronze Affiliation though since no such position will exist anymore. You made the right choice. Shut it! I said, shut it! Be quiet! Mihol, can I have a word? A slave? She's a Wahan slave, but the entire Daekan Force is looking for her. He's looking for a slave in this crucial time by mobilizing the Daekan Force? I thought that she had escaped with something valuable, but I found out that her father is Yeolson. I heard that Mubaek came to see you. Don't you find it odd that Mubaek went to see him in person and now Tagon's people are looking for his daughter? Even Heulrip found it suspicious that they speak our language. Isn't it most likely that they're descendants of someone from Arthdal? BRONZE WORKSHOP FORTRESS OF FIRE Everybody, leave! -Yes, sir. -Yes, sir. What is the matter, sir? Listen to me carefully for your daughter's life is on the line. If you lie, stay silent, or hesitate to reply, I will boil your daughter to death in front of your very eyes. I swear upon all the gods of Arthdal. Sir, what on earth are you saying? Please spare her life and ask anything you want. What did Mubaek ask you that day? He inquired the origin of our people. And your answer was what? The Great White Wolf came down The Great Black Cliff and founded our tribe. When? When did that old lady go down the cliff? I hear that it was over 200 years ago. Is... your daughter a direct descendant of that old lady? Yes, sir. She was the next in line to become the great mother of the tribe. Tagon, you must be out of your mind. Excitement. You're excited, aren't you, Tagon? Are you going ahead with it? If that's the case... Are you done contemplating? Were you able to make a decision? Yes, Niruha. I have finally stopped my wandering. The words of your father must've been effective. His sincerity must have reached your heart. You will confess to your crimes in front of everyone and Tagon-- No. I request a Sacred Trial. No matter what, you must comply to a request of a Sacred Trial. You must allow it. You bitch. What are you plotting? A Sacred Trial is-- Yes, I'm sure that you will control the outcome of that trial. So you're willing to sacrifice yourself for someone like Tagon? Yes, but who says you'll still be the High Priest at my trial? I thought you had Tanya in your custody. Taealha and Hae Tuak were keeping an eye on her, but she disappeared after they were arrested. She could've fled or have been abducted. I know some people, so I'll ask around. You know... a girl named Tanya, right? Yes... Good. But the thing is, she has gone into hiding. Where could she be? Probably... the big tree on Dalrae Hill where there's a mud hut... If something happens or you have news, find someone named Chaeeun at the market apothecary. I will boil your daughter to death in front of your very eyes. I swear upon all the gods of Arthdal. Tanya. Do you have everything? Chaeeun. I'm sorry for putting you through this. Don't say that. You must've been scared. I wasn't. They were nice. However, I didn't want to go with them. Thanks. We should tell Mubaek where that Tanya girl is. Don't worry. I'll make sure to tell him. Thank you, Doti. I already informed Tanya of Mubaek so... Chaeeun. Where is Chaeeun? That's me. What-- Please tell Mubaek that my daughter's life is in danger. Father Yeolson, is that you? Doti? My goodness. What do you mean by your daughter? My daughter Tanya. Please save her. I think something has happened to her. Tanya. Is that your name? Hongsul! Tagon, this is a ridiculous plan you're cooking up. A direct descendant of Asa Sin? How ridiculous. A member of the Daekan Forces? What brings you by? I was ordered to kill anyone who got in the way. Hand over the girl. Because the Hae Tribe is known for their academics, you have no idea what our servants are capable of. Get her! Chaeeun? Come on. Let's hurry. Wait. Someone's coming. Over here. Who are you bitches? Move. Damn it. I caught you again. Even though you cursed me, I'm still very much alive. The crescent moon fell and rose multiple times, but nothing happened. You're too late. What? "You're too late." Those are the last words you'll ever hear. You crazy bitch. No! Tanya... Tanya? Tanya? Tanya! A Daekan soldier... Tagon. Tagon! Subtitle translation by Hye-lim Park ARTHDAL CHRONICLES Tanya isn't in your custody, so tell me one good reason I can't kill you. Do you really not know where it is? Do you have no idea at all? I don't know. I'll do as you say, Father. We must strike The Great Shrine. The Daekan Force is ready for battle. When I spill my drink, stab Mihol's guard in the neck. Taealha's Sacred Trial will now begin. Is Asa Sin's direct descendant inside The Great Shine? I'm sure it's an outbreak of a contagious disease. Are they really all dead? Prove yourself. Will I be able to find it? Ripped and synced by gabbyu's Subs 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 