Rumbling Hearts: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rumbling Hearts 
 s1e11 - Dai jû ichi wa - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rumbling Hearts (2003–2004): Season 1, Episode 11 - Dai jû ichi wa - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The warm sunlight is so bright, it reminds me of that summer, when I never knew any pain, always smiling and happy. I kept searching for my dreams and my yearnings I can hear a voice calling me, far away. I have always, always been watching you my true feelings run across the endless skies. Brimming with tears, I take you by the hand. Will we ever meet again, on that hill? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 “Episode 11" “Suzumiya Haruka No Visitors Allowed" “The reception desk has closed for the day" Sis, you've been asleep for three years. It's been three years since the accident. You've been asleep that whole time, Sis. Everyone has been trying desperately to lie to you, for your sake, Sis! If you hadn't had that accident, nobody would have gotten hurt! Nobody! That's not true... This is all... my fault. What are you doing? It's broken. It's busted. Hayase... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Let me have it. “Narumi Takayuki" "Taira Shinji" Narumi-kun... I'm sorry. I was right next to her, but... Not at all. We heard what happened. We're the ones who ought to be apologizing. Narumi-kun, we have put you through nothing but pain. No... Um... so where is Akane? Where did you go, Akane-chan? Hi, it's Narumi. Has Akane-san-? Is that so? Well, I'll keep looking a while longer. Why? Why were you there, Shinji-kun? You should have just left me alone. But if you'd kept going, Hayase, that guy would have... It didn't have to be you, Shinji-kun, did it? How... did this happen? Why... didn't you stop me? You felt sorry for me. That's not true. Did I really look that miserable? I've lost... everything. Is it so wrong to be in love with Takayuki? Is it so wrong that I gave up swimming? Was it so wrong not to say anything to Haruka? Is that how wrong I've been? Are you going to tell Takayuki? I can't go back to him now... Yes. Yes, I will tell him that. Who was that on the phone? Oh, Takayuki-san's cold has gotten worse, so he said he'd like to stay home. Ech! They say that fools don't catch colds, but it seems that dung beetles do. Maybe he could stand to learn from the fools. From the fools! There wasn't any damage to be seen to the brain itself. I'm thinking that this is probably a self-defensive measure, after having received an excessive emotional shock. However, there haven't been very many cases like this, and to be honest, what I just told you is nothing more than my best guess. Right now, all we can do for her is to prevent any further external stimulation, and watch over her. Well then, please do what you can for her. Doctor, is Haruka- Are you all right? I'm all right. I'm starting to get over it. You are to go home for the rest of the day. I'm sorry to have caused you so much concern. If anything happens, we will call you, so please get some rest. But... If it's about Akane, it's all right. She's not a little girl anymore, after all. Right... Narumi-san... Akane-chan? I'm sorry for making you worry. I'm just glad nothing happened to you. Um... How's my sister? She's in the ICU now. She is, huh? Here she had finally woken up after three years. If she doesn't wake up again... Akane-chan... It was my fault. This whole long time, I went on deceiving my sister. That couldn't be helped. It doesn't make it your fault, Akane-chan. Yes, it is! I betrayed my sister! And yet, I said all those terrible things to you, Narumi-san, and blamed Mitsuki-sempai. As well as what I did to my sister... I'm... just awful... Akane-chan, you don't have anything to answer for. Just my own sense of responsibility for what happened to Haruka is plenty. If only I had gotten there on time, Haruka wouldn't have been in that accident. If I had been there in time, Haruka would have been safe. And then, nobody would have had to go through all this pain. Not Haruka, not Mitsuki, and not you, Akane-chan. This is all my fault. I never wanted anyone to get hurt. Narumi-san... I never wanted anyone to get hurt, but I betrayed Haruka, and hurt Mitsuki, too. As well as you, Akane-chan. A- are you okay? I'm all right. I'm fine now. It's all right. I talked to the doctor about Haruka. There's nothing to worry about. She's sure to get better again. You're so nice. Being too nice... can be cruel, too. Akane-chan... When I was nursing Sis back to health as best I could up until she woke up, it wasn't just for her sake. It was also because I figured that once Sis woke up, you'd be thrilled too, Narumi-san. And then I figured that you'd come by to see her, smiling like you always did, Narumi-san. But then, that sounds so sad, huh? I have to get back. I still have to talk to my dad, and all. And I also have to make up for what I've done. I'm going to support Sis from now on. I'm not going to rely on someone else to do it for me, I'm going to do it on my own. Thank you, Narumi-san. Sorry to keep you waiting. Here. It must be hard walking in those, right? They're cheap, but for the time being... Hey, where are you going? Work. Huh? Right now? Shouldn't you take the day off? H- hold on! Are you all right, Mitsuki? I'm sorry, Shinji-kun. “..(Subject}) Good morning (^o^) --(Body) What happened yesterday? (-^o^-) --Miki" For heaven's sake... How many times is this now!? “Narumi Takayuki" Hello. I'm sorry to make you come all the way here. Not at all, I should apologize. Here you go. This is Hayase-san's bag. Thank you- Are you okay? Yes, I'm all right. It's been like this for a while, now. Is that right? When you see Hayase-san, please tell her to contact the office. Right. This might be none of my business, but anyhow, please listen to what she has to say to you. If this affects her work any more than it has, it's going to create problems for me, too. Right. Train now arriving on track 3. For your own Safety, please wait behind the yellow line. My, you're early. Sorry. Thanks to you, I've got to work overtime. But then, it's not like I need to get home early, so I don't mind. Ill help you. Your boyfriend was here. I gave him your bag a little while ago. Is that so? Ill be fine for today. And don't you think you should hurry and go home to him? He's not feeling well, right? He looked like he was ready to collapse at any moment. Takayuki! Geez, what are you doing!? Class is about to start! Come on! Mitsuki... Takayuki! Down the road we would always walk home on, hand in hand, I won't let go. I wish we could stay this way, but time keeps passing us by. Only draw one dream in the night sky- I want to be your star, someday. The midsummer constellations shine down on us as the two of us quietly pray that we can stay together like this, staying true to our feelings. The light has just been born within our two hearts. That wimp is as hopeless as ever. Huh? There's something there! It doesn't make it your fault, Akane-chan. Sempai! It doesn't make it- Sempai! Mayu-Mayu! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 