The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air 
 s1e7 - Def Poet's Society - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 7 - Def Poet's Society - full transcript 
 Will enters into an after school program, following the girls into a Poetry class he makes up a poem on the spot to impress the girls. After creating a poet, Christina asks to bring the made up poet to Poetry Night. After Jazz doesn't come through with an impostor, Will uses Geoffrey as the fake poet. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [instrumental music on stereo] ♪ Michael Jordan Al Capone ♪ ♪ Woody Woodpecker Fred Flintstone ♪ Hey, come on. Vogue with me, baby. Look, Geoffrey. We're voguing. Hmm. And what is the precise nature of this nervous disorder? It's for people that wanna look cool but ain't really got no rhythm. You should be pretty good at it. Now, come on, strike the pose! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Unhand me, you ruffian! Will, please. Don't you have anything better to do than to annoy Geoffrey? Well, yeah, but Carlton ain't home yet. That's right. Do you have any idea what he does after school? Window shop at Randy's Short and Small? Carlton belongs to three different after school clubs. I belong to the home shopping club. Hi, Will. - Hi, honey. - Hi, love. - How was your day? - Fine. Until I ran into the man of leisure here. Will doesn't seem to think he needs any after school activities. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Will, if you just sit around the house whole afternoon and never develop any outside interests you'll become a very, very shallow person. And you won't get into any of the good night clubs. I'll never meet Lisa Bonet. That's right. But Will, you have so many talents. Why not join an after school club? Aunt Viv, I ain't really down with staying at an all-boys school after dark. Alright, then. I think you should get an after school job. Yo! Bring on the clubs! ♪ Now this is a story ♪ ♪ All about how my life got flipped ♪ ♪ Turned upside-down ♪ ♪ And I'd like to take a minute just sit right there ♪ ♪ I'll tell you how I became the prince ♪ ♪ Of a town called Bel-Air ♪ ♪ In West Philadelphia, born and raised ♪ ♪ On the playground is where I spent most of my days ♪ ♪ Chillin' out, maxin' relaxing all cool ♪ ♪ And all shootin' some b-ball outside of the school ♪ ♪ When a couple of guys who were up to no good ♪ ♪ Started makin' trouble in my neighborhood ♪ ♪ I got in one little fight and my mom got scared ♪ ♪ And said you're moving with your auntie ♪ ♪ And uncle in Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I whistled for a cab and when it came near ♪ ♪ The license plate said fresh and it had dice in the mirror ♪ ♪ If anything I can say that this cab was rare ♪ ♪ But I thought nah forget it ♪ ♪ Yo homes to Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I pulled up to a house about seven or eight ♪ ♪ And I yelled to the cabbie ♪ ♪ Yo homes smell you later ♪ ♪ I looked at my kingdom I was finally there ♪ ♪ To sit on my throne as the prince of Bel-Air ♪♪ Well, Will, it's officially after school. Go find the club of your choice. Carlton, if I had the club of my choice you'd be lying on the floor unconscious, right now. A girl? Where did that come from? Didn't you know? We share our extracurricular activities with the girls from our sister school. Well, yo! Lead me to the sisters. I'm ready to get extracurricular. Yo, Will! Slap me 10! You know, I finally rented the movie "Glory" last night. Denzel was incredible. The south, man. I don't know. We got to do something about it. Hey, yo. What's up, Mr. Fellows? Hey, call me Ned. Hey, man, you need another member to this poetry club? Hey, Will, solid! You know, we could really use a representative of the black male urban experience. More specifically, the handsome black male urban experience. Everyone, the meeting's about to begin. So, will you please take your seats? Mm-mm-mmm. I'd like to open this meeting with a reading from the poem "Daddy" by Sylvia Plath. [clears throat] Daddy. "Panzer-man, panzer-man, o you. "Every woman adores a fascist. "The boot in the face the brute, brute hard of a brute like you." Sylvia Plath killed herself shortly after writing this poem. Yo, if she didn't, her daddy would have. Who are you? Oh, everybody. This is my main man, Will Smith the newest member of our poetry club. Will, Christina Johnson. And we're so glad to have you. It's such a thrill to see a man from Bel-Air Academy not afraid to share our love of poetry. Hey, thanks, Christina. Yo, on with the love sharin'. Well, you can start by reading a poem for us. Uh, uh, I didn't bring one. Oh, what a shame. There's nothing that moves me more than hearing a poem recited in a deep, sensual, masculine voice. [deep voice] I got a poem. Who's it by? Uh, he's a street poet. He's a friend of mine. His name is, uh, uh, Raphael De La Ghetto. Raphael Delageteau. I don't think I've ever heard of him. I have. You have? I stay pretty current, bro. Isn't he one of those street poets from south central L.A.? Yeah, yeah. Same guy. Will, the floor is yours. Hey, "Floor's yours." You're a poet, and you don't know it. I am a poet, and I do know it. Will, why don't you recite your poem? Alright, uh, ladies, my poem is called, uh.. ...Tick-tock Clock by Raphael Delageteau. Tick tock clock the clock is ticking for you. 'Cause the love you said you'd give came up way past due. - Ooh! - Ooh! So dance to the clock rock. Stay on the floor. 'Cause when the ticks turn to tocks I'll be knockin' at your door. That was incredible. And very typical of Delageteau's work. Listen, everybody, let's take a break while I go fire up the cappuccino maker. That poem was brilliant. Delageteau uses a lot of metaphor. Oh, no, baby. He used to. He went to the clinic. He's straight now. I'd love to hear more of Delageteau's poems. As a woman, I find his work so passionate so raw, so exciting. When I hear those words my body just quivers crying out for more. [deep voice] Poetry's good. Love, by Raphael Delageteau. Burnin' love, by Raphael Delageteau. Master William, Mr. Jazz is here to see you. - What up, Jazz? - What's up, man? Man, I got this new Ice Cube tape. It's dope-- Hey, J, J, I ain't got enough time for that. I got to finish writing this poem. Poem? Then what you going to do bake some cookies? Hem a dress? Shut up. I'm doing it to get this girl. Alright, look. Listen to what I got so far. I just need one last line. "My love for you is like a river. "Like a summer breeze "that makes my soul shiver. One look from you is more precious than gold." Let's go get some barbecue and get busy. What kind of line is that? It always works for me. I hear someone in this room likes poetry. Try this one on for size. Roses are red, violets are blue pansies are poets. Will, tell me it isn't true. That's funny. I got a poem for you, Carl. Try this one on for size. Roses are red, violets are blue Jazz and I are black, but Carlton, what are you? Master William I applaud your new interest. Poetry is one of my great loves. I won first prize at the old Devonshire poetry recital of 1963. Master William, you should have been there. The crowd rose to its feet shouting, "Encore! Encore!" That's very interesting-- Cannon to the right of them. Cannon to the left of them. Cannon in front of them. Volleyed and thundered! You need a last line for that? - Good evening. - Good evening, sir. So, young man, how'd it go at school today? - I joined the poetry club. - Excellent. I remember when I first got interested in poetry. So who's the girl? Man, I'm starving. When do we eat here? We eat here later. You eat here never. Looks like you eat here often. Aah! Hi, Will. Where's your uncle? Uh, he's throwing Jazz out the house again? Oh, okay. Here are those poetry books you wanted. I used them in the freshman lit class I taught last year. If you have any questions about poetry, just ask me. Well, yeah, I have a question. Well, I understand why guys get into poetry to get girls. But why do girls like poetry? Because girls think with their brains. Miss Christina Johnson. Hey, Christina. Uh, this is my Aunt Viv and this is my Cousin Ashley. - Nice to meet you, Christina. - You, too. You'll have to excuse us. Oh! Hey, Will, I've got a poem. Will and Christina sitting in a tree-- Hey, hey, hey. Beat it. They seem really nice. Yeah. They mean well but the only people I'm really comfortable with are my friends.. ...the dead poets. Care to sit? Thanks. You know, I can't get Delageteau's poem off my mind. Yeah, he is a genius, isn't he? Do you really, really know him? Yeah. We're like brothers. Tell me, Will. What's he like? He's a kind of a strange guy. His girl left him back in the sixties and he never changed his clothes. Wears the same old dashiki, monster afro. That's such a sad story. I know. When I think about poor Raphael it makes me wonder if a woman could ever really care about a man. Ohh.. Will. I'm glad you know him so well because I have a favor to ask you. Anything. Could you bring Raphael to poetry night? Excuse me? We have it at school once a month. See, usually club members get up and recite their poetry. But I'm in charge of it this month and I thought wouldn't it be great if we had a real poet? Well, I don't know, Christina. Raphael really really does not like to leave the house. You wouldn't either if you had the same dashiki on for 20 years. Could you just ask him, Will? I'd be so grateful. I could ask him, baby, but I'm sure he'll say no. Well, please try, Will. It would mean so much to me. Yo, he'll be there. Jazz. Man, I'm glad you're here. What's up? You sounded klutzy on the phone. Man, I'm in big trouble. I promised Christina I'd have a famous poet at school tonight. I'm connected, but I don't know any famous poets. Jazz, I need somebody to pretend to be a famous poet. (Phil) 'I'll be home about six, Geoffrey.' Is that your uncle? Man, I'm tired of those grass burns. - Good morning, Will. - Good morning. You better get ready for school. Okay. We are really looking forward to poetry night tonight. How did you hear about it? Your teacher, Mr. Fellows, called. He's calling all the parents at Bel-Air academy. Oh, no, no, Aunt Viv, um.. You guys can't go. But I love poetry. Wait a minute now, Vivian. Let's be a little sensitive here. Will only joined the poetry club because he had a crush on Christina. If we show up, we'll cramp his style. Okay, you're right. Will, good luck tonight. Thanks for understanding, Uncle Phil. Are you kidding? I just didn't want to get stuck at some boring poetry night. Is he gone yet? Jazz, did you hear any of that? Man, this thing's getting out of control. Look, I need a phony poet tonight. What does he have to do? He just has to have a big afro a dashiki, and stand in front of a crowd and just read some stuff I write for him. He has to be able to read? Yes, Jazz. That'll cost you two extra Jacksons but I know a guy. He's a sidewalk jewelry salesman so he has free nights. But he need about 60 bucks, cash.. ...in advance. 60? Man, what are you trippin'? All I got is 20. He'll take it. Here's an extra 10. Get me a Rolex. I just can't believe it, Mr. Fellows. Raphael Delageteau at Bel-Air Academy. Yes. I'm really looking forward to seeing him again. Will, is Raphael here yet? Uh, no. He'll probably be a little late. You know, he likes his audience to be a little hostile. Oh, it's okay if he's running a little late. I just wrote a new poem, and I'm anxious to share it. Will, this is our night. Bringing Raphael Delageteau here tonight is the most exciting thing that's ever happened to me. I'm feeling really close to you right now. I don't know how to thank you. Well, you don't have to thank me, Christina. Oh, but, Will, I want to. After the reading. ♪ Will's gonna get thanked ♪ What are you guys doing here? It's after dark, Master William. I thought it wise to drive the young ladies to ensure that they arrived safely. Are there any women my age here? - But why did you two come? - Are you kidding? We heard the buzz about this event on Melrose. I cannot believe your dinky little school got Raphael Delageteau to come. Why didn't you tell me it was poetry night? You know what a great lover of literature I am. Hilary, I've never seen you read nothing. Oh, that's right. And I suppose I just get my horoscope out of the air. Jazz, where is the poet? Locked up in the steel hotel. Cops caught him with a fistful of toy Rolexes. Yo, let's get outta here. Hey, Jazz, I can't go. After this, I'm getting thanked. "Ode to Judy." "Unfinished Sunday Times puzzle "lying limp on the hardwood floor. "The society page spread open. "My coffee is cold. "It seems you are engaged "to a prominent investment banker. "Prominent for what? I'd very much like to know." Man, we better go. This crowd's gonna get ugly if they got to listen to much more of that. Master William. The audience is growing restless. Where is this Delageteau fellow? G, I really stepped in it this time, man. I don't know what I'm gonna do. What's wrong? There is no Raphael Delageteau. I made him up. I just wanted to impress Christina. I even had Jazz hire a phony poet to come tonight but the dude didn't show up. There was extenuating circumstances. I don't know what I'm gonna do, G. Christina's a very, very nice girl. If she finds out I lied to her she may never even speak to me again. Everyone, I'm sorry for the delay but the big moment has finally come. I'd like to present the man responsible for this evening's event. Mr. Will Smith. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Raphael Delageteau. Ahem. "Listen "to the street beat. "Hear the sound pound. "Plug your ears "mask your fears "something weird's going down. "So listen to the street beat. "Listen to the box shock. Listen, or I'll kill you." That was heavy, man. Let's have another one. Encore! - Encore! - Encore! Encore! Encore! Cannon to the right of them. Cannon to the left of them. Cannon in front of them. Volleyed and thundered! Hilary, isn't that your butler? Yeah. Wow. It's a good look for him. Come through the jaws of death. [indistinct chatter] Silence, you ungrateful children. When you're ready to be quiet and listen, I shall return. That was your butler. Hey, hey, look, baby, let me explain. You don't even know Delageteau. I can't believe anything you've said to me. You're nothing but a liar. My man will ain't no liar. Who are you? I am Raphael Delageteau. Well, where's your afro? And where's your dashiki? I worked all that out in therapy. I don't know who to believe anymore. How do I know you're the real Raphael Delageteau? Listen.. My love for you is like a river. Like a summer breeze that makes my soul shiver. One look from you is more precious than gold. Let's go get some barbecue and get busy. Oh, Raphael. Tell me more. Works every time. [all laughing] Cannon to the left of them! Cannon to the right of them! Oh, I'm sorry I missed that. So Jazz went out with Christina, huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's cool, though, baby. Hey, I'm a poet, and there's a lot more ink in this pen. I think you have a talent for poetry, Will. Come on, Aunt Viv. I was just playing around with this stuff. But the poem that you wrote got a standing ovation. That's right, and it got me a date. And the other one you wrote got Jazz a date. And the one I got out of your wastebasket got me a date. Mommy, I'd like to hear a poem. - Could you read us one? - Okay. This is a poem that your father and I especially love. It's by Amiri Baraka. It's called "Three Modes of History and Culture." "I think about a time "when I will be relaxed. "When flames and nonspecific passion "wear themselves away. "And my eyes and hands and mind can turn "and soften "and the songs will be softer and weight the air." If you'd like to learn more about poetry you can reach us at-- Psych. We just kidding. Goodnight, y'all. [theme music] [music continues] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 