The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air 
 s1e6 - Mistaken Identity - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 6 - Mistaken Identity - full transcript 
 While Philip and Vivian go on a trip to Palm Springs in Mr. Furth's helicopter, Will and Carlton drive Furth's car there as well. They get pulled over for "stealing" the car. Hilary babysits Ashley as Geoffrey has the weekend off. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [instrumental music] Thank you, Geoffrey. - Mom! - It's only a weekend. Besides, at your age you should be able to babysit your little sister. Nuh-uh. Why can't Geoffrey babysit her? Because we're giving him the weekend off. You mean I'm going to have to get my own breakfast, too? Am I being punished for something? I was just asking myself that same question. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But, dad, I'm only nine. Can't Hilary take care of herself? Oh, hi, Hilary. Now, Ashley, you be a good girl while we're in Palm Springs. Well, I'm in a bad mood and somebody is going to suffer. Please take me with you. If I could, sweety, I'd put you in my pocket but this retreat is just for members of the law firm and their wives or spouses. No kids allowed. Man, this is gon' be hype! Yo, Palm Springs! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The home of the dental floss bikini. Will, before you get your mojo working.. ...I think there's something you should know. You're not going. Yo, you better tell that to my mojo 'cause his bags is packed. [doorbell rings] That's gonna be Henry and Margaret. Uh, Geoffrey, would you get that, please? Right away, sir. I shall tend to my hernia a bit later. Hey, Uncle Phil, man, I-I don't think you want to leave me here all weekend you know, with no adult supervision. Did you see that movie "House Party?" No. Did you see "The Terminator?" Mr. and Mrs. Furth. Well, kids, the limo's waiting. We'll drive right to the helicopter. - Helicopter? - I just got my license. My man Henry. Wouldn't it be nice if you could have your car with you in Palm Springs? What if you could find a nice, responsible young man to drive it there for you? Will, that's a super idea. Carlton, you're a nice, responsible young man. And you're an eminent respected attorney and your wife is a dazzling beauty. Yo, G, did you leave a vacuum cleaner on? I just heard a loud sucking noise. Carlton, old sport how would you like to drive my Mercedes to Palm Springs this weekend? You could hang around the retreat, play some golf. And you know the chicks in Palm Springs wear the skimpiest of bikinis. Well, I sure could use a good game of golf. Good show. See you there. Okay, everybody. Last one in the chopper is a rotten egg. [chuckles] - See you, kiddo. - 'Uh-huh.' - Okay. Take care. - 'See you, dad.' - 'Have a good trip.' - Okay, son. Why so glum, chum? It was my idea for me to drive his car to Palm Springs. How come he asked you to do it? This is a black thing, isn't it? [theme music] ♪ Now this is a story all about ♪ ♪ How my life got flipped turned upside-down ♪ ♪ And I'd like to take a minute just sit right there ♪ ♪ I'll tell you how I became the prince ♪ ♪ Of a town called Bel-Air ♪ [music continues] ♪ In West Philadelphia born and raised ♪ ♪ On the playground is where I spent most of my days ♪ ♪ Chillin' out maxin' relaxin' all cool ♪ ♪ And all shootin' some B-ball outside of the school ♪ ♪ When a couple of guys who were up to no good ♪ ♪ Started makin' trouble in my neighborhood ♪ ♪ I got in one little fight ♪ ♪ And my mom got scared ♪ ♪ And said you're moving with your auntie ♪ ♪ and uncle in Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I whistled for a cab and when it came near ♪ ♪ The license plate said fresh and it had dice in the mirror ♪ ♪ If anything I can say that this cab was rare ♪ ♪ But I thought nah forget it ♪ ♪ Yo homes to Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I pulled up to a house about seven or eight ♪ ♪ And I yelled to the cabby ♪ ♪ Yo homes smell you later ♪ ♪ I looked at my kingdom I was finally there ♪ ♪ To sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel-Air ♪♪ [music continues] (Carlton) 'A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H..' ♪ I got a gal ♪ ♪ In Kalamazoo ♪ ♪ I don't want to boast ♪ ♪ but I know she's the toast of Kalamazoo ♪ ♪ Zoo zoo zoo zoo ♪♪ Plans for Palm Springs. One, work on golf swing. Two, review SAT Practice book. Three, ask Mr. Furth about a summer internship. Four, get the stick out of your butt. [laughing] Way to go, Will. You almost made us crash. What do you think you're doing here anyway? Oh, come on, just relax, C. Pretend I'm not even here. Gladly. What you eating? Oh, for crying out loud. Could I have some? Alright, Will, I'll share my snack with you on one condition, when we get to Palm Springs you will behave like a proper gentleman and try to maintain some sense of decorum and etiquette. - Understood? - Yeah. Good. What do you say to an Oreo? I say, "What's up, Carlton?" [instrumental music] (Carlton) I can't believe we're lost. What's the name of this street? "Arguello Drive." Maybe that'll get us back to the freeway. Here. Let me check. [sighs] No, man. No freeways, son, I.. Hey, C-Carlton, look out! A low bridge! [screams] Look, thanks a lot, man. Now we got to go back and get my head. And I really liked that head. Can the yuck fest, Will. We're lost and it's all your fault. You're the one that ain't bring no map. Well, you're the one that have to go to the bathroom. You're the one that gave me that Shasta. [siren blaring] - Is that the police? - Punch it, man. We're in a Benz. Are you crazy? I call this a lucky break. A policeman is our pal. We can ask him for directions. Listen to me, Carlton, when he comes up keep your hands on the wheel. Good evening, officer. Carlton Banks. Keep your hands on the wheel. Where you heading? We're going to Palm Springs. And yourself? Where are you headed this fine evening? Good job, Carlton. Now he's gon' want to see your license. - Right. - Can I see your license? My license? Yeah. I have to warn you this picture was taken without my contacts. And the height is a typo. I'm actually a lot taller. Fool, this is not "The Love Connection." - Vehicle registration, please. - Just a sec. But the thing is, officer, this isn't my car. [groans] - Get out of the car, Carlton. - What? He's going to tell us to get out of the car. You watch too much TV, Will. Get out of the car. Officer, honestly, I don't see the need to-- Hey, hey! Get out of the car now. [instrumental music] Okay, Carlton, thanks to you we're already an hour late to bikini land. So, when they interrogate us, which they like to do keep all your answers short and sweet. Will, I know how to handle this. I'm pre-law. Okay, fellas, let's start at the beginning. - Where are you from? - LA. - Well, not exactly. - Next question, please. Now let's hear what your friend has to say. Actually, we come from Bel-Air. In fact, we live two houses away from the Reagans. We have the same pool man. And where were you headed to? The desert. Next question, please. Not just the desert, Palm Springs. We're going to a legal retreat. It's at Henry Furth's villa, he's my father's partner and the owner of the car we were driving. Oh, he is, is he? Then why didn't he drive it himself to Palm Springs? Because his wife flew everybody in her helicopter. Okay, fellas, we've had a lot of car thefts in the area lately. You want to talk about it? Okay, I think it's terrible. You making fun of me, kid? You're the one who wanted to talk about it. Why, frankly, I think it's a matter for the police to handle. Carlton, they're handling it now. What on earth are you talking about? They think we stole the Benz. Officers, let me call Henry Furth he's the owner of the car and he'll straighten everything out. Sure. Sure. And while you're at it you might want to give Ron and Nancy a ring-a-ding-ding. Come on. It's up! It's up! It's up! - Come on! - Oh! You bum. You miserable bum. What a great game. [telephone rings] Would you get that, honey? [ringing continues] - Hello? - May I speak to Philip Banks? Thanks? For what? No, I said Philip Banks. Can I speak to him? Oh, I don't see him, he must have stepped out. Can you call back later? No. Is Mr. Furth there? Yes. This is Mrs. Furth. Oh, Mrs. Furth. This is Carlton. Carlton banks. Oh, Carlton, how are you, dear? Mrs. Furth, you've gotta get a message to my father. It's very important. I'm in jail. Yale? Marvelous. Oh, I've got to go now. See you soon, dear. Oh, Philip, Vivian. Carlton just called. - Is everything alright? - Oh, I should say so. He got into Yale. Yale? That's my alma mater. Carlton's only a sophomore, he's not applied to college yet. Oh, you know Margaret, I'm sure she got it wrong. Probably wasn't Yale. Probably wasn't a call. Probably wasn't even a phone. I'm not getting back into that helicopter with her. Yo, yo, C, it's-it's alright, man, chill. Yo, I get a phone call, too. C, it's alright. Chill. [ringing] Get it. Hilary, you're sitting right next to the phone. I don't care, I'm your babysitter. I command you. [ringing continues] Phone. Let me know if it's for me. But, Miss Hilary, I'm off duty. And you're sitting right next to the phone. Yeah, but you're facing the phone. [ringing continues] Lazy House. Hey, G, w-what up, yo? Uh, this is Will, man. I-I need a big favor. Uh-uh, I'm tired of doing favors for you spoiled children. I'm off duty. I am not an animal. Hey, yo, man. I need another phone call. My butler hung up on me. Okay, fellas, you want to talk about those other car thefts? Look, I don't think you know who you're talking to. I have a 3.95 grade point average which would have been a 4.0 except that I had to take a ceramics class and my pot exploded in my kiln. I'm going to go to Harvard Law School and graduate with honors and then I'm going to sue you blind. Now, give us another phone call. [gate clangs] [instrumental music] [coughing] I think he likes you. This is terrible. I'm ruined. I'll be kicked out of the Glee Club. I won't get into Princeton. I won't be admitted to the bar. Neither will I. The cops took my fake ID. Oh, come on, man, don't give me that my-dog-is-dead face. - Come on. Let's sing. - I'm not singing. Come on. ♪ When Israel was in Egypt land ♪ This is just retarded. Come on, man. Let it go. You'll feel better. ♪ Let my people go ♪ ♪ Oppressed so hard they could not stand ♪ ♪ Let my people go ♪ ♪ Go down Moses ♪ ♪ Way down in Egypt land ♪ ♪ Tell old pharaoh ♪ ♪ Let my people go ♪♪ ♪ Clap your hands slap your thighs ♪ ♪ Hallelujah hallelujah ♪ ♪ Everybody sing along ♪ ♪ Come join the jubilee ♪♪ ♪ I am music and I write the songs ♪♪ Yo, that was dope, Bob! Take five? Yo, C, we got to get out of here, man. That big dude is making me nervous. Why? Anytime you see a white guy in jail you know he did something bad. Man, we got to get a message to Uncle Phil. He's a lawyer and he'll get us out of here. But they won't give us any more phone calls. Not that it matters, the game was on so loud Mrs. Furth couldn't even hear what I said. - The game? - Yeah. The football game on TV. That's all they do at these retreats. Alright, alright. We out of here, man. I got an idea. - Yo! - Yeah. My, uh, buddy here is ready to confess. - 'Come on!' - 'Come on! Look at this!' - Man, oh! - He's going for the touchdown! (all) Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! (man on TV) 'We interrupt this game for a special report.' You bum! This is Steve Goddard of the Minute Man 21 News Team at the Santa Juanesta Police Station. The recent rash of car thefts in the Palm Springs area has finally been solved, as the perpetrators were arrested earlier this evening. 'The ringleader agreed to confess' only if a camera crew were present to broadcast live. What you're about to see is a Minute Man 21 News exclusive. Yeah! We done it! Word to big bird. We vicked eight Benzitos fifteen Jags, and a Maserati but I ain't like the upholstery so I took it back, jack! Uh, do you have anything to say? Dad! ♪ Someone left the cake out in the rain ♪ ♪ I don't think that I can take it ♪ ♪ 'Cause it took so long to bake it ♪ ♪ And I'll never have that recipe again ♪ ♪ Oh no ♪♪ - Aunt Viv! - Dad! - Who is in charge here? - I am. Let those kids out. These kids are car thieves. And you have made a big mistake. Now I don't know how you got that bogus confession out of them but those two boys haven't stolen a thing from anyone. This has got to be the biggest amateur operation I've seen since "Mayberry RFD." Could you ask your wife to calm down? Calm yourself, Barney Fife! Vivian, please. Now, officers, I'm sure we can clear this whole matter up quite easily. Would you please sit down? We're busy now. Oh, honey, we're about to get very busy up in here. - Sit down! - Hey! You don't talk to my wife like that. Now, wait a minute, buddy. Who the hell do you think you're talking to? Who the hell do you think you're talking to? - What's going on here? - May I help you, sir? I'm Henry Furth. Good news, Mr. Furth. Your car is safe and sound and we've got the perpetrators. Those aren't the perpetrators. Those are my partner's son and nephew. - Partner? - Legal partner. I've got a few questions for you. When you got this alleged confession from these two young men, did they have a lawyer present? No. Because I'm their lawyer. Did you notify their parents? No, because we're their parents. So, officer, don't tell us to wait. And don't tell us to sit down. Just open that damn cell and let those two boys out of there or I'm gonna tie this place up with so much litigation that your grandchildren are gonna need lawyers! Open the cell, Jerry. Peace out, Bob. ♪ One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do ♪ ♪ Two can be as bad as one ♪ ♪ But the loneliest number is the number one ♪ ♪ One is the loneliest number ♪ ♪ One is the loneliest number ♪♪ Geoffrey, I want a duck salad. When exactly do you go back on duty? When your parents walk through that door and not a moment sooner. (Vivian) 'Hi. We're home.' Drat. Hilary, how'd everything go with Ashley? Mother, she was a little angel. She polished my nails and cleaned out my closet. And to reward her, we went to this little cafe that's owned by John Cougar Mellencamp, Kim Basinger and Doogie Howser's business manager. And we spent the whole afternoon drinking espresso. You let Ashley drink espresso? Hi, mom! Hi, dad! Let's go play! Let's go play! Come on, everybody, let's go play! Oh, my God, not.. Not tonight, sweety. We kinda had an exhausting weekend. - What happened? - We got arrested. - Arrested? - By who? The fashion police? No, the police thought we stole Mr. Furth's car but they were just trying to do their jobs. Why did they think you stole it? Hillary, we've been over that all weekend. It's late and I think we all should go to bed. Oh, I don't want to go to bed. I want to play monopoly. I want to jump rope. Let's go paint my room! Geoffrey, some warm milk, please. - 'Yo, Carlton.' - Yeah? Those cops were just trying to do their jobs? Will, don't get all bent out of shape. Man, you ain't learn nothing this weekend, did you? I most certainly did. Always bring a map. What? If we would've had a map we wouldn't have had to drive two miles an hour trying to find a freeway entrance and we wouldn't have been stopped. Oh, okay, okay. I get it now. We were stopped 'cause we were driving too slow. We were breaking the slowness limit. Oh, okay, well, you see, I never heard of that law before but I did hear this other law it's called that "If you see a black guy "driving anything but a burnt out Pinto you better stop him because he stole it law." Yeah, I heard about that one. Oh, but, see, I-I thought it was "The Black Guy Law" when in actuality, it was the "Slowness Limit Law." Oh. Thank you for sharing that with me, Carlton. Goodnight. They were just doing their job. - Goodnight, Carlton. - What's your complaint here? We were detained for a few hours. Dad cleared things up and we were released. The system works. I hope you like that system 'cause you're gonna be seeing a whole lot of it during your lifetime. Not if I bring a map. You just don't get it, do you? No map is going to save you and neither is your Glee Club or your fancy Bel-Air dress or who your daddy is 'cause when you're driving in a nice car in a strange neighborhood, none of that matters. They only see one thing. Well, maybe growing up where you did has made you a little touchy. But I think you've blown this thing way out of proportion. If you look at the facts.. Carlton, it's late. It's a school day tomorrow, son. Yeah, yeah. Okay, dad. Um, y-you know, it was awfully nice of Mr. Furth to help us out. I'll have to write him a Thank You note. It shouldn't have happened in the first place, son. Goodnight. Dad? If you were a policeman and you saw a car driving two miles an hour wouldn't you stop it? I asked myself that question the first time I was stopped. Goodnight, son. I would stop it. [theme music] ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 