The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air 
 s1e4 - Not with My Pig, You Don't - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 4 - Not with My Pig, You Don't - full transcript 
 Philip's parents come to visit for the weekend when he wins a prestigious award. After finding the rehearsed lines of the Banks' to be boring and deciding to kill the story, Will talks to ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [instrumental music] Shall I continue to delay dinner, madam? Yes, Geoffrey. I don't know where he could be. He's never late without calling. Do you think daddy's alright? It's awfully late, mom. Okay, let's not jump to any conclusions. I know we're all worried, but let's not.. Oh! Bill Cosby has a streetwise niece coming on his show. That should be decent. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I'm home. - Daddy. - Philip, where have you been? - I was at the office. I'm sorry I didn't call, but I wanted to rush right home with the great news. What is the highest recognition a self-made Black professional can receive? A raise! No, darling, it's not a raise. I'm getting the Urban Spirit Award. Oh, Philip, we're so proud of you. Is it a cash award? Hilary, don't be so shortsighted. This award is an honor which leads to prestige which leads to cash. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, the community leaders are recognizing me for helping our brothers and sisters on the streets. But the only time I've ever seen you on the streets is when you're waiting for the valet to bring your car around. Is that so, son? Well, let me tell you something. The '63 March on Washington? I was there. The '65 demonstrations at Selma, I was there. The '65 Watts Riots, I was there, too. Seems to me every place you go, trouble follows. Well, your uncle deserves this award. Now he's fought a lot of discrimination cases. He's prosecuted slumlords. He's started scholarship funds. All that and he still found time to vote for Reagan. Twice. Thank you, sweetheart. You know, it wouldn't be bad if you could remember some of that when the reporter gets here. - Reporter? - Photographer? New dress. Honey.. Alright, sweetheart, you can have a new dress. I want you all to look your best for the newspaper interview and the awards banquet. Oh, daddy, this is wonderful. Two new dresses. Have you called your parents? You bet. They're taking the next plane out. Oh, great. Grandma and grandpa are coming to visit. [chuckles] Toys. [theme music] ♪ Now this is a story all about ♪ ♪ How my life got flipped turned upside-down ♪ ♪ And I'd like to take a minute just sit right there ♪ ♪ I'll tell you how I became the prince ♪ ♪ Of a town called Bel-Air ♪ [music continues] ♪ In West Philadelphia born and raised ♪ ♪ On the playground is where I spent most of my days ♪ ♪ Chillin' out maxin' relaxin' all cool ♪ ♪ And all shootin' some B-ball outside of the school ♪ ♪ When a couple of guys who were up to no good ♪ ♪ Started makin' trouble in my neighborhood ♪ ♪ I got in one little fight ♪ ♪ And my mom got scared ♪ ♪ And said you're moving with your auntie ♪ ♪ and uncle in Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I whistled for a cab and when it came near ♪ ♪ The license plate said fresh and it had dice in the mirror ♪ ♪ If anything I can say that this cab was rare ♪ ♪ But I thought nah forget it ♪ ♪ Yo homes to Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I pulled up to a house about seven or eight ♪ ♪ And I yelled to the cabby ♪ ♪ Yo homes smell you later ♪ ♪ I looked at my kingdom I was finally there ♪ ♪ To sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel-Air ♪♪ [music continues] Oh, yeah. That's it. Come on, Ash. Rock this funky joint, baby. Come on, Ash. Less like George Michael, more like Hammer. Come on. That's it. Co.. Baby, you got to put some more butt into it. That's it. Ooh, yeah. Excuse me, but grandma and grandpa are here. I just saw the cab pull up the driveway. Yoo-hoo! - Grandpa. - Sweet potato. - Grandma. - Ashley, sweetie. Oh, my, how you've grown. Hilary, sweetie. Ooh, my, how you've grown. Carlton, sweetie. Hi. Grandma, grandpa, this is my cousin Will. Oh, hi, Will. Your uncle told us all about you. I don't know, Hattie. He don't look like the devil incarnate. Thanks. So, how was the flight from Baltimore? - Baltimore? - Well, yeah. That's where Uncle Phil's from, right? Oh, he moved there when he was 16 but he was born and raised in Yamacraw. Yamacraw? North Carolina. I can't believe Zeke never mentioned his hometown. Zeke? [laughing] Mama. Pop. Mama! - Oh! - Hey, Uncle Zeke! Zeke, give your old man a hug. - Okay, pop. - 'Hi, sweetheart.' Am I tripping, or does this sort of remind you of the last episode of "Family Ties?" [indistinct chatter] Hey, daddy, didn't I send you some money for a new suit? Hey, you're looking at it. When you sent that money, me and my buddy Leroy went down to the dry goods store and we each got a suit, a fishing rod and some radial tires. Well, I guess I better get to fixing supper. - Geoffrey! - Madam? This is what I'll be needin'. "One pound of lard "four handfuls poke greens and a big old slab of fatback." Now, if it comes to more than a dollar, they're cheating you. We are going to have pork chops, collard greens baked macaroni, and sweet potato pie. Have mercy! Grandma, grandpa, you want to go see our swimming pool? That's a good idea. Oh, growing up my Zeke always did love our swimming hole. He would strip down to his birthday suit and dive right in. Oh, granny, please. It's almost dinnertime. Oh, he just loved his skinny-dipping him and Melvin. Melvin? Oh, I don't think we all want to hear anything.. Au contraire, dad. The Melvin stories are priceless. So, Melvin was like his best friend? Melvin was his pig. Oh, I have plenty stories about my Zeke. Well, are any of them humiliating stories? The best ones are. Let's start with those. ♪ Wade in the water ♪ ♪ Wade in the water children ♪ ♪ Wade in the water ♪ ♪ God's gonna trouble.. ♪♪ It's 3 o'clock in the morning, Will. - How did you see me? - Mama knows. Hey, uh, look, granny, um, please don't tell Uncle Phil. I'm just like a little bit past my curfew. How much is a little? Well, let's just say I went out after I was supposed to be in. Don't do it again. Alright, wha-what are you doing up so late? Oh, child, I had to get up and get breakfast started. I don't know what y'all got that Geoffrey for. - Five-card draw? - Yeah, I'm with it. You know, granny, I-I really like you. You and-you and grandpa, you have fun. Tell jokes. You all bust me up. Thank you, son. Hey, look, hey, granny, it's late. Everybody's asleep. You can level with me. Uncle Phil's adopted, right? Oh, now, we're real proud of Zeke. Did you know he won the Young Farmers Of America Pig Raising trophy? No, I didn't know that, but I'd love to have some details about that. Won it four years running. They had to retire his slop bucket. Slop bucket? Oh, I can't wait till he wakes up. Respect your elders, son. Mm-mm! See, I beat you! You know, he was the first Black president of the young farmers. Was that like a big thing? Oh, my, yes! Mm-mm! I beat you again! You know, then we also had those white rest rooms? - Yeah. - Mm-hmm. Well, I remember this one time we was downtown and Zeke had had too much lemonade and suddenly he just split out from me and split right into that white rest room. They told him to leave but little Zeke just stood his ground. - Uncle Phil did that? - Mm-hmm. Mm-mm! Lookee here, I beat you again. Alright, now that reporter's gonna be here any minute. Does everybody remember what they're supposed to say? - Hilary? - Yes, daddy. - Ashley? - Yes, daddy. Vivian? What is this, the Von Trapp family? Philip, I'm not about to parrot a bunch of compliments for the benefit of some reporter. Let's not be naive, Vivian. I've dealt with the press before, if you don't rehearse what you goin' to say, they eat you alive. Carlton? At the forefront of the Civil Rights movement.. You were asleep, son. Sorry, dad, all of grandma's pies last night and waffles this morning, I just crashed. I've got the sugar blues. I'm this close to a crying jack. Miss Melissa Klein, sir. LA Press, Urban Beat. I'd like you to meet my family. My wife Vivian, my son Carlton my daughters Hilary and Ashley. Pleased to meet you. So where's the photographer? Oh, your father sent a picture in already. - Am I in it? - Yes, you are. Am I pretty? Let's begin the interview, shall we? Mr. Banks, you're best known as the lawyer who won the landmark housing discrimination case "Winston Vs Jones" but our readers want to know about Philip Banks, the man. Uh, well, I really don't like to blow my own horn. [clears throat] [sighs] Growing up on the mean streets of Baltimore, Maryland Philip Banks overcame great obstacles to win a scholarship to Princeton University in 1963. You know, Hilary, Princeton was the turning point in Philip Banks' life. It was then that he developed an interest in law and distinguished himself as a fine student earning himself a place at Harvard Law School. That's right, Carlton. But did you know that Philip Banks in addition to becoming a partner of the prestigious law firm of Furth, Wynn and Meyer remained active in the field of Civil Rights culminating in his crowning achievement in 1975 when he was elected to the board of the ASPCA. ASPCA? I think Ashley means N-A-A-C-P. Sorry, daddy. [instrumental music] [laughing] Yo, yo, yo. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. After living in Bel-Air, you know it was great to spend some time at Disneyland you know, to get back to reality. [all laughing] Ooh. Joe, it's 7:30. We're getting to be a couple of night owls. Yes, ma'am. We better go put ourselves to bed. Oh, honey, I'm with you. - Goodnight. - Goodnight, honey. Feature desk, please. Jake? Melissa. Look, I'm having second thoughts about this Philip Banks piece. It's just one long, boring resume. Well, for a while there, I thought I had an angle about the ASPCA, but that, uh, turned out to be a blind alley. I'm telling you, this man's life is boring. His own son kept nodding out. We better kill the story. Okay, bye. Uh, hold up, lady. My uncle has been looking forward to this all week. If you kill that story, he's gonna get mad. If he gets mad, the heat comes down on me. Look here, you gotta wake up and smell the java. Your uncle's dull. Dull, dull, dull. Dull? Sweetheart, that is one thing my uncle is not. Max out, lady. I got a couple stories for you. [instrumental music] Oh, dear. Oh, good Geoffrey, you got the paper. Yes, madam. Make sure you buy the 100 copies that Mr. Banks wanted. Before we make such an investment perhaps it might be wise for you to peruse the contents of this article. Oh, dear. Geoffrey, how on earth did they get a hold of all these stories? Madam, the press is made up of a very low type of person. You see what they've done to Fergie. Vivian, is it in the morning paper? - Uh...yeah. - Good. You got the paper. Oh, why don't you have your morning coffee first, sir? Oh, that's perfect. I'll have my coffee, and you read it to me, Geoffrey. Yes, sir. [sighs] "Local lawyer wins prestigious award." Well, it goes on from there. Goes on to what? Just details, really. - I'll just recycle this. - Give it to me. [chuckles] [exhales] "The coveted Urban Spirit award "given to Los Angeles' outstanding Black leaders "will be presented tonight to distinguished attorney Philip Banks." Ah, this is well-written. "Known to his barnyard companions as Zeke.. "Banks is no stranger to accolades. "This ex-hog-handler.. "...slopped his way to the top "with the help of his trusted companion Melvin, the pig." Who is responsible for this? Ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, yo! Hey, Uncle Zeke, I got your 100 black and whites, huh. I can't believe this, how did they get all these stories about the pig? Oh. Alright. Alright. Alright. I wasn't going to tell you, but.. You! Will, honey.. ...run. - What did I do? - What did you do? You destroyed my image. Man, I ain't destroyed nothing. Of course, you did. Look at that story. I've gotta walk into that banquet room tonight filled with people who are gonna think I'm nothing but a hog-handling hick from Yamacraw. But that is where you come from, Zeke. Mama, I was just having a few words with Will. And I'm having a few words with you. What have you got to be ashamed of? We always put food on the table and clothes on your back. Mama, I'm not ashamed. There are just aspects of my life I don't wish emphasized. Where I come from they call that being ashamed.. ...Mr. Big Shot! [instrumental music] Mother, you look very nice in your dress tonight. Did you enjoy the ride in the limousine, pop? Oh, you bet. I went.. Hattie, aren't you going to talk at all? Oh, come on. We're mature adults. And refusing to speak is not gonna solve anything. That's, you know, that's right, Uncle Phil. I'm not talking to you. Philip, Vivian, congratulations. Yes. We're all quite proud of you at the office, old man. Oh, thank you. Thank you. I'd like you to meet my parents, Hattie and Joe Banks. Henry and Margaret Furth. Ma'am, would you like the salmon or chateaubriand? Oh, we don't want to be a bother. We'll just hang on to these empty plates. Thank you kindly. Hattie, are you sure you don't want any other food? Oh, we don't want to impose. We'll just fade into the background. Breast or wing? Oh, I think I'll have a wing, thank you. We got any okra casserole? Comin' up. Aww, granny. You know how much Uncle Phil likes his mama's okra casserole. W-why don't you ask him if he wants some? It ain't going to work, Will. What is this interesting melange? It smells divine. Just plain old okra and tomato, honey. Mm. Delicious. Try that, Henry. Outstanding! Do we have any biscuits? I hope they're still hot. Ca.. Can I say something, please? I just know that at a time like this my Uncle Phil is extremely happy to have his two loving parents here with him. Oh, I can feel the love at this table. Parents? To hear him tell it he just sprung full-grown from the ground and we had nothing to do with it. Uh-mm! Yes, he just sprung up like a big, old eggplant. Excuse me. [instrumental music] Excuse me, sir. - Aren't you Philip Banks? - Yes. Yeah, the hog-slopping lawyer. Saw your picture in the paper this mornin'. Eh, is Melvin gonna be here tonight? Oh, no. Melvin eschews these type of events. I'm the same way. What are you doing in here, Uncle Phil? Is this for your information, or will this be in "USA Today?" Come on, man, I'm sorry if I made you mad. But the reporter was gonna trash the article, homie until I gave her those pig stories. Oh, yes, well, everyone loves those amusing little agricultural anecdotes. I guess it just never occurred to you they'd make me look like a fool. Uncle Phil, your plaid golf shorts make you look like a fool. Those stories make you look great. Man, I mean, you did a lot for black people that I don't even know. Yeah, I raised a pig for the Young Farmers' Association. Puts me right there with Martin Luther King. You were the first Black president. That's something. A-and what about the whites-only restroom? In case my mother didn't make it painfully clear I wasn't trying to prove a point. I only went in there because I really had to go. I see a whole lot of that. I mean, look, Uncle Phil, it's just like Rosa Parks. I mean, when she sat in the front of the bus I mean, she wasn't doin' it to prove a point either. She did it 'cause her feet hurt. I mean, they told her to leave, and she didn't and neither did you. I must be kidding myself. I had it all planned up. There was my family, all lined up to meet the press. There I was with my perfect image. Philip Banks, pulled himself up from the streets with his own bootstraps. The only problem was, I didn't have it that hard. I had two parents who loved me and were always there for me. Worked hard to make sure I'd have everything they never had. Now wait, why are you worried so much about your image? The-the truth sounds real good to me. I don't think my mother will ever forgive me. Oh, man, you must be trippin'. G-granny's great. Just-just explain it to her. Will, there's something you have to learn. Sometimes parents just don't understand. [instrumental music] In addition to the Civil Rights cases he has won as an attorney Philip Banks is a community leader an unsparing philanthropist and a role model to all citizens. Ladies and gentlemen, Philip Banks. [applause] Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo! Hoo.. Thank you. Thank you. I grew up on the streets of Baltimore. But I was born on a farm in Yamacraw, North Carolina. I was one of the lucky ones. I had two wonderful parents who worked hard every day of their lives. They couldn't give me a lot of material things but they gave me morals.. ...courage.. ...and most important of all, love. I just hope I can give the next generation.. ...what my parents gave me. Oh. I hope he mentions his pig. ♪ Wade in the water ♪ ♪ Wade in the water children ♪ ♪ Wade ♪ ♪ In the water ♪ ♪ God is gonna trouble the water.. ♪♪ [theme music] ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 