The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air 
 s1e1 - The Fresh Prince Project - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Fresh Prince Project - full transcript 
 A streetwise teenager is sent by his mother to live with wealthy relatives in an upper-class California neighborhood, where he must adjust to a new lifestyle. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [theme music] ♪ Now this is a story all about ♪ ♪ How my life got flipped turned upside down ♪ ♪ And I'd like to take a minute just sit right there ♪ ♪ I'll tell you how I became the prince ♪ ♪ Of a town called Bel-Air ♪ [music continues] ♪ In West Philadelphia born and raised ♪ ♪ On the playground is where I spent most of my days ♪ ♪ Chillin' out maxin' and relaxin' all cool ♪ ♪ And all shootin' some B-ball outside of the school ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ When a couple of guys who were up to no good ♪ ♪ Started makin' trouble in my neighborhood ♪ ♪ I got in one little fight and my mom got scared ♪ ♪ And said you're moving with your aunty ♪ ♪ And uncle in Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I begged and pleaded with her day after day ♪ ♪ But she packed my suitcase and sent me on my way ♪ ♪ She gave me a kiss and then she gave me my ticket ♪ ♪ I put my walkman on and said I might as well kick it ♪ ♪ First class yo this is bad ♪ ♪ Drinking orange juice out of a champagne glass ♪ ♪ Is this what the people of Bel-Air living like ♪ ♪ Hmmm this might be alright ♪ ♪ I whistled for a cab and when it came near ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ The license plate said fresh and it had dice in the mirror ♪ ♪ If anything I can say that this cab was rare ♪ ♪ But I thought nah forget it ♪ ♪ Yo homes to Bel-Air ♪ [music continues] ♪ I pulled up to a house about seven or eight ♪ ♪ And I yelled to the cabbie ♪ ♪ Yo homes smell ya later ♪ ♪ I looked at my kingdom I was finally there ♪ ♪ To sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel-Air ♪♪ [music continues] [knocking rhythmically] ♪ Back to life ♪ ♪ Back to reality ♪ ♪ Back to the present time ♪♪ [indistinct singing] Hey, Uncle Phil! Oh, man! How are you doing? I am not your Uncle Philip. Oh, uh, my fault, man. I must have got the wrong crib, hey, but.. Hey, yo, I didn't know so many brothers living in this neighborhood. We're doing alright, huh? You have the right house. I am Geoffrey, your uncle's butler. [imitating English accent] Oh, okay, well, I.. Cheerio and all that rot. [indistinct chatter] Bring the horses round, would you? [laughs] If you will follow me I will show you to your room, Master William. Hey, man, it's cool if you just call me Will, man. Master William tradition dictates that a clean, unbreakable line be drawn between a family and their butler. Therefore, it is necessary for the operation of a household that you address me as Geoffrey and I in turn address you by your proper title. Master William. Who are you, Robo-butler, man? Come with me, Master William. Yo, yo, G-G-G, let me rap to you for a second, man. All this Master William stuff, man? I'm not down with that, man, make it sound like we're back on the plantation, we like.. "Massah William! Massah William!" Let's come up with something better you could call me. - What would you prefer? - Check this. His Royal Freshness.. That's dope. Master William, walk this way. No. - Willie! - Hey, Aunt Viv! - Sweetie, hi. - How you doing? [laughs] Oh, my goodness. Let me look at you. Turn around, honey, the last time we saw you you were this funny little boy. Now look at you. Oh, my goodness. You are a man. Well, that was the plan. It is amazing. You certainly have grown, Will. Well, we all have. Did you enjoy the trip? Oh, yo, the plane ride was stupid all over. Excuse me? No, I'm sayin', the plane was dope-- Excuse me? No, stupid, dope.. Oh, no, that-that doesn't mean what you.. Um, how would he say.. The flight was really neat, yeah. Geoffrey, would you take Will to his room, please and help him get settled in? - Yes, madam. - Nice seeing you. Master William. You got to love this guy, right? Did you see the way he was dressed? - What's wrong with it? - You hear that language? 'Oh. We used slang when we were kids.' Do you remember our first date? You took one look at me and you said "Vivian, that is a bad dress." Now, you could have just said it was a good dress. I could have if I liked it. Actually, it was a bad dress. That's stupid. Now, take it for whatever meaning you want. - He's got you doing it. - Oh, Philip. Cut him some slack, please. He's my nephew. And I would just appreciate it if you would try to understand him. Hi, mom. Hi, dad. - Hi, sweetie pie. Hi. - Hi, Ashley. Yo, this place is huge, man. Next time, I go to my room, I'mma take some bread crumbs. [chuckles] Will, this is Ashley. Hey, hi, my little Scottish cousin. Pleased to make your acquaintance. I'm your humble servant. - He's cute. - I know he is. Well, I'm going to take a swim before dinner. Good luck, mom. The pool heater's broken. Don't you just hate it when that happens? Oh, yes. That is my pet peeve. - You got your own pool in here? - Uh-hmm. And a tennis court too. Yo, this is better than "Love Boat." This boy going to be maxing and relaxing. No, no, no. Hold on. Just a minute, son. No, no, no. We promised your mother that you're here to work hard straighten out, and learn some good old-fashioned American values. Dad, I need $300. Hilary, your cousin Will is here. Hi. Dad, I need $300. That's a lot of money, Hilary. What for? [exhales] I need a new hat. - For what? - Probably her head. Okay, like, I'm going on the Save The Ozone Celebrity Bus next Saturday, it's gonna be Bruce Willis and Demi Rob Lowe, Emilio Estevez or Charlie Sheen. I can't remember which. We're gonna take the bus all over town to protest air pollution and then we're gonna motor to the beach and have a big bonfire. What? I'm not an expert or anything, but don't you think driving a big ol' bus around town, and then having a bonfire sorta adding to the problem of pollution? What do you think, huh? Look, if this weren't a good idea I really, really don't think Ally Sheedy would be involved. ♪ Back to life ♪ ♪ Back to reality ♪ ♪ Back to life ♪ ♪ Back to reality ♪ ♪ Back to the here and now and then ♪ ♪ Show me how ♪ ♪ Decide what you want in me ♪ ♪ Tell me maybe I-- ♪ Hey, look who's here, Benson. This is for you. Oh, but I didn't get you anything. Your uncle has invited several of the partners from his law firm to dinner. At the time of the invitation he did not realize you'd be descending upon him today. And regrettably, it was too late to cancel. Yo, are we having a party? Oh, so we're going to get stupid, right? For some of us, that will require very little effort indeed. [gasps] Miss Ashley. That will be all, Geoffrey. [both chuckle] That's all you got to say to get rid of him? I've been racking my brain. Uh, this is for you. Oh, thank you, Ashley. Oh, this is nice. You're very talented. Well, I'm glad I'm good at something. Huh? I tried out for school chorus today but I didn't get in. How come? Well, when I auditioned for Mrs. Burkley I couldn't remember all the words to the song. The part I remembered was fantastic. I'm sure it was. I bet you're def. That's what she said. No, not-not deaf deaf. D-E-F. It's, that's just slang. Means terrific, good, you know. Oh, well, thank you. You should try being a rapper. When you're rapping you mess up the words and make up some new ones right there on the spot. So let's-let's try this, I'll sing one line and you make up a line to rhyme it. - Okay. - Alright. Let's see. Alright. ♪ You didn't get into Miss Burkley's chorus.. ♪♪ I'm thinking, alright? Alright. We got all day. - Okay, I got it. - Alright, here we go. ♪ You didn't get in to Miss Burkley's chorus ♪ ♪ I'd like to hit her in the head ♪ ♪ With Roget's thesaurus ♪ ♪ Don't need no choir when you're a rapper ♪ ♪ Gonna hunt Miss Burkley down and zap her ♪ ♪ Got this whole town of Bel-Air buzzin' ♪ ♪ Get a load of me and my rappin' cousin ♪♪ Yeah, yeah. Ashley, honey, why don't you go downstairs and get ready for dinner. - Okay, daddy. Bye, Will. - Check you later, Ash. Look who's here, Will. Hey! Who is he? It's your cousin Carlton. Don't you remember? When you two were little, people used to think you were twins. You looked exactly alike. Oh. Well, I guess some things never change, huh? - How's it going there, Will? - Yeah, it's going alright, man. Ahh. Malcolm X. Yeah, he's sort of my hero. Well, he was a great man. I don't know if I'd call him my hero exactly. Oh, really? Who are your heroes? Well, my dad. And Bryant Gumbel. He's darn good. Oh, my, yes! I see they brought your tuxedo. Tell me something, Will. Have you ever attended a formal dinner before? Well, you know, other than that thing at Buckingham Palace, no. Hmm. Yeah, okay. The important thing to remember is to just relax enjoy yourself, and when in doubt do whatever Carlton's doing. You got it, man. Okay, then I'll see you at dinner. That's a really neat tux, isn't it, Will? Oh, yes. It's definitely the cat's meow. Wait till we come downstairs in those tuxes. People may not think we're twins but I bet they'll think we're brothers. You know, I don't think you have to worry about anybody mistaking you for a brother. Touche. This is going to be great. Your first formal dinner. And tomorrow, I'll introduce you to the gang. Maybe we'll play a set of tennis or two. Oh, yes. This is going to be wild. Aah! [instrumental music] - Where is he? - He's upstairs changing. Not Will. President Reagan. - You didn't? - What do you mean I didn't? - You invited him again. - Why not? He's our neighbor. Philip, he's turned down the last 16 invitations. When are you gonna take a hint? Maybe I should call his house. Philip, don't, I don't want him here. - Why not? - Because he'll bring her. Anyway, Bruce and Demi and I all feel that the ozone layer must be protected. I mean, every square foot of rain forest that's cut down brings us just one step closer to global warming. We have to learn to protect the earth not just for ourselves and not just for our children but for the future of all mankind. Oh, I had no idea it was such a serious problem. I-I really commend you for getting involved in such a good cause. Thanks. It's my passion. Where can I send a donation? [scoffs] I don't know. [instrumental music] Oh, my God! Philip, Philip, don't make a big thing out of it. If this is how he feels comfortable. It's not killing anybody. Philip, aren't you going to introduce Will? Introduce him. Well, Steve, David, Henry this is Will, my nephew by marriage. Will, these are my partners in the law firm of Furth, Wynn, and Meyer. Hey, Earth, Wind, and Fire! When's your next album coming out? Uh, Will is going to go to Bel-Air academy with Carlton. Oh! Good for you, Will. I used to fence at Bel-Air. Really? How much you think we can get for that stereo? Oh, these, these hors d'oeuvres look tempting. Hey, don't mind if I do. How could you do that? It's all in the tongue. Show you later. [indistinct chatter] [glass clinks] [imitating drum machine] Will! There are other people at this table. Oh. You're right. Any requests? Sweetie, would you say grace, please? Yes, mommy. Ahem! ♪ Hey there Lord my name is Ashley Banks ♪ ♪ My family and friends want to give you some thanks ♪ ♪ So before this dinner's all swallowed and chewed ♪ ♪ Thank you God for this stupid food ♪♪ [instrumental "Nobody Knows The Troubles I've Seen] Hey, Geoffrey, home butler! I'm glad to see you, man. It is a special thrill for me as well. Yo, check this out, I'm gon' be down here for a little while. Why don't you hop on in the kitchen and get me some cocoa? Master William, while it is my natural inclination to accede to your every demand I officially go off duty at 9:00 p.m. And if you care to look at your watch you will note the long hand is on 12 and the short hand is on nine. It is 9 o'clock, Master William. And do you know what that means? "Masterpiece Theatre" is on. Sir, do you require anything further of me? - No, Geoffrey. - Then I shall retire. Man, he took that hard. - I want to talk to you. - About what? You know, from the minute you walked in that door you've been a one-man wrecking crew trying to tear down what's taken a lot of hard work to build up skewering everything with your flippant shenanigans! Hey, man, I-I was with you up till skewering. You know what I'm talking about. You deliberately tried to embarrass me tonight and I don't get it, your aunt and I went through a lot of trouble to bring you out here. And this is the thanks we get? Man, I ain't asked to come here. Everybody's talking about shipping me off and dressing me up, and changing me into something that I don't want to be. Nobody wants to change you. You told me yourself I got to straighten out and "When in doubt, act as Carlton acts." Man, I don't wanna be like Carlton. I-I mean, I'm a joker. I play around. I have fun. Umm-hmm, being a joker is what's gotten you into trouble. You may think it's cool to be on the streets when you're 17 but when you're my age, it's a waste. Yo, I can't think that far ahead. That's your problem. You can't take anything seriously. Look, man, I don't have the problem, alright you have the problem. Alright, I remind you of where you came from and what you used to be, now I don't know somewhere between Princeton or the office, you got soft. You forgot who you are and where you came from. You think you're so wise. Look at me when I'm talking to you. Let me tell you something, son. I grew up on the streets just like you. I encountered bigotry you could not imagine. Now, you have a nice poster of Malcolm X on your wall. I heard the brother speak. I read every word he wrote. Believe me. I know where I come from. You actually heard Malcolm speak, man? That's right, so before you criticize somebody you find out what he's all about. I'll take care of you in the morning. I'm going to bed. Oh, hold up, I can't tell my side of the story? No, you can't tell your side of the story. I know what you're all about. Believe me, the very thought of it makes me very, very tired. Goodnight. [instrumental Chopin's Barcarolle] [knock on door] (Will) 'Ash?' Ash. [gasps] Will! [chuckles] Ladies and gentlemen, my fly girl, Ashley Banks. Would you teach me how to dance? Well, yeah. Not in here. Even I'll lose my rhythm in this room. Okay. Hey, so, um, could you do me a favor? Sure. I seem to be missing a walkman, you know so if it like shows up anywhere like, I don't know, on your head maybe just, you know maybe you could get that to me. Sorry. Dad won't let me get one. How come? He says he wants to hear everything I'm listening to, you know, to make sure it's not bad. Well, what record does he think's good? He really, really likes "The Care Bears." Oh. Look, Ash, from time to time your father's going to say or do things that may seem irrational or hard for you to understand. You know, it's not because he's mean or a bad guy or it's not that he doesn't care about you. It's that he's from Mars, Ashley. [both chuckle] - I got to get washed up. - Me, too. I'm really glad you're living here, Will. Oh, thanks, Ash. You're like the big brother I never had. Oh, what, what are you talking about? You got Carl.. You're right. I see your point. How many bathrooms you got in this place? Four and a half. A half bath? Now, how does that work? It doesn't have everything a full bathroom has. Oh, well, I think you better show me a full bathroom. I don't want to take no chances. [chuckles] ♪ Some people seem to think they've heard enough ♪ ♪ Of silly love songs ♪ ♪ I look around me and I see it isn't so ♪ ♪ Oh no ♪♪ Next bathroom. (Hilary) 'Can't a person gargle in peace?' Uh, Hilary, are you gonna be in there for long or is this just like a pit stop? (Hilary) 'Stop hounding me.' 'I'm trying to take off my makeup.' 'Now go away.' Okay, goodnight, Hilary. Shh! [stomping feet] I knew it! [theme music] ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 