The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air 
 s1e8 - Someday Your Prince Will Be in Effect - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 8 - Someday Your Prince Will Be in Effect - full transcript 
 The family heads to the mall to pick up costumes for Hilary's Halloween Party, while Will and Carlton place a bet to see who can find a date for the party. Philip gets held up at a gadget store. Vivian sing in a Record-A-Song booth. Hilary forgets to take a hat off Ashley and walks out of the store with it, they get accused of theft. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mm! Mm, mm. Have mercy. Ooh! Mm, mm, mm! Mm-mm.. W-what's that, Jody? Yeah, you can pick me up at 8:00, baby. Oh, yes, Lord. Your red tube top. Asking out magazines, Will? I don't know. Even paper products have some standards. What's that, Jody? Oh. Oh, no. That's as tall as he'll ever be. Hilary, you know I don't like wearing costumes. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But, dad, I'm coming to Hilary's party as a ballerina. Well, that's the one thing I wanted to come as. And it's taken? Tsk! So sorry. Please, daddy, I want my Halloween party to turn out really good. Couldn't you wear like a very tailored clown suit or something? Come on, Uncle Phil, man, you just throw a hairpiece on and come as Mr. T. Yeah, dad. We're all wearing costumes. I have some bad news for both of you. - You're not invited. - Why not? Every time I have a party, you spend all night 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 trying to hit on my girlfriends. Wait a minute, Hilary. Everyone in the family is invited. Besides, I'm sure Carlton and Will have dates. - Oh, yeah, yeah, of course. - Oh, yeah, yeah. - They're just Oodles. - Oodles. Huh! Well, I guess all things are possible. We better get going. I need to get my costume and the mall closes in eight hours. Well, we all need costumes. Let's go. - Won't this be fun? - No. Come on, Philip. Get in the Halloween spirit. Boo. So, what's that, Carlton? Uh.. You do not have a date for tonight. Like you do? Who are you taking? Uh, page 42? Carlton, all I have to do is walk in a mall and I get any girl I want. It's the law of nature. It's called the survival of the handsomest. Will, I don't even have to step into the mall. Girls surround me in the parking lot and rip the doors off my car. Would you like to put your money where your mouth is? Ah, a betting man. I bet you that I get a date.. ...and you don't. This is a sucker bet, Will. Within an hour, I'll have a gorgeous date and a great Halloween costume. You better buy the mask first. [theme song] ♪ Now this is a story all about how my life ♪ ♪ Got flipped turned upside down and I'd like to ♪ ♪ Take a minute just sit right there I'll tell you ♪ ♪ How I became the prince of a town called Bel-Air ♪ ♪ In West Philadelphia born and raised ♪ ♪ On the playground is where I spent most of my days ♪ ♪ Chillin' out maxin' relaxin' all cool ♪ ♪ And all shootin' some b-ball outside of the school ♪ ♪ When a couple of guys who were up to no good ♪ ♪ Started makin' trouble in my neighborhood ♪ ♪ I got in one little fight and my mom got scared and said ♪ ♪ You're movin' with your auntie and uncle in Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I begged and pleaded with her day after day ♪ ♪ But she packed my suit case and sent me on my way ♪ ♪ She gave me a kiss and then she gave me my ticket ♪ ♪ I put my Walkman on and said I might as well kick it ♪ ♪ First class yo this is bad ♪ ♪ Drinking orange juice out of a champagne glass ♪ ♪ Is this what the people of Bel-Air living like? ♪ ♪ Hmm this might be alright ♪ ♪ I whistled for a cab and when it came near ♪ ♪ The license plate said Fresh and it had dice in the mirror ♪ ♪ If anything I could say that this cab was rare ♪ ♪ But I thought nah forget it yo holmes to Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I pulled up to a house about seven or eight ♪ ♪ And I yelled to the cabbie yo holmes smell ya later ♪ ♪ Looked at my kingdom I was finally there ♪ ♪ To sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel-Air ♪♪ [instrumental music] Yo, yo, yo, baby. Ooh! How about some fries to go with that shake? Sorry, I'm in no fat head diet. Xcuse me, gurl, would you like to do the limbo under a coconut tree? Will, do you mind railing in your tongue for one moment? Now, before we all go our separate ways I think it's right for me to determine where and when we all are gonna meet. Now I think 5 o'clock should be ample time for all of us to shop for costumes. We'll meet back at the car at 5 o'clock sharp. - Mwah! Bye.. - Now get going. Good luck. - Bye-bye. - Alright. And, Hilary, keep an eye on your little sister. Don't worry, mom, I see shopping at the mall as an educational experience for Ashley. When I see more and more young people shopping by catalog.. Well, don't get me started. Alright, Philip, I'll see you at the car at 5 o'clock with the costume? Oh, geez, Vivian, can't I wear a black robe and go as a good marshal? Come on, Philip, be creative. Surprise me? Okay. How about Sandra Day O'Connor? [chuckles] [instrumental music] Alright, Will. Let the great pick-up contest begin. Carlton, this is gonna be about as much of a contest as Mike Tyson versus Fred Savage. Welcome to Croissants Aplenty. I'm Cindy, your waitress. Yo, what's up, Cindy? Uh, I'm Will. And this is Carlton, my geek. Cindy, we need a woman's point of view. Which one of us do you find more attractive? May I take your order? I'll have the goat cheese and the prosciutto croissant. Y'all got any ribs? Okay, back to the bet. A date is defined as a female who arrives at the party by midnight tonight. Uh, and let me clarify something for you, Carlton she has to be a human being. I saw you looking in the pet store. Hilary! Stop by later. We have just got a stretch velvet suit that has your name written all over it. Be sure to hold it for me, Ramon. Love you. Hilary, I really don't think this store's gonna have my ballerina costume. Ashley, sweetie, you don't wanna come to my Halloween party as a boring ballerina. But, Hilary, I wanna come in something pretty. There. You're Charlie Chaplin. - Who is Charlie Chaplin? - He was a silent movie star. So take a hint. Let's get my outfits. "Outfits?" How many costumes do you need? At least five. I'm going as a runway model. [instrumental music] Anything I can help you with today, sir? No, no, I'm just browsing. Well, actually, I'm supposed to be shopping for a Halloween costume. Oh, what's this? Oh, it's one of those things for finding your lost keys, huh? Yes, but this one is totally new. Are you constantly misplacing your keys? Just touch the button on the hands in locator unit and the keyring emits a gentle and insisting beep tone to alert you to the whereabouts. Oh, that's nice, but what's new about that? Well, suppose you misplace your primary locator unit. Just use the equally handsome secondary unit and listen for the primary unit's own distinctive warbling. [beeping] That's a great idea. Well, what's this? It's a Dynatronics audio habitat enhancer. Oh, I could use one of those. What does it do? It produces a pleasant, relaxing ocean sound drowning out any unpleasant noise pollution. Do you have that problem in your house? Oh, boy, do I! My wife's nephew. The first week he moved in with us there was nonstop drumming in the house. [drum music] What the devil was that? I believe the technical term is a rime shot. Who did it? Utter speculation, of course but my guess is Master William. Will.. [drum music] [indistinct singing] Will! Will! Will! Vivian. What? Ashley, honey.. ...where is your violin? - Big Sal has it. - Big Sal? He owns this really great store where you don't need any money. You just go in and give him something you don't even want anymore and he gives you this ticket. - And then-- - A pawnshop? You took her to a pawnshop? Yeah, it was really hard, too, man. Y-you don't have too many pawnshops in Bel-Air. You know, that's really a shame. You know, I had to go all the way to East LA. East LA? They gave me a great deal. They gave you a set of drums. And...I made them throw in a little gift for each of you. - Close your eyes. - Vivian! I want my present. - Okay, open. - Huh.. Oh, Will, what a lovely antique necklace. What is this? Daddy, it's a diamond. No, it isn't. - You don't like it? - No, I do not. Can I have it? How dare you pawn her violin! She don't even like playing it no more. She will learn to like it later. A young woman who can play a violin is an accomplished young lady. Yo, a girlie that can play the drums can write her own ticket. Will, I want the best for Ashley. When I was a kid, I loved classical music but my parents couldn't afford lessons. I used to stand out in the parking lot of the Philharmonic hoping to catch a spare note on the night air. Philip, when I met you, you were into James Brown. He liked James Brown? He even wore his hair like him. [laughing] He had hair? You know, it is possible to like both classical music and James Brown. And I could not agree more. So let's let Ashley play whatever she wants. She spent an entire year on the violin. So if she wants to try something new, let her. You tell him, Aunt Viv. And as for you, young man.. Love you. The next time you decide to visit a pawnshop, don't. - Now, are we clear on that? - Yes. [Geoffrey clears throat] Master William, there is a young gentleman downstairs with a rather large radio who is here to see you. He claims his name is Jazz. Yo, word up. Send him up. Now, now, who is this Jazz fellow? Yo, I heard the boy at a club. He is all of that. I hope he's gonna be Ashley's new music teacher. Mr. Jazz. It's nice to meet you, Jazz. How do you do? I'm Mr. Banks. You got that right. Man, you're loaded! Yo, what's up, J? Come on, Philip, let's just leave them alone. I asked her to take him, take her to her lesson-- I know, baby. I know. You can tell mama all about it. Ash, how about let Jazz get busy one time? [drumming] [indistinct singing] [instrumental music] Excuse me, I'm looking for that store with the safari clothes. I can't remember the name, but I think there's some produce in it. - Banana Republic. - That's it. Thank you. You know, you have a beautiful speaking voice. You're probably a dynamite singer. Well, I'm okay. You want to record your own song? Hm? $8.95. I really have to shop for a Halloween costume. Well, that's too bad, because you're the first person I've met who I think could make a professional, quality recording. ♪ What do you get when you fall in love? ♪ ♪ You only get lies and pain and sorrow ♪ ♪ So far at least until tomorrow ♪ ♪ I'll never fall in love again.. ♪♪ - Hi, may I help you? - I think so. You look like a woman with good taste. Tonight is my sister's Halloween party and I was wondering if you can honor me by.. ...showing me that pen. Oh, certainly. This pen was manufactured in France. It has a 14-karat gold nib and it's hand-lacquered. The price is-- Do I look like the kind of man who would quibble about a few dollars? Well, that's very nice because most of my customers would be shocked at a pen that costs $300. [gasps] [hip-hop music] Aren't these dancers great? Oh, you like dancers? I think dancers are the sexiest guys in the whole world. Word? Hey, yo baby, peep this. [hip-hop music] The easy-to-read digital display keeps constant track of your vital pencil supply. As you remove the pencils from the sturdy ABS plastic container, the powerful micro-computer brain continuously updates the LED read-out and when the number reaches your preset re-supply level the pencil monitor alerts you to the shortage and reminds you to take action. [automated message] 'Only three pencils remain.' 'Proceed to stationery store immediately.' Oh, I'll take it. Yeah.. Oh, but I better get moving. I'm sure my wife has picked out her costume by now. [instrumental music] ♪ You're a no good heart breaker ♪ ♪ You're a liar and you're a cheat ♪ ♪ And I don't know why ♪ ♪ I let you do these things to me ♪ ♪ My friends keep telling me ♪ ♪ That you ain't no good ♪ ♪ But oh they don't know ♪ ♪ That I'd leave you if I could ♪ ♪ I guess I'm uptight ♪ ♪ And I'm stuck like glue ♪ ♪ 'Cause I ain't never ♪ ♪ I ain't never ♪ ♪ I ain't never no no ♪ ♪ Loved a man the way that I ♪ ♪ I love you ♪ ♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh yeah ♪♪ [applauding] Hi, Shauna. I'd like to try these on. Hilary, hi. I didn't even see you come in. I was just getting my overview of your new stock. - It is all wonderful. - Oh.. Wait till you see what I've held for you. [gasps] Thank you! It is so important to have friends in retail. I've tried to explain that to my little sister. Hilary, I'd love to meet her. When are you gonna bring her in? Oh, she's right here. [sighs] - Ashley, say hi to Shauna. - Hello. Anyway, I need some outfits for my Halloween party tonight. Oh, that should be fun. As long as my cousin Will doesn't ruin it. You should have seen what he did at our last party. [upbeat music] Oh, my God! Philip, Philip, don't make a big thing out of it. If this is how he feels comfortable he's not killing anybody. Philip, aren't you going to introduce Will? Introduce him. [clears throat] Well, Steve, David, Henry.. ...this is Will, my nephew by marriage. Will, these are my partners in the law firm of Furth, Winn & Meyer. Hey, Earth, Wind and Fire. When's your next album coming out? Uh, Will is going to go to Bel-Air Academy with Carlton. Oh! Good for you, Will. I used to fence at Bel-Air. Really? How much do you think we could get for that stereo? [clink] [clinking] [beat boxing] Will, there are other people at this table. Oh, you're right. Any requests? Sweetie, would you say grace, please? Yes, mommy. [clears throat] ♪ Hey there Lord my name is Ashley Banks ♪ ♪ My family and friends want to give you some thanks ♪ ♪ So before this dinner's all swallowed and chewed ♪ ♪ Thank you God for this stupid food ♪♪ [machine beeping] Excuse me. Let me see that hat. Okay, but I don't think it works with that outfit. - Did you pay for this? - No, I guess I forgot to. Uh-huh. But you just had to have to it? [scoffs] Me? You've got to be kidding. Derbies went out six months ago. Let's take a little walk to the security office. You can give me your fashion dos and don'ts there. I knew I should have gone as a ballerina. ♪ Big wheel keep on turning ♪ ♪ Proud Mary keep on burning ♪ ♪ And we're rollin' rollin' ♪ ♪ Rollin' on the river ♪ ♪ Oh rollin' rollin' ♪ ♪ Rollin' on the river ♪ ♪ Do do do do do do do do ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ Oh ♪♪ [indistinct chatter] Okay, uh, people, let's go. Let's move along. There's nothing to see here. No show. Let's go come on. Move along. Move along, people please. ♪ Listen homeboys don't mean to bust your bubble ♪ ♪ But girls of the world ain't nothing but trouble ♪ ♪ So next time a girl gives you the play ♪ ♪ Just remember my rhymes and get the hell away ♪ ♪ Just last week when I was walking down the street ♪ ♪ I observed this lovely lady that I wanted to meet ♪ ♪ I walked up to her I said hello ♪ ♪ She said hey you're kind of cute I said yes I know but ♪ ♪ By the way sweetheart what's your name? ♪ ♪ She said my friends like to call me exotic Elaine ♪ ♪ I said my name is the Prince and she said why? ♪ ♪ I said well I don't know I'm just a hell of a guy ♪ ♪ But enough about me let's talk about you ♪ ♪ And all the wonderful things that you and I can do ♪ ♪ I popped some trash and in a little bit of time ♪ ♪ I showed some cash and the girl was mine ♪ ♪ Well then that's when she said that ♪ ♪ She wanted me to be her one and only ♪ ♪ She said lay down baby doll I'm getting lonely ♪ ♪ All of a sudden out of the blue ♪ ♪ A door slammed and a voice said baby where are you? ♪ ♪ Distinctively I panicked my heart full of fears ♪ ♪ She said that's my boyfriend babe you better get outta here ♪ ♪ Her boyfriend busted in he grinned an evil grin ♪ ♪ He said boy I'mma tear your butt limb from limb ♪ ♪ I was scared as hell where was I supposed to go? ♪ ♪ I just yelled Geronimo and jumped out the window ♪ ♪ Just my luck we were in a snow storm ♪ ♪ I didn't even I had my underwear on to keep my warm ♪ ♪ And to top the night off I had to break in my place ♪ ♪ Because my keys were in my pants back ♪ ♪ On Sheila's book case ♪ ♪ I was done sneezing and coughing ♪ ♪ I hope this doesn't happen too often ♪ ♪ But nevertheless don't mean to burst your bubble ♪ ♪ But girls of the world ain't nothing but trouble ♪ So next time a girl gives you the play ♪ ♪ Just remember my rhyme just remember my rhyme ♪ ♪ Take heed to my rhyme and get the hell away ♪ ♪ Hey man girls ain't nothing but trouble man ♪ ♪ Yeah I hear that I dig it ♪ ♪ Yeah well can't live with 'em ♪ ♪ Can't live without 'em ♪ ♪ Better take care of that eye ♪ ♪ Yeah man ♪ ♪ Alright y'all stay cool man ♪ ♪ Alright chill Prince ♪♪ [upbeat music] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 