The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air 
 s1e3 - Clubba Hubba - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 3 - Clubba Hubba - full transcript 
 Will tries to impress a girl's father so he can date her. Mr. Banks, Carlton, and Geoffrey try to teach him how to be a gentleman in a My Fair Lady way. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [instrumental music] What dog did he steal that sweater from? Probably his wife. Good God! Who shot the couch? Give her a break, Hilary. She just won the Kentucky Derby. [scoffs] Whoa! Who's that lady with Nell Carter? That's not Nell Carter. That's my father! God, you're so shallow. I hate you. You're stupid and ugly and I wish you would die. - Sorry. - Okay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Whoa! Look at her! Brake! Brake! Brake! Hit the brake, Will! What, what in the hell are you doing? I'm sorry, man, it ain't my fault. I-I panicked. That squirrel came out of nowhere. Philip, I'll call the manager and have him remove the cart. Oh, let's just draw more attention to ourselves. - Get in the cart, Vivian. - No! I'm sorry, Mr. Banks but, uh, no golf carts in the dining room. Well, Will, you certainly made a name at this country club. I wouldn't be surprised if they revoked our shuffleboard privileges. That's fine with me, man. This place is wack. I'm out of here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (Will) 'Ooh, hold up.' Ooh, special bulletin. Hormones to Will. Hormones to Will. Hold up yourself, Will. That's Mimi Mumford. You can't get to first base with her unless you can impress her father. 'He's an eminent surgeon, a championship polo player' and around these parts, he's known as Dr. No. - Why they call him that? - Because he never says "Yes." No young man is good enough for his daughter. Well, he ain't gonna have a chance to tell me no 'cause I ain't gonna ask. Mimi, if you're not busy on Friday night would you like to accompany me to the Apple Blossom ball? No! - What's your name, boy? - Uh, uh, uh.. What school do you go to? What college are you applying to? And what's your career plans? I-I-I'm just a sophomore, sir. I don't really know yet. Out of here, son. You disgust me. [theme song] ♪ Now this is a story all about how my life ♪ ♪ Got flipped turned upside down and I'd like to ♪ ♪ Take a minute just sit right there I'll tell you ♪ ♪ How I became the prince of a town called Bel-Air ♪ ♪ In West Philadelphia born and raised ♪ ♪ On the playground is where I spent most of my days ♪ ♪ Chillin' out maxin' relaxin' all cool ♪ ♪ And all shootin' some b-ball outside of the school ♪ ♪ When a couple of guys who were up to no good ♪ ♪ Started makin' trouble in my neighborhood ♪ ♪ I got in one little fight and my mom got scared ♪ ♪ And said you're movin' with your auntie ♪ ♪ And uncle in Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I whistled for a cab and when it came near ♪ ♪ The license plate said Fresh and it had dice in the mirror ♪ ♪ If anything I could say that this cab was rare ♪ ♪ But I thought nah forget it yo holmes to Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I pulled up to a house about seven or eight ♪ ♪ And I yelled to the cabbie yo holmes smell ya later ♪ ♪ Looked at my kingdom I was finally there ♪ ♪ To sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel-Air ♪♪ So, what kind of guy does Dr. No say yes to? Fellas with good grades, good manners, good looks. In a word, me. So why haven't you made your move on Miss Mimi? Not my type. Doesn't tickle my fancy. Yeah, well, she can tickle mine. If only wishing made it so. Let's face it, Will, you lack the social graces to impress someone like Dr. No. Boy, you must be on dog food. I am the most handsome, the most intelligent and unequivocally the most flamboyant bachelor since Billy Dee. This isn't West Philly, Will. It's Bel-Air. And the women here are different. I guarantee you, Dr. No will say no. - Oh, yeah, I bet he won't. - I bet he will. - I bet he won't. - I'll bet he will. Who says the art of conversation is dead? Alright, Will. You think you can be a gentleman? How do you propose on going about it? Carlton, it's very easy to be a geek. All I have to do is follow you around for a day. It isn't as easy as it looks. [instrumental music] And with your father's permission I'd love to escort you to the Apple Blossom ball. I had no idea you two were getting along so well. - Hey, hey, hey, hey. - What's going on here, Carlton? Will's got a thing for Mimi Mumford so I'm teaching him how to be a perfect gentleman. Oh! I want a piece of this. [instrumental music] Observe, Will, this is how a perfect gentleman talks to a young lady. "Say there, Mimi, might I say that you rate a perfect ten on my niftiness meter?" Uh, I don't think so. So, Uncle Phil, uh, how did you used to crack on the girlies? [laughing] What I'm about to tell you is going to change your life forever. - Are you listening? - Yeah. First, I take her hand then I stroke it gently but imperceptibly look deep into her eyes, blow gently in her ear let my mouth curl up into a smile make a low, rumbling, hypnotic sound. Hmm. Ooh! Philip, that's what you did on our first date. That's right. You're lucky you got a second one. Allow me, sir. Certainly, Geoffrey, if you think you can do any better. [Geoffrey clears throat] Mademoiselle.. ...my life was but a mere whisper until you entered into it. Whether it was chance or blind fate or kismet, if you will, that brought us together.. ...I would be remiss to let this moment pass without telling you how deeply you have affected the very core of my being. Ooh, baby! [instrumental music] - The fish knife. - Yeah, right. No, it is right. He got it right. He got it right! He got it right! - He did? - He got it right! Get your own geisha. Excuse me, Master Carlton. You were saying? Will, he picked out the fish knife. Will, I want you to pay very close attention. Which one is the shrimp fork? By George, I think he's got it. [indistinct chatter] Oh, where did he get that jacket? Probably off the rack. Say, did you hear about his Jaguar? The one he bought second hand? [scoffs] Okay, now, just remember you're from Connecticut and you're transferred to Bel-Air Academy and you row on the crew team. Now, where did you transfer from? - Bendover. - It's Andover. We're going back home. I was joking, man. Relax. Hook-hook it up. I beg your pardon, Dr. Mumford. I have a friend who's new in town. He's the new star on the crew team. - Would you like to meet him? - No! I respect your wishes, sir. But I'd just like to say kudos on that polo match. [chuckles] Super form. Ah, you saw it, huh? Excuse me. Uh, I didn't get your name. Smithers, sir. Heh-heh! Kip Smithers. Well, have a seat, Smithers. - May I join you, sir? - No. So, Smithers, what school do you go to? What college have you applied to? And what's your career plans? Bel-Air Academy, Princeton and thoracic surgery, sir. Hmm. Thoracic surgery. That's my field. What aspect of it interests you the most? Um, the cutting part. Ah, that's the part I like, too. Listen, I'm glad you're a fan of polo. You know, I have a very fine string of Arabians. Oh, really? With turbans and everything? [chuckles] Very, very funny, Smithers. Very funny. You had me there for a moment. I thought you were a blithering idiot. [laughing] [laughing] Uh, there's my daughter. Would you like to meet her? Oh, gosh, sir. There's a big question mark on that one. I seem to be painfully shy with the fairer sex. Oh, nonsense, nonsense. - Oh, hi, daddy. - Poodles. There is someone I'd like you to meet. Mimi, Kip Smithers. Varsity crew from Bel-Air. A gentleman and a scholar and soon to be a fine surgeon. You flatter me, sir. I'll just leave the two of you alone. - Phew! Mimi. - Look! Before you get yourself all worked up into a lather I just would like to say this. I am sick of you white-washed, preppy stuffed shirts. Uh, what? Look, I don't need some stooge who's gonna play up to my father. I want a real man. Someone dangerous. Someone exciting. Someone from the streets. [laughs] - Oh! What's so funny? - Yo, baby, yo, baby, yo, baby. Yo! Your prince is in effect, baby. I'm not down with this preppy nonsense. Carlton told me to do this. Yo, baby, I'm definitely straight out the hood. That was the worst homeboy act I've ever heard. Well, it's not an act. It's the real deal, baby. - Yo, C! Come here! - Mimi. Kip. Carlton, would you please tell her who I really am? - Who you really are? - Yes. He is Kip Smithers, from Connecticut. He transferred from Andover to Bel-Air so he could row with the crew. No, no, no. Tell her where I'm really from. England. [cutlery clattering] [instrumental music] (Carlton) For future reference, Will our club frowns on strangulation. This is all your fault, man. You got me into this mess. - Me? - Y-yeah! T-this preppy nonsense. I knew women didn't like that mess. If I would've had my way, I would've had my way. Congratulate me. It took all day but I finally found the perfect pair of alligator pumps to wear to the Save the Everglades rally tonight. Will has a crush on Mimi Mumford. That fat girl? Mimi is not fat. [scoffs] Not today. Liposuction. She's been vacuumed more times than a hooked rug. Well, she looks good now, right? I don't see your point. Just wave a chili-cheese dog in front of her nose and see how much of your arm you come back with. [chuckles] Will! So, how did it go with Mimi Mumford? He struck out. Okay, Will, you've taken advice from Carlton from Philip, and Geoffrey but you have not gone to the most logical source the woman of the house. Now, before I was married, I had my share of admirers. A sorrier bunch of deadbeats you'll never meet. The ones that I was most attracted to were the ones who were secure enough to just be themselves. And that's my advice to you. Just be yourself. Thanks, Aunt Viv. Come, sweetie. So, Will, are you going to take mom's advice? Man, you got to be crazy. Mimi wants a street-wise, Harley ba-ba-bad-to-the-bones type guy, man. If I could show her that I'm dangerous I'll have her like that. - I'll bet you wouldn't. - I'll bet I would. - I'll bet you wouldn't. - I'll bet you wouldn't. - I'll bet you would. - See, I fooled you. [instrumental music] Alright, now remember, I'm wanted in five states. I'm hidin' out from the police for robbin' a gun store. And what did I do before then? You went to Penn State. I went to the state pen. Sorry. I thought Penn State was bad enough. Mimi, top of the evening. Carlton, for the 900th time, no, I will not go out with you. I thought you said she wasn't your type. She isn't. She's too negative. I'm not here for that. Although if you just gave it some objective thought.. [Will clears throat] Anyway, I'm here for him. Does he need to go to the bathroom? No, he's just being his bad self. What you saw before was just a charade. Kip is his street name. K-I-P. It stands for "Conceived In Prison." He's my cousin and he's from the Bedford-Stuyvesant region of Brooklyn wherein he is a felon. Okay. Then what is he doing here in Bel-Air? He's living with us to escape, and I quote, "The man." Voila. I thought you said he rowed crew? Huh, no, no, baby. You misunderstood. He said I wrote for the 2 Live Crew. But, see, they kicked me out because my lyrics was too abrasive. He's as nasty as he wants to be. I kid you not. Hey, baby, you look so good I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of y'all. Yo, baby, Fresh Prince in full effect. It's time to get busy. [instrumental music] [chuckles] You can't, hey? Can you, baby? You work on that, alright, baby? - Salutations, doctor. - Oh. This is quite an intense shindig, huh? Listen, I just want to find out how things are goin' with Mimi. Well, I'm having a little trouble breaking the proverbial ice, sir and I really hope I don't embarrass myself you know, being in your illustrious presence and all. Oh, don't worry, I'll just make myself scarce but I do have one piece of advice. - Be yourself. - That's a natch, sir. This music is def, exceptionally def. Carlton, beat it! I'm dope. Yo! Now, what were you talking to my father about? Yo, baby, I told him if he don't stay out my face we're going to take it to the street. Baby, you close your eyes when you dance with me. - Salutations yet again, doctor. - Oh. Just a thought. Mimi loves horses and you love polo.. I thought that might break the ice. Oh, thanks for the prescription, doc. Enough said. [music continues] So, what were you talking to my father about this time? I wasn't listening to him, baby. I was stealing his wallet. [laughs] Oh, Kip, I'm so sorry I didn't believe you before. I should have seen right through that thin charade. Hey, let's go someplace and get busy. Yes, ma'am. But first, I want you to rap for me. What? You know, let me hear some of them abrasive lyrics. Oh, oh, okay, baby. This one I got banned in Buffalo for. ♪ Um I took you upstairs let down your hair ♪ ♪ Me and you together forget about all I care ♪♪ And that is just the type of music we will not let our children listen to. Smithers, what is the meaning of that ridiculous hat? Who put this on my head? - Daddy, isn't he funny? - Ha-ha! No. He disgusts me. Get out of my sight. Oh, wait a minute. You can't talk to him like that, daddy. He's practically a convicted killer, and I love him. A convicted killer? Who are you? [sighs] Alright, alright, alright. Alright, look, look. I'm not a young Republican from Connecticut and I'm not a hood from Bed-Stuy. I'm Will Smith from West Philly and I've been busting my butt all night trying to impress you and trying to scare you. And I'm exhausted. I'm goin' home, and I'm going to sleep 'cause, baby, ain't no girl that fly for me to go through all this trouble for. Yo, baby. Yo, baby. Yo. What's up? Oh! Miss Hilary. Did you have a good time at the Save the Everglades fund raiser? Geoffrey, these events are not about having a good time. They're consciousness-raising experiences. When you hear about all of the species that are on the brink of extinction it's grim, grave, and very, very sobering. - Tom Cruise was near tears. - Oh, wasn't he gorgeous? [both laughing] So there I was, G. Then this real fly honey walked by, right? So I decided I'll just be myself. I said, "Yo, baby. Yo, baby. Yo." And she loved me! Then what happened? Well, then her husband came in. [instrumental music] [theme music] ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 