The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air 
 s1e9 - Someday Your Prince Will Be in Effect - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 9 - Someday Your Prince Will Be in Effect - full transcript 
 Will and Carlton both try to win Melinda over by making up stories about themselves. She ultimately chooses Carlton over Will, though she hides a secret. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [theme song] ♪ Now this is a story all about how ♪ ♪ My life got flipped turned upside down ♪ ♪ And I'd like to take a minute just sit right there ♪ ♪ I'll tell you how I became he prince ♪ ♪ Of a town called Bel-Air ♪ ♪ In West Philadelphia born and raised ♪ ♪ On the playground is where I spent most of my days ♪ ♪ Chillin' out maxin' relaxin' all cool ♪ ♪ And all shootin' some b-ball outside of the school ♪ ♪ When a couple of guys who were up to no good ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Started makin' trouble in my neighborhood ♪ ♪ I got in one little fight and my mom got scared and said ♪ ♪ You're moving with your auntie and uncle in Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I whistled for a cab and when it came near ♪ ♪ The license plate said Fresh and it had dice in the mirror ♪ ♪ If anything I could say that this cab was rare ♪ ♪ But I thought nah forget it yo holmes to Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I pulled up to a house about seven or eight ♪ ♪ And I yelled to the cabbie Yo homes smell ya later ♪ ♪ Looked at my kingdom I was finally there ♪ ♪ To sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel-Air ♪♪ Boys, I'd love to go to the Halloween Party tonight, but.. Well, I can only go with one of you. Okay. Tough luck, Carlton. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Uh, neat it, see you, scram,sayonara. Peace out. And so long, screwy. Not so fast. I don't even know you. Count your blessings. Now, do you see, miss? I mean, this is an example of the difference between the two of us. I mean, while Carlton snaps at every opportunity to take a cheap shot.. I mean, I'm the kindest, gentlest soul you'll ever want to meet. Melinda, I'm nice to all people. Young and old. Like a couple of weeks ago, Carlton's grandmother visited. And who kept her company? Not Carlton. Me. What're you doing up so late? Oh, child, I had to get up and get breakfast started. I don't know what y'all got that Geoffrey for. - Five-card draw? - Yeah, I'm with it. You know, granny, I really like you. You-you and grandpa, you have fun. You tell jokes. Y'all bust me up. Thank you, son. Hey, look. Granny, it's late, everybody's asleep. You can level with me. Uncle Phil's adopted, right? Oh, now, we're real proud of Zeke. Did you know he won The Young Farmers of America Pig Raising trophy? No. I didn't know that but I'd love to have some details about that. Won it four years running. They had to retire his slop bucket. Slop bucket? Oh, I can't wait till he wakes up. Respect your elders, son. Mm-mm. See, I beat you. You know, he was the first Black President of the Young Farmers. Was that like a big thing? Oh, my, yes! Mm-mm. I beat you again. Aw, that was awfully sweet of you to play cards with her. Sweet? Well, some would say that, but.. It was just me being my thoughtful self. Reality check. This guy is far from thoughtful. He's the most selfish, irresponsible person I have ever met. A few weeks ago, I went on a car trip and this guy caused all kinds of trouble. [instrumental music] ♪ A B C D E F G H ♪ ♪ I got a gal in Kalamazoo ♪ ♪ I don't want to boast but I know she's the toast ♪ ♪ Of Kalamazoo ♪ ♪ Zoo zoo zoo ♪♪ Plans for Palm Springs. One, work on golf swing. Two, review SAT practice book. Three, ask Mr. Furth about a summer internship. Four, get the stick out of your butt! [laughs] Way to go, Will. You almost made us crash. What do you think you're doin' here anyway? Oh, come on. Just relax and pretend I'm not even here. Gladly. Whatcha eatin'? Oh, for crying out loud. Can I have some? Alright, Will. I'll share my snack with you on one condition. When we get to Palm Springs you'll behave like a proper gentleman and try to maintain some sense of decorum and etiquette. - Understood? - Yeah. Good. What do you say to an Oreo? I say, "What's up, Carlton?" - He hid in the back seat? - Hmm. It got worse. Because of his antics, we got arrested and thrown in jail. He's only telling one side of the story, Melinda. Uh, when we were in jail, this boy cracked. I had to do everything in my power to try to hold him together. This is terrible. I'm ruined. I'll be kicked out of the Glee Club I won't get into Princeton. I won't be admitted to the bar. Well, neither will I. The cops took my fake ID. Come on, man, don't give me that my-dog-is-dead face. Come on. Let's sing. - I'm not singing. - Come on.. ♪ When Israel was in Egypt land ♪ This is just retarded. Come on, man, let it go. You'll feel better. ♪ Let my people go ♪ ♪ Oppressed so hard they could not stand ♪ ♪ Let my people go ♪ ♪ Go down Moses ♪ ♪ Way down in Egypt land ♪ ♪ Tell all pharaohs ♪ ♪ Let my people go ♪ ♪ Clap your hands slap your thigh ♪ ♪ Hallelujah Hallelujah everybody come along ♪ ♪ Come join the jubilee ♪♪ Well, Melinda, I've been charitable so far but now's the time to take off the gloves. You don't know what a date with Will is like. One evening, not so long ago Will was walking a young lady home.. Yo, I told you, babe. A date with me be a night to remember. - What'd you think of dinner? - Dinner? It was just a Slurpee. Oh, I did that for you, baby. You don't keep that body of yours slim, trim and ready for action. Well, your hamburger and fries sure did look good. Baby, that's man food. It's getting awfully late, Will. Shouldn't we take a cab? Well, that's awfully expensive, baby. Let's just walk down this dark alley. Alright, punk. Your money or your girlfriend. My brother, you're making this too easy. - Will! - 'Unhand her.' And who are you? Banks. Carlton Banks. [upbeat music] [screams] One second, Melinda, please. Carlton, what the hell was that? - That never happened. - It could have. Besides, when we made this bet there was nothing in the rules that said no lying. Oh, okay, okay. Well, you know, two can play at that game. Hey. What were you two talking about? Oh, well, I was just asking Carlton how long he's been a pathological liar. And he said ever since he was the Emperor of China. You mean, the story wasn't true? Of course not. I'll tell you what a typical night with me is like. Master William, you have a visitor. A Mr. Jackson. Oh, come on, G. I-I don't have time for these interruptions. Look, I got homework forever. Look, tell Michael I'll have to work on his dance steps later. That's Bo Jackson. - Yo, what's up, babe? - I don't know. Watch the handshake, man. There goes baseball season. Yo, my fault. my fault, my fault. Yo, what you need, man? Well, I'm throwing this formal dinner party. And Bo don't know what to serve. Yo! No problem. Let me hook you up with my resident fun expert. - Hey, yo, Heav. - You rang? Bo Jackson, Heavy D. - Yo. - Yo, Bo. So, Bo, tell Heav your problem. Well, I'm throwing this formal dinner party. And when it comes to cookin', Bo don't know diddley. I think that's pronounced diddley, diddley. Diddley, diddley, diddley, diddley, diddley, diddley diddley, diddley, diddley, D. Oh, Heav, show Bo around the kitchen. No problem. Follow me, your runnin' backness. Hey, Will, thanks so much for lettin' me be your close and personal friend. Back at you, babe. [phone ringing] - Hello. - Hey, Will, what's up, man? This is Malcolm. Yo! What up, home? Listen, I'm goin' on this date tonight. And I really wanna impress this girl, and I was wondering if.. ...maybe I could tell her I know you? Malcolm. Malcolm. Malcolm. I mean, look, I understand your instinct I mean but you shouldn't try to impress a girl with who you know. I mean, it's much better that she like you just for yourself. And if she gets to know the Malcolm that I know I don't think she'll be able to resist. Thanks a lot, Will. Man, I don't know what I would do without you as a close, personal friend. - Peace, man. - Peace, babe. Master William, you have another visitor. Come on, G, please. I got to get my homework done. Terribly sorry, sir, but he's otherwise engaged. But I happen to be his close, personal friend. Will, my man, I got a serious problem. Tonight I'm supposed to go in the studio and finish up a record. I can't find the lead singer. Uh, this is real important to me. I need your help this time, man. First of all, let's check our ego at the door. Now, now, look, Q, I saved your butt before. - I know. - That, that Thriller thing. Q, as always, look, you need a singer I'll get you a singer, man. Q. Yo, what's up, man? This is Prince. Yo, I got Quincy Jones over here. Yo, dude is in pain. Could you come right over? Alright. In a minute, babe. - Who was that? - Oh, a close, personal friend. Mr. Al B. Sure. - What's going on, man? - Yo, what's up, dawg? Hey, man, I'm glad you could come on such short notice, man. - Yo, I need a big favor. - Anything for you. - Quincy Jones, Al B. Sure. - Al B. Hey, Quincy Jones. What's happening? - This is hot. - Good to see you, man. Hey, yo, y'all get to work on that track. - Alright. - Let's do it. Will. 8:30, I've got to see "A Different World."I'm sorry. Yeah, man. I love that show. Really? Hey, yo, K. What? What's happening, babe? I want you to meet a couple of close, personal friends of mine. Quincy Jones, Al B. Sure. Kadeem Hardison. Man, this dude knows everybody. Baby, yeah, that was, that was a kind of slow night for me. So come on, what's up? Come to the party with me. No, come to the party with me. Guys, guys, listen, you have both made such good cases for yourself. It makes it even harder to choose. So, I'm going to have to go with basic.. ...raw, physical attraction. What time should I be there, Carlton? [instrumental music] [upbeat music] Welcome back to Croissants Aplenty. I didn't order.. Urgh, what kind of a croissant is that? It's peanut butter. And it's on the house. Looks like it's been on the floor. You look a little down. What? Did you lose the contest to your friend? Oh, yeah. Who'd have guessed it? I mean, especially in a place this well lit. Well, you know, strange things happen on Halloween. Uh, don't remind me, I got to go to that party tonight on the solo tip. Oh, look, don't feel too bad. There's bound to be at least one other guy there without a date. Yeah. You know, Cindy, you're probably right. Oh, Master William, there were three phone messages for you. From a Miss Karen, a Miss Judy, and a Miss Trisha. Yo. Wha-what did they say? "How desperate do you think I am?" "Not on your life." And, "Ha ha ha ha ha ha...ha." So, why did the security guard stop you, Hilary? It seems I fit the description of a shoplifter they've been trying to catch. What was the description? I don't know exactly, but it's fair to guess that "Stunning" was part of it. Eugene said he was sorry. Who is Eugene? The security guard. Hilary invited him to the party. Why did you do that? It seemed to speed up the paperwork. Well, before the party starts I think I'll go up and get some rest. Wait a minute. Philip, you didn't get a costume. You went to that silly gadget store. But I didn't buy a silly gadget. I bought a stapler. [automated] 'Only three pencils remain.' 'Proceed to stationery store immediately.' Everybody go get ready. I'm gonna go up and put my costume on now. Well, what is it, Hilary? A gorgeous Yves Saint Laurent dress. Ooh, scary. I just got off the phone with Melinda, my date. She's coming as Mrs. Santa Claus. I hope that doesn't conflict with what your date will be wearing. For your information, I have a date. What's her name? Uh, J-J-Janet G-Girlie. [upbeat music] Geoffrey, isn't this a fabulous party? The entire Brat Pack is here, plus two Twin Peakers. Oh, Miss Ashley, you look absolutely splendid in your costume. Well, I wanted to come as a ballerina but I guess a short guy with a mustache is the next best thing. Ha-aha, Carlton. White face and lipstick. Boy, you're living out all your fantasies tonight, huh? So, sore loser, is your date here yet? She'll be here. Will, for your information, the skeleton over there is Elizabeth McGovern. And the unicorn standing next to her is Kevin Bacon. And they both wish you would stop hitting on them. Why'd you come as Elton John? I'm supposed to be Superfly, Hilary. Well, your super fly's open. [doorbell rings] (all) Trick or treat! Can I take a look inside those bags, please? What kind of outfit is that for a Halloween Party? I'm going as Comfortable Man. - Is that a comic-book hero? - Sort of. He has superhuman bill-paying powers. so he gets to dress however he likes. Love that costume, daddy. ♪ What's love got to do got to do with it ♪ Oh, no. ♪ What's mm mm mm ♪♪ Well, Philip, do you know who I'm supposed to be? I don't care. You look fantastic. What're you looking at, clown? Oh, look, there's Kiefer Sutherland talking to River Phoenix. So what happened to your date, Carlton? Did she hit her head and her eyesight come back? She's powdering her nose. I can understand your bitterness, Will. The party's almost over, and you lost the bet. [instrumental music] Ladies and gentlemen. Cinderella. Hello. Is my prince here? - Hello, Will. - Do I know you? Give a guy your last peanut-butter croissant he forgets you in a minute. - Cindy? The waitress? - That's right. Yo, baby, that hairnet was doing nothing for you. Will, can I be your date tonight? Baby, forget tonight. Let's block out the next 50 years. Why did you decide to come? Well, when the two of you showed up at the restaurant I thought you were just a couple of macho clods. But when you came back, you were so sweet. Well, I guess I'm a sucker for a sad puppy. [whimpers] This doesn't affect our bet, Will. I still found a date first. Stop it! Let go of me, you creep! Eugene, what are you doing? I thought our agreement was you could come to my party but you couldn't falsely arrest anybody. This isn't a false arrest. This is the shoplifter I mistook you for. This girl's a kleptomaniac. - My silverware. - That's my watch. My date. Let this be a lesson to all of you. You don't have to break the law to have a happy Halloween. Goodnight, now. [instrumental music] Will, may I have this dance? Yo, baby. Your prince is in effect. [music continues] Where do you live? I live with my stepmother and her two daughters.. ...in Encino. Do you work every night? Yeah, I have to stay at the cafe and wait for everyone to leave and sweep up. Where'd you get this fly costume at? Well, I was sweeping up, and an old lady came in.. ...and she.. Well, it's a long story. Oh, no. I didn't know it was so late. - I've got to go. - Yo, yo, Cindy, wait! I'm sorry, Will. Uh-oh. Her slipper. Could it be? I've been touched by magic. Oh, my God. I can't believe I dropped my shoe. Maybe I should try some of those insole thingies. Listen, here's my number. Call me tomorrow. [upbeat music] I can't believe Carlton went to sleep. Why couldn't he help us clean up? Ash, if you found out the only person in the world that would go out with you was mentally deranged you'd go to bed early, too. [doorbell rings] (all) Trick or treat! Oh, I'm sorry, we're out of candy. (all) Oh. Well, how come you guys came so late? We were watchingMatlock. I got something better than candy. A scary story. (all) Yeah! It was a cold, dreary, wintry night. October 31 was the date. There was a couple of little kids dressed just like you trick or treatin' in Bel-Air around 8:00. 'Now, normally Bel-Air was safe and sound.' 'But this year, things were ill.' 'But as on every Halloween, the parents sent their kids out' 'not knowing this year it wasn't chill.' There was a rude awakening in this Bel-Air town no more tranquility or peace. Not Jason, Michael Myers, or Freddie Krueger but this monster was called the Bel-Air Beast. This monster was dreadfully ugly and he bothers you when you're all alone. A face like nothing you've ever seen before and he reeks of Polo cologne. He stalks his victims slowly with the world's most terrible breath. But he doesn't use an axe or a chain saw he talks his victims to death. 'So if you see this monster' 'run and don't look back, kids.' This monster's called the Bel-Air Beast. And, oh, my goodness, there he is! [screaming] [theme music] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 