The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air 
 s1e2 - Bang the Drum, Ashley - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 2 - Bang the Drum, Ashley - full transcript 
 After Ashley reveals to him that she does not enjoy playing the violin he takes her to and trades her violin in for a drum set. Then reveals that he has already hired Ashley a teacher. Jazz. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [theme song] ♪ Now this is a story all about how my life got flipped ♪ ♪ Turned upside-down and I'd like to take a minute ♪ ♪ Just sit right there ♪ ♪ I'll tell you how I became the prince ♪ ♪ Of a town called Bel-Air ♪ ♪ In West Philadelphia born and raised ♪ ♪ On the playground is where I spent most of my days ♪ ♪ Chillin' out maxin' relaxin' all cool ♪ ♪ And all shootin' some b-ball outside of the school ♪ ♪ When a couple of guys who were up to no good ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Started makin' trouble in my neighborhood ♪ ♪ I got in one little fight and my mom got scared ♪ ♪ And said you're moving with your auntie ♪ ♪ And uncle in Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I begged and pleaded with her the other day ♪ ♪ But she packed my suitcase and sent me on my way ♪ ♪ She gave me a kiss and then she gave me my ticket ♪ ♪ I put my Walkman on and said I might as well kick it ♪ ♪ First class yo this is bad ♪ ♪ Drinking orange juice out of a champagne glass ♪ ♪ Is this what the people of Bel-Air living like ♪ ♪ Hmm this might be alright ♪ ♪ I whistled for a cab and when it came near ♪ ♪ The license plate said Fresh ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ And it had dice in the mirror ♪ ♪ If anything I can say that this cab was rare ♪ ♪ But I thought nah forget it ♪ ♪ Yo holmes to Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I pulled up to a house about seven or eight ♪ ♪ And I yelled to the cabbie yo holmes smell you later ♪ ♪ Looked at my kingdom I was finally there ♪ ♪ To sit on my throne as the prince of Bel-Air ♪♪ [instrumental music] Today, sir, I thought we might begin the day with an aspirin preventative medicine being so much the mode. It's too late, Geoffrey. I already have a headache, just anticipating that infernal hammering at the office. Honey, I thought the workmen were supposed to be done by yesterday. Shockingly enough, Vivian, they're behind schedule. Dad, it's so obvious. If all that hammering is bothering you just tell them to quit it. I don't even want to talk about it. These are the only moments of peace and quiet I'll have all day. ♪ I got the power ♪ ♪ I got the power ♪ [Will hawking] ♪ I got the power ♪♪ Another aspirin, sir? Perhaps a gun. Vivian, what the devil is he doing up there? "I Got The Power" by Snap. Snap is a great band. Well, when Crackle and Pop cut a disk then call me. [laughs] Oh, what's so funny? Carlton told a joke. No, no, no, Hilary. Carlton is a joke. Mommy, who's gonna take me to my tennis lesson after school today? Are you sure it's tennis today, sweetie? Maybe you better check your schedule. - Schedule? - Yeah. My parents bought me this calendar so I could keep my lessons straight. Didn't you have a schedule for after school when you were my age? Yeah, the "TV Guide." See, Monday's for ballet Tuesday's riding Wednesday's violin. Oops. I thought today was violin, sweetie pie. You mean Ashley would have shown up for her violin lesson in her tennis outfit? [laughing] Oh! I just pictured it. [laughing] Well, I'm two for two. I'm going to quit while I'm ahead. Can I suggest retirement? Just.. Ouch. Keep 'em coming, Will. So, mommy, who's gonna drive me? - Hilary? - Oh, look.. There's a growing pollution problem in this city and I, for one, will not contribute to it. I absolutely refuse to drive anybody anywhere until a responsible carpool is organized. But, Hilary, Ashley is in a carpool. Well, I just don't want to do it, okay? I have an idea. Will, you don't have any chores this afternoon. You can drive Ashley. Word up. Kick over the keys to the jag. The benzito? Hm! The station wagon. Oh, come on, Uncle Phil. You're going to ruin my rep. You're only 17. You don't have a rep yet. You will drive her to her class, you will wait for her there and you will bring her home. Oh, come on, man, I got to sit through a hour of scratchy violins? Will, you might learn something. Yeah, the same thing I learned from banging my head up against a pole for hours don't do it again. This is your new job. Wednesdays you are Ashley's driver. Understood? Y-y-yes'm. I'll be more than happy to drive you to the Piggly Wiggly Miss Daisy. [playing off-key] [accelerating] - I'm sorry. - Whoa, whoa, whoa. Ladies, hold it, wait a minute, wait a minute. L-let's try somethin' different, alright? Everybody just repeat after me, okay? ♪ I got the power ♪ ♪ I got the power ♪ ♪ I got the power ♪ ♪ I got the power ♪♪ - Somebody say ho! - Ho! - Say ho ho! - Ho ho! Now everybody scream! [all screaming] [striking piano key] ♪ I got the power ♪ ♪ I got the power ♪ ♪ I got the power ♪ ♪ I got the power I got the.. ♪♪ Come, girls! You are late. Now, let's begin with the piece you were to memorize 'from Stravinsky's "Violin Concerto In D Minor."' And remember, you are playing this for a woman who was the great Stravinsky's lover. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. 'Faster, faster, faster, faster.' Stop. Stop. You there. What you do here? U-um...uh, um, I'm Ashley's cousin. I-I was just waiting to drive her home. Hey, you make me kinda nervous with that stick, lady. You dare to read while great Stravinsky is played? I wasn't as tight with the man as you were. Hah, do not attempt to make joke with me. I was lover of both Laurel and Hardy. Guess that look really works for you then. [intense music] [sighs] Hey, Ash, you know, that was decent to listen to that kind of music, you know without having to see Freddy Krueger kill somebody. I'm glad somebody enjoys it. What, don't you? Well, not yet but when I'm older, it will be useful to me. No, wait. That's tennis. - Who told you that? - My dad. Ash, just 'cause your dad likes somethin' doesn't mean you have to like it. I mean, he likes being a lawyer. That doesn't mean you have to be a lawyer. - I am going to be a lawyer. - Oh.. Ash, the world does not need another Philip Banks. In fact, we might not have enough farmland to support the one we have. No. The world needs an Ashley Banks. Girls, you must remember to practice more, no? Violin is very jealous much like the sexy Toscanini. If you even look at another it will not speak to you for days but if you give all of yourselves it will fulfill your every need and set your very soul on fire. What does she mean by that? Well, let's just say the lady expects a lot from a piece of wood and some strings. [instrumental music] Geo.. Your aspirin, sir. Thank you, Geoffrey. Do you attribute your headaches, sir solely to the ongoing construction in your office or do you suppose there might be a stress factor involved? This is how my day went, Geoffrey. At 9 o'clock they were pounding. At 10 o'clock they were jackhammering. By noon, a pneumatic drill came into play. And, Geoffrey, they were just repainting the office. I'd say that's cause for stress, wouldn't you? Mmm. You know, sir, the Earl of Cranbrook to whom I was in service for several years suffered from the most severe headaches. A-and you're saying that these were caused by some sort of stress? I should very much doubt it. He spent his days riding to the hounds and his evenings attending rather pleasant dinner parties with his delightful wife Lady Celia. Now.. ...she was a terribly good snooker player one of the best, and one night, she bet-- Geoffrey. Where does the stress come in? Well, it certainly doesn't in Lord Cranbrook's case. I never saw a calmer household. Then what was the point of the story, Geoffrey? Sheer entertainment, sir. [loud drumming] What the devil was that? I believe the technical term is a rim shot. Who did it? Utter speculation, of course but my guess is Master William. Will. [loud drumming] [indistinct singing] Will! [drumming] Will! Will! Vivian. Ashley, honey.. Where is your violin? Big Sal has it. Big Sal? He owns this really great store where you don't need any money. You just go in and give him something you don't even want anymore, and he gives you this ticket and then-- A pawnshop? You took her to a pawnshop? Well, yeah, it was really hard, too. Man, you-you don't have many pawnshops in Bel-Air. You know that's really a shame. You know, I had to go all the way to East LA. East LA? But they gave me a great deal. They gave you a set of drums. And.. ...I made them throw in a little gift for each of you. - Close your eyes. - Vivian! I want my present. - Okay, open. - Huh! Oh, Will, what a lovely antique necklace. What is this? Daddy, it's a diamond. No, it isn't. - You don't like it? - No, I do not. Can I have it? How dare you pawn her violin! She don't even like playing it no more. She will learn to like it later. A young woman who can play a violin is an accomplished young lady. Yo, a girlie that can play the drums can write her own ticket. Will, I want the best for Ashley. When I was a kid, I loved classical music but my parents couldn't afford lessons. I used to stand out in the parking lot of the Philharmonic hoping to catch a spare note on the night air. Philip, when I met you, you were into James Brown. He liked James Brown? He even wore his hair like him. [laughs] He had hair? You know, it is possible to like both classical music and James Brown. And I could not agree more so let's let Ashley play whatever she wants. She spent an entire year on the violin. So, if she wants to try somethin' new, let her. You tell him, Aunt Viv. And as for you, young man.. Love you. The next time you decide to visit a pawnshop, don't. - Now are we clear on that? - Yes. [clears throat] Master William there is a young gentleman downstairs with a rather large radio who is here to see you. He claims his name is Jazz. Yo, word up. Send him up. Now, now who is this Jazz fellow? Yo, I heard the boy at a club. He is all of that. I hope he's gonna be Ashley's new music teacher. I mean, now he's not as experienced as Madame Chatchka but then, who is? Mr. Jazz. It's nice to meet you, Jazz. How do you do? I'm Mr. Banks. You got that right. Man, you're loaded! Yo, what's up, J? Come on, Philip. Let's just leave them alone. I asked him to take him, take her to her lesson-- I know, baby.. Tell mama all about it. Ash, how about let Jazz get busy one time? [drum music] ♪ Oh yeah ♪ ♪ Oh play two stick ♪ ♪ Shake your booty on the floor tonight ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Hey ♪♪ [instrumental music] So Carlton, how's the, uh, soccer scene? Well, I may be moving up from JV to Varsity, but.. [loud drumming] Am I the only one who find this drumming inappropriate for high tea? I can't take another week of this. From morning until night, all I hear is this relentless pulsating, thumping beat. [exhales sharply] I'm going to the Hard Rock Cafe. Hilary. Stay. We are having tea. It's a civilized way for me to have a conversation with my family, so someone talk. [drumming continues] I want her severely punished. Look, it was the only time that Jazz could give her a lesson today. Vivian, I wish you would stop calling him that. - But that's his name. - It is not. It can't be. Philip, these kids like to make up their own names. Let them. Okay. Fine. So, from now on, I'm no longer Philip Banks. Just call me King Edward IV. As you wish, Your Majesty. Humor, sir. Dad, I'm as liberal as the next guy but it's time for someone to take the reins. High tea has been a weekly tradition in our family for as long as I can remember. If we let young Will ruin this for us what's next to go? Christmas? I can't answer that question for you, son. Ask your mother. Oh, come on, you two. High tea is not a sacred institution. [Geoffrey clears throat] It's not the tea. It's not the drums. It's Ashley. I've spent nine years trying to raise a proper young lady and Will is undoing all of my work in a week. Ashley, honey, come down here! - What are you doing? - He's punishing her. No, Hilary, I just want her to spend some time with her family. Same thing. What is all this yelling about downstairs? Look, we are trying to give a music lesson upstairs. Work with me, people, please? You've been practicing all afternoon. Uh, look, that is the only way she's gonna become a star. Now, this young lady has the drive, the good look and the intelligence to get to the top but she will not be on "Yo! MTV Raps" if you all don't work with me. Practice is over, Will. Ashley, honey, it's teatime. Ooh, tea. Biscuits! Geoffrey, put on our teatime music, please. You'll love this, honey. It's "Brandenburg Concertos." ["Brandenburg Concertos"] Hey, Jazz, hit me with some sugar, man. [plop] How about a little milk? - No.. - I'll get it. I thought this was Sterling. It's got that certain weight to it. Ah. Yes, yes. This is my favorite part. Ashley, honey, this is possibly the most beautiful music ever written. Would someone turn it up for me, please? Jazz, crank that up for me. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Listen. Listen, darling. Listen to the violins. Beautiful. Oh. The oboes will be coming next. [record needle scratching] Aah! Geoffrey, would tell Miss Ashley I'd like to speak to her, please? - Right away, sir. - Philip. Philip, now I know you're upset but I want you to stay calm. [chuckles] I'm calm. I'm happy. I'm in control. You see, Vivian.. ...I had lost control. Lost control? You drop kicked a human being across our front lawn. It felt good, dammit. I'm back in the saddle again. Mm. You know, I think living down the street from the Regan's has had a very bad effect on you. Oh, Will, your uncle just wanted to speak with Ashley. No. No, let him stay. I want him to hear this, too. I hope this isn't going to be one of those Theo moments. Ashley, honey.. ...sit down. Ashley, baby.. [sighs] ...through no fault of your own things went down a very wrong path this week but luckily, your daddy has put it all back together. You're going to return to the violin. I've called Madame Chatchka. She's agreed to give you a make-up lesson. You must've caught her on one of her rare free nights, huh? Will, please? I think we've all lost sight of the most important thing here and that is, what's best for Ashley. Man, it's not what's best for Ashley. I mean, you're trying to control her too much. She's nine-years-old, and she's got a calendar telling her where she's got to be and what she's gotta do. Oh, I see, but she doesn't have to worry about that anymore because now you tell her what to do, right? There's only one thing wrong with that, Will you're not her father. Alright, okay, but how come you didn't know she doesn't like the violin? She liked it for a whole year before you moved in to this house, can you explain that? I never liked it, daddy. That explains it. I mean, look, if you ask her she'll tell you she wants to play the drums. I don't like the drums either. See? See? Now you confused her. I'm not confused. I just didn't want to disappoint you, Will. And I didn't want to disappoint you, daddy. Now hold on. Now let's get this straight. Ashley, honey, you don't have to please Will and you don't have to please your father. You just continue the lessons that you like best. You mean it, mommy? Absolutely, sweetheart. Then I want to quit ballet. Ballet? Honey, no. Oh, thanks, mom! But, honey, you look so cute in that little tutu. Oh, I really hate it, mommy. But, Ashley, honey, just until Christmas? Do you believe that? She wants to quit everything. I know. These kids today, they have no attention span. I blame television. [instrumental music] [theme music] ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 