The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air 
 s1e10 - Kiss My Butler - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 10 - Kiss My Butler - full transcript 
 It is Geoffrey's birthday and Will decides to set him up on a blind date as a gift. Will winds up thinking she is perfect and breaks up the two dancing at a nightclub. Later when Geoffrey ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [instrumental music] Aah! See, I told them you were awake. (all) Happy birthday, Geoffrey! Oh, my! I'm so touched. Um, may I get you anything? Geoffrey, don't be silly. You're always worried about pleasing us. But today it's Saturday, we're home and we're waiting on you. But, but this is highly irregular. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Geoffrey, I don't wanna hear it. Today we're your butlers. Here's breakfast in bed. Is there anything else you would like? - Um, a spot of tea. - Carlton. - Will. - Ashley. Hilary. I'll get the tea. Would you like anything with that? Geoffrey, relax. It's your birthday. And we're going to do all of your most hated chores. But, sir, I don't hate any of my chores. Well, we do. So, Geoffrey, are you gonna do 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 anything special for your birthday? Oh, most assuredly, Ms. Ashley. Tonight I will be enjoying a BBC broadcast of Gilbert and Sullivan's "H.M.S. Pinafore" followed by a penetrating interview by David Frost. Ooh! And they say the man can't party. Well, Geoffrey, before we get you your tea there's something else we'd like to do for you. [kazoo music] Carlton, put away that tired old kazoo, please. Get busy for me one time, skinny A. ♪ Happy birthday my man G ♪ ♪ Because you knows the most about butlery ♪ ♪ So don't move an inch stay where you sit ♪ ♪ We're gonna treat you like the king of Brit ♪ ♪ Huh ♪♪ [theme song] ♪ Now this is a story all about ♪ ♪ How my life got flipped turned upside-down ♪ ♪ And I'd like to take a minute just sit right there ♪ ♪ I'll tell you how I became the prince ♪ ♪ Of a town called Bel-Air ♪ ♪ In West Philadelphia born and raised ♪ ♪ On the playground is where I spent most of my days ♪ ♪ Chillin' out maxin' relaxin' all cool ♪ ♪ And all shootin' some B-ball outside of the school ♪ ♪ When a couple of guys who were up to no good ♪ ♪ Started makin' trouble in my neighborhood ♪ ♪ I got in one little fight and my mom got scared and said ♪ ♪ You're moving with your auntie and uncle in Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I whistled for a cab and when it came near ♪ ♪ The license plate said Fresh and it had dice in the mirror ♪ ♪ If anything I can say that this cab was rare ♪ ♪ But I thought nah forget it yo homes to Bel-Air ♪ ♪ I pulled up to the house about 7:00 or 8:00 ♪ ♪ And I yelled to the cabbie yo homes smell you later ♪ ♪ Looked at my kingdom I was finally there ♪ ♪ To sit on my throne as the prince of Bel-Air ♪♪ Did you see that look on Geoffrey's face? He just lit up. I never thought I'd say this, but it feels really good to do something for somebody else for a change. Aren't we supposed to make him some tea? Oh, right. Ashley, honey, how'd you like to go into the kitchen and introduce Mr. Tea Bag and Mr. Teapot to Mr. Boiling Water? Hilary, how would you like to make the tea before I take away Mr. Allowance? Mother, please! Don't talk down to me. Yo, yo, yo, yo, I got it, I know what I'mma get G for his birthday. - What? - Here. Let me give you a hint. Little Richard? Oh, shut up! No, no, no. I want to hook Geoffrey up with a woman, man. - You know, so he can get busy. - Ah. I think Geoffrey's busy enough, what with all his chores. You, you don't get it.. It's, look, it's Geoffrey's birthday and he's just staying up in the bat cave listening to his radio. I mean, straight up, the man is depressed. No, he's not depressed. He's British. It's the man's birthday. Leave him alone. If Geoffrey is interested, I don't see any harm in introducing him to a nice woman. - Oh, here she goes. - Here what goes? Your poor Aunt Vivian seems to think she's a matchmaker. In her mind, she's kind of the Chuck Woolery of Bel-Air. It's not just my opinion, Carlton. When I was in college, I introduced three different couples and they all got married. And by your fifth reunion, they were all divorced. Look, I just get them to the altar. After that they're on their own. People, people, please! I do not want to hear your dirty laundry. Geoffrey deserves a woman interested in a serious, long-lasting relationship. And I know exactly where to find her. The mall! [instrumental music] Wait till Geoffrey sees this. When I'm done, he won't have to polish this for a month. Look, Philip, I can see myself. Well, I can't. Ooh! Ah.. Argh! Stay smooth! Don't buckle! Oh! Hilary, what's the problem? I've never wrapped a present before. Geoffrey's always wrapped my presents. Geoffrey? Hilary, you can't ask him to wrap his own present. Oh, I guess that's another one of those unwritten rules. Man! Yo, two hours at the mall. - And I ain't get no girls. - Well, what did you expect? You went to the mall with girl-away there. For your information, Hilary Jazz here happens to be the master when it comes to cracking on the girls. Yo, the boy is irresistible. Sure, maybe during a blackout. I'd love to get a hold of you during a blackout. Daddy.. Aah! Ah, that's better. Now, where were we? Well, in honor of Geoffrey's birthday we are preparing an incredible feast. Beefstroganoff, potatoesau gratin and apple brown Betty. Hm, sounds delicious. When will it be ready? In 55 seconds. Just tell us when to zap it. Could you put a hold on dinner, please? I'm trying to find Geoffrey a girl. The words "Mission impossible" come to mind. - I know someone. - Really? Uh-huh. You know my friend, Samantha? Um, Ashley, maybe I should explain some of the finer points of the law to you. I was gonna say that Samantha has this nice, sweet nanny who just came from England. And she says Helen has nothing to do and she just sits in her room at night, knitting. Ooh! I smell a match. So how long has this nanny been in America? - Two weeks. - Perfect. A lonely woman, new to our country. She probably won't even notice what a Melvin Geoffrey is. Yo, Geoffrey! Hey, Ashley, you go invite her. Go ahead. Hey, come on, the rest of y'all beat it. You bellowed, Master William? Yeah, I've been thinking about it, G, and straight up, man I'm not down with you being lonely on your birthday. But I shall be far from lonely, Master William. I shall be spending the evening with the glorious music of Sir William Schwenck Gilbert and Sir Arthur Sullivan not to mention David Frost. Well, so far, I count you plus three guys. I just thought you might prefer a woman. I'm not making too big an assumption here, am I? As it happens, I like women just fine but I think it's a bad idea for a butler to intertwine his private life with that of the family. Surely, you gleaned that much from watching "Mr. Belvedere." But, G, there's this nice old British nanny Ashley knows. And, man, she really, really wants to go out with you. - Sorry, Master William. - But Ashley.. - Already invited her. - What? I told her that was a little pushy, but you know kids. This is just regrettable. I mean, come on, it ain't so bad, G. I mean, it's your patriotic duty to show your countrywoman a good time. G, don't do it for yourself. Do it for the king. Well, I wouldn't want to disappoint King Elizabeth. ♪ I am called buttercup sweet little buttercup ♪ ♪ Though I could never tell why ♪♪ Yo, G, Helen is gonna be here any minute. Come on, baby, hook it up. I'm hooking as fast as I can. Don't be such a wanker. - Well, what are you gonna wear? -Voila. Oh, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! I mean, come on, G, Hilary's taking you and Helen to the fliest club in LA, man. I mean, my buddy Jazz is the DJ there. He said the place is all of that. All what? Look, look, forget it, uh.. G, I don't think you understand, man. I mean, you got a kind of a Ben Vereen thing going here, man. I mean, uh, come on, baby. You got to dress a lot funkier than that. Funkier? There. Pure, unadulterated funk. Alright, look-look, G, forget about looking cool. I mean, let's concentrate on acting cool. Don't talk to me about cool, Master William. During the '70s I was briefly employed as Led Zeppelin's road butler. Look, G, when the music starts pumping and it's time to get on the dance floor this is what you do. [music on stereo] Now you give it a try. I would be most happy to, Master William but to the best of my knowledge, hell has not yet frozen over. [instrumental music] Oh, madam, sir a round-trip ticket to England. Thank you. We thought it would be nice for you to see your family. Oh, yes, I suppose I should drop in on them. This is from Ashley and me. Of course, I paid the lion's share. Happy birthday, Geoffrey. English leather. English toffee. An English muffin. [doorbell ringing] Yeah, that sounds like my present, G. But I'll leave the unwrapping to you. Oh, Will, must you be so ribald? I'm not gonna answer that till I have a lawyer and a dictionary present. I'll get Helen. Here's my present, Geoffrey. Happy birthday. I wrapped it myself. Thank you, Ms. Hilary. Oh, this is most generous. Look, Geoffrey, I know I boss you around too much. So this gift is my way of making up for it. Hilary, sweetheart, you could also stop bossing him around. Okay, then I'll keep the sweater. - 'He's right this way, Helen.' - Yo, happy birthday, G. Get ready to have your candles blown out. Geoffrey, I'd like you to meet Samantha's nanny, Helen Carter. [instrumental music] Helen, I'd like you to meet Geoffrey. Charmed. It's nice to meet you, Geoffrey. From the children's description I thought you'd be much older. Ditto. And this is my mom, my dad Hilary, Will and Carlton. You can call me Tony. What are you trying to pull here, Tony the tiger? I didn't start it. Did you see the way she looked at me? Share the fantasy, Carlton. I was just trying to be friendly. Hey, look, well, park your welcome wagon elsewhere, homes. That's Geoffrey's date. She'll be dancing with him, but she'll be thinking of me. Uh, so, uh, Helen, I'm Will. Welcome to our humble crib. Oh, Ashley, this must be that houseboy you were telling me about. That's homeboy, Helen. Oh. Oh, sorry. I'm so glad you could make it tonight, Helen. This is working out just beautifully! The two of you look so wonderful together. How many lives do you have to ruin, Vivian? So, Helen, what part of England are you from? Allow me, Ms. Hilary. You can tell a lot from a person's accent. - You're from London, of course. - Of course. - I'm guessing West End. - Why, yes. - Chilton Road? - That's right. Upstairs above Shrimpton & Son? Close. One more block up, next to Bottomley's. Well, it has been a while. [laughs] Oh, isn't this cute? You have so much in common. You both speak English! [instrumental music] And to this day it remains the largest rhino ever to be taken with a bow and arrow. Geoffrey, this is fascinating. It's like going out with James Bond. You're not the first to have made that comparison. Well, I'm going to go mingle. The A list really turned out tonight. Really? Look, that's Tom Cruise's pool cleaner and that's Cher's electrolysist and that's Heather Locklear. Hey, beautiful, I see you've come to make up. Like, what's with the band-aid? Was your brain leaking? I hit the pavement kind of hard when your dad threw me out the house. I guess you could call it a love scar. Perhaps I haven't been clear in the past. I don't like talking to you. I don't even like seeing you. So, please, just go away. I love a flirt. Will, what are you doing here? Leave Geoffrey and Helen alone. Hilary, Hilary, what do you think I am? I mean, I came down here merely to hang out with my good friend, Jazz. Well, while you're at it, hose him down. Oh, I got to run. There's Demi Moore's cable man. Yo, yo, yo, J, what up, baby? Yo! - Shh! - Shh! Yo, I think your cousin's really starting to warm up to me. - Yeah, right. - What's wrong with you? Yo, man, peep out that babe G's with. - You mean, Wonder Woman? - Yo, man. Check this out, I got the worst luck in the world. Now, you know, all the babes I messed with in Bel-Air been whacked, right? - I follow you so far. - Uh, yo. I go to hook G up with an old British nanny it turns out to be her. She don't look too old to me. I know, Jazz. She's perfect. Homey, I'm in love. I mean, G didn't wanna go out with her in the first place. I don't know what you guys do in Philly but in LA we don't give stuff like that away. Well, I don't know what you guys do in LA but in Philly you crack on somebody's honey you mess around and get yourself killed! Well, I don't know what you guys do in Philly but in LA we're man enough to take that risk. My brother, you wanna take this outside? Calm down, man. Listen. Tell me, how does your butler dance? I mean, like he dresses. Why? I'll throw on some house music won't be able to hang out on the dance floor. You could pick up all the pieces. Yo, we got a brother in the house tonight. He's celebrating his birthday. He's my main man, Geoffrey. So, everybody, clear the dance floor and let him and his lady get busy. Well, Helen, care to cut a rug? Smashing. [upbeat music] Like an angel in flight. Yeah, he is better than I thought he'd be. [indistinct rap music] Hey, hey, they're doing the lambada! That's the forbidden dance. Hey! It's like this, right? Oh, oh, "Mississippi Burning," right? I'm getting that feeling ofdeja vu. Aah! [Marvin Gaye singing " Sexual Healing"] ♪ Wake up wake up wake up ♪ Vivian, I'm trying to concentrate. Could you turn that down, please? I'm sorry, honey. Maybe this will help? ♪ Hoo ♪ Saturday night we always used to go out dancing Saturday nights. Well, maybe we can do some in-house dancing. ♪ I can't hold it much longer ♪ ♪ It's getting stronger and stronger ♪ ♪ When I get that feeling ♪ ♪ I want sexual healing ♪ ♪ Sexual healing ♪♪ [chuckles] Aww! [stereo turns off] [clears throat] What are you doing home? Yo, man, I sort of bounced home, man. Yo, they threw me out the club. - Why? - Well.. It all started when your man, Geoffrey started doing the lambada. - Geoffrey does a lambada? - That's the forbidden dance. Well, you guys, you guys missed the night of the year. Geoffrey is an amazing dancer. He was doing back flips. Back flips? Isn't he cute? - Goodnight, Geoffrey. - Goodnight, Ms. Hilary. Yeah, so I think we'll go up, too. Goodnight, everyone. And thanks for a lovely birthday. - Yo, G? - Yes? (Will) 'Hold on.' Um... I guess, um, I shouldn't have busted your groove at the club, man. And, uh, I guess, uh, what I want to say is, is, uh i-it's all Jazz's fault, man. Sit down, lad. Master William for you a birthday's a time to paint the town red. But for me it's a time of reflection a time to review one's successes and regrets. I must say, one of my regrets has always been the fact that I never had a son. I have so much advice to pass on to the next generation but no one to tell it to. Ooh, look at the time. Phew! Boy, I'm bushed. [yawning] Sit, William. My boy.. ...a man is much more than the job he holds or the clothes he wears. For example, if I were to judge you by your costume I should guess you were some kind of circus performer. That's pretty cool, G. But you made the same assumptions about me. You assumed I was lonely. You assumed I wouldn't know how to comport myself at a night spot. You assumed I was a poor dancer. I hope the events of tonight have proved to you that I am, as the saying goes a fairly fly individual. Well, uh, Helen sure thinks so. Ah, Helen. She's certainly a hot little number but I'm afraid she and I were mismatched. Ah, she was a little too young for you, huh? Quite the contrary. I'm afraid I was a little too intimidating for the poor girl. She's looking for someone a little slower a little less sophisticated. I could be slower. I-I.. I'm-I'm sure I could be less sophisticated. She sensed that. Here's her phone number. She's expecting your call. It isn't important that I got the date with Helen. The important thing is I learned to appreciate Geoffrey as a human being. And Geoffrey and I have a deeper relationship. [instrumental music] [theme music] ♪ Ah-ah-ah ♪ ♪ Ah-ah-ah ♪ ♪ Ah-ah-ah ♪ ♪ Ah-ah-ah ♪ ♪ Ah-ah-ah ♪ ♪ Ah-ah-ah ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 