Adam-12: Season 1, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adam-12 
 s1e20 - Log 73: I'm Still a Cop - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adam-12 (1968–1975): Season 1, Episode 20 - Log 73: I'm Still a Cop - full transcript 
 At college where he's taking a class, Malloy encounters resentment from Paul Banner and other radical students because he's a policeman. After arresting students at a sit-in at President Lane's office, Pete's new Mustang is trashed. Malloy and Lane later question the student who stole a timing device, who admits giving it to Banner. Malloy suspects Banner hid a bomb on campus and forces him to divulge its location. A few days later Pete is invited to a student meeting. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, possible 459 suspects there now. 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 415, man with a gun. 1-Adam-12, no warrant. Lincoln, X-Ray, Ida 483. 1-Adam-12, a 415, fight group with chains and knives. How are you gonna get home from here? I'll have to get a cab, I guess. Ah, for the life of a free-spending bachelor. I'll tell your wife you said so. Hello. Hi. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Classmates? Peggy Tompkins, Jim Reed. (Peggy) Hi. Peggy was my history instructor last term. I'm impressed. Is that what you meant by hurrying over for "a sandwich or something?" See you in the morning. I was heading toward the cafeteria. Great. What happened to your car? The dealer had a buyer for it. He told me he'd give me a better deal if I traded it in before I got my new one. Which is tomorrow, I hope. How's the psychology going? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, rough, but I like it. You know, I used to think Freud was the only game in town. But now, I don't know. Miss Tompkins? What's the word on those community seminars? Oh, I gave Dr. Stevenson my prospectus last week. Don't hold your breath. I won't. Thanks. [people chattering] What's this about community seminars? Oh. "Student unrest," they call it on television. They think the curriculum is 50 years behind the times, but the faculty is top-heavy with traditionalists. And even, there's racism on the campus. You agree with them? Well, any campus reflects the society that produces the student. And heaven knows our society is far from being perfect. Who is? True. But then it's also true that any university does have the responsibility to question popular opinion, or challenge it if necessary. I guess so. Do these sound like fancy problems to a man who has to go out and earn his daily bread? A little. But I guess they wouldn't if I was young enough to be a full-time student. (Paul) Miss Tompkins? We're having a meeting tonight at Colby Hall. Can you come? Mmm. I think so. What's it for? We'll decide that at the meeting. Are you faculty? No. No. Just a retread student. Oh, you're welcome, too. If you have any friends-- Are you a businessman? No. I'm a police officer. [scoffs] Well, in that case, you can forget the welcome. Paul! Never mind, forget it. Uh, I better run. Was that necessary? Why not? He's a pig, isn't he? How about some coffee before roll call? Uh-uh. You go ahead. We've got about five minutes. I said no. Pete, what's buggin' you? Nothin'. Don't give me that. The last couple of days you've been a real drag to work with. If I didn't know better, I'd swear you were getting a little badge-heavy out there on the street. I don't know what you're talking about but I don't wanna go into it, okay? Okay, let's skip it then. Look, it may be your life, but I gotta live it with you, too. At least for eight hours a day. Malloy, the Lieutenant wants to see you. Right away. Okay. You wanted to see me, Lieutenant? Yeah, Pete, you issued a traffic citation yesterday to some guy named Watson. Yes, sir. He ran a red light, almost got himself a couple of pedestrians. Is he beefing about it? Not about the ticket. What's his problem then? Your attitude. What exactly did you say to him? Nothing much. He accepted the citation like it was some kind of a joke, I guess I leaned on him a little, trying to make him understand that there's nothing funny about almost killing people. Is he making a formal complaint? No, actually, he's trying to do you a favor. I'll bet. He said that you were antagonistic and not too polite, and if somebody didn't talk to you about it, sooner or later you'd meet up with a real cop-hater and that wouldn't do you or the Department any good. Pete, we've worked together a long time, and I've never known you to have an attitude problem. Something bothering you? I guess I have been a little bent out of shape lately. Sometimes I get tired of people treating me like I had some kind of a social disease just because I'm a cop. Pete, if I didn't know better, I'd swear you were feeling sorry for yourself. Now you've worked around here [intercom buzzing] long enough to know-- Moore. Yeah. Right. Right away. All right. Sergeant. Just got a report that what looks like a riot could be developing out at the college. I'm gonna roll on it right away and take five units. You take over here and redeploy the rest of the watch. Malloy, you and Reed will roll with me. Sgt. McDonald's setting up a CP headquarters in front of the Student Union Building. We'll stage there. Lets go. Yes, sir. What've you got, Mac? We just got a report, some hotheads are holding the President in his office. They want him to sign some confession. Where's his office? I know where it is. Good. You run it from here. I'll take a squad in and get him out. We're not old enough to vote for our leaders, but we're old enough to fight their wars, they say! And we're smart enough to attend their universities, but not smart enough to know what we want to learn, they say! Now, what do we say? (all) No! No! No! Here come the pigs! Turn your camera around. Show the establishment that their storm troopers are on the job! [crowd chanting] Oink! Oink! Oink! Oink! Oink! [crowd jeering] Oink! Oink! Pigs go home! (student) They must've run out of winos to beat up! Hey, look, it isn't a cop at all. It's our own Pete Malloy, a student here! Student bull! What did they do, Malloy, send you to class to fink on us? [crowd chanting] Here comes the pig! Here comes the pig! Here comes the pig! [people chattering] Hey, easy. Reed, Malloy. Are you all right, sir? Yes, yes, I'm fine, thank you. L, uh, I could agree to some of these demands. I would agree to discuss all of them. But not like this, ladies and gentlemen. Not like this. They're leaving, but we're staying! Everybody down! [students murmuring] I was afraid they'd do something just like this. What happens now? It's up to you, sir. (Dr. Lane) Well, I don't seem to have much choice, Lieutenant. Exactly what do we do? First, you better give this announcement. "California Penal Code, Section 602J "states that every person who willfully commits "any trespass by entering any lands with the intention "of interfering with, obstructing, or injuring "any lawful business or occupation carried on is guilty of a misdemeanor." [students laughing] This demonstration is interfering with the normal operation of this college. And as President of this college, I'm ordering you to leave. Now if--if you don't leave, you are subject to arrest... [students chanting] No, no, we won't go! "...under California Penal Code Section 602J." [students chanting] No, no, we won't go! I'm requesting you to leave immediately. Well, what do we do now? No, no, we won't go! No, no, we won't go! I am Lt. Moore of the Los Angeles Police Department. You have been informed that if you remain you will be in violation of the law. If you do not leave now, you will be arrested for violation of Penal Code Section 602J. Will you leave? [students chanting] No, no, we won't go! No, no, we won't go! No, no, we won't go! No, no, we won't go! Malloy and Reed, you be the arrest team. One at a time. No, no, we won't go! No, no, we won't go! No, no, we won't go! 1-L10 to 1-L20. Mac, we've begun the arrests, send three men to the Administration building. 1-L20, roger. Holly, take three men to report to Lt. Moore at the Administration Building. My name is Officer Malloy. I know who you are, pig. [students laughing] Get on with it. You've been informed that you are in violation of the law. If you don't leave, you will be placed under arrest. Will you leave now? Man, I'm not going anywhere. [students agreeing] So you're under arrest. Wonderful. [students booing] [students chattering] My name is Officer Malloy. You've been informed that you are in violation of the law. If you don't leave you'll be placed under arrest. [students chattering] What you got, Malloy? Sit-ins from the college. We busted 'em for 602J. How's it going out there? It's pretty quiet right now. But the Lieutenant said he was gonna stick around for a while just in case. Well, I might as well start booking 'em. Looks like it's gonna be a long day. Well, better you than me. [students screaming] All right, can I have your attention for a minute? The sooner we get started, the sooner you'll get out of here. So you tell me when you're ready to listen. [yelling stops] Go ahead, Malloy. Live! Make your speech. I Will book you one at a time into the jail section next door. Then, those of you who want to, can post bail. Who wants to go first? [students scoffing] He must be kidding. No volunteers, huh? Okay, Banner, we might as well start with you. Let's go. Having fun, Malloy? You may be a big man in the station here, but you better not come back to the campus alone. [students cheering] They sure weren't too friendly. Nope. By the way, when's your next class? Tomorrow. Think they'll cool off by then? No. I just hope I do. [car horn honking] Hey look, it's the cop in disguise! Come on, fuzz. Let my people go-go. Move it, pig. [students jeering] (Peggy) Pete? Do you mind if I talk to you for a minute? Why should I mind? Here, sit down. Well, what do you want to talk about? I find it difficult to know where to begin. It's just that, uh, well, everybody seems to have written you off as a complete fink after what happened yesterday. Now wait a minute, wait a minute. What do you mean "everybody"? Did they hold a referendum? Conduct a public opinion survey? You know what I mean. I know what you think you mean. To you "everybody" is that little group of half-baked revolutionaries you run around with. Well, Peg, they're a long way from being everybody. All right, they maybe small now, but it's just possible that they speak for the future. Maybe. But it's just as possible they don't. So let's drop that, huh? Now what was it you started to ask me? I just wanted to hear your side of what happened here yesterday. I don't agree with what you-- The police did. I just, uh, want to understand why it happened. Well, Peg, there isn't very much to understand. A group of students decided to violate the law, so they were arrested. I don't think it's that simple. It's just that simple. Look, these kids think they have some kind of a grievance. Well, maybe they do, but they don't have the faith, or the patience, or whatever it takes, to try to work things out. So they decide to force a confrontation. To dramatize the issue. They find some law and violate it and get themselves arrested. You might even say we did 'em a favor. That's just it. I mean, why do you have to make such a big thing about it? Why can't you just ignore them? Because if we just ignore them, they'd find some other way to force the confrontation. Maybe it wouldn't have been the end of the world if we'd let them block that hallway, but where do you draw the line? When they close the school? Or when they burn it down? I guess I understand what you're trying to say. But, I mean, really, did you have to drag them off to jail like that? No, they could have come peacefully. Voluntarily. They wanted to be dragged off to jail like that 'cause it's part of their thing. Besides, they figure it makes for better television coverage. Even so, I mean, it's not like they're really criminals. Why not? Because they're involved in some kind of social protest? W-What--what does the motive have to do with it? Look, suppose there was a bottle thrown yesterday and it had killed somebody, would they be any less dead than if they had been shot during a robbery? No, but still-- But still, the idea of force bugs you, huh? Well, Peg, what do you want us to do? Make an announcement: "You're all under arrest. Go directly to jail. Do not pass 'Go.' Do not collect $200?" Now, what if they don't wanna go to jail? Very few people do, you know. What happens then? No, doesn't work that way, Peg. If there's gonna be a law, somebody has to be around to enforce it. And when you get right down to the nitty-gritty, that means putting people in jail. By force, if necessary. That's quite a speech, Pete. I didn't know cops were so articulate about their work. Well, Peg, there's probably a lot of things you don't know about cops. Hey, I gotta get going. I'm gonna be late. I'll walk you over. You know, Pete, I'd really like to continue this conversation. Maybe I'm learning something. I might even let you in on the fact that we're not exactly perfect, either. Like human? Like human. Your new car. Yeah. What have you got, Malloy? Crime report, Lieutenant. Malicious Mischief. Your car, Pete? That's right. Seems like some of my fellow students kind of resented getting busted the other day, so they decided to tell me about it in large, capital letters. You insured? Yeah, fortunately. Pete, what you do with your private life is none of my business, up to a point. But don't you think you're asking for trouble taking courses out there? There are other colleges, you know. Maybe, just happens that that's the one I'm going to. Let me ask you something, are you doing it to get an education or to make some kind of point? I don't know. Maybe a little bit of both. [people chattering] Do you mind? [sighing] I heard about what happened to your car. I'm sorry. I hope you don't believe that I know who did it. Your guess is as good as mine. I don't know, Professor. Maybe your guess is better than mine. You wanna try? Ah, there's no point, really. It's no secret that my sympathies are with the students. All the students? Those that care about the world they live in, yes. What I'm trying to suggest is that your being here gives them a false target. The police represent the evil in our society, they are not evil in themselves. Thanks. I'm not being personal. That's the point. The students' anger is being directed against you instead of the ideas you represent. Can you understand that? I'm not sure. I'm suggesting to you that it might be better for all concerned if you dropped out of class and took the next semester at some other school. [laughing] Well, I didn't realize that I had said something funny. Excuse me, Professor, it's just that you're a fool. Listen here, Malloy-- No, it's your turn. You listen. You like to start the fire, but you don't want anybody to get burned. And you like to stir 'em up, but if a student gets arrested, or my property gets destroyed, you don't want any of that to be your fault, do you? I don't need a cop to remind me about my responsibilities! That's better, Professor. Now I recognize you. What does he want to see me about, did he say? I don't know. He made a point of not telling me. But he did seem worried. A timing device has been stolen from the electrical lab. The lab instructor is certain who took it, but, well, I guess I'm a little gun-shy, Mr. Malloy, after what happened to your car yesterday, and I thought, perhaps, it might be a good idea if you'd inspect it rather thoroughly before you drove it home. My car's not here, sir. It's being repaired. Well, thank goodness for that. Maybe not, Dr. Lane. If they're not after me, who are they after? I think we better phone this in. Uh, Mr. Malloy, I--l appreciate your experience in these matters, but, uh, I must tell you, I'd rather not have the police or any other outside authority on the campus unless it was absolutely necessary. You better find out if it is necessary. And in a hurry. Yes, I know. Good place to start would be with the person that took the device. I didn't steal it. I just wanted to try some experiments at home. Well, would we find the device at your home now? Well, Sally, would we? I don't know. Maybe I lost it. What is this, the Inquisition? We don't have to answer his questions? Paul, they're my questions too. Will somebody please fill me in? This young lady took the timing device. It can be used for a lot of innocent things, but it can also be used to trigger a bomb. A bomb! You're crazy! I hope so. Sally, I don't know about him anymore, but you wouldn't go along with such a stunt, would you? If anything does go off, we can analyze what triggered it. You know that, don't you, Sally? I didn't know what he wanted it for. He just asked me to get it. Who? I don't know what she's talking about. Paul! Where did you plant it? Oink, oink. Paul, for crying out loud. If you had such a nutty idea, call it off! Call the world off and it's a deal! The entrance to the Administration Building. He told me there'd be a meeting later, right on campus, but to keep away from the Ad. entrance, and tell everybody else to keep away, too. To keep away at what time? 5:30. We got 10 minutes. Dr. Lane, as soon as you clear the building, call the police. Tell 'em, bomb squad. All right, everybody out of here. Not you. What do you mean? Where did you plant it? Okay, where is it? Oh, no, buddy-boy. Right here's where it's at for you now. You'll get us both killed! Not me, you! You'll get us killed if you don't tell me where you put it. Even if you make it and I don't, you'll still be up for murder one. Now I have it 5:26. How about you? What do you care? What do you care if the whole school blows up? Why get yourself killed for it? Whether or not I care isn't the point. It's my job. It's 5:27. The fire extinguisher! Let me go! Let me take it down. [grunts] [sighing] I took care that no one... Nobody'd be around, get hurt. I wanted to scare 'em, that's all. Just to scare 'em. They'll be scared all right: the school, the students, everybody. So I guess you got what you wanted. Now all you gotta do is pay for it. What'll happen to Paul Banner? First offense. Nobody got hurt. If he's lucky he'll get probation. Miss Tompkins. We're having a meeting at Colby Hall in an hour to discuss another protest rally. Malloy, some of us think it might be a good idea if you were there. I'm still a cop, Carlton. We figured that. But you're a student, too. Might help to see both sides. Are you sure you're not just looking for a whipping boy, Jack? (Carlton) No. And we're not hoodlums, either. There's things here we don't like and we're gonna have our say. You showed us something the other day and we respect it. Maybe we can show you something you respect. I'll be there. Good. Well, it's nice to be wanted. Didn't you tell me you had to be on duty at 5:00 in the morning? Don't remind me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 