Adam-12: Season 1, Episode 22 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adam-12 
 s1e22 - Log 152: A Dead Cop Can't Help Anyone - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adam-12 (1968–1975): Season 1, Episode 22 - Log 152: A Dead Cop Can't Help Anyone - full transcript 
 Malloy tries to shield an impressionable Reed from Officer Ed Wells, a shoot-first ask-questions-later style officer. Wells' reckless philosophy endangers his own safety when he responds to a sniper, forcing them to come to his rescue. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, possible 459 suspects there now. 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 415, man with a gun. 1-Adam-12, no warrant. Lincoln, X-Ray, Ida 483. 1-Adam-12, a 415, fight group with chains and knives. So, I figure this guy has got to be taken. Yeah? Well, you see, right about here's where things start to get real hinky. Now, I know the guy's carrying a .45, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 but I'm not gonna stand outside forever. So I say to myself, "Eddie, get movin'." (Wells) You know. I crank one in the chamber. Ed Wells at it again with his war stories? Yeah. Trouble is he's got 'em listening. [Ed chattering] As long as they don't buy it, they're okay. ...but when the door comes down, he goes for his .45. But, uh, he's a little too late. (Wells) Before he knows it, he's lookin' down all 12 gauges. You took him yourself? What else? Well, what'd the guy say? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 W-what could he say? I had him cold turkey. (Reed) Man, that took some guts. That's what the job's all about, isn't it? Looks like old Ed has another convert to his Superman theory of police work. Yeah. You ever work partners with Ed Wells, Pete? Once. That was enough. Why? He's a real charger, isn't he? You think so? You heard how he took that 211 suspect last night. I'd say that took some real guts. That's one thing I'll say for him, he's got guts. Yeah. When a caper goes down, he's right up front. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 415 family dispute. 315, West Cameron. Probable gun involved. 1-Adam-12, roger. It's my mom's boyfriend, officers. He's crazy. He's been hittin' us, and now he's got my mom in there. He's gonna hurt her! He's gonna hurt her! (Malloy) What apartment is it, son? Four, straight down the hall. (Malloy) Does he have a gun? Come on, Malloy, let's get movin'. Just hold it a minute. Yes, it's a pistol my Dad brought back from Korea. Is it loaded? L--l don't know. Come on, Malloy, let's take him. Just wait a minute. ls there a back door here? Yeah, it's over there. All right, son, you stand here. Wells, you and Sanchez take the rear, check the windows. Let's find out where he is before we go in. Let's just handle the call, Malloy. [gun firing] [handcuffs clicking] You can put your gun away now, Malloy. Everything's under control. (Reed) What about the shot? Oh, my drunken friend here took a potshot at me. Missed me by a mile, though. (Wells) Had a bad aim. Well, that'll teach him to drink and shoot. Okay, friend, let's get you tucked away. (Wilbanks) You rotten fuzz. A guy can't even have a little argument without you cops buttin' in. Well, cool off, Malloy. There wasn't any sense in us creepin' around outside all day. There wasn't, huh? Well, you got to get the job done, Pete, baby. And you can't take all day on one call. We got lots to do. Come on, partner. Let's get our friend here taken care of. Malloy and Reed can finish up here, I think. You've got something on your mind, let's have it. We'd better get started on our reports. Well, they're all right now, for the time being at least. I guess so. Funny how these things turn out. Looks like Wells just had a feel for this one. Is that the way you figure it? Reed, Malloy, get everything squared away? Uh, just a little boyfriend-girlfriend trouble. That's what I understand. Wells filled you in? He did. Malloy, you were assigned this call? Yeah. You arrived first, 47 came in as back up? That's right. Well, I expect officers working for me to handle their own calls. 47 was back up. How come they made the bust? It just worked out that way. Malloy, your calls are your responsibility. Nobody else's. Are we reading each other? Yup. Okay. Let's get back on the air. Well, that's just fine. What do you think about Ed Wells now? I haven't changed my mind. Looks like the Sergeant doesn't exactly agree with you. The Sergeant doesn't have all the facts. (female dispatcher) All units in the vicinity and 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, m, possible kidnapping in progress. Suspect is driving a blue, 1969 Chrysler two door hardtop. Last seen southbound on Park. Victim is a male Caucasian, approximately six years. 1-Adam-12, handle. Code 2. 1-Adam-12, roger. That looks like it might be him. Watch yourself. Sometimes these guys blow their minds. (Thurston) Come back here, you. (Bobby) I won't! I wont! [Thurston muttering] Up against the car. What are you trying to do? You better get the boy, he's probably scared to death. Roger. Feet back. Hey, what is this? You've got no business to treat me like this. What--what--what... What are you doing? All right, stand up. I'm gonna call my lawyer. You're gonna do exactly as I tell you. Left hand behind your head. What are you doing? You-You're treating me, as if-- as--as if I was a criminal. Look, lam a very patient man, but I am just about fed up. First the kid, now you. Handcuffs. Suppose you tell me what this is all about? You've got things turned around a little, mister. What's your name? Thurston, George Thurston, if it's any of your business. Well, Mr. Thurston, when we see somebody chasing a child down the street, we make it our business. Well, can I help it if the kid runs away? I didn't want to take him in the first place. But my wife is hardheaded. Wait a minute. Your wife? Let's start at the beginning. Are you trying to tell me that's your boy? Of course. You think I'd be chasing some strange kid around the neighborhood? I have enough trouble with my own. I'm not about to take somebody else's kid to the barbershop. The barbershop? That's right. He hates haircuts. (Thurston) Same thing every time. World War ll just getting him there. Then, when the clipping starts, the battle really begins. I found him hidin' under a park bench. Says his name is Bobby. Couldn't get anything else out of him. Better put out a 4 right away. Come here, Bobby. Come on, Bobby. What's your last name, son? Come on, you can talk to us. Is this man your father? Bobby, you tell them who I am or... Bobby, son, now you tell that nice policeman that I'm your father. I won't. I won't. I don't want a haircut. I don't wanna go with you. Well, well, I'm glad you're finally coming to your senses, Officer. I'm sorry about the mistake, Mr. Thurston. But I'm sure you can understand our point. We got a radio call. Someone must have seen you struggling with Bobby in the car and figured it wrong. Then we roll in and see you chasing a boy down the street. Well, you can see what we thought. Just what did you think, Officer? Well, there are people who molest children. In a situation like this, we have to assume-- You thought that I... Wow. Well, I can see how it must have looked to you. Yeah. Glad you understand, Mr. Thurston. Yeah, well, uh, it's, uh... It's all right, Officer. I'm just, uh, happy to have you guys around. Thank you. Yeah, say, uh, uh, I, uh... Would you be interested in, uh, taking the kid here to the barbershop? Sorry, we got to get back to work. Yeah. Well, it was worth a try. All right, let's go. Come on. 1-Adam-12, clear. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, clear. It's nice to know some people like to have us around. Yeah, for a minute there I thought we might have a problem with him. When you get right down to it, there wasn't much else we could've done. Anyway, I'm glad we got the 4 out before anyone else showed up. Like, uh, Ed Wells? Yeah. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, B.0. traffic signal Eighth and Bixley. Watch commander advises to direct traffic until repaired. 1-Adam-12, roger. Well, that'll blow a good chunk of the rest of the watch. Guess it's just not our day. [locker thudding] (Reed) Roll call in five minutes. (Malloy) Yeah, I'll be right there. (Wells) Hey, uh, Malloy. About that bust yesterday, you, uh, you cooled down yet? Should I be? Well, why not? Look, I--l didn't mean to jump the call on you, but, uh... But what? Well, you know, Malloy. When something's goin' down you gotta move. Can't take all day. That's what we're here for. You gotta get those bad guys and get them in jail. (Wells) Ain't that right, Reed? Doesn't matter how it's done, just do it quick. Is that right? (Wells) That's the ticket. Now you're learnin', Malloy. Just do me one little favor, will you? What is it, Pete? Anything you say, just name it. Don't roll on any of my calls unless you're assigned. And if you are, stay out of my way, 'cause I don't need you. Oh, now wait a minute. No, you wait a minute! You charge around like some comic strip character, and the sorry part of it is, you think you're doing good police work. Well, you're not. There's more to this job than kicking a door down and taking a gun away from some nut. Now, if you haven't learned that yet, you probably never will. So I don't need you and these kids don't need you. (Malloy) If you don't get yourself killed, it'll be your partner or some other policeman. You're just mad 'cause I made the bust. You'll get over it. Look, Wells, the sergeant chewed on us for not handling that call ourselves. And I took it and didn't tell him what a stupid stunt you pulled. But next time, you might not be so lucky. So do yourself a favor, too. Stay away from me. Kind of blew your cool back there. I've just about had it with that jerk. Do you ever think that maybe he sizes things up a little quicker than most guys? He usually comes out smelling like a rose, doesn't he? To take an unnecessary chance and come out smelling like a rose is not exactly my idea of professional tactics. Well, tell me, what would you have done different back there yesterday? Maybe nothin'. We might have had to go through the door the same way. But we'd have tried a better way first, even if it just meant listening at the door or the window. We would've had some kind of a plan. You're sayin' he didn't know enough before he went in? That's part of it. I didn't hear him telling you, or me, or his partner what he was gonna do, did you? No, but he came out all right. You say, uh, he could've gotten killed the way he handled it? But he didn't. He made a good bust. Those are the facts. What it boils down to is pure luck on his part. We have a responsibility not to stick our necks out if we can avoid it. A dead policeman is no good to anybody. I understand that. But maybe we just overdo it a little. [radio beeping] (male dispatcher) All units in the vicinity and I-Adam-AT, a 415, man with a gun. 227, South Grape. 1-Adam-47, Code 3. Looks like Wells can handle this his way. He got the Code 3. We gonna back him up? You better believe it. (female dispatcher) All units, additional on the 415 at 227, South Grape. Suspect last seen standing by the swimming pool. Suspect is armed with a shotgun. [siren wailing] There goes Wells. Making like Teddy Roosevelt again. [shotgun fires] [tires screeching] [glass shattering] [glass breaking] (Malloy) Reed, get back in here. He's been hit! I gotta get him out! We both gotta get him out. Now get back. Close it. Come on. Get in the back seat and lie down. 1-Adam-12, an officer's been shot at 227, South Grape. Requesting an ambulance, and a sergeant with a gas kit. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, roger. All units, an officer needs help. 227, South Grape. Shots fired. [glass shatters] (Reed) How bad is it? I can't tell yet. He's full of buckshot. [engine humming] [Malloy grunts] [groaning] Reed, you get down there and stop traffic. What about Wells? Ambulance is on the way. You just take care of that intersection. [siren wailing] The suspect is holed up at number 227, using a shotgun. Davis, you go down the other end and stop traffic. Reed handles this end. Bryant, you and Stevens evacuate the houses on this side of the street. The rest of you, let's get this place sealed off and hold your positions. No hero stuff. [radio chattering] [tires screeching] Wounded Officer is in the back seat of this car. He was hit by a shotgun. [radio chattering] Lay it out for me, Malloy. Suspect's holed up in that house using a shotgun. Wells got hit when he crossed in front of the window. We've got traffic stopped at both ends of the street. Place is sealed off. Bryant and Stevens are clearin' out the houses on this side of the street. Okay, all we've got left is getting him out of there. Get the gas kit ready, I'll see if he wants to walk out. You want to go down to that second house, get the people out. Move them up to this end of the street. Hold it. [ambulance wailing] This is the police. I will say this just one time, so listen hard. You are completely surrounded. I want you to come out of that door with your hands in the air. If you do not come out I will order tear gas and shotgun fire. This is your only warning. You have 30 seconds. All right, let's move in. [canister clinks] Evidence, arrest, [phone ringing] And crime report. Is that it? Except for a 15-7 to the station fund. Hmm? We got a couple of jackets to replace. I could use some help. How about you? Yeah. Sure glad Jean won't see it like this. She might worry. She'd be a lot more worried if you were in it. I wonder who had to tell Ed's wife? I did. I picked her up at home. It's a 20 mile drive to the hospital. Kind of a rough trip for her. How's he doing, Sarge? He's gonna be out of circulation for a month or more. Shoulder and arm are pretty well torn up. He's out of danger then? Oh, yeah, no problem. He's alert as a jack rabbit. A little worried about tomorrow. What about tomorrow? Well, the buckshot. It's still in him. They've got to dig out about 10 or 12 more pieces. How's Betty taking it? Okay. She settled right down as soon as she saw he was all right. Started chewing him out for not being more careful. Finish out the watch in this car. You won't have any new windows in yours till tomorrow. You two used your heads out there. Did a good job. I'll see this one gets in your package. Oh, incidentally, when you finish those reports, drop by the P. and F. Ward. Wells wants to see you. Hello, Sally, they workin' you hard? It'd be a lot easier if you boys would stop getting in the way of shotguns. I suppose you're here to see old talking Ed Wells? Would it be all right? If I said no, you'd probably sneak in anyway. Aw, Sally, you know us better than that. Sure I do. He's in Ward Three. Ten minutes now, or I'll have your necks. Thanks Sally. Hi, Betty. How's he doing? Hi. He's okay now. It sure gave me a scare though. This is my partner, Jim Reed. Betty Wells. Hi. Nice to meet you, Jim. Is he, uh, still awake? Oh, yes. He's talking a mile a minute. Pete, Ed told me what happened, and I want to thank you both. I don't know what I'd do if I'd lost him. Hey, come on now. You said yourself he was fine. I'm just a big baby. Still tryin' to learn how to be a policeman's wife after four years. I think you're doing great. How are the children? Fine. Ed's mother is taking care of them. Which reminds me, I better get back. Do you need a ride? It's all taken care of. The efficiency of the Police Department, you know. It was nice meeting you, Jim. Pete. Take care of yourselves. Say hi to the kids for me. Will do. [door opens] [door shuts] Well, uh, here comes a couple of real crime fighters. How'd you two guys get in here? Did you bribe Sally? No, we promised to tape your mouth closed so she could get some work done. With her, I can't get a word in edgewise. How are you feelin'? Great, except for the company. Motor officers, a whole room full of two-wheel jocks. You know, their war stories are bad enough. Now, they're trying to sign me up to ride motors. For you, that'd be suicide. I don't know. Might be exciting. I met your wife out in the hall. Nice gal. Yeah. Yeah, she's tops. Ah, I don't know. She worries too much though. With good reason, three kids, a home, and a nut like you for a husband. You almost made her a widow today. A widow... No chance. I'm not gonna let her get rid of me that easy. Besides, how am I gonna get knocked off with you guys around to take care of me? Well, we might not be around next time. Well, Pete, if it isn't you, I guess I'll, uh, just have to depend on old lady luck. You know, this one reminds me of that time I captured that bank bandit. Lever tell you two guys about that? No, we'd better get back on the air. Tell your roommates about it. Thanks a lot for dropping by, fellas. (Wells) Okay, you guys, now here's how it went. (Wells) There I am standin' there, and this guy is comin' down on me with a sawed-off shotgun. So I say to myself, "Ed, it is becoming blatantly obvious that this man is not the bearer of glad tales." That guy has got to be out of his mind. This thing didn't even shake him. The word's maturity, Jim. He hasn't grown up yet. And it's even money in my book whether he'll live long enough to get there. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 