Adam-12: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adam-12 
 s1e5 - Log 91: You're Not the First Guy's Had the Problem - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adam-12 (1968–1975): Season 1, Episode 5 - Log 91: You're Not the First Guy's Had the Problem - full transcript 
 Reed's ability to focus on his job is put to the test when his close friend and fellow academy partner is critically wounded during a robbery. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, possible 459 suspects there now. 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 415 man with a gun. 1-Adam-12, a 415, fight group with chains and knives. 1-Adam-12, no warrant. Lincoln, X-Ray, Ida 483. Take a look at this, Jim. Hey, how many reels you got now? Just three. I've been wanting to get this one for a long time. It's a beauty, ain't it, huh? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sure is. How about letting me try it out this weekend? Oh sure, no sweat. By the way, you wanna take your car or ours? Doesn't matter. We're gonna split the gas. Let's take ours. All right. (Stenzler) We're going to the coffee room. (Reed) See you at roll call. Oh, Stenzler, bring me a cup, will you? How's your boy coming along? Oh, Stenzler? Well, I don't have to tell him the same thing more than four times. Uh, that's in any one watch, you understand. Nah, he'll be all right. What about yours? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He catches on real quick. I can hardly wait till next week. I think by then he's going to be tellin' me how it's done. [yawning] Well, I tell you... I couldn't get to sleep last night. I went right through the alarm this morning. I was due in court, so I had to skip breakfast. Yeah, but you got your four hours court time. Well, it took me five hours to do it. [female dispatcher chattering on radio] Looks like we'll take our car. How far are you gem"? Bishop. We'll leave right after we get off watch Thursday. Pick up our wives. It's a pretty fair drive. Jean didn't want to go. But Stenzler and I have these two days coming and if we don't take them now she's gonna be too far along. When the baby gets here, there's no telling when we'll be able to go. Besides, the fishing's good up there now. Yellow Buick. Still there from yesterday. If they haven't moved it late, we'll check it out. Jean gets some of the darndest ideas. I mean last week I was working in the garage, had the carjacked up. I knocked over some paint cans and she came tearin' out, all excited. Thought the car had fallen on me. I guess, now that she's pregnant, that has a lot to do with it. (male dispatcher) All units in the vicinity. Officer needs help. 9226, Van Arden. Shots fired. 1-Adam-12. Handle Code 3. 1-Adam-12, roger. [siren blaring] (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-16. The ambulance is on the way. We would have to be halfway across the District. [siren continues blaring] [tires screeching] [female dispatcher chattering on radio] Clear right. [female dispatcher chattering on radio] Stenzler. Is that the fella? Yeah. (Malloy) Just the one? (Walters) That's all I saw. Keep the people back. I think Stenzler's hurt real bad. Did both shots come from the parking lot, Walters? I think so. Right after we made the corner down there I heard the first shot. You can see where it hit the hood. I couldn't see anything at first. Then I heard another shot, just as we were getting out. I saw that. I saw it hit Stenzler. He was over behind that Dodge. And I hollered at him and he made for the fence. He turned and fired at me. I fired back and he went down. Anybody checked the area, Sergeant? Just real fast. Go ahead. Better look up the alley. He might have a car back there somewhere. (Malloy) Right. Reed! [siren blaring] Suspect's dead? Take the alley. 1-L-30. Code 4 at 9226, Van Arden. [female dispatcher chattering on radio] (Sergeant) Malloy! I'll have to go tell Stenzler's wife. (Sergeant) We're covered here. You better get back on patrol. You'll have to cover this district, too. (Malloy) Yeah. Take it easy, Bill. Yeah. [car engine starts] Day after tomorrow, we were going up to Bishop... the four of us. So you said. [sighing] Boy. Stenzler and I went through the Academy together. I knew him even before that. [siren approaching] He'll be all right, don't you think? I mean, they can do a lot these days. I don't know. I'm not a doctor. [female dispatcher chattering on radio] (Malloy) Looks like a deuce up ahead. We better pull him over. You take him. Keep your mind on what you're doin'. Can I see your license, please? What's the trouble, Officer? It took us four blocks to stop you. Take it out of the wallet, please. I didn't see you. Can I have your registration, Mr. Delman? Two blocks back you made a right turn from the wrong lane. Before that, you cut off a pedestrian in the cross walk. Floyd Delman. I'd like you to go stand on the sidewalk. Hey, just a minute. Listen, I admit I had a couple of drinks, but I'm all right. Yes, sir. If you'd get out of the car, please. What's the matter? Didn't you make your quota today? I'd like you to go stand on the sidewalk, sir. There you see, I told you I was all right. You're doin' fine, Mr. Delman. Let's go the rest of the way. You know, I put one guy down today. Guy at the office has been tryin' to knife me. Put him down at lunch, and I put him down good. You know what you cops are? Psychological cripples! We'll talk about it later. You get rid of those badges and those little blue suits, and I'd clean up both of you. Let's take care of this first. I'm gonna give you a field sobriety test, Mr. Delman. I'll be watching your ability to understand and obey my instructions. The test is in three parts. Hi, Russo. Hey Malloy. What've you got here? A deuce? Yeah. Heard any more about Stenzler? No, uh, I was gonna ask you. Seemed like a nice guy, too. Is he married? Yeah. No children. My wife claims that I'm too sinful to get hurt. But after this for the next two weeks, she'll be sitting up every morning when I get home. (female dispatcher) 9-L-18 and 9-L-38. 9-L-18, 9-L-38. Well, see you. To test your sense of balance, you'll stand in this manner: Feet together, hands at your sides, eyes closed and tilt your head back. He hasn't heard anything about Stenzler either. Go ahead. You gave him his rights? Yeah. What've you been drinking? Bourbon. Do you know where you are now? Uh, Tartan-a'? I'm afraid not. When was your last meal? Lunch. When did you start drinking? Lunch. Without looking at your watch, what time is it? 3:30. Say, I better be gettin' back to the office. It's after 6:00, Mr. Delman. Sir, I'm gonna give you a chemical test. If you refuse, your license can be suspended for six months. You understand that? No needles. You've done this before, huh? How about the Breathalyzer? Yeah. That's the one. Mr. Delman, are you under the care of a doctor or dentist? No. Are you takin' any drugs or medicines? No. Do you have any physical defects? I've got a touch of bursitis. Okay, Mr. Delman, wait in here, please. Do you wanna call your wife? Is it okay? Yeah, go ahead. I'll finish up. I don't know what to tell her. I mean I just don't know how she's gonna take it. [phone ringing] [sighs] One-eight on the Breathalyzer. Okay. We got a little more on the shooting. Just gave it to the reporters. Fellow's name was Daniel Mermet. Last week, Pete Clemens, on the Special Squad, busted a guy at that market. Shoplifting. I remember that. Four or five other guys came chargin' up and gave him a hard time. That's right. Said they'd make trouble, if he didn't kick the fella loose. Well, Mermet was one of them. The manager of the store identified him. Did you get ahold of her? She said she might go to her sister's but there wasn't any answer there. Let's get this guy booked. It's probably just as well. By the time I get her, I might have something definite to tell her. Good news, maybe. You haven't heard, then? I guess, what we heard, when we got back here, he's in surgery. Lieutenant called about 10 minutes ago. They don't know for sure, but even if Stenzler makes it, they think he's gonna be paralyzed. We only live about a mile from them. See a lot of each other. Three days out of the week, I guess, Jean's over there at their place or on the phone with Beth. That's Stenzler's wife. [female dispatcher chattering on radio] You're lettin' it eat at you. I've tried to bring it up a few times, the chances of gettin' hurt on the job, all that. It's one of those things, you know, real loaded. I can't even get her to talk about it. This is gonna be rough. Like it happened to one of the family. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12. 1-Adam-12. An ADW. See the manager. 1017 North Peterson. Code 2. 1-Adam-12, roger. I wanted to call an ambulance, but they wouldn't listen to me. I said they should at least wait until you fellas got here. No. They said they were friends of his. So they lugged him out to the car, the three of 'em. They said they'd take him to a hospital. Central Receiving? Well, it's the nearest one. How long ago was that? Oh, 10 minutes, maybe. Call the hospital. Maybe they're still there, if that's where they went. Is there a pay phone inside? Well use mine, back there on the desk. Thank you, sir. Did you hear them arguing, anything like that? No, no. Not at first. They came in, the four of them. Just playin' pool at that table. And they had a few beers, you know. Oh, there was some back and forth over the scores. But that happens all the time and I didn't pay any attention to it. And then they got loud, and then rough. They came up here to the door and pow! This one guy whacks the other one along side the head with his cue. That's where he went down. I'll have to take that along, sir. Yes. Do you know any of their names? No. They've never been in before. He's at the hospital. Three fellows just left him and took off. We'll go talk to him. Hey, I'm so sorry to hear about that officer gettin' shot. It's on the news? Don't you fellas know? We haven't heard anything in over an hour. Well, they just said it happened over on Van Arden. This young officer, right out of the Academy, working this Division. Didn't they give his name? No. Thanks. We may be back. Did they say if his family had been notified yet? No, they didn't mention it. What are you here for, Malloy? An ADW, Lieutenant. The victim's name is Ritty. Somebody laid his head open a couple of inches. They're sewing him up now. He doesn't want to make a complaint. He says it was more like an accident. Claims he doesn't really know the guy that hit him. He just doesn't want any more trouble. Any luck? I even tried the station. Seems quite a few of the other wives have called in, though. Lieutenant, would it be possible for me to talk to Mrs. Stenzler for a minute? No. I gave her somethin' to knock her out, put her to bed. Right now, she's better off that way. I suppose Jean and her sister could've gone to a movie. Yeah. Well, by now, they've probably had Stenzler's name on the news. In any case, all your wife has to do is call the station. They'll tell her it wasn't you. Yeah. Something like this, the problems that go with it. Maybe gettin' hurt yourself. Is that why you've never gotten married? No. I mean, that'd be a pretty stupid reason. I guess, I just never found anybody that looked like she'd worry enough about me. N'[music playing] What I keep thinking is suppose next week, next month, Jean tells me she can't take it anymore, worrying all the time. What do I do then? Well, you could always try the Department of Weights and Measures. Thanks. Of course, it's a little risky. I heard about a guy that dropped a weight on his foot. I'm not about to quit the job, I'll tell you that. Yeah. Now, let's get back to work. [car engine starts] Is that red Ford parked the wrong way? It's got a bike in the trunk. It's not on the hot sheet. They're takin' off. [tires screeching] [crickets chirping] Let me have your license and registration, please. Sure, Officer. This your present address, Frank? That's right. The car is registered to you? Yes, sir. Step out of the car a minute, please. Put your arms on the fenders, step back and spread your legs. What for? I'm gonna search you for a weapon. [laughing] Are you kidding? Do I look like I've got a gun? Suppose you let me decide that. Hands on the car. Spread your legs. Okay, you wanna turn around now? You wanna step over this way? Come on, let's go. (Malloy) You took off pretty fast, when you saw us. We were getting ready to pull out anyway. What were you doin' back there? Looking for an address. What address? 6204. L, uh, met this guy who lives there by the name of Mike. He's got some real groovy records. I must've gotten the wrong street. This is good. You'll get this in a minute. What've you guys been doing tonight? We came up here to see some girls. You wanna give me their names, tell me where you were gonna meet 'em? I don't know. You'll have to see Frank about that. They're dames that he knows. I just came along for the ride. What about that bike? What about it? I've never seen it before. You didn't notice it, sticking out like that? That's right. You better ask Frank about that. Who's your friend? [chuckling] That's, uh, Mark Leslie. I picked him up this evening. What time? Around 6:00. What've you been doing since then? Just drivin' around. Where? Burbank mostly. We stopped and had something to eat. What was the name of the place? Uh, Pink Whistle. Somethin' like that. Aren't you sure? Pretty sure, it was the Pink Whistle. I heard over the radio about that officer being shot. That's too bad. That's your bike? [chuckling] No. That's my kid brother's. He had it in the repair shop. I picked it up for him this afternoon. That's where we were going. Jus-Just taking it home. You've been drivin' around with it all evening? Yes, sir. You're a long way from home, Frank. Long way from Burbank, too. Wanna step back to the rear of the car? Sure. Wait here a minute. He says the other one knows a couple of girls that live around here. But they talked it over and decided it was too late. Doesn't know anything about the bike. Now, we're getting different stories. Yeah. What do you think we got here? I don't know. But we got something. Run 'em for a want. Right. (Reed) This is 1-Adam-12. Requesting want only on Henry, Ida, Boy. (Malloy) Freeze! [grunting] [dog barks in distance] All right, the other one. Take it easy. You stupid jerk. You all right? Yeah. Get over there. [phone ringing] Stenzler's dead. Well, she wants me to stop by the hospital when I get off. See if Beth Stenzler needs anything. She might wanna come and stay with us for a few days. Then Jean started crying. [female dispatcher chattering on radio] We're sure gonna have that talk now. Yeah. I think we can handle it, though. You can tell about these things, you know. No, I don't know. It's the tone of voice, the way she talks. We both know how we feel about it. That'll be something at least. You'll work it out. You aren't the first guy that's had the problem. I guess not. And you won't be the last. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12. 1-Adam-12. See the woman. A family dispute at 4563 Redford. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 