Giada's Holiday Handbook: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook 
 s2e5 - Christmas Sing Along - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Christmas Sing Along - full transcript 
 Giada De Laurentiis throws a pre-Christmas party for the kids; holiday sing-along; cherry chicken flautas; veggie noodle salad; chocolate-covered chips; apple pie soda a la mode; kid-friendly recipes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  -Got it.  -Brava! GIADA: I love the holidays.  Yeah! And I also love to entertain. [ Laughter ] In fact, over the years, I've gathered together  my favorite recipes and ideas to create a one-of-a-kind  holiday handbook. It's filled with pages and pages  of cherished recipes and menus, unique party themes, cocktails for every occasion, and some really fun  decorating ideas. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Whether it's a classic  Thanksgiving dinner, open house, or Christmas with the kids, I have everything you need to make the party truly sparkle. -Cin cin.  -Cheers. Everybody ready to sing  "Jingle Bells"? Jade and I are getting  into the holiday groove with a Christmas sing-along.  ♪ Jingle all the way ♪ We've got festive music,  crazy-fun props, and kid-friendly treats. -So good.  -I know. GIADA: Plus, I'm digging  into my handbook to share some of my favorite  recipes, tips, and ideas for making the party  a rocking good time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Nice job!  Nice job, nice job! It's my Christmas sing-along... ♪ And a happy new year ♪ ...and you're invited. ♪♪ Jade loves to sing and perform. And Julian, my nephew, loves to play the piano. So they're both  very musical kids. And Jade, for the longest time,  has asked me why we don't go door to door  singing carols. I thought, well, if she loves  to do all that, why to just do  a sing-along "holiday" party, Christmas party, and invite all her friends  and the parents and do something  really festive and fun that the kids would enjoy,  and so would the adults, and create another  Christmas memory? My secret for success is making it  all about the music, with holiday songs, instruments, and decorations that blend  harmoniously with the theme. And that goes  for the menu, too -- finger foods  for the kids to enjoy while singing their hearts out. So, I thought, "Okay,  so I want to create a menu that Jade's gonna like the food, but that the adults  can enjoy, as well," finger food, because we all  just want to sit around and sing and play  and enjoy music together. And I've got a little  something for everyone. Crispy chicken taquitos, my colorful noodle salad, chocolate dipped chips, and apple pie soda. We make chicken taquitos  once a week. Jade loves the crispy crust. I just get rotisserie chicken, I season it with a little cumin  to give it some warmth, and some tomato  and some cheddar cheese. And then I put it  in the flour tortillas, and I pan-fry them,  shallow fry them. And then I just had sour cream and tomato sauce  for them to dip in. All kids like. It's great. So, I'm just grating  1 cup of cheddar cheese. And we're gonna put it  right on top of 2 cups of rotisserie chicken. So, I just got a regular chicken  from the grocery store, and you could also make  your own chicken if you want to. 1/2 teaspoon of cumin. And cumin just kind  of warms up the dish. So...  [ Sighs ] It gives it  sort of a holiday warmth, and it's really good in here. And it's kind of traditional  in taquitos or flautas. Depending on what part of Mexico or Central America  or South America you're from, they have  different names for it. Sometimes it's taquito,  sometimes it's flautas, and they stuff them with pork,  with beef, with veggies. Then we're gonna add 1/2 cup of some salsa,  plain salsa. You could also use tomato sauce.  In fact, a lot of times I switch between the salsa  and the tomato sauce for Jade, depending on what  I've got in the house. Here we go. And you just need a little bit  to bind the chicken and the cheese together. And I've already started  heating up my vegetable oil. You want to get it nice and hot before you stick  the taquitos in there. Get a nice, crispy crust. Okay. So, now... I'm gonna grab  a flour tortilla -- nice and soft, nice and light,  and very pliable. So you want to make sure  you get those kind. Then I take some  of the chicken filling -- Nice rotisserie chicken here. And, really, you could use  any meat you have left over. You could even make seafood taquitos if you want to, with a little shrimp  or some salmon, really anything you want. Okay, so, just lay it out  like that. Try not to overstuff it.  You don't want to overstuff it, 'cause otherwise, it'll just  kind of squirt out the sides. And then you take it... Wrap it. Grab a toothpick,  and what you do is, you just stick  the toothpick through so that it holds  the flour tortilla together. Right? The vegetable oil  is nice and hot, and we're just gonna  put this right in here. And they start to fry up.  [ Sizzling ] And they take about  two to three minutes, and you want to rotate them  depending on how much oil you  put in your pan. But that's the kind of sizzle  you're looking for. And the great thing about these is that you can make them  in advance if you want to, and you can even  keep them heated in the oven or you can just reheat them  in a 250-degree oven for a few minutes, just to kind of bring them back. And you can serve them  with tomato sauce, with more salsa, guacamole -- It kind of depends.  Whatever you want. Look at that gorgeous baby. Ooh, this one's good, too. Look at that. I'm sorry, but it smells  really good in here. All right, so,  I want those to cool. I'm gonna continue to fry  the rest of my taquitos. And, up next, I'm gonna get  started on my noodle salad. It's a playful twist on pasta. And later, a take-home gift  that truly rocks. GIADA: It's almost time  for my Christmas sing-along. ♪ Fa-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la ♪ My secret for success is  making it all about the music. So I created a menu  of finger foods that are easy to eat  while singing and playing instruments. My make-ahead taquitos are done  and staying warm in the oven. Time to start on  my colorful noodle salad. I took sweet-potato noodles that are gluten free,  and I cooked them, and I tossed them  with fresh vegetables, and I made a nice,  sweet honey mustard sauce that the kids could enjoy, too.  Then I thought, "I could put them  in little paper cups, make it really easy." Something light,  something festive, something fun but easy to eat. I'll start with  my honey mustard dressing. I combine 1 1/2 tablespoons  of honey with 1 tablespoon  of Dijon mustard. I add a little Greek yogurt,  apple cider vinegar, and whisk all together. So, I'm spiralizing my carrot  for my noodle salad, and these things are fun. You get these fun,  little spaghetti-like noodles, and they're made  out of carrots. You can do it from beets.  You can kind of do it with a lot of different  vegetables. Zucchini's really popular,  summer squash. And it just kind of  does it for you. ♪♪ Look how cute these are. They are little  carrot noodles. I think the kids are gonna  like these. They're super fun. It's become very popular. Okay. So, I'm gonna get  all the carrot noodles on top of  my honey mustard dressing, which is gonna be nice  and sweet and tangy, which is perfect  for all the veg. And we're also gonna add... Look at these.  Oh, yeah. Sweet-potato noodles. So, this is a gluten-free  noodle dish. This is a Korean noodle that they use a lot  in Korean soups and stuff -- perfect for any kid  with a gluten allergy. And you can use  any noodle you want. We are going to cut a red pepper. So, lots of colors. It's the holidays. I want them  to enjoy eating vegetables, but I want to make is as fun  as possible for them. So I'm gonna do  a little red pepper. Jade loves them. It's sweet,  and it adds great color. So, we're just gonna  julienne this. So, everything is sort of  in a noodle shape. Right? Nice and raw. Great. Red pepper in. Super pretty. Next, cucumber. So, I'm trying to use  the vegetables that Jade really likes.  So, she loves cucumbers. She loves red peppers.  She loves carrots. And that's sort of  the trick to this, is using lots of colors  of vegetables, but you want to stick to stuff that your kids are gonna eat. And this is really refreshing, so that's kind of  the thought behind it. You just want  to peel the cucumber. Then we take the peeler,  and here we go. You make long,  little strands just like this. Super easy.  Again, looks like spaghetti, and you just go all the way  around the cucumber until you get to the core,  and then you're done. Okay. A little bit of salt  to season everything and, last but not least,  cranberries. Sweet cranberries. Jade eats these  as her snack sometimes. So, we're gonna use  a bunch of cranberries. Cranberries remind me  of the holidays. They're like little gems  and jewels, and they glisten. And, so... I love them on anything. Anytime I'm looking for, like,  some fun sweetness with a bite, I go to cranberries  or pomegranates. They're, like,  my two go-to ingredients. And then you just toss it  all together with the dressing. And you've got this  fantastic, little noodle salad full of fun colors  and fun flavors. Mix it all together. Everything's got a little  coating of the dressing. Let's see here. Mmm. Sweet and tangy. Super fun. Okay.  So, my noodle salad's done. I love clever cups and napkins,  especially for a kids' party. For my sing-along, I found  inexpensive paper napkins that hit the perfect note. And my musical-themed paper cups  are perfect for the noodles. It allows the kids  to eat, sing, and easily move around the room. Up next...  Ho, ho, ho! ...Santa Claus  is coming to town. And he's bringing potato chips  dipped in chocolate. Oh, yeah. And later, the beat goes on  with my apple pie sodas. GIADA: I'm opening up  my Holiday Handbook to share my favorite ideas,  recipes, and tips for a Christmas  sing-along with the kids. ♪ Good tidings for Christmas  and a happy new year ♪ My secret for success is  making it all about the music. I'm doing that with a festive  playlist, fun instruments, and a menu of easy-to-eat  finger foods. I've got crispy  chicken taquitos, a vibrant noodle salad, and everyone's favorite --  my chocolate-dipped chips. Something that,  every time I make, that people just fall  madly in love with are my chocolate-dipped chips. So, I take different  types of chips -- potato chips, pretzel chips, and I dip them  in melted chocolate. You could do dark chocolate,  milk chocolate. Then I take colorful  Christmas sprinkles that you would use for cookies, and I just sprinkle them on them  when they're still wet and then let them set  in the fridge. Kids freak over them.  They absolutely love them. It's such a fun play  on sweet and savory. Kids just think  it's just a blast. "How could you dip  a chip in chocolate?" Like, "That's just  revolutionary." So, again, something  that's so easy but just lights them up. ♪♪ Look at this chocolate.  See how beautiful that is? Melted over a double boiler. In order to keep  the chocolate nice and silky, even when it hardens, I add  a little bit of vegetable oil. So, a couple tablespoons  of vegetable oil. Yeah, that's kind of the trick. You mix that right in there. And remember,  when you melt chocolate, you want to do it low and slow, and you don't want  the bottom of the bowl to actually touch  the simmering water. You just want the heat  of the water to melt the chocolate. That way, the cocoa and the butterfat  of the chocolate chips stays intact, and it gets shiny,  just like that. Okay, I'm gonna  turn this off now. So, I have different  varieties of chips. You can use and kind of chips  your family likes. I've got some  regular potato chips, I have some pretzel chips, and then I have these,  like, little, light, crispy, like, rice chips. So, you can kind of do  whatever you like. So, you take the chip, you dip it  in the melted chocolate, let the excess chocolate  kind of just drip off, and then you put it  on a baking sheet. I lined the baking sheet  with parchment paper, 'cause we're gonna pop these  in the fridge afterwards to let the chocolate set. So, you want  to dip them gently. And I just do a half a chip. This is fun for kids to do, too. Jade enjoys doing this. She also enjoys licking all  the chocolate out of the bowl. So -- But you've got  to be careful, 'cause it is warm. Nice and glisteny. Yeah. All right, so, once you do that, then you can  kind of sprinkle them with whatever kind  of decoration you want. So, I have red and green,  some fun things. And anything you sprinkle on top  of the chocolate will stick, as long as it hasn't set yet. So, you have to do it  while it's still warm. That's kind of the ticket. Then, we can do  a little flake salt right here. Make it pretty. These little stars  are really cute, too. So, you just have to see  what you can find. All right, so, I'm gonna dip the  rest of my chips and pretzels. Then I'm gonna pop these  in the fridge to let them set. And all I have left to make now  is my apple-pie sodas. It's a drink  and dessert all in one. And later, we're rocking  around the Christmas tree with some of my  favorite holiday tunes. GIADA: I'm digging into  my Holiday Handbook to share some of my best ideas for a Christmas sing-along  with the kids. And one of the best ways  to get into the holiday spirit is by dressing for the occasion. I asked everybody to sort of  wear their Christmas-wear, whether it's, like,  just a red t-shirt or, Jade has these fun,  like, snowman pants, Christmas sweatshirt -- whatever  it is they wanted to wear. Then, I got  a bunch of accessories that you can get pretty  inexpensively online and fun glasses that I made my sister wear. Reindeer ears, Christmas lights  that light up as necklaces -- I think those are  always super fun. Conversation starters, things that make kids  really have a great time and allow them  to sort of indulge in their creativity. JULIAN: I can't reach it.  Can someone pass me a chip, pretzel or a chip? Let me pass a chip to Juju. Juju and a chip! It's a chip and choc--  Oh, wow. Yeah.  It's chips and pretzels dipped in chocolate  and decorated. Delicious. Jade, do you remember  doing this with me? -Yes.  -Yes. Yes. All right, I want a --  I want a taquito. What about eating  some noodles? -I'll have some.  -Noodle salad. -I'm doing it with you.  -What? Oh, you guys can dip it  in the salsa or the sour cream. Do it all the way  around, too. Who needs  the sheet music? -I just have one for fun.  -Okay. Lulu, help us.  Mom, ready? -These are very good.  -Oh, good. Oh, good. Everybody ready  to sing "Jingle Bells"? -♪ Jingle bells ♪  -♪ Dashing through the snow ♪ ♪ On a one-horse open sleigh ♪ ♪ O'er the fields we go ♪ Who's a good singer? -♪ Laughing all the way ♪  -Ha! ♪ Bells on bobtails ring ♪ Are you singing? ♪ Making spirits bright ♪ ♪ What fun it is to ride ♪ ♪ And sing  a sleighing song tonight ♪ ♪ Oh, jingle bells ♪ Come on, why am I  the only one singing? ♪ Jingle all the way ♪ ♪ Oh, what fun it is to ride ♪ ♪ In a one-horse open sleigh,  hey ♪ ♪ Jingle bells, jingle bells ♪ ♪ Jingle all the way ♪ ♪ Oh, what fun it is to ride ♪ ♪ In a one-horse open sleigh ♪ Bravo! Nice job! Nice job, nice job! -Bravo, Julian.  -Yay! Jade and I have  certain holiday songs, Christmas music, we love. I burned everybody  a little CD of our playlist that I thought would be fun  for everybody to listen to. And then, because I can  never remember all the words in all the Christmas songs, a book with all the lyrics from  all the famous Christmas songs that everybody could  follow along and take home. So that, when you're  just humming the song 'cause you don't  remember the words, you can actually refresh  your memory with those books. ♪ Fa-la-la-la-la, la-la, la-la ♪ ♪ 'Tis the season to be jolly ♪ ♪ Fa-la-la-la-la la-la la-la ♪ ♪ Don we now our gay apparel ♪ ♪ Fa-la-la la-la-la la-la-la ♪ ♪ Troll the ancient  yuletide carol ♪ -♪ Fa-la-la-la-la la-la la-la ♪  -Thank goodness for Devin. -La!  -Yay! Then I make  my apple pie sodas. So, I use caramel ice cream and then I do  a little apple juice and a little bit of club soda  to give it some effervescence. But I thought the caramel  ice cream was a little richer and very much  the holiday spirit, you know? It gets them super excited, but it's just fun  and festive and casual. I started with  the whipped cream. 1/2 cup of heavy cream,  sugar, and cinnamon that I whip up  until light and fluffy. Then a scoop of salted  caramel ice cream... ...a splash of apple cider,  club soda, and a dollop of whipped cream. To make it look really pretty, I garnish it with  a few apple slices. All right. -Thank you.  -Yeah. -Oh, yeah, sure.  -I'll come in. Ah, there we go.  There we go. Jadie wishes myself  a merry Christmas Can you hand one  to Sonny, please? There we go. -Thank you.  -There we go. Who's missing? Oh, Ella, I'm coming, baby. Yep, there you go, Ella. How is it? -Good.  -It's delicious. Wait, is there apple cider  in this? What does it taste like? -Cinnamon.  -Apple pie. Apple pie, yay! Very good.  Yes. Caramel ice cream, apple juice, a little soda,  a little soda water, and whipped cream  that has cinnamon in it. -Yum.  -That's what I tasted. Yeah, right? It makes it  taste so good. One, two, three. ♪ We wish you  a merry Christmas ♪ ♪ We wish you a merry  Christmas ♪ ♪ We wish you  a merry Christmas ♪ ♪ And a happy new year ♪ It's fun. I think they love  sharing their own talents with each other. -See these three fingers?  -Delilah? Delilah! ♪ Good tidings to you  and all of your kin ♪ ♪ Good tidings for Christmas  and a happy new year ♪ And watching each kid sort of take their turn  at the keyboard, watching everybody sing, it makes you feel  like a family, you know, and that's what the holidays  are all about. ♪ We wish you  a merry Christmas ♪ ♪ And a happy new year ♪ [ All cheering ]  Whoo! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 