Giada's Holiday Handbook: Season 3, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook 
 s3e2 - Giada's Turkey Day Feast - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook (2015–…): Season 3, Episode 2 - Giada's Turkey Day Feast - full transcript 
 Giada has a step-by-step approach for planning and executing Thanksgiving, as she starts preparations three days in advance. The make-ahead menu includes lemon and pea alfredo; sweet and ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  -Ta-da!  -Ooh! GIADA: I love the holidays. Go, Igor, go! And I also love to entertain. Ohh! In fact, over the years,  I've gathered together my favorite recipes and ideas to create a one-of-a-kind  holiday handbook. It's filled with pages and pages  of cherished recipes and menus, unique party themes,  cocktails for every occasion... To the holidays.  -Cheers! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...and some really fun  decorating ideas. Whether it's a classic Thanksgiving dinner, open house, or Christmas with the kids... Jade Marie! ...I have everything you need to make the party truly sparkle. WOMAN: Merry Christmas,  you guys. Merry Christmas.  Merry Christmas. Today, I'm hosting Thanksgiving  dinner for my family... I like the pasta  and the turkey. ...and making a menu  of holiday favorites. I always love your salads.  So good. So good. Plus, I'm digging into  my handbook to share some tried-and-true ideas for making  the holidays extra special. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Happy Thanksgiving ♪  -Happy Thanksgiving. Nice  to be all together. It's my Turkey Day Feast,  and you're invited. The key of Thanksgiving  is to be organized. I like to plan a week  in advance -- making a shopping list, planning out plates  and all the decorations. And I think what's also  really helpful to take some of the stress away  from Thanksgiving is to delegate, taking some of the pressure off, and that way,  you're not in the kitchen making everything last minute  while all your friends and family are outside  having a good time. -Whoa.  -Ohh! In our case, we like  to play bocce ball, and I would like to participate. -There it is.  -Whoa. -Nice.  -Ohh! GIADA: The sides are usually  the things I delegate out whenever I know that someone  likes to make something, so they feel like  they're contributing. It's Thanksgiving,  so everybody's giving thanks and coming together. This year's menu  offers an Italian twist. My mascarpone cannoli cheesecake is a make-ahead dessert  that's always a hit. I'm going all out  with my succulent prosciutto-wrapped turkey. For the pasta lovers,  I've got lemon and pea Alfredo. And for a light taste of fall,  my sweet and savory kale salad. ♪♪ Cheesecake is phenomenal 'cause it only gets better  the longer it sits. You can make it up to two,  three days in advance. The cheese filling -- it's  mascarpone and cream cheese. You need that mixture  of the tang with the creaminess  of the mascarpone. And mini chocolate chips. Kind of the feeling  and flavors of a cannoli, but in a cheesecake form. I top it with these baby  Italian cherries. It's stunning, and I think  it's the perfect ending to a decadent meal  like Thanksgiving. ♪♪ For the crust, I take  almond-flavored biscotti and put them in a food  processor with butter and salt. ♪♪ And then I press it in  the bottom of a spring-form pan and pop in the oven at 350  for about 8 minutes until you get  a light-golden crust. ♪♪ I've already put two 8-ounce  packages of cream cheese. Always got to have  the cream cheese. And you want that cream cheese that comes just  kind of like butter, 'cause the flavor and  the texture of the cheesecake will be fantastic. And you want to make sure  you get that flavor. All right, so,  we've got the sugar. So, we're going to add about  8 ounces of mascarpone. So, one part mascarpone,  two parts cream cheese. Remember, anytime you're baking, everything's got to be  at room temperature. Then we're gonna do a little  bit of vanilla extract. And I have to say that,  over the years, cannolis -- I love the filling  of the cannoli, but I'm not always such a fan  of the cannoli shell itself because the shells tend  to be a little bit stale. But the inside is so fluffy  and so flavorful, so that's what I'm going for. I'm going for the flavors of the cannoli cream in the cheesecake. Now I'm gonna add  a little bit of salt just to kind of balance  out the sweetness. Now we need  a little bit of lemon to sort of lighten everything. And my favorite cannolis  are made in Naples, and they make a filling  that has a lot of lemon, because they're in the south  and they grew a lot of lemons. So, it's nice and bright, and it  takes away any of the heaviness you would get from  these soft cheeses. And now we're gonna do the eggs. So, three eggs to just bind  the mixture together. And again, really important when  baking something like this that all of the ingredients  are at room temperature, so make sure you pull  them out in advance. Now we're gonna mix  this all together. Get it nice and fluffy. Go a little bit higher here. ♪♪ Then remember to scrape  the sides to make sure that everything's  blended really well, so all of the cream cheese and all of the mascarpone  is all together. There we go. And we're gonna just  mix it one last time, and then we're gonna add my favorite part,  which are the chocolate chips. And some of my favorite cannolis  always have either chocolate chips inside or chocolate chips  on the outside of it. I'm adding chocolate chips  into it, but I'm not adding  regular chocolate chips. I'm adding these little mini  chocolate chips. So, we're gonna do 3/4 cup  of mini chocolate chips, semi-sweet. And we're just gonna  kind of lightly mix it, 'cause you don't want  to break them up. There we go.  We're folding it in. And we'll pour it right  in the middle. Nice and creamy,  and it smells really good, too. Done. So, you just want it  to settle just like that. We're gonna pop this in a  325-degree oven for 45 minutes. ♪♪ Then, I put it in the fridge. You can make it up to two,  three days in advance. And then I top it  with baby Italian cherries soaked in syrup. It looks like red velvet pouring  over this white cheesecake. It's stunning. Up next, the star of the show -- a Thanksgiving Day turkey  wrapped in prosciutto. And later, some simple ideas  to make your holiday table truly sparkle. GIADA: I'm opening up my holiday  handbook to share my ideas, recipes, and tips  for Thanksgiving dinner. My secret for success is to be  as organized as possible. I do that by starting  a few days early and delegating side  dishes to my guests. My make-ahead mascarpone  cannoli cheesecake is chilling in the fridge. Time to get started  on the holiday turkey. A lot of times, turkey can be  the hero of the meal. It can also be the one  that people eat the least. And I feel like, yes, it needs  a lot of flavor added to it, but I think you can get  pretty creative with the bird. And it can look pretty gorgeous  and be really tasty. So this year, I once again tried  to come up with a new twist on making turkey. I dry-brined it. I took salt, red pepper flakes,  lemon zest, and thyme, and I rubbed it on the meat,  underneath the skin. I put herbs inside, shallots,  lemon and thyme and rosemary, and I put that  in the cavity of the bird. And then you throw it  in the fridge, and you leave it overnight, just so it can dry-brine  and absorb the flavor. The dry-brine really makes it a  lot easier to pop in the fridge and keep the fridge clean. Next day, I pull it out, and I wrap it  in thinly sliced prosciutto. ♪♪ My turkey's already  brined overnight, so now it's time  to wrap it in prosciutto. I just got pre-sliced  prosciutto, made it really easy on myself. And stick it to the turkey. And the prosciutto is  sort of sticky anyway, so you just want  to take the slices and just basically wrap  the turkey in the prosciutto, just like this. Don't worry about the prosciutto  breaking or anything. It'll add a lot of flavor  to the turkey. Plus, I think  it's really pretty. Work your way all  around the turkey. And I'm sort of giving it  a little Italian spin. A lot of times, you'll see it  wrapped in bacon. For a 14-pound turkey, you're gonna need about  12 slices of prosciutto. ♪♪ Pretty much the whole  bird is covered. And sometimes what I like to do is just stick a couple  of toothpicks in there, just to make sure that, as the prosciutto starts  to cook on the turkey, it doesn't come off. Just kind of holding it down  a little bit. Just a couple of them  in different places. Just one more on this side. It's like it's got  a little winter coat on. All right. The turkey is sitting on  just some celery stalks to keep it above the liquid, and also, the celery will flavor the gravy  we're gonna make later. A little bit of chicken broth,  about a cup, And I'm just put a piece  of parchment paper, and then I'm gonna cover  this up in tin foil. I'm putting a little  parchment paper so the tin foil doesn't touch  the actual prosciutto, 'cause you don't want it  to peel it off, and it also creates  more moisture in there, so it keeps the turkey  nice and moist. We're gonna put this in the oven  at 350 for 3 hours, and then I'm gonna up  the temperature to 400, take everything off, and let it get nice and crispy  for about 45 minutes. While that turkey's sitting,  you take the pan juices and you put them  in a different pot and you add maple syrup  and balsamic vinegar. And you let that reduce down and cook down for a few minutes. Sweet and tangy, which I think  is perfect over the turkey. ♪♪ I want to showcase the turkey  in a fun way, and since Jade loves to paint, I thought she could make us  something special. This year, I picked a platter,  and I had her do her fall-ish, Thanksgiving design. And I'm gonna use it  as my platter for my turkey. And it makes her  just really excited, and it makes her feel like  she's a part of Thanksgiving. Up next, it wouldn't be  Thanksgiving in my house without pasta. I'm making a family favorite. And later, a quick  and easy salad that's loaded with fall flavors. GIADA: I'm digging into  my holiday handbook to share some of my favorite Thanksgiving Day recipes  and ideas. Besides turkey, there's one dish  that's always on the menu. I love to make pasta  in the holidays, and it's sort of in the vein  of my grandfather, only because he always  had pasta at the table. I wanted to do something kind of  light but kind of decadent. I did sort of a spin on my lemon  spaghetti, and this time, I'm using fusilli con buco. It's a long corkscrew,  it has a hole in the center, and it's really festive  and fun and Jade loves it. It's really nice  for the holidays. Do a shape that  you don't normally do. And beautiful, vibrant,  green peas. I think that'll work really well  with the turkey. ♪♪ I'm just gonna melt  a little bit of butter and a little bit of olive oil for my lemon-pea Alfredo. And I have to say that  I really came up with this for my restaurant in Vegas, because my lemon spaghetti  became so popular, and I kind of wanted  to change it up a bit and give it a new spin. So, what we're gonna do is just  melt a little bit of butter with some olive oil and garlic. All right. We're gonna have to take  a little bit of pasta water, which is where  all the flavor is. We're gonna use about 1/2 cup of  pasta water in with the butter and the olive oil  to start creating a sauce. This is a really fast sauce. So, just kind of mix  that all together. You can start  to smell the garlic. Ahh. So, here we go. Let's grab the pasta. Turn it off, and we'll put it  directly into the pan. See how pretty this looks? Curly, curly Q's. ♪♪ All right, so, we've got  the pasta in the pan. Now, we're gonna add to the  pasta 1 1/2 cups of Parmigiano. And I've already grated  my Parmesan cheese. So, you can do a lot  of the legwork in advance and add all of the ingredients and not have to do much  work at the last minute. And some mascarpone. ♪♪ And I'll add all the mascarpone. So 2 1/2 cups of Parmesan cheese  and 1 cup of mascarpone. The combo will give you  that creamy Alfredo sauce taste and texture. Let's lighten it all up  with a little bit of lemon. So, we're gonna zest  a whole lemon, and then we're gonna juice  the lemon as well. Ahh.  It lightens up everything. Lemons are the best. Gonna add a little bit of salt. Season it. Actually, I can use this. And I want to toss  this together, and melt the mascarpone  and the Parmesan cheese with the pasta water  that we added earlier. ♪♪ Next, we're gonna do  1 cup of peas. I like the peas 'cause they  give it a nice, green color, and I think along in the table, I really like the vibrant,  green color. Then we're gonna add  some lemon juice. It's about a tablespoon, so it  kind of depends on the lemon that you have  and how juicy it is. Think this one we're gonna  do the whole thing. Kind of give it a nice,  bright, lemony flavor. Gonna toss it again. See how pretty this looks? And now, to really make it super  pretty and special for Thanksgiving, one of my favorite ingredients  lately -- pink peppercorns. They're very florally,  and they add a beautiful color. But they don't give,  like, hot spice, but just sort of warm spice and a wonderful aroma. It's sort of that  last ingredient that everybody talks about. Now, let's see here. Take a little bite. Mmm. Last sprinkle of salt. And that is it. My lemon and pea  Alfredo is done. ♪♪ I try to pull the plates  and platters in advance, just to make it easier  when I go to set the table. So, for this Thanksgiving,  I thought we'd stick to nature and have very natural colors. Linen table with  taupe border on it. I'm gonna set it up under this  California pepper tree outside. So I thought it would be nice  to have wood-stump chargers. Really feels earthy  and very outdoorsy in a way, but yet elegant. Gold utensils, gold cutlery,  white plates so that it makes the food pop. The napkins are sort of orangey,  so again, the colors are very fall-like. I also put little candied  apples at everybody's seat, 'cause I love candied apples. ♪♪ Up next, a holiday salad  that tastes like fall. And some simple ideas  to keep your guests entertained until turkey time. GIADA: It's almost time  for our Turkey Day Feast. This year, it's all  about being organized. That means making sure  your guests are entertained while you put the finishing  touches on the meal. -Okay, come on, Jules.  -Beautiful. -Nice.  -Perfect. -No!  -Ohh. WOMAN:  That's about to beat... It's become a family tradition  to play bocce ball anytime we're outside  for Thanksgiving. My grandparents used to play it. Something that's  very traditional in the Italian culture, to play that before  and after a meal. I like to set a little  antipasto platter, so that everybody can have  a little nibble here and there. But really, they save  the bulk of their hunger for the actual meal. -Come on, Jade.  -There it is. -Whoa.  -Nice. -Ohh!  -Ohh! GIADA: And then, I'm also  making a kale salad. I can make components  of the salad in advance. Like the sweet potatoes,  I roast them with the onion a day in advance. I cut the sweet potato into,  like, little half-moons. I roast them with pearl onions,  just olive oil and salt. Super simple. I make the dressing a day  in advance as well. I make a pomegranate-molasses  vinaigrette. The pomegranate molasses  is truly what makes it. A little Dijon, olive oil,  and it makes for a very rich, sweet, very elegant dressing. So, I think it works  really well with the kale and the sweet potato. ♪♪ I'm cutting my apple  for my salad, and we're just gonna put all  of the apple right on top. Just like this. Then I take the cooled  sweet potato and pearl onion. Got to have a little sweet  potato at Thanksgiving. ♪♪ Here's the sweet part. Here's the dressing  we made earlier with the pomegranate molasses. And we just pour that nice,  thick dressing over it. There we go. Gonna toss it all together. Look how pretty that is. Now, that is a fall salad. Looks so pretty. And last but not least, since  we used pomegranate molasses, we're gonna finish off the salad  with some fresh pomegranates. And I love them 'cause they look  like red, little jewels on top of the salad,  which I think is so fun. And there we have it. My salad's done, so it's time  to eat some turkey. ♪♪ LULU: Oh, that's right, mine  didn't look like yours. Yeah.  They're all a little different. -Oh, awesome.  -Oh, is this origami? Hey, Lulu, will you give Julian  a piece of turkey? -Yeah.  -Pasta preseli. You want a piece?  What do you want? Turkey.  Get some turkey, Jade. MAN: Giada, I love the place mats. -You like them?  -Very creative. GIADA: Well, since we're outside  under a tree... -It's very fitting, right?  -Yeah. Could I have some salad, some  mashed potatoes, stuffing -- I like the works, everybody. -Oh, my gosh. This is so good.  -Sure. MAN #2: Can I get some gravy when you're done, Lu? Yep. What's the dressing  on the salad? Pomegranate molasses. ♪ Happy Thanksgiving ♪  -Happy Thanksgiving. WOMAN:  Nice to be all together. Once the turkey's gone,  you'll see that there's a design on the platter. Guess who you think made  that design on that platter. -Uh...  -I can guess. -Jade.  -Jade. -She did.  -Cool! Sweet potatoes  are very good. Turkey's really moist. GIADA: I put prosciutto  over the turkey. I like the prosciutto  on top. Look, our names  are on the apples. Our names are  on the apples. -Yep.  -Aww. -This is my apple.  -I like the turkey. -Thank you.  -It's delicious. -It's moist.  -Mom, look what I did. Mm, that's a good bite, Jadie. The pasta's delish. I like the pasta  and the turkey. I always love your salads.  So good. ♪♪ -This is so good.  -Look at this. -We love the crust.  -Mmm. I love these cherries.  Get six more of those, please? WOMAN: I think the crust  is what I'm gonna like. -I love these cherries.  -The cherries are... -The cherries are so good.  -I love the cherries. The cherries  make the cake. Oh, go, Igor, go!  Go, Igor, go! Go, Igor!  Oh, my gosh. So, this year for Secret Santa, instead of everybody  pulling a name out of a hat, I've sort of decided for them. And I printed out little  pictures of everybody, and I'm gonna put  that person's picture underneath the  other person's plate. So they won't know it  until the very end and then they'll see  the picture of the person and they'll know who they  have to buy a gift for. I think it'll be really fun. Lift it up. You all have something  underneath. -Secret Santa.  -It is Secret Santa. Oh, look at the Santa face. Okay, don't share it. Everybody knows who they have,  so think about a gift. JADE: Wait, who's your  Secret Santa, Mom? It's a secret! Ah! ♪♪ We have these little  take-home gifts, which are little chocolate bars  that have nuts and dried fruit and stuff like that that's  wrapped up for everybody. Everybody gets one of these  to take home. Oh, thank you very much.  I'm just gonna eat this. LULU: Thanks, G.  This is my favorite. WOMAN: It's dark chocolate.  This is good. Thank you.  -Oh, wow. -Thank you.  -Happy Thanksgiving. Thank you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 