Giada's Holiday Handbook: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook 
 s2e6 - Christmas Dinner at Giada's - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Christmas Dinner at Giada's - full transcript 
 Giada De Laurentiis' family members exchange Secret Santa gifts; stuffed tricolor pork loin; roasted acorn squash agrodolce; chopped romaine and radicchio salad; black and white brownie ice cream cake. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Got it!  Brava! (Giada)  I love the holidays. Yeah! And I also love to entertain. [cheering and shouting] In fact, over the years  I've gathered together my favorite recipes  and ideas to create a one-of-a-kind  holiday handbook. It's filled with pages and pages of cherished recipes and menus, unique party themes,  cocktails for every occasion, and some really fun  decorating ideas. Whether it's a classic  Thanksgiving dinner, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 open house,  or Christmas with the kids, I have everything you need to  make the party truly sparkle. Chin-chin. Merry Christmas!  Merry Christmas! (Giada) Today, I'm making Christmas dinner for my family. Dig in, everybody. Dig in. With a festive table,  Secret Santa gift exchange... Ahhhh! Yay! Sean's favorite band.  GNR! GNR! (Giada) And a menu of holiday favorites. Plus, I'm digging into  my handbook to share recipes and ideas for making this year's celebration extra special. All right,  who wants the first piece?  (various)  Me! It's a Christmas feast with  my family, and you're invited. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪♪ It's probably the--  one of the most special holiday parties in my family, and the pressure's always on. You know, I think long and hard about the menu and how to change it up,  and I always feel like what I really want to do is  keep an element of surprise with the menu, but also  with the Secret Santa gifts. Right? Nobody knows  who anybody got. My menu also offers  a few surprises, a modern twist  on some holiday favorites. I've got tricolore stuffed pork, roasted acorn squash agrodolce, chopped romaine  and radicchio salad, and for dessert, black and white brownie ice cream cake. The real kicker, which you can  make, like, a week in advance if you want to--brownie mix, vanilla ice cream, and chocolate chocolate chip ice cream. My favorite.  Love to decorate  with candy canes to really create, sort of,  that Christmas feel, and then at the table is when  I like Jade to finish it off. So it's like she's, like,  dusting snow over the cake, which is, you know, really fun  for kids to do, and it looks  really pretty. So I'm making the cake portion  of my black and white  ice cream cake. So I've got brownie mix  in the bowl, just store-bought brownie mix,  2 eggs, and we're gonna add about  1/3 cup of vegetable oil and then 1/3 cup  of hazelnut liqueur. There we go. Hazelnut liqueur to kinda  doctor up and give this brownie mix a lot of flavor and a lot of pow. I mean, it's the holidays,  it's Christmas, so you want some extra flavor. Half a teaspoon  of almond extract. So the almond extract  and the hazelnut liqueur give it that nutty flavor. We're just gonna mix  everything together. You don't need a hand mixer  for this. Just make sure that  all the dry ingredients  are mixed really well with the egg and the oil  and the hazelnut liqueur. Look at that. That is good. Yummy, yummy. Okay. So I've got a baking sheet.  I have put some parchment and nonstick cooking spray  so that nothing sticks to it so after this is baked,  we can just peel the paper right off of it. Okay, so just wanna spread it  out so you have the even brownie layer. I'm gonna put this  in the oven at 350 degrees  for about 20 minutes. ♪♪ ♪♪ So my brownie has cooked  and cooled, and now I'm ready to cut it  into thirds. So we're gonna do the layering  with this brownie. So we're just gonna lay it down, right on the bottom. I put some parchment at  the bottom of my baking dish, so it makes it really easy  to kind of pull it up later, after it's frozen. We're gonna start with vanilla. Make it scoopable,  but don't let it melt, because you kinda want to  control it and not let it seep down the sides  of the brownie. Press it down so that  you cover the brownie. There we go.  Dah dah-dah dah! All right. Next, we're gonna take  the next layer of the brownie and put it right on top  and slightly push down. Next, we've got chocolate chocolate chip  ice cream. So if you can't find chocolate  chocolate chip ice cream and you want  the chocolate chips,  just add the chocolate chips. Okay. Press down  the chocolate chip ice cream. You really have to control  yourself to not eat any while you're doing this,  'cause that's part of the fun. You take the top layer,  and you put it right  over the top and press down. Then we take some plastic wrap, and we're gonna wrap this baby up. You basically wanna pop this  in the freezer for a minimum of five hours,  because you really need the ice cream to set. All right, let's go into  the freezer, baby. ♪♪ So my ice cream cake  has been freezing  for five hours, and I'm just using a little  paring knife just to kinda separate the ice cream  on the sides here  of the pan. That way, you just pull from the pieces of parchment paper that we left, and it comes right  out of the dish. Peel all the paper off. Flip it over,  and put it on  this cold surface. I like to put it on  a piece of cold marble so it keeps it cold  while you decorate it, and I take  these little candy canes, and I just like to put them  right on the sides, and you might have to push  a little. It makes it really decorative  and very holiday-like. ♪♪ I'm gonna pop it  back in the freezer  until we're ready to eat it. Up next, the main course, inspired by my travels  through Italy. And later, a simple side gets dressed up  for the holiday. It's almost time for Christmas  dinner with my family. My secret for success is creating an element of surprise. I'm doing that with  a Secret Santa gift exchange and a menu that offers  a few twists. My make-ahead ice cream cake  is in the freezer  and ready to go. Time for another show-stopper,  my tricolore stuffed pork. I thought about making  the tricolore stuffed pork because of the time that  we just spent in Florence. [laughter] Fold in that special trip  with my family into this meal. ♪♪ So I'm scoring  my beautiful pork loin, and what I like to do is ask the butcher to butterfly it for me and also to take some of the fat off the top, but you want to ask them  to leave you about 1/4-inch of fat on the top,  because that way, it keeps  the pork nice and moist. Just create little incisions--  you don't want to cut through the meat,  just through the fat. Do one more. I open them up and season  the top of the pork with a little bit of salt, and this is a 5-pound pork loin, which I think will be perfect. And you can unroll it... and add a little more salt  on the inside. Really want to season the pork. And I'm using provolone picante, which is just a little stronger in flavor, but you can use whatever  provolone you find. You put one on one side  and one on the other. There we go. Overlap them. These'll melt into the pork  while it's baking. It's divine. So I got a jar  of roasted bell peppers. I think it's very Christmasy--  the red peppers, the green spinach,  the white provolone. So what you wanna do is just  open up the pieces of the roasted red pepper, layer it right on top. Gives it a nice,  smoky flavor, too. ♪♪ ♪♪ So now that we've got  the peppers down, we are going to add some  just baby spinach leaves. But I just love  the color combo. The spinach will slowly wilt  in the oven, and it'll also keep the pork  nice and moist. Look at that color--  gorgeous! Okay, so now,  we start rolling it up just like you would  a jelly roll, so here we go. Time to tie this up. So you're gonna need  about four strings, just butcher string, you can  find it in the grocery store. In the pan, I've got 1 onion  that I sliced. So I'm gonna cook the pork loin right on top of the onion just to give it more flavor. And I've also added some  rosemary sprigs, just whole rosemary sprigs,  because what I wanna do is perfume the house  and perfume the food. All right, so we take  the whole pork loin, and we just land it right  on top of the onions, fat side up, so that way  the fat can render down. All right, I'm gonna wash  my hands, we'll finish  this off. Two cups of chicken broth. This will help cook  the pork loin and keep it nice and moist  in the oven. Top it with a little bit  of olive oil, right over the top,  gets a nice, golden tan. I'm gonna bake this  at 425 degrees for 50 minutes, and then,  I'm gonna turn the oven down a little bit to 375  for another 40 minutes. (Santa)  Ho, ho, ho! (Giada)  Up next, a surprising twist  on a holiday favorite, and later, we'll dig into the Secret Santa gift bag. I'm opening up my holiday  handbook to share my favorite ideas and recipes for hosting Christmas dinner with my family. The dessert is ready. My tricolore stuffed pork  is in the oven, filling the house  with wonderful aromas. Time to start on the roasted  acorn squash agrodolce. You know, when you go to  the grocery store during this time of year, you know,  you see a lot of squash, but you're not sure  what is what, and acorn squash is really  delicious, and I just like to roast it in the oven  with an agrodolce-- that means sweet and tangy  sauce, it's very Italian. It gives it a final  real great flavor, kinda brings the squash alive-- it's also really pretty, easy to eat. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ So it's time to finish my acorn squash with agrodolce, and I've got 2 tablespoons  of sugar. I'm gonna add about 1/4 cup  of apple cider vinegar, and I've already got 1/2 stick  of butter that I've melted. So I get a little brown butter  nuttiness that we're gonna add to the sugar and vinegar. Whisk it so that the sugar  and the apple cider vinegar kind of become one,  and then we take the slightly-cooled  brown butter and pour it right in there. The squash is already cooled--  I put it on my beautiful  platter, and we're gonna add  a little bit of salt, and the butter gives the sauce  a velvety finish, which I just love...okay. A little bit sweet,  a little bit vinegary. You want to pour it all over  the acorn squash, just like that. And kinda allow the acorn squash to sit a minute and sort of absorb  all the flavors. Start by dolloping a little bit of mascarpone. Bring it to room temperature  before you dollop. Just adding different textures  and creamy flavor to it, and then...I like to finish it with a little sprinkle  of smoked almonds for a little bit of crunch. ♪♪ And sprinkle it with some  fried sage leaves, and that is my acorn squash.  It is so yummy. Up next, a red and green salad  that celebrates the season, and later, some simple ideas for turning the Christmas table into a feast for the eyes. It's a Christmas feast  with my family. Time to make  a red and green salad  that celebrates the season. Always have to have a salad,  a chopped romaine and radicchio salad--  I want something with a little more body to it  that can hold up. Green and red, really pretty,  holds up really well at a party--  I like to do the pita chips  for a little crunch, and then I just  make the dressing in a jar so I can leave it in  the fridge and shake it up right before I'm ready to go--  super, super simple. Done. Take a mason jar and add a little whole-grain mustard... champagne vinegar... grated parmesan cheese... salt and olive oil. And shake away. I'm just adding a little bit  of cucumber, and I want to peel just a little bit of the skin off. I'm not the biggest fan of cucumber skin  when they're this big, but I like the bite  and the fresh flavor  of the cucumber. Quarter it. The radicchio has a nice bite  to it, so it's really nice with the pork,  and everybody loves romaine. Let's add an avocado. Score the inside of the avocado. We'll grab a spoon... and then just add it  right in there. You can even put it in  the fridge for a few minutes before scoring it, because it  helps keep the pieces of avocado really nice  and intact. I love adding fresh herbs  to my food, and again, it goes back to the herbs and adding freshness, which is part of my theme  for Christmas this year. Some fresh basil... a little sweetness. And we're gonna add something  that I love adding these days. It's one of my favorites.  Little pita chips that I broke up  for a little bit of crunch. So 2 cups of pita chips,  just break 'em up. [hums]  And then... shake up our dressing,  and just pour it right  over the top. There, toss that all together. Look how pretty that is!  The radicchio gives it that nice red holiday color  to it. Last thing. Mm--that grain mustard and champagne vinegar  work so well. As for the table setting  and the décor, uh,  for Christmas, I kept it really simple--  neutrals and some antique  silver. I found these really cool  sentiment chargers, where they have, like, little  writings, like, great food, great friends, just fun,  little phrases that are sort of reminiscent of what  the holiday means, and then one of the things  that I did for the centerpiece is just wrap herbs that I have  in my garden. Rosemary, sage leaves,  and just wrap the candles, which creates a wonderful aroma of the holiday, but again, just a reminder that this is what it's all about, spending time with your family  and your friends and, uh, that we're all very  lucky to be able to do that. [voices overlapping] I want some of that salami,  and... Jade... [laughter] (Julian) Hey, you guys, everybody should just wear their name tags. Who's gonna do the cheer?  (all)  Cheers! Merry Christmas!  Oh, no! I have little arms. (Giada)  Dig in, everybody. Dig in.  (man)  Thank you. This squash is delish.  The squash is delish. (Julian)  Wait, auntie, aren't there,  like, potato chips in... (Giada)  Instead of croutons, Julian,  I put pita chips. I love pita chips.  (woman) The mustard sauce  is delicious. Yeah, that is mascarpone. (woman) This is delicious. (man)  It's really good. It's like it's snowing. (man)  So cool!  (Giada)  Ice cream cake! (man)  Look at that!  You're like a professional. (Giada)  This is frozen, anyway,  so it keeps the ice cream cake  nice and cold. (man)  That's a good idea.  All right, who wants  the first piece? (various)  Me! (Giada)  All right, here we go. All right, who's...Jade,  you want the first piece? Girls first, buddy.  Yeah, girls first. Girls always first.  Julian's gonna cry. (woman) Does Santa help you with it?  Yep. Awesome,  and there's chocolate chips?  Oh, my goodness, it's so good! How is it, Jade?  I think a lot of people like  ice cream cake. I think it reminds them of  being a child. That's right, it's my favorite. There's someone over here that  hasn't said a peep since you got her  ice cream cake. Was this your favorite part? Jade, do you want to start  the, uh, Secret Santa? The Secret Santa is another really fun element  of surprise in there. So it's the giving  and the receiving  and the element of surprise over a great meal that makes  a Christmas feast special. To Dina.  Dina! Yeah!  Wanna hand it over to Dina?  You think she's gonna like it?  Uh-huh. (woman)  Awwww, what is it? It's so pretty,  Jade, did you draw it? Is this me?  (man)  Oh, that's sweet. Brava, brava. (Dina) Thanks, Jade, baby, that was awesome! This took me a long time. It's for Shane. Oh, Shane! I was hoping you were  gonna get me. (Giada)  Oh, gosh.  Kk. Oh! It's a shave set.  (man)  Nice! This is very sweet.  Thank you very much,  and I will use this. I got this for someone who likes this band very much. It's for Sean. Let's see--what did Sean get?  I know what it is. Ahhh! Yay! Sean's favorite band!  GNR! GNR! I got a present for you.  Really? Ohhh!  Two-dollar bills. (Shane)  That's good luck. Thank you, Sean!  I love my orchids. Do I not love my orchids, Jade? Thank you Sean! Yeah, my favorite kind of wine. Beautiful. Here's the thing, I was running late to this dinner (man)  Uh-huh.  that I didn't make it  to the store. Jade, I'm so sorry.  Awww. (man)  Awwww, Jade.  Yeah, you're gonna. Oh, yeah! There you go, good luck.  (Giada)  Nice job! Thank you, Shane! You got it, Jade. All right, Lulu,  you are the last. Yay! Oh, my god. Be something I like. (man)  It actually matches  your dress right now. It does.  (man)  It's kinda crazy. It's really pretty.  Yeah, you did it. Merry Christmas, everybody! Thank you, sis!  Whoo! Nice job on  all the Secret Santa gifts. [indistinct talking] (Santa)  Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho! ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 