Giada's Holiday Handbook: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook 
 s1e7 - Christmas at Giada's - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Christmas at Giada's - full transcript 
 Giada hosts Christmas dinner for family and friends. She prepares an elegant feast inspired by a recent trip to Positano, Italy, without spending all day in the kitchen. On the menu: ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  ♪♪ Yeah! GIADA: I love the holidays. And I also love to entertain. Thank you. WOMAN: Thanks so much. Thanks, Giada. In fact, over the years, I've gathered together my favorite recipes and ideas to create a one-of-a-kind  holiday handbook. It's filled with pages and pages  of cherished recipes and menus, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 unique party themes,  cocktails for every occasion, and some really fun  decorating ideas. Whether it's a classic Thanksgiving dinner, open house, or Christmas with the kids, I have everything you need to  make the party truly sparkle. Cheers, you guys. MAN: This lamb shank might last me till next Christmas. GIADA: Aww. Today, I'm hosting  Christmas dinner for my family and making a menu  of classic Italian dishes. Julian, eat it!  -Yes! Go, Julian, go!  Go, Julian, go! Go! Plus, I'm digging  into my handbook to share  some of my tried-and-true ideas 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 for giving the party  my own personal touch. It's my Italian  Christmas dinner. -Yeah!  -Look at that! GIADA: And you're invited. -Merry Christmas!  -Merry Christmas! GIADA: When it comes  to Christmas dinner, my grandfather  would always share something that was special  that happened to him that year. Whatever was a milestone  in our family's life that year, he would fold  that into the party. And so this year  I was thinking I spent a month in Positano, Italy, digging  deep into my family's history. And I thought, "Why not share  that with my family?" Anything that you feel  is big and important, somehow fold that into your Christmas, right? It's a time to reminisce on  what happened during the year, things that are special to you, and remember those moments, cherish those moments. When it comes  to my classic Christmas dinner, I used Italy as my inspiration, but all the parts of Italy,  not just the Amalfi Coast, which is where I spent most  of my time. Bring the flavors  and the traditions from the different regions  of Italy into my menu. So I'm making  a chocolate candy cane tower -- my twist on a famous  Neapolitan Christmas dessert... ...a hearty and comforting dish  from northern Italy... ...a dramatic holiday dish that combines the flavors  of north and south. And my make-ahead tortellini  in Parmesan brodo, a light soup  to kick off my Italian feast. In Italy,  traditionally during Christmas, we do a cake called struffoli. And they're little dough balls  along with nuts. And we create this little tower. I wanted to create something  similar, but something  a little more whimsical. Jade loves pancakes. Make chocolate pancakes  and make a tower out of them. And then add crushed candy canes  in the middle of each layer, and then candy canes on top, so it looks  like a winter wonderland. So I want to doctor up six cups  of store-bought pancake mix. And to it, I'm sweetening it  with 1/4 cup of sugar and 1/2 cup of cocoa powder. And then we're gonna add  1 teaspoon of vanilla extract, just to make it  a little bit more flavorful. It's really fun to use sort  of store-bought ingredients and just kind of doctor  them up a little bit. 4 cups of water. And now we're just gonna  whisk it all together. ♪♪ I have a nonstick skillet. Just as an extra  precautionary step, I put a little bit  of vegetable oil. We're gonna start  with a 2-cup pancake, and then we're gonna get  smaller and smaller and smaller with each pancake. That's 1 cup. And there's 2 cups. Sprinkle the top  with some mini chocolate chips, just for some extra chocolate  flavor. All right, so my pancake  has cooked on one side. So now what you want to do is you want to take two  spatulas, get them underneath, and then you just flip it over. And then we're gonna  cook the other side, and then we're gonna  make another pancake, and it's gonna be  1½ cup measure. So, little by little, we're  gonna make all our pancakes for our tower. ♪♪ So I've started on my frosting. And I've got two 8-ounce  packages of cream cheese and 1 cup of powdered sugar. And I'm adding 4 tablespoons  of unsalted butter at room temperature,  so it's nice and soft. And a little bit of salt just  to balance out the sweetness. And we're also gonna add 1/4 cup  of whole milk. There we go. We're gonna do 1 teaspoon  of peppermint extract. This is very intense flavor, but I think it's gonna work  really nicely with the chocolate. Let's mix this all together. ♪♪ There you go. You want a nice,  smooth consistency. Grab my cake stand. And I'm gonna grab  my very first pancake. I'm gonna grab some frosting. In the center. And then with an offset spatula, start spreading the frosting  from side to side like this. There we go. Now, next we're going  to sprinkle some of these  crushed candy canes, right? For color. Next size. And land it right in the middle. Grab some frosting. We're gonna grab  our offset spatula. Just like this. And we're gonna go to the outer  borders of the pancake. And we're gonna sprinkle  some more candy cane right over the top. ♪♪ I'm gonna put this stick  that I've already measured all the way down inside  to keep the cake together, so it doesn't slide. So now, for the finale,  I take these baby meringues that you can buy  at the grocery store. And I kind of just decoratively  put them on top. You don't have to do this,  but I think it's really fun. And then you just  kind of put them all over. You can use chocolate meringues. You can use whatever kind  of meringues you find. There we go. And there --  our chocolate candy cane tower. Up next, I'm gonna make the main course to my Christmas dinner -- Barolo-braised lamb shanks. It's the perfect Christmas  dish -- warm, comforting, and filled with the flavors  of northern Italy. Plus some handbook tips  for giving your holiday table a little extra sparkle. GIADA: I'm opening up  my holiday handbook to share  some tried-and-true ideas for a festive Christmas dinner. My secret to success  is giving it a personal touch, so I'm creating a menu  of Italian favorites. The chocolate candy cane tower  is chilling in the fridge. Now I'm starting  on my braised lamb shanks. As the main course  of my Christmas dinner, I wanted to do something  that's sort of impressive, and lamb is very big  for us in Italy. I wanted to do  a Barolo-braised lamb. Red wine, lots of herbs  that are very warming and very comforting. It's cooked low and slow  so it just fills the house and really the kitchen  with wonderful aromas. It's something  I can put on in the morning and just let go for a while. It's also something  that's really easy to make for a large crowd. So I'm gonna start  by cutting up two carrots... and two pieces of celery. And the celery  and the carrots -- and we're also gonna add onion  and garlic -- are all sort of aromatics that give  the lamb shank more flavor. I basically brown the lamb shanks with a little bit of salt in the pan, and then we'll deglaze it  with some Barolo wine. Okay. Then we're gonna  add some fresh oregano and some rosemary. We need some garlic  and we need some onion. So we're gonna do about three cloves of garlic. There we go. Just a little bit  of garlic flavor. And I'm not even  gonna chop them. I'm just gonna smash and peel. That's it. And let them cook low and slow  with the lamb. And I love  to serve this over a salad, so I asked my sister  to bring a salad. A salad of her choice that  I can lay the lamb right over. Next, onion. Now, usually when you brown  a piece of meat, you take it out,  put it on a baking sheet, and then pop it back in after you've added  all the ingredients. We're gonna cut a couple steps and make it a little bit faster. As long  as you use a big enough pan, you can kind of fit everything  in there. I feel like for the holidays, it's all about trying to cut out  as many steps as you can. And I think sometimes  we get caught up. But really, sometimes,  there's a few shortcuts. They make things a lot easier, but the dishes  are still just as good. Onion, right on top. I'm gonna add a little bit  of salt. And let's add our wine. So I'm gonna  add a very traditional northern Italian wine,  very full-bodied, very rich. Add a cup of Barolo wine  to deglaze it. And now time for sort  of the secret ingredient here -- tomato paste. I'm gonna use 1/4 cup. It adds sweetness. It adds richness. We've got 2½ cups  of chicken broth that we're gonna cook  the lamb in. It needs a lot of liquid so it  can slowly soften the meat. The slower you cook them, the more the flavor  comes out of the bones, and it just intensifies  that rich lamb flavor. So we're gonna cook  this low and slow -- 300 degrees for 2 hours until the meat  just falls off the bone. When it comes  to my holiday table, I wanted to give it  a personal touch. Ciao.  -Ciao, bella. GIADA: There was  a little ceramic shop that I visited in Positano that sold the most  beautiful plates and platters. I fell in love  with some sea-blue plates with an octopus pattern. I thought it would be  the perfect way to share the experience  with my family. Plus, I love the juxtaposition  between the rustic bowls and the fancier  white dinner plates. I'm big into mixing  and matching. It's an eclectic look that takes advantage of what you might already have in the house. Napkins are also a simple  and powerful way to make a statement  and stay true to the theme. Coming up, Italians always  eat seafood at Christmastime, and I have a dish  that my family will love. Plus, a take-home gift that captures the magic  of the Amalfi Coast. GIADA: I'm digging  into my holiday handbook to share some of my go-to ideas for hosting a family  Christmas dinner. The secret to success  is giving it a personal touch. So I've started on a menu  of family favorites. Now it's time  for my risotto with clams. I'm not making a pasta. I made a risotto with clams, which is very,  like, Amalfi Coast-ish. But also a little bit  Venetian as well, because they do a lot  of risottos because it's still in the north. I love having a fish alternative  during Christmas. I find this to be a very elegant  holiday-like dish. I've sautéed some shallots  in olive oil. I'm gonna add some garlic. We're gonna  add some Arborio rice to this. This is a dish that truly -- I mean, risotto is more  of a northern Italian dish. Rice is made more in the north  than it is in the south. You know, people cook -- there  was more rice in the north. This is more of a southern  Italian dish, in the sense that it's got clams,  it's got lemon, it's got parsley.  It's a little bit lighter. So you just want to toast  the rice. And to that, instead of white wine, which is what you usually add to risotto, we're going to add 1 cup  of Prosecco. A little bit more elegant  and a little bit more fun and festive. Yeah.  Okay. We're gonna hold  onto the Prosecco because I'm gonna use it later  on to cook the clams. All right.  For 1 cup of Arborio rice, we're gonna  add slowly 2 cups of broth. So that way, everything's sort  of the same temperature. You don't want to add cold broth  to hot rice, because it sort of shocks  it and then it keeps it from slowly releasing its normal  creaminess and starchiness. I'm gonna get started  on my clams. So, here we go  with a little more Prosecco. About 1/2 cup. And to the 1/2 cup  of Prosecco... we're gonna add some clams. So I just bought some regular  littleneck clams. What we're gonna do is  we're gonna steam them in some Prosecco. There we go. All you do is you put it  over medium-high heat. After about 5 minutes,  they all open up and they have that wonderful  crisp flavor of the Prosecco. We're gonna  add a little more broth. There we go. I want to get started on all the toppings for my risotto. Chop a little bit of parsley. You want something fresh. You want something colorful,  right? Parsley's done.  Let's grab our lemon. Here we go. We've got our lemon  that we'll zest in a minute. We're gonna add more liquid. ♪♪ Give it a nice stir. Okay. So, time  to start finishing this off. We're gonna add some more clams. And you can get your fishmonger to just shuck some clams  for you. The clams plus the juice. We're gonna add some parsley  on top. We're gonna  zest some fresh lemon. Very southern Italian to zest  a fresh lemon over anything. Perfect. Now we're gonna also  grate some Parmesan cheese. Yes, a little Parmesan cheese  on top of the risotto. There we go. And a little bit of pancetta  I crisped up earlier. I just put it  on some paper towel. It will absorb any extra fat  on it. Pancetta and the rice  with the briny clams. It's really good. And then a couple tablespoons  of butter, just to finish it off. Give it a little glisten,  you know? It looks so pretty. All right, I got to taste this, just to make sure that  all the seasoning is correct. Mmm! Risotto is done. Okay. Let's take a look at our clams. Oh, yeah, baby. They have all opened  up beautifully. Before I serve it,  I'll put all of the clams on top of the risotto. But up next,  I'm gonna get started on an all-time favorite soup that can be made way  in advance -- my tortellini in brodo. A classic Italian soup  to kick off the holiday feast. And a take-home gift  that celebrates my memories of Positano. GIADA: I'm opening up  my holiday handbook to share  some tried-and-true ideas for a festive Christmas dinner. My menu is almost ready. I just need to heat up the soup  and add the tortellini. A dish  that is very classic Genovese is the tortellini  in Parmesan brodo, which is just a broth. And I like to use  the spinach tortellini because it looks really pretty  in the broth. The broth is really easy. I add an onion,  a head of garlic, one chopped carrot,  a celery stalk, some oregano, thyme, and a bay leaf, and one pound of Parmesan cheese  rinds to a Dutch oven. I add a little salt,  some water... ...and let the soup simmer for  about an hour and 15 minutes. Then I strain everything out  so it's just the broth. One of the ways that you  can make that many dishes at Christmas is to make  some of the dishes in advance. I usually freeze it  and then defrost it in a pot and then add the tortellini in. Soup is done. I defrosted my broth  that I made a few days ago. And now it's simmering nicely. I'm chopping up some parsley. So we're just gonna  add the parsley into the brodo. And we're gonna add one pound  of store-bought tortellini. You can buy any flavor you like. I like the spinach kind -- spinach and cheese. Toss it right  into the simmering broth. And you just let it cook  for about 4 to 5 minutes until the tortellini  are cooked through. I'm gonna go change, because my family  is gonna be here any minute. ♪♪ Merry Christmas! -Merry Christmas!  -Buon Natale. All right, so we're starting  with Parmesan brodo with tortellini. -Wow.  -And then guess what? I have a cake that is going  to blow your socks off, Juju. Hey, Julian, Julian,  you can pick up the bowl and you can sip the broth. It actually tastes better  if you drink it directly from the glass bowl  than from the spoon. Great.  That looks amazing. Let me give you the spoon so you can get some. Awesome. This lamb shank might last me till next Christmas. Aww. Eat more!  Eat more! Igor and Claudio got  the entire shank with the bone. I love it! High-five, buddy.  High-five. This entire Christmas dinner is inspired  by our trip to Positano. -I want to live there.  -I know. That was the thing Jade said. "I want to live there."  -Really? Yeah.  Mm-hmm. MAN: So, what's the... Lulu, thanks  for bringing the escarole. Oh, you're so welcome.  I loved making it. Silly goose. Who's ready for dessert?  Just say "I." -I!  -I! This is sort of my version  of a struffoli. This, I think, is sort  of the new tradition. It is chocolate pancakes.  Ready? Eight layers.  Delicious! Is it gonna stand?  Aah! It did! Wow.  Wow. That is incredible.  Look at that! That is amazing. Julian, eat it!  Go, Julian, go! Go, Julian, go!  Go, go, go! MAN: We're gonna start.  We're gonna start. Aah! Oh, well. I was being a little  too precious with it. No, no, sorry. So, who wants a present? For my Christmas gift this year, I wanted to share Positano  with my family. So I got everyone  a little something from my favorite ceramic store. Little mugs with Buon Natale  on it. You know, and they're  not over-the-top gifts. You know, these lemon candies that you really only  can get from Positano, and the mug. It's just that little special  touch of me saying to everybody in my family, "This is a way for me to share my experience  with all of you." And I think that's  what the holidays are about. -Me!  -Well, pass them down. Martha, there.  Is that cute? Aren't they cute? -Oh!  -Oh! WOMAN: A mug! We used to get  these all the time. Right? Isn't that cute?  See? Isn't that cute? Buon Natale!  Merry Christmas! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 