Giada's Holiday Handbook: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook 
 s1e5 - Holiday Desserts - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Holiday Desserts - full transcript 
 Giada hosts a holiday party, for her girlfriends, that's all about decadent desserts and sparkling drinks. On the menu: orange mousse with ginger snap crumble; peppermint Patty sandwich cookies; hazelnut torte with chocolate-espresso frosting. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Yeah! GIADA: I love the holidays. And I also love to entertain. -Thank you.  -Thanks so much. MAN: Thanks, Giada. In fact, over the years, I've gathered together  my favorite recipes and ideas to create a one-of-a-kind  holiday handbook. It's filled with pages and pages  of cherished recipes and menus, unique party themes, cocktails for every occasion, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and some really  fun decorating ideas. Whether it's a classic Thanksgiving dinner, open house, or Christmas with the kids, I have everything you need to make the party truly sparkle. Cheers, you guys.  -The best way. Today, I'm celebrating  the season with a party that's all about  decadent holiday desserts... VANESSA: Oh, my gosh. ...and making a menu  of indulgent sweets. This is really good. It's a blood-orange mousse. Plus, I'm digging  into my holiday handbook to share  some tried-and-true tips for making  the party truly sparkle. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -Cheers, cheers.  -Vanessa's almost done, though. That's good.  -Yeah. [ Laughter ] It's my Holiday Dessert Party,  and you're invited. Cheers, ladies.  -Cheers. All right,  how about some dessert? I have a few friends that love  desserts about as much as I do. You know what it is? I took a little bit of... One of them, Vanessa,  I've been friends with since I was in high school. We go way back  with sharing desserts. I mean, you... So I thought it would be kind  of fun for this holiday to re-create the idea  of a cookie exchange, which a lot of people do, and just make, like, three completely different,  decadent desserts that are sort of wild and crazy. The secret  behind this particular party is to make it as decadent  as you can. A little sparkle,  a little fun, a little twinkle. That's kind of the inspiration behind the Holiday Dessert  Party. My make-ahead peppermint  patty sandwich cookies are decadent, rich,  and always a hit. Then there's my dreamy  orange mousse. I've got a quick  and easy angel food cake with hazelnut frosting and a light and bubbly cocktail. My peppermint patty sandwich  cookies are always popular during the holidays. They're a combination  of two things I love -- whoopie pies and traditional  Italian hazelnut cookies. So I wanted  to take that inspiration, make them  a little bit bigger, and then put all the flavors  of Christmas in them. And you bite into them  and they're soft on the inside and pillowy and sort of light. So we're adding 1/2 cup  of regular sugar and 1/2 cup of brown sugar  that you want to pack down. And sweeten up 4 ounces  of bittersweet chocolate that I've already melted. You want to cool it down  slightly. I don't want  to scramble the eggs. Otherwise it gives the cookie  a weird texture. Okay, sugar's in. Add a teaspoon  of vanilla extract. Vanilla extract is one  of those ingredients like it should be a staple item  if you love to bake, because it just enhances  the flavor of everything. All right, so then  we add a couple of eggs. You want to make sure that the  eggs are at room temperature. All right.  And the second egg. All right. So we're gonna add 1/4 cup  of regular yogurt. And the yogurt  makes them nice and fluffy. So you add that right in there. And it adds a little bit  of tang, which is really, really nice. Add that in. Ahh! Makes them nice and creamy, too. We're gonna add a little bit  of salt just to balance out the flavor. And we're gonna start  with the dry ingredients. A cup of flour  that we're gonna add to add structure  to the cookies, right? And we're gonna add 1/2 cup  of cocoa powder to just reinforce  that rich chocolate flavor. And then we're gonna  add some baking powder. We're gonna add 1/2 teaspoon  of baking powder. And the baking powder  will help the cookies rise. So we definitely  need some of that. Now, the trick here is to get  rid of the whisk at this point. Grab a spatula or a spoonula and just lightly  fold the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients. If you don't fold them and you  just whisk them really fast, you risk the chance  of not getting the nice, light, airy cookie. And it should be  a cake-like batter in the end. So that's how you  can kind of tell. Great.  I'm gonna grab my sheet tray. And I've lined my baking sheet with a little bit  of parchment paper. The reason you want to add  the parchment paper is to keep  the cookies nice and moist. If you don't put anything down, you'll get a little bit  of a crispier, drier cookie. So it kind  of depends on what you like. We're just gonna drop  about a tablespoon measureful of dough. There we go. Just like that. You want to leave a little room  in between. So we're gonna be able to fit  five across, and then three down, 'cause they're gonna spread  a little bit, but not a lot. I'm gonna bake this at 375  for 9 minutes until they puff up  and have little domes and cooked perfectly through. I want my Holiday Dessert Party  to be really special, and a little dash  of sparkle goes a long way. I want to create sort  of a sexy evening-like feel. I feel like everybody  wants to dress up and they want to wear heels. And so you just want to  make it look extra nice. What was fun is to sort of give  a lot of ambiance with, like, twinkle lights, with candles, and taking a tablecloth and then running little thin  twinkle lights underneath, the way you do outside or anywhere in your home  during the holiday season. And it lights up  underneath the desserts, which again brings them to life. It creates a really fun  atmosphere and festive vibe in your house. It just feels elegant. I'm whipping two sticks  of unsalted butter at room temperature, 'cause I'm making the filling  for my sandwich cookies. And as you can see, my cookies  have baked and cooled. So we're gonna add 3 cups  of powdered sugar to the 2 sticks of butter. There we go. You got to make sure and use room-temperature butter. You want it to be nice  and soft and fluffy, and you want it to mix really  nicely with the powdered sugar. Two. And three.  There we go. And powdered sugar  truly is just fine sugar mixed with cornstarch. So it keeps it nice and light. Now we're gonna  add some peppermint extract, 'cause we're gonna make  a peppermint-flavored filling for the cookies. So we're gonna do 1/4 teaspoon  of peppermint extract. There we go. Peppermint extract  is very potent, so you don't  want to add too much. Otherwise it becomes  overpowering. And a little bit of salt.  Perfect. All right, so slowly,  let's start mixing this. If you do it too quickly, you'll be covered  in powdered sugar. And basically, you can make  everything for these cookies and assemble them one  to two days before your party. So it makes it a lot easier  to make them. So let's raise the speed  a little. Okay. Now we're also gonna add 10 peppermint patties  that I've chopped up. And these are just  peppermint patty candies. And mix them right in here. And they kind of fall apart  in the filling. Again, room temperature. So now we're gonna grab  a cookie. And some of the filling. As you can see. And just kind  of add it right in there. Then I grab another cookie,  and I stick it right on top. So you get a nice little sandwich, just like that. Cute, right? I think they're super cute.  There we go. I'm gonna fill the rest  of my cookies with my beautiful  peppermint-patty filling. And up next, I'm gonna  make my dreamy orange mousse. It's another make-ahead dessert  your friends will love. And my holiday handbook is filled with lots  of great cocktails. I have something bubbly to get the party started. GIADA: Time to dig  into my holiday handbook to make some festive desserts. My secret to success is making the party special  with lots of holiday sparkle. And I'm doing that with  the decorations and the menu. My make-ahead peppermint  patty sandwiches are chilling in the fridge. Now it's time  for something truly magical -- my dreamy orange mousse. I think that mousses  are always really popular. They're creamy.  They're smooth. They're velvety. It's a dessert that people love. First of all, the orange  is nice and citrus, so it sort of cuts  through the sweetness of the other two desserts. Then you add a gingersnap  into it, and again,  it's very holiday-like. I'm whisking four egg yolks. I'm also reducing 1 cup  of blood-orange juice. And blood-orange juice  can be found this time of year, during the holidays. They also sell it frozen  at some specialty stores. And otherwise, you could also use just regular  orange juice if you want. So we're adding 1/2 cup of sugar  to the egg yolks. The sugar pretty much dissolves  in the egg yolks. Then add a little bit  of salt, as well. There we go. Okay, so that's done. Let's take a look here. So you just add a little bit  of the blood-orange juice into the eggs. Just like that. And then you just  want to whisk it. And what we're doing is we're  basically tempering the eggs. If you add all of these eggs into the warm mixture  of blood-orange juice, you run the chance  of scrambling the eggs. Pour back into the warm  blood-orange juice. So that's sort of the trick  to tempering the egg yolk. In the event that it  does scramble a little bit, you can just  run this through a strainer and it will get rid  of any of the little bits. And you whisk until it thickens. All right. My mousse has thickened. So now... I'm gonna grab a bowl. And we're just gonna  turn off the heat, and we're gonna pour it  right in there. It's almost a caramel color. See how thick it is? It also means we've cooked  the egg yolks. So it's perfect. I'm gonna zest half an orange, just to reinforce  that orange flavor. I love a little fresh zest in something  that's been cooked for a while. It just kind of brightens  up all the flavors and enhances the blood-orange  flavor as well. 4 tablespoons  of room-temperature butter, just to make it velvety  and creamy. There we go. Right in there. The butter will just melt  in there. Just make sure that the butter's  at room temperature. It's nice and soft. Okay. So, the butter's melted. You want to grab  a little plastic wrap. And you just  want to cover the top. And you really want to cover it  so it touches, so no skin will form, and you get a nice,  smooth mixture. And then you want to chill  this a little bit before you fold in some whipped  cream to lighten it all up. Okay, let's pop  this in the fridge. You don't have  to spend a fortune to make your party sparkle. I believe in being creative  and using some of the things you already have in the house. I think that the days are gone of having to buy a set of 20  of something. It's more fun and more creative  and more homey to kind of mix and match things. And the fun,  whimsical thing is I can take all my different espresso cups  and just fill them up. Raid your cabinet and see  what kind of cups you have. You could use teacups. You could use espresso cups. You could use shot glasses. You could use anything  that you want. That's what makes it personal. If you're gonna  make three decadent desserts, you want to display them  so that everybody knows, "Okay,  it's there, it's ready to go." Nobody misses anything. And so I like to put it  as the centerpiece of what we're doing  and how we're sitting. It puts them front and center,  and that's what you want to do when you've spent time  making those desserts. So my blood-orange custard  has cooled, and I'm gonna take off  the plastic wrap. And you can see it's nice  and smooth right on top. And I just whipped up  1 cup of whipped cream with a little bit of sugar and a little bit of vanilla extract. What I want to do  is just add a little bit of the whipped cream  into the custard, just to loosen it up a bit so that when I add it in here, it doesn't deflate  the whipped cream in this bowl. So now we're gonna  pour this into here. And we're gonna start to fold. So the whole idea of folding  is to thicken the mousse, but to also create lightness. Mmm.  Smells really good. All right, so now, grab a spoon. I've got a beautiful array  of cups. The more shapes and colors, the more whimsical  and the more fun. There we go. And I like to make these ahead  so they can just chill, and really, the flavors  can blend really well together. And then I top it with a few  crumbled gingersnap cookies just to create that  sort of holiday vibe and a little crunch. Perfect. I'll fill this one. Just spoon it right in there. And then you can see  how smooth and velvety and really light it is. Coming up, I'll share  a holiday handbook secret for transforming  a simple dessert into the star of the show. GIADA: I'm opening up  my holiday handbook to share some  of my tried-and-true secrets for a festive dessert party. My secret to success  is making the party sparkle with indulgent sweets  and twinkling lights. My two make-ahead desserts  are ready to go. Now it's time to finish my cake. When it comes to making  desserts, one of my tricks is to take a box mix  and doctoring it up. Take an angel food cake, which I happen to love. It's light and it's fluffy. Making two cakes, frosting it,  frosting it in the center, and then decorating the whole  cake with edible flowers. I think people forget  that there's so many flowers out there  that you can actually eat. And they make the most  beautiful decor. So that is sort  of the inspiration behind my angel food cake with  chocolate hazelnut frosting. I've let my chocolate and cream  mixture cool in the fridge. You just want to make sure  you chill it before you end up  whipping it up. It's 1/2 cup  of bittersweet chocolate chips, 1/2 cup  of chocolate hazelnut spread, a teaspoon of espresso powder, just a pinch of salt, and then to all of that,  to melt the chocolate chips, you want to add 1 1/2 cups  of heavy cream. And it's got  to be hot -- not boiling hot, but at least simmering. So that way,  it melts everything. You whisk it and just put it  in the fridge for a bit. You get it nice and cold, and then it just takes a couple  of minutes of beating it to get it into a nice frosting sort of texture and consistency. So we can frost  our angel food cakes. Now we're gonna  take the frosting and we are going  to frost these babies. So what you want to do is just,  with an offset spatula, just spread it out. It's best to always frost a cake right on the dish  you're gonna serve it on, so you don't have  to move it once it's frosted. What I did is cut little pieces  of parchment paper, and I just slid them  underneath so that it's  protected on the bottom, so all I have to do at the end  to clean the platter is pull these out  and throw them away. So it makes it really easy  to frost. So yummy.  All right. Then I grab my second layer  and I put it right on top. Always, like,  add the frosting in the center. And then start to move  it outward like this. Makes it a lot easier. These offset spatulas  are a godsend. Okay. Let's just move outwards. And I'm gonna cover everything.  There we go. We don't have  to worry about the platter because we've got it covered. There we go. Pull off all my little pieces  of paper. And you can see  how pretty it's gonna look. And last one. What I like to do is decorate  the cake with edible flowers. And when you go to the store, there's usually a variety of different edible flowers  you can choose from -- nasturtiums,  edible little baby nasturtiums. You can even take  these colorful bits and just kind  of just toss them anywhere. It's like confetti. My absolute favorite when I can find them are orchids like this. And I think the purple  on the chocolate is fantastic. So, what I'm gonna do is I'm  gonna start from the center and I'm just gonna  lay them in no particular order overlapping each other. Just like this. There is my cake! Is it not gorgeous? That looks stunning. All right, so my friends  are gonna be here soon. I'm gonna change and we're gonna  make a cocktail at this party. It's gonna be really fun. GIADA: I'm digging  into my holiday handbook to create a decadent and festive  dessert party for some friends. My secret for success  is making the party sparkle, so I'm going all-out. The desserts are done, and now  I'm ready for a cocktail. With that kind  of holiday dessert decadence, you want to do something  that's light. I do this hazelnut spritzer -- hazelnut liqueur  to give it that sort of nuttiness and depth, Prosecco for the little bubbly, because you  can't have the holidays without having a little bubbly, and then a twist of lemon. Very, very simple.  Very elegant. Works so well with the flavors  of the decadent desserts. It kind of cuts through  the sweetness of the desserts. So it's a lemon hazelnut  spritzer. So a little bit of a liqueur. About an ounce  of hazelnut liqueur. WOMAN: So it's a little sweet. It's a little sweet,  kind of like Vanessa. Just a tad sweet.  -Tiny. Then... We do a little bit of Prosecco.  -Mmm. So a little bubbly. Vanessa, you want to put  a lemon zest in there. Okay. Well, it's kind of a little bit  of a girly drink, but it's really nice  and actually refreshing. -Thank you.  -Oh, God, it smells delicious. It smells good, right? Cheers, ladies.  -Cheers! All right,  how about some dessert? So, where are you gonna start,  Vanessa? -Oh, my gosh.  -I'm gonna cut the cake. -Go for it.  -Anything you want. You're gonna have chocolate.  Okay. I'm gonna have chocolate, too. -This is really good.  -It's a blood-orange mousse. -I'll have it.  -Who ate the sandwich? Nobody ate the sandwich  cookie yet? VANESSA: I ate the sandwich cookie.  It's delicious. Do you guys know that Vanessa  and I have known each other since we were in high school? We've heard. Yes, Vanessa was the wild one, and I was the really sweet one. Vanessa used to try to con me into crawling out windows  at night to go to clubs. [ Laughter ] Make sure you drink  a little more of your cocktail there,  Vanessa. I don't know if you really  want me to do that. Yes, I do. I like to give take-home gifts. It's one of the things I like  to do when I throw a party. I didn't want to make  the take-home gifts, 'cause I felt like there's  so much to do, right? So I got some  of my favorite macaroons, so they can take them home and  share it with their families. All right, guys, because you  haven't had enough sweets. Aw, so cute. And they have glitter  on them. So cute. Oh, my God, look at the little baby -- You can share them  with your kids. I know, that's cute, right? -Cheers, cheers.  -Vanessa's almost done, though. That's good.  -Yeah. [ Laughter ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 