Giada's Holiday Handbook: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook 
 s1e3 - Friendsgiving Party - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Friendsgiving Party - full transcript 
 Giada throws a cocktail-style Thanksgiving celebration for her closest friends. On the menu are appetizer-size versions of beloved holiday dishes. Included: stuffing arancini; turkey Waldorf bites; charred Brussels sprouts crostini; and a mulled Cosmo. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Yeah! GIADA: I love the holidays,  and I also love to entertain. Thank you!  Thanks, Giada! In fact, over the years, I've gathered together  my favorite recipes and ideas to create a one-of-a-kind  holiday handbook. It's filled with pages and pages  of cherished recipes and menus, unique party themes, cocktails for every occasion, and some really  fun decorating ideas. Whether it's a classic Thanksgiving dinner, open house, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 or Christmas with the kids, I have everything you need to make the party truly sparkle. Cheers, you guys. Bacon! Bacon! Yeah, there you go! Today, I'm hosting  a Friendsgiving cocktail party and serving bite-sized versions  of the Thanksgiving dishes we all know and love. Plus, I'm digging  into my holiday handbook to share  some of my tried-and-true ideas for making the party  extra special. It's my Friendsgiving  cocktail party, and you're invited. One of my favorite parties  to throw during Thanksgiving 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 is called Friendsgiving, and I do it before Thanksgiving. A party to thank all my friends for all the fun  we had over the year. GIADA: Try those,  because those are fun. WOMAN: Those are fantastic. Who wants to play a game  and eat some chocolate? I know Eric does. I have  a lot of different friends from a lot of different  worlds -- my work world,  my personal world. I want to bring them together. And so I want to find ways that  everybody can meet each other. And that's really the key to a successful  Friendsgiving party. Create conversation starters so that your friends  can get to know each other. That goes for everything,  from the napkins to the menu. [ Indistinct conversations ] I take  a Thanksgiving-menu-inspired hors d'oeuvres-style food  from all the things people love about Thanksgiving. Bite-sized food that has a Thanksgiving sort of feel  to it, a Thanksgiving flavor to it. So I'm making  my stuffing arancini, Italian rice balls filled  with Thanksgiving flavors, turkey Waldorf bites, a little taste  of the holidays on a skewer, charred  Brussels-sprout crostini, a favorite side dish transformed  into a festive appetizer. And the punch bowl  makes a comeback with my cranberry cosmo punch. ♪♪ I make my little arancini, which is something  a lot of my friends love. The thing that I do differently  for arancini, I don't actually  make a traditional risotto. So I don't add the broth  or the liquid a little bit at a time. I just add it all in.  I stir it. I let it go  for about 15 to 20 minutes. I add corn purée and stuff in it  to kind of give it a feeling and the flavors  of stuffing in these arancini. And then  I put it on a sheet pan, and I let it cool. And you can do all that  a couple of days in advance. And then when it's completely  cool, I'll make the rice balls. ♪♪ So, my risotto  is completely cooled. I put it in this bowl  to make it easier to scoop out. I'm using  a one-inch ice-cream scooper. And these arancini  are little rice balls, and, basically, they have  all the flavors of my favorite  Thanksgiving stuffing, which is cornbread stuffing. And now we're gonna take some chicken-apple sausage. Just cut it in little cubes. You can get it  at the grocery store. You can use  whatever sausage you like. I just really like this kind. The flavors of the chicken apple  with the corn, it's very Thanksgiving. A little rosemary. You make a little ball  like this. Make sure that the piece  of sausage is small enough that you can hide it  inside the rice ball, because it's like when you  bite into it after it's fried, it's like a little surprise  inside. And then we put it  in a little bit of flour. The combo of flour, egg,  and bread crumb creates this really thin crust  around the rice. I just beat three eggs. And I dipped it now  into the egg, and now we're doing panko,  which is a Japanese breadcrumb. Very light.  Creates a really great crust. And a little bit of cornmeal for a little bit  of extra corn flavor, and a little bit of texture  when you eat it. Let me grab one of these. You want to be careful  when you're frying. I have about 4 cups  of vegetable oil, and you want it to come up  to about 350 degrees. And you just want to fry it up  for about two minutes. There we go. And then you make a little hole  in the center. Take a piece  of the chicken-apple sausage. And just kind of close it up. When we were kids,  we used to make lots of these. These are a very popular  Southern-Italian appetizer. They like to make rice balls  of leftover risotto. ♪♪ Here comes the first one. Nice and golden brown. Look at that. And when they're nice and hot, I like to sprinkle them  with a little bit of salt. And you've got to do it  when it's hot so it sticks. All right, let's continue  making all of these arancini. ♪♪ One way  to start the conversation is to get your friends excited  about your food the minute  they walk into the house. Presentation is a big part  of that. I like to serve the arancini  on gold platters, because they're elegant  and dramatic, especially next  to a little candlelight. A simple rosemary garnish  keeps these exquisite beauties down to Earth. And the small forks make dipping  and eating super-easy. Sort of festive and fun, and it's a great  conversation starter, and it helps people to kind of  get to know each other, in case they didn't. Coming up, I'm digging  into my holiday handbook to share another Friendsgiving appetizer. Plus, we'll get  the conversation started with a chocolaty surprise. GIADA: I'm opening up  my holiday handbook to share my ideas, recipes, and time-tested tips for  a Friendsgiving cocktail party. My secret for success is  creating conversation starters so my friends  can get to know each other. I've started on my menu  of Thanksgiving appetizers -- mini versions of classic dishes. Now my turkey Waldorf bites. To me, a Waldorf salad  is a very fall item. And I thought,  "Why not make them on skewers?" I like things on skewers. When I do a cocktail party,  I like something on a skewer. I'll start  with my turkey meatloaf, because it can be made  a day ahead. It's really simple. I add some milk to a bowl  of panko breadcrumbs, two eggs, grated parmesan, and some Dijon mustard and salt. I mix it together,  add a shallot, four diced piquillo peppers -- and these are sweet peppers,  not hot -- and some chopped basil. And then a pound  of ground turkey. Mix it together,  press it into a loaf pan, and pop it in the oven  at 375 for 30 minutes. ♪♪ What I do with  the turkey meatloaf is I cook it and then put  a heavy weight on top of it, so it really compacts it,  makes it really dense, so it makes it really easy  to cut in those cubes. And you can make  those in advance. Really fun, colorful,  easy to eat, and a Thanksgiving flavor to it. So, it's time for me to assemble  my turkey Waldorf bites, and these are super-cute. My turkey meatloaf is chilled, and I'm gonna  take the weight off. I'm gonna take the pan here. And what I want to do  is just peel the paper off. Look at that. Pretty, pretty! And you see how thin  the meatloaf is? So that way, we can get a nice  cube to put on the skewers, so it looks really pretty. And the weight pushes it down,  so it makes it nice and dense, so it's easy to cut, and you get, again,  the perfect little bite. And we're gonna cut this  just lengthwise like this. So we end up with four strips. And then each one, we're gonna  cut in about 10 cubes. And see how easy it is? You want to do it  when the meatloaf is actually chilled, because  it makes it much easier to cut. Okay, so I have my meatloaf. We can put that right here. And see how colorful it is, too? It's gonna be perfect. Okay, so I have my grapes.  I have my celery. Now, time for the apple. What I want to do with the apple is just sort of cut it  around the core, and we're gonna cut little cubes  out of this, as well. And you can kind of do whatever combination of flavors you like, but this is, to me,  these are fall flavors. They're also part of  the Waldorf flavors, as well. So, I'm a big fan  of Waldorf salad, so I thought  it would be really fun to put that spin on skewers  for Thanksgiving. Plus, these combos  are really good with turkey. Easy little bites of food that reminds us of Thanksgiving. Perfect. A little red apple  for sweetness. Red grapes  for a little sweetness. That nice bite from the celery that's part of  the Waldorf salad. And we're gonna grab  these pretty little skewers. You can buy whatever kind  of skewers you like, but, you know,  you make them fancy, you make them  a little bit more elegant, elevate it a little bit. And we're gonna start with  a grape. So take the grape. Put it right there. Then I take a piece of apple. I put it there. Then I take a piece  of celery like that. See the color combo,  how nice it is, too? I really like it. And then I take  a piece of the meatloaf. I just skewer it just like that. And then you just  land it right on your platter. See how pretty that is? So, there we go.  We grab our skewer. And we start with a grape. Sweet, juicy grape. Then we get an apple. Celery. Grab a piece of the meatloaf. And make sure that the meatloaf,  you put it nice and flat. Just stand it right up. And it makes it really easy  for people to eat. It's colorful, and it's all the flavors of Thanksgiving. I love to display  my turkey Waldorf bites on a variety of platters. So I use a combination  of flat trays and cake stands to create different elevations. It almost feels like you've made more variety  than you actually have, right? A blue runner looks great  under the platters, and it's a nice accent  to burnt orange, which works well  for a fall party. I'm also a big fan  of paper napkins. They give you the chance  to be creative and send the perfect message. Plus, they're a great  conversation starter. I think that the special touches  are always in the details. And that's what makes  the holidays so much fun. Coming up,  a holiday handbook favorite. My twist  on a popular Thanksgiving side. And I'm going retro with  a cocktail that packs a punch. GIADA: I'm digging  into my holiday handbook to share  some tried-and-true tips for hosting  a Friendsgiving cocktail party. My secret to success is  creating conversation starters so my friends  can all get to know each other. I've started on a menu of Thanksgiving-inspired  appetizers, including my charred  Brussels sprout crostini. I love Brussels sprouts. Brussels sprouts, to me,  are very much fall. So I make a little crostini  with ricotta cheese, and then I broil  the Brussels sprouts so they're almost crispy,  which I think is really yummy. And it's sort of a different way to introduce Brussels sprouts  to people, and it's bite-size,  so it's easy to eat, and people just flip over it. And because  they're a little rustic, I like to serve them  on simple wood platters, which I think  are really inviting. Slice the Brussels sprouts  really thin so you can just broil them for about six minutes  and they're ready to go. So it's fast  and it's very Thanksgiving. And it's a great way  to eat Brussels sprouts. So we're just gonna  put them all here. Last Brussels sprout. You know, Brussels sprouts  are one of those vegetables that I think  sometimes people are afraid of, but I think  when they're prepared properly and they have lots and lots of flavor, especially like this, they can be  out-of-this-world divine. The Thanksgiving feel  on a crostini. We're gonna add some olive oil,  because we're gonna put them under the broiler,  so we want them to get nice and charred  and have lots of flavor. And some salt to season them. And some red pepper flakes  for a little bit of a kick. Just a little. There we go.  Mm, a little bit more. So now I'm gonna  toss this all together. Make sure  that the Brussels sprouts are coated with the olive oil  and the salt, so when you put them  in the oven, they get nice and crispy  and charred. Okay, so,  let's pop it under the broiler for about six minutes. Let's get started  on our gastrique. Simple syrup, but we're gonna  use vinegar instead of water. Makes it feel  like it's the holidays. So we're gonna do  1/4 cup of sugar and 1/4 cup  of champagne vinegar. Turn on the stove. We're gonna do 1/3 cup  of cranberries. The red  with the green Brussels sprouts looks really pretty. So then this is gonna cook down and simmer for about 10 minutes, until it gets nice and syrupy. ♪♪ My little poaching liquid  has reduced. The sugar reduced completely,  and the cranberries plumped up. You want to let it cool slightly before you add it  to the Brussels sprouts. But look how pretty. The cranberries  now look like little jewels. The champagne vinegar,  when it reduces down, it gets a little bit thick, and it gives a slight sweetness to the charred Brussels sprouts. We'll set that aside. Now we're gonna grab  some ricotta cheese, because we need something  to put on the crostini so that the Brussels sprouts  sticks on it. So we're gonna  use some ricotta cheese, 1 1/2 cups of ricotta cheese, a couple tablespoons  of olive oil. And season it with a little bit  of salt. I like to season the ricotta  just to give it more flavor. Ricotta's done. So now I'm gonna grab  a few crostini. So, I basically  just sliced a baguette and toasted it in the oven  with a little bit of olive oil. What you want to do is take a little bit  of the ricotta cheese and just kind of smear it  right on the crostino. Then I take a little bit  of the Brussels sprout, the charred Brussels sprouts. Make sure that each crostino  has a little, like one or two cranberries  on it. You just want it  to look really festive and have that slight bite. Then I want to sprinkle it with  a little bit of a nutty flavor with some toasted pine nuts. Just a few. Adds a little buttery flavor and a little elegance  to the crostino. And that is my charred  Brussels sprouts crostino. Isn't it cute? All right, so I'm gonna  make the rest of my crostini, and up next, I'm gonna make  the perfect cocktail -- my cranberry cosmo punch. And I have a little trick for keeping my  Friendsgiving cocktail chilled all night long. Plus, some conversation starters that will leave  your friends begging for more. [ Laughter ] GIADA: I'm opening up  my holiday handbook to share some  of my favorite recipes, ideas, and time-tested tips for my Friendsgiving cocktail party. My key to success is creating  fun conversation starters so that my friends can relax  and get to know each other. The menu is playful -- mini versions of some of my favorite Thanksgiving dishes. Now I'm starting  on my cranberry cosmo punch. I think that punch  in punch bowls have really seen a resurgence, and people are really into it. It looks festive,  it looks pretty, and I don't have  to worry about the cocktail. It's done, it's ready, and everybody ends up loving it. I make a cranberry punch. Heat up cranberry juice with all of the flavors  and aromas of Thanksgiving. Star anise, the cloves,  the cinnamon sticks. I let that heat up  and infuse the flavor in the cranberry juice. And then to really bring it home  and make it look festive, I make this little wreath of water, cranberry juice,  and cranberries. And I stick it in a bundt pan.  I put it in the freezer. I un-mold it,  and there's my ice. Isn't that fun? It's sort of a fun way to make  a cocktail even more elegant and keep it nice and cold. So then you want to take it  and just kind of place it directly into your punch bowl  like that. It will slowly start to melt, and just keep everything cold. All right, so,  now we're gonna add all of our other ingredients. Here we go. So this is  the mulled cranberry juice that I made earlier  with scents of the holidays. We're gonna pour that  right in there. We've got a little bit  of triple sec, a nice orange flavor. Mmm, orange liqueur. About 1 1/4 cups. Right in there. So it's very warming. And the orange works really well  with the cranberry. Again, very much sort  of the flavors of the holiday, of Thanksgiving. And then two bottles of vodka. There we go. I like to do this in advance so that it can sit  for a few minutes and the cranberry ice can slowly  start to melt in the cocktail. Perfect. And then just give it  a quick little stir just to make sure  that everything is sort of mixed together. And see, the cranberries  are starting to melt, and they kind of just float,  and it's very decorative. All right, so my punch is done. All I have left to do is change  and all my friends will be here and we can have some fun. What I try to do is just  put food in different areas so that it helps people  move around and talk and get to know other people. I have  these little chalk labels. It tells people  exactly what it is. It's bite-size,  so it's easy to eat, and the conversation's started,  and they can walk around. And I think  that's a really fun way to present Thanksgiving flavors. You spread the party out. So you spread the love out. I know, it gets around. So, cranberry cosmo. I love that.  Looks great. And there's vodka in here. The flavors  and aromas of Thanksgiving. MAN #1: You can taste the cinnamon. Yeah.  MAN #2: It's delicious. It's really delicious. Yeah, it's wonderful. Cheers, you guys. WOMAN:  That's the best way. Thanks for coming. [ Indistinct conversations ] So it's all the flavors  of a cornbread stuffing. The flavors  of cornbread stuffing. WOMAN: That Brussels sprout  crostini, oh, my -- -The crostini Brussels sprouts.  -With the Brussels sprouts? What's in it?  Oh, my God. Yeah, there's a champagne  vinegar gastrique on it. It's like a simple syrup,  the gastrique, but you're using  champagne vinegar. Try the arancini. It's like cornbread stuffing,  but in a rice ball. Oh, my God. See how -- see it's hot? Wait, there's something  in there. Yeah.  A mushroom? Chicken-apple sausage. Wow. Is there more of the arancini  that you made? Did you try  the turkey Waldorf skewers? WOMAN #1: But wait, I have  a question. I have a question. WOMAN #2: This is so good. Very easy.  It's so nice. Thank you!  MAN: Yeah, it's great. Who wants to play a game  and eat some chocolate? I know Eric does. For this particular party,  I found fun little letters, and I had them spell out  "buone feste," which is basically  "happy holidays" in Italian. And then you fill them with  all the different chocolates. So it looks pretty  as a centerpiece and colorful, and you let people  guess what's inside. I always think  that's a fun game. And it also is a part of me, because people  know I love chocolate, so it's very much  my own little touch. And I think  that's really important. WOMAN: Wait, are you gonna know  what these are? I don't know what they are.  We have to guess. This is hazelnut.  I know that. Trade me. [ Laughs ] Trade me. Oh, my gosh, Maxine. Thanks, Dolly. This is coffee,  I'm gonna be up all night. Heath bar.  Oh, Heath bar. It does taste like  a Heath bar. What about this one?  No one's tasted this one? A really fancy... Try this one. Am I the only one  eating this? Yep. [ Indistinct chatter ] What is this? [ Indistinct chatter ] Where are you going?  What are you doing? What's tomorrow? A take-away gift, I think,  doesn't have to be expensive. It can just be  something super-fun and easy. For this particular party,  I found these cute little dice. When you play with them,  it kind of comes up with words and you can put together menus from these words and these dice. You got peas. You have... What's that? Pasta. So it's a conversation starter it's a way for people to engage. It's a way  for people to meet each other. SPENCER: Like  dinner roulette here. Yeah, dinner roulette. That's it, Spencer.  Dinner roulette. I need somebody younger  to read it. WOMAN:  All right, radishes. [ Indistinct chatter ] There you go. I think the most important thing  about the holidays is try to de-stress it, and if you plan in advance  and you think about it, it doesn't have to be expensive. And it can also be  elegant and fun and a great way to say thank you  to all your friends for a great year. We all need each other, so thanking your friends  is huge. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 