Giada's Holiday Handbook: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook 
 s1e6 - Kids' Gingerbread House Party - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Kids' Gingerbread House Party - full transcript 
 Gingerbread houses are made by Giada's daughter, Jade Thompson, and her friends. And kid-friendly treats are served, including s'more popcorn; pizza grilled cheese; veggie forest with ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  ♪♪ Yeah! GIADA: I love the holidays. And I also love to entertain. Thank you. WOMAN: Thanks so much. Thanks, Giada. In fact, over the years, I've gathered together my favorite recipes and ideas to create a one-of-a-kind  holiday handbook. It's filled with pages and pages  of cherished recipes and menus, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 unique party themes,  cocktails for every occasion, and some really fun  decorating ideas. Whether it's a classic Thanksgiving dinner, open house, or Christmas with the kids, I have everything you need to  make the party truly sparkle. Cheers, you guys. May, that is adorable. Today, I'm hosting  a gingerbread-house decorating party for Jade  and some of her friends. Will, you're doing good. And making a playful menu  of holiday treats. Sandwiches are so good. Plus, I'm digging  into my handbook to share  some of my tried-and-true ideas 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 for making  the party extra-special. Hey, who wants some of these? Oh, can I have one?  Can I put some  on my house? Yeah, yeah, yeah,  yeah, yeah. It's my Gingerbread House  Extravaganza, and you're invited. The inspiration  for the gingerbread-house party was based on a party  that I threw for Jade for her 7th birthday. And I did it at my friend  Duff Goldman's pastry shop. He made six-inch cakes  for all the kids, and everybody got to pick their own flavor, right? And then  they all decorated them. And I noticed the excitement on their faces and the ability  to be so creative, and to actually take something  physically home with them and create such a great memory. Julian's good -- He's decorating  and eating. I love it. The key to a kids' party is keeping the kids interested  and engaged. You have to create  an environment that stimulates them. They need to be able to just  touch and feel and move around. Oh, that's cool, Owen! Which is why the gingerbread  house is so great. Gingerbread houses are part  of the holiday season. Why not do a party that really  engages all these kids? Very nice, baby. That includes the food,  the decorations, everything. Make it fun, colorful, and unexpected. I thought, why not make a menu where there's savory food  for the kids to eat, right, so they're  not just eating candy, but at the same time  while they're eating, they could also  be using their imagination? So I'm making  my s'mores popcorn, a modern twist  on the campfire favorite. Veggie forest  with Parmesan-ranch dip -- a fun way to get the kids  excited about vegetables. Pizza grilled cheese -- two things that kids love, blended  into a very happy sandwich. And my hot chocolate affogato, a playful spin  on a classic Italian treat. The holidays  are about indulging, so I want the kids  to be able to do that. Jade loves s'mores,  so instead of making s'mores, I made popcorn  with a s'more topping, with all the flavors of s'mores. And I thought all the kids  might enjoy that, because who doesn't like  s'more popcorn, right? So I'm melting 1/2 cup  of bittersweet chocolate chips for my s'mores popcorn. And I got to tell you,  this is a really fun treat for the kids and for me. And I usually make this  on the weekends for Jade. It's all the flavors  of a s'more, which Jade loves,  but on popcorn. I thought it'd be really fun  while the kids decorate their gingerbread  houses for them to have some snacks to eat. Let's grab some mini  marshmallows, oh, yeah, some crushed graham crackers, and my popcorn. And I just popped 1/2 cup  of popcorn, put it in a Dutch oven with  a little bit of vegetable oil, and let it pop  for about 3 minutes. And then pour 2 tablespoons  of melted butter over the top just to kind of give it that  little bit of buttery flavor. I'm gonna sprinkle about 1/2 cup of crushed graham crackers  right over the top. It's about 5 or 6  graham crackers altogether. And who doesn't like  mini marshmallows? I mean, honestly, right? About a cup of mini marshmallows  right over the top. The glass bowl  can get kind of hot, so you just have to be careful. So I always like to use a mitt,  just to make sure. And then we just  drizzle the chocolate right over the top. There we go.  Okay, so we've got all of that. Now what I want to do  is just mix it all together. My s'mores popcorn is done. Up next, I'm gonna get started  on my little vegetable garden. It's a magical forest  that makes eating veggies fun. And some handbook tips  for keeping kids excited and engaged. GIADA: I'm opening up  my holiday handbook to share  some of my tried-and-true ideas for a festive gingerbread-house  party for Jade and some of her friends. My secret to success is keeping the kids interested and engaged, so the menu is playful and fun. The s'mores popcorn is ready, and now I'm starting  on my veggie forest with Parmesan-ranch dip. Got to have some vegetables. Got to figure out  how to do that. But I don't want  to sneak it into the food. I want them to actually look at  it and go, "That's super cool. I want to eat it." So, I put it on some wheat grass so it looked like a field  or a forest of vegetables. And Jade loves ranch dressing, so I made  a homemade ranch dressing and took the vegetables  that most kids eat, and it looks cool  when you present it. I'm starting with my Parmesan-ranch dressing. I'm adding 1/4 cup of buttermilk  to 1/2 cup of Greek yogurt, which is nice and thick. So the combination of the two  creates this nice tang, but the buttermilk loosens up  the yogurt so it's creamy. It's the basis of making  a homemade ranch dressing, which is really, really easy. Okay, so now we're gonna add a little cheesy goodness  to it by adding 1/4 cup of Parmigiano-Reggiano right  in there. So it gives a sort  of a cheesy flavor to the ranch dressing. Okay, a little Parmesan cheese  right in there. Gonna add a little bit of salt,  even out the flavors. And I'm gonna chop up  a little bit of dill. And the dill works really well  with the creaminess and the tang of the yogurt  and the buttermilk. And if your child  doesn't like dill, then you can just leave it out. But I'm telling you,  it adds a lot of flavor and some freshness as well. I usually never add or use  garlic powder or onion powder, but for this particular part  of the recipe, it works really well. So we're gonna add 1/2 teaspoon  of garlic powder... and 1/4 teaspoon  of onion powder. And it's that intense sort  of garlic and onion flavor, but it's also mixed  with a little bit of salt, so it's very mild  but gives it a pungent flavor without being too, too garlicky  for the kids, especially. So, it works really well  in here. I bought us some wheat grass. And you can buy it  at your local juicery place or even at  a home-and-garden store. And you buy it in pieces or you  can buy a whole bed of it. And you break it up  and you put it in a bowl. And then I put these little cups inside of it like this so it  looks like a little garden. And I'm gonna add some snap peas  and some carrots and some bell pepper,  we're gonna do right now. Jade likes bell pepper. And I find a lot  of kids like it. It's a really nice,  colorful addition, and slightly sweet,  so it works really well. And it's crunchy,  and it's a nice little way for kids to eat their veggies. So I'm gonna cut it  in little strips so they can kind of dip  it in the ranch dressing. And this is one  of my favorite ways to get kids to eat veggies, 'cause I think veggies  are such a great -- obviously wonderful  for kids to eat. But a lot of times, you've got to be really creative  with how you do it because they don't want  to otherwise eat them. And then I take a cucumber,  just 'cause, again, it's something  that Jade really likes. So, you can kind of figure  out what your kids like and then you can use  whatever vegetables they enjoy. I find that overall, cucumbers,  bell peppers, carrots, and snap peas are a favorite  across all kids. And then I take my little forest and I take a few snap peas,  a few carrots. I kind of put them in there. I take a few slices of cucumber. I take a couple of pieces  of the red bell pepper. And I put that sort  of assortment in each one, so all the kids can grab, right? And then I fill one of these  with some of the dressing, and they can kind of dip  and go along. Which reminds me,  I should probably taste the dip just to make sure. Mmm, that's good. A tad more salt,  and we're good to go. ♪♪ When it comes to a kids' party,  decorations are key. They inspire and stimulate  creativity. So, when I'm thinking about  how I'm going to visualize the party in the kitchen, I really think about  what's the wow factor. So I thought, "Oh, you know, I could do  like a winter wonderland." It feels very warming and loving and colorful. It's the Christmas holiday,  so I think red. But not traditional. So I'm going with hearts -- heart-shaped bowls, little cups, and red-and-white straws. When it comes  to the gingerbread houses, I got a little gingerbread-house  kit online. Which you can find anywhere. So, I gave each kid  just a basic gingerbread house, which is very easy  to put together. And then I went bananas  when I bought the candy. I have gum drops and candy canes and just a plethora  of different candies that I thought they could use to build  their own gingerbread house. The ability to be so creative and makes something  as a centerpiece and it's also edible  for your family through the holiday season is to me what makes the holidays so special. And those are the memories  that kids and adults take throughout a lifetime. Coming up, all the flavors that kids love  in one very friendly sandwich. And a delightful little cup  of holiday cheer. GIADA: I'm digging  into my holiday handbook to share some of my go-to ideas for hosting  a gingerbread-house party. The secret to success is keeping  kids interested and engaged. So, I've started on a whimsical  menu of holiday snacks. My next dish  will make everyone smile. I know that kids love pizza, so why not do like a pizza  grilled cheese? It's easier to do  a grilled cheese with all the flavors of pizza than it is to actually  have a pizza there. What we're starting  with is the cheesy part. A cup of ricotta cheese. And we're gonna add 2 cups  of shredded mozzarella. So we're basically gonna make  this nice sort of cheesy spread that we're gonna put  on the bread. And then I have a really fun way  to grill the cheese and make these  into grilled-cheese sandwiches. 1/2 cup of Parmesan cheese. We're gonna reserve the rest just to put on the actual bread. Then I'm gonna  add a little bit of basil to kind of have the flavor  of a pizza on a grilled cheese. So, we're gonna add that. Then we're gonna  add some pepperoni. So, any kind of pepperoni  that you can find. Jade really likes pepperoni. One of her favorite pizzas  is pepperoni pizza. So, thought it would be nice  to add that in. You know, you just go  to the deli or you can just find it in the deli section  of your grocery store, whatever kind of pepperoni  or salami your kids like. And then you want to chop  it up so that you can put it into the mix and you can easily spread it  on the actual bread. All right, so it's about 1/2 cup or 12 large slices of pepperoni. There we go.  Just want to mix this all up. And I love the color of it, too. The mixture is done. We're gonna put butter  on both slices of the bread. So this is gonna be the top  of it. And the butter just obviously will help the Parmesan  cheese stick to the top and also create a nice sort  of golden crust on top. Now, flip 'em over like that. And we start  with about a tablespoon or so of tomato sauce. Marinara. On both pieces. And you just want to spread  a little bit of tomato sauce. Not too much, because you don't want  to make the bread wet. But you just want to give it  a little tomato-saucey, sort of marinara flavor  like you would have on a pizza. Then you take some  of the cheesy spread like that. And put that on both slices. So you can prep  this in advance, too. You can make  this all ahead of time. And we spread that over it. You know, just create a nice  spread so there's a nice amount of filling in there. All right,  then take the sandwich, and I just flip it like that. And kind of press  it down a little bit. I use some of  the remaining Parmesan cheese, and I just kind of sprinkle it  right over the top. 'Cause you want a nice,  cheesy, buttery crust that gets nice and golden brown. Flip it over. Press it down so  that the Parmesan cheese sticks to the butter. All right,  first sandwich is done. ♪♪ So I heated up my two sheet pans  at 425 for about 10 minutes  to get them nice and hot. And that's kind of the trick  to this. Then I sprayed the bottom of this sheet pan  with a nonstick cooking spray and then I sprayed the bottom  of this one the same thing. Gonna place all four sandwiches  on the sheet tray. And remember that this is hot. So just get them all to kind  of snuggle in there. Then take your oven mitts,  'cause they're hot, and we tend to forget  that I have heated it. And we land it right on top  and kind of press it down. And then we're gonna pop  this in a 425-degree oven again for another 10 minutes  to melt all the cheese and get a nice crust  on the outside of the grilled cheese. To elevate the pizza  grilled cheese, I put little smiley faces  using olives and pepperoni, all the flavors that they love. Because what?  They're visual, you know? And they like to see it. So, they look at it  and they're like, "That's not just a grilled cheese.  That has a happy face on it." Oh, my goodness.  it just brings joy. So my grilled cheese  have cooled. Then you cut the grilled cheese  in thirds. Then you take each piece. I take a little bit  of mozzarella first. We're gonna make a really fun face using olives and pepperoni. And mozzarella. So this is what we do. You put one here. Little mozzarella there.  A little mozzarella there. To create the two eyes. Then a little mozzarella  for the nose. And then just a little  mozzarella for the mouth. The reason you want  to put the mozzarella down is 'cause it acts like glue. 'Cause here we go. You take two black olives, and I put them right on top. Then I take a piece  of a cocktail olive that has a little pimento  in the middle, and you buy them whole  and you can just slice it. And that can be the nose. So he has a little red nose  in the middle. And then you  take some more pepperoni and you cut strips out of it. And the ends  are gonna be the happy faces. So you go just like that. And that is my happy face. Isn't that cute? And then I put them  back on the tray, because I'm gonna pop them  in a 200-degree oven and keep them nice and warm  until the kids get here. And the mozzarella will melt and everything will stick to it. Coming up, a festive drink  that doubles as dessert. GIADA: I'm opening up  my holiday handbook to share  some of my tried-and-true ideas for a colorful and fun gingerbread-house party. When it comes to a kids' party,  the secret to success is keeping them engaged. That starts with the food. So, I've created a menu  of eye-catching dishes. Now time for my very  special holiday hot chocolate. An affogato is a classic  Italian dessert, very simple -- ice cream with espresso. But obviously I can't do  that for the kids, espresso. So I decided to do a little bit of vanilla ice cream  dunked in hot chocolate. And that would be a really fun, warming, holiday-like drink  that they could have. It's sort of chocolaty. It's a wonderful dessert.  It's decadent. It's fun. And it's with all the flavors  that they love. I'm heating up 2 cups  of milk for my hot chocolate. So, I'm using 2% milk just to make it a little  bit lighter for the kids. And I'm gonna add 1 cup  of semi-sweet chocolate chips. And then to just reinforce  that chocolate flavor -- this is gonna be really fun -- I'm gonna add 2 tablespoons  of cocoa powder. Unsweetened cocoa powder. Right into the milk. All right,  and then you just want to give it a quick little whisk and start melting the chocolate  and the cocoa powder into the milk. I also want to add a little bit  of salt just to balance out  the sweetness. Chocolate is melted and the cocoa powder  is all incorporated. So let's grab our ice cream. I'm gonna  use some vanilla ice cream. The idea here is that you  can keep the vanilla ice cream pretty cold until right  before you want to use it, because you want to see  the vanilla ice cream being drowned  by the hot hot chocolate. That's the whole idea.  Affogato means drowning. So, the ice cream is drowning  in the hot chocolate. I'm gonna do two scoops. Because I can. But you can definitely  just do one. I like to do it in little cups  because it's pretty rich. I ladle a little bit  of the hot chocolate. Make sure it's hot so it drowns  and melts the ice cream. Let me pour it  right over the top. You want to see a little bit  of the ice cream, still. And then I like to decorate it  with a gingerbread cookie. Since we're doing  a gingerbread-house-decorating party, I thought it'd be fun. Then I take a mini candy cane  and I just kind of decorate it and put it on the side.  It's super cute. And I think the kids  are gonna love it. They're gonna feel like it's a  little hot chocolate tea party, which I think will be  really fun. All right, the kids  are gonna be here soon. I'm gonna finish  off the hot chocolate affogato and then get ready for my gingerbread-decorating party. I decided to have the gingerbread party in the kitchen because it's a lot easier  to clean up. And with these type of parties, you have to prepare for a bit  of a mess. So, I thought the kitchen  would be a fun place to do it on the counter, and all the kids  could be at the same level. And the kids  could also look at each other. You know, you want them to be  able to engage with each other, and you want a space  that you can put the food out. So to me, the kitchen seemed like the perfect venue for that. The kitchen, to me,  is the heart of the holidays. There's also jellybeans  over here and there's candy canes  and gum drops. Where are the gum drops?  Yeah, they're right here. Everybody feel free to grab  whatever you want. Mommy, can I try something  before I put it on? Try everything, Jade. The more you try,  the better we are. It's so cute,  the coconut! Now, you pick candies, and you're gonna  decorate it any way you want. Did you guys try the drink? Hot chocolate with ice cream,  guys. And you have some sandwiches,  you guys. It's a pizza. GIRL: This is so good. Look -- lookit! Sandwiches are so good. Okay, we'll both go. Go. Mmm, so good. It's all the flavors  of a pizza. Lucy, you got to try. Ooh, May's  trying affogato. I like that.  With the hot chocolate. Go, May. Go, Skyler.  Ladies. You're good.  Will, you're doing good. Julian's good -- He's decorating  and eating. I love it. I want them to fall in love  with the kitchen. And I want them to want  to spend time there and have great memories  spent in the kitchen. I found  the marshmallow! Yeah, you found  the marshmallow. See? Ah! Ah!  Ah! Ah! Julian's my favorite -- my favorite little eater  over here, and so is Will.  Good job. This is literally  like a grilled-cheese pizza. It is like  a grilled-cheese pizza. Grilled-cheese pizza  is great. [ Laughs ] Does anyone want to try  some veggies in this forest? I'll have a carrot! Oh, my gosh. You're gonna have a carrot,  Lucy? That's awesome. Jade's favorite is ranch  dressing. There you go, baby. How is it, guys?  Really good. Yeah, the veggies  are good? May, that is adorable. Look at her chimney with the red candy on top of it. Isn't that neat? Just to watch their sense  of imagination coming to life, their sense of color and touch  and all of those things, it's very special. That's so cool. Ooh, cute, Jade! Oh, that's cool, Owen! GIRL: Can I put some  on my house? Yeah, yeah, yeah,  yeah, yeah! Everybody is doing  such a good job. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 