Giada's Holiday Handbook: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook 
 s1e1 - 'Tis the Season Open House - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - 'Tis the Season Open House - full transcript 
 The series premieres with a festive open house, featuring a menu inspired by Autumn. Included: chai-chocolate truffles. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Yeah! GIADA: I love the holidays,  and I also love to entertain. Thank you! In fact, over the years, I've gathered together  my favorite recipes and ideas to create a one-of-a-kind  holiday handbook. It's filled with pages and pages  of cherished recipes and menus, unique party themes, cocktails for every occasion, and some really  fun decorating ideas. Whether it's a classic Thanksgiving dinner, open house, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 or Christmas with the kids, I have everything you need to make the party truly sparkle. Cheers, you guys. So, today, I'm kicking off  the season with an open house and making  a special holiday menu of cocktail-style comfort food. Plus, I'm digging  into my handbook to share  some tried-and-true tips for making guests  feel right at home. It's my 'Tis the Season  open house, and you're invited. The 'Tis the Season party's  a kickoff to the holidays, and I always like to do  sort of an open house, so people can come, and they go. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The key to a successful open-house party is to make the guests feel  very at home. If you make your guests feel  at home, they relax and laugh  and have a great time. So I really want to make  every part of my open house feel warm and inviting and make food that feels homey  and comforting. And I always like to have  something warm, something that I'm finishing  at the last minute so it makes the house  smell good, and then, of course,  got to have some chocolate. So, it's casual,  but it tells people, "Hey, my house is open to you." That's it! That's a fun, inviting,  comfortable open house. I'm making my cocktail-style  comfort food -- My chai chocolate truffles  are great, because you make them  a few days ahead and pop them in the fridge. They're always decadent,  and they always look beautiful, and I think people associate  them with something special, and they associate them  with the holidays. In my opinion,  chai is very warming. It's like a giant hug. We're gonna start  with 1 1/2 cups of heavy cream, and to it, we're gonna add 7 chai tea bags. You can buy these  at the grocery store. And I put them all together  and made a little knot, just so it's much easier  to pull them out later. What we're gonna do,  similarly to making tea, is we're going to infuse  the heavy cream with the chai flavor. So we're just gonna let  that steep for a couple of minutes. While that's happening, I'm going to chop up  some chocolate. I'm using dark chocolate --  70% dark chocolate -- and about 9 ounces of it. And since I'm huge  on desserts and chocolate, nothing is better than this, on top of the fact that I can  make this way in advance -- several days in advance  if I want to. Remember, the smaller the chunks  of chocolate, then the faster it's gonna melt  with the warm cream. And we're basically making  what's known as a ganache. So, what happens to a ganache, it's very thick  and very decadent, creamy. What we're gonna do is  we're gonna melt the chocolate with the warm cream, right? And then we're gonna set it  in the fridge to chill and harden a little bit so that we can make  little truffle balls out of it, and then roll it  in a little cocoa powder, and then dust it  with a little gold leaf to make it look really pretty. It's the perfect little decadent  bite during the holidays. That's the fun part  of chopping chocolate is that you can eat  a little bit of it. Nobody will miss it. The cream is infused. I'm gonna add  a little bit of salt, just to kind of balance  out all the sweetness and give it a quick,  little stir. Mmm.  Cinnamon, cloves. It smells so good. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take the tea bags out. And, see, that's why I like  putting them in a little knot. It makes it a lot easier  to take them all out instead of taking them all  one-by-one. Let them drip a little bit  of that chai flavor into the tea, and there we go. Then, we take the hot cream and pour it over all the chopped  chocolate, just like that, and take a little whisk and start  just melting the chocolate. And you just want to make sure  that all the chocolate is completely melted and it sort of just  turns the cream this deep, chocolate color. See?  Nice and thick. Nick and thick and shiny.  That's what you want. All right, so,  we're gonna cover this with a little bit  of plastic wrap. So, I'm gonna pop  this in the fridge for a few hours  so it can harden, and then I'm gonna scoop it  and finish this off. Another tip for helping  your guests feel at home is in the way  you decorate the space. You don't have to spend  a lot of money to create a cozy  and relaxed vibe. For a holiday open house,  I'm inspired by nature. I have a collection  of animal mugs and platters that I'm using to create  some seasonal warmth. Decorative acorns, little  pumpkins, and fresh flowers are also easy ways  to bring the outdoors inside. Paper napkins are great, too, because you can have some fun  with the design, and they can be  a conversation starter. I think that the special touches  are always in the details, and that's what makes  the holidays so much fun. So, my ganache has hardened,  and look at the chocolate now. And what you want to do is just scoop out  about a tablespoon measure so that all the truffles  are exactly the same size. Make a little ball out of it, and just roll it  in some cocoa powder, and then we'll land it  in this container. So you just leave it  until you're ready to serve it. What I like to do  right before I serve it, just to make them extra festive, is to sprinkle them  with a little bit of gold dust. But this part can all be  done several days in advance. Just keep it in an airtight  container in the fridge. Another way to make people feel  at home is in the presentation. I like to create  a "wow" factor -- something that pulls guests  over to the table and gets them talking. And, then, what I like to do  is assemble the truffles on a platter  on little pieces of gold, as if it was a string of pearls  so that it looks really pretty. I just think that that makes it feel elegant, and it makes  it feel very holiday-like. Coming up, I'm digging  into my holiday handbook to share  another favorite recipe. Nothing will make your friends  feel more at home than my comforting  white velvet soup. GIADA: I'm opening up  my holiday handbook to share some  of my favorite recipes, ideas, and time-tested tips for  a 'Tis the Season open house. My secret to success  is making guests feel at home, so I've started on a menu of cocktail-style comfort foods. My chai chocolate truffles  are chilling in the fridge, and now I'm starting on my comforting white velvet soup. What I like to do is make a cup  and pull out my slow cooker and allow that  to keep the soup warm, and then have lots  of different toppings. It's like a soup bar in a way,  which I think is kind of homey. I'm peeling my parsnips  for my white velvet soup, and I've already  chopped an onion. I'm peeling  my fourth parsnip here. There's something  very comforting about  soup during the holidays, and this soup  in particular is so good. What we want to do is cut the ends off the parsnip. We're just gonna dice it up,  just like you do carrots. And it's very similar  to a carrot. It looks like a carrot, but it's sort of denser  and a little bit starchier. So, what we want to do is just dice it up. Parsnips done -- now we're gonna  do two celery stalks. And the celery's sort  of a neutral flavor, but it adds nice body. It's sort of an essential  in most soups. Onion, carrot, and celery is the flavor base  of a soup. Okay, and now one of my favorite  vegetables -- fennel. Again, fennel has a little bit  of a licorice flavor, so it's really yummy. And for the holidays,  I really like it in here. And, again, it adds nice body and adds flavor and freshness  to the soup. We use it a lot in Italy, and we make all sorts  of things with it, and it's just one  of my favorites. Even just raw in a salad,  it's fantastic. Great. Now I'm gonna start cooking up  all my vegetables here. A little bit of olive oil  at the bottom of the pan. Turn on the stove. We'll just add all the veggies  in here -- the onion, the parsnip. And you can make this soup  in advance and just keep it in the fridge  and just warm it up the day of, which is so fantastic. The trick to good entertaining  is to make as much of the meal and as many of the dishes  in advance as possible. And then a little bit of salt. And we're just gonna  give this a nice stir. And you kind of just want the vegetables to cook down just a little bit first  before you add the liquid. Great. I'm gonna grab some fennel  and some bay leaf. I want to add  some flavoring agents. And 4 cups of water. And then we're gonna flavor it with the bay leaf  and some fennel seeds to kind of reinforce  that licorice-y flavor. We're gonna add 1 bay leaf. It's very herby. It will help give flavor  to the soup, especially since we used water  instead of chicken broth. And we're gonna use 1/2 teaspoon  of fennel seeds. And fennel seeds you can buy  at the grocery store. They're just like this.  They're little seeds. And they're dried, and they have a nice sort  of licorice flavor to them. So, 1/2 teaspoon right in there. So, now I'm gonna  put the lid on, and we're gonna let this cook until the vegetables  are nice and tender. If you ask me, there's  nothing homier than a soup bar, and that's another little trick  of mine to making guests feel  right at home. What I like to do with the soup, because it's a white soup, is I want to have lots  of different colorful toppings. So we do bacon. You do little cornbread  croutons. You do some cheese.  You do some herbs. And what I like to do  is make a little gremolata, which sort of brightens up  a dish. That's what we use it  in Italy for. I just chop parsley, some  lemon zest, some pomegranates, and some salt,  and I mix that together. The gremolata's sort of  the freshness that goes on top of the soup. For a real homey  and casual feel, I like to serve the soup  in mugs. A lot of people  have a collection of mugs, and you can do a combination  of different types of mugs, and you can put them all out  during the holidays and use those as a way  to serve the soup, which I think is kind  of nice and fun. I'm finishing up pureeing  all the vegetables for my soup. So, what we want to do  is add some almond milk -- unsweetened almond milk -- about 3/4 cup  for the entire batch. And this will give it sort of that velvety thickness  that I love. So, we're just gonna  put the lid on. You want to make sure  and puree the soup when it's cooled down  a little bit. You don't want to do it  when it's piping-hot. There we go. You want it pureed  until all the vegetables are nice and smooth so you get this nice,  white, thick soup. Look at that! It's so pretty! Okay.  So, my soup is done. My gremolata is done. I'm just gonna chill my soup until I'm ready to put it  in the crock pot for later. And up next,  I'm gonna get started on these cute, little, puff  pastry-wrapped sausage bites. And the bar is open. A festive cocktail  to get the party started. GIADA: Welcome to  my 'Tis the Season open house. I'm sharing my holiday handbook  of favorite tips, ideas, and recipes  for the perfect holiday party. My make-ahead menu  is coming together. Time to start working  on a very special appetizer -- a little twist on a classic. I like to do my version of pigs in a blanket with a lamb sausage and puff pastry so it makes  the house smell good. And I like to bake them off periodically throughout the time of the open house, because it makes the whole house  smell like puff pastry, which I think is a very warming, very comforting, very inviting  scent and aroma in the air. So, I've just cooked  five lamb sausages for my spicy sausage bites. I really love lamb, and these lamb sausages  are so good. I just cook them  for about six minutes. Get a nice, golden color  on them. And I want them to cool  completely before I cut them, because I'm gonna roll them  in some puff pastry. I'm gonna set these over here. We're gonna let those cool. In the meantime, I'm gonna make my dipping sauce. Very easy. We're just gonna use  1/2 cup of sour cream, and we're gonna chop up  some fresh mint. Mint and lamb work  so well together. And, then, with the tang of the sour cream, it creates sort  of this luscious, velvety dipping sauce, which I think is gonna  be really great. Super, super fast. So, we add the mint right  in there, a little bit of salt, and we're just gonna  mix it all together. And that is our dipping sauce. I make it in advance. Just allow the mint to sort  of infuse in the sour cream so it has a lot more flavor  later on. Okay. So, the sauce is done. Now, before we cut the sausage,  let's grab our puff pastry and stick this in the fridge  to chill. Okay. So, this is my puff pastry. Just use store-bought  puff pastry. Super, super simple. You want to keep it chilled  until right before you use it. And what I want to do  is just take my sausages, and I'm gonna  cut them into quarters. So just cut them,  just like this, so you have four pieces. You could use  any sausage you want. You could use  chicken apple sausage. You could use turkey sausage. It kind of just depends on you. It's the holidays. I love the flavor of lamb. I like the warmth of it. I like all the flavoring  inside of this sausage. So you just have to use  your favorite type of sausage. We'll set that over here. And here is the puff pastry. I love working with this. It's the perfect texture. Sometimes,  there's just no reason to make something from scratch, just because  some of the products and ingredients you can find  at the store are just so good,  there's no point. So, I just want to add  a little bit of flour. And we're just gonna roll it out  just a tiny bit -- not a lot. Ever so slightly. Then, I'm gonna take my handy,  little pizza slicer. And this is a really great way  to get even, little strips. And we're just gonna  do 10 strips down. Just make sure that your pizza  slicer is nice and sharp. See how easy this is? And these are so decadent. And, then, you just want  to cut them in half, like that. I want to grab my baking sheet  and my caraway seeds, which we're gonna add on top. So, we're gonna grab  a strip and a sausage. We'll roll it like this so each one is the perfect,  little bite, just like that. Then, we brush the top  with a little bit of egg wash, just to give it a nice,  golden color when you bake it, and it puffs up beautifully. An egg wash is basically  just a couple of eggs beaten. It also helps  because I want to add some caraway seeds  right on top. And caraway is a seed that has  a very strong, herby flavor, and it has a little bit  of sort of a minty flavor, too, which works really well  with the lamb without the sweetness of mint, so it's just really pretty. And, then, we just land it  on the baking sheet like that. So, here we go. Grab a strip. Place the sausage  right on one side of it, and then roll it up  like a jelly roll. I'm gonna finish off  the rest of my sausage bites, and I'm gonna place  them in the fridge and let them chill a little bit  before I bake them. I want to bake them right before my friends get here so the house smells  like buttery goodness. And up next,  I'm gonna do my little fun bubbles  and cocktail bar. This is gonna be a great party. My holiday handbook  is filled with a collection of signature cocktails, and I know just the right one to make the open house  extra-special. GIADA: I'm digging  into my holiday handbook to share my collection  of tried-and-true tips, ideas, and recipes  for a festive open house. My key to success  is making guests feel at home, so I've created a menu  of elevated comfort food. Now it's time  for a festive cocktail. Because it's the holidays, I don't want  to just do beer and wine. I want to do something  a little more festive. So I did a little jam cocktail, and it's always  a great conversation starter. I reduce down  some raspberry jam. I add a little bitters. Mix it up. Put a little into the glass, and then  they can choose their alcohol. Either you want a little bubbly,  a Prosecco, or vodka, or you just want  to make a mock cocktail and just do  a little sparkling water. And you can kind  of create your own cocktail, and it helps people to kind  of get to know each other in case they didn't. ♪ Slam that! ♪ The last step is to make sure that the room is set up in a way that makes guests feel at home. Whenever you have a party  that is an open house, where people are coming  and going and mingling  over a period of time, it's always a good idea  to list what the dishes are so you're not going to have to  repeat yourself 100 times over. You have to think  about the movement in the room. Rather than putting the food out  on one table, I like to spread things out so people mingle and move around the room. I like to stagger food. Do one platter.  Do a little cake stand. Like, kind of change  the elevation of the food. And it almost feels  like you've made more variety than you actually have. And, then, I pop a batch of spicy sausage bites in the oven, get the house smelling  like buttery puff pastry, and we're good to go. GIADA: How is it?  Woman: All right. MAN: I love all the little garnishes. Right?  Awesome, right? Yeah, it's so fancy.  Yeah. Make it fancier, and, also,  just make it more fun. Like a meal in a bite. Mmm! Awesome, right? The whole idea here is that you make your own cocktail. But I'm gonna show you how to make it.  Okay. It's a jam cocktail. Put a little bit of lavender bitters in. I would like to feel  festive with some Prosecco. Some Prosecco. Jam and Prosecco.  Gonna go  straight to Italy. Let's do it. Yep.  Feeling festive. Well, I think  a little bubbles is always a nice choice during the holidays, right? This is why I open your cute,  little napkins. Julie, there you go. I know. My fox napkins. I might have to take  one of these home, just as a little memory. Cheers! Here, I'll give you  a little toast. [ Laughs ]  Yeah. They're chai,  like a chai latte. That's insane! I need to get  a chocolate truffle with some sparkle  on there. Oh, no.  They're not any good. Don't come near them. A little to-go container. GIADA: I'll give you  some Tupperware to-go. WOMAN:  Everyone likes the drinks. The jam cocktail?  The jam cocktails. You have to make sure  and stir it a lot, 'cause the jam will settle  to the bottom if you don't. That's why I put  the stirrers. Oh, that's why I need a shorter glass. [ Laughter ] One of my secrets  for holiday entertaining is to always have a little  take-home gift for my friends. And for my 'Tis the Season  kickoff party, I have a gift  that's always a winner. I always like to do  survival kits for my friends where they have  all the little things that you could run out of  for making a great gift for the holidays,  like tags, fun tape, some fun little wrapping paper,  little bows. All the things you might need are all in this little  survival kit. Everybody that you love  to invite to your house is special to you  in one way or the other, so it's a little token  of thanks. And it can be something  as little as a cute, little pen  and a little notepad. I mean, it doesn't have  to be an expensive gift. It's just a thought. And people love  those little tokens of thanks. GIADA: Here are some... WOMAN: Thank you so much.  MAN: Thank you. ...little gifts to help you with the holiday season. Little survival kits  for the holiday. Thank you so much. Here. Watching Brian open it. "Buy one festy."  What?! What's this say, Giada?  I don't speak Italian. "Buone feste."  Oh, is that what it says? Happy holidays,  basically. You've got  the jam cocktail. Oh, good, good.  We need that. My gosh,  these are so cute. Happy holidays, everybody. ALL: Thank you! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 