Giada's Holiday Handbook: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook 
 s1e4 - Santa's Grab Bag - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada's Holiday Handbook (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Santa's Grab Bag - full transcript 
 Giada hosts a Christmas celebration for her large extended family. Recipes include roasted fennel with Parmesan; creamy lobster pasta; chocolate-almond cheesecake; and a citrus-berry-vermouth spritz. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Yeah! I love the holidays. And I also love to entertain. - Thank you. - Thanks so much. Thanks, Giada. In fact, over the years, I've gathered together my favorite recipes and ideas to create a one-of-a-kind holiday handbook. It's filled with pages and pages of cherished recipes and menus, unique party themes, cocktails for every occasion, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and some really fun decorating ideas. Whether it's a classic Thanksgiving dinner, open house, or Christmas with the kids, I have everything you need to make the party truly sparkle. Cheers, you guys. Today, I'm hosting a Santa's grab bag party for my family. Okay, I think I got the biggest one! - All right. - Wow. I'm making a special holiday dinner that offers a little something for everyone. I love it. Plus, I'm digging into my handbook to share some of my tried-and-true tips for making the holiday extra-special. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's my Santa's grab bag family party, and you're invited. The Christmas holiday is big for me and for my family. The idea of Santa's grab bag is that Jade and Julian can kind of carry around a little Santa's bag. We got a double Santa situation! Whoo-hoo! And I ask everybody to bring something. - The biggest one! - It's a great way to get a little gift for everybody in your family, 'cause that is, I think, the most stressful for people with large families. And they don't have to be expensive. The key to a successful Santa's grab bag is a little something for everyone. And that includes the menu. I like to have something for everyone so every person in my family feels really special. I think that's what the holidays are about. It's about simple food that everybody can enjoy. What an easy dish, the fennel. You can make food that's a little more family style that everybody can kind of serve themselves. Whoo, baby. There's nothing like a little pasta, pasta. Those are the keys to a successful menu. If you want your family to feel the love, my chocolate almond cheesecake is the ticket. It's decadent, rich, and you can make it ahead. My roasted fennel with Parmesan is a quick and easy side. The star of the show is my creamy lobster linguine. And, of course, some holiday bubbles to get everyone in the spirit. - To Santa's grab bag. - Yeah, Santa's grab bag. I like to start with the cheesecake because it can be made the day before. It's luscious and decadent and filled with holiday flavors. My family loves cheesecake. It was something that we had a lot growing up. It's special. So, you basically just take chocolate graham crackers, slivered almonds, melted butter, and salt, and put it all in a food processor until you get a sand-like consistency, and then I press it into the bottom of a springform pan, and then I just pop it in the fridge. I'm gonna make a fun version of a traditional cheesecake filling. I'm using two 8-ounce packages of cream cheese. You want to make sure it's at room temperature. And 1 cup of Greek yogurt... Nice and thick Greek yogurt... For a little bit of tang with the cream cheese. And ½ cup of sugar. Then, we're gonna add... a teaspoon of almond extract. And we're gonna put the almond extract in the filling, we put almonds in the crust, and then we're gonna put more almonds on the topping, bringing the almond into every part of it. And, then, ½ teaspoon of vanilla extract. Mix this all together. Start slowly so you don't get covered in cream cheese. Usually, in Italy, we make it with ricotta cheese, but I want that tang. And, so, I think that the filling gets even better using the cream cheese. Okay. Now, we need 2 eggs to basically keep the cheesecake together. I love these kind of parties, because I have such a big extended family, and sometimes it's really hard to get everybody together on actual Christmas, so I like to do a couple of these parties and make it really casual and easy. Next, we are going to add the best part... the chocolate. So, I have 1 cup of semisweet chocolate chips that I melted. Yeah. I like the semisweet because it adds a little more sweetness to it. Now let's mix that together. It smells so good! All right, so, we've got our filling. Now let's grab our crust. Okay. So, I've got my chilled crust, and I'm gonna put it on a baking sheet. Just makes it a lot easier to carry to and from the oven. And, then, what we're gonna do is we're just gonna pour the filling right on top of the crust. So you can see there's chocolate crust, there's chocolate filling. It's funny, cheesecake is one of those things that Jade just now started to really enjoy. Now I think cheesecake might be her favorite thing. So, I did the graham-cracker crust on the bottom. Now, for the top, I'm gonna do sort of a streusel topping. It's a little added step, but it's really fun, and I think, for the holidays, it's perfect. So we do 1 cup of brown sugar. The brown sugar has smoky sweetness to it. And ½ cup of flour. So, then, we're gonna add another ½ cup of sliced almonds. 5 tablespoons of butter. And, then, you use your hands, and you mix it all together. It's gonna be kind of loose like this, kind of crumbly with the butter. Just make sure the flour, the butter, the almonds, and the sugar are all mixed really well together. And, then, you take it, sprinkle it over the top. This is gonna be so good! And, then, I'm gonna finish it off with a little powdered sugar, just to kind of give it a contrast of color, as if it snowed on top of the cheesecake, which is what I always tell Jade. So, now, spread it out so it covers the entire cheesecake, and I'm gonna bake this at 350 degrees for 45 minutes until the center is nice and set. Coming up, straight from my handbook, my family's favorite vegetable gets spruced up for the holidays. And my grab bag full of goodies has something for everyone. I'm digging into my holiday handbook to share some of my favorite recipes and ideas for a Santa's grab bag party with my family. The key to success is having a little something for everyone to enjoy, so I've started on a menu of family favorites. I want to create a menu that's easy, something that can be served family style so that everybody can pass platters or plates. Whoo, baby. It's a time to still chitchat and talk and spend time together, and food is a great way to do that. For instance, the roasted fennel... You can prep it. You could even bake it in advance if you want to and just reheat it. It's not something we have every day. And so those are the keys to a successful menu, and it changes depending on who's coming over. So, it gets back to the idea of there's something for everybody. It makes people feel special, and that to me is important. What I'm doing here is just pulling some of the fronds off. It smells very licorice-y, and I think it will be really nice to chop them up later and garnish this dish with them. And it's a nice, fresh flavor. I think that's all, pretty much, I need, though. I cut the end off, and I'm just gonna cut it in circles, like this, and we're gonna roast it in the oven. Now, fennel can be fibrous, so it's nice to roast it for quite some time. And layer them all on top of each other so it looks really pretty, and then we'll kind of just scatter them in the middle, as well. Okay, so, now, let's grab some lemon and some garlic. Everybody in my family loves fennel, including Jade. Jade eats it like a snack like this. Sometimes I will just give her cut-up fennel, and she just loves it. She eats it like you eat an apple. I think it's 'cause it's slightly sweet, so she thinks it's like a little treat. What we're gonna do with the garlic is just slice it and put it right on top. And just sprinkle it right over the top, just like that, for some added flavor. Now, we are going to zest some lemon to give this a nice, bright flavor. Next, Parmesan cheese. We're gonna roast it in the Parmesan cheese. It's just gonna melt right over the top, like a little snow Parmesan cheese. About ½ cup of Parmesan cheese. Great. Then, olive oil right over the top. And finishing it off with a little bit of salt. Just make sure that it's nice and seasoned. We're gonna pop this in a 375-degree oven for 45 minutes until the top is nice and golden and the fennel's nice and tender. And the kitchen's gonna smell really good. The idea of something for everyone extends to the decorations and table. When I do something like Santa's grab bag, I don't want it to be extremely formal, and I want it to be different from a traditional Christmas dinner. Cheers! Cheers! Cheers! Cheers! Instead of doing a tablecloth or a real runner, I take place mats that I have, and I put them together so they look like runners. And, then, I want a little red because it's the holidays, and to me, Christmas is red. But, then, I want a little sparkle, a little silver, a little twinkle, but nothing over the top. Even though this particular party is a casual get-together, I like to seat my family and give them a little ornament that they could all put on their trees. And that way, it has a little holiday feel to it, and it's a little extra touch. Coming up, talk about something for everyone. My next dish has it all... Pasta, lobster, and bacon. Oh, yeah. I'm opening up my holiday handbook to share some special recipes and ideas for a Santa's grab bag party with my family. The secret to success is having something for everyone, so I'm going all-out with the menu. My make-ahead dishes are done, so now it's time for the star of the show. When it comes to the pasta, I use lobster, and I use bacon. Lobster is not something that, especially in my family, we eat every day. We only eat it at special occasions. I think it's great. There's a little lobster treat in there. And, so, the combination of the two elevates that pasta dish. Even though it's a very simple pasta dish and doesn't take long to make, it's something that feels special. I've already browned some bacon in a little bit of olive oil, nice and crispy. I'm adding the shallots. And I'm gonna add a little bit of salt, just to start sweating those. So let's add some salt to the pasta water, and let's grab some linguine. We'll add some red-pepper flakes in a bit. So, I'm gonna make this with linguine... A very traditional way to make it. And what I love about the linguine is that they have, sort of, a flat surface. They allow the sauce to really stick to it. Start cooking the linguine. This is a really fast sauce. So you want to start cooking the pasta almost right from the beginning. We're gonna chop 2 cloves of garlic. Not too much garlic. I don't want to overpower it. That's one thing about this dish that sometimes, you know, you'll have it in a restaurant, and they tend to overpower it with too much garlic. But garlic and lobster... You know, they work well together if it's a delicate pairing. Look out. All right. Chop up the garlic. Get it right in there with the shallot. Next, we're gonna add some tomatoes. So we're just doing tomato puree... Something very simple, not flavored. There's nothing in here but pureed tomatoes. Keeping it very, very clean so we can highlight the lobster. Plus, I think lobster's one of those ingredients that makes people feel really special when they come over, like you really went all-out for them. We're gonna add some red-pepper flakes. Just a tiny bit. I think wakes up the flavors of the lobster, so it's good, and the cream sauce. And, then, 1/4 cup of heavy cream... ...just to kind of make it nice and velvety. You know, it's a holiday party. I want it to be fun, and I want it to look like a pink sauce. I think the pink sauce with the lobster works really, really well. So, we're gonna let this simmer for a couple of minutes while the pasta cooks. I am going to chop up the finishing touches. We're gonna really basically finish this off with some basil and some tarragon and then some arugula and some peas. So lots and lots of color, and lots of fresh flavors. Basil's up here. Next, we're gonna do some tarragon. It's sort of a mild, licorice sort of flavor, and it works really, really well with fish, shrimp, lobster. And I feel like it's very underused and people don't know what to do with it. Let's take a look at our pasta real quick. Oh, yeah. It's coming along, folks. It's coming along. Let's try this pasta. Mm-mm-mmm! Perfect. Perfectly al dente. It's funny, because you really want to take the pasta out just like a minute before it becomes cooked, really. That's what al dente means. It has a bite to it because it finishes cooking in the sauce. All right. First and foremost, following my grandfather, let's add the Parmesan cheese right on top of the pasta so it sticks to the pasta. Then the sauce will stick to the cheese that sticks to the pasta. The old, Southern Italian school of thought was that you don't add cheese to a pasta that has fish in it. But new school of thought... You can add cheese to anything you want. We are going to add the basil. See how pretty this is? Very Christmas colors. And the tarragon. Then, I'm gonna add the lobster. Here we go. So, I bought these from my fishmonger. And usually, you can buy already cooked lobster, so two tails and four claws, and that's pretty much enough. Put that right on top. Because I love arugula, a cup of arugula for a little spiciness. It's like eating my salad in my pasta. I always like to add a little arugula to everything. And for a little sweetness, peas... A cup of defrosted peas right over the top. And we're gonna turn off the heat and just toss everything together. And look how beautiful. If this doesn't look like Christmas, I don't know what does. Oh, I think my family's gonna flip over this. It's gonna be so good! The only thing I still want to do, though, is I just want to give it a quick, little try, because I just want to make sure that the seasoning is right. A tiny bit more salt, and we're good to go. My creamy lobster linguine is done. All I have left to do is make the perfect, light cocktail to go with this meal. It's one of my favorite cocktails in the handbook, bubbly, festive, and vibrant. Plus, a fun idea for adding some holiday sparkle. It's almost time for my Santa's grab bag party. The table is set. The food is ready. All we need is a festive cocktail. I think that along with the theme of the party should go some kind of signature cocktail. It doesn't always have to be a cocktail that has alcohol in it, but I think it's fun to know that there's something in particular that everybody's drinking. I wanted the cocktail to be something kind of light because I was making linguine with lobster, so I did very simply some vermouth, some club soda, give it a little effervescence, some fresh mint, and I'm really into making flavored ice cubes and ice cubes that have fruit in them. I just put a berry in an ice cube tray, and I filled it with water and put it in the freezer. So I have raspberries, blueberries, blackberries all in here. I love the fact that when they melt in the drink, then you have this fresh sort of flavor and color. So it's clean, it's fresh, it's light, but you have something to pair with your meal. And, then, for the kids, the same ice cubes, so they feel like they're adults and they're participating in all the fun. Cheers! Cheers! Cheers! Cheers! Cheers! - Together. - Yay! Julian, you got lost in the shuffle. Oh, Julian was waiting for Jade. Jade and Julian have lemonade. Jade, your blueberries are frozen in the ice. - Aw! - They are. Okay, pasta time. It's a creamy lobster. There's lobster in there. There's lobster. Thank you. Linguine. It's a linguine. Is that good, Juju, or do you want more? Mommy, I'll be done in one minute. Si. All right. Igsy's hungry. Whoo, baby. There's nothing like a little pasta, pasta. Can I give anybody some fennel? Yes, I want fennel. Pass me your plate. - Claudio wants fennel. - Yeah, I'd love some. - Igor wants fennel. - I love it. Mm-hmm. What an easy dish with the fennel. Right? Right. Was it fast? Yeah! How do you like the pasta, Julian? Mm-hmm. Mm-mmm! I think it's great. There's a little lobster treat in there. Okay, so, there's lobster. What else is in there, guys? - Lobster. - There's bacon. - Uh-huh! - Lobster. Bacon. There's bacon in there. And lobster. There's lobster. Very good. What makes it creamy? Just put a little cream in it? Yeah. - Just a little. - That's a good trick. After we eat dinner... We get to open presents! Yes, we have a little game, don't we, Jade? - Mm-hmm. - Okay. The game has to do with all the little gifts everybody brought. We put them in Santa's bag, and Santa is gonna go around and let everybody pick out of Santa's bag. Right? Yeah. Like, they can't see like this. And then they pick something and see what it is. I get to pick first, though, right? Mnh-mnh. Who's gonna go first? We are going to prepare the presents. Yay! And me and Jade get... Can you get out, my love? Mom! We're ready! We're ready! We got a double Santa situation! Yeah! Close your eyes. You got a ukulele! Oh! - Ukulele! - Nice! Ooh! You feel like you're in Hawaii yet? Here, you do it. I don't know how to do it. She's peeking. Oh, right! Go, Martha. Go, Martha. Do I have two or one? One. Thank you. These are very pretty. Who brought this one? Oh, yeah. I brought that one. Thank you! I have absolutely no clue. What do I got? Whoa. I need some real lessons. Whoa! Uh, I didn't get a gift, guys. What about me? Did you forget all about me? Let's see. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I got... Oh, he got two books. You love books. - So, you want to trade? - Okay, you guys can all trade. Whoa! Not the juggler. Yeah, that's pretty good, Jade! That's pretty good! - Whoo! - Oh! Well, to Santa's grab bag. Yes! Santa's grab bag. Oh! Do you want to bring the cake? Yeah! That's the best gift of all. It's right here. Us two. - I knew there was chocolate. - I promise. It's a chocolate cheesecake. - Oh, yum! -With a streusel. Very different. Cheesecake? You don't taste the cheese, though. This is delicious. This is so good. It might even be better on Christmas morning, too. Oh, yeah, with a cup of tea or coffee. And, then, this thing. Let's do it. Will there be any leftovers for Claudio? No! "It is certain." Claudio, you are the king. I'm the king of leftovers. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 