Brother vs. Brother: Season 7, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Brother vs. Brother 
 s7e2 - A Tale of Two Kitchens - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Brother vs. Brother (2013–…): Season 7, Episode 2 - A Tale of Two Kitchens - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Brother vs. Brother," we each bought a home in the beautiful L.A. neighborhood of Hancock Park. - In my hood. - What? - Want to be my neighbor? - And we're going mano a mano in our biggest flipping challenge ever. Boom. Ah! Last week, I chose the house with lots of historic charm. Whoo! Going old Hollywood with my reno is my winning ticket. - Wow. - I smell fear. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I picked the house right next door to Drew... This is what it's all about. ...with big ambitions of a Spanish-themed upgrade. Love that detail. I tasted victory with my living room win. - The House Next Door! - Oh! Whoo! ...while Drew tasted humble pie on "Entertainment Tonight." - Oh, man. - How do you live that down? This week it's the kitchen challenge. Which I always will, But this time, your goose is getting cooked. This competition started at birth. When I won because I came out first. We're always trying to one-up each other. Come get your ice cream! - It's actually pretty good. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This year we have our biggest budgets ever to renovate these houses, then flip them. The brother with the biggest net profit in the end wins. And along the way, our favorite HGTV friends will stop by to judge our spaces. I'm winning. - Not in my backyard. Oh, I'll be celebrating in your backyard. Nope. This is "Brother vs. Brother." It was so satisfying to kick off the entire competition with a win. Especially when he is so confident. "I know there's no way I can lose this." - I sound nothing like that. - What are you doing...? What are you doing just sitting in the pantry? I was getting my breakfast in the pantry. Oh, wait, I know why he was in there. It was from shame over the blooper reel that was sent in. - Wow. - Oh, gosh. Oh, boy. I didn't think anybody had that footage. I have no shame, so it's fine. This challenge will be the win. - What's that? - Kitchen. - Why are you always so confident when you have no basis? I feel I have lost enough kitchens that I deserve a win. I will need a longer timeline for this challenge because I have to do my addition now. Alright. So that means you're gonna have a massive kitchen. Okay. Check. Six weeks, kitchen, dining room. But it's up to the judges who wins and who loses. Who are they? I think we should have Maureen McCormick and Dan Vickery from "Frozen in Time." Maureen obviously was a blast when we were renovating the "Brady Bunch" house. Their whole show was about tastefully updating older homes. You have no historic elements in your home, and I do. So I'm good with that. Alright. So we need a reward. Have you ever wanted to stay overnight at Disneyland? - Yes. - Yes. There is an exclusive suite called 21 Royal. I say the winner stays there overnight. The least lucky brother has to go all around the park and collect up stuff that the winning brother is going to enjoy. I'm excited. I can't believe this is Disneyland's 65th anniversary. I would be the ultimate husband if I take Linda for a date night at Disneyland, staying overnight in 21 Royal. So I will take you down. - May be the best brother... have a cinnamon roll. - Yeah. No, you keep it. Why is he going into the pantry again? Why does Drew do anything that he does? I don't even know. Well, it looks like my home court advantage did not translate for a win last time, but this time I am feeling confident I'm going to bring home the W. And by the way, Jonathan's house is a few blocks away from mine, so hopefully that's far enough away from his prying eyes. Okay, I want you to forget the past. I don't care that Jonathan beat me. So let's make sure that this turns into the most impressive kitchen you have ever seen. I love it. I bought this house for $2.35 million and I budgeted $2 million for the renovation. I came in slightly over budget on the living room and front entry, so I've got to be careful with my kitchen and dining room spend. This is a new day, a new challenge, and this kitchen is going to be so different. In fact, this isn't even the kitchen right now. That tiny tucked away kitchen off to the side makes absolutely no sense. - Yeah. - We have to move the kitchen from the side of the house all the way over here. So we have to run plumbing. I have no idea what they were doing with this fountain, but I'm pretty sure the plumbing is not up to code over here. I'm going to make this weird fountain room the new kitchen by extending the wall back five feet. Then I'll lose the wall between there and the living room, creating an open flow to the new dining space. Oh, the biggest feature in this entire house that I want to keep is in the dining room. - Okay. - Look at this ceiling. Wow. I mean, there's so much character, way more than what Jonathan has in that other house. And I think that's something that people will look for in this neighborhood as well. And that's adding value not getting rid of that. We cannot crack or damage this. But I also would love to refurbish this fireplace. I mean, this is pretty disgusting right now. Yeah. If we can restore the look of it, that would be amazing. My bold vision for the dining room revolves around restoring the vintage fireplace as a decorative feature and reconditioning the windows to their classic look. Wide plank, hardwood flooring and light colored walls will accent the 100-year-old painted barrel ceiling, and a long, thin dining table with elegant chairs will highlight the charming historical character of this room. In the kitchen. I'm removing that old fountain and opening up the room by putting in a support beam and extending the far wall out. With a double range, statement vent hood and plenty of custom cabinets for storage, this kitchen will be a chef's dream. Plus with a huge island, lots of seating, and oversize fridge and freezer, this will be an entertainer's paradise. The bright, fresh vibes and classic fixtures will attract the high-end buyers for this neighborhood that I'm after. Let the challenge begin. - Okay. Sounds good. Okay, we need to build a kitchen, and I feel like no better way to start this competition than a living room win. Well, you take the win and then let's do it again. - Yeah. Exactly. - Let's get this kitchen going. This is going to be a little bit more of a challenge, though, because, in the living room, we're able to use the same footprint, keep things relatively the same. However, with the dining room and the kitchen, like, we can go all out and give this place like a jaw-dropping kitchen. I bought this house for $2.4 million and I budgeted $2 million for the renovation. I came in on budget for the living room and front entry challenge, so I can really spend big on my new huge kitchen addition and still have enough left over for my dining room reno. How cool would this be if we just had... ...all of this for like a whole entertaining space? They say the kitchen is the heart of the home. I think the kitchen is going to be the heart of what wins this whole competition for us. I'm willing to spend big on this to ensure that Drew can't match this space. The smart plan is making my dining room feel bigger by punching out the wall and then adding full-height windows to max out on natural light. I'm putting in light hardwood flooring and a barrel vault ceiling to add some dramatic impact to the room with a huge table with more than enough room for the best dinner party on the block. For the kitchen, I'm adding a huge extension with almost 11-foot ceilings, big chunky wood beams and a full walk-in pantry. For the counters and walls, I'm going high contrast, and there's just enough space to squeeze in two large islands, creating the ultimate entertaining area. Buyers will be blown away with the view of the backyard through the large French doors and this incredible see-through fireplace. This is also the largest addition we've ever done in this competition. But before we can build that dream kitchen, we need to clear out space for it. And if I can drive Drew crazy at the same time, it's a win-win for me. That would be a good idea. - That'll do the trick. Let's tear through this puppy. There it is. Whoo! I think it might be chainsaw time. And now we can essentially see Drew's place. Exactly. We can torment away. I have a sneaky suspicion that Jonathan is doing a huge kitchen, which kind of makes sense because he needs something to match that huge ego. So my plan's to go with a smaller kitchen with a ton of character that will beat Johnson size with amazing design. But first, we need to deep-six this weird fountain because there's no way it's staying in my kitchen. I'm the king of the kitchen challenge, and I'm going all out to keep my crown. The current kitchen is tiny and it's stuck in a corner and nobody puts my kitchens in a corner. It might cost me a lot of money, but it'll be worth it because, well, it'll help me win this challenge and the whole competition. We cleared out the old dining room pretty easily. But there is some bad news. The fireplace in the dining room didn't make it. I guess that's one of those unfortunate breaks when you're dealing with a 100-year-old house. It's breaking my soul. I wanted to keep that character. Yeah, it was only held up by these two little wires and it cracked and cracked. The more we can try to keep features like that fireplace, the better. Maybe we can get a nice vintage one that sits on the floor. Actually, yeah, that's not a bad idea. Like try to find a salvage piece. Yeah. Those can get pretty expensive too. Oh, man. Unfortunately, we're going to have to recreate this fireplace instead of keeping the original. That's a setback to my vision because that fireplace was such an important part of the design for the dining room. The new concrete slab is being poured from a huge kitchen addition. It'll be like a blank canvas for me and everybody knows I'm like Picasso when creating kitchens. I'm pretty certain that I'm building a much bigger kitchen than Drew and I've got a lot of construction to do. So we've got to get nailing and framing or else everything else won't matter, because if I don't stay on schedule, Drew will beat me. We're a little behind on our framing schedule, but the slab is in and, oh, my gosh, this is going to transform the square footage. Now we're going to have buyers who are like, "oh, my gosh", yeah, I'll take this house." - Is going to be beautiful. We should have brought our cardboard so we could do our breakdancing routine. - Right here in the street. We're going in. Hold on. Clear back, clear back. Hold on. Oh, boy. I'm so old! I'm so old! Don't hurt yourself. We've got work to do. I think I dislocated a finger. I'm so happy that weird indoor fountain is gone. I couldn't have wished it out of my kitchen fast enough. Now I want to get moving on the electrical and plumbing. Hopefully it's easier than removing that old water feature. There's a lot of damage and water damage over there where the fountain was. Yeah, behind the fountain. Is this termite damage in here? Is that from the concrete, the damage down there? Yeah, just water intrusion. I think this fountain was dumping half the water into the fountain and the other half into the wall because there's rot, there's water damage everywhere. And on top of that, it's a thin slab and just compact dirt underneath. That's no good. Oh, of all the things! You know, there's a lot of damage. I can see water damage over there where the fountain was. - Behind the fountains. - Is this termite damage in here? - Yeah, yeah. This room is really doing a number on me. I mean, we have to create a new sub floor by framing up the floor joists, which bumps up my costs and my timeline. We need to figure out a plan or else there's no way I'm beating Jonathan. All this dirt's actually got to get scooped out of there, and these two little walls I think are just holding the dirt in. You know, it won't affect our timeline if you start right now. Wait, what? With a shovel? By hand? There's no way. This literally makes me want to cry. I've got the big shovel. - Want to race? - Yeah, that's great. Yeah, this isn't gonna work. Wall going up. We're moving along with framing up the kitchen and dining areas. It's a massive job to squeeze into my tight timeline, but it'll be so worth it. With those high ceilings in the kitchen, there will be tons of light, and I'm carrying that brightness over to the dining room by adding a wall of windows. I can't get over how this used to be that awkward kind of indoor-y outdoor space. Now is transformed into the ultimate dining room. You can sit here, have these lavish dinner parties and laugh over at Drew, who's probably having a protein shake or something gross. We'll just laugh and laugh and point and point. And we'll point through these windows we're about to put in. We've dug out all that dirt, got rid of all the rot where the new kitchen's going and the new ceiling support beam is in allowing us to add five feet to the kitchen space. I know that's something that families looking to buy in this neighborhood want. Aha! I see new beams. - Yes! Holding up the whole house. We will literally have a floor in this kitchen in a matter of hours. I think that I was a perfectionist growing up and it drove Jonathan nuts. Yeah, he's good. I mean, he's good with everything he does, but I'm more about all those fine designers. I think that is how I'm going to go ahead and win this competition. This is epic. This is going to be one impressive kitchen, one impressive great room. The framing is finally done. The walls are up. And I can't believe how big it feels in here. The ceilings are almost 11 feet high, and that's a feature Drew cannot match. But we are having a bit of a delay on the two doors that we're trying to get for here. I thought all these were ordered and on schedule. I may have made a slight change. Okay, fine. I may have made a slight change to the glass doors, and I may have changed them from square design to an arch one. And, yeah, I may have forgotten to tell Donnie, but it's really going to accentuate that Spanish flair that I'm going for. And so even though it means I'm getting a little bit of stink eye from Donnie, it's totally worth it. Because that's a statement as well when you look across the room. The doors have like the arch and the low profile all the way around, lots of glass. But then, of course, that means all of a sudden kick things back in the manufacturing line. And you did it behind my back. I don't want to drag you down, man. Back to work. Now that we've got the framing, Breeze from my design team is dropping by so we can talk about how we can add even more wow factor to my kitchen. Hey. - Hey, looking good. It's coming together. I keep going back to the plans and then I'm looking at the space and just trying to think, "Am I maximizing the use of the space?" In the middle is this big island, but instead of having breakfast bar seating on the island, I was thinking about doing a kitchen table attached to the island. I like the grace of putting a lovely table where the family can gather. I love the idea of a unique layout like that. That whole space there, I mean, obviously, we're going to leave the lower level. Because of the elevation change, you step down into the dining room. I sort of love the idea of doing a checkerboard stone, sort of a throwback to... - What was here. - Yeah. - That sounds amazing. My idea for all this extra square footage I've created in the kitchen is to have a spacious entertainment area with a spectacular fireplace. This space is going to be a magnet for the future owners of this house, and it's the reason why I'm winning this challenge. Jolene from my design team is here to help me sort out some of the furnishings. We have to win this challenge, so I want to make sure that we make a statement wherever we can. I think the backsplash is one opportunity. Some of the furnishings, the fireplace. So what do you have for graphic tile? So I've pulled some options from Wayfair, keeping in the Spanish theme. I think if we're going to make a statement, I think that would be gorgeous, especially knowing that we're going to do darker cabinets. I love that. - Okay, let's do it. Love it. Now that all the hidden problems we found are behind us, we're onto the drywall, and soon the real fun starts. And we're back on schedule. In fact, I bet that we're way ahead of Jonathan. A work of art. Okay, I've come up with the perfect plan to get back at Drew for spying on me in the living room challenge. Hey! No, no, no, no. Two words... Mariachi band. I am just trying to throw off my brother no matter what he does. So if you go in there, look for a guy who looks like me and when you see him, don't stop playing. Thank you so much. So just up the side here. Alright. What the heck? This feels like a Jonathan thing. - Oh, we're not stopping. - Oh, this is great. This actually makes me work faster. Oh, really? Slow down, guys. Slow down. There. That's better. Yeah, I love mariachi music. I think we should go faster, go faster. Oh, yeah. Who's paying you? Who's paying you? Slow down. Anything we can do to get an advantage. In fact, I will say, it looks fantastic, but we're way further ahead than you. You are not further ahead, and get out. You're not supposed to see my house. You guys have them for eight hours, so you got to keep them entertained for eight hours. Alright, this is really gonna slow us up, Drew. Yeah. Why?! I'm gonna go work in another area. - Yeah, okay. - Thanks, guys. Jonathan! Chalk one up for Team Jonathan, because my plan totally worked. While Drew is being mariachi'd to death, I can get a lead on him. My awesome see-through a glass fireplace has just arrived and I cannot wait to get it installed. This is going to be a game changer. Alright. Thanks, guys. Whew! - Wow. That's a fireplace. 600 pounds of what will be probably our win in this space. Maybe the whole house. It does not get more epic than this because it's a see-through fireplace. Because we're putting a window over here and putting it right in front of the glass, you'll literally be able to see right through to the outside. You know what, though? I thought our glass... What was measurement roughly of the glass? So that says... Yeah, so 64 or roughly 70 inches in total. But this doesn't look... Our opening's too short for the glass. If it turns out we got this all engineered and approved wrong, we've got to resubmit to the city and get everything approved again. I don't have time for this. This could mean another delay, and if that happens, I'm not going to get this finished in time for the judges. And then that means I'm not winning. Our opening's too short. If it turns out we got this all engineered and approved wrong, we've got to resubmit to the city and get everything approved again. Let's... Let's not think that way. Mistakes happen, but with the tight timelines I have for this kitchen, just one wrong measurement can have a huge ripple effect. And unfortunately, we don't know if we have to resubmit to the city until the fireplace installers are here to put it in. And if they can't, we're in trouble. The kitchen is coming along. We finally got rid of the mariachi band and got the drywall done, but over in the dining room, restoring the character of that room is taking longer than I wanted. We're still down a fireplace and I'm being extra careful building around that gorgeous painted ceiling. I'm going to take this door in. Yeah, there you go. You know, I'm laying out for the chandelier. - Okay. - Because everybody's paranoid to drill into this existing plaster. So that job falls to either me or you. Okay, so if you make me do that, then I can't yell at you if it's done wrong. Alright. - You got the ladder? Yeah? - Alright. So, centered. - Yeah. Let's hope this ancient plaster holds up to the drilling and I don't end up with a bunch of big chunks on my head. That be a disaster not just for my hair, but also if the ceiling crumbles, preserving this room's character suddenly becomes way more difficult. Ready? - Yeah. No going back. That is a perfect hole through the plaster. Good job! - No damage at all? Good. One, two, three. - Not too bad. - Tilt it back just a hair. Things are finally looking up for Team Jonathan. We've got our dining room windows in, our drywall guys have been busy, especially with the curved panels on my barrel ceiling. Over in the kitchen, we were able to increase the size of the fireplace opening by moving up the header. That meant that the installers were able to get the fireplace in with the vents and the gas line without having to alter anything structurally. That means we don't have to get a reapproval from the city. So now we are really cooking with gas. What could Drew possibly add to his space that would beat this? This is going to be the most epic room. I feel like we've taken this competition to a whole different level to try and beat Drew. I got you here. Let's get the pins in. Oh, boy. There we go. And lock you out. The window and doors in. We don't have a fountain. There's no mariachi band here. I mean, it's starting to look more like a kitchen. The range and the hood are going to be a showstopper. Good. Getting better. Let's get the flooring in quickly so we can get the cabinets in and build the bench for the eat-in table so we can start giving this kitchen some character. Those custom glass doors I ordered finally arrived, totally worth the wait. I'm loving the curved glass arch at the top. And now we've got to build the range hood before we can get the counters in. This thing's a beast! - Beast. - So... - Up. Look at that. Boom. - Nice. Okay, it's time to light a fire under Team Drew. In the dining room, we've got the restored windows in and the spray insulation done, so while the guys are doing the drywall, I'm going to see if I can find a long, thin dining table and a vintage fireplace. But to stay on budget, I have to get both for under $6,000. Boom! Right away. I need to find a dining room table that's 10 feet long, but it has to be three feet wide, so long and skinny... Kind of like me. And the table has to be just as handsome. Ah. A foot too wide. Too short. There is a fireplace. Perfect. $8,500. Whew. I can't afford that. Way too wide. Ooh, that's nice. This looks like it's like 100 years old. I will be so happy if this is actually 10 feet. It is! Okay. We have four. That's perfect. I've got a plan. I can take these four old salvaged boards and join them together to make this vintage table that I want. That's a little bit more work, but it will fit the dining room perfectly. I mean, I still don't have a fireplace, but with the money I'm saving by building this table myself, I have some room left over in the budget that I can figure out what I want to do with that fireplace surround. Holy barrels. This looks so good. People will walk in and be like, "Okay, you don't see that every day." - Yeah, it's a great idea. - Yeah. I remember from when we first saw the houses that Drew's got this barrel ceiling feature in his dining room, so I decided to do not one, not two, but four barrels in my ceiling. And I'm going to add a wallpaper with a photo brick print on it to really make them pop. I think if it was done by a professional... wallpaper installer who's going to make the seams, like, unnoticeable... Okay, I've definitely seen that look in Donnie's eyes before, and he thinks I'm crazy. It's pretty obvious that it's just... paper. Can't have a kitchen like that and pictures of brick. I thought I had a brilliant idea, but let's find a better solution. After searching high and low, I finally found someone who can hopefully fix my wallpaper blender. Scott? - Hey. How you doing, Jonathan? Oh, my God. I'm, like, two steps in the door here, and I'm already seeing, like, everything I was envisioning. You will be able to solve my problems, no doubt about it. So this is made of paper? - It's 100% post-consumer recycled newsprint wood chip and cardboard. The cool thing, too, is it's malleable. We've done a few domed ceilings before, and it's worked out perfect. The majority of your business is like Hollywood business. And now you'll tell everybody that Jonathan uses this. Yes. This is great. I get the exact look I want for my ceilings. It's going to cost me a little bit more than the wallpaper, but let's face it... That wallpaper idea... not one of my finest moments. It's all starting to come together for Team Drew. We've got the classic tiles done in the dining room. Hart and I have started building the table with that gorgeous old wood I bought. Now we can really start to focus on some of the finishing details. When we removed the crown molding, we noticed a couple of nicks and tears in the original painted ceiling that we're going to have to deal with. So I brought back my restoration expert, James Mobley, to try and save the most important feature in my dining room. Hey. - Hey. Oh, my gosh. It's literally gone. It's gone. I don't understand how you do that so fast and so well. Johnson can build as big as he wants, but he can't match this. Disneyland, here I come. Team Jonathan is ready to bring this challenge home. Our trades have been in. The cabinets, lights, everything, including the kitchen sink is in. And we had to make a slight change to where the ceiling beams are just because they have to center with the range hood. It shouldn't have affected anything, but it turns out it did. Oh, I don't know whether to laugh or to cry. We had to make a last minute change to the beam work to get the beam centered on the range. But now when you look up, you'll notice that all the lights are completely off. These recessed lights don't line up with the range hood here. Over here, we're missing lights. Some of them are really close to where the beams are supposed to be. We've got like 32 lights. We'll have 32 holes in the ceiling that need to be patched if we move everything. Moving the beams is a bit of a house of cards. Now we have to move all the lights. And did I mention there are 32 of them? So I thought you were only going to notice the sink is off center, not all of that. What? You're kidding me. We're off with the hood vent. Oh, my gosh. We're off with the hood vent. So we have two choices... We move the hood and the cabinets or we shift the two islands this way, an inch and a half. I vote islands. - I agree with you. Then for the lights, we should start marking now where the lights should be going. This is about an extra day and a half of work, which we don't have time for. Easily. It's a landmark day for my kitchen. We're installing the custom cabinets, and that signals the final stretch is in sight. But it's still going to be close. We're going to be ready by the end of the day tomorrow. We'll have all of this knocked off. - Do you pinky swear? - Pinky swear. - Do you double pinky swear? - Double. Jesse pinky double swore, and you can't go back on a double pinky swear, so he better get all the work done in time. Okay, this train is finally rolling again. We moved the island so that it's centered perfectly and now we're installing those massive wooden beams in the kitchen. Boom. - Boom. I love it. Those beams look so impressive with the height of this room. And with all the recessed lights in their proper place, Drew is not going to be able to top that. We're getting there. I can almost see that finish line. Breeze is selecting the furniture. In the kitchen, fixtures and tiles are going up and the counters have been installed. In the dining room, the hidden in-wall speakers are in, and I finally found a solution to the bane of my existence in this challenge... fireplace. Cheapest I could find was $8,000. I can't afford that. - Oh. Wow. I think what we could do is keep it really simple. So the Neolith that we have for the stone in the kitchen countertop, I was actually thinking we could fabricate one out of that same material. We could just make it really low profile. - Yeah, well, we'll have to. - Yeah. We're running out of time, but I know it will look stunning. Our kitchen problems are finally behind us. It's been a long road, but the backsplash tiles are in. So are the stunning stone counters and those gorgeous appliances. Now we can style it up with our furnishings. In the dining room, the brick barreled ceiling is up, so that means Jolene and I can get the furniture in and it's never too late to take in the winning view. Let's just take a moment to talk about how fantastic this ceiling turned out. It feels very much like a wine cellar. If we lay here much longer, we'll probably fall asleep and we have way too much work to do. I went all in on this challenge and it was daunting at times, but now I see it all coming together. It looks unbelievable. I already had a massive budget for my kitchen and dining room. I spent extra changing to the curved glass doors, repositioning the recessed lights and finishing the brick ceilings, so I'm coming in over budget. That makes my big spend even bigger, but it's totally worth it if I win this challenge. I'm so glad we managed to save and restore that original ceiling. It allows me to highlight the classic feel of the room and add so much value. And even though I had to build a new fireplace, the low-profile stone surround I chose still fits the quintessential style I'm after. And I managed to upgrade the kitchen while keeping a classic feel. I want this to be about the character, the history of this neighborhood, all the little touches that we have. It's not the biggest kitchen, but it's got a lot of heart. I had a healthy budget for my kitchen and dining room. The sub floor was an extra cost, but I was able to pull that back by making my own dining table and saving on the fireplace surround. So I came in on budget while adding huge value to this historic home. That is pretty awesome to have two good-sized eating areas. The sightlines are so beautiful into the other space. I'm happy. - Yeah. Me too. Oh, my gosh. Which house do you think should win? I keep going back and forth. Drew is so nervous. He wants to win Disneyland... For Linda. You should be meditating. You have more on the line than I do. Not only did you declare that this is the year you were beating me in kitchens, but you also want to take Linda to Disneyland. I'm going big. - How's it going, guys? - Hey. - Hi! - I missed you! We had so much fun with Maureen McCormick on "The Brady Bunch" renovation. And we love Dan Vickery. Maureen and Dan are all about taking an old historic house and breathing fresh life into it. I have the original barrel ceiling in my dining room. That's a winning ticket. I have the new barrel ceiling that looks old in my dining room, so that also is good for me. You are judging our kitchen areas, which is kitchen and dining. You won't know whose space is whose. - Right. - So it's a psychology. - Yeah. - What is it that you look for in the perfect kitchen and dining space? For me, it has to be about entertaining. Everything happens in the kitchen, and if it's not connected to the rest of the house, it's not a modern kitchen. I have a real emotional connection to things, so I kind of go for that. So if you see the perfect kitchen, will you cry? I want to see you cry if I pick your house. - Will you do that? - I will probably cry if you don't pick my house because the reward for the winning brother is going to Disneyland and staying over in the exclusive 21 Royal suite. Staying overnight. - Are you serious? And my wife is the biggest Disneyland fan and if I don't get this for her I will cry. Apparently J.D. has an in with Mickey Mouse, so he's going to hook it up. - It's true. Mickey Mouse and I traveled Europe together back in '85. J.D.'s already showing you the before pictures and the before videos. Now he's going to show you the actual spaces - I can't wait. - Don't take too long, but pick the right house. - Bye! We're going to see the Corner Château first. It's not too far away. - And who did that one? Oh, I'm not gonna tell you who did that one. You guys have to figure that out for yourself. Oh, I'm so excited. The Corner Château. - Wow! - Oh, my gosh. Wow. I love that it just pulls you into the house, right? Oh, my gosh. So different, right? Right away, I'm loving that tile so much, the texture on it. I would say it's not a huge kitchen... No. ...but they've really maximized the space. And by keeping it so light, it feels bigger than it would if they were dark cabinets. I also really like this. Like, what a great use of space. This is great. I've never seen a bench on the end of an island. It does give you a lot more seating. What a cool stove. - So cool. So then we're bringing in another layer of some history in an obviously brand-new kitchen. I love these floors. I think they're beautiful. Look at all the texture on them. Oh, my gosh. Look at this. A double? Okay, that's a refrigerator. Is this the freezer? Oh, my gosh. It's so big. - What did they hide here? - What is in the middle? - Oh, just spices. - Spices! Let's check out the dining room. I love that it's sunk. This just is an old, beautiful chateau. It's nice once in a while to have a space that just feels special, and this room does with the ceiling. Seeing it in person, it feels great. It's so much more vibrant in person. I also really love this fireplace update. I do too. And the other thing I really love... Yeah... is I know this room didn't have this tile, but this house had very similar tile. So bringing in that layer of history and telling the story of this home I think is fantastic. I think they've done an amazing job here. So which brother do you think that this house? Well, at first I actually thought Jonathan, but I think it was Drew. So you seen the Corner Château and now you're going to see the House Next Door. So you guys go in, do your thing, and then I'll meet you out here. - Alright. - Okay. Bye. Bye. Oh, wow. You are just drawn into this space. And look at that ceiling. Oh, my gosh. What a work of art. You know, I feel almost like I'm in Europe. So beautiful. So what's interesting is in the "before" pictures, this house didn't have a lot of character. And instead, he really added it. There was less to play off of here. And he took that blank canvas and really worked with it. I love color, and I think that this is the perfect way to do it, right? The rug is mostly orange, but we've got pops of the blue, bringing it in again with the drapery. And it's so earthy and homey. Wow. Oh, my gosh, Dan. Oh, I love this blue gray. Like the color is so pretty. You're distracted by the blue gray and not the double island? This is unbelievable. Look at the beams in here. And what I love is it's a different brown, but it just... It's so beautiful. There is just this amazing balance of, like, white and view and simplicity that makes it feel open. But there are still things that draw you in, like this tile. Oh, Dan. Oh. - This is the couch of couches. - Okay. I mean, okay, like, I just want to put my feet up. And I especially love that it's a see-through fireplace that still gives you a view of the backyard. So, okay, whose house is this? I could be Drew's. No, that was Drew. This is Jonathan. We'll see. It's gonna be a tough choice. - Alright. - Hey. Drew has literally not been able to stop fidgeting and moving 'cause he's so nervous. Let's walk through the House Next Door. It's so open, getting drawn into that dining room with that ceiling detail. It was spectacular. The double islands and then that couch. And then the fireplace. - Wow. - Yeah. So in the Corner Château house, that kitchen's not very big, but it was designed and laid out so well. We were both really impressed. My favorite thing about the Corner Château... The dining room. When I walked in that, I just felt such warmth and I just wanted to be in that room forever. It was really beautiful. The House Next Door, it was a pretty blank slate, whereas the Corner Château had the beautiful arches, it had the fireplace. They layered history in in a way that the House Next Door couldn't. Whose house do you think belongs to which brother? I keep going back and forth. So when we walked into the Corner Château, I immediately thought that it was Drew. So the House Next Door I think it's kind of how a contractor would approach design. And so we gave that one to Jonathan. Which house do you think should win? The winning house of the kitchen and dining challenge is... Which house do you think deserves to win? The winning house of the kitchen and dining room challenge is... The House Next Door. Yes! Alright. Maureen, this could not go better. I thought we had something. And it was all about the history in my home. You chose the new design. You do have something... A kitchen that's just not quite as good as my kitchen. I was so sure because you guys are all about original history of a home, and he didn't have any. But I do have to say that when I went into that house, I felt like I was taken back in time. That's true. Addition on the back is just undeniably fantastic. It is California living at its best. You nailed it. It was still fun having you guys here, even though you broke my heart. I guess you're not taking him to Disneyland. I am a total Disneyland fanatic, but nothing compares... Stop talking. I'll get my payback. Good luck with that conversation. - Thanks a lot. - Thanks, guys. Call me cocky, but I kind of knew I had this kitchen win in the bag. I'm going to Disneyland! I've always wanted to say that. This really is the happiest place on earth, at least for me. Yeah, I kind of still feel like I'm a winner because I'm here at Disneyland. Hello, Mickey. What's a good winning-brother dance? Oh, yeah, that's the one right there. Oh, yeah. Wait. Am I allowed to do the winning-brother dance? - No, no. You're not winning. - This is all about me. - Get it over with. - Here we have a list for you. Oh, my gosh, are you kidding me? So wait. I have to pick up all of this stuff for Jonathan. Especially the cotton candy and definitely with the giant lollipop. - Churros! - I'd like some popcorn. No one's allowed to help you, by the way. - Just you. - Whatever. Alright. Where should I go for this? - Yeah. Mickey's with us. - Alright. - Come on! - Shall we? Staying at 21 Royal, the most exclusive place in all of Disneyland, where Walt Disney himself was going to live, almost nobody gets to experience that. But now I'm gonna have a magical night there. - Hello. Hey. - Hello. How are you? - Thank you for having me. - Welcome to 21 Royal. This is a big deal for me. This was going to be Walt's private apartment. So we knew that if we were gonna do a very fancy apartment at Disneyland, not only would it be beautiful, but it had to have magic touches, as well. You may see some hidden Mickeys here and there. I did see the Mickey in the carpet. I also love the details, like the fireplace here. Oh, actually, you just see the fireworks that come up from it. I am so going to be bragging to Drew about this. Hey, can I get some churros from you? You mind if I grab a few? Thank you so much. Thank you. Can I get a popcorn bucket from you? There you go. Enjoy. Is there an automatic feeder? This is my favorite room. You'll see the special magic in this room. Literally living every kid's dream right now. But what I really want to show you is in here. Yes, please do. Oh, yes! If you look very closely... Oh, yeah. Hey, I need some balloons. Alright. Thank you. Whoo! Got to go for some of these. Have a magical day. Can I get some Mickey ears for Jonathan, please? Yeah. And, by the way, can you maybe do an extra one for Linda? - Awesome. - There you go. Don't tell Jonathan I got one for Linda. - Hello. - Oh! This is a beautiful sight. - Do you have everything? - I got it all. - This took me a while. - Oh, my gosh. How are you? I'm Drew. Oh, you even got Linda a hat. I did. You weren't supposed to see that. My wife's dream has always been to stay in this residence. But unfortunately, I don't get to, but... Well, actually, I'm not competing with Linda. I called her. She'll be here in a few minutes. Why don't you, J.D., Linda, and me just go do some rides and just have some fun? But you still don't get to stay here in the suite. That's just for me. You have half a heart. So thank you. No, that's amazing. - Whoo-hoo! - Here we go. - Here we go! - Whoo! I feel like I'm beating you at this, too, Drew. - Oh, yeah. - I can't look. Right now, we're passing through the Amazon rainforest. The snakes are on your side. Take J.D., not me. Whoa! Can I borrow some sugar? Yes! Are we doing a pajama party? I literally had the most fun today. And the fact that I get to come back to the residence and call this home for the night, this is amazing. This is like the dream. Next time on "Brother vs. Brother"... I conquered you! ...Drew guns for his first win in the additional dwelling and bonus spaces challenge. Well done. Home Edition's," Breegan Jane holds the key. Very L.A. I'm loving this. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 