Brother vs. Brother: Season 7, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Brother vs. Brother 
 s7e1 - Hollywood, Here We Come! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Brother vs. Brother (2013–…): Season 7, Episode 1 - Hollywood, Here We Come! - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This season on "Brother vs Brother", we're going to L.A. And this year, we're going big. It's sibling rivalry in my neighborhood where we built my honeymoon house. After losing almost all the challenges in the last competition, I ended up winning in the San Francisco Bay Area. I was robbed. Here we go. This is the biggest challenge we've ever done. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We have to find some savings or else Jonathan is going to destroy me. An all-out real estate battle. - We're going to hit. - I'm losing my grip And our fate is in the buyer's hands in the beautiful L.A. neighborhood of Hancock Park. I conquered you. This competition started at birth. And I won because I came out first. We're always trying to one up each other. Come get your ice cream. It's actually pretty good. So we came up with a plan to settle things once and for all. We'll each buy, renovate and sell a property 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 at one of the most historic neighborhoods. L.A. buyers are totally going to want in. The brother with the biggest net profit in the end wins. And along the way, our favorite HGTV friends will stop by to judge our spaces. The winner is... Let the competition begin. I'm winning. Not in my backyard. Oh, I'll be celebrating in your backyard. Nope. This is "Brother vs Brother." It's been a while since the renovation, but I remember how filthy and dusty and dirty everything was through the whole project. You guys must be loving being able just to live in this space. It feels so good to be here. I think it was actually when you moved out, it suddenly has cleaned. Oh! - It was beautiful. - Oh! Yeah. Our honeymoon house renovation was a huge job, and I loved having everyone band together to pull it off. But I didn't love losing to Jonathan in the San Francisco Bay Area in the last brother vs brother. It's time to plan the next competition, and I think the perfect location is sitting right under our noses. Linda and I have been snooping our neighborhood. - Like peeping toms? - Getting police called. And we found a couple of houses that we think would work for the next competition. But, you know, hold. How would that work, though? Because you would have an unfair advantage. Home advantage. We need to take things up a notch. So, I mean, this is a more expensive area. Yeah, but think about. If we're doing two houses in this area, that would be hands down the most expensive competition we've ever done just to buy the houses and then renovation costs around here a fortune. I think it's a great choice. I mean, this does kick the sticks up from last time. Oh, my gosh. In doubles the stakes essentially. I know what comes after this. Are you gonna do castles? But think about, though, in this neighborhood, we can do a really nice renovation and sell for over five million. I'm a little uneasy about working right in Drew's neighborhood. But the thing is, if I say yes and I win the competition right in Drew's backyard, this would be the sweetest brother vs brother win ever. I feel like I could be persuaded. And so we would keep the same setup as last time. We each buy a house, do our own design, our own renovation, we sell and then whoever makes a bigger profit wins and then the profit goes to charity. How about winner donates to Turn Up! Fight hunger? - I like that - That's call. That's a lot of meals. I love Linda's idea. Turn up! Fight Hunger is working with No Kids Hungry to solve childhood hunger in America. So we're going to use our profits to donate up to 100,000 meals to kids in need. That's a win for everybody. There's something going on, but... - We in. - That a yes. - I'll do it! I'll do it! - Yes. Yes. Yes. He has no idea what's coming. I am playing coy here because I want to keep Drew on his toes. But honestly, this is one of the best ideas he has had in years. This is bigger than Vegas, bigger than Galveston, bigger than San Francisco. This is the master class of contracting and real estate. And if I win, I don't think Drew will ever recover. I'm a little surprised Jonathan agreed to competing in my own backyard, but I'm super pumped. I mean, he already knows how awesome this neighborhood is. It's close to the beach, Downtown L.A., Hollywood. The houses are huge, vintage and stunning. And now that I've lived here for a few years, I've got the inside track. There are two unrenovated houses left in the neighborhood. They're both going up for sale. And I booked advance sneak peeks with the sellers so that we can pick our houses and start this competition. Where are you going? The car. We're not driving. We're walking. We're walking? The first house I want to show you is that house next door. - What? - Want to be my neighbor. Not if it means buying that. So this is a state sale. It's been abandoned for a little bit, and you can see it's definitely run down. - Wow. - The neighbors are amazing. Well. You can borrow sugar. There's no less price available yet. But from what I'm seeing on the market, I would estimate this house to be in the ballpark of $2.5 million. It was built in 1922. It's 3,200 square feet with four bedrooms and three bathrooms. Oh, whoa. It's actually rougher than I thought it would be. This looks like a Hollywood movie set that has been aged. Everything is crumbling, but huge features. If you need to sharpen your pencils in your closet. This house is in worse shape than I was expecting, but I can see the potential. Don't tell Jonathan, but I really like this so far. It's a blank slate, and the transformation would be almost as spectacular as my morning commute. On the first floor, there's a front entry area, living room, dining room and an office back here. I have a feeling things could get weird. Oh, this is a disgusting bathroom. Like this is the poster child for what happens to your house if you don't maintain it. I can't just tour through the house and show all my cards to drew. The mind games have to start early, and I don't even know what the other house looks like yet. But this house has potential and I want it. So I'm going to start showing him that I don't want it. Oh, this kitchen is awful. Like, do we want to bite off this much or do we want like...? You know, it's... I smell fear. Mind games. Back here, it's basically a dump with a maze going through it. You'd have to blow out all these walls and probably do an addition. But I can tell that a lot would be big enough for that. And you would really pump up the resale value. I love the front of the house. Nice layout, big rooms. It wouldn't cost too much to make those rooms thing, but I'm going to keep that to myself. We've got the pink carpet with bleach stains, drips. And the remnants of all the family portraits. - Oh, my gosh. - It's worse out here. It really is. How on earth would it look better upstairs? This is decades of no maintenance. - And this is not good. - Yeah, crazy. I like it a lot. The upstairs looks pretty dodgy, but the bedrooms up here are super spacious and there's a sun room off the main bedroom. This house may not be in great shape, but it's a similar size and vintage to my house next door. So I know from experience I could add major value. Oh, my gosh. This is what it's all about. Oh, it's actually a lot bigger than I thought. Oh, I'm out. - Oh, my gosh. - Okay, this is so bad. What's in there? Oh! That's a toilet. I definitely want to see that other house because this, I mean, this is crazy how much work it would be. I want to see other toilets. Maybe looking at all these beautiful houses that have had work done. That's cute. Is there any of this standing out like a sore thumb? That comes up the same color. Any at all? You can't even see the house for all the over. - This is crazy. - And it's a big corner lot, too. Oh, yeah. This is the kind of property that I would die to sink my teeth into. And the weird thing is there's never for sale signs here. It's a pocket listing. Friends and family, the neighborhood, they'll buy it. So who do you know? Oh, I got connections. Your connections have any information how the heck you get past these bushes? You got to climb a little bit. This house doesn't have a list price yet either, But I was told there's a lot more structural work that has to happen here. So knowing this area like I do, I put this one in the neighborhood of $2.6 million. It was built over time, but the existing construction was completed in 1923. It's got five bedrooms, three bathrooms, and 3,600 square feet, it's a little bigger than the other house. - Oh. - Wow, this is huge. - Look at the ceiling. - That's amazing. Oh, my gosh. Look at that. This is cool detail That's unique. This house is overflowing with cool character. These are the kind of architectural details Jonathan usually loves. They're a huge value add, and whoever gets them might have a big leg up. Whoo! A sunken living room. Wow. Look at that detail. Oh, that's hand painted. I love it already. The architecture in here, you don't have to change anything. You could keep this exactly the way it is. I even like the detail on the fireplace. I'm not going to tell you what I see because I don't want you to steal my idea. Don't waste your energy because I've already taken this place. Like I said, mind games. Similar to the first place we saw, there are some nice big living areas near the front. In the back of the house, there's a kitchen and a bunch of chopped up random spaces. I mean, there's space to work with, but personally, I would reconfigure. Actually, nevermind. Nevermind. I would keep this the way it is. It's perfect. I have a feeling that Jonathan might want this house unless he thinks that I want the other house. Then he'll do whatever he can to make sure I don't get that house and then I take the wrong house. But I know which is the right house, so I'll get him to take the wrong one by convincing him that I want the other one. Do you follow? I don't know if I follow. Don't worry. It's all part of my master plan. Mind games. It's my thing. It feels like a bit of a mystery mansion upstairs, but there's a lot of space to work with. The five bedrooms and two bathrooms could easily be reconfigured. It seems weird that all these rooms are like rooms within rooms. Which is why this would be a bit too much work for you. You want me to do this? Yeah. Is that how you feel? I mean, I love sledgehammers. That's my routine all day. When have you ever gone to a gym? When are you ever on a construction cycle like this? That's my move. Hey, I love renovating houses. If I had a place like this, I probably would dance around the place. Jonathan's right. This could be a problematic rental, and there's always a risk of overspending for the neighborhood. But I can roll the dice because I'm an insider. This is my neighborhood, and I think that I can find the right buyer to pay top dollar. Big patio and the forests, the lost city of Los Angeles. You get a backhoe in here and this would clean up pretty well. It's the inside of the house that's a ton of work Both houses are big projects inside and out. Let's do this. You're going to pick a house right now. This, we'll say, this house number two. The one next to you is house number one. Put your hand behind your back and go ahead on three and pull your hand out. One, two, three. Boom. We're going to pick a house right now. Put your hand behind your back and choose. Do you want house number one, the other one, or do you want house number two, this one? Go ahead on three and pull your hand out. One, two, three. Boom. Yeah. Why that house? This is a crazy amount of work. That one over there is probably only like 60, 70 percent of the work. Yes. The house next door is mine. I knew it. I gushed over the corner house, and Drew picked it just to spite me. It's like taking candy from a baby. He is so predictable. No house that we do is going to be as much work as my house. I've already worked in this neighborhood. I know the neighborhood. I know the value of a corner a lot like this. I can't believe Jonathan passed on this house. It's the hidden jewel of Hancock Park. I already know it'll sell for more than the other house. So he basically just gave me the competition. What's that expression? Biting off more than you can chew. Oh, good luck with this. What's that other expression? You're going down. I like mine better. This competition is going to be a blast because these houses are just a few blocks away from each other right in my neighborhood, The renos are going to be epic, so we need to lay some ground rules and set up the first challenge. I am a little worried, knowing all the issues we had here when it comes to the historic commission. I do feel like we need to give ourselves more time. Dealing with the historic commission in this neighborhood was one of our biggest challenges when we renovated your house. Yeah. I mean, it was. Basically we're not allowed to significantly change the appearance of the entire front facade of the house or the first 10 feet on either side of the houses. And these rules, they're meant to preserve the historic character of the neighborhood, which keeps the neighborhood looking gorgeous. So how long do you think that the competition should take? - Six months. - What? Six months? There's no way. That's pretty fast. We can't just make it easy breezy for the renovation. We need to make it a challenge. Eight months. Eight months is more realistic. Let's meet in the middle. Seven months. Why are you so opposed to actually having a reasonable timeline? Because I have booked a vacation at the end of seven months, and I want to celebrate the win. You might want to get cancelation insurance on that. Alright. We'll do seven months. I think it makes the most sense to start with the living room and entry. Yeah, because, I mean, we only need a few weeks to do that. Three weeks. Actually, because your place is bigger. You should have to do an extra space. So I'll do my parlor front entry and living room. You'll do your living room and entry. Okay. Okay. Now have you put any thought into a judge? I think we should call Orlando Soria from "Build Me Up." He would love to get into these spaces, give us his opinion. He's amazing. I love his style. I think this challenge needs to be more about the punishment than it is the reward. We're in Hollywood. Everybody goes to "Entertainment Tonight" to see all the Hollywood gossip and news. So I think that the winning brother should send over all the most embarrassing pictures, videos, whatever we have of the losing brother. I have some stuff to contribute. Okay, so living room challenge for an entry for me. Also the parlor for you. Three weeks, Orlando Soria judges and the losing brother gets all their dirty laundry aired on "Entertainment Tonight." I'm gonna get started on the blooper reel now. You've been working on the blooper reel your whole life. This is Drew's hood, so I am definitely a bit of an outsider, but I am a quick learner. The house I chose has everything you need to create a beautiful dream home. If I can turn this place around, I think I got the win. I bought this house for $2.4 million, which is the most I've ever spent on a house. To execute my plan, I'll need to spend $2 million on the renovation, but I think I can sell it for $5.4 million, giving me a huge profit of $1 million. For this challenge, I'm going to work hard to stick to my budget for the living room and entry level Let competition begin. Let's do this. Oh, my gosh. This is going to be wild. Donnie's on my construction team. He's like my right hand man, so I am pumped to have him by my side for the competition. Not only will we kick Drew's butt and do something amazing here, he has to be right next door and watch us win. Yeah, he's gonna have to live with it literally. This is the main entertaining space. So let's just make it feel like that warm, inviting place. I want somebody to come in here when they're looking to buy and know that, hey, I want to have my Christmas tree in the corner. First, I'll use support beams to open up the sightlines. A beautiful growing vault ceiling will make a dramatic first impression. And with an irregular tile pattern, this front entry will really stand out. I'll carry the welcoming and stylish vibes into the living room. Light hardwood will warm up the space and I'll go big with the existing fireplace to create an unforgettable focal point with soft whites and earth tones and sophisticated Spanish flare, buyers won't need to see the rest of the house. They'll walk in, fall in love and make an offer. I want to go big with this living and that definitely does not include Venetian blinds. Yeah. Let's pull those. Whoo. I demoed some of the window for you. Some old timber. I think this whole thing has just come off by hand. Strong. There you go. Strong like bull. You've been working out? Not really. I feel I have the upper hand because I know what buyers want here. They want to retreat away from the city, the health and wellness vibe, eco friendly. I'm going to sell the lifestyle then I'm going to sell the house and then I'm going to beat Jonathan easy. Easy threesy. I bought this corner house for $2.35 million, which is less than I was expecting. That's a good thing, because this place could end up being in worse shape than I thought. But if I can keep my renovation budget to $2 million dollars and I find the right buyer, this could go for $5.6 million, landing me a big profit of $1.25 million. For this challenge, I've got a pretty substantial budget for my parlor front entry and living room. Hello. Hello. Hello. You hear a voice, but can you see me? I cannot. Ha-ha! Behind the jam bush, you can't even get in to see the house. You can't even see the house. How's it going? Good. Hart's on my construction team. I trust him through and through, and he has the knowledge and experience that's going to help me win. Alright. Wow. We have a very impressive archway in here. Beautiful, the stenciling on the ceilings. In here, look at the concrete ceiling. Oh, nice. So I want to make sure that you keep that charm. Old Hollywood is awesome. In the parlor, I'll save some room for a cool space I'm creating later and I'll build a stunning custom fireplace feature wall. With the classic conference ceiling, this will be an intimate space for warm conversation or blissful, quiet time. The current front door isn't an original to the home, so we'll make it just as beautiful as it was in its heyday. My storybook chateau vibe will continue in the living room with bright whites, dark accents and hints of understated California elegance. The beauty of the past, the style of the present, all in perfect harmony. Music to the ears of high end buyers but first, we have a lot of work to do. The floors look terrible, but they do not want to come up. There you go. Against the big boy. There we go. Coming? Slow start. But when I start to get momentum, it'll go. It's not a race, Jonathan. Need a little help over there? My new sport is trying to one up you. If it helps us win, I'm fine with it. We can't do this part of the demo ourselves because old asbestos insulation and lead paint is toxic and hazardous, So we have to leave that stuff to the pros. But the coolest part about having an abatement team to send on to a construction site is that they pick the place clean. So I get to walk in and see the space, warts and all. It turns out this place does not have that many warts. I cannot believe this is like a century plus old home, and we open it up and it looks better than houses that renovated that we're only like 40 years old. Yeah, exactly. We should almost send like a bragging video over to Drew. No root, no termites, just perfect condition. I mean, we're all right over here. Has life over there? And asbestos and lead abatement is like a detox cleanse, a healthy, fresh start for my living room, entryway and parlor. But now that I can see the bones of this place, there's water damage, the floors are buckling, and my budget isn't feeling so healthy. The floor is so nasty. From the naked eye here, I can see the house and the dips. We'll have to spend some money on that for sure. What about the front entry? So we weren't able to keep any of the detail here. No, it's just deteriorated from the water damage. So it's gone. These ceilings were gorgeous. I can't believe it. So, we weren't able to keep any of the ceiling detail? It was deteriorated from the water damage, so it's not really worth it. You can still see some of the damage from the waste pipe. This is so disappointing. The coffered ceiling in the parlor survived, so that's good news, but losing the detail in the front entry really kills my first impression. I've got an idea to re add character to make up for it, but it's a bit of a long shot. This space between the two windows here. Okay. Let's get this out of the way. I would love a fireplace. Okay. So because this is a historic home, is it feasible to do a gas fireplace here? I can't just do an electric unit. I need to do something that fits the esthetic of the home. But I can vent out the front of the house because of the historic commission. All these things are happening. I just want a fireplace, so I need to figure it out. The big structural change I'm making in this first challenge is opening up the sight lines between my living room and front entry. To do it, I'm installing a pretty substantial support beam. You ready to jack the center up? Hey, I don't mind. It'll be my workout for the day. We need to raise this beam up so it makes full contact with the existing joists. Then we'll add the support post so it can hold the lower. That I was kidding, huh? Oh, God. Here we go. So I just wanted to talk about feelings for a minute. So I feel, you know, close to you guys right now. If I ever had to ask for help, you know, I feel like you guys... You really need it. Okay, watch your hand down here. I'm going to step back and take a look at it. Check both ends, so how we look. So we're fully contacted right here. Not even close right here. We're an inch difference in height. Do you have a laser? Yeah, the beams definitely level. How the hell is that possible? This is so frustrating. We cranked the beam up as much as we can and we're still not making full contact with all the joists. I've budgeted for a new beam, but if we have a bunch more structural issues in my budget for this challenge is shot. We are here all about the floors. So, do you have options? You're in luck. Good. Today, Breeze from my design team is here to help me choose the flooring from my living room entry and parlor room. It's a big decision because it has to complement the existing character and the new design elements. When we're thinking storybook chateau, and that's the feel we want with this house, these light tones are actually going to paint that picture, Something that feels organic, rustic. It would be nice to play up something different in the entry corridor, make it special. So, what do you think about something like a herringbone pattern to sort of draw your eye up the space? You like that? Yeah. I think that's one border away. Excellent. Whoo! It's coming together. Team Drew stumbled out of the gate on this challenge, but it feels so good to start envisioning the finishes. When we're done in here, these old floors are going to be solid, level and they're going to look amazing. Slow and steady beats Jonathan. Actually, fast and steady beats, Jonathan. One solution for the issue we're having with the support beam could be that the temp wall is too high. So if we cross our fingers and we knock that out, it might bring everything down level. But if that doesn't solve the problem, I'll lose this challenge and get humiliated on "Entertainment Tonight," which could actually be worse than the beam not fitting. When you knock that out, hopefully that finishes leveling things off. We know this beam is level. I want to see all those joists sit nicely on it. Alright. Here we go. Oh, there's definitely weight on this. - Ha! - Wow. Whoo! Whoa. Oh, my gosh. Touchdown, home run, whatever you want to call it. We are still on schedule. We're still on budget and that is a relief. What I love best about this competition are the rules, they are very strict, We are not allowed to visit each other's construction site to see the renovation, even though I live right next door, because that would be cheating. But I am allowed to open my windows when I get hot and I am allowed to go out for some fresh air and maybe just stand in front of my neighbor's house and and check check my email or something next to the fence. Hey. No, no, no, no. What are you doing? No, just checking. Like a good neighbor, I was trying to see if you needed any sugar. No, no, no, no, no. This is my Drew poking stick. Don't you there. Sharpened for your pleasure. I will stay right here. This is officially public property. I'm on the sidewalk. This is the one thing I knew was going to be a problem, because you walk by my project every single day to go home. I can see right from my upper windows. I don't think it's change. It actually looks exactly the same. That's... Alright. You stepped onto my property. Back on public sidewalks. Listen, I just want one more thing. Alright. Good, good. Alright. I'm out. See you later. Locking. Drew will be getting some payback for that, but unless he can actually see through walls, I think he missed the groin vault ceiling feature in my first entry, which is going to add some real drama to the first impression. But I only have one actual room in this challenge, the living room, and it has to be perfect. So Jolene for my design team is here to help make that happen. On the count of three, point to what the focal point should be. Okay. One, two, three. Fireplace. Yeah. So when we're talking about furniture placement, I feel like everything should be balanced on this. I totally agree. If we had two sofas facing each other perpendicular to the fireplace, I think that would be nice and sophisticated and formal. Yeah. I mean let's find something that's got a little bit of that wow factor. That's the furniture that'll make the space. No, I agree. I'll start pulling my selects from Wayfair, and we'll go from there. Great. Could you always have this stack of wood with you? Because it puts you at the right eyeline so we can have a serious conversation. I agree. Something new we spotted. See that ripple right there? We've got a little water damage on a couple of corners. Oh, my gosh. This original coffered ceiling in the parlor is the crown jewel of this challenge and the whole house for that matter. If water damage has ruined it like it did in the entry, I might have to lose it, and that will completely kill the look I'm going for. This does not look good. We've got a little water damage on a couple of corners. Oh, my gosh. Look at that. Can I have chisel or something? Yeah. We don't want to damage the wood at all. Oh, yeah, that's definitely wallpaper or something. Oh, wow. It's pulling right off. Whoa-ho. It's a good look on you. It was just a wrinkled canvas. Wrinkled canvas, everybody. Disaster averted. At least the actual coffered ceiling, the wood is intact. A big part of the wow factor with this competition will be adding and restoring features to their former glory. While Jolene from my design team is sourcing my living room furniture. I'm tweaking my fireplace plan to give it a sophisticated Spanish facelift. We've got into the shop this morning and forged this out for you so we can get your. You made this this morning? Yeah, we did. Now it's going to have a gorgeous arched opening and the feature will carry right up to the ceiling, drawing the high end buyers. And the groin vault ceiling in the front entryway is going to look unique and so special, I'm going to need to up my game with the flooring. Tile me. This is that first wow factor feature when you... Actually, is it going to be the ceiling? Is it going to be the floor? Is maybe a combination of both? But we had to make sure that our inlay is perfect. This is just another one of those little details that shows you put in the extra effort. And I think a buyer recognizes that because when they see this, they know you spend extra time and money on making it special. The deadline for this challenge is coming up fast, and I still have my heart set on a living room fireplace. I just need to figure out how to do it. We can't change anything on the front of the house here because of the historic commission, so we can build out a chimney. We can't do any sort of venting. Well, we do have a solution for that, which is going to be the splitter and our power vent. So we're not going to vent it out this way. The power vent is going to pull the exhaust down here out of the house a different way. This is amazing news. I wanted a second fireplace, and I got it. And with that worry behind me, it's time to focus on the finishes, like the herringbone pattern in the front entry. Team Drew is on the right path right now. We're firing strong. Before I know it, I'll be embarrassing. Johnson on "Entertainment Tonight." Drew's house is packed with stunning original ceiling features. I think Orlando is going to eat that stuff up. So if I have any chance of winning, I need an answer. And these huge beams are going to add huge character. We're approaching the deadline, but I'm feeling good. My spaces have flow, they have style. They have smart home technology, and that is a winning combo. I love this new fireplace tile idea. I was originally planning on custom built ins in my parlor, but I needed to cut some costs so I'm going with a more clean look around the fireplace instead. Still easy on the eyes, but more importantly, easy on my budget. Besides, I've got a lot of other ways to add character in here, like the wallpaper and my secret weapon... art. The big thing for me with this house, I want to restore the original glory of the home. Features like this coffered ceiling are great. Right, and this hand painted work is amazing. I was hoping we could do some sort of a mural throughout the ceiling here, a lighter tone to really help make the wood pop. Play off the grass cloth color maybe. That can work well on the ceiling. That would be absolutely perfect. Awesome. Team Drew is on fire. We're finishing the final details for my living room, front entry and parlor. And before you know it, we'll be ready for furniture. Hands down, I have this challenge in the bag. Everywhere you look is overflowing with vintage character, literally from the floors to the ceilings. I mean, I guess Jonathan has a chance. Zero percent. That still counts as a chance, right? Why don't we try this one, because I love the lighter tone. I think it will just help make everything state looking bright in here. Wanna do the kick maneuver? Let's do it. I think I pulled a hammy. Stretch. Always stretched before unrolling carpets. We're going with that sophisticated Spanish kind of a feel, more relaxed and a little bit more casual. This is just a cool space that you know you're gonna to want to spend time in. You can have a conversation with people. It's so natural and bright in here. We had a bit of a scare when we were installing our support beam, but in the end, everything worked out. We're totally on budget, and my living room and entry are looking incredible. I know the overall competition is going to be grueling, so it feels great to start on a high note. I'm hoping that when Orlando walks in, he's going to appreciate all the effort that went into creating this space. We better win this one. So, you just throw that down there. - Oh, that's good. - Thanks, guys. - This is so exciting tonight. Isn't it nice. Christmas every day. The big thing we wanted in here was just to make sure that any buyer that comes in that they look at this and they feel all the classic touches could have been here in 1920. Everything is coming together. I had to fix the wonky floors, and in the living room I added a gas fireplace. But I saved some money in the parlor by dropping the custom built ins. So I'm a little over budget, but I'm thrilled with the result and these spaces are going to give me a huge competitive advantage. I am positive Jonathan is not adding two fireplaces. I mean, this is a huge value, function, style, original features. This is the whole recipe. Yeah, it's got it all. Which home do you think wins this challenge? I really wish I had like an envelope. Here is the world premiere. No! I can't unsee this. I can tell always when you're nervous because you start going like this. Yeah, rubbing my hand. I'm not nervous. I want to pattycake. What would make you nervous? The talent that exudes from my bones. I know the obnoxiousness that exudes from your bones. I don't want to see that. - Oh, boy. - Alright. The man of the hour. - How's it going? - Who looks nervous. You both do On "Build Me Up," Orlando Soria renovates homes for clients going through a major life change, and he's the perfect judge for our living room challenge. This is very exciting for me. I've never judged anything before. Oh, really? J.D.'s been judging us his whole life. I still am right now. I can see it in your eyes actually. It's not only going to be interesting to see what you think of the design, but it'll be interesting to see, you know, whose house you think is whose. - Yeah. - We're not going to tell you. Yes, I love mystery. Now, do you want to know what the loser has to do? Absolutely. Okay, so "Entertainment Tonight" will do a blooper reel of all the losing brother's most embarrassing. So also, I mean, I have more material on Jonathan. I like Drew's house. - You go do your thing. - I'm ready to judge. - We'll see you guys later. - Bye. So, you remember the before photos? I do. I'm so excited to see what happened inside. Well, without further ado, go in. Yes. See you later. Good luck. Wow. Oh, my God. This looks so good. This just has so much more of a sense of presence. I love the wood beams on the ceiling, so rustic, so organic and yet so modern. Oh, this tile on the fireplace is so pretty. I love that detail. I feel very relaxed being in here. The first thing I notice when I walk into the house next door, it has an identity. I didn't know what style it was when I saw it before. Now it feels like a Spanish revival style home. This fireplace is completely different. It was just this kind of lackluster fireplace. Now it's a beautiful Spanish style fireplace. It has the arc opening perfect for a house that has this kind of history. I love the way this whole place has been furnished. It feels really fresh, super airy, very California. There's a lot of wood to bring in some warmth. I love it. Wow. The floor is really beautiful. I love the embedded tile with that really beautiful light wood. It's so unique you never see this. Oh my gosh, I didn't even notice the ceiling. That is beautiful. This is something that you don't see every day. And I think that that is what people are looking for when they're looking to buy a really beautiful, historic home. This is a crazy transformation. It feels like it's ripped out of a Nancy Meyers movie. There should be a lady wearing a cable knit sweater, drinking a glass of white wine, thinking about lost love. And I'm all here for that. And now you're heading into the corner chateau. Do you remember what this one looked like from the pictures? Yes. This one had a lot of really beautiful innate character. I love a French chateau style home, so I'm really excited to check it out and see what it looks like now that it's been renovated. Ooh. Wow, that's gorgeous. This room looks fully different, it matches the traditional vibe of the house, but it also feels like it has a little bit of a contemporary bite. I love that. This room kept the original beams, which thank goodness, I love keeping original detail. I definitely like that there's some hand painting going on in the ceiling is obviously custom. It's so, so beautiful. It kind of references the painting that was already on these beautiful beams. That is lovely. I walk into the corner chateau and the first thing I feel is just, oh, it feels so beautiful and sophisticated and relaxing in here. This looks gorgeous. This is so pretty. Wow, I love this. This feels like a space I'd want to hang out in. Everything is very neutral and creamy and pretty and open, the perfect place to have a nice little coffee and hang out with your friends. This fireplace was not here before, and that looks amazing. I'm really impressed by that. Oh, I didn't even notice the herringbone in the entryway. It feels old and historic and beautiful, perfect for the style of this house. This is an extremely tough decision, but I have to choose one house over the other. What am I going to choose? - There you are. - Alright. Have a seat. You can see the fear in their eyes right now. We like being judged, and I know he does great design. It's nerve wracking but fun to see what you think. So walking into the house next door, the first thing I noticed just generally, overall, it felt like it had an identity. This house that kind of like felt blah and kind of meh had this beautiful Spanish style infused into it. So there's this character that feels so historic and so beautiful. And it was added, which I think is so smart. And then in the corner chateau, the original detailing on those beams is insane, and people go crazy for that kind of detail on the ceiling. The added fireplaces just gives this kind of like luxurious feeling, like to have these fireplaces everywhere, which I really liked. Which house do you think was designed by which brother? I think that the corner chateau is you, Drew, and I think that the house next door is, Jonathan. But the more important question, which home do you think wins this challenge? I really wish I had like an envelope. - Don't make this painful. - Alright. The winner of the living room challenge is... The winner of the living room challenge is... The house next door. - Ooh! - What?! - I was right. - Yeah, you were right. - You did it? - Yeah. I just thought it had so much more character than it had before it. You took a meh house and you made it, like, more gorgeous, amazing. I don't care how you made me the winner. I just love that you made me the winner. Yes. This is an omen. It's the first challenge of the new competition, I've come out on top. How? Takes Drew down a notch. Good job. I'm still frustrated. And I think in about a few days I may be embarrassed. This hurts. You don't even understand the shame that's coming. I feel for you for sure. It looks like Drew's the one is going to get embarrassed. Oh, yeah. Get ready, blooper boy. We got all that footage, and it's going live. Don't use the good stuff. Orlando, I still love you, but I'm mad at you. Just he loves you a little bit less. Hey, guys. Am I interrupting? No, no, It's all good. I am so excited because making fun of my brother is what I live for. So, how do we condense all of his embarrassing moments into one perfect clip? Roll tape two. Okay, ready? There, right there. Don't zoom in on this. He has a tendency just to take his clothes off, and it's embarrassing. Between myself and J.D., I knew we'd have a lot of great drew footage from over the years. But wow, there was an embarrassment of riches. We'll do the last frame of him in the Valley outfit. He does this weird, like, hip thrusting thing. Yeah, yeah. We'll just go to that, and we'll loop it. Yeah, exactly. Oh, my gosh. I'm embarrassed for him. Some of this stuff has never seen the light of day, and so it's secret footage that is about to be unleashed and I'm going to love every second of it. Okay, you guys can keep assembling that together. I'm going to go host the show, and then when we drop this, he is going to be mortified. Got a lot of work to do. Five, four, three, two... ET's day with Property Brothers continues. Yes, it does. We've got so much to talk about. - Gossip. - Indeed. I put on a brave face for the "Entertainment Tonight" audience, but when it came time to roll the video, I don't know if I've ever been more terrified in my life. Now, this week, the stakes were high. The winning brother met up with our team here at ET to edit a highly... When I say highly, I mean highly... Embarrassing montage of footage of the losing brother. Well, Mr. Loser, how are you feeling? You know, I'm a little scared because nobody has more dirt on me than Jonathan. And this actually works better because Drew has more embarrassing footage than anybody else. So I'm excited that I was able to showcase this for everybody. I hope I have my clothes on for most of it. Here is the world premiere. Oh, my gosh, Da, da, da, da. - Starting with that, - Where did you find that? Oh, I have everything. Cannonball. Oh! I thought it buried them, though. I literally thought I deleted all copies of that. Have you heard the cloud? - Wow. - Oh, God. Oh boy. I didn't think anybody had that footage. That's solid. Nice try... Oh, Ah, man. How do you live that down? Oh, that's not it. Oh I know it's got to be the other way around here. Yeah, yeah. Well, thank you. You're off my Christmas card list for giving Jonathan the opportunity. I want to thank you for exposing that to the world because people cannot unsee it. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Next time on "Brother vs Brother," two words, Mariachi band. The kitchen challenge heats up. There's rot, there's water damage everywhere. Oh. All the things. And in "Frozen in Time's" Maureen McCormick and Dan Vickery will crown the kitchen king. Bringing in that layer of history is fantastic. It's going to be a tough choice. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 