Lincoln Rhyme: Hunt for the Bone Collector: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lincoln Rhyme: Hunt for the Bone Collector 
 s1e8 - Original Sin - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lincoln Rhyme: Hunt for the Bone Collector (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Original Sin - full transcript 
 When a politician's teenage daughter is kidnapped for ransom, Lincoln, Amelia and the team race against time to rescue her before the unthinkable happens. Meanwhile, the team makes a ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ‐ Previously on "Lincoln Rhyme"... ‐ He's watching you. ‐ Rachel. It's my sister. ‐ How is Rachel? ‐ She's resilient. Lincoln, it's my fault. ‐ You can't take responsibility. ‐ What I do, it put her in harm's way. ‐ And you saved her. ‐ That's him. It's the Bone Collector. ‐ So if we're right, Barry Rocco is buried somewhere in that field. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ‐ We find that body, we find a link to the Bone Collector. The body is gone. ‐ Can't get ahead of this guy. ‐ How the hell does he know what we're doing? ‐ You're the Bone Collector. ‐ I am. ‐ You're insane. [muffled whimpers] ‐ It's not what you think. I can't help feeling this might be the most foolish thing I've ever done‐‐ freeing you. ‐ Peter. ‐ Got it. Thank you! ‐ Okay, I gotta go. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ‐ Teresa, what is it? What's wrong? ‐ We'll talk about it later, Dad. ‐ Or we can talk about it now. ‐ You're playing candidate tonight. I don't wanna be your bad optic. ‐ Hey, T, who's the one who taught me to be open? Talk about what's on your mind? ‐ What's on my mind is keeping you on track to talk about what's important tonight: destigmatizing mental illness, putting money into schools, making kids feel safe to talk about their feelings. ‐ Maybe you should be running. ‐ [chuckles] Look, I support your message, Dad. I just don't wanna be a political prop, and I don't want Mom's death or my issues to be turned into a talking point. ‐ Sweetheart, you know I wouldn't do that. ‐ We'll talk later. ‐ Security's waiting out back. I'll let them know you're on your way. She's coming out now. ‐ Yes, sir. Standing by. [suspenseful music] [clanging] ♪ ♪ Anyone have eyes on Teresa? No, she hasn't come out of the building yet. Mr. Martinez, she never came out of the building. I don't know where she is. ♪ ♪ ‐ You two have that sound, that "this is important" sound. ‐ He's developing a sixth sense. It's about Alex Martinez. ‐ The guy running for Congress? ‐ The guy who is gonna win, hopefully. He's got the young vote. Even Rachel is knocking on doors for him. ‐ So if he's not dead, who is? ‐ No one yet, but his daughter Teresa vanished from the campaign office and hasn't been seen since. ‐ Kidnapping? ‐ Yeah, that's how we're treating it. Now, Teresa left the Regency Arms reception lobby. She heads to a service entrance. Video tracks the whole route. ‐ The only area without cameras in it is a service hallway with nowhere to hide. She walks into the hall, doesn't come out. ‐ Crime scene techs scoured her every step. No sign of a struggle, nothing. She never made it to her security detail out back. It's like she just disappeared. ‐ NYPD's running traffic pods, security cams, cell phone video. I mean, we've got nothing. ‐ Why the personal security? ‐ Martinez is pushing big change. The old guard don't like that. ‐ The millionaire man of the people. ‐ I mean, he may be rich, but Alexander Martinez is one of the good guys. ‐ I'm skeptical of all politicians. ‐ Then take politics out of it. This is a man whose daughter is missing. I get how he feels. ‐ Then let's get down there. Whoever took Teresa had to leave behind some kind of trace. Only way to find her is to find them. ♪ ♪ Tell me what you see. Look for anything out of the ordinary. ♪ ♪ ‐ I got nothing. You? ‐ Not yet. Keep looking. ‐ The ceiling has no access panel. Floors look solid. ‐ Wait, what's that? ‐ What? Where? ‐ On the floor. ♪ ♪ ‐ Looks like powder... With bits of‐‐ ‐ Drywall? ‐ Yeah. ‐ See if you can move that shelf unit out of the way. ‐ [grunts] ♪ ♪ Lincoln, these screws have been loosened. [grunts, gasps] It's a laundry chute. ‐ Shine a light toward the floor. ‐ What are you thinking? Why would there be a laundry chute here? ‐ I'm thinking that's not a laundry chute. Felix, give me the blueprints for the Regency Arms, circa 1930. ♪ ♪ ‐ Found the blueprints, but it's not a hotel. It was a bank. ‐ Okay, and? ‐ Banks in the '20s and '30s were dangerous places. Dillinger, Baby Face Nelson, Bonnie and Clyde. You had enough firepower, you could walk in poor and walk out rich. Banks turned to heavy steel vaults that could withstand robbers, mobs, natural disasters. They emptied the cash drawer every hour. Tellers placed money in a bag, and dropped it down a cash chute. ‐ Dropped it into what? ‐ Usually, a vault. ♪ ♪ ‐ This vault has been sealed off for years. They drop her down here, she lands on the mattress, then they exit without anyone seeing. ‐ Yup, there's a service exit out there. No cameras‐‐ it's not in use. ‐ Wait, I got something. [grunts] ♪ ♪ Her purse. Must've gotten caught on the inside lock release. ♪ ♪ Ooh, that smell. ‐ Yeah. Chloroform. Now we know how they got her in the chute. ‐ Amelia, get that purse back to Kate. Full forensics on the chute and the mattress for any trace of our missing girl or her kidnapper. ‐ Got it. [footsteps approaching] ‐ Teresa's father just got a ransom demand. We need to move fast. ♪ ♪ ‐ They want me to say this. Two million dollars wired to an account that will come later. If they don't have the money by noon tomorrow, they'll kill me. ‐ You have to find her. We have 22 hours to find my daughter. ♪ ♪ [foreboding music] ♪ ♪ One of my volunteers found the envelope with the thumb drive inside. ‐ We'll run it for prints. ‐ Why was Teresa here this morning? ‐ "New York Magazine" is doing a spread on me. She agreed to a photo. ‐ So they knew she would be here. ‐ I suppose. ‐ Okay, we're gonna need a list of anyone who had access, who knew her schedule, friends, colleagues, enemies. ‐ Enemies? People love Teresa. She works helping troubled teens. I like to think I'm compassionate; she puts me to shame. ‐ Can you think of anyone else who may be targeting you? ‐ I'm stirring things up. A lot of people don't like it, not just Aaron Fraser supporters. He's held office 28 years now, and... [sighs] People don't like change. ‐ So no other ideas about who could've taken her. ‐ No, I‐‐I don't know if it's anything, but before she left, Teresa was upset at me, I think, but she wouldn't tell me why. ‐ You think it was personal? ‐ Usually I can read her like a book. When her mother died, she took it hard. Really depressed, and I think going through that, getting her treatment, it made us close. But lately, with the campaign... I swore, I wouldn't let all this come between us. [knock on door] Excuse me. Are we good? ‐ Your accountant is liquidating some stocks. We'll have enough cash on hand to pay the ransom by end of day. ‐ Thank you. Shelby Waites, my Campaign Manager. ‐ The campaign is the last thing any of us are worried about right now. ‐ Delicate topic. We don't want him to pay until the deadline tomorrow. Paying may get Teresa back. It also may render her expendable. ‐ Mr. Martinez, we all wanna get your daughter back. We just ask that you coordinate with us before wiring any funds. ‐ I don't care about the money. ‐ And you don't want to look like you're stalling. Not to the kidnappers‐‐ ‐ Or to the voters? Is that what you were gonna say? ‐ Public opinion will weigh in. ‐ Look, I don't care about anything. The campaign, my base, the polls. All I want is Teresa home. ‐ That's all any of us care about, but we just want to have the best shot at catching whoever did this. ‐ And you think if I pay, they might hurt her anyway? ‐ A delay will give us time to do our job to get your daughter back. ‐ 21 1/2 hours. You want me to wait all that time and do nothing? ‐ [sighs] [suspenseful music] [gasps] [somber music] ♪ ♪ I got this. ♪ ♪ ‐ Thank you. You okay? ♪ ♪ ‐ You know, kidnappings. They, uh, affect me differently. You know, knowing someone's out there, captive, um... ‐ It triggers you, I know, because of what happened to Rachel. ‐ Yeah. ‐ But you're stronger than you think you are. ‐ [chuckles] I keep telling myself that. ‐ Good. Even so, you're right. Kidnappings are a different animal. With murder, we fight for the dead. With kidnappings, we fight to keep someone alive so one doesn't turn into the other. ♪ ♪ You got something? ‐ Yeah. No, I mean, yes, it's about the Bone Collector, though, and now's not the time. ‐ Amelia, ideas come when they come. Just spill it. ‐ You said kidnapping is a different animal than murder. The Bone Collector, with all of his murders, at least most of them, he takes them, disables them, kills them. ‐ All right, and kidnappings turn into murder. And? ‐ And we've looked at almost anything that could be a cold case Bone Collector murder, but what about a cold case kidnapping? One that didn't turn to murder? ‐ A victim who got away and who might still be alive. ‐ Yeah, I mean, he's cleaned up all of his murders, but this? This would be so far off his radar. We might be able to find someone who could help us ID him. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ If I knew real romance ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ My heart was getting free ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Now I don't have a trace ♪ ♪ Of what you're doing to me ♪ ‐ [sighs] ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ Your smile, your soft sweet voice ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Captures me effortlessly ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I have no other choice ♪ [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ ‐ [sobs] ♪ ♪ [pants] [knock on door] ‐ Hello? [knock on door] Is someone in there? Hello? Oh, I‐I thought this space was empty. ‐ It is. Super has me doing some work. ‐ Oh, I'm representing an artist who's looking for a work space. Is there any way I could just take a quick look around? ‐ Now's not a good time. ‐ Oh, that's okay. I just want to get a feel for the space. ‐ There was a leak. The place is a mess. Come back next week. ‐ Oh, I just‐‐uh... [country music plays] ‐ You shouldn't have opened the box. ‐ We got a lead on Teresa. ‐ Eric went through video at the Regency Arms. ‐ I thought that was a dead end. ‐ He went back to when Teresa came in this morning. Found this. ♪ ♪ ‐ Excellent. You got prints from the banister. ‐ And we got a suspect, Max Montel‐‐ four arrests for possession. Last one sent him to a treatment program instead of jail. Now the place treats addiction, depression. Guess who was there getting treatment for her depression at the same time. ‐ Teresa Martinez. ‐ Wait a second. Look, ten o'clock right there. ‐ Huh. [tires squeal] And of course he's running. They always run. Guess I'm getting out, huh? ‐ I got 'em. Stop! NYPD! ♪ ♪ I said stop! ♪ ♪ [police sirens wail] NYPD! Stop! [brakes screech] ♪ ♪ ‐ [grunts] ‐ It's never a good idea to run on me. ‐ All right, all right! I'm done! ‐ Listen, get up! ‐ Look, man, I don't know what you think I did, but I'm innocent, all right? ‐ Innocent, huh? Sorry, Mike, this guy is innocent. He's just running for the cardio right now. ‐ Look, I had an ounce of weed on me, okay? It's a probation violation. ‐ It sure is, just like kidnapping. So where's Teresa Martinez? ‐ Teresa's missing? Yo, I didn't take her. I'm her boyfriend. ‐ Yeah, well, that's funny, 'cause nobody seems to know you were dating. Nobody even mentioned you. ‐ That's because I wasn't ready. Her dad's become this folk hero. The press follow him, his family‐‐it's too much. I'm still working on my sobriety. I have my slip‐ups. ‐ So you want us to believe that was a lover's spat in the hotel this morning? ‐ It wasn't even a fight. I went there to tell her not to do the photo. ‐ Easy. ‐ Look, Teresa was upset with her dad, okay? I told her either confront him or walk away. ‐ Confront him about what? ‐ I don't know. I don't know. Look, we were at dinner last night, and she goes to the bathroom, and then I see some guy talking with her. This dude is heated. When she sits back down, she's ready to cry, and she won't even tell me why. Just that it was something to do with her dad. That's all I know. You've got to help her. ‐ Lincoln! ‐ Everything all right? ‐ All good. ‐ Then why were you yelling? ‐ I just wanted you to know how it feels. Which I realize now might have been poor judgment. ‐ So we've been analyzing everything we have. ‐ You got Max's fingerprint on the thumb drive? Residue on the envelope? ‐ Amelia called. She said that Max went straight to work from the hotel. So coworkers confirm it. He alibis out. ‐ Which puts Dad in our sights. ‐ Except for this. It was hidden in the lining of her purse. It's a tracking device. ‐ GPS? ‐ Yeah, state of the art. ‐ The kidnapper was keeping tabs on her. ‐ Yeah, I ran the serial number, which led to a place of purchase, which led to a credit card‐‐ ‐ Was it her father or not? ‐ Not. Bought by one Jerry Burgess. Matches Max's description of the guy who upset Teresa last night. ‐ And get this. Burgess works for an oppo research firm, digging up dirt on politicians' opponents. ‐ And let me guess. His firm was working for Congressman Aaron Fraser, 28‐year incumbent currently running against Alex Martinez. ‐ You think Aaron Fraser kidnapped his opponent's daughter? ‐ Come on, guys, this isn't "House of Cards." ‐ Then why'd you plant a tracer in Teresa's purse? ‐ Do you have my prints on the tracer? On the purse? ‐ A girl was kidnapped. If you had nothing to do with it, then help us. ‐ Sorry, I have obligations to my client. ‐ Well, what about obligations to yourself? 'Cause here's the thing, Jerry... We have an eyewitness IDing you with Teresa. You upset her pretty bad. A day later, she's gone? How's your boss gonna feel when we link his campaign to his opponent's daughter's disappearance? ‐ [sighs] Look, I got a lead on some dirt. I was doing my homework. She caught me following her. I decided to tell her, see if she'd dig herself a deeper hole. ‐ What do you have on Teresa? ‐ Martinez is supposed to be clean as a whistle. Turns out she was siphoning money to herself through the campaign. 25K a month. She was on the payroll, but no one there's ever seen her. ‐ She was embezzling? ‐ That's what I thought, but she didn't have a clue. She was furious. Daddy's funneling campaign money somewhere, but not to her. ‐ Then to who? ‐ I wish I knew. She was gonna confront him. She swore if it were true, she'd go to the press herself, which suited us fine. My two cents. She called him on it, didn't like his answer, she's gonna follow through. Daddy had to find a way to stop her. ♪ ♪ ‐ You're accusing me of being involved in my own daughter's kidnapping? ‐ We have evidence you're siphoning 25 grand a month from your own campaign. Teresa found out. Now she wants to go public. ‐ That's insane. I'm not running for money. I'm doing it to make a difference, to give people a chance. ‐ Please, spare us the stump speech, Mr. Martinez. ‐ Look, we know your daughter was upset with you. We just need to know why. ‐ I told you, she wouldn't tell me. I don't need 25 grand a month! I need you to find my daughter! Go ahead, open my books. I'll have Shelby give you full access. You'll see I have nothing to hide. You have 15 hours. Do what you need to do. I'll pay the ransom. I won't gamble with her life. [inaudible] ‐ Problem with the speakers? I'm no Felix, but I set up the surround sound in my own apartment. Just saying. ‐ Take away one of the senses, the others come to the fore. I've been playing this over and over. ‐ You see more if you're not distracted by her words. ‐ Listening to a scared young woman draws your emotion. Take that away and tell me what you see. ‐ There, that sign in the corner. Does the video catch any more of it? ‐ That's all we need. ‐ Let me guess. The rivets used to fasten the sign to the wall are antiques made in Poughkeepsie. ‐ No. The sign itself. It's white text on a green color strip all on a white background. Colors of an OSHA safety sign. They're keeping her in a factory. ‐ Gotta be abandoned. There are tons. Any idea what was made in the factory to narrow it down? ‐ That's why I'm still watching. ‐ Right. [computer beeps] ‐ Felix, you found something at campaign headquarters? ‐ Fraud, embezzlement, poorly hidden paper trail. ‐ Alexander Martinez is dirty. ‐ I'm not talking about Martinez. I'm talking Shelby Waites. ‐ The campaign manager. ‐ Martinez authorized Shelby to make petty cash withdrawals in his name. That's where the cash came from, and why it looked like he was the one stealing. ‐ Yes, it did. ‐ Shelby is over 65 grand in debt. Bank accounts are empty, maxed out cash advances on her credit cards. ‐ So she was the one who was desperate for the money. ‐ And kidnapping Teresa Martinez is how she plans to fix it. We've got to get to her fast. ‐ Eric, Amelia, and Sellitto are already on their way to her place. ‐ NYPD! ♪ ♪ ‐ Clear. ♪ ♪ ‐ Clear! ‐ All clear. ‐ Over here! ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Shelby Waites. It's light but there's a pulse. ‐ I need a medic! ‐ Where the hell is Teresa? ‐ She's in bad shape. Sellitto and Eric are with her at the hospital. [computer beeps] Huh. Did you pull these swabs from the same spot? ‐ We got the reference sample from where Shelby's head hit the floor, but there was blood all over. Back of a chair, glass from a picture frame, edge of a marble table. Why? ‐ We gotta call Lincoln. I've got a suspect. ‐ You can't run DNA that fast. ‐ I took a shortcut. As I was preparing Shelby's blood to crosscheck, I ran a simple CBC on all the sample spots. Turns out, three distinct people. Must've been some fight. ‐ We're saying there are two accomplices? ‐ Yes, but on two of them, Shelby's and one of the other's, the red blood cell counts were low. Very low. They both have thalassemia intermedia. ‐ Which tells us what? ‐ It's nothing serious, but it's rare. I mean, the chances of it being random are next to nil. They're related. ‐ Felix. ‐ On the same page. Just give me a minute, and‐‐boom. Shelby has no full siblings, but she does have a half brother. Brendan Kenny, arrests for drugs, theft, B&E.; His rap sheet takes up more room than you have screens. ‐ So she needed cash and she knew who to turn to. ‐ She and her brother and whoever number three is, they hatch a plan to kidnap her rich boss' daughter, pay off her debts, give him money for drugs or whatever. ‐ But why did they turn on her? ‐ People snap for all kinds of reasons. ♪ ♪ ‐ I'm so sorry. ♪ ♪ ‐ Mike. She is not gonna be able to talk to us. ‐ I've interviewed people in worse shape, okay? We need to find Teresa. ‐ [sighs] Shelby. Shelby. NYPD. ‐ It's okay. It's okay. ‐ Where's Teresa Martinez? ‐ [gasps] I don't know. ‐ You don't know? Come on. It was your plan. You researched the elevator. You roped your brother in. ‐ No. [pants] I would never hurt Teresa. Never. ‐ Shelby, Teresa was kidnapped to pay off your debts. We know. ‐ My debts are to pay off my brother's debts. Brendan gambles. He owes people a lot of money. These people would've hurt him. Killed him. ‐ What people, Shelby? ‐ He runs with a rough crowd. [sighs] Our father, he ditched him. I felt bad for him. ‐ Bad enough to help kidnap your boss' daughter? ‐ He asked a lot of questions about her. I thought he was just showing interest. I had no idea what his plan was. When I found out, I freaked out. I went to Brendan. I told him he had to end this. ‐ So Brendan did this to you? ‐ No, no, no. He would never do this. I‐I talked him into letting Teresa go, but then this guy showed up. ‐ What guy? ‐ It's got to be Brendan's accomplice. ‐ [gasps] ‐ Shelby, stay with us. ‐ [gasps] ‐ What did this guy look like? ‐ He had a face like a rat. He was pissed that I knew. Brendan tried to stop him, but he thought that I would talk. [wheezing] ‐ I'm gonna get help. ‐ Shelby, please. Please tell me where Teresa is. ‐ I'm sorry. I wish I could tell you where she was. I don't think they're gonna let her go. ‐ Good news and bad news. ‐ Hmm. ‐ Shelby Waites isn't doing well. ‐ Tell me that's the bad news. ‐ [sighs] Well, the good news is that when the hospital cut off her clothes to take her into surgery‐‐ ‐ You grabbed them so I could run them for trace evidence. You're brilliant. ‐ Well, it was Lincoln's idea. He said, "Run a hard evidence test‐‐" both: "Before running a chemical evidence test." ‐ Not my first rodeo. ‐ Yeah, well, don't shoot the messenger. ‐ He's right though. ‐ Yeah, he sure is. ‐ Huh. ‐ What's that? ‐ With any luck, the key to finding Brendan's location. ♪ ♪ [doorbell rings] ♪ ♪ ‐ Mr. Martinez, what is it? ‐ The Chief said I should come straight to you. The kidnappers sent me a message. ‐ What kind of message? ♪ ♪ Damn. ♪ ♪ ‐ Look what they did to her. My daughter. I mean, how do I even know she's still alive? ‐ The blood at the cut line tell us she was alive when they did this. The finger is proof of life. ‐ Not the finger, her finger. My daughter's finger. ‐ It's terrible, but it tells us they're desperate, and knows they need her alive. ‐ I want this over. Whatever it is. I don't care. I want to pay now. ‐ I understand. And if that's what you want to do, it's your call. ‐ But you think it's a mistake. ‐ It's a gamble. ‐ This isn't a game! I'm not gambling with my daughter's life. ‐ I know it's not a game, but once they get the money, they don't need Teresa. But at least with Brendan, we know we're dealing with a petty criminal. He's never done this before, which means he's unpredictable. We don't know what he'll do. ‐ [sobs] [somber music] ♪ ♪ ‐ Do you have children, Detective? ‐ I have a son. ‐ Then maybe you understand. ‐ I do. ‐ And if it were him, I wouldn't pay until I had to because I would bank on my ability to find him. And to do that, I'll need that finger. ‐ What? ‐ We know Teresa is being held in a factory somewhere, which means that finger may contain evidence that finds her. ♪ ♪ ‐ Mr. Martinez... if it were my family, I'd do whatever Lincoln thought was best. If anyone can find your daughter, he can. ♪ ♪ ‐ Tell me we have a break. ‐ No moves yet. Kate's multitasking, running the finger and the trace from the clothes. ‐ And we know it's hers? ‐ The print is a match, yeah. We know that she was at least alive when he sent it. ‐ Right. Excuse me. Hey. ‐ Hey. Those files you wanted? ‐ Uh‐huh? ‐ The old kidnappings from Westchester? ‐ You got 'em? ‐ Yeah. ‐ You didn't tell anyone? ‐ No, not a soul. ‐ Can you have them sent to Lincoln's apartment? ‐ Have what sent to Lincoln's apartment? ‐ Thanks. ‐ I know you found something. The only reason you work records is so you can snoop the best case. ‐ I do not snoop. I'm an armchair detective. Sometimes I even figure out who did it before the investigators do. ‐ Well, you are smart. ‐ Yeah, I'm not as smart as you are, Peter. ‐ I'm partial to forensics, lab work, the ability to find evidence the detectives missed. ‐ I get why you're interested in the Bone Collector. If you were on the case, they'd have caught him years ago. ‐ I mean, come on, eight years they can't find this guy? ‐ Between us, I think they're gonna catch him this time. They have something new. [dramatic music] ‐ What do you mean, "new"? ‐ Well, they got a lead, a suspect‐‐I'm not sure. They're not going through channels. ♪ ♪ ‐ [chuckles] ‐ I know you. You know what they have. ‐ Well, I don't know what they have, but I can guess. ‐ Every finger tells a story. I found traces of naphthalene and tallow under the nail, and urethane on the finger. ‐ Urethane is generally used as a sealant. Naphthalene and tallow are used in old school boiler grease. ‐ So much for playing stump the band. ‐ But there's a thousand manufacturing sites in New York alone. It's a lot of doorbells to ring. ‐ Did I say I was finished? We found traces of Manila hemp on Shelby's clothes. That hemp was woven and sealed with urethane. She must have got the trace from her brother. ‐ He's got her in a rope factory. [dramatic music] ‐ Hemp rope is manufactured in three facilities in the New York area, one of them, a factory in the Bronx, shut down two years ago. No new tenant. ‐ Perfect place to keep a hostage. ‐ Except it's huge. There's a million places to hide in there. ‐ You said boiler grease. There, look, the boiler room. Middle of the complex, away from windows... Perfect hiding spot. ‐ Go. We'll have ESU meet you there. [sirens wailing] ♪ ♪ ‐ ESU's still 15 minutes out. ‐ Well, we can't wait. The deadline's in ten minutes. ‐ Can't wait, then we go in hot. Vest, guns. ‐ No, a show of force like that, they'd kill her. ‐ Well, if we wait, they're gonna kill her anyway. ‐ [sighs] Lincoln... You hearing this? ‐ Eric and Sellito want to go in. You're afraid you'll force their hand. ‐ And? ‐ What if you go in and they don't see you coming? ‐ How do we do that? ‐ Across the street, the gas station. I saw a liquid nitrogen truck. ‐ How does liquid nitrogen help us? ‐ When nitrogen replaces oxygen, hypoxia sets in. They'll lose consciousness. ‐ That could kill her. ‐ You'll have a minute, maybe two, to get her out. Paramedics are already standing by. ‐ It's too risky. ‐ It's worth a shot. ‐ Let's go. Don't let anyone through. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, pull this truck into this driveway. I will explain later. I need that right now. ‐ Felix, get those blueprints back up. Find me an intake port. ‐ There's a standpipe by the loading dock, goes straight down into the boiler room. Plug it in, nitrogen will flood straight into the room. ♪ ♪ ‐ [grunts] Ain't happening. ‐ Hey, paramedics only have one oxygen canister. That's it. We're gonna have to share. ‐ Oxygen's the least of our problems. These caps are rusted solid. They won't come off. ‐ We have two minutes. ‐ [groaning] ‐ We have another option. We have to wait till ESU comes. ‐ No, no, wait. [grunting] There we go. ‐ Hey, yeah! All right, put it on! Let's go. Go, go, go, go. ‐ Okay. [dramatic music] ‐ All right, that's as good as it's gonna get. Let's go. ♪ ♪ Let's move. Boiler room's this way. ‐ Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, don't. ‐ [whimpering] ‐ Get back. ‐ [muffled pleading] ‐ We are in the boiler room. It's huge. ‐ I don't see her. ‐ Shh... ‐ Nick, come on. ‐ Please, I know my father. He'll pay. Please, just wait, please. ‐ The deadline's a minute out. Daddy's not paying! ‐ Nick, we can still make it out of this, please. ♪ ♪ [coughing] ‐ You said this place was abandoned. ‐ [coughing] ‐ I can't breathe. ‐ I'm getting out of here. [coughing] ‐ [coughing] [gasping] ♪ ♪ ‐ Hey, where's the other kidnapper? ‐ She's alive. ‐ There's a pulse. ‐ Here. Teresa... Teresa, I need you to breathe into this. ‐ [coughing] ‐ Okay, you're safe. ‐ We need to get her out of here. ‐ We're gonna get you out of here. ‐ [coughing] [gunshot] ‐ [grunts] [body thumps] ♪ ♪ [siren wails] [indistinct radio chatter] ‐ Right there, sir. ‐ Teresa, oh, my God. ‐ [sobs] [bittersweet music] ♪ ♪+ ‐ Hey. Solved a case. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Rescued a girl... ‐ Yeah. ‐ You did good. ‐ Mike. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Thank you, partner. ‐ Well, you'd do it for me. ‐ Well, I mean... ‐ You would do it for me? ‐ It depends. ‐ [laughs] [phone vibrating] ‐ Whoa, Lincoln. ‐ Ignore him. ‐ Everyone deserves one free moment in life, Lincoln. ‐ Hey! ‐ Amelia... ‐ Yeah? ‐ Nice work, but I need you over here now. [pensive music] ♪ ♪ Next page. I've been looking through the files from Westchester. ‐ Oh, my God, you found something. ‐ James Asher, kidnapped over 30 years ago and escaped. ‐ You think it's the Bone Collector? ‐ Asher was being held in a pit filled with animal bones. Report says Asher never saw his attacker. It also says he seemed to be hiding something. He was scared. ‐ And he's alive? Asher is still alive. ‐ In East Stroudsburg, PA. It's an hour away if you hit the road now. ‐ Faster if I go code three. ‐ Amelia... ‐ I'll be careful. But if Asher is still alive after the Bone Collector cleaned up his old kills... This is it, Lincoln. We're gonna beat him. [sirens wailing] [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [doorbell rings] [tense music] ♪ ♪ James Asher? ‐ That's it. That's where he kept me. ‐ And you never saw him, never heard his voice? ‐ No, I, uh... You think this has something to do with a case now? ‐ We think whoever did this to you didn't stop, that he kept going. Figured out how to not let people go, how to not get caught. ‐ He knows something. Tell him. ‐ Mr. Asher, are you familiar with the Bone Collector? ‐ The serial killer? Oh, my God. ‐ He would've been a young man. You might've even known him. ♪ ♪ ‐ Push him gently. ‐ James? If you know any little thing that could help us... ‐ I saw him in the woods when I got out. He said he was sorry, he was on drugs, that he wasn't thinking straight. He cried. He begged me not to say anything. His parents were abusive. They'd send him away. Promised to go to rehab. ‐ Who? Mr. Asher, I need to know who. ‐ [sighs] It can't be him. He went to rehab. He got a degree. He got married. He and his wife have been in this house. ‐ Okay, and if he's never hurt anyone again, then that is okay, but if we are right, I need to know who. ‐ My cousin. I got cheating off him in chemistry. I was scared. I told him he was cheating off me. I was a kid. I wasn't... ‐ Get a name. ‐ James... I need that name. ♪ ♪ ‐ Peter. Peter Taylor. ♪ ♪ ‐ Oh, my God. I know him. ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 