Lincoln Rhyme: Hunt for the Bone Collector: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lincoln Rhyme: Hunt for the Bone Collector 
 s1e9 - Open Warfare - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lincoln Rhyme: Hunt for the Bone Collector (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Open Warfare - full transcript 
 The Bone Collector's name and face are all over the news. Staying one step ahead of our team, The Bone Collector puts his ultimate revenge plan into action by targeting those closest to Lincoln, including Amelia. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 . ‐ Previously on "Lincoln Rhyme"... ‐ Agent Cutter. ‐ So you're the dog with the bone flooding my inbox every day with your thoughts? You're smart, and you're good, but if you can't play on the team, you'll only be so good. ‐ I read your file. Sounds like you're just putting in the required three years so you can get in the FBI. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Then what, be a profiler? ‐ The FBI rejected me. ‐ This is... Jane. You're the bone collector. ‐ I am. ‐ You know that if you kill me, it'll torture you. ‐ I've been looking through the files from Westchester. ‐ Oh, my God. You found something. ‐ A victim who got away who might still be alive. ‐ You think it's the Bone Collector? ‐ I need that name. ‐ Peter. Peter Taylor. ‐ I know him. [dramatic tone] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ‐ ♪ What to do now that she doesn't want me ♪ ♪ That's what‐‐ ♪ [crash] ‐ NYPD. We have a search warrant. ‐ ♪ What to do to keep from being lonely ♪ ‐ Living room clear. ‐ Peter Taylor, show yourself. ‐ ♪ What to do ♪ ♪ The record hops ♪ ♪ And all the happy times we had ♪ [tense music] ♪ ♪ ‐ NYPD. Show me your hands. ‐ Careful. You know how he is with traps. ♪ ♪ ‐ Oh, my God. That's his wife. ‐ Danielle Taylor, maiden name Crocker. ‐ Bastard killed his own wife. ‐ We need a crime tech in here. ‐ No, we don't have time. This doesn't look like his other kills. There's no sign of trauma. No blood. ‐ Her hand. ‐ [gasps] ‐ Her ring finger‐‐ he took out the bone. He wanted us to know this marriage meant something to him. ‐ Check the other hand. ‐ [breathing heavily] Red fabric. Leather maybe, and some sort of residue on her palm. [phone ringing] ‐ It's coming from her body. ‐ Have Sellitto answer it. I want to watch. [ringing continues] ‐ We know who you are, Peter Taylor. ‐ Detective Sellitto, it is you, isn't it, the man who put his partner in danger? You let him go into that warehouse three years ago without backups? ‐ You son of a‐‐ I want to talk to Lincoln Rhyme. ‐ Patch him through. Peter Taylor. ‐ Lincoln Rhyme. We finally get to play out in the open. ‐ Your face is going to be plastered all over the city. You won't be able to get a cup of coffee without someone calling 911. ‐ You don't know what I'm capable of. I was under your nose for years, right next to you, but the great Lincoln Rhyme was too focused on himself, his book, his fame, to pay attention to a lab tech like myself. ‐ Trying to get his location. Signal is scrambled. Keep him talking. ‐ Is that what this is about? Jealousy? ‐ Gods suppressed become devils. ‐ So you consider yourself a deity. ‐ I consider myself superior to you. ‐ Really? Looks like you just killed the one person who trusted you. ‐ I spared her the madness of what's to come. ‐ You murdered her. ‐ You're missing the point. ‐ You delude yourself that there is a point. There is only your psychopathy, your insanity. ‐ Now you're profiling, Lincoln, which tells me I'm winning. You're grasping at the academic because you have nothing concrete to find me. ‐ You overestimate yourself. ‐ Now you're showing your arrogance, your‐‐your fatal flaw. There's a new game, Lincoln. You still have your clues, but I'm not stopping at three bodies. I'm going to keep killing so the world knows your insignificance. ‐ We're going to stop you. ‐ There, that's my point. You can't stop me. [foreboding music] ♪ ♪ . ‐ Peter Taylor. ‐ A forensic tech. I barely knew he was there. ‐ Well, he remembers you. I need everything you have. I want the bone collector. ‐ Not to put too fine a point on it, but are you squeezing us out? ‐ As Lincoln can tell you, I believe in the team approach, something I'm happy you've embraced. ‐ A lot has changed since we last saw each other. ‐ I see that. You look good, Lincoln. ‐ So do you. ‐ Mm, even the gray hair? ‐ Gives you character. ‐ To answer Detective Sellitto's question, we are not taking the case. We are working in step on this for now. Talk to me. ‐ Felix. ‐ Peter Taylor. Date of birth February 10th, 1968, Worked as a lab tech with the NYPD from 2005 to 2017, married Danielle Crocker 2011. ‐ Now his wife's in the morgue downtown. ‐ We have an arsenal of clues on this one; we can stop him. ‐ But looking at this report, I may have something. ‐ Amelia Sachs, my eyes and ears and sometimes my second brain. ‐ Agent Cutter, I'm actually a huge fan of your work. I audited your forensic psychology course. It changed the way I thought about crime. ‐ And did anything you learn give you insight into our suspect? ‐ It did. He married in 2011, started the Bone Collector kills in 2012. This relationship anchored him. 5 years, 15 murders, no mistakes, then suddenly he stops. Why? The object of his competition, Lincoln Rhyme, is no longer in the game. Then Lincoln comes back, jolts the Bone Collector. He moves back to New York City, starts making mistakes. He even... kills his wife. ‐ Meaning what? ‐ Meaning that, while it's obvious the Bone Collector is fixated on you, without his anchor, he starts slipping. ‐ Unless he finds a new anchor. ‐ That's impressive, Detective Sachs. ‐ Officer. ‐ Then we find the next anchor. We have a location on the parents, in‐laws? ‐ His parents are both deceased. Danielle Crocker's parents live in Queens. Uni is on the way to notify them now. all: We're not putting unis on this. ‐ Sellitto, Danielle's parents, not just a notification. We need to find out everything they know about this guy and if they've seen him. ‐ I'll send agents with you. We share information. What I know, you know. What you know, I know. If you ever think about a career in profiling, give me a call. ‐ [blows] ‐ Clue number one: goatskin leather, red dye. Nothing special except traces of polytetrafluoroethylene, commonly known as Teflon, on the underside. ‐ Teflon. ‐ Bulletproof vest, maybe? ‐ It doesn't seem dense enough for a vest. ‐ More likely waterproofing or possibly a Teflon tape of some kind. What about the residue on the wife's hand? ‐ Clue two: epinephrine. ‐ Adrenalin. Did the victim have food allergies? ‐ Working on medical records. ‐ We didn't find any evidence of it at the scene. There was no EpiPens, no medications. ‐ But it was highly diluted. I don't think we're dealing with injectable adrenaline. ‐ Teflon‐coated leather... adrenalin... two clues, not enough. What's the third? Song? ‐ That would be my bet. He left it on repeat, which means he wanted us to hear it. ‐ Felix, pull it up. ‐ ♪ What to do now that she doesn't want me ♪ ‐ "What to Do" by Buddy Holly. Lyrics mean anything? ‐ Maybe it's not the lyrics. It was one of Holly's final recordings he taped at his apartment in Greenwich Village. ‐ Goatskin leather, adrenaline, Greenwich Village. [traffic sounds] Hard Times Boxing Gym. ‐ Excuse me? ‐ Red leather. From a boxing glove. They often contain Teflon. Adrenaline, used to treat cuts during a fight. The song, recorded in Greenwich Village, the location of Hard Times Gym, my gym from back in the day. These clues are about me. He's connecting them to my past again. Amelia, I want you and Eric there now. I'll have Cutter meet you. Go. ‐ Hey. What did Sellitto get on Danielle's parents? ‐ Nothing that helps us. ‐ Never had a clue that Taylor was anything other than a good guy, good husband, go figure. ‐ No one at NYPD had any idea either. He compartmentalized. ‐ Yeah. Damn freak, he could just be out here walking around like normal. ‐ Look familiar? ‐ 30 years, the place hasn't changed. ‐ Office clear. ‐ Spend a lot of time here? ‐ Kept me off the street, out of trouble. ‐ You, trouble? ‐ Oh, I have a past. ‐ Locker room clear. ‐ Love to hear about it sometime. ‐ [gasps] Lincoln... ‐ Cutter. [dark music] ♪ ♪ ‐ [gasping] I never saw him. [shivering] I... I didn't see him. Someone brushed against me, and I woke up here, like this. ‐ It's okay. ‐ No, no, no. ‐ We're gonna get you out. ‐ No, no, no! ‐ Wait. He set up a motion sensor. The pipes are rigged to burst if you come too close. or I stand up. The steam will cook you alive. ‐ We have to do something! ‐ It's a stomach wound. She's bleeding out. We can't. She's in bad shape, okay? I can't let you put yourself in harm's way. ‐ Okay. We just need to figure out what he wants us to do and do the opposite. ‐ It's too late. It's too late. This is a no‐win situation. ‐ Amelia, I know what you're thinking, but even if you figure it out, we can't save her. ‐ We just need to find where the sensors are and disable them. ‐ Amelia, no, it's too dangerous! ‐ Lincoln Rhyme would find another way. ‐ Lincoln Rhyme ended up paralyzed looking for another way. ‐ Well, he's not invincible, Lincoln, okay? Peter Taylor is not invincible. We can do this. ‐ Amelia, I've been doing this a long time. You have to know what part's bravery and what part's futility. ‐ I am not giving up. She is not gonna die. ‐ No, we can't, Amelia. We can't. We can't! That will kill you. ‐ I'll be damned if I'm going to let him do to you what he did to Linc‐‐ [screaming] ‐ Amelia! [screaming] [shrieking] [somber music] ♪ ♪ ‐ Amelia. ‐ Watching someone die... Someone I knew... someone I looked up to. ‐ Hey. ‐ I know. I know we don't have time for emotion right now. I have to put it aside until this is done. ‐ I'm not putting my emotions aside. ‐ No? ‐ Hell no. I'm angry. I'm furious. So if you want to be sad, be sad. Let it fuel you. If you want to be mad, let it motivate you. ‐ [scoffs] Yeah, I like that. The Bone Collector won't know what's coming. ‐ One more thing. I'm no longer calling him that, the self‐anointed, self‐important title. You know who he really is? Peter Taylor, the small man behind the big name. We're going to make sure he pays for what he just did to Cutter. ‐ For what he did to all of them. ‐ Mm. [dramatic music crescendos] ♪ ♪ ‐ Three clues left at the boxing gym. Here's number one. It's an electronic key card of some kind. It's not your standard hotel one as far as I can tell, which might work in our favor 'cause it could make it easier to narrow down. ‐ Which you're doing right now? ‐ I just wanted to keep you in the loop. Which I'm doing right now. I'll do a deeper dive. ‐ Clues two and three are a pair. I'm so sorry. I should've cropped that. ‐ No, I need to see everything. Keep going. ‐ A flower petal. I am running the DNA through a horticultural database. ‐ Flower DNA? ‐ All living things. ‐ What's near the petal? ‐ Water and wheat flour, maybe from a flatbread or a cracker. ‐ So he's literally leaving us bread crumbs. ‐ And all I can tell you right now is that there's some sort of imprint on it, maybe a letter I. ‐ I'm working the image. I'll try to enhance it once I run down the key card. ‐ Lincoln. ‐ Claire, what's the matter? ‐ It's Naia and Camden. ‐ What's wrong? ‐ They're here. ‐ Surprise! ‐ Hi. ‐ You changed everything in here. It's like a high‐tech Batcave. ‐ I thought you'd be past your Batman phase by now. ‐ I'm in my Steph Curry phase. I can do the two‐handed dribble. ‐ His team had a tournament. Steph Curry here wanted to surprise you. ‐ Well, I'm surprised. Camden, do you want to give your mom and I a minute? Claire keeps the fridge stocked, plenty of good stuff. ‐ What's going on? ‐ We ID'd the Bone Collector last night. You didn't see anything? ‐ Oh, God. We got to the airport at 8:00. I've been in airplane mode. I... who is he? ‐ He was a forensic specialist. We were in the academy together. ‐ You knew him? ‐ He was... innocuous, forgettable, but still, I should have‐‐ ‐ What? ‐ Found him, caught him, put him away. He just killed an FBI agent. He killed his wife. This time, he's not stopping until I catch him. ‐ Or until he catches you. ‐ What you're really looking for is in the drawer. ‐ Sellitto's not gonna like that. ‐ Hm, yeah, well, don't tell anyone I told you. ‐ His kettle corn, you have it? ‐ Oh, yeah. Legendary, right? Hey, let's you and I get out of here. There's not enough to share. ‐ Get Naia and Camden to a safe house. Set up the best team you know. No one gets in. No one gets out. ‐ I'll do you one better. I'll stay there myself. ‐ Sellitto's new partner? ‐ Detective Eric Castillo, ma'am. Bone Collector isn't gonna get anywhere near your family. Whenever you're ready. [somber music] ♪ ♪ ‐ [inhales] ‐ Camden, here's the deal. I'm going to be honest with you. The Bone Collector is back in New York. He's coming after me, and I'm going after him. You scared? Me too. ‐ But my money's on you. ‐ I love you. I'll see you when this is over. We've had time; we need to figure out the three clues. Key card? ‐ Here's what I found. The magnetic strip tell us the card is manufactured by NPC, Inc., National Plastic Cards. The type is the NPC 42. Three dozen hotels in the area that use it. ‐ Kate, please tell us we're closer on the breadcrumbs. ‐ We are. The imprint wasn't the letter I. It was this. ‐ A communion wafer. ‐ And according to the imprint, this specific one was made at a cloistered monastery in Philadelphia. ‐ Well, he's not sending us to Philadelphia. What's the flour? ‐ A peony, a white peony. ‐ You know what it means. ‐ It's not the monastery. It's the church where you take communion at a Catholic wedding but have the reception at a hotel. If you check that list, you're going to find the Marcy Hotel across the river in Jersey uses the NPC 42 key card. The peony is a flower often used in boutonnieres, which I know because I wore one at Sellitto's last wedding, where I was best man. I had him check the house where Peter Taylor grew up. He should have been back by now. ‐ No answer. I got to move. ‐ Take the key card. Whatever it's for at the Marcy Hotel, that's where you'll find him. ‐ [whispers] Okay. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ . ‐ NYPD‐‐I need you to tell me which room this card opens. Now! Come on, come on. ‐ It's not for any of the guest rooms. It's for roof access for maintenance. ‐ Thank you. Let's move! I'm on the roof. ‐ All right. Find him. ‐ Sellitto! Sellitto! I don't see him. ‐ He has to be up there. Amelia, watch every step. ‐ I see him! ‐ Oh, God, no. ‐ Carefully. ‐ Move fast. ‐ Sellitto! ‐ Amelia, wait! Dammit. ‐ Careful. ‐ What do you expect? You trained her. ‐ He's breathing. I need some help over here. [blade slices] ‐ Got you. Okay. Got him. Okay, breathe. Okay. ‐ I think he wanted me to swallow that. ‐ You okay? ‐ Um, all things considered, no, but... there are more important things at the moment: clues. Things, you know... ‐ We need to get you checked out. ‐ I'm okay. Just give me a minute. [dark music] ♪ ♪ ‐ Are you seeing this? ‐ What is that, a‐‐a mirror? ‐ Whatever it is, bring it back here with the casing. ‐ We still need to find the third clue. ‐ There may not be one. Sellitto is still alive; there was nothing rigged to take you down when you found him. ‐ Do you think we interrupted him? ‐ Maybe he had a camera in the lobby and saw you coming in or heard you, but knowing him, no way he'd leave Sellitto alive. ‐ Hey, are you okay? What are you doing here alone, Sellitto? ‐ I let him down. ‐ Sellitto, you were drugged and kidnapped. It's not your fault. ‐ Sure it is. I let it happen. ‐ What are you talking about? ‐ Ever since the Bone Collector's been back, it's been about Lincoln: his book, his professor. You heard the call this morning. ‐ I know. ‐ So we all know that puts a target on our backs. You, you send Rachel out of town. Camden and Naia are in lockdown, and me, I didn't see him coming. ‐ You said he was hiding in the back of your car. ‐ Yeah, I had just checked out his old house. I got back in the car. I went to turn on the ignition. I felt a sting in the back of my neck, and that's all I remember until I woke up on the roof with your flashlight in my face. ‐ Again, not your fault. Come on. Come on. ‐ I put us all in danger because I let that son of a bitch get the better of me, and that will not happen again. ‐ He didn't talk to you, taunt you? Taunt you? ‐ After the car, everything went black. Claire, you don't have to take care of me. I'm fine. ‐ Lincoln's worried. I help you, I'm helping him, and in case you're wondering, Camden took your kettle corn. ‐ [chuckles] ‐ Thank you. Look, I wish I had more. I wish Kate found trace. I wish I knew the third clue, but I have nothing else to offer. We have to work from what we have: the casing and the metal plate. ‐ It's a daguerreotype. ‐ A what? ‐ A primitive photograph, a process invented in 1839, a photo developed on a silver‐plated copper surface sensitized with iodine and exposure to a mercury vapor. ‐ So what's the picture? ‐ Felix is working on that. ‐ I always wanted to do this. ‐ Glad someone's having fun. ‐ We're exposing the plate to mercury fumes, and I have to fix the image in a sodium thiosulfate solution. Otherwise, it will disappear. ‐ Thanks for the primer. Trying to work the casing here. ‐ Anything? ‐ Nine millimeter Parabellum. Striations say it was fired from a Glock 17, residue says sometime within the last 12 hours. ‐ Anything on Sellitto's clues? ‐ No trace I can pinpoint to the Bone Collector, and we still don't have a third clue. I'm not sure how it works if we only have two. ‐ Maybe a little heat. And as Monsieur Daguerre himself might say, "Voila." I'm running an image search, see if we can identify them. ‐ Stephen A. Halsey, noted fur trader from the mid‐1800s. ‐ Go on. ‐ Halsey also famously sold his land to John Jacob Astor, the wealthiest man in America at the time. It became what is now known as Astoria, New York. ‐ Astoria. Okay. So we have the location. ‐ And with the shell, we have a possible murder weapon. The problem is we don't have a third clue. [cup and saucer rattling] ‐ Still a little shaken up is all. ‐ Amelia, get Sellitto to the nearest emergency room. ‐ I'm telling you, you're overreacting, Lincoln. ‐ And I'm telling you, it's like what you said. You don't exactly know what happened from the time you were taken to the time you woke up. He injected you with something. It's also possible there was something else in the shell casing besides just a bullet. If we all know Peter Taylor, I don't think we interrupted him before his third clue. It's you. You're the third clue. ‐ Look, I'm fine, Amelia. Just take me home. [mumbling] ‐ Sellitto, shut up. Sit down. NYPD emergency, I need a doctor, and I need them now. ‐ What's the problem? ‐ No, it's not for me. It's for him. ‐ [shivering] ‐ Sellitto? Oh, my God. We need a doctor, now! ‐ Doc! Sir, sir! Can you hear me? ‐ What do we got? ‐ Unresponsive. [overlapping chatter] . [soft dramatic music] ♪ ♪ ‐ What's his status? Don't look so surprised. He's my partner eight years. You think I'm not coming down here to tell him to wake the hell up? ‐ He, uh... he's stable for now. Lincoln, they still don't know what it is. ♪ ♪ ‐ I hate hospitals. When I was... injured, I was in a bed like this for an eternity. They told me I had visitors, but I turned them away. Sellitto kept coming back no matter how many times I told him no. I think he thought I didn't want him there because I blamed him. But that wasn't it. I was angry I couldn't be what I used to be. Three years, I felt that way. He kept coming, kept trying... and finally, he brought me you. ‐ Well, he needed you. And you needed him. ‐ Coming here, I realize why he kept coming. It's not guilt, but pity. It's friendship. I'm here to give him mine. ‐ I think you should tell him that. ‐ I just did. ‐ How is Eric taking it? ‐ [chuckles] He knows we've got this. Said he has a job to do. He's not going to leave my family. ‐ Atropa belladonna. ‐ That's the poison? ‐ And they can treat it. They're on their way. I lit a fire. ‐ Okay, so it's a plant with highly toxic berries. ‐ And quite a tradition of use in murders and assassinations. ‐ He‐‐he's gonna be okay. ‐ They're treating him with physostigmine now, which has its own complications, but‐‐ ‐ But he's strong, he's pig‐headed, and he will not let the‐‐ Peter win. ‐ Okay, so we have the third clue: belladonna, somewhere in Astoria, and a shell casing from a Glock 17. ‐ I don't know. ‐ Okay, think. This is about you, so just let your mind drift. It'll come to you. ‐ I know that. I just... Belladonna, I'm drawing a blank. A‐ I've got your journal here, so let's‐‐ let's work it through. Has a long history of use as a poison. Ancient Roman warriors would apply it to the tips of their arrows. ‐ Macbeth used belladonna to poison the troops of Harold Harefoot, King of England, forcing them to retreat to their ships. ‐ It's used in medicines, in cosmetics, in eye drops. Women used to use it to dilate the pupils of their eyes so they could appear more seductive. ‐ Belladonna, it's also referred to as deadly nightshade. It's a perennial herbaceous plant. ‐ Wait, what's it called? ‐ Nightshade, deadly nightshade. Why? ‐ You know what it is. ‐ I know what it is. I know where it is, and I know who. ‐ Amelia? ‐ The Night Shade Cafe in Astoria‐‐ it's the new name of the diner where my parents were killed with a 9‐millimeter round fired by a Glock 17. ‐ That makes no sense. It's indicating you. You're right here. ‐ I know, and I just called Rachel. She's safe, but I'm going. ‐ The hell you are. He's targeting you. ‐ Taunting us, yes, but what I know is that there's someone out there, someone out there that I can save if I get there in time, just like we saved Sellitto, just like we saved that woman at Grand Central. ‐ You're not going. ‐ Sellitto is out of commission, and Eric isn't leaving your family. Lincoln, I need your eyes and ears in that cafe to end this once for all. ‐ The ESU‐‐ ‐ The ESU could destroy evidence if they go in there alone. That's what you always tell me. ‐ The answer is no. ‐ I am not asking you, Lincoln. Whoever he has there tied up or poisoned or clinging to life, I can stop it, and I can stop another person from dying in that damn diner. . [helicopters whirring] [sirens wailing] ‐ You need to talk her through this, Lincoln. ‐ I couldn't talk her out of it. You think I can talk her through it? ‐ Yes, I do. She's waiting for it. ‐ Amelia, all that this place means to you, everything it represents, you need to put it away now. ‐ I'm fine. ‐ No, you're not fine, but you can do this. ‐ All right. Okay. It's just another... restaurant. [tense music] ♪ ♪ ‐ The restaurant where the Bone Collector may have laid a trap, so you are to hang back and let ESU do their job. ‐ Yes, sir. ‐ If we see something to help, fine. No chances, no risks. ‐ Kitchen's clear. ‐ Bathroom's clear. ‐ Amelia. Amelia. ‐ All right, show me the room. ‐ Okay. ‐ What do you see? Just let me see it. ‐ Okay. ‐ Amelia, stay with me on this. But if this is about you, tell me what's the same, what's different. ‐ The layout. This is it. The decor, everything, it's‐‐it's Lasky's. ‐ Okay. Now, where did it happen? ‐ Lincoln. ‐ He's brought you here for a reason. Where did it happen? ‐ It was right here. Julie, she was coming to our table. She was smiling at me. Then she brought us the check. Whitehead came in, and when he called her name, she turned... And he shot her. My father stood up and tried to stop it, and he shot him. And my mother leaned in to shield me... [dramatic music crescendos] ♪ ♪ ‐ [indistinct shouting] And she got shot. It was here. [solemn music] ♪ ♪ He shot them right here. ‐ There's something on that smoke alarm right there. ‐ Tell her not to move! ‐ Wait, don't move! ‐ I felt something when I stood on the booth. ‐ Can you see what it is? ‐ Tell her to get out of there. ‐ Amelia. ‐ It's the job, Lincoln. You would do it if you were here. Now work with me. Don't move. ‐ What is it? ‐ It's a trigger, a wire going down. Here, help me get this up. Device! Set a perimeter! Don't let anyone else out! [device ticking] ‐ What is it? ‐ What it is is the same device from the warehouse the day I fell. ‐ Well, what is it? Why didn't the dogs smell it? ‐ The dogs have to be trained for each substance. A‐234 is a Russian nerve agent, Novichok. ‐ Lincoln, you know what this is. You did it before, and you know how to disarm it. Tell me what you did. ‐ I pulled the white wire. ‐ That just means‐‐ ‐ That means we don't know. He knows I know that stopped him then, so is it the red wire this time, the green one, or would he think I think it's the other wires, so it's white again? Or is it neither? Well, you stop it, and the floor falls out from under you. ‐ We have to make a choice. She can't stand here forever. ‐ Lincoln. ‐ Not now, Claire! ‐ This is exactly your problem, Lincoln. [ominous music] ♪ ♪ You're always looking for me, but you never really see me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 