Lovejoy: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lovejoy 
 s2e1 - Just Desserts - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lovejoy (1986–1994): Season 2, Episode 1 - Just Desserts - full transcript 
 As the story opens, Lovejoy is doing community service by holding an antiques roadshow for a ladies club as community service as part of an eight month sentence in a low security prison farm for stealing an antique piece of furniture belonging to collector Michael Seymour. Lovejoy was framed by a beautiful Dutch woman who cons him into thinking she'a a partner in a closed antiques shop and the furniture is hers. As per her instructions he delivers it to a dealer in Antwerp, only to be arrested when he returns to Britain. He soon realizes he has been set up but who...and why? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It's Czech. Woolworth's used to sell these for thruppence. That's about what they're worth now. I think we've got time for one more, haven't we, Mr. Cobbold? Hm. Do you remember me? I brought you the Staffordshire dogs last month - which you said weren't. - Yes, Mrs. Er...? - Ives. - Mrs. Ives. And what is it today? I'm not quite sure. My late husband said it was a guinea pouch. Yes, it isn't. Then what is it? Well, it's made of linen and calfskin. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Have we stumped you, Lovejoy? Well, only for the right words, Mrs. Bannerman. It's not a pouch. Actually, it's an early contraceptive device. Dealers call them guinea pouches or sovereign purses in order to sell them. Not a lot of call for antique rubber johnnies. Unhappily, this is the last roadshow we shall have with Mr. Lovejoy as he's off to pastures new at the end of the week, leaving us enriched and stimulated. You go with the knowledge that all the members of the Wisley Green Women's Institute have enjoyed you immensely. I don't think that came out the way she meant it. Ooh, thank you. I have enjoyed these quiet afternoons. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Surrounded by nice people talking about their hydrangeas and swapping chutney recipes. Makes a welcome change from the conniving backstabbing avaricious alcoholics that populate the antique trade. - Shall we? - Why not. Do you believe this? Lovejoy, banged up. Wrongly, as it happens. This weather'll keep the punters away. Fewer bids, cheaper prices. Look at this, 178. 16th century Elizabethan miniature. - Oh, that's quite lovely. - Mm. Possibly Hilliard. Do you feel palpitations in your chest? Do you hear the chime of heavenly bells in your lugholes, Lovejoy? Yeah. Then it obviously is a Hilliard. Unless it's that. - Hideous! - Not from where I'm standing. A bit glossy for the shires, wouldn't you say? Hm? - You interested? - Excuse me? Are you thinking of making a bid? I'm not sure. It's listed as Chippendale. - I can't place it. - Surely, 18th century? No, the accent. I know it's EEC, I just can't think where. - I am from Holland. - Long way from home. - I live in London. - If you've come for a bargain, this isn't it. Look. See where these screw holes have been filled in? - But it's oak. - Yeah, nicked from a World War I cupboard. See how much paler the shrinkage lines are round the edges? - Thank you, Mr...? - No "Mr.", just "Lovejoy". - Lovejoy Antiques. - Renata Van Der Zee. Well, Renata, you've picked a very bad day. Most of this stuff is from Granny's attic. You'd be better off in the snug of the White Hart Hotel. Shall we? Oh, erm... I'll catch up with you, OK? Don't break the bank on the Hilliard. You can't afford lunch in the White Hart Hotel with a woman of her taste. We're going Dutch. You could argue, I suppose, that I've done a few shady things so it all equals out. But you didn't have to spend eight months here sleeping next to a tattooed biker called Mavis. I've read a lot. And I've started writing a book - on Spode. But mostly I've wondered who set me up. Now, I'm not thinking about revenge, I'm wondering if there's any money involved, and if so, where's mine? Come on, Lovejoy, let's have you. We need the bed! I'll miss you, Lovejoy. I'll miss you too, Mavis. Thanks for the Motorhead t-shirt. - Ta-ta! - See you, Lovejoy. I hope not. Oh, Janey! - Oh, it's good to see you. - It's good to see you. I didn't expect this, I'm touched. I was vaguely in the area looking at a horse so... It's appreciated. And so were your letters - the schoolgirl scrawl and the hint of lavender on the notepaper. Perhaps a hint of lavender's a little dangerous in prison. Well, I read about it. Pig farm. I must say, you look awfully well. Haven't had a drink for eight months and I've played a lot of tennis. Tennis?! Really? That's scandalous. - Why? - Well, people do go to prison to be punished it seems rather inappropriate that they play tennis. If it's any consolation we didn't have ballboys. As soon as I make some money I'm gonna donate a net. We'll both have the smoked salmon and then the lamb. OK? - Your treat, Janey. - Thank you, ma'am. Now, have you given any thought as to where you're going to live? Tinker's offered me a bed but I think I might stay at the Cross Keys for a few nights. There is the possibility you could have one of our estate cottages. Could be quite nice. But Alexander's not going to be terribly keen. Why? He's always known there's nothing going on between us. All the same, he is a J.P. And you are now a convicted felon. What was the charge, again? Trading in stolen goods! Oh, yes, I think one or two of the bigger dealers might be a little bit wary. It'll be dead easy to get credit. My liquid assets are nonexistent. All this sounds horribly familiar. You've always been broke and you've always had a tarnished reputation. - Whoever set me up used that. - What? They needed someone in the trade whose reputation was a bit iffy. Thank you. - Thank you. - When this ghastly business happened, Alexander and I were in America but when I heard about it I have to be honest, I didn't immediately presume that you were innocent. That really hurts. But then, of course, when I thought about it, I realized you had to be. - Would you like some horseradish? - No, not with salmon. - I love it. Could I have the horseradish? - Certainly, ma'am. Oh, and the, um... Yes, ma'am. I did hear, without any great surprise, that there was a woman involved. About a week after I met Miss Holland in King's Lynn... she called me. Asked me to drive over to Oxfordshire. She had a business proposition and she was sure the trip would be worth my while. - Good morning. You're very punctual. - Hope you've got the kettle on. - You own this place? - I'm a partner. I'm not here every day. - Where is he then? - If you're as gifted as people say, you'll find it. Om-ni-om-ni... Cold. Om-ni-om-ni-om-ni... Getting warmer. Om-ni-om-ni-om-ni... Getting very warm. It's the Jacob, isn't it? Good old Georgie Jacob. I saw one of these before. They don't often turn up in sale rooms. Where'd you find it? Someone who's paying off his father's death duties. I've paid a deposit. He wants 35,000. - Bite his hand off. - Excuse me? It means make the deal fast. Who is this guy? I don't think I should tell you. You might offer him 40. - Probably would if I had the money. - I've spoken to a man in Antwerp. He wants to see it. I would like you to take it there. - Moi? - I'll pay £500 advance against 5% commission. Why is it that whenever people want me to do something for them there's always a little wrinkle attached? You were hoping I'll sell this before you have to pay the balance? - Do you have a problem with that? - Just don't tell him it's leaving the country. You could leave the country in the morning and be back tomorrow night. - Customs would want to see a bill of sale. - I'll give you one. Why don't you come with me? You can keep an eye on it and me. You're a dealer, Lovejoy, that's your business. And you will make a better deal than me. - Yeah. - Yes? Yeah. Next day I was in Belgium, after the customary nightmare trip on a British car ferry full of crying babies and vomiting yobs. Made for Napoleon, you say? A present for Josephine. Probably find one of her hairpins in that drawer. The veneer is a little cracked. I'd be more suspicious if it wasn't. It is rather nice. Isn't it? I'm tempted. Good. I might have to do a little restoration. Well, I wouldn't do too much if I was you. I may have it on my hands for some time. Well, it won't lose its value, will it? I am tempted. Look... there's bound to be some Ping Pong involved in this deal so throw out a figure and we'll start from there. I'm only here for the day. 75,000. Belgian francs? What's that in sterling? I think today's rate is 1.67. 1.65. Almost £45,500. Is that a Flemish joke? I think that's a very reasonable offer. Darling, put on a large pot of coffee. We're only at the dawn of these negotiations. Lovejoy has returned. With a bottle of Bols for you, Tink. And... - these are for you, Eric. - Ahh. - Chocolates. - Belgian chocolates. In the shape of sea shells. But I don't eat chocolate. Or shellfish. Fine. I'll have a large Scotch, and fill these two up. - Are we celebrating? - We certainly are, my old son. I have here a check for the delightful Miss Van Der Zee, to the tune of £57,000, which means she owes me £2,850. These are splendid times we live in. Yeah, and all I get is a box of chocolates. I shall invest in a bottle of Moet and a can of assorted nuts. Coming round, is she, to show her gratitude? Whatever she shows will be worth looking at. Hey! Oi! Hey! - Did she turn up? - No, didn't even telephone. Hm. It's not often Lovejoy gets a no-show, is it? Especially when I've got 57 grand waiting for them. So after a couple of days I went looking for her. - Hello. - Good morning. I'm looking for a Miss Van Der Zee. Van Der Zee? That's a very unusual... Name, isn't it? Dutch, I imagine. Er, Renata Van Der Zee. Renata? Don't think I've ever known a Renata. Yes you have, Markie. Shrewsbury Rep. Or was it Westcliffe? - We were in the theater, you see. - Yes, hold on a minute, Marigold. Yes, she was the A.S.M. And... Yes, and it was Shrewsbury. Uncle Vanya. - We never did Uncle Vanya in Shrewsbury. - Really? I could have sworn... This Renata is a partner in this business. Oh, you're wrong there. We are the sole... Proprietors, yes. Mark and Marigold Paynter, proprietors. - It says so outside. - I met her in this very room last Monday. No, no, you've got it all wrong. You've got the wrong place. We're closed on Mondays. - Do you have a photo of her? - No, I don't. Why? I could flash it round the sale rooms, cos you met her in a sale room. - Way off our patch. - D'you reckon she's stitched you up? I don't see how she could come out ahead. She might be in trouble. Danger, like. Peel rubber, let's lose 'em! Ohh. Ah, Lovejoy. You took a valuable antique to Belgium this week? Yes, I did. "Table du toilet." Empire, ormolu mounted. Burr Elm, made by Georges Jacob circa 1808. - It was nicked. - No, it wasn't. I'm not an idiot when it comes to carrying something that distinctive. It wasn't reported till yesterday when the owner returned from Scotland. A Mr. Michael Seymour? Michael Seymour. I've done business with him. I know you have. You know that house. And what's in it. And how to get it out. Let's cut the bullshit. I was acting on behalf of another party. I was instructed - by her - to take a piece to Belgium and sell it which I did, and I have here a check drawn in her name by the dealer in Antwerp. You're gonna need a brief, Lovejoy. - Didn't you watch him write the check? - I did. He must've switched it before I left. - Then you know he was implicated? - Certain. No proof. - And no sight of the lovely Renata since. - Nope. - Without her you didn't have much of a case. - None. Why go to so much trouble to... finger you - is that the expression? Well, I intend to find out. First, I've got to square things with Michael Seymour. It is slightly embarrassing - Alexander and I see Michael socially. I do business with him. It's rather frightening knowing somebody wanted you out of the way. I know somebody who wants us both out of the way. Who? The waiter. Pay the bill. Look, if you're desperate, you know where the cottage is. - I'll sort things out with Alexander. - Thanks. And for lunch. And for picking me up. - I'm sure everyone will rally round. - It's Friday, isn't it? Lot 47, ladies and gentlemen, offered as a pair. Two vinaigrettes. One a silver gilt of about 1820, the other a fine piece of Georgian silver by William Pugh of Birmingham. Will anybody start me off? £200. 250. 300. 350. Still showing at £350 to the young gentleman. What are you doing? Are you mad? Come along, we can do better than this. Yes, 400. Lovejoy. Nice to see you. You bidding today? Not today, thank you. Still showing at £400. Sold to the gentleman at the back. Believe it or not, the governor's wife had a little antique shop. Before long I was giving lectures down the Women's Institute. So it wasn't exactly hard time then, Lovejoy? It was still prison, Eric. Chalking off the days and wondering how to get rid of the smell of carbolic and overcooked cabbage. On the subject of restoring your reputation, there's somebody wants to talk to you. - The Pope? - Old Andy Coote. - Andy Coote the fence? - He's gone straight. He grabbed me at the Wool Pack and said he's got something to tell you. I've been talking to people as well about the case. Digging around, asking questions. Subtle but to the point, like. And? - What did you come up with? - Nothing. They all think you did it. Hmm. Ohh... You know, I dreamed that you traded this in... for something with a seat and a heater. When I pull a big score I'm gonna get a Harley. In the meantime, get a cushion. - Oh! - Good evening! You were in the pub earlier, then you tailed me back home. Are you too shy to ask me something, Officer? - Police Constable Bainbridge. - Constable Bainbridge, what's this about? - Your breaking and entering. - That was hours ago, you waiting for backup? - And illegal trespass. - You're grasping at straws. You're on surveillance, harassing an innocent man. All right, how about physical assault of a police officer? - Give me a break. - Look... make your call, then we can all get some sleep. The trouble with Bali is it is so seductive. I literally went there for a month - to finish my novel - four months later I was still there, hadn't written a page. Oh, my agent was in a terrible panic. He had to invent various tropical diseases to fend off the publishers. - Do you always write where your book is set? - No, I'm hopeless at research. But I do like to get out of London. I was thinking of renting somewhere round here. - Really? You know, we do have a cottage. - Oh, no, darling, that hasn't got a roof. It'll need rethatching in a year or two but it's quite sound. Thatch? Oh, that sounds charming. - It's got a garden, a barn... - Full of rats, that barn, and always damp. Excuse me. Jane's painting a dreary picture, it's actually quite quaint. - Well, I'd love to see it. - So you shall. 7265. Sergeant who? Yes. Yes. Yes, that's absolutely true, he is there with my permission. Not at all. Good night. - Who was it, darling? - Just one of the village ladies. - I just thought I heard you say "sergeant". - I did. It was Mrs. Sergeant - Betty Sergeant. She's organizing this thing in the church hall, we're saving he rainforests. Are we all right for wine? Stop! I'll walk from here. There's no point being embarrassed, about these wheels, Lovejoy, cos until you get your own, this is all the motoring you're gonna be doing. Thank you, Eric. I needed that. - Lovejoy. - Hello, Michael. It's good of you to see me. You're looking very fit. So everyone tells me. Come on. Thanks you, Mrs. Gooch. How do you take it? Black, without. Michael, I came here to clear the air. I had nothing to do with robbing your house. I didn't know the Jacob was yours, I didn't even know it was stolen. If that were true it would appear there's been a grave miscarriage of justice. If I had turned your house over, I wouldn't have taken what was nicked. I would have taken these. Ah, now losing those, that really would have broken my heart. Apart from the Jacob, did you get the rest of the stuff back? Sadly, no. Local plod put a tail on me yesterday. Probably hoping I'll lead them to the loot. Yes? - We're supposed to sweep the chimney, sir. - Yes, of course, come in. Lovejoy, go through to the main hall. Um, now, I know everybody says this but you will be very careful, won't you? - Of course, sir. - I'm sure you will. Like a moth to a flame. The cause of all your misfortunes. - It wasn't here before. - No, it was in my wife's room. That's why I didn't know about it. A room I never went into. - I didn't get in there much myself. - Oh, dear. Past tense? We agreed to go our separate ways. Anyway... it's better down here. I felt it deserved a... a wider audience. Well, you must admit, I took good care of it for you. I've no complaints on that score. I was more concerned about the police bringing it back from Belgium. They're not the sort of chaps who respect a word like "fragile". Michael... you do believe me, don't you? My instincts tell me you've had a bad break. I think we should put it all behind us. If I can put any business your way, I won't hesitate. I appreciate that. Have you any idea who set you up? Any leads? Very few. I know old Andy Coote wants to tell me something. Coote? Oh, yes. He's been inside himself, hasn't he? - It's probably just gossip. - Yeah, probably. - What are you doing with Miriam? - Miriam who? Miriam Morris, she was my very first car. I named her after my nanny, who I adored. - You've had something nesting in it. - Miriam Morris? - Didn't you give your things names? - No, I didn't. Where I come from I wouldn't have survived long if I'd called my bike Beatrice. - Lovejoy, about the cottage. - Oh, I love it. I feel very at home here. I can use the barn as my workshop. - What happened to the key? - Perhaps Alexander took it. Have you squared this with Alexander yet? Not in so many words. The timing wasn't right. You know, I will pay rent once I've turned things around. He'd insist on something down. He's almost promised it to this ghastly lady novelist, Harriet Barker. I read one of her novel in nick. Torrid stuff, Jane. So much sex - she obviously isn't getting any. - Probably why Alexander wants her here. - What? Just a joke. - Excuse me, I'm looking for Andy Coote. - Cootey? He'll be up on the playing fields. Or in the cricket pavilion having a kip. He's popular today. Someone else has been asking after him. - When was that? - Ooh... a few minutes ago? Thank you. Cootey! Thanks, Lovejoy. Nick did you a bit of good. You're fitter than you used to be. - Who was that? - No idea. - What did he want? - Wanted to know what I was gonna tell you. - Did you tell him? - I might've done if you hadn't shown up. Sorry, Cootey. - You OK? - Wouldn't mind a snifter. I used to fence for a team from the smoke. They turned over places in London and I'd palm the stuff off round here. I know, you once tried to flog me a hot commode. Hot commode? Hurts to think about it, Lovejoy! - Yeah, go on. - I don't do it now, missus'd kill me. But one thing they showed me I've kept, hidden away till you came out. It's, um, a little watercolor. William Callow. One of those was taken from Seymour's. That's right, but it wasn't nicked from Seymour's place, it came from a house in Fulham about three months ago. So all I'm saying is, if you find out how it happened to be in London you might find out who's stitching you up. The only person that knew I was going to see Andy Coote was Michael Seymour. I don't get it. That means he was involved in robbing his own place. - That has been known. - Like an insurance scam? Something like that? Michael Seymour doesn't need the insurance. And the stolen stuff was a very manky collection. Absolutely. They were all things he could live without. Seymour's a collector, Eric. He has a collector's passion. He likes to look at things. Things other people can envy. If he was gonna rob himself - he'd choose things he'd never miss. - Except the Jacob. He made sure he got the Jacob back, didn't he? Hello, I'm Lovejoy, Lovejoy Antiques. Have you had a burglary here recently? - Yes, we have. - Was this one of the things that was stolen? Oh, yes, it was! That belongs to my flatmate. Well, perhaps you'd better come in. Who was...? Hello. - Do you two know each other or something? - Yes, I know Renata. - If Renata's her real name. - Of course it is, isn't it, Renata? Olivia, could you leave us alone for a few moments? Oh, um, absolutely. I'll... make a cup of tea, shall I? Right. How did you find me? Well, I was trying to figure out how... this painting... ended up in this house. But I guess that's pretty obvious now. Was it a pay-off from Michael?? - It was a gift. - Oh, well, yeah, sure. Look, I had no idea you would go to prison. You take as long as you want, I've got used to killing time. I met Michael through Pieter Maartens. We became friends. - Well, lovers. - Can't blame Michael for that. He asked me to persuade you to take the dressing table to Belgium. I swear I don't know why. How did you work that scam at the antique barn in Oxford? I went there with a man who works for Michael. We put the Jacob in just before you arrived so you think I worked there. This man, was he short, squat, built like a pit bull?? Yes. Do you know him? I've played cricket with him. I have not seen Michael for many months. Well, you were disposable, love. Just like me. So, are you going to take him to the police? Oh, now that would be a waste. Besides... I hate the police. The police - that's it. - That's... it. - That is what? I hope Michael buys a lot tickets for their ball, cos he sure owes them a favor. Oh, very nice, Janey. Can you hang these yourself or are you absolutely useless in that area? Course I can, I've got Eric. Have you told Alexander about my being here yet? I haven't really had time. Does he know I'm out? Possibly not. Are you and he entertaining this week? I couldn't ask you to dinner, that would be pushing things... Not me, I was thinking of Michael Seymour. - Oh, why? - Well, you know his wife's left him. Poor Michael. Thought you might pair him off with the lady novelist. - What are you up to? - Nothing. I just want him out of the way while I break into his house. What? Are you insane? That's what you've just been in prison for. Yes, sort of poetic, really. Yo! - What about that? - Can I use it, Jane? I'll fix it up. - Who'll fix it? - We'll fix it. New tires, MOT. I suppose so. If you promise Miriam to take good care of her. Oh. I must fly. I'll think about the dinner party but I'm not making any promises. - Who the hell's Miriam? - It's her pet name for the car. Oh, my... We can't tool round in a car called Miriam! It goes, doesn't it? It's open, so I can put stuff in it. If the name bothers you, call it Malcolm. Nothing happening, just some commemorative medals. Never mind that, he's worked it out. Come into the office. Oh, you are gonna love this, Tink. The phony burglary at Seymour's was so that the Jacob could be reported stolen and brought back from Belgium under police custody. I think I do like it. A smurf. - A what? - Something that's not what it seems. - It came back a lot heavier than it went? - Exactly. And Customs never went near it. I like it so much I wish we'd thought of it ourselves. Do you mind?! So what do you reckon was in it? Something too hot or too valuable to trust to a paid mule. I reckons it's something so hot it's still in there. Seymour only likes to take it out occasionally and look at it. - He's gonna break in. - I wouldn't. He's got a shiny new alarm. - The insurance people made him put it in. - Probably got pressure pads, heat sensors photo-electric cells. You open a window and - bingo! Chimneys are clean. Just been swept. He's just arrived. Lovejoy, do be careful. - Good evening, Jan. - Michael, good of you to come. Don't you think I should wait back at the pub? - Wheel the bike under those trees. - If I get caught I'll just say I dropped you off. You won't get caught, Eric. I think you can still be surprised after 17 years. I know I was. It was rather unexpected. I asked my wife one day, "What would you like for your birthday?" She said, "A divorce?" I said, "I wasn't thinking of spending that much money". Huh. I mean, it's nice... No, I mean, I'm not saying it's not nice but it's only a girl's head. It's only a girl's head by Van Dyck. Seymour could never sell it Couldn't even show it to his friends. Stolen from the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam, which is where it belongs. If you're restoring this to a grateful nation, Lovejoy, there should be a little tickle in it from the insurers. I can't be found in possession of stolen goods. What's in it for us then? "Us"? It was me that was banged up, Eric. I intend to be compensated for loss of income. Put a deposit on this place, settle my alimony and pay the final, final, final demand from the Inland Revenue. And get some new tires for Miriam. - Who's Miriam? - Don't ask. Hello? Lovejoy. I know you're a creature of habit, Michael, so I imagine you're in front of the fire with a coffee and a chocolate Bath Oliver. I know you set me up, Michael, and I know how high the stakes were. I can understand jail making you bitter, Lovejoy, I didn't think it would make you stupid. Now, if you'll excuse me, I want to go to bed. Before you hit the sack... just... check the Jacob out. Pleasant dreams, Michael. Ah, that's odd. My wife must have had some workmen in. Oh, it's absolutely... sweet. We'll put in some decent furniture for you. It's quiet though, isn't it? No one to disturb you when the creative juices are flowing. Well, I hope you'll drop by - I love distractions. Can you smell Badedas? "Badedas"? Lovejoy! Alexander. Didn't Jane tell you? Harriet Barker - love your books. I think you'll find that's the sum you... suggested. - Good. - Don't you want your day in court? It wouldn't get me back the time I lost, would it? I'll expect to read that the Van Dyck is back in the museum by the end of the month. If it isn't, I will shop you. And don't forget I can prove that the burglary was a sham because I have Renata and I can also find a nice William Callow watercolor that was in your hall. Lovejoy, I had nothing against you personally, it's simply the business we chose. As the stakes get higher we get more... unscrupulous. Can't trust anyone, can you? Look at your friend, Maartens. Maartens? He kept his end of the deal. Did he? Take another look at the Jacob. I mean, it's good, it's very good... It's not the one I took to Belgium. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 