Love Fraud: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Love Fraud 
 s1e2 - Wichita - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Love Fraud (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Wichita - full transcript 
 A bounty hunter, a jilted ex and a local PI are all in search of a con man named Richard Scott Smith. They track him to the Krab Kings in Wichita, KS, where things really get weird. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Upbeat music slow, somber music "Part Time Love" by Bridget Everett Oh You tell me the truth And then you tell me lies First you say hello And then you say goodbye Oh I never know I never know just what you're thinking of 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But I don't want no No, I don't want no Part-time love No... I'm coming for you gentle music Fuck. My ears. Come on, let's go. Yeah! They're coming. Kicking up their hooves. These are the hills. Men have died here. Men have disappeared here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And if Richard Scott Smith did to the women here what he has done elsewhere, he would disappear. Not because he wanted to disappear. He would disappear and he would never be seen again. You do something like that to a woman around here, and you are asking for death. I was a bartender. And I was working one night, and there was a lady and a guy sitting at the bar. And he slapped her, he backhanded her. And she, of course, flew off the barstool. I was like, "Oh, hell no." And I, like, went across the bar, grabbed him around the neck, and me and him both went to the floor and he went to sleep. And there was another guy in the bar that seen me do it. And he was like, "You ever thought of bounty hunting?" And I'm like, "What's that?" "That's where you go pick up bad guys and throw 'em in jail." "Really? How risky is that?" "Pretty risky. But you're a fighter. I think you can handle it." I'm like, "Wow. Do I get to carry a gun?" suspenseful music Richard Scott Smith needs to be off the streets. That's my whole goal in life right now. But there's gonna come a time where he's gonna screw up. It's just when, where... It's a waiting game. Contemplative music Looking for that taste of the sea? KC's Krab Kingz is where you can find the delicious made-from-scratch seafood you've been craving. Try the #1 Loaded Platter that'll feed two to three people. A boil of snow crab, shrimp, sausage, corn, eggs and potatoes. Top it off by one of our signature sauces with original honey garlic, Cajun, lemon pepper, or even spicy. Visit KC's Krab Kingz at 784 North West Street for an inviting yet casual atmosphere. It's time to taste the experience. KC's Krab Kingz at 784 North West Street in Wichita, and like us on Facebook. Intriguing music "On Wednesday, Texas-based Krab Kingz LLC put something on Facebook about..." Holy shit! "Company partner Mickey Smith." Oh, my God. -Jesus. Piece o' shit. That prick has been in Wichita all this time. Wow. This is just fucking insane. I don't even know where to go with this. "Hi, I'm Mickey Smith. I'm vice president of Krab Kingz. Best damn crab you'll never eat." I would have never looked for him, ever, in a restaurant of any kind. How the fuck do you go from apartments to crab cakes? Damn. I just don't... Yeah. Crab. Fucking crab. Really? All right, what's happening in the world of food and restaurants in Wichita? You, you have your finger on the pulse. Apparently we're getting a Krab Kingz - seafood place? - Seafood, yes. Krab with a "K," Kingz with a "Z." I-I don't mind crab, and I like seafood. You mention something... a couple things that are happening in my neighborhood. Tell me about, uh... suspenseful music There's a passage in the Bible, Matthew 24. Matthew 24 says, "In the last days, family will turn against family, husband against wife." And that's what's going on right now. My good old back's hurting. Yesterday I get a phone call, and it says "private number." So I answered it, and this woman answered, said, "Jim?" I said, "Yeah." She says, "You don't know me, but I just want you to know where your wife's at." I'm going, "Huh? The heck's all this?" You know, I-I, you know, I knew it was something anyway, that she was messing around with somebody else. But I didn't know to the extent of what-what was going on. She said, "Richard Scott Smith and your wife bought a king crab restaurant in Wichita." I said, "What? Bullshit." Said, "There ain't no way." Hi, this is Karla at Krab Kingz in Wichita, Kansas. Guess what. We got our gift cards. I lost it. I go, "This is nuts." And I said, "I'm gonna beat the living shit out of him." And I, and I t... I called her, I told her, I said, "You tell that piece of shit, I will blow his F-ing brains all over fucking town." I said, "I know a lot of people, and he won't live very long." Get tested, get treated, and get your life back. Call Freedom Healthcare today, 816-527... My buddy called me and they said, "Jim, I wouldn't do it. They will throw you in jail." They said, "The best thing you can do is get the hell out of this and just go on with your life." So I sat there and thought about it, I was boiling mad. Then I calmed down and I said, "Yeah, you're right." "But... I still want my wife back." slow, somber music intriguing music dark, atmospheric music Fuck. Contemplative music This is Phil talking about Krab Kingz seafood restaurant. I have got Karla with a "K" on the line. What is cooking over there at Krab Kingz? Well, let me tell you, we have five of the most mouthwatering, succulent, buttery sauces to choose from, and you can even mix them up. We've got our original, our lemon pepper, our honey garlic, our Cajun, and our spicy. Ominous music I was just swiping through my Facebook, looking at things, and I saw a post from a friend about this seafood restaurant coming to Wichita. Everybody wanted this seafood. Everybody needed it. Not wanted it, needed it. And then, within like a week, they put a "now hiring" on their, on their page. So I said, "Well, why not? I'm-a go go ahead and put my résumé in." And that same day, the actual owner of Krab Kingz contacted me. His name was Mickey Smith. I called him. I didn't know who this guy was. I didn't care. All I wanted to do was get a good job and eat all the seafood I could. I thought it was a great plan, You know? I was like, "Hell yeah, I'm about to get this job." I walk in and I meet Mickey Smith. He had a great way with words, you know what I mean? Like he was an old restaurant owner and he had been doing this business for years. And then I meet Karla Campbell. At first I didn't know who she was. I thought she was just his girlfriend, but in all actuality they were lovers and co-owners. She told me that she was divorced, but I found out she was actually still married. Hold on, hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa. There's a story here. Okay. Um... intriguing music I already knew about Rick... Scott, the crook Smith. He had already told me it was a witch hunt. He said, "Karla, I know how you are, but you got to trust me." I didn't know whether to believe that or not. If-if they had something on him, wouldn't he go to jail? My husband's name is Jim, and we've been married for 39 years. I was crazy about Jim. Okay? But I was sad most of the time. I wanted him to, you know, hold me and be more loving... but he didn't want to. Then I started singing karaoke, and that's where I met Rick. He came up to me and he said, "I'm gonna sing this one song," and I think it was that Tim McGraw one. He goes, I'm gonna walk down onto the dance floor, and I want you to come take my hand. After he gets done singing, he goes, "I want to go out with Karla. I want to date Karla. It's Karla all day long." He had a vivacious personality, and we went everywhere. I met all kinds of people. I-I did, I had the time of my life with him. So I just feel like this was meant to be. Suspenseful music You know, people have dreams. When I went to New York, I went to Bubba Gump's, and I fell in love with it. We go in and my mouth drops. I am so taken by the smell, the look. Oh, man, the taste. The buttery taste. And I said, "I'd love to have a restaurant like this one day." Then Rick's on my computer. He's putting in my information. Okay? And I'm like, "What are you doing?" And he goes, "Putting your information in here, trying to get you a business credit card." Well, I'm mad i-in one way but then I'm kind of excited to see if I can actually get one. And so, in the back of my mind, I'm thinking, "What if I don't take this chance?" rock music Do you want a to-go box for that? Yeah. - You want a bag? - Yeah. It was booming. But I started to notice that things were a little weird when he never wanted to be in a picture, especially on the grand opening of his business. He didn't want to be in a picture, he didn't want his face on video, anything like that. Sinister music It wasn't just, like, mean or anything. He's like, "Yeah, I don't like my picture taken," you know? And so, I didn't really think anything of it at the time. I mean, it was just fun. And he had a lot of charisma. He would bring energy in the room. Customers loved it. And he kept on saying, you know, "This is family-oriented. This is family. We all want to be a team here. This is gonna be successful." So, one night after work, we all went to the club, and we were all kind of joking with Mickey about Karla, 'cause I assumed that they were married. And he was like... almost flipped out that I said that. And he would just call her a freak. You know, "She just doesn't get it. I don't want anything to do with her. I do not like her." The day that we open, our grand opening, Mickey bought flowers, and I'm thinking they're for me. No. So we went to a couple places downtown. We went and had sushi... But it was just really odd... ...because we were only together for, like, three days. And he did say he loved me a few times. Have many, many texts, many, many messages. Oh, yeah. Text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text... text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text, text... I love you very much. I sent you a text. You know, I'm just thinking about you. So, know that I really, really love you and I miss you a lot. Hey, baby, it's me. I love you more than anything in this entire world. I-I want to spend time with you. Please call me. I love you. Bye-bye. Hey, it's me. I hope that you're just gonna show up over here. I really miss you. The most important thing to me is you. Atmospheric music It was just, it was creepy. It was odd. I'm searching for someone... ...that, honestly, I've never really had before. And then, all of a sudden, he just, like, disappeared off the face of the earth. Suspenseful music Just like that, he was gone. Vanished. He had disappeared into the wind. What happened next? Paychecks come in. They bounce. Every single employee's paycheck bounced. Mickey Smith had flushed the entire bank account out. And Karla was frantically going to the bank, trying to take his name off of things, trying to empty out accounts and make new ones. And I actually felt sorry for Karla, honestly. I felt really sorry for her, because she had gotten scammed by a great con artist. Or she was part of it the whole time. I found out that she stole her husband's 401(k), and that's how she started this restaurant. It made me really start to think, "Damn, this is a, almost like a Bonnie and Clyde-type situation." I was like, "I just got scammed by the elderly Bonnie and Clyde." slow, somber music I think a few of 'em thought that I was part of this scam. But I'm looking straight into their eyes and letting them know, "You can trust me." I'm telling you right now, "You can trust me." I went through a lot because of Rick. It seemed like he basically wanted me to get this business going so he can make whatever and boogie. Is-is what they said, "Make the money and run." But... it's kind of a bittersweet thing for me, because he lives off other people's dreams... and... he makes people's fantasies come true. Atmospheric music Hey, it's me. I need you to call me as quick as possible. I-I, I just... ...I-I really, really feel, Tammy, that I-I want you to call. Uh, I need you to call me real quick. That's, like, a week and a half ago. He called you a week ago? Was it a, a new phone number? No, it was the... 5-5 number. I don't think... It goes right to voice mail now. Oh, you guys don't have that number, do you? Yeah, he told me not to give it out to anybody. You guys promise you don't work for him? I promise. If I end up dead... If I, if I end up in a bag somewhere, you guys better take up for me. He wanted me to pick him up. He was saying that he had to sell his car, and that he was walking and crying, but I wouldn't do it. "I swear on a stack of Bibles that I have not lied to you." "I miss and love you and I am at the cathedral praying for guidance." Where is he? I have no earth... I have no idea. I really don't. Yo, V.I.P. Let's kick it Ice, ice, baby Ice, ice, baby All right, stop, collaborate and listen Scott is back with my brand-new invention Something grabs a hold of me tightly Flow like a harpoon daily and nightly Will it ever stop? Yo, I don't know Turn off the lights and I'll glow To the extreme, I rock a mic like a vandal Light up a stage, wax a chump like a candle Dance, ice, ice, baby Vanilla Ice, Ice, baby Ice Thank you, thank you very much. Thank you. All right. Karla, come on up. Put it together for Karla. Nights in white satin Never reaching the end Letters I've written Never meaning to send Beauty I'd always missed With these eyes before Just what the truth is I can't say anymore 'Cause I love you Yes, I love you Oh, how I love you... When you love somebody, you know, you hope for the best. 'Cause you always hope it'll work. She, uh, she went out on me. But you're supposed to be able to forgive. And I love her. So I'll try to stick with you. "Nights in White Satin" by Moody Blues 'Cause I love you Yes, I love you Oh, I love you... Oh, I love you lighthearted music Ah, you dirty bitch. I get really stressed out sometimes, and when I get stressed out, I do these. Keeps me from killing people. Gentle music Richard Scott Smith had nothing left here in Kansas City. He's on the run from the law because he's skating on his probation, and he needs a new place to call home. So he took off and went to Wichita. Then he starts a restaurant. Dude ain't never much more than ate in a restaurant, and he's running a Krab King. And as far as I know, it was very successful. But he ran off with nickels and dimes. He did not run off with millions of dollars at all. That restaurant is not worth a million dollars. So he basically screwed everybody he could screw for a few thousand dollars, and walked down the street and moved on again. And none of it makes any sense. It-It's like, what kind of con is that? He makes enough money to support his habits, like new trucks and new Harleys. He's a good con man, but he's not a big-dollar con man. He's a nickel-and-dime con man. He goes after middle-income women that have just enough money to make him look good. Meanwhile, he drains them of everything they've worked their whole life for, and it's not that much. It's almost like a game to him. And, I don't know, it just makes you wonder... what the fuck?! Ominous music quiet, ambient music When he was a child, he knew right from wrong. So, what twisted in his head... ...is hard to say. Back then, we called him by his middle name, Scott. Scott lived with his grandparents until he was almost nine, because there was abuse going on with his mother. Scott's mother came from the strangest background. Her mother and grandmother... ...committed suicide together. They lit the house on fire. That could have done a lot of things to her... ...because she was just not sound. And then, when Scott turned nine, he was visiting her for Christmas. She had been pretty much out of his life. And all of a sudden, she ran off with him. There were no addresses forwarded to any of us. No telephone numbers. It was like he dropped off the face of the earth. And who knows what she could have done to him. Ominous music intriguing music "Escape (The Piña Colada Song)" by Rupert Holmes The subscriber you have dialed... Scott Smith. ...is not in service. Please hang up and try your call again later. If you like piña coladas And gettin' caught in the rain If you're not into yoga If you have half a brain If you like makin' love at midnight In the dunes of the cape Then I'm the love that you've looked for Write to me and escape Yes, I like piña coladas And getting caught in the rain And the feel of the ocean And the taste of champagne 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 