American Grit: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 American Grit 
 s1e4 - Charlie Foxtrot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 American Grit (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Charlie Foxtrot - full transcript 
 WWE Superstar John Cena and "The Cadre" reveal the next evolution to test the competitors' observation and communication skills during physical exertion as they are challenged to memorize and recreate specific sets of symbols. The cadre will be forced to strategize how best to lead their teams, because only one team will shine during the evolution and be safe from facing "The Circus". With up to a million dollars of prize money at stake, these competitors will work together with only two options: to persevere and win or give up, "ring out" and go home. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 JOHN: Previously on "American Grit"... -Tony, let's go. -Let's go. JOHN: Remember why you are here, to be pushed. The teams took on the Evolution. RORKE: You got to get this done. JOHN: Led by their four American heroes... TEE: Pick up those feet and go. JOHN: Team Tee took the lead. Get out there, Tony. JOHN: But when Tony hit the water... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Tony, come on. They're coming. JOHN: Their plans fell apart. Tony and Ivette are about to get some company. (grunting) TEE: Unless they come up with a solution, Team Tee is all gonna drown. JOHN: And Team Noah took home another victory. Oh, I love you guys. JOHN: But Tony earned a shot at redemption by taking on Cam and Mark The Machine in the Circus. Let's go, Tony. Trying to keep his team intact. There, they battled and balanced. HAZE: You're kicking ass, Machine. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 JOHN: But The Machine's chances of winning up to $1 million slipped away. HAZE: Yeah! JOHN: Tonight Team Rorke must bounce back after losing its first competitor. Yes, we've lost a powerhouse, and we got to move forward. Let's leverage what we have. JOHN: With only two members, Team Tee is fighting to stay in the competition. TEE: I'm feeling bad for Team Rorke, but hey, as long it's not happening to Team Tee, that's all I care about. JOHN: Only Team Noah and Team Nick are at full strength and therefore in the running to claim the entire $1 million prize. NOAH: We've won three Evolutions in a row, and we have a target on our back. Everyone wants to see us lose. JOHN: Who will be the next contestant to give up, ring out, and go home on "American Grit"? (dramatic percussive music) MAN: # Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh # Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh # Whoa-oh-oh # All alone now # We in the fire # Gonna burn it down # Get out alive # Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Ohh! It's over! MAN: # Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (tense music) One more Circus down. Before we go in there, do you want to tell Team Noah about the Circus today? -No. -No. No, no, no. -Don't tell them anything? -No, we shouldn't. They're gonna expect a story from us, though. All we got to say is, "We made it. He didn't." Team Noah doesn't need any more of an advantage. They're already three up on the rest of us. Any little thing we can do to set them back I think we should do. ALL: One, two, three, shh. (laughter) -Hey, what's up? What's up? -Oh. Who's back? Who's back? Cam's back. Tony's back. Machine is not. DAVID: All right, so y'all got to tell us what happened. Actually, we're not. We're not gonna tell you guys what happens anymore. DAVID: You're not gonna tell us what happened? Each time that we go through this, it's more and more crazy intense. Oh, yeah. We believe that. We go and get physically, mentally beat up, and you guys are just chilling here. We just don't think it's fair. But you don't have to take it out on us. I'm so surprised that it's taken them this long to figure it out not to talk to us about what's going on in the Circus. I'd like to see it, but I don't want to be in that position to lose. (mystical music) # IVETTE: I've been up since 4:00 in the morning, and I'm just, like, I just want to get this done, and I just want to do this already. There's an Evolution today. It is imperative that Team Tee wins today because Tony came back from the last Circus, so if we don't win this Evolution, I automatically go to Circus. And I don't want to go. I'm excited about today, though. I really feel--I have a good feeling about today. Mm-hmm, we just focus on ourselves, get it done, and see if we can dethrone a giant. (dramatic music) # Good morning, everybody. ALL: Good morning. -Good morning, John! Evolution time, otherwise known as Team Noah's house. Noah, as a leader, how are you keeping your team levelheaded pretty much knowing that the sentiment of the rest of the competitors is anybody but Team Noah? NOAH: I tell them not to think about it and to stay disciplined and focused even when we're not out here, when we're in the house. I wish you the best of luck today. In today's Evolution, two words that are gonna make or break you are "observation" and "communication," but after talking with Nick a little bit, one of the most successful snipers in the U.S. military, I was astounded to see that a sniper's work is much more than just weapon work. Nick, would you like to explain? The last thing I want to do is pull the trigger. Any sniper is like that. 90% of our job is being, you know, the observers, the eyes on target, and 10% of that job is being a surgeon with bullets. But nine times out of ten, we're just relaying messages back to our guys on the ground. Observing, gathering information, and communicating -with the rest of your team. -Yep. That sounds a lot like what we're gonna be doing here today in our Evolution. Our Evolution is called Charlie Foxtrot, and it goes something like this. Your teams will race to four different observation posts. You will there see a series of symbols. After memorizing those symbols, you will come back to your Cadre, and they'll help you select from a pile that includes some decoys to recreate those symbols on your team's puzzle board. Now, the team to win this Evolution is the team that will recreate all eight of these symbols first. And we didn't want to make this easy, so along the way, we threw a bunch of obstacles in there to jar your memory and your concentration. You win the Evolution, you're safe from the Circus, and you're still in the running to win that prize money. I don't have a lot of extra income. I work from paycheck to paycheck. I'm about to be in debt for the first time, so winning that money would be a great way to start my new family. Cadre, get with your teams. Let's get a game plan. We'll miss Machine's energy, but we won't miss that weight, so today let's move fast. Get to the obstacles fast. And then concentrate on the actual puzzle pieces. -Right. -I look at things as a story. I build a story in my head. Observation and communication are core traits of a sniper, so my team has that added pressure on them to perform in this Evolution being the fact that I am a sniper from the Ranger Regiment. You know, there's some icy paths back there, so make sure you watch your step. You know, there's some paths back there that's not icy. Make your money. And make sure as we're going uphill, lift your knees. It's gonna make it a lot easier to get up the hill. My team has everything we need to win. David is a running coach. He's run in the Olympics, and he's gonna be my teammate. Here's the spiritual part of the day. Let's not worry about winning. Let's not think about winning. Let's just have fun. I didn't want to put pressure on them and say, "Hey, you know, we have to win. We need to win." I know it sounds like a high school youth coach, but sometimes even when it came to combat, my dad would say the same things, like, "Look, have fun. Keep light, and you're gonna be able to focus and do that job," so I kind of just focused on that. ALL: Hoo-yah! Team Tee! Reaper! Team Noah! NOAH: There we go. Why do you have that face, Diesel? Never in my life will I tell you what I'm thinking. -Yeah? -Not you. 'Cause I know what you're gonna do with it. All you guys are gonna lose so bad today. It's gonna be so funny. So all of you, move efficiently, move effectively, communicate as a team. Competitors, are you ready? ALL: Ready. Come on, Blue. Have fun. JOHN: Three, two, one, go. (dramatic music) It's really important Team Noah does not win the Evolution. We get it. They're awesome. But enough is enough. Today is the day for the green team to do down. # Keep going. Just keep going. Okay. JIM: Crawling's probably the best way. KJOY: Just be very stable. Come on. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. I gotcha, gotcha. JOHN: Once the teams get through their obstacles, they'll continue on to their observation post, where they can take as much time as they need to memorize the two symbols they find there. I'm looking at the objects, and they aren't too complicated. You know, they're military-based objects. You guys good? MARK: Yeah, let's go. One, two, three, four. Let's go, Tony and Ivette. -Let's go. -Okay. JOHN: The first team back to the command post is Team Noah. Now they have to locate two symbols that match the ones back at the observation post in a sea of decoys. MARK: Make sure--some of these are gonna look similar, all right, so keep that in mind as you're looking. -Little details. -Yup, that one. Two ships are pointing that way, yeah? -Yep. -Okay, where are we going? That was zone two. That was zone two. -That was zone two. -Hold on. -That was two. Sorry. -Yeah. Thanks. JOHN: Team Noah is first on the board with two correct symbols. -Where the airplane? -Okay, what kind? JOHN: Team Tee is second to return to the command post with the first set of symbols. This one looks right. This one. Yeah, that's the one. I'm sure. -Okay. -Yeah, this is the one. (bell dings) -Go. -Let's go. (all panting) You--you guys ready? -Looks like-- -Hold on, this--this one's-- Yeah, this one's really detailed. This one's gonna be detailed. JOHN: Team Noah headed into their second observation post, but Team Nick hasn't left it yet. -Good? -We're good. Let's go. Let's go. -All right. -That little teeny one. -Think the little teeny one? -Yeah, that counts. I wanted to leave. I wanted to get out of there. But KJoy and Jim really was memorizing every single piece. (both speaking indistinctly) But while we were there, green team was coming up on us. (dramatic music) # (dramatic music) -Okay, are we good? -We're good. Let's go. Let's go. -All right. -That little teeny one. (breathing heavily) -All right. -You guys, we can't spend this much long time on each one of them. We spent a long-ass time on that first puzzle. Green team was pretty much waiting for us to leave. -It pissed me off.  -All right, guys, I'm good -if you are. JOHN: Team Noah not wasting any time memorizing their symbols and flying back to the command post. There's just one problem. Team Nick still hasn't cleared the obstacle. MARIA: Faster, faster. Come on. Let's go. -That's it. -Yep, let's go. That's number four. That's number four. NOAH: You got 'em oriented the right way? Yep. Three teams are in with their first series of symbols. -Submarine, Nick. -Yeah, that one. One, two, three. This is-- -Submarine. -Subs. We got subs. One, two, three. -This is it for sure. That's it. Let's go, you guys. We got to move. Come on. JIM: Hurry up. Hurry up. JOHN: Team Nick finally managed to put its first pair -of symbols on the board. -Put that in three. JOHN: But Team Noah's lapped them. They're already done with their second pair. Team Noah in and out. Team's looking really good. Well-oiled machine, indeed. -Whoa. -We're good. NOAH: But Team Tee was about 30 seconds behind. -You sure? -Yep. (bell dings) JOHN: Team Noah's in the lead with two pairs of symbols on their board. Teams Nick and Rorke each have one pair. And Team Tee is giving Team Noah a run for its money with two pairs of symbols as well. Okay, same thing. I'm on the left. It's going up with number two. Let's go. -Come on. -What we got, babe? JOHN: Looks like Team Tee has pulled into the lead. But Team Noah's right behind them. All right, attention to detail, attention to detail. Okay, where you at? Where you at? You sure? Take a look at 'em. Take a look at 'em. They're all together. Okay, go. Come on. Come on. NOAH: Hurry up, guys! Hurry up. Let's go. Let's go. (bell dings) Go, Team Tee! Pick it up! JOHN: Once again it's a race to the finish between Team Noah and Team Tee. Dig in. Put Lisa in the middle. JOHN: Got to hand it to Team Tee. They are flying right now. TEE: Right now, we need this. In this game, second means nothing. (both panting) TEE: I just want them to continue with the speed. If we can keep the speed, then we'll be good. (dramatic music) NOAH: Go, green! Fast! My team is heading into their last observation point. They're moving good, but I also glanced over and see that Team Tee is doing really well. IVETTE: I do not want to go to Circus. I just want to win. I don't think that the other teams really realize how close we've came every single time to beating Team Noah. -Go, go, go. -Go. IVETTE: So beating them would just prove that, you know what, Team Tee is the strongest team. TEE: Let's go, Team Tee! Pick it up! TONY: Come on, guys. TEE: Let's go. You got to pick it up. Come on, babe. Come on. -I believe you. -This thing's so hard. Come on. No, it's not. It's easy. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on, Lisa, let's go. JOHN: Team Noah coming in with their symbols once again, doing what they do. Tony, where you at? JOHN: It's all down to Team Tee and Team Noah. Attention to detail. JOHN: This is the last pair of symbols for both of them. LISA: Let me guess; there's a bomber picture over there? DAVID: Yeah. JOHN: We have one and one left to go. -Oh, in. -Yeah. (bell dings) Absolutely correct. (all cheering) (bleep)! -(laughs) -Yeah! Team Noah again. I've never ran so fast in my life. -Girl, you were amazing. -Awesome work. LISA: I feel so amazing. It's the fourth win for Team Noah, -and I'm thrilled. -Whoo! I couldn't be happier or asked for a better team. Now we're gonna keep pushing forward. Green team, let's keep doing it. -I'm so proud of you. -(laughs) This is ridiculous. We--we might have to step up the mind games at base camp. I'm tired of being a bridesmaid. It's time to be a bride. -Our time is coming. -I'm ready for the Circus. -I'm okay. -I know you are. -I'm ready for it. -I know. We're definitely annoyed. I mean, the fact that we continue to lose, that's not what I came here for. That's not what my team came here for. If it was work, it wouldn't sting as bad, because marines still fall under the department of the navy. And Navy SEALs? They're still some badasses to contend with. But the fact that it's constantly the army? Yeah, that's just not hitting home for me, not--not at all. Team Noah, this is truly your playground. For the fourth straight time, you've won the Evolution. You guys are safe from the Circus. Tee, all of us now know Ivette will face the Circus. Rorke and Nick, you have a decision to make. Now it's time for you guys to strategize on the day and think about your next move. Congratulations to Team Noah. I'll catch up with you later. # Feeling good? Are you? How can we? I'm really frustrated. I'm looking for ideas that change the future from what we've been seeing the last four Evolutions. Can we have a big meeting? -Okay. -And we'll exclude Noah's team. -Have it now? -All right? Yeah. We just can't keep doing what we're doing. This is a competition 24-7. We're playing on the battlefield during the battle. That's it. But it's not working. They just keep winning. At this point, they're winning 'cause we're making them win. Exactly, they're winning-- every single time we think about them, they're winning. Look at where we are. They're sitting--they're hanging out in a hot tub, and we're here trying to take them down. We got to brainstorm how we can affect them here. It's time to start playing dirty. So what are they talking about in there? -Can you hear anything? -They're talking about us. I really don't care what they think. We got to just keep focusing on ourselves. And even if they do thinking bad things, saying bad things, whatever. If we just keep doing what we're doing, what's gonna change? -I mean, is this a bullying-- -What's gonna change? There's a million dollars-- Is this about bullying people? Is that what this is about? If that's what you think's gonna work. No, no, no, no, I'm asking 'cause I don't-- like, I'm saying I thought and I still think that we just have to play our game. I'm just wondering when you guys are gonna realize-- I'm wondering when you're gonna realize that-- that you need to focus on you. Be accountable for you. That's what Nick said. So let's go with what our leader says and be accountable for you. Our leader said get mad. He said--and I am mad, but I'm not calling us losers. -I think you're mad at me. -I'm not mad at you, Jim. I just don't want you to be negative; that's all. He doesn't even have a plan for "psychological warfare." It just drives me nuts. If you're gonna present something on the table, present a plan. Don't present an idea, and don't get mad at us if we don't understand your idea because there's no plan. Next week, when they've won five-- Well, of course, if you say that-- Boom. There you go. Oh, because I said it, it's gonna happen? -No--Jim, you need to calm down. -Look what you're thinking. I'm going to the end, dude. Well, no, you're not, because you just finished saying that they are. Well, yeah, I'll be with them. Oh, excellent. Congratulations. There's your teammates. All right, can we sing "Kumbaya" now? All right, hey, it's rainbows and unicorns, baby. I love losing! Yay! MARIO: I'm done here. I think we need a break. Coming out. I think that went very well. (tense music) # I was made aware of something that happened last night. Is there anybody that cares to speak upon anything I should probably know about before I move forward? # Okay, then, I'll just come right out and say it. # Late last night at about midnight, it was Reaper's birthday. (laughter and applause) So if you could all join me. ALL: # Happy birthday to you # Happy birthday to you # Happy birthday dear Reaper # Happy birthday to you (cheers and applause) -Whoo! -Reaper, Reaper. (tense music) # NICK You guys try to hide. I'll turn around, and then find you. I'll try that from right here. BOTH: All right. -Best you can. I won't look. For our team-building exercise, we're gonna be working with ghillie suits. Usually, when I'm explaining it to someone what a ghillie suit is, I just say it looks like a mop. It's a mop suit. Son of a bitch. Oh, they're pretty deep in here. When I was really young--I was actually in the sixth grade-- my mom helped me make a ghillie suit. Got one right there. That was a really bad spot. -I know. -That was really bad. We made it out of, like, an old jumpsuit and some yarn and string and stuff like that. I see you right there by the tree. That does not grow naturally. And I would sit out at the bus stop and scare the kids when they got off the bus. Right here. Right--who is that, KJoy? I remember I would get out of school early by faking sick just so I could get home and use my ghillie suit. Oh, there we go right there. (laughs) -Nice. That was good. -Oh, good one. So it brought back a lot of good memories. KJOY: Who'd you catch first? I caught Cam first. I saw his hair. Like, if you put your hood on, you'd have been fine. (mystical music) # -Hi, Rorke. -Rorke. -Good morning. -What's up? -Good morning. Good morning. -How are you? Good. How are you? Today I see our training a little bit as a distraction. My team has got a chance to know me. What I haven't had a chance to share with them is actual combat arts and some of the things we focus on within SEAL operate. So I want them to have fun with the training experience, and maybe it lights a fire of warrior spirit within them. I want to do a little training. So we're gonna--we're gonna do a little knife fighting work. -Ooh. -What? So I'll give everyone a blade so you kind of got one in your hands. -So-- -Cold steel. He pulls out these dummy knives, or these fake knives, and I'm like, "Sweet." You never know when you're gonna get in a knife fight. If you're sticking that knife out, and you've got it out in this spot where one of the best things I can do is just try and get rid of that. So if I'm here and like this, and I just go like that, as I hit Mario in the face... (laughter) You no longer have a knife. Argh! Boom, perfect, perfect. Kind of clear the knife. Yep, perfect, perfect. You want to make sure that knife gets clear. -Give me your money. -Ahh! -Oh, that was--yeah. -Perfect, perfect. Now I'm pretty sure I can deflect a blade. Just, like, punch somebody real quick. ALL: Hoo-yah! Aah! Do we get to keep these? TONY: How do you guys feel about Team Noah always winning? It's causing friction within our team. What was the friction? JIM: The entire house seems to be like, "Everything's working out great." -You don't see that? -I don't see that. How is it different? I don't know why you're so angry, Jim. I'm asking for ideas to change the path we're on, 'cause this path leads to Team Noah winning all the time. That's not how I work. TONY: There was a little bit of friction between Jim and Maria. They were having a little disagreement. Not really a big fan of the argument between the two of them amongst the team, because it shows a breakdown, an internal breakdown in our group. Now it's time to talk about the Circus, and how we're gonna strategize that. We know it's gonna be Ivette. I'm willing to go if you think that's what's best for the team. Mm-hmm. And I feel like I would be the same. I feel like if I was against Ivette, no matter what-- -unless it was riding horses. -Yeah-- And maybe even that I could get her; I don't know. CAM: Right, yeah. Maria is just, like, you know, she's very quiet. All three of us have gone before except Maria, so it's time for her to step up. I'm immune, just because of, you know, Circus last week. The obvious approach would be Maria. # (dramatic music) # IVETTE: Oh, my God. (laughter) Are you really that mad at Nick? This is tradition. I mean, we didn't have a present to give him... -So he's the present? -So in special operations, we just make him the gift. (laughter) Well...happy birthday? (laughter) The Cadre just walked up behind me and got me by the legs and then arms. They got one on the Reaper. I'd say that's a very rare occurrence. Well, I have no doubt in my mind that at some point it's gonna come back. NICK: It's a big tradition in our communities, especially the special operations community. It's just something on your birthday, you get tied up. Let's go ahead and get you out of here. TEE: You ready? It's an interesting way to shave. (laughter) Other things happen, but we can't put that, you know, here. -Happy birthday. -Whoo! Well, now, birthday celebrations aside, now it's time to find out who's going to face the Circus. Tee, Tony survived the last Circus. He cannot be chosen. Ivette, you will face the Circus. Please go over and stand by Tee. You got this. -You got this. -I do. Tee, what are your thoughts of Ivette facing the Circus for the first time? I think Ivette is a lot like me. She's out here to prove something to those who doubt her. For myself, even coming into the military as a female, I had to prove it, and I now know that it's time for her to prove it. And she knows that as well. # Nick, Cam can't run the Circus tomorrow because he ran it last time. Who are you sending to the Circus? We had some friction in the room last night. I think at this point in time who I'm gonna choose is gonna prove a lot to the team that they have something to offer to the team. Today I'm going to send Maria. # MARIA: Nick starts talking about conflict in the house, and I'm thinking, "Hmm, is he talking about me, or is he talking about Jim?" And when he called Maria, I was shocked. JOHN: Nick, why? NICK: We have disagreements in the military as well. I didn't like everybody on my team. But we worked together on the battlefield, and that's what counted, and I think once she, you know, works this out in the battlefield, we'll be good to go. Maria, how do you feel about facing the Circus? I am excited to face the Circus, to be honest. I love my team, but, you guys, I work better as an individual versus a team player, and I'm gonna kill the Circus. Fair enough, which leads me to Rorke. Who are you choosing to send to the Circus? I'm sending my girl Haze. JOHN: Haze, you've been chosen to face the Circus. Please stand with Rorke. Everyone on my team has competed in the Circus, except Mario, so he seems like the obvious choice. But I love the matchup of Haze and Ivette, which allows me to save Mario for a future Circus. JOHN: Haze, in a stellar performance the first time you were in a Circus, now you've been chosen again. I'm very eager. You know, I know what's up there, so I'm prepared for whatever's thrown at me. We will definitely see about that. Ivette, Maria, Haze, you've all been selected to face the Circus. Keep in mind that you'll be pushed to the limit, and it will challenge every aspect of you as a human being. One of you tomorrow will give up, ring out, and go home. Please take the evening and ask yourself what drives you, and are you as driven as the person standing next to you? And I hope tomorrow you've got a hell of an answer. Get back to base camp and get your rest. You're gonna need it. # You were really, like, negative, you know, and saying that we suck and that we're losers. But I never said that. We're losing. "Losing" is not "losers." I heard "losers." I've never had to deal with negative energy, like, that was actually sleeping next to me. You know what I mean? And I need to focus on me. I kind of felt a little disconnected last night. JIM: Well, I don't feel disconnected. I-I also don't. This is where it's really hard to be in a team. I said I felt disconnected, so your response should be, "Why did you feel that way?" You're, like, smiling, Cam, like, "God, what is Maria talking about?" CAM: I just want to roll my eyes. I think part of her is crazy, but another part of me also understood that she's my teammate and I should care. It's time for her to step up. I said, "You know what? "You say you're a better individual competitor, then tomorrow's your chance." "'Cause I-I'm a strong competitor." (laughs) I'm like, "Yes, you are. See ya." (dramatic music) HAZE: I feel like it's gonna be a long one, not a quick one. And I'm gonna hear you guys up there screaming. I'ma get my vocal cords ready. -# Ahh -# Ahh I'll show you. Hi, Cam-Cam. Hi. -All good? -No, I'm ready. I know you'll do great, so... -I'll be back tonight. -Okay. -Yeah. -You've got to stop that. CAM: I really hope Haze comes back. Haze is a really cool girl. I think she's really cute, and she's different from other girls back home and even from other girls in the house. I'm wearing my warrior braids. Whether Team Tee goes home or Team Rorke-- I'd like Team Rorke to go home, actually. Sorry, Cam. Your girlfriend has to go. She's distracting, and she's-- she needs to go home. Don't--don't apologize to me. I will be honest; I do think Haze is way tougher than Maria. Maria is a mom with three kids, and, you know, exercises at her house when she has downtime. She's definitely out of her element. TONY: In the Circus, somebody's will will be broken. I'm scared as hell. I'm scared. Because I can't help her with this one. She's on her own. I'm the only one that's leaving. First one to the Circus wins? -I'll see you guys tonight. -Come home! Girls of the "Grit." -Bye, ladies. BOTH: Girls of the "Grit." (barking) KJOY: Girls of the "Grit." (melancholy piano music) # You will be the first person to face the Circus twice. What are your thoughts on that? I'm looking forward to it. -Yeah? -Yeah, to be completely honest. So talk about the house. I understand you and Cam have gotten close. Oh, yeah. You know, probably my biggest challenge is separating the personal life and the game. Do you think you can? Absolutely. Neither competitor has seen the Circus. There's no denying that you smoked the course. You have run our fastest time to date. -Really? -What drives you? It's my dad. I mean, he is my biggest cheerleader. He is the reason that I am the strong woman that I am today. God, why do I do this every time? You're--you're getting me. You have another chance to make your dad proud. I've been looking forward to seeing what you got out there. It will take catastrophe for her not to finish this course first. Frankly, if she doesn't finish first in the course, I think she will be so mentally upside-down that maybe she won't be able to face the challenge. Haze has already proven that she can run the course extremely fast. Mm-hmm, but I'm--I'm strong too. You said yesterday you're much better as an individual -than you are as a teammate. -Yes. You are aware this is a team competition, right? I mean, at the end of the day, one team will win the prize money. Yeah, and the only reason I said that is because I want my team to have confidence that I'm gonna come back. I work really well with all of you, but I want you to know that I can do this by myself too. I know that I sometimes have personality conflicts with people, but I'm a very consistent person. I'm very open, very vulnerable at times. My husband was a marine, and he has said, "You be accountable for you." I mean, I'm gonna try my very best to be a team player, but when I'm in the Circus, it's just me. I know I'm gonna give it all I got. You run... I ride equestrian. What do you have to say when people say that this competition is no place for a sidesaddle horse rider? People think, "Oh, she's girlie," and I'm not. I can rough it out with the best. I do have a lot to prove. That's what makes me strong. Last night, when Tee at the sentencing pretty much gave Ivette the seal of approval, Tee said, "I see a lot of myself in her, because I was told I would never make it," I hope Ivette understands the magnitude of that. Today is a proving ground, and that's what's great about the Circus. So for all the competitors, we'll see if the bite matches the bark. (dramatic music) # Hello, everybody. Haze, Maria, you have been chosen by our Cadre to face the Circus. Ivette, your Cadre had no choice. Now you three will represent your teams, maybe prove some people wrong and prove that you belong here. But in this game, if you give up, you ring out and go home, forfeiting the chance to win $1/4 million. You've all had a chance to witness the Circus, some a chance to experience it. The grueling obstacle portion will be critical in your success or failure, because the competitor who arrives on the endurance platform first, they get a huge advantage, the competitor to arrive second, a smaller advantage, the competitor to arrive last, no advantage at all, and they'll begin their endurance test immediately. Today's endurance test is called tree-hugger. The test is this: you'll arrive on the endurance platform, and you'll see three posts. Each post has two colored bands. When your test begins, you will climb up to the top band and hang on. When I tell you to move, you climb down to the lower band. You will then alternate between the two bands until one of you gives up and falls. This may seem easy, but the footrests are barely thick enough for you to stand on. You can do whatever you'd like with your feet to secure your position. But your arms must be wrapped around the colored band. The competitor who gives up. whose body fails, they will be forced to ring out and go home. Make your way to the starting line. -Let's go, Haze! -All right, Haze. Haze is really the perfect chess piece to put on the board right now. She has proven herself in this environment. She's got that toughness and grit. I feel very confident she'll be coming back to us. (all cheering) In the military, a Circus is used to determine someone's will. That's what Maria has to do today. Whether she wins or fails the Circus, our team will be stronger. All right, Ivette, let's go. This all you, baby. Ivette has had to deal with many doubters. Same thing for me. Even in the Marine Corps, I've had many doubters. But you know what? Just like I've stepped up to prove them wrong, today is her chance to prove herself. When you think about ringing that bell, please ask yourself the question, what drives you? Competitors at the ready. Three, two, one, go. (all cheering) Let's go, Ivette! Yeah! JOHN: Haze has the advantage in knowing the course. Let's go, Ivette. Pick it up. -You got it, Maria. -Come on, Haze. Come on, Haze. JOHN: Haze out in front. She'll conquer the cargo net first. Let's go. JOHN: Haze is trying to beat her record. Yep. She's not even racing the other competitors. She's essentially racing herself. I know Haze is tough competition up there, -but Ivette doing very well. -There you go, 'Vette! Good job. Maria. Good job. Attagirl, Maria. You got it. JOHN: Ivette is up and over that second obstacle, -Maria in third. NICK: Play your game, Maria. Keep coming, Haze. Let's get up this ladder. RORKE: Just play your game. TEE: Hook and go. Let's go. -They're climbing those logs? -She climbing up. GOLDIE: Hey, Haze! -You can pass her! -Oh, (bleep). -You got it, Maria. -Oh, (bleep). You got it. JOHN: It seems like everybody looks good going up to the ladder, and then at the ladder, it seems like everybody gets separated. RORKE: Great job. I'll see you down there. I'll see you down there, Haze. NICK: You gave birth to three kids. You got this. This is nothing. (breathing heavily) GOLDIE: All right, Haze, I see you, baby. -I see you. -Lookin' good, Haze. Lookin' good. # TONY: There you go, Ivette. Keep that pace. KJOY: There you go, Maria. # TONY: Keep that focus. JOHN: I got to hand it to Ivette. She is keeping pace. Haze still in first. She's the current record holder on this course. But she just can't shake Ivette. Meanwhile, Maria is falling further behind in last place. # Ivette looks like she's off the last downward crawl. She's headed to the last series of jumps. # GOLDIE: Here we go, Haze! There she is. -Whoo! -Nice and easy. Nice and easy. JOHN: A little bit of a booty scoot boogie right now by Haze. # GOLDIE: All right, Haze. TONY: There she go! -Good job, Ivette. JOHN: Look at this. We're gonna have two people on the net at the same time. That's actually pretty damn good. TEE: Let's go. Tuck them legs. -Tuck them legs. -She's closing the gap. Tuck them legs. -Tuck them legs in. -We got ourselves a race. JOHN: We may have ourselves a race. She's going for it. She's going for it. -Go for it! -Oh, we got ourselves a race! Come on, baby! Come on! Come on, fight! Come on, fight! Come on, Ivette! Get over here! Come on, Ivette. Get over here. -Yeah! -She's closing the gap! We may have ourselves a race. (overlapping shouting) JOHN: She's going for it. She's going for it. -Go for it! -Oh, we got ourselves a race! Come on, baby! Come on! Come on, fight! Fight over. (overlapping shouting) JOHN: We got ourselves a race at the end! We got ourselves a race to finish first. JIM: Are you kidding me? JOHN: Ivette finishes first! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah, Ivette! That's what I'm talkin' about, baby! What I'm talking about right there. Good fight, Ivette! Nice! (bleep) yeah! JOHN: Ivette finishes the obstacle course first Ashley finishes second. -That is a huge surprise. -I'm really sorry, baby. JOHN: I must admit I am impressed. That was badass. JOHN: Ivette and Haze, you've each earned a well-deserved rest before starting the endurance portion of the Circus. -How are my legs? -Yeah, you're fine. Maria's reached the platform. The endurance test will begin immediately. Maria, get up there and climb. KJOY: Attagirl, Maria. And up we go. Get your legs up. There you go. Walk up there. Can you get those other legs up? There you go. Hug it like you're hugging your kids. That's good. You got it. JOHN: Ivette and Haze, I will tell each of you when your rest is over and it's time to start the endurance. KJOY: Just hang on and get in that zone. You're good. We need you. We need you. JOHN: Haze, your advantage is up. Join the climb. GOLDIE: All right, Haze. Don't look at her. Just look over here. Slow and steady, Haze. -Here we go. -All right, Haze. Looking good. Nice and comfortable. RORKE: All right, Haze. We're in it. We're in it. JOHN: All righty, we got two up. NICK: Nice, Maria. You got this. This is nothing. GOLDIE: All right, Haze. We love you. JOHN: Ivette, your advantage is over. Get up there and join the climb. (tense music) TONY: All right, Ivette, let's go. Lock it in. Lock it in. Remember why we here. Remember why you came here. KJOY: Fair game now, Maria. You're awesome. You've got this. I'm gonna leave Maria alone. She's a better individual player anyway, she said, right? # TEE: Don't try to wiggle too much. Ivette, you moving too much for me. Find that place. We got one about to go down, Maria. We got one about to go, all right? We got one about to go. JOHN: Competitors, we're coming up on 20 minutes. Move down and put your arms around the lower colored band. MARIO: Hanging on the skeleton, Haze. KJOY: Use the strength of your legs and your core, Maria. You've got it, girl. TEE: Keep climbing. Climb on down. # Take your time, Haze. RORKE: Real deliberate, real deliberate. Good job, nice and deliberate. Perfect. TEE: Stop shaking that knee. Lock in, Ivette. Lock in, Ivette. Come on, baby. Lock in. Lock it in. JOHN: Looks like the elements may be taking a toll on Ivette. She's got a bit of the shakes. TEE: You got to lock it in. There's no need to shake. You're in your head. Get out your head. RORKE: There's people moving up here, and it's not you. Good job, Haze. # Good job. Whatever feels best to you. You got there, and you got footholds below you if you need them. NICK: You got three kids back at home. If somebody was trying to take them, you hold on really tight, right? Same mentality. Count backwards in your head. Give yourself something to focus on. NICK: She's hurting. She's hurting. Feed off of that. I don't give a damn if you got to name all our relatives. Get to naming. Show me why you're here. JOHN: Maria gripping her wrist, Ivette essentially gripping her elbow, Haze actually gripping on to the post itself. Interesting--everybody's kind of got a little different strategy. I like that. Haze, remember why you're here. Lucky seven. GOLDIE: Do this for your dad, Haze. RORKE: We got people getting shakes over here. You're good. Stay right where you're at. I love it. I love it. JOHN: Maria and Haze are like statues. Ivette just trying to find her stride in there. She's coming down over here, all right, in a couple more minutes, not even that, not even that. JOHN: Competitors, we're approaching 40 minutes. Make your way slowly and carefully back up to the top. -This is your part, Maria. -Smooth. Smooth, Maria, smooth. There you go, nice and smooth. Take your time. TEE: Steady, baby. NICK: She's coming down. She's going down. TEE: Steady place. Get to that steady place. # (overlapping chatter) # Oh, (bleep). Oh! (all groan) There we have it. The challenge is over. MARIA: Ugh! Ivette, there you go, baby. -There you go. -We love you, girl! -Thank you, sir. -Yep. Great job. Great job. You did this, nobody else but you. IVETTE: I couldn't have done it without you. Let's try not to be back here again though. -You had me, girl. -Thank you. HAZE: You got me. It's good. It's good. -She did great. -Yeah. Haze, Ivette, you have survived the Circus. You can rejoin your teams. (all cheering) Yeah, ha-ha! -I'm so proud of you. -She did this. I like coming up here. I was almost there. NICK: I don't look at it as a bad thing losing Maria. She had already mentally defeated herself. That just--you know, it is what it is. That's not how I thought it would go. I didn't think so either. I'm not sorry to see her go. Let's just forget that she was ever here, and we're gonna push forward. We're gonna be a better team now. -Maria. -Yeah. You were the first competitor to fall down and give up. Mm-hmm. It is now your time to ring out and go home. (dramatic music) # (bell ringing) MARIA: Did it suck ringing that bell? Sure. It's not easy to be a mom and to sacrifice, and maybe I didn't feel it with the other people in the house, but I definitely know that the people out there watching will know that and understand how I felt this entire time. We love you, girl. MARIA: But the consolation is I get to see my kids, you know, and I get to show them that, hey, Mommy tried. It was one of the best experiences of my life, so I'm thankful for "American Grit." JOHN: Next time... Don't stop running now, Jim. You know how bad we need it. JOHN: Team Nick must overcome the loss of their first team member to stop the juggernaut Team Noah... MARK: Come on, Lisa. I'm slowing the team down. Come on, blue. Come on. JOHN: As Team Rorke and Team Tee deal with their own internal struggles. Don't make me (bleep) drag you again; come on. -I'm not just giving up. -That's exactly what happened. JOHN: Who will be the next contestant to give up, ring out, and go home? GOLDIE: I slam doors to keep from slamming my fist in somebody's face. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 