In Contempt: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 In Contempt 
 s1e2 - Combat by Agreement - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 In Contempt (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Combat by Agreement - full transcript 
 After a fatal gang bus shooting, Gwen must defend a 14 year old, while also reconnecting with her former law professor and secret crush, Bennett. Vanessa, under Charlie's wing, goes through public defender boot camp. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Franklin, it's me, Gwen. A scandal? You're not taking advantage, are you? I take advantage of everyone, Your Honor. I'm Vanessa Hastings, I'm new. I gotta share my office with a rookie? - Miss Sullivan... - This is a joke! And I expect it from a prick like him but not from you! You are supposed to care. Miss Sullivan, you are in contempt. What's wrong with passion? Here's to the win! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Can't wait to do it again! - I've got trial. - I'm in arraignments. Unknown number again? Must be Amex, or Bloomingdales or ShopUp. Thank you, I'm just saying. I get buying one purse, but eight? Free shipping. Ladies... Oh my Lord! You slept with him last night! Jesus, he said one word. How did you know? How did I not know? It's almost eight o'clock you haven't sworn at anyone. You were playing happy Mary J. Blige this morning... - It's a good day. - And, you got that 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 "I just got some" glow on your face. - I was drunk. - You weren't that drunk. God what is it with you two? I do not know except for the sex which is mind bending... But you know what? It doesn't matter he drives me crazy, so I am done. I've moved on. I even posted new Tinder pics. Oh please, watching you date is like watching Goldilocks. He's taller than my law professor. He's shorter than my law professor. Bennet. Honey, I know his name is Bennet. The point is you've gotta stop comparing everyone to him. No. There. Bennet. That's the hot law professor? I would show up for his office hours. I've been trying to catch up with you for a minute. What? You're too important to answer your phone now? Listen, in my world, no caller ID is either a bill collector, my drunk mother or somebody wanting to know why I couldn't get their kid off on their robbery charge. My fault. Well my publicist thought I should have a secure number... Your publicist? Look at you. Somebody went and got brand new. How long you in town? Well I'm back now, I bought a home. - Really? - Mm-hmm. Let me guess, within walking distance of Red Rooster? A brownstone up in Hamilton Heights. Like that! Okay, you've come a long way from teaching me the difference between battery and assault. Hello? Hey. Can I call you back? Okay. Bye. - Sorry. People waiting... - No, that's okay. Listen, I'm running late, but there's something I want to tell you. How about dinner? I'd love to, but I got this 14 year-old kid who's being tried as an adult on a murder charge today. Really love you're still fighting power. That's me. Ever vigilant. But it's nothing compared to you. I mean, you won a national book award, you got a movie deal going, - you're just a celebrity... - Hey, hey, hey stop it. You're a badass sister. Own it, be proud. - Thank you. - Come on. Dinner... a nice glass of red? Have I ever said no to a nice glass of red? All right. Well, I'll call you with the details. - Pick up your phone this time. - I will pick up my phone. You thinking what I'm thinking? You have broad shoulders. That's not what I'm thinking but yeah, - I'm wide. I do five sessions... - Yeah, yeah, yeah. Take off your jacket and your shirt. You want some more of big Charlie. A little live fun? You got it. Thanks. Now your pants. I like it when you have in control like this. Watch me, yes. No. We're not doing that anymore. - Wha...? - I'm serious this time. - I mean it. - You... meant it last time and the time before that. Yeah. Thank you for these. Wait, wait what? Gwen. What? Have you seen Gwen? Just went that way, Tom. Vanessa will shadow you then. Come in. Guide her through the wonderful world of arraignments. Hi, is there anything normal about this place? - It's Casual Thursday. - Mm-hmm. Willy doesn't belong in adult court, he's only 14. I know, but he did shoot a veteran - and in the court... - Can't you talk to the judge? She is sympathetic, but the prosecutor has to consent to moving the case to juvenile court and he never wants to appear soft on crime. But, I do have a plan to try and convince him. We'll talk about it later, I'm gonna need your help. The reality Ms. Walker is that Willy was carrying a loaded gun on a city bus... That was for protection. That gang was trying to kill him. I know. But we're going to have to admit that he had the gun, so even if we get off on the murder charge... How long will they put him away for? Depends on which court the case ends up in. Willy, I'm going to need you to put this on. I just bought him the suit he's wearing. - Yours looks too big. - Exactly. Give me your watch. That's my father's watch, I think it looks good on him. I don't want him to look good Ms. Walker. I want him to look like the child he is. He's facing life in adult court. Well, I can get parole though, right? When I'm 21? There's no parole, Willy. Life is life in adult court. Here, take this. What is this for? For when you get bored. Six months of social work, Judge. Report, after report, after report. This is a good kid. A kid who made a mistake of falling in with a gang. I'm just saying in juvenile court, at least there's a chance for rehabilitation. I've read your motion, Ms. Sullivan, and I find it persuasive. But you know, I don't have any power here. Mr. Duchay. The people haven't changed their position. Your Honor, we could have a hearing, if you'd indulge us. Mr. Duchay could cross examine and make the decision. How's my day look, Meg? Your Honor, this is ridiculous. Oh, come on, Mr. Duchay, what could it hurt? A 14 year-old's pre-frontal cortex simply isn't fully developed enough to discern higher order, right from wrong. Would that include lack of impulse control? Absolutely. Adolescents lack mature judgment and are highly influenced by their peers. Can I help you? Perkins Boys School, Law and Justice class. We're doing a report about crime and punishment. If they act up, let them. Hi boys. Just a happy coincidence? So, it's actually possible for kids to do things, even violent things, with no adult appreciation of what they're doing? Without question. That's settled science. So is it possible that kids who have done violent things can develop into mature conscientious adults? That they can be rehabilitated? It's not merely possible, it's commonplace. Kids change. In fact, Willy's been getting A's and B's while in custody, where there are no gangs trying to kill him. Thank you, Doctor. If I told you that my five-year old nephew knows that lying is wrong, would you dispute that? No. And most children know, like these boys do now, that if they do something bad, they will get in trouble. They could appreciate the notion of consequences? Appreciating basic concepts and engaging in genuine moral reasoning are not the same thing. So, even if a child knows right from wrong and can appreciate consequences, you still don't think they should be held accountable for something like this? Seriously, in front of the children? - Oh, please. - All right. Given the disturbing nature of the upcoming testimony, I'm clearing the courtroom of all observers - under the age of 16. - That's a good idea. Clearly, 14-year-old children do not have the capacity that adults do to process this kind of brutality. We shouldn't treat them as if they did. You're not actually trying to convince me with that little sideshow. Wow, Willy. Good morning, sunshine. I gotta deal with this rookie today but if I make it to Part F, could you call... my cases first? My day's insane. I don't know. Is there any way you could return my calls? C.O's, butter them up. They can move your cases to the top of the signing sheet. Assistant D.A.'s know who you can work, - and who's out for blood. - Always stay away from Duchay. Judge, learn what pisses them off. And, if you need anything from Judge Foley, make sure you get to her before her 3 o'clock martini lunch. And Judge Miller, after his. You're going to do great. Willy's father passed away when he was five, so he didn't much know him. Which was a blessing. He was a violent man. Beat Willy, burned him with cigarette butts. What about Willy's mother? My daughter Anita... drugs. She left Willy home once for four days when he was six. I couldn't save her, but... I could take Willy in. Love him. What's Willy's life like with you, Mrs. Walker? I did the best I could but I have two part time jobs as a Nurse's Aide, I work 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. So, Willy raised himself? I tried, but I was never home. Is it true that Willy needed a police escort to go to school? They made one of those... You called... Safe corridors for the kids on account of gangs trying to recruit them. Yet he did join a gang, the 110th Street Posse. Those gangs, they make themselves seem like family. With me working so much... He is a good boy but they... snatched him out of my hands. Willy is 14, he won't survive one week in an adult prison. Your Honor, please. You have to listen to me. He is good. I need you to confine yourself to the questions, Ms. Walker. Nothing further. You love your grandson. Kept a close eye on him. I tried. Did everything you could to raise him right? Yes, sir. Chores, church, respect. Tried to instill good values, taught him right from wrong. Mr. Duchay, you grew up in Crown Heights didn't you? Excuse me? Your mother was a school teacher, and your father drove a bus. Ms. Walker, I ask the questions. There's no jury here, Mr. Duchay. Just you and the boy's grandmother. I think it's fair to give her a chance to convince you. Ms. Walker, I'm not on trial for being a gang member or shooting an innocent man. Well, young man, if you had been burned with cigarettes and left for days by your mother, out of her mind on heroine, found starving and wet and shaken in a closet, maybe you would have joined a gang, and you would be on trial. - I don't think so. - You so sure about that? Your grandson had choices, Ms. Walker. He has to answer for those choices. He is a child. I know people want to look at black boys and see them like men. They don't get the benefit that those white boys are... Race has nothing to do with it. You said you have a nephew. If he didn't have the family you have, if he had done something terrible, would you just lock him up forever and throw away the key? Would you just give up on him? Please, he's just a boy. I'm sorry, Ms. Walker, I have another family to answer to. Your grandson acted like an adult when he killed Private Sanchez. He's going to have to answer as one. Willy? Willy? You guys mind? Where are your shoes? Okay. We have to try to convince the jury that you acted in self defense when you fired that gun. How do we do that? Well you said you carried the gun that day because Thrill to Kill threatened you on social media. Where'd you see it? I didn't see it but my boys were telling me about it. Okay, I need those pages. Otherwise, we cannot prove a prior threat. Now tell me again, what happened on the day of the shooting? So, I got shot at on the street then I ran on the bus - and them fools came after me. - Why did you have a gun? 'Cause you can't be lacking in these streets. No! "Only to protect myself." Repeat that until you say it in your sleep. What happened next? So, I got on the 37 bus, in the back. The same three fools stopped the bus and tried to hold the door open. Then one of them came at to me, so I had to do what I had to do. I let out the first shot, pop pop. Glasses fired, people was running everywhere. Willy! If you talk like that on the stand, you will be imprisoned until you die, do you understand me? Now we got a bunch of problems. You know the police, they found some of the Thrill to Kill guys but none of them had weapons. Without weapons, we have no claim of self defense. Guess what else? The prosecution, they got this photo of you, smart ass, holding a gun like you're an OG. Even worse, you shot an innocent bystander. A 25-year-old Iraq war veteran. Today's problem is you. You act like it was a first-person shooter game. You sound like you've done hard time. That shit is not going to work for you. - He smiled at me... - Who smiled at you? The soldier. The one that died on the bus. He smiled at me. People never do that. I should have just smiled back. Okay. Tell me what happened to your shoes. The truth. The big guys, they took them from me. That right there. Willy. I need this version of you every day in court. This is the version of Willy that might keep you out of prison. Okay? I'm asking you to preclude it. It's irrelevant and more prejudicial than prohibitive. It proves the defendant's gang membership and goes to show state of mind. It's a pose, let's face it, the only reason why the prosecution wants this photo in is to paint my client as a scary black boy. When the news media wanted to paint Trayvon Martin as a bad kid, they posted this picture, instead of this picture. Mr. Duchay is trying to do the same thing with the gun photo. He's trying to paint a portrait of a scary black boy, but my client was scared too. Look, I have a subpoena for the social media pages of three Thrill to Kill members who threatened Willy. If Mr. Duchay gets to put his photos in, I should be able to put theirs in too. You want to make this a trial about scary black boys, Judge, let's go. The subpoena is denied, and the gun photo is out. Moving on. Everybody's lying. Don't expect the truth until they trust you. Remember, you're the lawyer, so be confident and authoritative. - Confident and authoritative. - Manage their expectations. If you say three days of community service, and they get four, they're going to be pissed, but if you say they're going to be in jail for a month and they get those same four days, they'll think you're a champ. Lie to them about what they're going to get... Not lie. Manage. Underpromise, overdeliver. You're going to do great. Peters! Mr. Peters, I'm the attorney that's been assigned to you today. It says here that you were caught in possession of burglar tools. A lock pick? Is that what happened? I had no lock pick. Okay. You really want to go with that? Look, I get it. You don't trust her. And you think because she's a PD she sucks. But the reason that we're doing this job, we wanna be private attorneys and make some money, which means we need to build good reputations, and we do that by winning cases. So, if we think your case is a loser, we'll tell you to plea. But if we think you can win or beat them on a technicality, we'll file. You good with that? Hell yeah, I'm good with that. So what happened? So, I had the lock pick but the cops were sweeping the block. They searched me before they even asked for my name. Okay then. We'll do a Motion to Suppress. All that stuff about wanting to be a private attorney, total bullshit. I don't care how you do it, but you gotta find a way to get your clients to trust you. Especially you. You look and act just like a prosecutor. I know you have a booty call. Excuse me? I know you're getting some. What I don't know is why you haven't told a sister who it is. And what makes you think that? Oh girl, bye. You accuse me of having an "I got some" glow, you look like you swallowed the whole damn sun. - Okay, yes. I got some. - I knew it! I gave some, actually. Give me seven questions. Uh-uh, we're due in court, you get three. - He works downtown. - That's a statement, - not a yes or no. - Okay. Fine. - Is he blue collar? - No. Have I met him? - Yes. - Really? Okay. I got it. Richard Berkowitz from Park 60. Gwen, it's not B.O Berkowitz. - He's cute. - No, he's not cute. And speaking of sex, what is the deal with you and Bennet? And Charlie, who actually likes you by the way. Charlie doesn't like anyone but himself. He can never be serious, it is exhausting. And there is no comparison between him and Bennet. Okay. Well, where is Mr. Brown taking you to dinner tonight? Cap Perou. - To Cap Perou? - Yes. But it's not a date, it's just dinner. No friend of mine is taking me to Cap Perou. I heard the judge denied your subpoena. How are you going to prove the prior threat to Willy? Pinky was never going to give me that subpoena. I gave up something I was never going to get, in order to keep Willy's picture out of evidence. Besides, your girl always has a plan B. - What's plan B? - I am glad you asked. I need you take off your bra. We are going to create a fake page - using you, Cardi V, as bait. - This should be good. Now, if any of the Thrill to Kill members friend you, then we have access to the posted messages. Yeah, that's going to be a no. I don't intermingle with gangs, ever. You're going to give up the bra, sweetie? Or am I going to have to take it? Come on, do it for justice. Justice. Did I read it? Oh my God, the snort. - I forgot all about the snort. - So, did I. I haven't laughed this hard in so long. Okay. Tell me about your book. Well, it's another crime novel. Set in Brooklyn, the panorama of one city breaking down in one suburb. Because another unarmed young black man was gunned down by the police? Mm-hmm. Something like that. But I don't wanna talk about my book. I wanna talk about you. How are you, Gwen? Fill me in. Well, I have an unconstitutionally high caseload. Not a day goes by, somebody doesn't ask "How can you represent criminals?" And my clients are presumed guilty until proven innocent. - But you love it. - Damn straight. Look at you. Here I am writing about Philando Castile or Tamir Rice. But you, you're doing something about it. Respect. Thanks. Must be exhausting. I do crave eight hours of uninterrupted sleep. No, I mean mentally. You spend all day fighting for other people, You got anybody taking care of you? I got Tracy. It's not the same thing. You know, assuming that I get the okay, I plan on embedding myself into defender's association. To research my book. Which means you're gonna have to deal with me for a little while. I'll continue to make you laugh until you snort. That sounds great. So, here's to old friends reconnecting. I'll drink to that. The electric bill is due tomorrow. I got you. They're serious about shutting us off this time. Okay. So, start spilling the sweet tea. How was the date? He is a tall glass of "Yes, please." He's too good to be true. I have never heard you talk that way about a guy. I can't stop thinking about him. Bennet is a real man. He's not a scrub, he's not a boy, he's not a game, he speaks to my spirit. He asked me provocative questions that make me stop and think, I didn't want it to end. So, did y'all crazy kiss-kiss, confessed your love, and get matching tattoos? Hell no, that's some white girl shit. Desperation is not a good look, no offense. Honey, there's a difference between desperate and honest, just tell the man how you feel. He's a celebrity and he used to be my law professor. It would never work. Enough with the nevers, just tell him how you feel. Oh my God, I would rather die. Before you do that, electric bill. Robbery, robbery, come on robbery. You can take my burglary. Forget it. I hate burglars. They're sneaky. At least robbers have the balls to hold a gun to your face. Okay, how about Teddy Larsen? I just had one, darlin'. Drug sale, possession, drug sale, menace... All right, hello! Then I get your assault too. You can have my CPW too. - Deal. - Deal. Thank you. When we arrived on scene, the bus was empty. There were people lying in the street bleeding. Several of the passengers had been struck by flying glass. A male was deceased, a veteran who had just come back from overseas. And after you arrested the defendant, did he make a statement? He stated... "I heard Trigger Fiend and his set was coming for me, they shot at me, so I shot back." Did you voucher any evidence? The defendant had a 32-caliber revolver in his waist band. Mr. Walker claims that he was shot at first in the street at that location were shell casings recovered? We had reports of shots fired on the street. No casings were found. A revolver would not eject casing so it made me think - that whoever fired the shots... - Objection! - Had a revolver. - Sustained. No further questions. If Thrill to Kill had revolvers, it would be entirely possible that they shot first, right? We know that the defendant had a revolver. We know there were no casings found, so... So, whoever shot, had a revolver. But a revolver is a very common weapon, right? - Yes. - Thank you. Nothing further. My eyes must be playing tricks on me. I thought I'd find a case that plays to my strengths. And what are those exactly? Rookie's over here, trying to cherry pick. - But you and Tracy did it. - There's a difference between horse trading and cherry picking. Horse trading is collaborative, cherry picking is the worst kind of selfish. But, I just want a chance to defend the innocent. When you see one of those float by here, you let me know. Okay? Here's an indecent exposure to keep you busy. Spoiler alert: He did it. We were coming back from seeing Miguel's brother's new baby daughter. And, we got on the 37 bus. And what happened? At first, there was yelling. A bunch of boys stopped the bus. One of them was holding the door open and another one got on. I looked behind me and I saw him pull out a gun. What did you do? I screamed. Miguel was sitting next to me. I grabbed his arm and I could feel he was all tensed up. He was in go mode from his training. He stood up. And I heard a loud pop. Something soft hit me on the right side of my face. It was... It was part of his head. His head. There was blood everywhere. I grabbed him in my arms but there was nothing I could do. I have nothing further. No questions, your honor. Bye, love you. I love you guys, I'll see you soon. Oh, hi, Vanessa! And Vanessa's driver. Your entourage? This is Tracy. The one I told you about. This is Kevin and Catherine, my parents. Well, it is a pleasure to meet you both. Wow. They've gotta go. Parents. Wow. Any chance you'll keep this to yourself? What do you think? - I don't want to testify. - We have no choice. You saw the jury's reaction to the widow's testimony. The prosecution now has emotion and patriotism on their side. - But what do we have? - You. Let them know you, Willy. Let them know your story. Just drop the banger act. But what about that Duchay guy though? He's going to go after you. But that's okay because I get to come back and fix whatever he tried to break. That's called a redirect. I'm going to be with you every step of the way. You can do this. Willy, when the other boys got on the bus, what did you think? I knew they were going to kill me. How sure were you that they were coming to kill you? It was all over the net. My friends were telling me about it. They were coming for me. Then they shot at me on the street. Were you scared? Is that why you shot your gun on the bus? Yeah, I had to. You thought you were going to die. Yeah. I didn't wanna die. I'm sorry about your husband. I didn't mean for anyone to die. I just wanted to protect myself. No further questions. You had a loaded gun on you that day because you knew the guys on the bus were from a rival gang that were trying to kill you. Yes. And that's what rival gang members do right? They try to kill each other. - I never tried to kill anybody. - But you're in a war. - I guess. - In a way, you're a warrior. I mean being in a gang war is almost like being in combat, right? Yeah, it's kind of like that. I have nothing further. The People rest, Your Honor. Miss Sullivan! Gwen! Just one moment judge. - It worked! - What? Trigger Fiend, accepted my friend request. Let me see that. Thank you, Cardi V. Okay, I need you to testify. What? When? Did you recently create a social media account? Yes. And what did you do with this account? I friended Trigger Fiend from the Thrill to Kill gang. He friended me back and so did Lil Trigger, Young Trigger, Big Trigger, Trigger the Enigma and... Okay, did you have access to Trigger Fiend's full page? Yes. And a week prior to the shooting, he was making constant threats towards Willy. Could you read some samples? "Let me catch him in the street, on God, I'm a clap his little punk ass." And on the day of the shooting, "Almost got him, but the boy skated like a bitch". Thank you. Nothing further. I understand you jumped a turnstile, Mr. Dorinsky. I lost my fluro cones, it was stupid. Well, you don't have a record so they'll probably just give you an ACD. That's an adjournment and they'll dismiss it when you do a day of community service or you pay a fine. That's it? Thank God. Your Honor, the people request that the court instruct the jury on combat by agreement. Wait, what? Are you kidding? Are we teleporting back to 1789 here? If the court finds that the defendant's gang and another gang get an ongoing understanding that every time they see each other, violence will ensue, then the gun firing on the bus was a consensual fight. Much like a duel. Or a boxing match. Under the common law, a claim of self defense is therefore void. Judge, this is insane. The definition is so specific, the jury would have no other choice but to convict my client. It's an original argument, Mr. Duchay, but I will not instruct the jury that way. However, I will allow you to argue the concept in your summation. Let the jury decide whether self defense should apply. - But judge even if... - We're adjourned. Hey! There's a line! Come on! Busy! Come on, lady! Sorry, bad hotdog. Oh wait, hey ma'am. Hi. I need to talk to you about something, it's just part of my process. Could you just stand there and listen for me. So, in my case I proved the existence of threat but then they said gang war, so no self defense, so I'm screwed, right? Exactly. I need to humanize him. You guys can listen in too. It's going to help me. I need to humanize him. Explain to these jurors why a kid joined the gang. It's cause he doesn't have a dad and there's no one there to explain why not having a dad matters. Yes. Yes. I need an expert. No. no. I need a gang expert. Exactly. I need a gang expert. Thank you. You too. It takes a village. So, her parents are white-white? They're not like, Amber Rose, Steph Curry, light-skinned, vanilla latte black? Sugar, they're as white as sugar. Your honor, this is a simple fare evasion, it's a first offense. Actually, Your Honor, the people would like to dismiss the charges. Really? There's a warrant, page four of the rap sheet. Wait what? You had a first degree assault conviction fifteen years ago? - No, I didn't. - Look. These are based on your fingerprints. You tell me, this 100% isn't you and we'll fight it. Yes, yes, I had a convicted case. Skipped out on the trial, but still sentenced to ten years. I freaked out, I thought he was going to come and get me, but he never did. What does this mean? It means he's going to prison. Now. Sonya, my wife, she doesn't know. Isn't there something we can do? Your honor, we request that a reasonable bill be set while we investigate the circumstances of his sentencing and absentia. Mr. Dolinsky has been an upstanding citizen - for over 15 years. - Forget it, Mr. Rigs. He jumped bail 15 years ago. I'm not giving him the opportunity to do it again. I am executing the sentence. What? Wait, come on. - What's happening? - My wife. Excuse me. - Just wait, wait! - Just talk to my wife. - Please. - Vajir? - Sonya, I'm... - What's happening? Mrs. Dolinsky, let's talk outside. No, I'm not leaving until you tell me what's going on. Okay, then stay here, but sit down, let's talk. Sit down please. It's like legal dinner theater. How do you know this so-called expert? He's a former client and he's currently serving a life sentence on a Federal reco case. - He's not even an expert. - Oh for God's sakes, Mr. Duchay, I'm letting you argue combat by agreement. - But your honor, I mean... - Dinner theater can be entertaining. It's simple. If you're not with the 110, you're the enemy. - And 110 is 110th Street Posse? - That's right. Could you tell me what OG means? Original Gangster. That's me. That's my peoples. Teach 'em shorties right from wrong, you know? What do they get out of it? Community, protection, it's a family. So, what if someone like Willy, were to just say no? Nobody says no to me. Not in my neighborhood. We beg a shorty to join our set, you either say yes, or you run for your life. So there's really no choice? We all got choices. Will you join our set? Or you join the other. But if you do that, you're off the count. - Off the count, meaning? - Off for death. Nothing further. It'd be nice if we got to choose the world we were raised in. But we don't. So some children, are brought up in a world of abuse, pain and brutality. That's the world where Willy was raised. Yes, he joined a gang. Yes he carried a gun. Yes. He fired that gun. As a matter of personal survival. You recall the testimony, those gang members shot at him and then they hijacked a city bus, like ninjas. They were going to kill this boy. This child. To some of you, he may look like a man. He is not a man. He is a child just like your own. He is 14 years old, and a gang called "Thrill to Kill" was going to kill this child. And when it's them or you, gang or no gang, that is called self defense. And it is because Willy acted in self defense that you cannot convict him of murder. Lack of opportunity or lack of hope are not William Walker's fault. But, what is his fault, what makes Mr. Walker an unrepentant gang banger and murderer is his utter lack of personal responsibility. He's chosen the path of gang warfare. He was a willing soldier in that war. But there was a real soldier who fought in a real war. The innocent bystander the defendant shot and killed. Private First Class, Miguel Sanchez. Home all of four months and taken away from his young wife and their two-year-old daughter. Let us be clear. Once this man started carrying a loaded gun, he forfeited his right to the legal claim of self defense. It is called combat by mutual agreement. When you agree to a duel, you do not get to say, "He shot at me first." Tom. - Yeah. - Do you have a minute? Sure. I don't think this is the right place for me. I went to arraignments with Charlie and the clients I'm not good with them. And then there's something called horse trading but it's different than cherry picking, and then one of the clients got dragged to prison in front of his wife. This whole world, I don't know. Maybe I'm not cut out for this. Listen, the truth? You know it'll be really bad if you left right now. McNamara's out on disability, Martinez is about to go on maternity leave and I'm pretty sure Gilbert is not long for this world. I mean frankly, what we need is a warm body with a pulse and a JD degree, okay? You know a Bennet Thompson? Oh my God, yes. He's going to be hanging around here for a while. He's one of Chance the Rapper's favorite authors. Don't quit yet. Supreme Court, New York County, in the case of the People vs. William James Walker, on the charge of murder in the second degree, we, the jury find the defendant, not guilty. On the second count, criminal possession of a weapon in the second degree, we the jury find the defendant... guilty. Your Honor, in light of the verdict, we would request that this matter be transferred to juvenile court for sentencing. Granted. What does that mean? It means that he'll be sentenced in family court for the gun possession, it means that we won. Oh... Thank you! Thank you so much, Ms. Sullivan. You were doing God's work, Ms. Sullivan. You are blessed. Hey, isn't it Tom's birthday? Wait, I thought he was a Taurus. It was most definitely yesterday. Surprise! Thank you so much, but my birthday is next week. You always screw it up. It's a little sad. Some of you may recognize our guest, writer Bennet Thompson. And he will be shadowing us for the next few weeks for his latest project. So, try to be in your best behavior. They're all yours. God help you. Welcome. What you drinking? - Single malt? - Right answer. I can't tell if they're polishing each other's knobs or sniffing each other's asses. I just can't. Thanks, I won't be able to get that visual out of my head. Hey, you. Be a lamb and go fill the jukebox. No boy bands or Bieber. I can't tell if he's into me. My mama used to say, a friend will shoot you a warm glance as if to say "good to see you." But the devil take with a smile, that's like warm biscuits in gravy, honey. Hey, hey! Make sure you play some Blake Shelton. Next time on In Contempt. Are you out of your mind? Everybody shut up! You all remember Bennet Thompson, he is going to shadow Gwen's case. I have to protect the process. Even if it means convicting an innocent man. Does anyone care about the law around here? Call it a performance review. - She'll do great. - Not her, you. - We're losing. - It's not your fault. We need a rabbit. We sure do. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 