In Contempt: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 In Contempt 
 s1e4 - The Rules of Engagement - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 In Contempt (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Rules of Engagement - full transcript 
 In the aftermath of finding out that Bennett is engaged, Gwen defends a Frotteurist. Charlie wins an unwinnable stash and cash drug case but gets arrested. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on In Contempt... [moaning] Judge Dodson! Guys, this is Bennet Thompson. He is gonna shadow Gwen'’s case. Oh my God! Does anyone care about the law around here? Call it a performance review. - She'll do great. - Not her... You. So our case looks like a losing battle, which is unfortunate since our client is innocent. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We, the Jury, find the defendant... Not guilty. Gwen, this is Alison, my fiancée. - Hi. - Hey. [punching bag noise] Gwen, I will pay you 5000 dollars to go back to bed. How did it go with Bennet? Spin it to back? Are you the back? Last night was great. I'm great. Bennet is great. His fiancée is great. Okay, you are not making as much sense as tits on a bull. - What fiancée? - Alison! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She is beautiful, smart and with perfect teeth. So, Alison is the back. Clearly, I misread the situation. He is not into me at all. Here's a thought, go for him anyway. It'’s wrong on so many levels, Trace. - It's thirsty and it's sad. - Or it'’s bold and decisive. He ain'’t married yet. In my book, that'’s fair game. In your book, married is a fair game. Yeah, now you are learning. [music playing] [theme music playing] All right, last year, we processed 238,482 cases. We did 660 trials. But there are still 12,934 pending cases. And we have 174 cases that are over two years old. Now I know you all've been killing yourselves, but we got to keep pushing them through. - Victor. - All right, I deliberate. [laughing] And we love you forward, but you gotta do it faster. All right, any other business? I have a very possible Jury tempering. - Specifically? - My last trial. One Juror told the other Juror she overheard the defendant's lawyer very publicly say I wouldn'’t admit evidence regarding an alibi witness or an alternative suspect. And the verdict was not guilty? You want to refer her for an investigation? Your call. In a couple hours, it'’ll just make me guilty on my own word. It'’s not your word, Mike. It'’s evidence. I'’ve got an undercover that make sure this is happening. You're marked by money. Heroin in your pockets and matching bag. My mom needed her meds. She'’s got stage 4 lymphoma. And my grandma's in a wheelchair... Ah! Flag on the play. Your mom had cancer last time at operations. And your grandma passed two years ago. Okay, okay. What happens if I blow a trail? 15, max. This judge, maybe 12? I just turned 30 two weeks ago. I'’m tired, you know? I wanna walk out of here. And I want to make a change. What about a drug program? I'’ll ask again. Well, if not that, I'’m just gonna fight it. If anybody can get me that NG, it'’s you. All right. Hello, Your Honor. Keep moving, can'’t be seen with you. What were you thinking? What are you talking about, honey? They think you are tempting with the Jury. Till it gets resolved, you have to quit tonight. [music playing] People vs. Brendon Bulknis. Step up. Who is that? You have been creeping at her for like 20 minutes. Alison Bontemps. She'’s Bennet'’s fiancée. - Bennet is engaged? - Yes, and not to be. You like him? She'’s gorge... Has a strong face. They are going to this restaurant tonight. I was thinking about showing up. Is that stalkery? Sort of. But also, why do you do that to yourself? I don'’t know. I guess I just want to see what she has that I don'’t, why he chose her. Then, I can poison her. - Who'’s this, a new model? - Bennet'’s fiancée. Oh my God, I'’m sorry. I... He made me nervous. He is here to evaluate me, not you. So now just listen, remember it'’s all about your client, he may look like a creep... He is a creep. He's a subway robber. Doesn'’t matter. He is your client. So you need to drop devotion. The court room is all about the unspoken. The Jury is gonna look at the way you talk with your client. The way you look at him, the way you touch him. - I can'’t touch him. - You have to touch him. Just a soft, I can touch you on the shoulder. Something that telegraphs that you are not afraid. You know that he is a human. You can do this. Just go slow and be confident. Doc in 8788, People vs. Jordan Sambal. Step up. Thank you. The defendant robbed up against a woman on the subway, Your Honor, for the 12th time. He was on his way to the Probation Department to check in with his PO. Because he's... Guess what? - On probation. - For robbing, I suppose. The woman he robbed up against happened to be another probation officer. Oh, that'’s some bad luck, huh? It was a crowded subway. Frank Bins? Or just Frank? What? Oh my God, I'’m sorry. Frank. Nobody saw the pintos or the bock seats, Your Honor. Cute. Okay, so we've got a 12 times losing independent subway robbery. I'’m gonna give him 90 days. 90 days is a good deal, Jordan. I don'’t see you have much of defense here. But they are lying about the records. - I'll make a bail. - So, reject the offer. My client respectfully declines the offer. I don'’t know what you're thinking, counselor. But it'’s time your client realized this is the end of the line. I'll mark the court paper saying no less than 90 days and set the a bail of 10,000 dollars. Jordan, this much space between you and anyone else. From now on. You got it? If you have any urges. Call before you do anything stupid. People vs... - Did you give him your number? - No, I gave him yours. What? Tell me that is Salami Vinion'’s. Oh, I love you. Okay, so another round of 20 questions in Guessing Who Tracy Had Sex with Game? - Okay, next question? - Dopson. Where did that come from? Because you dialed out to me last night. And the things I heard him doing to you. You were nasty. Unless you disappear in front of him the courtroom, never... Be the same. More importantly, are you crazy? I was born as a pea charger. A, I don'’t know what that means. B, you know that he can disbar you, right? Honey, of course I know. Nice and through. Okay. No pizza. What'’s going on? We are coming back to this, but I'’m saving my appetites for my Bennet and Alison dinner. That Alison, eh-huh. I saw her photo. God, you can have him easy. I'’m not trying to steal her man. Then what are you doing this for? I just want to see. Why did she get bit on? I'’m the one who is doing guard'’s work here. Why am I not blessing and have the love in my life? Maybe you are. Huh? Maybe he just wants to see how bad you are. Some cases for you, ladies in cover? - You are not allowed... - Yeah, we are going to do the trail right away, Mr. Charlie. - Hey, hi, sorry to interrupt. - Hey, make yourself useful. Give this notice of actual engagement to Judge Hernandez. Wait. You are not trying to stash and cash, are you? That'’s what my client wants. Have you mentioned the little bit issue of money? Or the matching drug stash? No, that'’s not a winable case. Someone told me to plea the guy who wants a trial. Did you even bother asking for him a drug program? The Judge would never go for it and I don'’t think my guy would complete it. I just hate asking. That makes him sound guilty. Charlie, you have to get him a program. Talk to his mother. Get her to plea this case. Just say she has to go to the Bureau Chief. You know it'’s insane to roll the dice on the stash and cash. - Really? - Sorry, I stopped listening. - I'll call his mom. - Okay. You think the song comes up just to her your crowd, don't you? I'’ll do it. You wanna see some trail action? I have a big pile of in-box coming. Wait, she is shadowing me this week. I was teaching her how to connect with the... Wait... Gosh, oh, I forgot, the clients. - Is that pizza gluten-free? - What? You know what, forget about it. I can use a little. What'’s next? Hookers in a pole? All right, ladies, thank you for lunch. And thank YOU for being a teacher. No, eh-huh, no, mine. Hey, someone dropped this off. Notice of engagement for Miss Sarris. [music playing] You trial was a little late to find Jesus. Jesus walked with your client. He can'’t walk with my client? It won'’t happen until the last minute. Like the Valero case. Sorry, I have to scold him. Why do you go so hard on these drug cases? You are the guy who are back in the day or something? Look at you! Am I shrinking out or am I an amateur? He will plea if you approve a drug program. For a three-time fellow? It was suggested an earlier sentence since a long time ago. Whip a dog hard enough, he'll learn. I'’m talking about 18 months of a real residential rehab. And I'’m talking about letting him use some prison. Oh, come on! There was a record of max of 15. Kevin won'’t give more than 12. Or maybe my office will say he would be. If you don'’t like it, then you can shred the case. But don'’t come around me when your little dolphin needs some meds. You can'’t win this. So, if I were you, I wouldn'’t smile. Stay here for 11 years. Say thank you. You read me. And thank you wasn'’t what I had in my mind. This house is about to go down after you show up with the bow tie and show something to that Jury. It'’s about I mess with your case as much as I can Or I can'’t win. After the undercover officer rendered in the description of the suspect, what did you do? I ordered the back-up team to move in. I spied the Defendant 25 feet away From the guy went down. And did he match the description provided by the undercover? String hair, black jeans, black baseball cap. He also had the buying money and the stash on. Can you explain it to the Juror? Undercovers use mock money. Right down the serial numbers so we arrest someone we can see if they have the same bills. The Defendant had this monk money on. Two fives and a ten. Anything else? Different sellers stamp their glassy heroin bags With different designs. Eh... The heroin the undercover bought Was labeled "“Cop Killer" ” with two Ks and two Ps. Mr. Kyle had 12 bags of these "“Cop Killer" ” on him When he was arrested. Thank you. Have fun. That description, the one you said match so perfectly. That must be recorded by the 911 system When the undercover transmitted it. No, we used a secure channel When we undercover. So there'’s no recording about What that description really was? I wrote it down when it came over the air. How do we know that? I just testified to it. Hum, okay, you have a cell phone to take pictures, right? One with a time and location stamps on them? What'’s your point, counselor? Just want to know what time you took the picture of the buy money. There'’s no photographs. How do we know you wrote the serial numbers Before the arrest instead of after? We can'’t, counselor. I just testify under oath that we did so. Right, but I am asking some proof. Are you accusing me? Sounds like you'’re calling me a liar. I'’m asking, because how do we know you are not? Okay, let'’s move it along, guys. Did you get my client'’s fingerprint From any of the heroin glasses? - We don'’t test for that. - Right, let me guess. Except actual evidence, your testimony should be enough. Hey, my team and I are out there everyday Fighting to save your communities. Now on behalf of your community Let me say we feel much better if you show up with some actual evidence. I'’m done with you. So, tell me why you the best choice for the Supervisor? You got to teach him the fundamentals, skills, and sentimental. A Supervisor is supposed to nurse you, mentor you, patch you up when the system gets you down. I think we should have a giant white board in the office. With everyone'’s win-lost record. A giant white board... I know our clients, and I would help everyone that I supervisor become the best lawyer they could be. I'’m in your platinum category. It'’s what I was called to do. It'’s my domra as, as a UD, I'’d say. More valuable, hard to attain worth helping and worth keeping. Come on, Tom, would I be here if I was for the money? No offense, but... And seriously, you don'’t have anyone Who can trial a case better than me. And no one, and I mean no one trials a case better than me. [traffic noise] Small Tofu steak, 40 dollars. I can smell my latch brew for the price here. So, you are still having financial difficulties? No, just jokes. I'’m paying my bills, taking care of business, I'’m good. So, David is giving house to Louis. Need to talk about where he'’s going to live. It'’s up to me to take care of my son. Please allow me to do that. Okay, just you haven'’t got to see him. God know how you will feel. I mean, I keep asking you to see me in court And you haven'’t. I guess I said, Gwen, I'’ll be there when I can. Hi, Bennet, what a world! - Good to see you! - Judge, what a surprise. - Hello. - Hi. Gwen, you'’ve met Allison. Of course. Good to see you. You wanna join us? - We'’d love to. - Yeah, sure. - Why not? - Thank you. Hang on. [door locks] What are you doing here? I did hear something about me being a very BAD girl. I'’ll talk to you tomorrow. Hernandez may refer you to DA office for a jury tempering. It does sound very serious. What'’s the matter with you? You could lose your law license. God, everybody keeps saying that. Did you get any specifics? I wasn'’t in a position to probe. Is there anything you wanna tell me? Why don'’t you stop being on scaredy pants And probe this? [music playing] This is very pretty... for rabbit food. So, are you really a vegan or a B-gan? Vegan won'’t eat like anything that doesn'’t have mud like fries, pies... I'’m a real vegan, and I'’m gluten free Salt free, sugar free, I know, sounds... My God, must be driving you crazy, Mr. Burger & Fries I don'’t eat anymore. She converted me. You know, Alison, this spring rolls are not as good as yours. You make him spring rolls? I actually handmade everything. When we travel, I picked cooking basket from the locals. It'’s just a hobby, but... Stop it! Alison is starting a book about how to be a gluten-free eater. That is great. So, Gwen, what are you doing for fun? She practices boxing, so you need to be nice to her. Okay. It'’s really the best. It'’s my destresser, and it'’s a total-body workout. I mean, can we all say Botley is intelligence? My hand-brain coordination is crazy. With all the rotation and movement, my muscles are tight. [phone ringing] Jordan? No, keep your junk in your pants. Do not leave the house. I don'’t know. Put an ice pack on it. Don'’t get on the subway. I'’m not kidding. I'’m hanging up. Sorry. Wow, Bennet has been telling me about your cases. But they sound more stresses. I have a serial subway rubber. - Our father is. - A voodoo? It'’s from the French church or describe a French term. I know that. It'’s been a lot of years since I studied French and history. That'’s very impressive. Thank you. Have you got to the bottom of that Jury situation? I interview the person. She thought the verdict was twisted. Some of the Jurors were upset, too. That'’s so upset they couldn'’t reach you before the verdict. Good point. Did Tracy Campbell ever appear in front you? All the time. I have to say I have trouble believing She did that intentionally. Big, thing, though, to put up an investigation. It'’s so time-consuming. 9 for 1, focusing on new cases, thought. I'’ll drink to that. But I got the bear. That'’s the first time when I knew She would be a good lawyer because she was poor. This is the sample for Mr. Thomson and Mrs. Bantam. Ah, nice! I'’ll be honored to cater their wedding. You are engaged? How wonderful! We are very excited. Thank you. But we couldn'’t be thrilled, right, Gwen? Bennet and Alison? Cheers! [knock on the door] I know you'’d be back. What kind of heroin did you buy? It was called "“Cop Killer" ”. And do you see the man Who sold you the heroin in the court room? Right there. In the blue blazer. Thank you. That will be all. The mock money you supposedly handed over... - I did hand over. - You claim you handed over. I did hand it over. Well, you don'’t have independent proof whether the serial numbers were recorded beforehand, do you, yes or no? Yes. I had to testimony it to Sergeant Gilford. Who never documented recording serial numbers. If we had, you'’d say we didn'’t do it on video. If we did it on video you'’d say we didn'’t have a clock on the video. If we had a clock on the video... - I'’m asking the questions. - Objection, let the man finish. Officer, would you like to finish? We don'’t use cameras because ware buying real drugs from dangerous people. We used a secured line because if people find what we are doing good cops get killed. I didn'’t ask about the danger, officer. I asked whether you have any real evidence or you are just saying, "“trust me" ” to this Jury. What I'’ve got is this. That'’s the guy who sold me the heroin. Look, I get it. No matter what I bring in you are gonna find a way to say it'’s not trustworthy. I understand that, it'’s your job. But that don'’t mean your man... Ain'’t a drug dealer. - How did it go last night? - Alison is such a bitch. And by "“bitch" ”, I mean smart. And Bennet likes it like a damn. Honestly, I cannot even blame Bennet. She is the truth. Oh my God. You need the V-thing. Is that the biological thing? Yes, like a throne thing goes into your lady part. It balances your hormones. It gets your depression released. And it will help you get Bennet. I read about it on Goop. But it has been posted for long. Poor girl, so you need a... Are you kidding me? Seriously, Jordan, you got picked up again? I thought I told you to put an ice pack on it. I'’m sorry. I'’m not your client. Please, you are one of the most distinctive dudes I'’ve ever met. I'’m not Jordan. I am his twin, Gordan. You stay right here. You stay right here. Can I see the paper for that guy, please? Oh man, is that Jordan or Gordan? Because I never can tell. Excuse me, you were talking to my client? Can we step outside for a minute? They are offering him a year. We tried to get our client take 90 days. They offered you 90 days? Damn! I would have taken that. Oh my God! Seriously? Oh, come on. I can'’t believe they are both rubbers. What are the chances-... Let'’s join forces. I have an idea. Are you in my office? It'’s kind of nice in here. Comfortable. - Good for... - Nah. Not gonna happen. That'’s not what you said last night. Why are you staying in a messy closet? Just trying to get my mind together. You were always in here. I thought it might help. Don'’t tell me Charles is nervous. I might have messed up. I got demolished by the undercover. I should have listened to you and put him in a drug program. [music playing] Please, my body is in tempo. I pumped my ass, tell Sean to get to me. Now, I might have blown it. I had a hooker client once. She got hit with promoting prostitution. I was so armed. I just knew I could get the charges drop Because the cop didn'’t get her picture When he got a blow job from her. The pack fired. She ended up getting two years. - You know what really sucks? - What? We go home, they go to prison. You want my advice? Why else why I was in this damn closet? Go to Sean. Put aside your gigantic, humongous, evil ego. - Swallow your pride... - No, no way. I lay down before Sean, now He will own me. I'’ll be his bitch forever. It means no leverage for any future clients. PD 101. You fight for your clients As if he is your only client. Street 101. Do bite your ass. He will always bite your ass. You are not on the street anymore. You seriously think I should just bend over in front of Sean. I think that you are man enough Not let your client suffer from your arrogance. Despite a learning moment for you. And mostly, I think not everything between you and Sean Has to have homo tones. Excuse me, Miss Sullivan. James Marks. The office sent me for your brother, David. Is there something wrong? Your father, he declined a service of approved residence from David. David suggest I contact you. Apparently, there'’s sort of miscommunication Between my father and me. Can we get back to you? We can'’t help your brother without an approved residence. We'’ll wait for your call. Dad, I just got ambush by an officer on the road. Did you change your mind about David? What'’s going on? Call me back. Sean! Oh, waiting for another round, big time! Can'’t we talk some sense? Oh, I also thought so. I may have allowed our prior history clawed my judgment. Make me a reasonable offer. I will take it to my client. Only if you tell me how it feels When you have a pathetic adequacy. All right. Let'’s see, the maximum was 15. I offered the Jury 11 before. If you ask me really nicely, I can give him 14. Ask me, really nicely. Okay. Please. Really nicely humbly asking for the sake of my client For you to kiss my ass. Call your next witness. Try to relax. Relax body. Send your Virginia right over the steam. Hey, hey, hey! You have to just let it get up here. The hot water has solvia, rosemary Oregon, wood... Very good for deoxidation of the uterus. I'’m sorry. Is she trying to say my cuchi is toxic? 20 minutes. How come Tracy doesn'’t like me? Well, I have to guess. And this is her, not me. She thinks you are too soft. Too entitled, too naive. And your hair... She said something about my hair? No, that was mean, girl. You don'’t look like a black like a real one in the hood. Is this supposed to itch? Because it did. Just the steam doing its job. No, this really is itchy. Excuse me, SPA lady? Hello, mam! Hi! Could you...? There is a... A certain amount of itching irritation happening here. Possible you are allergic to herbs? Tell me you didn'’t say sage. Is there sage in here? That is another word for "“sage" ”. No, no, no. I am allergic to that! You have to say that. You have to say English word for stuff. - I'’m sorry. - I'’m allergenic to sage. You can'’t do that. That'’s why... Oh my God! Talked to Hernandez. Thank me for saving your ass. I didn'’t ask for savior, just occasional hook-up. Jesus, Tracy! You came this close To be referred to DA Office for an investigation. It could have ended your career. It was all just blown out of proportion. You can'’t admit what you did, can you? Admit what exactly? I saw you. I was there. You were temping with a Jury. What you saw was me saving an innocent man From an unjustified conviction shut up his ass. It was unethical and illegal. Said a man that cheats on his wife. That'’s not the same thing. What I did. It might be illegal, but it'’s not immoral. Whereas you screwing me, it might be technically illegal But it'’s immoral and wildly unethical. So why don'’t you spare the lecture? I presume that the Defense Stipulating to the chemist'’s testimony? Actually no, Your Honor. Oh, come on! Mr. Riggs, are you seriously forcing him To put the chemist on the stand? Because if you are I have too many cases for you to engage exercise. The law says Prosecution has to prove Every element of the defense charged. They said the stuff was heroin. Let him put on the chemist to prove it. This is against the game. The Defense is trying to stall. Is there any real chance the substance in this case was not heroin? I don'’t know. Not my burden. You say you can prove the case, prove it. Call the witness. You'’ve been a chemist for how long? Nine years. So you are pretty good at recognizing heroin. I'’m familiar with it, I guess. But even I'’m most positive that something is heroin I still test it. Right, can you explain what you do to it? Before I testify, I do a serious of tests To prove the substance is a prohibiting narcotic. You do tests to confirm your suspicion. As I said. Because as a scientist, you never accept Someone takes your word for something if you haven'’t shown your work. Of course not. How many tests do you do on a substance Before declaring it to be heroin? Five in total. Three reagent tests Micro test, and a GC confirm. And you document each one? Yes. We keep contemporaneous records. How would we know? Is there a way to verify your claim? The computer time stamps everything. We dictate our notes as we go. We always show our work. We test the substance before we testify to something. Because you'’d never just come to the court And say, "“trust me, I am a scientist"”. You never expect the Jury to take your word on something If you hadn'’t showed your work, would you? No, I wouldn'’t. Impressive. Thank you for bringing us real evidence. - What'’s wrong? - Nothing. So, what happened last night? It was painful. A sore after the man. And I slept with Charlie. Wait, you slept with Charlie? I thought you like Bennet. Yeah, so did I. Wait, why do I smell rosemary and oregano? Because Venessa took me to get a vesting. And broke my virgoinx. Christ on a cracker! I'’m so confused. I took her for a SPA treatment to cleanser her. Why wasn'’t I invited to the cuchi cleanser? Tracy we were sitting on a box With muds and steaming up to our lady parts. I made an executive decision that You and your cuchi would not have fun. - Good decision. - You are welcome. Thank you. I don'’t understand the plan here. Why are we working so hard for these rubbing twins? Of course, you don'’t. Shouldn'’t they do some jail time. For rubbing against women on the subway? I don'’t know, Venessa. Should we lock up a bulk of alcoholics, too? Hey, Jordan, it'’s Gwen. I need you to round up Gordan and call me back. We need a brutally honest conversation. About your sexual proclivities. And we need to do some shopping. Bye. I need you to put on a pant suit. Hey, why do I smell the weeds growing in the empty yard I was playing baseball in it when I was a kid? [laughing] [music playing] - I called you three times. - Come in. Most daughters when they see their father calling... Most fathers would take their sons After they have been incarcerated. What happened, Dad? You need to get yourself some groceries. And for God'’s sake, you need to leave that flame bottle alone That stuff will kill you. Dad, did you come in to talk to me about groceries? I thought that I could make peace with David'’s actions in his circumstance, but I cannot. I gave two of you the best of everything. Clearly, that'’s not enough. There'’s nothing else I am willing to give to your brother. How am I supposed to take him in? He is not your responsibility, either. You need to focus on yourself. Make better choices. I might be old, but I am not blind. I saw that you have feelings for Bennet. So did Alison. You need to find your own man. Dad, decent black men are hard to come by. That'’s an excuse. You spent all of your time with your clients. You haven'’t got time to getting out. That'’s no way to live. That is no way... That'’s no way for my daughter to live. Quit job, abandon brother, find love. Got it! Thanks, Dad! Terrific advice! How old were you when you start getting the urge to rub on woman? - Eleven. - Eleven. Do you have a preferred venue for your activity? - I prefer the subway. - The subway. Do you like blonds, brunettes? Dark brunettes, we both do. Oh, come on. How about woman in pants suits? Yeah, I kind of seek for pants suits. Me, too, and I like women with clear waists. - Like mine? - Yeah. Your Honor, this is ridiculous. Counselor, what'’s your point? Would you both stand up? [everyone laughs] Your Honor, both of these men suffer from frotteurism. It'’s a recognized psychiatric disorder. And it has a genetic component. I mean, look at them, they are twins. And they have the exactly same puerilities. They are both "“activated" ” by my college Vanessa. This is ridiculous. They are both sexual predators. The condition'’s apparently admissible to a treatment. There is a residential program that could help them. Yeah, it'’s called the New York Prison System. You want me to send serious rubbers To a rubbing program. It will be far more likely to avoid future offences. And besides, locking them up for genetic disorder That'’s like punishing them for how they were made. How much a chance can they control their urges? Or send them records. - They will get the message. - Enough. Sit down. Counselors, men like these are discourages of the subway. But I also have conscious of the limits of our prison system. Let'’s hope this program works. Because if it doesn'’t, you are both going to jail. There was a time when a police officer walked in a court room and deserved credibility. In the days of antimir arise When the people can online stream Cops getting down children on Facebook When the screams of "“I can'’t breathe!"” Can still echoing in the air. Police just don'’t deserve that special treatment anymore. Michael Brown, Freddy Gray and a thousand of the names. Proved beyond any doubt that the word of an officer can no longer justify to give away a man'’s life to the criminal justice system. Only the chemist showed up in this case with real evidence. Everything else was just a whole bunch of cops. Saying because I said so. They had no proof they wrote down the serial number before they found the money. They had no proof they ever radioed the description. Cause "“I said so" ” is not enough. And if it'’s not enough you cannot possibly find this man guilty. Thank you. The defense lawyer talked about the antimir arises as if there is anything to do this man a drug dealer. His argument preys on your ignorance. He bet on your inability to tell the difference Between a bad shooting and a good evidence. In this case, the undercover bought drugs from Mike. He identified him. And when they arrested him They found the buy money and the drugs on him. It'’s that simple. You are angry about Garden. I am, too. But you do not let a guilty drug dealer walk Because a crafty defense lawyer got you around about the police impartiality. No. You are smarter than that. On more round, drinks on me. Tabs pretty high already, Gwen. Listen, honey, one more round of drink on Vanessa. All right, all right. Hey, hey, that guy at the end of bar there. - The cute, With the bow tie. - Who? No, no, no, no. That's the crips and bloods. He's forbidden fruit. Seriously? There is no super-hot exception? Listen to me he is the enemy. Vanessa, how was your day of sexual deviance? Well, I'’ve never in my wildest dreams would I've imagine I feel good about getting a rubber off. I got it. They obviously have compulsion. They can'’t help themselves. The question is whether you can feel good walking a client if he could help it. Who wins the honorable case? - What'’s my name? - Ah! Impressive! Not to rain on your parade, but Vanessa and I got the rubber twins, wait for it, into a program! You got a program for Harvey and Pervy? What's our names? In honor of your minor accomplishment drinks on me. Except you never carry your wallet. And mess up the line of this suit? Please! No, no, no, no. Not this time. You be a gentleman and you pony up. - I'’m gonna get my wallet. - Thank you. Step away from the vehicle. I said, step away the vehicle! Since when I am against the law to admire a car? Put your hands in the air. - Do it! - It's here and now. Are you kidding me? Come on, bro. Don't look at him. You're dealing with me. Just relax, man. You need to learn to do as you're told. I didn'’t do nothing, man. I didn'’t do anything, get off me! I didn'’t do anything. That'’s for talking back. You are under arrest for obstructing a police officer. Disorder and conduct, resisting arrest. Bullshit! You can'’t do this! Watch your head. I want to know what I did. What code did I break? What law did I break right here? Other than looking at a damn car... Next time on In Contempt... Press down. You did it nice and black. You can't do a stripsearch. I'’m a lawyer. And my son is a black boy in America born with two strikes against him. The Defense respectfully moves you recuse yourself. On what grounds? You've never lived in the hood... You have no idea what I know or don'’t know, Gwen. Post-bail, a plea-guilty. - I get cases to move here. - No, wait! I will lose my job. I work for the money, I work for the man. I do my job. Because nobody gives a damn about black people. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 