In Contempt: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 In Contempt 
 s1e6 - Banned - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 In Contempt (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Banned - full transcript 
 Gwen uses an extra-judicial strategy to outwit an overzealous judge. Bennett invites Gwen to his wedding shower, where she discovers Bennett's true feelings about her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "In Contempt"... What is the deal with you and Bennet? And Charlie? Who actually likes you, by the way. Charlie doesn'’t like anyone but himself. He can never be serious, it is exhausting. Charlie, you have to get him a program! Talk to his mother, get her to plead his case! You know it'’s insane to roll the dice on this dash and cash. Really? Sorry, I stopped listening at call his mommy. I know you'’re sleeping with my husband. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Frankly, he'’s done better. I would think long and hard before asking me to recuse myself. Yup. Thought about it. We still want you to step down. You recused Blackburn even though I explicitly told you not to and you lost! I just want a chance to defend the innocent. When you see one of those walk by here, you let me know. Does anyone care about the law around here? If you don'’t step back, you'll be spending the night in jail. Bennet is a real man. He'’s not a scrub, he's not a boy, he'’s not a game. Just tell him how you feel. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Gwen, this is Alison, my fiancée. Step away from the vehicle. Hands behind your head. I didn'’t do nothing, man! Get off of me! You should'’ve seen the way he looked at me. Like I was garbage. ♪ Hey, yeah, shout-out To my road dawg ♪ ♪ I'm straight up With this one boy I know of ♪ Who the hell is Greta Constantine? And why does her jacket cost as much as an iPhone? Well, she is a black guy and an Asian dude. I'’m so confused. That'’s from last year'’s collection. I got it on sale. Damn! You don'’t ever got to shop no more. You got fresh tags, new purses, new shoes... - Your closet is a store! - Get out of my closet. What'’s up with you not opening your mail and all? Hey! Monthly bills. To maintain my self-esteem, I open the ones I can'’t pay last. Ah! Live like a superstar on a reality star'’s budget. You need an intervention in here? Hey, do you want to be my date to a wedding shower? It'’s Bennet and his fiancée, Alison. - Uh, thanks but I'’ll pass. - Come on, why not? '‘Cause you always say we'’re friends with benefits. And this feels more like an obligation than a benefit. - Fine. Forget I asked. - You know what? OK. Maybe she might have some fine friends. I suppose I can do you a solid. Thanks. Well, them benefits, this time. - No, stop! - Good morning! [phone ringing] Saved by the bell! Oh shit, it'’s Tom! Blackburn wants to see me in her courtroom now. What did you do this time? ♪ And I know how to get there, don't follow me ♪ Judge, whatever it is, it wasn'’t calendared. I didn'’t know I was supposed to appear in front of you today. This isn'’t about you, Ms. Sullivan. Meet Juror no. 5. I called for you because he needs a public defender. And he needs a public defender because I am about to hold him in contempt of court and I don'’t want anyone to think that he didn'’t have the loudest defense. Appreciate your vote of confidence, Judge. Let'’s just say the past is the past, and I, for one, - can let it go. - That'’s beautiful. Now, can I have a moment with my client to speak to him - and find out what happened? - I'’ll explain what happened. Juror no. 5 has a felony conviction. Do you know what you cannot do if you have a felony conviction? - Sit on a jury. - Precisely, and yet, somehow, Juror no. 5 managed to get himself seated on my jury. I had to declare a mistrial because of him. - What'’s his name? - Excuse me? Well, you keep referring to him as Juror no. 5. I'’m just wondering what his actual name is. [sigh] Anthony Henry. He has disrupted the proceedings of this court, and I intend to hold him in contempt. Something that you are quite familiar with. I'’m also directing the DA'’s office to conduct a perjury investigation. Contempt and perjury, that'’s... like going after him twice for the same conduct, or alleged conduct. When he lied, he committed an offence against me and the good people of the State of New York. And lying during pro forma questioning and on his juror questionnaire would technically be perjury. Kiss-ass. Ms. Sullivan, let me make something clear. When I said I wanted Mr. Henry to have the loudest defense, that wasn'’t a compliment. ♪ I ain'’t never gonna Let '’em see me down ♪ ♪ Promise I won'’t let'’ em break me down ♪ We were deadlocked. And the judge kept saying "“keep trying" ”, right? It got a little crazy in the jury room. Then I said, that I didn'’t think that anybody should go to jail for a crime that wasn'’t violent. Woo! All hell broke loose. Okay, because a fellow juror complained, the judge got upset. Did some investigating, and found your felony. Felony? I ain'’t got no felony. I picked up a marijuana charge a while back, but I didn't go to jail or nothing. Even though you didn'’t go to jail, your possession case - was a felony. - It was? That was a lot of weed. Yeah, I know. My wife keeps saying I need to cut back. It says here you bounced a check for 356$ to a debt collection agency. They bought by $5,000 credit card debt and they have been coming after me for like a year now. They'’re calling me 247. They even garnish my wages. Look, I am trying to pay, but I'’m struggling. This wasn'’t your first bad check. Fifteen years ago, I got caught up with this bad guy, and he was doing a check kiting scheme, and I was helping him. But I haven'’t done anything like that for 15 years. I have three kids. I have a job. I know it looks bad, but I swear I did not know. I mean, I thought that my paycheck would clear. It usually clears every Friday. So, why are they pressing charges? My friend told me I didn'’t have to talk to them on the phone, but when I told them that, they got really mad. So, I don'’t know, maybe that'’s why? Okay. I'’ll talk to the prosecutor. Look, Anthony, I know this whole thing seems crazy, but perjury is a serious crime. It'’s class D felony. Up to seven years in prison. I didn'’t want to be on no jury or nothing. I got the summons. I figured I better show up or they'’re going to drop a warrant on me or something. Any other judge would have just excused you from the jury and put in an alternate, but Blackburn'’s pretty hardcore. [sighing] Okay so, what are we going to do? Well, first I'’m going to kiss Blackburn'’s ring. We'’ll tell her that no one was trying to disrespect her court. - Then maybe she'’ll drop it. - Let'’s hope. - Should I call my wife, or...? - No. I think it'’ll be fine. I'’ll see you in there. What are you still doing here? Go home. I'’ll tell Blackburn I gave the case to Tracy. Forget it. She'’s trying to hammer a guy who was just doing his civic duty. I want to be the one to stop her. And don'’t you think your history with Blackburn is precisely why Tracy should take the case? Nuh-uh, no, it'’s mine. Our history together is precisely why I got this. Mr. Hammond. Lottie Cox. The bad check. Thirty days. - In jail? - Uh-huh. - That seems like a lot. - Then $1,000 bail. - For a bad check? - She has a record. - That was 15 years ago! - Aw, let me guess. You want community service and we all sing Kumbaya? People vs. Brenda McGuiness. Step up! I'’ve had the opportunity to consult with Mr. Henry and do some investigating, Judge. And I think this is all just a misunderstanding. Mr. Henry had no agenda, or motive or intent to mislead the court. He really responded to a jury summons. And lied. We ask 50 questions explicitly to weed out people who have been incarcerated. Oh, Your Honor, Mr. Henry has never been incarcerated. He didn'’t even know he plead guilty to a felony! He understood what was going on and he tried to undermine the workings of the judicial system. He said as much when he told his fellow jurors that no one should be incarcerated for a non-violent crime. I think that was just his opinion, Your Honor. I don'’t think that that'’s evidence that he was trying to subvert the process. It doesn'’t make any sense that he would go to such lengths to screw up a trial. Are you implying, Ms. Sullivan, that this court - doesn'’t make any sense? - No, not at all. I order the both of you to be ready to proceed on the contempt charge this afternoon. Mr. Patel, I except you will have completed your perjury investigation by then. I will do my best, Your Honor. If you bring perjury charges against him, in addition to the contempt, it'’s going to look like you'’re punishing a juror for wanting to acquit. Gwen, I don'’t have a choice, alright? She already called my supervisor. You don'’t have evidence of intent. And a jury'’s never going to convict him. Just tell her you investigated and you don'’t think - you can make out the perjury. - And have her come after me? Oh my God, how do I actually have bigger balls than you? I'’m sorry. Look, just tell Blackburn you need more time. That you'’ll convene a Grand Jury. It'’s not fair to do a hearing on the contempt this quickly, never mind the trial on perjury! Come on. It'’s the right thing to do. Hammond wants 30 days on a misdemeanor bad check. Oh, please! Old Hammie knows I'’ll never go for that. So, what should we do? - What did you say? - She only has one prior. Sorry, baby. I'’ll be right back. Gotta make myself scarce for a minute. The prosecutor is offering 30 days. In jail?! I have three kids and a mother at home. Thirty days I don'’t work are thirty days they don'’t eat. You don'’t have any vacation days? No. And what about bail? The prosecution is asking for 1,000 dollars. How am I supposed to afford that when I can'’t even afford - to pay the collection agency? - I know. But the judge is not gonna let you out. I think the offer is high. I think we can put the case off until tomorrow and get a better deal from the next prosecutor. - And what happens if we can'’t? - I think we can. ♪ I got this rhythm in my bones This beat in my head ♪ ♪ These lyrics in my veins That manifest in my pen ♪ ♪ Dance in my feet Punctuation in my hips ♪ ♪ Passion in my mouth Escaping when I spit ♪ ♪ Acoustics in my lungs There'’s reverb in my throat ♪ ♪ I got this harmony in my eyes That you see in all I grow ♪ ♪ Soul of a warrior Strength of a queen... ♪ Gwen! ♪ Dedication of a martyr Initiation of a star ♪ ♪ Get right to the heart of All that I am part of ♪ Hey! Jesus, Bennet, don'’t scare me like that! Sorry, I'’ve been calling your name. I don'’t even know if I want you in my room. I heard you were cavorting with the enemy. Well, actually, to be fair, they don'’t seem all that bad. I'’m not listening to you '‘cause you drank the juice! - Tracy told me about your case. - Ugh. I do not know why I try to be civil with Judge Blackburn. She has all the compassion of a pit viper. You think she'’d screw your client just to get back at you. I think she is determined to hammer Mr. Henry. Her personally asking me to represent him just gives her a cover, since everyone knows I moved to recuse her from my case. Punishing me is just icing on her crazy cake. - Hi! - Hi! Um, okay. What'’s a good dispo on a bad check under 500$? - Any priors? - Just one. I was thinking ten days'’ community service. For bouncing a check? Bad check statutes make it a crime to be poor. Bounce too many and you'’re guilty. The DA doesn'’t even need to prove intent to defraud. You know, I never actually bounced a check? That is '‘cause you'’re rich and you probably have - overdraft protection. - That'’s true. My parents were crazy strict about being financially responsible. Ten days'’ community service sounds about right, Vanessa. - Is that all? - What? - You need anything else? - Oh, no! Thanks. Bye! So. What are you going to do about your case? I don'’t know. There'’s no jury on a contempt charge and it'’s pretty clear Blackburn'’s already made up her mind. There'’s got to be something she'’s afraid of. Judges are only afraid of two things: a reversal on an appeal and bad press. And, as the saying goes, no judge ever made the front page by being too hard on crime. I think I know that look. A story about a juror spending time in jail because he doesn'’t know a misdemeanor from a felony. - You'’re calling a reporter? - Yeah. I freelance for The Examiner! Let me make a few phone calls and I'’ll meet you at the hearing. - Okay. - Hey, by the way, you'’re still coming to the wedding shower, right? Of course. I'’m bringing Charlie. - Charlie from the office? - Yeah, we'’re friends. - The more the merrier, right? - Right. ♪ Let time follow you In your pursuit of happiness ♪ ♪ You'’re never gonna get ♪ ♪ Never gonna get what you'’re Never gonna look for ♪ So this is the case from yesterday? Yes. I put it over so we could get a better deal. - Gwen said community service. - Sounds right. Campbell! Judge Dawson wants to see you ASAP. Sorry, Bambi. Business elsewhere. You got this. Be strong. Have a backbone. Fight like those Prada'’s depend on it. I know you have been texting me, but I have been so busy that... You have been ignoring me all week. I have been busy and I'’m in court now, so I'’m gonna have to push our nooner. I heard what happened at the gala. Oh, please, I could not give a sweet damn about your wife. - Are you upset? - Why would I be? - I'’m not married to her. - I'’m cheating on her with you. Well, if you'’re so worried about it, stop cheating. So, Ms. Milltown, the bad check case? - Ninety days. - Ninety days? Hammond offered me 30 days yesterday. Well, that was his stupidity. And that was yesterday. Just because I'’m new does not mean that - you can take advantage of me. - Maybe because you'’re new you don'’t know that a third offence equals a felony. Statutory minimum is one and a half to three. So, 90 days is a gift. I know the law. My client only has one prior. - From 15 years ago. - Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no. She'’s got two. The last one was six months ago. Oh my God, I didn'’t see it! It was under a staple! Look, the best I can do is 80 days. Can'’t you just re-offer the 30 days? It was my fault. Don'’t mistake my generosity for weakness. She'’s a thief. 80 days. Take it or leave it. Docket no. 456, The People vs. Lottie Cox. Step up. Counselor. No cell phones in the courtroom. What'’s going on? - Your Honor, may we approach? - Problem? I made a horrible mistake. I didn'’t see my client'’s second prior, so I rejected the People'’s previous offer of 30 days, and now they'’re offering 80 days. And what would you like me to do? You can give her the 30 days. Mrs. Cox should not pay for my mistake. Counselor, 80 days is more than fair for someone with three offences. Your Honor, it was a debt collection agency. She was paying them back. She thought her paycheck had cleared. Oh, please! She'’s got a history and plenty of poor people don'’t bounce checks over and over. Sorry, Counselor. The offer is 80 days. What? Yesterday it was only 30. You didn'’t tell me that you were arrested a few months ago. But it'’s the same company! I told you, they keep coming after me! Can we do a trial? I mean, that way I can explain how it happened. Unless we can prove that the check didn'’t actually bounce, there is no defense. The fact that you didn'’t mean for it to bounce doesn'’t actually help. Counselor, 80 days! Yes, or no? Your Honor, please, a moment? You turn this down, it only gets worse. Your Honor, please. I don'’t understand. I work really hard, I feed my kids. I didn'’t... Ms. Cox, talk to your lawyer, not to me. - [whispers] I'’m sorry. - Take the 80 days. I can'’t. Oh my God, why won'’t you listen to me? Tomorrow it could be two years. - Two years?! - Please. - Take the plea. - Oh, my God! Mr. Patel, have you concluded your perjury investigation? Um, not at this time. I know Your Honor would want me to be thorough, so our office is considering bringing the matter - before a Grand Jury. - Fine. Are you ready on the contempt, Ms. Sullivan? - Yes, Your Honor. - Alright, you may proceed. Your Honor, our evidence will show that Mr. Henry'’s only crime was to obey a jury summons. To hold him in contempt would be to penalize an innocent man for fulfilling a civic responsibility, unlike most people, who shirk jury service with every excuse in the book. Mr. Henry stepped up. To penalize him for that would be to make him a second-class citizen. Excuse me. Who are you? Yeah, you. With the busy hands. Oh. I'’m Bennet Thomson, Your Honor. What'’s your purpose here today? I'’m covering this case for The New York Examiner, Your Honor. Yes, my client had a marijuana conviction in his past, but how many times must he pay for that same crime? Every time he applies for a job or housing and has to check - the conviction box... - That'’s enough, Counselor. - Your Honor? - That'’s enough for today. I am continuing these proceedings until Mr. Patel can bring the perjury charge to a Grand Jury. Thank you. - What just happened? - You happened. Now maybe she'’ll calm down off of the contempt, I have more time to prepare and I can lobby the DA'’s office. - So, thank you. - No, thank you. You know, watching you work is like having a front-row seat to an all-star game. [music playing] - He said what? - Uh-huh. You need to tell that man how you feel before it'’s too late. And you need to tell me you'’re not doing the thing that I know you'’re still doing with a man who shall remain nameless. He'’s not Voldemort. Then why didn't you tell me about him. Here I am spilling my guts about the one who got away, and my bestie is having an affair and not telling me a damn thing about it. - It doesn'’t mean anything. - Bullshit! - You'’re bullshitting. - Where were you? Calm down, Bambi. Why so dramatic? That bad check case, she got 80 days. - Christ on a cracker, how? - I screwed up. I didn'’t know she had two priors. What do you mean you didn'’t know? There was a second one under a staple. I told her to turn down 30 days. I thought you were supervising her. I had to step out! Jesus, Bambi, toughen up. - Stop calling me Bambi! - Okay, listen. We all make mistakes. I just don'’t want to end up talking to myself in a closet - like some weirdo. No offense. - None taken. Is there any way that I can fix this? Some things can'’t be fixed. You just learn to deal and you move on. You guys keep saying this, but it'’s not getting any better. It'’s getting worse. Okay, you want me to show you what really helps? - Yes. - You want to join? Honey, you know I don'’t hit people. ♪ I go hard, I don't quit I just win ♪ ♪ I gotta get it grinding I'm shining ♪ I'’m guessing there'’s no Zumba classes. No. No Jacuzzi, no spa. Are we really going to hit each other? Just the bag. Baby steps. Okay, how do you do that? Years of Bikram yoga. You should try it sometime. Hot yoga, vagi-steam, hot sauna... You know, you need to stop paying for hot shit. You need to move your body. Throw a few jabs, take a few hits. - What? - I'’m not used to this. You know, boxing didn'’t come naturally to me, either. Actually, I got the bug from my dad. We used to watch bouts when I was a little girl... No, I mean the way I grew up. I'’m not used to being around a lot of... people like us. - People like us? - You know, African-Americans. Girl, you know you can say black people, right? I grew up in Darien, Connecticut. I'’m used to being the only black person in the room. I know how to be that person. But our job, even being here, I... Usually I feel like I'’m too black, but lately I'’ve been feeling like I'’m not black enough. You know, it wasn'’t until I was out of law school that I actually stopped trying to fit in, and said to hell with who my parents and everyone else thought I should be. And you know what? I actually started to love my unpredictable, stubborn, workaholic, junk food-eating ass. How '‘bout you try just being Vanessa? Personally, I think you'’ll find she'’s pretty dope. Dope is usually not the first word people use to describe me. Well, that is because most of your friends are probably corny. Come on. Time to show these boys how the big girls fight. "“The New Jim Crow Alive & Well In New York? When Anthony Henry plead guilty to felony marijuana possession in exchange for probation, he began his descent into second-class citizenship"”. I'’ve been saying that for years. "“Anthony'’s felony conviction prevents him from sitting on a jury and, in many states, voting"”. - 63,000 views! - No! Here'’s where you bring it home, though: "“With one in three black men crossing paths with the criminal justice system at some point in their lives, this second class is growing and undoing many of the gains of the Civil Rights movement. If you act in violation of this new Jim Crow, you suffer. This Anthony discovered when he responded to a jury summons"”. Ooh, Tom is going to love this! The practice of jailing jurors who lobby to acquit might have a chilling effect on the jury room. Is Ms. Sullivan accusing Judge Blackburn of intentionally intimidating a juror? Your Honor, this piece wasn'’t written by Ms. Sullivan. This may not be her byline, but it sounds exactly like her. Did you guys check out some of these comments? Listen: "“Judge Blackburn'’s a witch with a heart of stone... With teats as shriveled as walnuts"”. You can'’t possibly be holding us responsible for anonymous comments on an article we didn'’t write. Look, Tom, you protect yours. I protect mine. Which means your office is about to seriously regret using the press to try and strong-arm one of my judges. - So we good on the continuance? - Two weeks? That'’s fine. Judge, the People consent to our request for a two-week continuance. Sorry, I'’m sending you out for trial. The People have their offices here. Your Honor, Mr. Kasden isn'’t available. - He'’s engaged in trial. - Too bad. Get someone else over here to try it. - Jury 5. Next case. - Docket ending 845, People vs. Linda Curran. Step up. This case is up for a Huntley Hearing, Your Honor. Ms. Feynman is out sick and requests a two-day continuance. You can do the hearing, Counselor. I'’m not familiar with the case! So many excuses today. Here you go. Your coffee, piping hot. Thanks. Listen, your case is last on the docket. If I try to move it up, I'’ll get my head chewed off. Come on, are you serious? - That Examiner article? The judges are on a war path. I wish I could help. Oh, also, the clerk in arraignments has a client asking for you. He was arrested for marijuana possession last night. Anthony! I'’m already out on a limb for you! It was one joint. It was stupid. And guess who has a copy of your article with him on the bench? Docket ending 772 The People vs. Anthony Henry. Step up. Well, well. Is that the Anthony Henry? Judge, may we approach? Looks like it'’s duck-hunting season on you guys right now. Give it a rest, Patel. Judge, I'’m going to ask that you ROR my client. Ms. Sullivan, there'’s no way in God'’s holy creation - I'’m doing that. - As I'’m sure you are aware, he has a matter in front of Judge Blackburn. Oh, I'’m aware. The whole building'’s aware. The People are offering 90 days on the new drug case. - 90 days? - I'’ll set $2,500 bail. - On a weed case? - It'’s a very serious charge. Okay, 90 days to cover the marijuana and the perjury. We haven'’t voted on the perjury yet. You walk into Blackburn'’s courtroom with a guilty plea on the perjury, she is completely validated. Alright. But there'’s nothing I can do on the contempt charge. That is between you and the Judge. Good morning. In light of Mr. Henry'’s guilty plea to the perjury charge in this case, I will dismiss the contempt of court charge. He has taken responsibility for his actions, and the court is satisfied. - Thank you, Your Honor. - That being said, Ms. Sullivan, your behavior in this case has been unpardonable. - Your Honor, how is that? - Uh-uh! You have a duty to defend your client, but, first, you are an officer of this court and you must operate effectively within the judicial system. Instead, you conspired to expose this court to ridicule and mistrust. For that reason, you are hereby banned from ever appearing before or practicing law in front of me again. Your Honor... I appreciate the fact that you acknowledge that in light of all that has transpired between us, you cannot be fair to either me or my client. - Oh no, actually... - No, truly! - Ms. Sullivan, that is not... - That you can be bigger woman and admit your bias is truly exceptional. So let me commend and thank you. We are adjourned. - Anthony, I am so sorry. - It'’s not your fault. Is there an official document banning you, or something? I don'’t think so, why? '‘Cause I think I would like a copy for inspiration as I write the first Veronica Sullivan novel. Veronica? Is that her name? Yeah. It means "“She who brings victory" ”. Except I didn'’t win. I lost. You fought for your client like a mother-bear. - And that'’s what counts. - Thank you. I should'’ve never answered that jury summons. You did the right thing. Going'’ to jail, for doing what'’s right. - It'’s crazy. - I know it is. ♪ Faces I love ♪ ♪ Craving for some feeling ♪ ♪ Game'’s up ♪ Look, I know this office runs on gossip, so I want to get to hear it from your first. - Blackburn had it coming... - I'’m promoting Charlie to supervisor. Wait, what? Because of Blackburn, seriously? You know her banning me was just punishment for me recusing her from my case, right? Which I told you not to do. Tom, she was gonna seriously hurt my client! You didn'’t think it through! There was a full PD shutdown because of it! - And you'’re blaming me? - Of course I'’m blaming you! Tom, I went to bat for my client! You are punishing me for giving a shit. Charlie is damn good at his job but nobody in this office works harder or cares more than me! When you have tunnel vision, you don'’t think things through. You get obsessed with something and you pursue it with such a single-minded purpose that you don'’t look at the wreckage around you, what you'’re doing to yourself! I see the crap that you eat. You over-extend yourself. And I know first-hand what that does. You'’re slowly killing yourself. - But, Tom, that has nothing... - There'’s no buts. You need to get a handle on your life, kiddo. ♪ I'm stuck here in my skin ♪ ♪ I'm stuck, I'm stuck ♪ ♪ I'm stuck with you ♪ ♪ Tell me it gets easier ♪ ♪ Tell me it gets easier ♪ - I only have 15 minutes. - This won'’t take that long. Don'’t undercut yourself, Mister. I just wanted you to know that I'’m not cheating on Audrey anymore. Really? Well, what do you call this? I'’m not cheating on her because I left her. - You what? - Now we can really be together. Of course, I'’ll have to recuse myself. What do you think this is, exactly? A relationship. [laughing] My daddy was a no-account son of a bitch, but he taught me one thing that turned out to be true: you don'’t look for love where you look for sex. Why did you have to mess this up? Well, listen, thanks so much for coming by, Earl. - I really appreciate it. - Dad? Gwen! What are you doing here? I came to try to make things right with Judge Blackburn. Well, your father already beat you to it, Ms. Sullivan. And it'’s only because I respect him so much I told him that I would consider lifting my ban. Alright, Earl, always great to see you. - Great to see you! - You take care. - Okay. - Okay. Thank you. Dad, exactly what do you think you'’re doing here? Sweetheart, you were banned from ever appearing before a judge again. I was just trying to help. You weren'’t trying to help me! You were trying to help your reputation. - That is not fair. - You know you haven'’t set foot in this building to come and see me in court, but you'll come here to save face? Why is it that you can'’t accept my help? You haven'’t even cashed the check that I sent you. You didn'’t send it to me. You sent it to my roommate. And I would appreciate it if you did not get between us. - And I don'’t need your help. - Obviously, you do. You know, you can'’t just throw your money and your criticism around and call it parenting. It didn'’t work for David and it won'’t work for me. Gwen! [classical music playing] Hamilton Heights money must be nice. You sure you'’re up for this? After today? Yeah, you won. Congratulations. I'’m talking about what happened with Blackburn. Oh, sorry. Seriously, no gloating? Oh, I'’m gonna gloat. Just later. It'’s no fun kicking you when you'’re down. You really clean up nice. You are killing that dress! - Thank you! - Oh, you know what? - I saw that tag in the back. - No, just... just tuck it! My people. My people. Gwen! I heard you had a day. It means so much to us that you could still make it. Oh, of course! Congratulations! Oh, no, no. The invitation said no gifts. Yeah, but nobody ever means that. We do. Donations only. To the Plentiful Hope Children'’s Foundation. Excuse me. - Hey, glad you could make it! - Bennet! - Charlie! - Thank you for having us. Of course, of course. Okay. Groom'’s most romantic spot. Oh, Montmartre! Next to the Basilica du Sacré-Coeur, - in Paris, where he proposed. - Aww. Correct! His favorite drink? Oh! Captain and Coke back in college! Bro. Where have you been? Now he likes big Italian reds. I'’d say a Barolo like Massolino. Yes. Favorite comfort food? Oh, my dairy-free Mac and Cheese. - Chicken and waffles. - Yes! Chicken and waffles! Baby, you don'’t even eat meat anymore. A man can reminisce, can'’t he? What'’s the one thing Bennet would save in a fire? - Photographs. - His manuscripts. Gwen got it! Favorite athlete of all time. - Oh, Michael Jordan! - No, Bill Russell! Damn, girl, you'’re killing it! Hey, is she your sister or something? '‘Cause that'’s cheating! What was the first car Bennet drove? I don'’t even know. It was a 1974 Volkswagen Karmann Ghia convertible, orange with grey interior, four-speed. Shit! Shit! Sorry! Is this the bathroom? No gifts, huh? That'’s some passive-aggressive bullshit. - I'’m sorry, uh... - No, it'’s... It'’s okay. I spilled something on my dress and... - We have a guest bathroom. - I know, but... Bill Russell changed the face of basketball. And you have always loved chicken and waffles. And your orange Karmann Ghia! How does she not know those things? And why not me, Bennet? ♪ Wait, all that I did Was wait ♪ ♪ Wait, and I dreamed That you said my name ♪ ♪ Wait, but it only Caused me pain ♪ ♪ When I wait, no I still didn't see your face ♪ ♪ And you just left me In your blind spot ♪ ♪ Drive off, tell me I'm your everything ♪ ♪ Know I didn't mean a thing ♪ ♪ Don't you tell me That our time'’s up ♪ ♪ My love, hit you Like a bullet train ♪ ♪ Now you want it Back again ♪ ♪ I've been over thinking ♪ ♪ I was hoping hard And hanging on for us ♪ ♪ 'Cause you left me Like a spirit ♪ ♪ Just a ghost of you To haunt me through the dust ♪ ♪ I've been over thinking ♪ ♪ I was hoping hard And hanging on for us ♪ ♪ 'Cause you left me Like a spirit ♪ ♪ Just a ghost of you To haunt me through the dust ♪ Showing up the bride-to-be must have been exhausting. - What'’s your problem? - No, no problem. Just don'’t like being dragged to some whack-ass bougie party - just so you could... - What? Where did you disappear to, anyway? - I was talking to other people. - Who? - I was talking to Bennet. - For that long? Ah, hell no. You had sex with him. At the man'’s wedding shower! That'’s cold. Even I wouldn'’t do that. It was a bad choice. You are the queen of bad choices. Buy clothes you can'’t afford, not paying your bills, getting banned by a judge... Maybe that'’s why Tom didn'’t make you supervisor. [bleep] you, Charlie. Pull the car over, please. I don'’t need this shit. Hey, Sharon, it'’s me. Yeah, I remember. What are you doing tonight? ♪ It'’s not what you said It'’s how you said it ♪ ♪ And don't you say you love me When you know you'll regret it ♪ ♪ It's not what we did It's what we didn't ♪ ♪ We've been losing time And don't know how to admit it ♪ ♪ When love Don't feel right ♪ ♪ We get along Get along on the outside ♪ ♪ Head out the door But our hearts on the inside ♪ ♪ Love, hearts ain't gonna Hearts ain't gonna lie ♪ ♪ We're half of the same... ♪ ♪ Don't take that the wrong way You know what I mean ♪ ♪ Hearts ain't gonna Hearts ain't gonna lie ♪ ♪ Won't do this again ♪ ♪ Don't take that the wrong way You know what I mean ♪ ♪ Hearts ain't gonna Hearts ain't gonna lie ♪ Next time on In Contempt: There'’s obviously unfinished business between the two of you. I want you to finish it. I'’m giving you 30 days. Pack a bag. That 30 days starts right now. I'’ve been stopped like 40 times. - Excuse me? - Three times by this same cop. That cop stopped my client for no other reason than he'’s black! You know it, I know it, and she knows it. Holy shit! Tessa? Oh, I just saw on Twitter you got engaged! This must be your fiancée. Alison? No, actually, this is my sister. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 