In Contempt: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 In Contempt 
 s1e3 - Confessions - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 In Contempt (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Confessions - full transcript 
 Gwen and Tracy defend a client who confessed to murdering his mother. Bennett and Gwen have a romantic dinner until a surprise guest arrives. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on In Contempt. Ladies... Oh my lord! You slept with him last night! Charlie doesn't like anyone but himself. No. But if we cheat, we only bring ourselves down to their level. What are you doing here exactly? You just slumped it for a few months? I don'’t think this is the right place for me. - What? - Just imagining what it'’s gonna be like to have you call me "boss". 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cute! I call you a lot of things, Charlie. Trust me, "boss" ain't never gonna be one them. You rammed a guilty plea down my client's throat yesterday. It makes me not want to have sex with you. Dinner, a nice glass of red. Have I ever said no to a nice glass of red? And he will be shadowing us for the next few weeks for his latest project. Here's to old friends reconnecting. I'll drink to that. Such a nice picture for such a bad day. You sold your book, it was a beautiful day. Yeah, I didn'’t get a chance to celebrate the way I wanted to. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Bit of champagne, but in a perfect world. I would have done this. Gwen, Gwen... Wake up! Oh my God. Was I drooling? Yes, you were. And you were calling my name. I'’m just kidding. It sounded like you were having a really good dream, though. I dreamed I paid off Sally Mae. Meeting time, Sugar. Oh, hello, hotty professor. You coming to the staff meeting? I need to make a few phone calls first. Splendid. We will see you in there. Hey, you need to tell him. You need to give my business back. Listen up, listen up! Kitson quit this morning. - What? - Oh... All right, everybody, let'’s have a moment of silence for another fallen brother. And so Lord, we pray for the repose of public defender Raymond Kitson who was struck down in his prime by the evils of judicial indifference, institutional racism, and prosecutorial jackassery. Amen! Now you guys gotta split up his felonies. - Oh... - Oh... Is this chair broken? Gwen, Tracy. Kitson had a murder on trial for today. - Gwen will take it. - Tracy can take it. Oh, yeah? Oh, Halleluiah. Don'’t celebrate. You're second chairing. Oh, great! A crack head with a history of assault who is accused of knifing his mother to death over money? Oh, look, and there's a confession. Those are what we call bad facts. This case is uglier than homemade sin. No wonder Kitson quit. Let'’s just pray Judge Hernandez will grant you a continuance. - Nice to see you. - Oh my God, he's here. I still can'’t believe that you know Bennet Thompson. I mean, Chance the Rapper was totes talking about him on IG yesterday. Guys, this is Bennet Thompson. He is gonna shadow Gwen'’s case. And Vanessa, you're with Charlie, catching an AP5 this week. Don'’t worry. I'’m totes sure he didn'’t notice. - Kyle Jablonsky. - Yeah? Where's Mr. Kitson? He's not with our office anymore. We'll be representing you. Oh, come on! Damn it! I thought we were starting today! OK, we have to get an adjournment but it'll give us a chance to get up to speed. Mr. Kitson did tell you I didn'’t do it, right? We didn'’t have a chance to talk to him. Sorry, guys, gotta go. I have an alibi. OK, we're still reviewing everything. Mr. Kitson just up and quit, Judge. I'’m asking for a two week continuance. Your Honor, The People object. We're ready, our witnesses are here just like last time. Oh, come on, Noreen, you're gonna object? We just met the guy. Like you wouldn'’t do the same. I would consent to two weeks if you'd just - gotten the case this morning... - You would never consent... Ladies, enough. We all know neither of you would consent to anything. Your request for for a continuance is denied. Hearing's this afternoon. We'’ll pick the Jury tomorrow morning. Judge, we literally met our client two minutes ago! This is an old case. The officer is here and Mr. Kitson jerked us around trying to work speedy trial. But judge, we're new to this case... The longer you argue with me, the less time you will have. Let'’s keep this moving. We all want to get out of here at a decent hour. - She means happy hour. - Excuse me? - Nothing, Your Honor. - Nothing. What just happened? "Hang 'em high Hernandez" happened. She used to be a public defender. But now she's got her head permanently stuck up the DA'’s ass. Judges are elected and nobody gets re-elected by being pro-defendant. I'’m gonna go back to the office and look at the tape. We'll grab lunch. What do you want? - I'’m not hungry. - Chicken salad sandwich it is. She doesn'’t eat real food during trial. If I don'’t force feed her, she might actually starve to death. AP5 is where the misdemeanors live. It'’s like 125th Street in Harlem back in the day. You gotta wheel and deal. It'’s all about speed. Catching means covering cases for other lawyers that can'’t be here. It'’s all about negotiation. Do not beg. Remember, you have something that the prosecutor wants. A guilty plea. If a guy is out, he stays out, no jail time. It's community service, at worst probation. Shoplifts are two days community service. Hopping a turn style is a fine. You getting all this? Eh... Almost. Can you just start from the beginning? You got guys in holding cells and guys who are out. Look at the docket when your case is in order and stay ahead of the call. Just watch. Hey, Gale, our No. 33, we're gonna do a CD and one day of Community Service. Our 72 is an ACD and a fine. You pick the price. And 21 has no supporting deposition, - so he's going home today. - I don'’t know about 21. I'm offering you two pleas and your hands are tied on 21. OK. Boom! That'’s how we do it. Harkin! Yareve! Foley! Remember, don'’t beg, negotiate - Wait! I'm... - You got this! - Hey, boss! - Hey. To what do we owe the pleasure? I'm watching, listening. Call it a performance review. - She'll do great. - Not her... You. Then prepare to watch the MJ of your team ball out. I'’m waiting. The People vs. Erin Koru. - What is this place? - Our clothes closet. We keep a collection of dresses and suits for clients who go to trial. It makes a better impression than their baggy sweats and wife beaters. It is also Gwen'’s fight the power work space. What'’s the smell? Smells like... Dirty socks, pumpkin spice candles - and potato chips. - Oh... This interrogation is so foul. The sneaker prints, Kyle! The ones by the broken window, where the killer broke in. The treads match your sneakers exactly! Now, that'’s lie number one, the sneaker prints don'’t match. You're allowed to lie to the suspect. Yeah, but just watch. We'’ve got the results of your polygraph. The spike here says you're lying. No. It can'’t be. Lie number two, the lie detector test was inconclusive. You were high, OK? You broke into your mother'’s house to steal money, which you had done before, Kyle. OK, you got into an argument with her. And that'’s when you stabbed her. No! I swear to God, I was with Alana. Here comes lie number three. 'Cause we spoke with Alana, she said you weren't with her. - I was! - That's a lie. This went on for 19 hours. So what's your next move? Alana, she's a delightful stripper friend and probably a drug buddy. The cops picked her up but she refused to talk. Kitson never talked to her? Kitson was never the same after that second avenue murder trial. Surprised he didn't check out earlier. I didn't kill my mother. Please... I thought it was just another annoying guilty client proclaiming his innocence but now I'm thinking that he actually might be innocent. Please... I didn'’t kill her. - Alana? - Who wants to know? I'm Gwen Sullivan, I'’m a public defender and this is... You work at the Wild Rhino Club, right? Can we come in? Ma, it's friends from work. Can you watch your judge shows in the back? My mom never knew I stripped, either. Pink stiletto and panties. - You stripped? - Paid for law school. Pinks, huh? Who worked the door? Fat Irish dude with ear hair. - Called him "“The Choker" ”. - Choker? He always beat the shit out of anyone copping a feel. Oh yeah. Well, The Good Book says don'’t get drunk off wine, but it says nothing about liquor, so bottoms up. Look, Alana, Kyle's in serious trouble and we need to know if he was with you the day his mother was killed. I don'’t know nothing, sorry. How long has your man been in prison? Four years. How'd you know? His says "“together" ”, right? I have a brother in the system. Robbery. I don'’t get to see him often and I really miss him a lot. Kyle and me were partying. He'’s always got the good stuff, you know? Was he with you the whole afternoon? Yeah. I remember 'cause I had to go to work at five, he left with me. Are you willing to testify? And how do you know Choker with the ear hair? I really was a stripper. A client! I visited her a couple of times at work. And good on you for noticing her tab. You're a class A liar yourself. Your brother's not in prison for robbery. Well, burglary didn't sound glamorous enough. - I don'’t think he did it. - Doesn'’t seem so. But how are we even gonna get her on the stand? Kitson didn't serve the alibi notice. You'’ll think of something, Gwen. You always do, just take a breath. Honey, this isn'’t gonna be another Lockhart, OK? I hope not. 'Cause I don'’t think I can take it. I need an expert to explain to the Jury how false confessions happen. Juries understands the concept of coercion. You don'’t need an expert. They understand being beaten or tortured. They don'’t understand psychological coercion. Judge, the detectives used something called the "“Re-technique" ” to interrogate Jablonsky. Most police department's use it. It'’s a very specific three-step process. First, the police break someone down. They interrogate him for hours and hours and make him believe that nothing he says Then they make him feel hopeless. Here they told Mr. Jablonsky he failed the polygraph. And then they threatened him with him death penalty. And then they offer him a way out... A confession. An expert is going to give her expert opinion that the confession was coerced. She is going to take the issue from the Jury... No, she's not. She just gonna explain the psychologically of how it could happen. We're just asking for a Frye hearing, Judge. OK, enough. Jurors are completely able to draw on their own life experiences in determining... Judge, everyone believes they would never confess to something that they didn't do. And you are free to question the detectives... But the detectives don'’t think they did anything wrong. And you are free to argue the coercion issue... You know that's not as effective... Why do you keep interrupting me? Now, is there anything else? Yes, the Prosecution has turned over a witness list. I'’d like a proffer of the witness testimony. I don'’t owe the defense a road map to my case. You don'’t owe me a road map. But you do have to demonstrate relevance. But she doesn'’t have to do it before the witness testifies. We're moving on, bring in the Jury. If I tell you. Will you stop? Kyle, just admit what you did, that'’s all we're asking, just admit it! You're not leaving here, Kyle, till you tell us what you did! Fine, fine. I killed her. I broke in... She wouldn'’t give me the money, so I... I stabbed her. Just like you said. After the defendant confessed, did you uncover any additional evidence? I found out he had a combative relationship with his mother. And I found out he was a drug addict who stole money from her in the past. What about forensic evidence? The defendant'’s fingerprints were on the knife. The bloody shoe prints were the same size and shape as the defendant'’s shoes. And of course, the victim'’s blood was on his clothes. All of which confirmed his confession. Let'’s put it in this way, I have no doubt in my mind we'’ve got the right guy. Detective, someone who came upon the crime scene and tried to help could have touched the knife - and tracked the blood around. - Yes. Fair to say, most people who have difficult relationships with their mothers don'’t kill them. He confessed. You interrogated him for 19 hours. You lied to him about failing the polygraph. You lied to him about the sneaker prints being an exact match. Counselor, would you confess to killing your mother if you really hadn'’t? Would any of you? - What are you doing? - Motion-free AP5. We don'’t do motions in AP5. You don'’t do motions in AP5. I'’m a graduate of Yale Law School and a Caldwell fellow, I do motions in AP5. OK. What is she doing? It'’s her process. - Is that healthy? - Nope. But try taking them away from her, - you might pull back a nub. - I can hear you, you know. Judge Hernandez was pretty angry with you over the expert, why bring out the witness list now? Better to ask for forgiveness than permission. - We can hear you. - Hey! - I have a master plan. - What? I don'’t know, but I'’m on the verge. Well, you're gonna have to convince a jury how somebody can falsely confess, right? That is the dilemma. I got it! Sugar, I live with her. We can'’t play the full 19-hour interrogation tape with no breaks. Your Honor, I didn'’t say with no breaks. I said under simulated conditions. We need to put them through what Mr. Jubonsky went through. It'’s a ridiculous proposal. Judge, the detective asked the Jurors if they would confess to killing their mother if they hadn'’t. Nobody thinks they would. The fact remains that it happens all the time, this is the only way for us to show them how. Are you sure about this? The jury might end up hating you or they won't get it and you'll just confirm - the prosecutions argument. - What other choice do we have? Your Honor, you can'’t possibly be considering this. I'’m going to allow it. How could you allow something so ridiculous... It'’s either this or the expert, Miss Nasser. Which do you prefer? I'’m tired, can we just take a break? We'll take a break when you start telling us the truth, Kyle. - I am telling you... - No, you're not! What do you want me to say? I'’ve already told you. Kyle, just tell us the truth, man, please. I did, I'm with Alana, we get high, I... I go back to her place and then... I don'’t know, we passed out. I wake up, I go to my mom'’s and... She's just lying there... My B.S. meter is off the scale with you. Do you think this is a game or something? I don'’t know how else to tell you. Listen, you're not going anywhere until you tell us what we want to hear. So you might just start going. Yeah, just talk. We'’re not going anywhere, Kyle. Listen, OK, if you confess, the Judge will take your cooperation into account. That way, the death penalty will be off the table, Kyle. Please, please stop. God, I can'’t take this anymore! - Mr. Grennan, sit down. - This is ridiculous... You'd have said anything to get out of here, wouldn't you? - Objection! - Would you make up a lie? Yes, I would, as a matter of fact! Objection! Your Honor! - Miss Sullivan. - Your Honor! Clear the courtroom now! Counselors approach. Are you out of your mind? Judge, I'm sorry, I was tired, probably as tired as he was. Everybody, shut up! Here's what going to happen. I'’m going to dismiss Juror number 5 and seat a replacement. Any objection? We're adjourned for the night. Whatever you do, don'’t call her Gale. I got this. Hey, Gale. Miss Hunter. Um... About number 28, Toby Boyd, - Which one is 28? - The public nudity. How about 250 dollar fine, no community service? Do I look like Santa Clause to you? No, but... It's ten days community service, take it or leave it. - How about... - How about you go away now? Bye bye. Your rookie is crashing and burning. I don'’t believe in helicopter parenting, Tom. She'’s gonna learn coming to me with questions. Tough love. I'’m telling you, they are not gonna reverse. I'’m on solid ground. I have half a mind to... Jesus! Excuse me, I forgot something in my office. The defense calls Alana Martin to the stand. Alana Martin! Your Honor, may we approach? I'’d like a proffer as to this witness testimony. Oh, Miss Nasser stated yesterday, and I quote "“I don'’t owe you a road map to my case"”. You then ruled that she didn't need to demonstrate relevance before the witness testified. She'’s got you there, Miss Nasser. You may proceed, Miss Sullivan. Miss Martin, how do you know Mr. Jablonsky? We're friends. - You do drugs together? - Yes. Can you tell me about the afternoon of May 5th? - Kyle was with me... - Objection! - We were doing drugs together... - Are you kidding me? Miss Martin, stop talking! Approach! Your Honor, the defense has sandbagged this court. We served 250.20 notice. They had eight days to respond. You'’d better have a good excuse for this. The police already knew Mr. Jablonsky said he was with Miss Martin. They had notice. Then why set me up with the witness list? - Judge, I want sanctions. - I'’m going to instruct the Jury to disregard Miss Martin'’s testimony. I'’m also going to instruct them that Mr. Jablonsky, in fact, does not have an alibi. You can'’t give that instruction. That'’s like telling the Jury to convict. - Oh, but I can. - This is a murder trial. You are letting technicalities get in the way of the truth. These technicalities, Miss Sullivan, are the law. Ladies and gentleman of the Jury, I am instructing you to ignore the testimony you just heard. I am further instructing you that any consideration of an alibi defense would be unsupported by the evidence. What? I was with her, Your Honor. Mr. Jablonsky, that'’s enough. We'’ll take a recess. What is our move? Jesus, we're getting screwed at every turn. We have no move, what is our move? It was a bad confession, he's got his own alibi. The burden's on us now. We need to point the finger. We needed a suspect. We need another suspect, OK, wait. Kyle, we need you to think. Is there anyone else who could have done this to your mother? Yeah, Ryan Hooper. I kept telling that to Mr. Kitson. - Ryan Hooper, I know that name. - Yes, he's another tweaker. My mother'’s friend told me that he came by the house asking to borrow money the day before she was killed. The cops interviewed him and said he had - no motive and no record. - That'’s bullshit. We were arrested together a few times. He's in prison right now for a robbery he did a month after my mom was killed. OK, I'll get an investigator on it. You find out what prison he's in. Kyle, you stay strong, OK? You guys OK? - Not really. - This is a disaster. - Maybe not, juror number five. - Could have been a one off, we have no idea what the other Jurors thought about the tape. What'’s that? Just a delicious, refreshing, healthier option than a flambeau. Oh, you're serious. You need to relax. You know what, you're right. But not like that. - Not too bad. - I know, you're not either. Form's a little stiff but with a little practice, you know, we'll work on that. Oh, you know what's stiff? You in the court room, that's what's stiff, yeah. Thought you was better than that? Oh, oh, oh, oh, OK! Yeah, maybe I was too optimistic about you getting better, you know. Ooh, OK! - How's that feel? - That feels good. You make sure you keep those hands up, keep those elbows on those front ribs. Gwen, I think I know a little bit about boxing. Oh, do you? I'm sorry about your jaw. I barely felt it. Hey, you still with me? Yeah, I was just thinking about Floyd Lockhart. That'’s a client? Yeah, he was Golden Gloves champion at 19. The guy didn't have much going on in his life, but... God, he loved that diamond belt. He was convicted of a robbery/homicide outside of a gentleman's club and all the evidence pointed to a BS case. It was a shady line up, withheld evidence, jailhouse informant. Case should have been open and shut and I... I dunno how I lost it. He got 25 years for a crime I know he didn'’t commit. And I kept thinking that I see him in the street. I see a taxi driver or a bike messenger that looks like him. I think, "“Oh my God!"” Floyd somehow won his appeal. He would always say, "“People have no idea how long 15 rounds truly are... Till they're in the ring." Floyd was a fighter. So are you. Let'’s go one more round. Dark and white chocolate. Well, someone must have ordered us to go, 'cause we're the flavors that get to go home tonight. Now that that's out of the way, we're Kyle Jublonksy's lawyers. You just started a ten year sentence for assault and robbery, you stabbed someone with a knife. Maybe I did, maybe I didn'’t. Lupita Jablonsky, Kyle'’s mom, was that a robbery gone wrong, too? Sorry, no se habla assault and robbery. You really want to play the asshole right now? I will play whatever you want. I bet you are a wild African beast in bed. Actually, I'’m not the beast. She is. I'’m from Queens, so I know half of the guards in this prison. And as a favor to a neighborhood girl they'’ll be happy to look the other way when another inmate makes you his bitch. OK, so where were you at the time of Mrs. Jablonsky'’s death? I was in a bar. You know what, forget about it, we're outta here. OK, wait, wait, alright. I was at Shambleys, OK, I got there around 1, I left around 3:30. So there ain't no way I could have killed that old lady. That is a pretty specific time frame and I never told you what time she was killed. Miss Sullivan, in order to argue third party culpability, you have to show this Ryan Hooper had a motive and opportunity. In addition to harassing the victim the day before her murder, he has a long history of assault and robbery. - No, actually, he doesn'’t. - Yes, actually, he does. Judge, the detectives released him as a suspect partly because his rap sheet said he had no priors but, they ran wrong birth date. They ran 5/17/89, he was born on 6/17/89. Having a sheet doesn'’t make him a murderer. And we checked out his alleged alibi. The cameras at the bar he said he was don'’t show him coming or going. Your Honor, the law is clear. They have to demonstrate a legitimate tendency that Ryan Hooper committed the crime. Otherwise they can present 100 people - with the slightest motive. - Counselor, she's right. All you've done is raise a bare suspicion. Judge, this is getting to be absurd. I mean, first you made us try this case with no prep, then you hamstrung us on the expert, then you hammered us on the alibi. - You hammered yourself. - Shut up, Noreen. Miss Sullivan, when I was a public defender, I would flout the rules like you do. But I can'’t do that anymore, I have to protect the process. Even it means convicting an innocent man? You think he is innocent. They don'’t. I'’ve made my ruling. I'm so stupid, I thought 'cause I'm innocent everything would be OK. Who would believe that I actually killed my own mother? My mother! If I hadn't been an addict, I could have been there for that day, she'd still be alive. Kyle, do not do that to yourself. I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in prison. Seriously? You're as broke as a baby racking up credit card debt and you're late with the bills, you have go to stop this. We're losing. Shit! I'’m sorry, honey. Look... We drew a bad hand, it's not your fault. I just, I hate this feeling. It feels like Floyd. Oh, baby! That wasn'’t your fault, either. Bullshit! You gotta learn to embrace that C-world. OK? Compartmentalize. We need a rabbit. We sure do. I promise I will pay it tomorrow. Cases up for motions. The defense'’s motion to dismiss for facial insufficiency is denied. Your Honor, to make out a claim of harassment, the prosecution has to allege repeated instances of conduct, they've only alleged one. The motion is denied. Your Honor, it is a 20-page motion. Perhaps you need a little more time to read it? - An adjournment... - Counselor, I said denied. Deferentially, Your Honor, and with all due respect... And not so deferentially, it's either a disposition or a trial. Oh my God! Does anyone care about the law around here? Miss Hastings, you're right. Sometimes, it'’s easy for us to forget what our job is and I want to let you know I do care about the law. That'’s wonderful, Your Honor. Now, if you don'’t step back, you'’ll be spending the night in jail. And that is why we don'’t bother with motions with AP5. Alright. Hey! Are you getting lunch, too? - What do you say I join you? - Huh? Just could use some a sounding board, catching has been rough. I mean, I know we don'’t always get along but It's OK. I'’m just looking for a good seat. So our case looks like a losing battle, which is unfortunate since our client is innocent. You know he turned down a two-year plea bargain? Yeah and he had an alibi, but the Judge excluded it. And then there was the convicted criminal who went to see the victim the day before she was killed. He lied about where he was at the time of the murder. Oh my God! I know, I just... I know this guy did it. This sounds really difficult for you. OK, I'll see you later. This case comes down to whether or not you believe an innocent person would confess to killing his own mother. But you experienced that interrogation. Remember how exhausted you were? Hour after hour continuously being worn down. One of you even pulled the ripcord. Now imagine yourself in that interrogation room, with those detectives in your face for 19 hours. Making you feel that they will not let up until you confess. Wouldn't you pull the ripcord, too and try and fix it all later? All the physical evidences explained away by Mr. Jablonsky finding the body. There is no evidence proving motive. There's only the confession. If you don'’t trust it, if you have doubts about it, you must find Mr. Jablonsky not guilty. Fingerprints on the knife, sneaker prints in blood. A meth head who has stolen from his mother before. No alibi, and the confession. Now, was the interrogation long? Yes. Did they lie? They're are allowed to. But he confessed... To killing his mother. I don'’t care how long you badger me, I'’m not confessing to that. When I watched that tape, I was tired. If it were me, I'd probably be worried but the one thing I wouldn'’t do... Is confess. And you have to ask yourselves whether you would, either. Ladies and gentlemen of the Jury, I understand you have a verdict. Supreme Court New York County. The case of The People vs. Kyle Jablonsky on the charge of murder in the second degree. We, the Jury, find the defendant... not guilty. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, thank you so much! - Congratulations! - Thank you. But I do have one comment on your courtroom performance, though. Oh, really? And how many years of trial experience do you have? Oh wait, I'm sorry, none. Ah! But my comment is this: You were amazing! Thank you. Have dinner with me tonight. There is something I want to ask you. - 8 PM, at Margot. - OK, yeah. I felt this way since we first met. I can'’t stop thinking about you. You're the only man who gives me butterflies and I want to be with you. I just hope you feel the same way. OK, that'’s pretty good. I don'’t know, maybe just like, a little bit sexier. You know, like, you start like this. Oh, please stop, I am not doing that, Tracy! Your boy is there, now the party can start! - Give me a hit. - Sure, help yourself, Tom. What'’s going on? It's that after-work flow, you know, work hard, play harder, repeat. It doesn'’t matter if you smoke pot, get drunk, do yoga, meditate, you gotta do something to take the edge off or you'll be Kitson, quitting suddenly and joining an ashram. I heard he moved to Vermont to do some wood working. No, Colorado, ski instructor. Anyway, he was a good lawyer, you know. I'’m not really a smoker, so... Pass the jay. Oh, come on, little rookie, you can'’t be that shocked by pot. OK, I covered a menacing harassment case today. I did a motion. - I'’m sorry, you did a motion? - Uh-ha! - In AP5? - Can I tweak that, please? Oh my God! OK, OK, look, sweetie, here, just one hit. Lord, what are you doing? Why, your Honor, I do declare you are working too hard. How'd you do in court today? - Very well. - Mhmm. Thanks for asking. No, don't kiss me. OK. We don'’t have to kiss. You sure made a miracle happen. I can make a lot of miracles happen. Shall I show you? Since when are you rough? Hey girl. Careful, Judge. One hole or the other. You think you can keep up? I can do more than keep up. Judge Dodson! Oh, your Honor, God! What'’s up? No, I was just... She called me, and I... OK. - You look nice. - You look great. So, then he turns to me and he says, "“I'll take plea if you feed my cat."” I was like, "“what?"” And the question is, what did you do? I fed his cat. I chased that mean ass cat around in my four inch heels. What'’s this? For letting me get my hands dirty and help with your case. Whoa, wait, whoa, this says first edition. You know Zora Neale Hurston is my spirit animal, right? Your super soul melanin Queen is what I remember you calling her. Their eyes were watching God. Made you into who you are today. Exactly. Janie chose her own path regardless of what people thought. She wasn't supposed to have big dreams as a black woman but she did and she didn't give a damn. Like you don'’t. - Thank you. - You're welcome. So, you said you had something to tell me tonight? Well... I want to base my lead character on you. - You OK with that? - Ah... Well, it depends, what would this character will be like? Well, she'’d be fearless, clever, rebellious. Fueled by some inner outrage, like Janie. There ain't nothing more important to her than doing right by her clients. She'’ll find the most clever, unexpected angle to sway the Jury. Like making them watch 19 hours of interrogation video. She'll be fearlessly independent, convinced that she doesn't need anyone but the truth is, she desperately wants to need someone. Someone who knows her. Someone who knows that underneath that iron exterior, there's this sensitive woman. A woman who finally wants to let herself be vulnerable. I mean, why does she have to be vulnerable? Listen, I have something I want to tell you, too. - Hi, baby. - Hey! My event finished early and I remember you said you'’d be here. You must be Gwen. Finally, I get to put the face to the name. Alison, this is Gwen. Gwen, this is Alison, my fiancée. Next time on In Contempt... They think you tampered with the Jury. Until that gets resolved, you're kryptonite. Clearly, I misread the situation. He is not into me at all. Here's a thought, go for him anyway. It'’s wrong on so many levels, Trace. Oh, wait. You are not trying The Stash and Cash, are you? That'’s what my client wants. No, that'’s not a winnable case. It's all about your client, he may look like a creep... He is a creep. He's a subway robber. They're going to this restaurant tonight. I was thinking about showing up, is that stalkery? Hey, Bennet, my word! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 