Dragon Ball GT: Season 1, Episode 55 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dragon Ball GT 
 s1e55 - The Heart of the Prince - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dragon Ball GT (1996–1997): Season 1, Episode 55 - The Heart of the Prince - full transcript 
 As Vegeta thinks back on how Goku has always been one step ahead of him no matter what he did, good or bad, Bulma formulates a plan to help Vegeta ascend to Super Saiyan 4. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Wait, Vegeta! I can't just leave everything up to Kakarrot any longer! I'm going! Hold on! What is it? Can you win? Can I what!? Listen to me, Vegeta! I have an idea--! This isn't going to do it! Dammit...! Is that Super Saiyan 4, Kakarrot!? He's fighting with an outrageous battle power! Since when did such a gap between our powers open up? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Saiyans have their warrior ratings examined right after they are born. When they do, the scum that have lower ratings, such as yourself, are sent off to planets that do not have terribly formidable opponents. In other words... You were a left-behind! And as a result, I was sent to Earth here? I should be thankful. But what's more... Even a left-behind might be able to overcome an elite, if he tries desperately enough. An amusing joke. Now then, allow me to show you a barrier that you cannot overcome, no matter how hard you try! When we first fought, he was no match for me. I had it over him in every way. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What's the matter, Kakarrot!? You can do better than this, can't you!? I should have expected as much... He still ain't the least bit serious, but his speed and techniques already surpass my own. Show me what you got! Or have you already used up all of your power? You got it. I'll show you! Kaio-ken!! If that's the limit of what you've got, then I'll be greatly disappointed! May my body... ...withstand this...! Times three... Kaio-ken!! What!? However, in the end, I was unable to defeat Kakarrot. Dodge this, if you can! But even if you survive, the Earth will be blown to bits! I have to risk it! A times three Kaio-ken... Kamehame-Ha! Ka... me... ha... There's no way you can stop my Gyallic Ho blast! me... Let you and the Earth together become space dust!! Ha!! W- what!? It's just like my Gyallic Ho blast! Kaio-ken... ...times four!! D- damn it all... For me, Vegeta-sama, held to be the mightiest warrior in the universe, to end up like this... how disgraceful! D- damn, My body... won't move...! Die!! Hold on! G- Goku! Kuririn... Sorry about this, but let the guy live... G- G- Goku? Are you...? I- I beg you... This is the only thing I'll ever ask of you. I ain't able to say this too well, but seeing him nearly dead like that, the thought came to me... ''What a waste...'' Next time, I'll make sure I've gained enough strength to overcome Vegeta, and defeat him... I know what I'm asking for is wrong, but I'm begging you... let me take him on by myself...! In order that he might defeat me by his own hand, he let me get away on purpose. It was from that time on-- from that time on, that the infuriating Kakarrot began to settle within me. I am the proud Saiyan prince! I am Number One! There's no reason why there should exist anyone stronger than I! That's what I thought, but then I came to realize that he was always one step ahead of me. He was the first one of us to become a Super Saiyan. Hey! Vegeta was in a state where he couldn't even move! There was no reason to finish him off on purpose! You foolish scum! Get cold-hearted! If you had only discarded your leniency, you would surely already be... ...a S- Super Saiyan! V- Vegeta... I- I beg you...! Freeza... defeat Freeza...! Please... by Saiyan hands... P- please... Stop it, Freeza! Goku!! How... how dare you...!? Just because you can become a Super Saiyan, don't get too full of yourself. I'm still going to beat the crap out of you some time. Don't forget that I am still the Number One Saiyan! Right. And now, he's gone and become Super Saiyan 4!? Stop mocking me! Leave it to me, Vegeta! From the time that I met Kakarrot, I've been living with the sole thought of defeating him. I would make certain that I squashed him! And I went to any lengths to do so... Vegeta... Fight against me! Unless you want to add to this mountain of bodies! Vegeta, don't tell me you... Don't tell me you fell under Babidi's spell on purpose. He... he surpassed my strength! He is a Saiyan, same as me, yet he outpaced me! Me! The prince, at the height of his overwhelming power! I- I've even had my life saved by him! I cannot forgive him for that! Absolutely not!! Babidi! Change us to a place where no one else is around! I have decided to fight Vegeta! Papparapa! I do not want to take damage from you and contribute it to Majin Boo's energy. I'm going to end this quickly, with my highest power! I look forward to it. You'll show me the fruits of your training in the Other World. Judging from that, it doesn't look like this is going to end quickly. Here we go! I'll kill you, Kakarrot! I- I can't believe it! I thought I had trained considerably on the Other Side. And here we are, utterly even! You must have trained even harder than I did! That's not it! Though I suspect I have trained harder than you did, you have a talent for going even higher than I do. No matter how much time has passed, that difference has not changed. I realized it... ...when you fought that monster Babidi sent you. It was a shock, Kakarrot! How could I, the prodigal prince of bloodshed, forever be outdistanced by you, a lower-class warrior!? A- and so, I secretly made my resolution. S- so that's it! Babidi! That's why you intentionally fell under Babidi's spell! It wasn't a very favorable mode, however. Vegeta, with your great pride, you allowed yourself to be controlled by that guy? I...I... I... wanted to return to the way I was long ago! I wanted to return to the brutal, cold-blooded Saiyan that I was, so I could fight all-out with you and not worry about anything! I hated it! I hated how, before I had realized it, I had been influenced by you guys and become so gentle! I, of all people, had a family. It wasn't an unpleasant feeling... I came to like this comfortable Earth as well! T- that's why it was necessary for me to be controlled by Babidi and return to my evil self! And thanks to that, I feel great now! Is that really so, Vegeta? ''Is that really so,'' huh? I don't even remember. However... I tossed everything aside and faced Boo. And then, even when I did return to life, you had become that absurd Super Saiyan 3! That's when I started thinking... Hang in there, Kakarrot! You are Number One! Ever since then, I put it all behind me. I decided not to chase after you any longer, Kakarrot. Right now, I'm just genuinely curious as to what my limits are. I'm going to become stronger still! What are you doing? Here. It's a Bruits wave emitter. Bruits wave? You're going to go Super Saiyan 4, too! W- what did you say!? I'm going to go Super Saiyan 4!? You're a Saiyan, same as him, right? If Son-kun can become one, there's no reason why you can't, Vegeta. Here, take a look at this. When we left Planet Tsufru, I copied over the data from the computer. That's a dreadful look on your face, huh? This isn't it... Once he got his tail back, Son-kun became a Great Ape due to the Bruits waves that were being emitted from Earth. And then, thanks to Pan-chan's tears, he recovered his rationality, and Son-kun became Super Saiyan 4. Which means... Vegeta, since you're different from Son-kun, in that you don't lose your rationality when you become a Great Ape, it figures that if we give you a large dose of Bruits waves, you should become Super Saiyan 4! But, when I was taken over by Baby, and received a large dose of Bruits waves on Planet Tsufru, turning me into a Great Ape, I did not become Super Saiyan 4. At the time, Baby's own cells were interfering, which kept you from become Super Saiyan 4. B- but still, I haven't lost my rationality, even after becoming a Great Ape, since long ago. So then, why wouldn't I have become Super Saiyan 4 before now? Perhaps, as Son-kun would put it, it's because you didn't have enough training. Does that mean that even back when I was the mightiest Saiyan, I didn't have the ability? But you'd be able to do it now, Vegeta. I'm sure that you could become Super Saiyan 4. Once we use this Bruits wave emitter, surpassing even Super Saiyan 4 will no longer be a dream. Surpass Super Saiyan 4!? Bulma, when will you have it completed? Before the earth is destroyed. Nice work! Kakarrot, bring on your Super Saiyan 4, or 5, or whatever you want! I'm still not finished! You sure are a battle-loving Saiyan! But then, I'm still that Saiyan's wife. Bulma is brimming with confidence. However, will Vegeta really be able to become Super Saiyan 4? Not having any way to know about that, Goku continues to battle Si Xing Long! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 