The Borgias: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Borgias 
 s1e2 - The Assassin - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Borgias (2011–2013): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Assassin - full transcript 
 Micheletto, Orsini's assassin is recruited by Cesare to defect into the service of Della Rovere who is trying to prove Rodrigo has taken on a mistress. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously, on The Borgias...  - [Whispering]: I have waited a lifetime for this moment.  I will not forgive failure... - We will not fail you, Father.  - Maybe Papa will become pope, and you can be who you want to be.  - I shall fight you. - With any means at my disposal.  - I do tend to win whatever battles I fight.  - Cardinal Borgia has the required majority.  - You're not in mourning, mother. - But perhaps I am.  - What are we gaining? - Does Papa have so many enemies?  - As our father, perhaps not. But as pope...  We have placed the papal mitre in the hands of an ape.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I beg you now to release me of my vows.  - I would be a prince of state, Father.  Juan can bear arms for the Borgia family  - But I swear, if God does not protect us, I shall.  - Whatever you're being paid, I'll double it.  - The pope cannot love? - Not only must he be chaste;  he must be seen to be chaste.  - Simony! I charge you now in public!  - They all want you dead. - Serve this... to Orsini.  - [Orsini]: Poison. - Poison!  - The poison was meant for us. - You don't poison the pope!  You poison a rabid dog!  It offends nature, it offends God Himself!  - So, God will take his revenge, then. - With our help.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 âŞ  - Excellent service.  - I fear it is not over yet. - What do you mean?  - Well, there's more to your Borgia family than father and son.  - What do you mean? - I mean we must hurry, My Lord.  Your whole family's in danger.  - Micheletto! - Am I too late?  - We were waiting for you. - Then you're too late!  [Groaning in pain] - What are you doing?!  Ah!  [Yelling]  - Allow me, My Lord.  [Muffled yelling]  - Guards!  - [Guard]: General! - With me, quickly!  Come on!  Get out of my way!  Pray somewhere else, Cardinals.  Arrest this household.  - You planned this massacre thoroughly.  - If I had planned it, My Lord,  believe me, we would not be having this conversation.  - You're that meticulous?  - Always. [Grunting with effort]  - And who planned it?  - Cardinal Orsini.  - And Della Rovere?  - I know nothing of him.  In this affair,  [Panting]  I had but one master.  - And now?  - And now I am like a stray dog,  masterless.  Unless your kind offer still stands.  - You could have... let things take their course...  Betrayed me.  Most of your kind do. - My kind?  I do not have a kind.  And I suspect neither do you.  - Your name, sweet assassin.  [Panting]  - Micheletto.  - You must prove yourself worthy of my trust, then.  - This is not proof enough? - Perhaps. Perhaps not.  Can you dispose of these corpses? - You would keep them secret?  - More than that. I would keep you secret.  Dump them in the Tiber. Meet me by the Vatican gates  in two hours' time. We shall discuss your future service.  [Whispering]: Mother.  - Are you trying to frighten me?  - I'm sorry, Mother.  - Why are you here, Cesare?  - I imagine things--  murders,  blood-spattered throats,  poisoned chalices.  - Perhaps you're not wrong. We have many enemies now.  - And Lucrezia?  - She's sleeping. You miss her that much?  - Always.  If anything happened to her, I'd...  ...I'd die.  - What could possibly happen?  - I'm putting a guard on the house.  - Is it so dangerous outside?  - We are in a different city now.  - Is it still called Rome?  - I'm not sure it has a name.  Father.  Father!  Father, I've had to place a guard on the--  - The good cardinal, my son, has been expressing his shock  and dismay at this evening's outcome.  - Poison, it seems, was the cause  of Cardinal Orsini's demise.  - One shudders at the thought.  - As to who poisoned him,  I have no idea. Perhaps we should  ask ourselves, who benefits most from his death?  - And what are you implying, Your Eminence?  - I am implying nothing.  I am merely offering His Holiness any help I can  in unmasking the culprit.  Our Holy Mother Church can afford no such scandals.  - We have Orsini's household staff in irons, Your Holiness.  Cardinal. - The good cardinal, my brother,  has offered to help us unmask the culprit behind this plot.  - We apprehended this wretch skulking outside by the gate.  - A plot, by definition, needs more than one participant,  does it not? - Do you recognize him?  - Didn't he pour the wine?  - [Cesare]: Do you know this man, Cardinal Della Rovere?  - I know he attended at the cardinal's table,  but there were many of those.  Beyond that, nothing.  - If this creature is indeed the poisoner,  some hours on the strappado should loosen his tongue.  - See if he talks.  [Grunting]  - I have a dilemma:  [Grunting]  whether to flay you at night...  [Grunting]  ...or at dawn.  [Grunting]  [Groaning]  - I pity you your dilemma, My Lord. - Pity yourself.  - Brother. You have already exhausted yourself  in our father's defence.  Now I could spend a good hour questioning this man.  - Is that really a task for a cleric?  [Grunting in pain]  - Lock the door and go.  Up.  Up!  Would you have talked?  - Only to sing your praises, My Lord.  - Still want to earn my trust?  - Eternally, My Lord.  - Lie low for a day, then.  I can have word sent out that you couldn't be broken.  - And then?  - Then...  ...get close to Cardinal Della Rovere.  Tell me what he thinks. What he plans.  - Then you must hurt me, My Lord.  - Haven't I hurt you enough already?  - To convince this cardinal, my back must tell its own story.  And I have heard that he has an interest  in the male torso.  And even I cannot convincingly whip myself.  So whip me, My Lord.  [Grunting]  Harder.  [Grunting]  Harder, My Lord.  [Grunting]  - And...  [Grunting] ...if you betray me...  [Grunting]  ...you will end your days on that rack.  [Grunting] - Then it would not be in my interest to betray you,  My Lord. - Good.  [Grunting]  - Again!  [Grunting]  Again.  [Grunting]  [Door opening]  - Do you have something to tell me?  About the night's events?  - Only that...  ...I will protect you.  Protect our family.  With my life if needs be.  - Well, all of the others bought and sold.  We merely proved ourselves better at the game.  But we draw the line  at murder, do we not?  - Orsini drew no such line.  - I see.  So,  we are one less cardinal this morning.  I was your age when I became a cardinal.  Seems like yesterday.  This red...  ...signifies that you are ready to spill your blood in defence  of the Christian faith.  - No, Father. - Are you, my son, ready  to spill your blood in defence of the Christian faith?  I think you are!  - For the defence of my family, perhaps.  - That too. - Give me control  of the papal armies and I will protect us all. - We will have one son  in the cloth and one in armour.  You know our wishes. - But a cardinal's red?  - And Lucrezia must marry.  - So soon?  - She is 14 years old. - She is just a child.  - We must bind our enemies to us. Make friends of them.  And what better way is there than marriage  You can perform the rite-- as cardinal.  - Am I a cardinal already?  - And they tortured you for...  ...how long?  - A day and a night, Your Eminence.  - And you revealed?  - There was nothing to reveal, Your Eminence.  - Ecce homo.  "Behold the man."  They scourged our saviour thus.  Is it true, what's being rumoured?  That the good cardinal inadvertently poisoned himself?  - Who would have profited from his death?  - Certainly not Cardinal Orsini.  - Who takes possession of his properties? - Borgia.  - Well, then.  - These methods are not mine.  - You think they are mine, Your Eminence?  - What are your methods?  - Discretion.  Silence.  - And you have suffered for your silence.  Why?  - Like you,  I hate this Borgia.  And if I can be of any use...  - I need someone I can trust.  - You can trust my hatred of this Borgia pope.  [Gasping in pain]  - I can trust these wounds of yours.  - They will last for a lifetime,  Your Eminence. - Indeed.  I need to assemble a gathering of every cardinal  who shares your feelings.  In absolute secrecy.  - May I thank you, Holy Father, for bequeathing to me your precious time.  30 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 