Walker, Texas Ranger: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Walker, Texas Ranger 
 s1e1 - One Riot, One Ranger - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Walker, Texas Ranger (1993–2001): Season 1, Episode 1 - One Riot, One Ranger - full transcript 
 Among the issues Walker has to deal with include a new partner named Trivette, a group of men terrorizing a circus family who camp out at his home, and some bad guys who plan on the ultimate bank caper. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ( tranquil theme playing) (birds chirping) ( suspenseful theme playing) (crows cawing) Come on. Come on, move it! You know what's in these bags? A lot of honey. It's gonna sweeten things for a long, long time. Well, the only honey I like walks on two legs. Ha! Yeah, well, I know a place in Mexico, take care of that and plenty others. This is the last of it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Then let's go. What do you wanna do with 'em, leave 'em? In this heat, in the middle of nowhere? Sure. Why not? Buzzards gotta eat too. (engine starts) (tires squeal) ( inspirational theme playing) (crows cawing) (clucking) (Mexican music playing inside) (men chattering inside) MAN: Hurry up with that beer, will you? Did you see the look on that guy's face? I mean it. Did you see it? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And then, surprise: boom! (men laughing inside) ( suspenseful theme playing) You think they found those two guys yet, aside from the buzzards? There were a couple of old heifers, man, there in the field, where we got 'em. They might have called the cops. (all laughing) Beer. You boys are under arrest. Stuff it, buddy. You got no jurisdiction south of the border. You can't do squat. Watch me. ( dramatic theme playing) I don't think you're getting the meaning of this, buddy, and right now, I see four of us and one of you. That's about right. I'm gonna cut your face. Stop talking and do it. (bone snaps) Arghh! (grunting) (glass smashing) This is Mexico, Ranger. You got no right. I've got no right? No! I think that's a pretty good right. (engine starts) ( rustic theme playing) Walker. Got anything to declare? Just some dirty laundry in the back. Bigger load than usual. You're gonna need some mighty strong detergent. I reckon. ( cheerful theme playing) ALEX: Walker, you said this was a clean, legal bust this time. I did. It was. You exceeded your authority. You went into Mexico without authorization or consultation. Not true. Now, I'm gonna have to kick them loose. It was a clean bust, Alex. I had authorization. From whom? The governor of Sonora. Remember him? ALEX: I just hope he remembers you. Governor, hello. GOVERNOR: Lovely to hear your voice. Yes. It's good to hear your voice as well. I hate to bother you, but I need to ask you a question. Yes, what can I do for you? Did one of our Rangers have permission to come across the border? ( governor speaking indistinctly) Yes, sir. That's correct. Cordell Walker. I knew it. Put that old devil on the phone. I think he wants to talk to you. Hello, governor. Walker. Walker, you've done it again, haven't you? Yes, sir. Well, probably if you weren't so thoroughly and absolutely incorrigible... Ha-ha. - -it wouldn't be like you. I really appreciate hearing you say that, governor. Yes. Well, Walker, put the DA back on. I think he wants to talk to you. ALEX: Yes? ( governor speaking indistinctly) Right. S-sure, whatever you say, governor. ( governor speaking indistinctly) Yes, sir. ( upbeat rustic theme playing) (crowd chattering) What are you doing, C.D.? I'm doing what you call your concentrating. It takes a lot of concentrating to be a writer. A lot of concentrating. Yeah, especially if you're writing about all the trouble you got us into back when you were a Ranger. Which was, as I recall, one-third fact and two-thirds fiction. Yeah, like that little trip you took down to Mexico yesterday? Sounds like something I would've done. Still would if they'd let me do it. But... You know, one little bullet wound in your leg, and them doctors go all to pieces. It was your knee that went all to pieces. I tell you, this medical retirement, look what it's doing to me. I must have gained five, 15 pounds. More like 100. What? I said, I wonder what it is you're writing about. Oh, it's just an advice column for the Gazette. I don't make no money doing it, but it's gonna be real good for my business. Won't be too long before people are gonna be flocking in here just to see old Trail Buddy. Who? Trail Buddy. That's me. That's my pen name. See? Right here. "Dear Trail Buddy." It's an advice column to the lovelorn, the lost, the bewildered, the lonely. You know, Cordell, I have got more advice in me. I bet you I could straighten out every man, woman, dog, child, chicken. Anything with hair on it in Dallas and Fort Worth in three area codes combined. I don't doubt it. Hey, Walker. C.D. WALKER: Hey. What do you think of this? See? What'd I tell you? Everybody wants advice. (chuckles) Let's see that. Oh, that's pretty. Yeah. This for that little gal of yours, Amy Lou? Yeah. Think she'll like it? Never been real good picking out this sort of stuff. Well, she'll like it for what it is, and she'll like it for what it ain't. What's that? C.D.: Well, it ain't a wedding ring. And that's what she wants. It's written all over her face, plain as day. Did you get this at Harriet Wilson's Trading Post? Yeah. It's supposed to be real 24-karat Black Hills Gold. Why? I hate to tell you this, Mobley, but it's gold-plated. Hm. I'll bet you paid 100 more bucks than that's worth. Hey, where you going? They ain't got a return policy, you know. They do now. You know, 15 years as a cop, five years as a Ranger, I don't believe I've ever run into anybody as innocent as he is. I mean, he really, really believes in people, Cordell. And that is a gift from God. It's also dangerous for a Ranger. WOMAN: Excuse me. Do you serve tourists in here? Oh, we used to. But we couldn't chop 'em up small enough to stay on a plate. (C.D. laughs) WALKER: He's only kidding. Come on in. Sit down. You're spoiling all my fun. (rooster crows) (machinery whirring) (sighs) What are you doing, Uncle Ray? Extending the wall. What does it look like? You've been extending for ten years. This place is already too big. You never know. You might get married someday. Don't start that again. It wouldn't hurt to have a few grandchildren running around this place. Might lighten things up a bit. Uncle Ray, what am I gonna do with you? I asked the same question of our tribal chief when you were given me to raise after your father died. What'd he say? Deal with it. (laughs) Washoe. You forgot to say good morning to the sun. What sun, Uncle Ray? It's freezing out here. Do it anyway. (sighs) Morning. ( suspenseful theme playing) (tires squeal) (customers chattering) (phones ringing) Nobody move! Hands in the air! Now! All right, you heard him. Get 'em up! (grunts) It's all right. I've got you. It's all right. (woman screams) (hostages chattering) WOMAN (over radio): All units, robbery in progress at 1st Multinational Bank. All units, robbery in progress... (siren wailing) at 1st Multinational Bank. (laughs) Get back there and see what's happening. Hang it up. We only got 49 seconds. But we can't... We can't leave all this. You know something? You're right. Let's go! We're late! (tires squealing) Police! Stop, or I'll shoot! (hostages chattering) Come on! We gotta go! Move! (hostages chatter anxiously) Freeze! You're under arrest! Face down on the sidewalk, now! (door opens) Sir! Stop there. Hold it. Sir, I'm a Texas Ranger. Come this way, toward my voice. Over here. Let's go! Out of here! Move! Move! (engine starts) (tires squealing) ( dramatic theme playing) Witness says he was trying to help someone he thought was blind. Didn't know he was one of the robbers. Guy shot him point-blank. Never even had a chance to defend himself. We got the entire Dallas-Fort Worth area on alert, checking every street for the getaway car. So far, nothin'. Walker. I'm sorry. I don't mean to be insensitive at a time like this, but I need to talk to you about something very urgent. Alex, I've got a lot on my mind right now. Will you just hear me out? I'm sure you know we've had a circus in town all week. Yes, I know. Well, a young performer... A trapeze artist. Was raped and beaten by three local men. They were arrested, but they're already out on bail. Since then, they have threatened the girl, and the only witnesses who saw it happen: two other people from the circus. All three of them are absolutely terrified. Why are you telling me this? Because they're planning to leave town tomorrow when the circus goes. That's what they've been told to do by those three animals. Which means, I have no case, and those rapists go scot-free. (sighs) You still haven't answered my question. Why are you telling me this? Well, I thought if the circus people had a place to stay where they would feel safe... If you're gonna say what I think you're gonna say, forget it. Walker. I need your help. She needs your help. Her name is Lisa Edwards. She's only 16 years old. This is what she looked like after those men got through with her. This poor little girl is destroyed. If we don't help her, this case is gonna slip through the seams of the criminal justice system, and that would be a tragedy. Okay, um... Take 'em to my ranch. I'll call Uncle Ray, and he'll take care of 'em until I get there. Walker, there is a special place in heaven for people like you. Yeah, and I can't wait to get there. (sighs) ( tranquil theme playing) MAN: You were told to be in and out in three minutes. A hundred and eighty seconds. No matter what. And instead, you fouled up. You know what you sound like, buddy? A damn drill sergeant. But I'm not in the Army anymore, and nobody chews me out for doing a good job. Hey, look. Just give us our cut. We'll be on our way. It's like you never met us. Doesn't work that way. I warned you both from the outset that you were on a split-second time schedule. But you got greedy. And besides that blunder, we now have a dead Ranger on our hands, which will make things difficult. Oh, man, this is getting too spooky for me. Trial runs, time limits, and for what? What's this big-time caper you're gonna pull? So far, all I've seen is nickel-and-dime stuff. Oh, it's big-time. Be assured of that. And it's going down in five days. But you two... don't qualify. (blows landing) Get rid of 'em. Don't waste any time. (crows cawing) Why is it so hard to find good help these days? (sighs) ( suspenseful theme playing) Here they come. MAN: I almost forgot how pretty she was. The DA's not so bad-looking, either. What's the matter with you guys? Just chalk it up to hormones. (car engine starts) ( ominous theme playing) (birds chirping) (dog barking, horse whinnying) (soft country music playing on radio) (dishes and cutlery clattering) MAN: There's really nothing to it. Just practice, practice, practice and practice. You know, to tell you the truth, when I was a little boy, I wanted to be a trapeze artist, a sword swallower. Never had the courage. It doesn't always take courage, and you learn real fast. North Africa, 1943. I swallowed a German bayonet right here. Swallowed? Huh. Missed my heart by less than half an inch. (door opens) Is Uncle Ray telling war stories? RAY: We almost started dinner without you. WALKER: Cordell Walker. Misha. Misha Bogadar. And this is my lovely wife, Yelena. Besides being a perfect cook, she tells perfect fortunes. I don't know what you're cooking, ma'am, but it sure smells good. It's a chicken étouffée. A recipe I picked up while the circus was in New Orleans. This is Lisa Edwards, Mr. Walker. She's like a daughter to us. Hi, Lisa. Uh, I was getting a lesson in juggling. Figured I might wanna run off with the circus. (laughs) Something I've been wanting to do since I was 6 years old. You better watch him, folks. You may find him in the back of one of your trucks. (chuckles) I wouldn't mind. ( ominous theme playing) MAN: We should've hit 'em before that Ranger showed up. When it was just that Russki and that old Injun. How long we gonna sit here waitin'? Can't do nothing with them other two in the house anyway. MAN 2: Stop your yammering. I knew I should've lit out on my own. I don't know why I even bother with you. (engine starts) (horse whinnies) Well, that was the best meal I've had in a long time. (chuckles) The whole secret is in the roux. And all that is is flour and oil mixed together and heated in equal proportions. MISHA: Heh, heh. She makes it sound so easy. It isn't. (Ray laughs) I have to do all the cooking out here. My nephew, he can't even boil water. (others laugh) ( melancholy theme playing) YELENA: She keeps going off like that. Alone. We try, but she won't ever talk about it. All we can do is support her with our love. She hasn't even cried yet. It was an excellent meal, Yelena. Thank you. (horse whinnying) (door opens) (horse whinnies) (horse whinnies) That's my horse over there, making all the noise. Her name is Cookie. She's upset with me because I haven't ridden her in a while. (Cookie whinnies) I want you to know, Lisa, that you're safe here. ( melancholy theme playing) My dad grew up on a reservation not too far from here. He was full-blooded Cherokee. He used to ride bulls in the local rodeo to earn extra money. In fact, that's where he met my mom. He was climbing in a chute one day to ride this old bull, and... he looked up into the stands and saw this pretty white girl smiling at him. They met and fell in love and got married soon after. I remember when I was about 12 years old, a carnival came to this town where we were living in at the time. I'd never been to a carnival before, and I wanted to go in the worst way. It was the first time I'd ever seen a Ferris wheel or eaten cotton candy. I must have rode that Ferris wheel at least six times. It was a terrific evening, watching my mom and dad laugh. There wasn't much to laugh about in those days. We were walking back to the car. I remember we had an old Model T Ford. And the cars were all parked out in this dirt field. My dad had one arm around my mom and was holding my hand with the other. As we approached the car, these three, uh, guys walked up to us. They were big guys. Filthy clothes and smelled of alcohol. They started saying these crude things to my mom. Like how could she be with a dirty, rotten Indian and bring a half-breed into this world? My dad was a... Was a very proud man, and he confronted these guys. And a fight started. They must have figured three-on-one would be no contest. But they didn't know my dad. My dad was whupping up on 'em pretty good. Then I saw a knife appear in one of the guys' hand. And I saw him stab my dad right in the back. And he stabbed, and he stabbed. Like my dad's back was a sack of grain that he was trying to open. My mom screamed and ran in there to try to stop him. He spun around on my mom, and... I saw this shocked look on her face, and... And I saw blood all over the front of her dress. She looked down at her stomach... and slowly fell to the ground, next to my dad. Did they hurt you too? They hurt me real bad. What happened to your mom and dad? My dad died where he fell. My mom died two days later at the hospital. How could you ever get over something like that? You don't get over it completely, Lisa. But time has a way of helping make things better. And with the love of friends like Misha and Yelena, they will get better. I promise. (sobbing): Why'd they do that to me? Why did they have to hurt me like that? Lisa, don't let your life be destroyed by something that you could not possibly prevent. (sobs) ( melancholy theme playing) WALKER: Okay, C.D. Why are you so interested in me meeting this new Ranger? You know, Cordell, you're gonna love Mobley's replacement. His name's Trivette. Jimmy Trivette. I just know you're gonna love him. I doubt it. No, he's a good man. He really is. Grew up in Baltimore, wrong side of the tracks. But he got himself a football scholarship to Penn State. You sure know a lot about this guy. Wide receiver. Cowboys drafted him, comes down here and... the last game of his rookie season, he just tore his shoulder all to hell. Course, as we know, no... No team in the league's gonna touch him after that. Figured his life was about over. Went through some really bad times. But getting on the highway patrol is what saved him. Then he worked Narcotics for a while. I mean, the guy's really, really on the cutting edge. (laughing) You know what he did just for fun? He wrote a proposal to modernize the entire Department of Public Safety. (laughing) Well, I'll tell you what, C.D. The next time I'm in a gunfight, I'll read it. Well, Cordell, don't feel threatened. Nobody expects you to come smiling into the 21st Century. Hey, Jimmy. Trivette! Hey, Jimmy. Jimmy. Looks can be deceiving, you know. Not those looks. How you doing, Jimmy? All right. Jimmy Trivette, Cordell Walker. You guys are gonna be working together. Yeah. Good to meet you, Walker. Heard an awful lot about you. Some of it good, some of it... But... guess the best thing to do is keep an open mind, huh? (chuckles) How's the water? It's terrific. It's fantastic. Perfect temperature. Not too much chlorine, you know. Time out, okay? I gotta grab my napalm. Yeah. Just give him a chance, Cordell. My training drink. Getting ready for a triathlon. Got carrot juice mixed with parsley, cucumber, spinach and apple. It's delicious. Jimmy here's one of them juicetarians. He practically lives on that stuff. Hey, want a hit? No, thanks. I'm trying to cut back. Well, look here. Got that meeting to get to. Hey, I'm not officially checked in yet, but Captain Price had me take a look at the report on that bank robbery. So I took the liberty of running it through some computer reports of similar robberies. Non-specific. Just from the same neighborhood, methodology. Came up with exactly three. A jeweler's, a dry cleaner's and a check-cashing store. And the robbers all wore wigs, just like at the bank. How'd you know? I checked too. Without computers. Did you get a chance to take a peek at the inventory of what was stolen? Some money, clothes. Yeah. That's all they knew when they filed the initial crime report. See, I doubled back with the insurance company and ran it through their claims computers. They stole clothes from the dry cleaner's, yeah. Twelve paramedics' uniforms. Interesting, isn't it? ( pensive theme playing) I'm gonna love him? ( ominous theme playing) MAN: Tell me what you know of explosives, Mr. Cobalt. C4 in particular. I know all I need to know. That is not an answer. Be specific. Well, which part, the buying or the selling? I can supply the material. I require a craftsman. Well, hell, that's the easy part. I made bombs as small as a music box or big as a suitcase. Any size, shape, force or magnitude, I'm your man. References? (chuckles) Well... You know, these guys don't exactly want their names on a résumé, now, do they? (crunching) Well, I did do a little job for the Libyans a while back. Big job, actually. Primo bucks. They gave me half a million just to set up the... You are a liar, Mr. Cobalt. Hey, now wait a... Two kinds of operatives work for the Libyans: the silent and the recently deceased. Now, I know you are not the former. Would you care to be the latter? Okay, okay. All right. Just trying to make it sound a little better, that's all. But the fact is, I am qualified. I can do any job you got, I swear. Remove him. And on the way out, explain why one should never lie to a potential employer. Consider yourself lucky you're leaving this room alive, Mr. Cobalt. (grunting) Find me someone else. Tonight. Captain. How'd your meeting go with the new guy? He'll do fine. Anything new on the robbery? We managed to ID the robber Mobley killed. Pete Sims out of Miami. Any priors? Tons of 'em. All for bank heists. Used C4 to blow the safes. Wait a minute, captain. The team that hit the jewelry store used C4. Where you going? Check out a hunch. Come on, Trivit. Trivette. Here. Hold this till I get back. ( slow rock theme playing) I'll do the talking. You just hang loose. Hey, Walker. Long time no see. What's it been, June? July? Yeah, about that. Listen, I got a new shipment of SIGs in here. You need to buy yourself one of these. That's the best doggone handgun made. I've got one, Lamar. What I need is some information. You know me, Walker. I'll help you if I can. Where would a guy go to get some C4? Now, I don't know if I can help you with that. That stuff's illegal. WALKER: So is upgrading semiautomatics to automatics, Lamar. LAMAR: Why are you doing this to me? The kind of information you're askin' can get a man hurt permanent. It'll be just between you and me. Okay. There's one guy I know about. He says he can get rocket launchers, bazookas, C4, anything you need. Goes by the name of Cobalt. ( ominous theme playing) WALKER: Cobalt. That's it? He's a shooter. Lives down at the gun range. And, listen, you find this guy, you be careful. He's a real tripwire. (gunshots) (gunshots) WALKER: Texas Ranger, Cobalt. Lay the weapon down. ( tense theme playing) Never thought the DMV would send a Ranger down here just to collect on a few parking tickets. ( suspenseful theme playing) (Cobalt screams) (Trivette speaking indistinctly) Oh, come on! (door opens) How come you're pumping so hard, Trivit? I thought you were supposed to be in great shape. Well, you drove and I ran, so next time, I'll drive and you run. I don't think so. Question: Why is Cobalt so scared of you? Because I'm a scary kind of guy. I busted him once. I hope he's still laughing when you question him. WALKER: Cobalt, stop playing games. We found enough guns in your place to start a small revolution. Big deal. Run a trace. I got it all legal. (chuckles) Anyway, so what if you are right, and some wacko did come to me asking to buy C4? So what? Doesn't prove nothing, does it? That wacko may have killed a friend of mine. So you better take this serious. Real serious. I'm gonna give you five minutes. MAN: You pick up that warrant? MAN 2: Right. MAN: No, that's fine. MAN: No problem at all. Yeah. Well, I would suggest... Why do you have all those glasses? Spares. I keep breaking them every time I get into a fight. Must happen a lot. Hey, bad temper, man. Sometimes I can't help myself. I turn into an animal. So how's it going with Cobalt? It's going. Yeah. You think you can do better? Heh, what took you so long to ask? ( playful theme playing) Time's up, Cobalt. No, no, no. Get him out of here, now. Come on, come on. Nice to see you again, Cobalt. Aren't you gonna congratulate me? Take a look at the badge. You guys made him a Ranger? You're nuts. You know what this guy did to me? Like I should care, right? But just get ready to spend all the state's money on lawsuits. I'm out of here. No, no, no, man. Me alone with him? I don't think so. I don't think so. What's the statute of limitations on civil suits? I think I might have to sue this guy. Assuming they can find the corpus delicti. We can make this easy, or we can make it hard. The choice is yours, Cobalt. Sit down. (sighs) Ever seen one of these before? Genuine souvenir Texas horsefly. Gifts shops are full of them. Makes them practically impossible to trace. I doctored it up, put in a little C4, a timer. How much bang has it got? Well, we'll know in, uh... In exactly nine seconds. No! (grunts) ( ominous theme playing) Well done, Mr. Boggs. Welcome to the team. COBALT: So I'm standing there in this, uh, magazine place, just kind of joy-cruising. TRIVETTE: Doing what? Paging through centerfolds. And I happen to pick up this certain publication that caters to, uh, mercenaries and war freaks. And my eye happens to see this ad that promises rich reward for men who are not afraid of danger. And, of course, you just couldn't resist. So I called it. And about five minutes later, this guy calls me back. I tell him my qualifications, and he says to meet him at the post office on Clemson Street. I figure, it's Saturday he's... What are you...? What...? Just stick to the facts, Cobalt. Just tell us what happened. You're not gonna do anything crazy to me again, are you? Let me tell you something. Torture is illegal. Hm? Did you know that? Hm? Okay, these two big guys, they blindfold me, and they put me in back of a gray van. I saw that before they, uh, put the blindfold on, you know. Did you notice the license number? Yeah. I notice everything. B0A024. Of course, you'd better write it down, huh? I-it was obviously stolen, because three minutes later, they switched cars. And from the sound of that engine, I figure it was a late-model domestic... It's a waste of time. You're wasting my time with speculation. I told you stick to the facts! Hey, just stop it, man! Just stop it. 'Cause I'm freaked out enough as it is already, with that damn lunatic sticking that light in my eye. And I'm a hostage. I don't know if I'm gonna get out of there alive, especially when he says I'm lying. And he's right, I am lying, but why should that be reason not to harm me? And how's he know I'm lying, unless he knows who did do that book bomb for the Libyans? If he knows that, he's CIA, baby. Get it? Big-time, huh? S... So just don't pressure me. I'll tell you, okay? I'll just tell it my own way. (sighs) ( ominous theme playing) So where'd he take you? Some sleazebag motel. Puke-green carpets and, like, uh, some red hibiscus things on the bedspread. (chuckles) I never saw his face, if that's what you're wondering, okay? I told you he had these big photographer's lights that shined right in my eyes. I was blinded almost the whole time. To tell you the truth, I didn't see a damn thing. Okay. He... He... He... He had black cowboy boots, and he was eating pistachio nuts. That's all. That's all. Let's go buy some mercenary magazines. Why? You're going undercover. Why me? You said you're an animal. ( upbeat country theme playing) This is it. Here. You're right. That's gotta be the ad Cobalt was talking about. The number is probably a pager. Let's call it and find out. MAN: Oh, really? I've got a beep. Here it goes. When they call back, you can answer. Cordell, this could be a bad time, but...? It is a bad time right now, C.D. Well, I... I just want you to meet some people, that's all. Well, actually, they're kids. Just over here. (rings) It's all yours. Here. TRIVETTE: Yeah, hello? Juanita, Jason, Kenny, say hello to the most famous Texas Ranger alive or dead. WALKER: Hi, kids. Well, he's exaggerating a little bit. Especially about the dead part. (chuckles) You guys scoot on down to that there table over there. Get anything want. Compliments of Ranger Walker. (chattering) Well, I'll tell you what, Cordell... if that don't break you heart. You know that every one of them little folks is from a homeless family? You're doing it to me again, C.D. I can see it. Doing what? Is eight seconds of your time too much to ask to help build a shelter for little kids like that? Eight seconds? Eight seconds or less. It just depends on how long you can stay on that bull. What bull? The bull that I told them that you was gonna ride for the charity rodeo over at Billy Bob's. Look, I-I-I even told them that you were state champ. Oh, for crying out loud, C.D., that was five years ago, and I wound up in the hospital. It... It's like riding a bicycle. One... Once you learn, you don't forget. Hey, kids, he's gonna do it, and he thanks you for letting him help. ALL: Yay, Walker! You're gonna be the death of me yet, C.D. Walker, I got it. They're gonna meet me at the corner of Griffin and Corbin. They're gonna pick me up there and take me someplace for an interview. You have any close friends, Trivit? Trivette. Yes, I do. Shoot 'em while you still can. ( suspenseful theme playing) Trivit, can I ask you a question? Your dime. About Cobalt, are you ever gonna tell me why he's so scared of you? (chuckling) Yeah, I'll tell you. That time when I busted him, it didn't hold up in court, so they sent him home. They released him. And I guess that night, while he was asleep, a whole bunch of snakes got into his apartment. Slimy little buggers were crawling all over the place, and, somehow, all the electricity got shut off, and all the doors got locked, and for some reason, he blames me. Can you believe that? Did you do it? Come on, Walker. You know me. Not yet, but I'm learning. (chuckles) Say, roll it down. You can't park here. It's a restricted area. That's the car. I don't like the way this looks. Let's get the hell outta here. ( fast, tense theme playing) (engine starts) Hey! (engine starts) (horn honking) (horns honking) (gunshots) (car alarm blaring) Go, go, go! (siren wailing) (gunshots) (horn honking) (tires screech) (horn honking) ( suspenseful theme playing) (gunshots) (gunshots) (panting): At least I got the license number. Probably stolen. Yeah, probably. It's the only good lead we had too. Well, welcome to the Texas Rangers, Trivit. Trivette. Well, it's all in a day's work... Trivit. (sighs) He's never gonna get it right. ( ominous theme playing) What exactly is your specialty? Well, let's just say I was better at killing people than I was at international politics. Trouble with your employer? INTERVIEWEE: Partner. It's past tense now. I'm proud to say I don't have a single living enemy. And who did you work for last? Orson, you son of a... Is that you? (chuckles) INTERVIEWEE: Still can't believe it. Last time I saw you was just before you went inactive. What, two years ago? ORSON: Almost three. Here I figured you'd be head of Clandestine Ops by now. What happened? Remember that drunk, Peterson, that had a hand at selling C-130 parts to Qaddafi? I thought you fired him. I did. But then he started telling everybody that I was unloading the parts myself and keeping the money. Now, why would he go and say a thing like that? I don't know, but by some strange coincidence, he disappeared. Anyway, I got tired of piggybacking the big stuff, slicing off little pieces. It was time to go for the mother wave and ride it all the way to Switzerland. Now, am I allowed to ask what you have in mind? Look around you, J.J. How many banks do you see? ( pensive theme playing) Four. We're gonna do all four? At the same time. Damn, Orson. Nobody ever accused you of thinking small. No, they didn't. WALKER: My gut's telling me that this is bigger than it looks. All we've got is there's a new gang in town pulling robberies. Right? Except for the bank job, they're mid-level heists. Jeweler's and a dry cleaner's. I mean, we're not talking Billy the Kid here. What if all these jobs are trial runs? What if this guy's putting together a crack team to see how well they work together, before he goes after the big heist? All right. You may have a point there. Okay, when I get back to the office, I'll make some calls. I'll find out what's coming into town. What are we talking about here? Heavy-duty stuff, right? Brink's deliveries, art collections, that sort of thing. Right. Yeah. (sloshing) Why do you slosh that around in your mouth like that? Activates the digestive juices. Can I ask you a personal question? Let me guess. You're sitting there wondering what a guy who grew up in Baltimore is doing in the Texas Rangers. How'd you know? Because believe it or not, Walker, you're obvious. Well, does that entitle me to an answer? Okay. When I was a kid, every Saturday morning, I used to get up and sneak into the living room and watch my favorite TV show... about the most famous Texas Ranger of all time. Last surviving member of a squad ambushed by bandits, nursed back from death by an Indian, he became... Huh, don't tell me. That's right, man. The Lone Ranger. See, you gotta understand where I come from. It's concrete and asphalt, and guys hanging out on the corner doing nothing but getting into trouble. There's no right. There's no wrong. It's just whatever gets you through the night, man. You got guys telling you what you can't do, what you can't have, what you can't be. But now here comes this guy on a white horse, and he goes where he wants to go. He does what he wants to do. He's got the guts to say there is a right, there is a wrong. And he's out there under the stars. There's no tenements. There's no street signs. There's no liquor stores as far as the eye can see, just total freedom. Now, can you imagine what that meant to a kid growing up in a place like that? No, I can't. Childhood fantasy, right? And I never thought anything like that was gonna happen to me. But then I ruined my shoulder playing football, And I'm not exaggerating when I tell you that I could have gotten into some serious trouble if it hadn't... Hadn't been for that old coot over there. TRIVETTE: An honest-to-God Texas Ranger who became my friend. C.D.'s the one that got me into law enforcement. Helped me get back my pride. He said if I really wanted it, and I stuck it out, that I could end up like the man who rode the white horse through my Saturday mornings in Baltimore. And here you are. Here I am. Wearing a silver star. And driving Cordell Walker crazy. Mm. Too hot. Mm-hm. Oh, thank you. Thank you, dear. (knocking on door) I'll get it. Well, hello there, little darlin'. (screams) Go away! Leave us alone. MAN: I can't believe you folks is still here. After you was politely asked to leave. Not a wise decision. So we're gonna give you a little free transportation all the way to Oklahoma. We're even gonna throw in free meals. MISHA: Go away, or... Get 'em! MAN 2: Jean, get out here! Can't you idiots handle a couple of women? ( suspenseful theme playing) Lisa, would you go behind my pickup truck and pull down the tailgate for me, please? Yelena, would you stand over there too? Ranger, we're leavin'. You're leaving, all right. But you're going to jail. No way. No more jail. Never! (cracking) Aah! Aah! Ow! Uhh! I'm goin'! (screaming) Oh, my nose! Ohh! God! You... Let me see. You broke my nose. I'll fix it. (screaming) Nah. Looks better the other way. Ranger! You screwed up. You forgot to read us our rights. You're right. You have the right... to remain silent. (groaning) (neighing) Aren't you missin' one? Not anymore. COMMENTATOR: Gotta get off the rope. He can't withstand this barrage... I could have beat either one of these bozos. These guys are pretty good, Orson. Look, you're just saying that 'cause you never saw me fight. I have. No, thank you. I saw him cut two guys to pieces. Two guys at the same time. Orson. My source came through. Guess who drove that truck the other day. A Texas Ranger. Is that right? Yeah, and he's a close friend of the one that got killed at the bank. I knew this was gonna come back to haunt us. Those people aren't fun to mess with, Orson. When I was still with the company, I crossed one of them once. They make their own rules as they go. Worse than the FBI. Yeah. "One riot, one Ranger." That's what their motto is. This guy's named Walker. And from what I can pick up, he's the worst of the bunch. Unless you like challenges like that. Now, what's that supposed to mean? Listen and learn. Boggs, this is Orson Wade. I have a special order for you. You know those Texas horseflies that you make so well? Well, I need another one in a small cardboard box, and I need it tomorrow morning. "One riot, one Ranger." Well, guess what. I'm changing it... to one horsefly, one Ranger. (door opens and closes) What's on? I missed Peoples' Court last night. Tape of the bank robbery. That's the guy that killed Bob Mobley. A blind man? No more blind than you and I. Notice anything unusual, uncle? Sure. The beard's false. That man's trying to look old. Anything else? Kanock nask. The spider that lives on his hand. It's black. It could kill. Washoe. I had a dream last night. You were all alone in a desert... and it became dark. Black, like the spider. It was only noon and the sun was gone. Be careful, nephew. WOMAN: Yes, we have several customers who are blind. I generally help them set up the account, make out their deposits and withdrawals. Have you had any new customers, say, in the last two weeks? Only one. A gentleman that came in about two days ago. I remember because he wanted to use the restroom, and I showed him the way. Was he about my size, black beard, wearing a Stetson hat? Why, yes, I believe he was. Do you know him? Could I take a look at his account? Well, normally I'd have to check with our manager, but, as I recall, he didn't actually open the account. He just came in, asked some questions, used the restroom and left. Now, may I ask you a question? Yeah, sure. Are you married? Do you know my uncle Ray? No. (moans) Looking for somebody? Uh, Cordell Walker. He's out. His desk's right around the corner. Thanks a lot. What's that smile all about? We did it. Those three animals were indicted on all counts, not to mention breaking and entering yesterday and assault with a deadly weapon. Great. Mr. Walker? I'm never gonna be able to thank you. Ever. The way you're feeling is thanks enough for me, Lisa. ( lilting country theme playing) And I'm never gonna forget what you told me. That's our secret, okay? Okay. So, what now? She's going back to the circus with Yelena and Misha. They're meeting it in Waco. In fact, if we don't hustle, you're gonna miss your bus. (chuckles) If you don't mind, I'll take one of those too. I could get used to that. Terrific. All I need is a crazy cowboy. Hi, Mildred. Walker, you had a package come for you while you were out. Who was it from? How should I know, Walker? I'm not as nosy as the man sitting at your desk. Make yourself comfortable. Already did, thank you. Where'd this come from? That box. I already opened it for you. Figured it might be something perishable. You figured it was something to eat. You know what your problem is? You're still mad at me for hoodwinking you into riding in that charity rodeo. Well, guess what. I hooked Jimmy into it too. Trivette? Yeah. Signed him up as a clown. Good choice. Ain't you gonna ask me what I'm reading? No name, no card. Nothing. This here is The Abridged Sigmund Freud Portable Reader. Book takes a lot of concentration. That's why I come over here. I needed some quiet. I figured since I was doing that advice column, I might as well bone up on a little psychology. Boy, I tell you, I don't know what... What was going on between this guy and his mother, but, buddy... he was one weird dude. Isn't this strange, C.D.? An ashtray. Everybody knows I don't smoke. (phone ringing) Walker. Sorry. Wrong number. (beeps) He's there. ( suspenseful theme playing) Get down! (alarms sounding) Is this quiet enough for ya, C.D.? I'm trying to follow your reasoning on this, Walker, but sometimes you leave me in the dust. Why would anyone be crazy enough to bomb a Ranger office, unless they were getting ready to make their move? And exactly what kind of move are you talking about? It's all in the information Trivit put together. There's an armored car delivery... To four Fort Worth banks, and he's intrigued... No, he's fixated. By that fact that they're all located in a four-block radius, captain. That's why the blind man cased them. He thinks they're not gonna do one. They're gonna do all four. This isn't the Normandy Invasion, Walker. It'd take an army to knock over four banks at one time. No, two teams leapfrogging it. Well, I say it's impossible. If you look at that printout, you'll find that the biggest single delivery tomorrow is to Southern Star across town. That's their target. I don't agree. You don't have to, Walker. The fact that they've started blowing up state property does not sit well with the governor. She suffers from the old-fashioned belief that we're responsible for maintaining law and order. Even as we speak, she's heating hot coals to pour over this entire department. Look, all I'm saying is that maybe you're too close to this one to be objective. With what happened to Mobley, it's understandable you'd take this kind of personal. You're right about that, captain. I do take it personal. ( slow, ominous theme playing) Can you tell me why I shouldn't kill all three of you right here where you're standing? Especially you, J.J. You're supposed to have experience... and brains. Why wasn't Walker killed? I don't know. There was enough C-4 in that ashtray to kill him 20 times. Hey, look, maybe it'll work to our advantage. Confuse 'em somehow. Your reasons stink, along with your reasoning. But I'm in a time bind and I'm running outta options. What are you standing around for? Get your teams together! Start setting up! Come on! (door closes) (upbeat country music playing) (people laughing, chattering) TRIVETTE: All right, granted, your theory's got some logic to it. But four banks? I just can't buy it. (clinking) Good. Good? Why does that make me suspicious? Because you're gonna cover the bank on the other side of town. That way, if I am wrong, you can bring in the troops. (clinking continues) C.D., why are you fidgeting? Oh, I'm trying to remember where my gas mask is. Gas mask? Yeah, gas mask. Oh, yeah. They're gonna be using tear-gas tomorrow. You can count on it. C.D., forget it. Tomorrow morning, you're gonna be sitting right over there, typing your lovelorn column. For your information, that is already completed for this week. And there ain't no law against a civilian bystander. C.D., you're my mentor. You're my guiding light. You cannot sit there and tell me that you agree with Walker's thinking. Well, I ain't saying that Cordell can't be crazy, but he ain't never been stupid. ORSON: These are banks one, two, three and four. Here's the one across town. The Southern Star. Boggs... you're gonna do your thing at 10:05. Colley, James, you're gonna be in position at 10:08. Now, team one enters their first target at 10:09. Team two enters their first target at 10:09. And that has gotta be exact, gentlemen. Not one second early or late. That goes for you too, J.J. I want you to move that truck on my schedule. Because we are gonna give Fort Worth the biggest surprise that they have ever had. (melancholy country music playing) Hey, partner. Why don't you go up to the house and get yourself some sleep? C.D., I just can't help thinking we're reading this guy all wrong. Well, Cordell, it's clear to me what's gonna happen. You're gonna ask the banks to close and they won't. Not based on a hunch. Captain Price is gonna object for the same reasons. And you probably won't get the nine men you need. So come tomorrow, one of two things are gonna happen. You'll either muddle through it or you won't. Either way, it ain't gonna change the course of history. Are you listening to me? You know, C.D... when you're right, you're right. (bird screeching) Morning, Mobley. My friend... go with the spirit of the owl. He will see all things for you. Go with the spirit of the hawk. He will protect you on your final journey. Go with the spirit of the eagle. He will soar you to your father. Your father awaits you. Payback time. ( determined synthesizer theme playing) I'm gonna put you behind this desk. Uh, is he under orders to shoot? No, just to protect your customers and personnel. Okay, stay alert. Park it over there. Hey, Walker, you got any activity on your side of town? Nothing. But the banks will be at maximum cash flow between 10 and 11. Yeah, well, if you're right, we don't have long to wait. Explain something to me, Trivit. As long as it only requires basic English, Cordell. How'd you play professional football wearing eyeglasses? You ever hear of contact lenses? That's the question. Why aren't you using them now? Because women say glasses enhance the shape of my face. Any other questions? Not today. Yeah. Sign here, please. Thanks. That's gross. Who sent you that thing? I don't know. There isn't any note. (tires screeching) Howdy. C.D., what the heck are you doing here? Mobley was my friend, too, Cordell. Besides, that's my bank over there. You can't stop me from making a deposit. C.D.! ( suspenseful theme continues) Damn! Is everybody in position? MAN: Affirmative. Stand by. We're counting down. Margaret, cover for me. I'm going across the street for a minute. It's going down. It's here, like I told ya. I need every unit at the Southern Star Bank, now! (alarm ringing) (Rangers yelling) (alarm wailing) (multiple sirens wailing) ( slow flute theme playing) UNCLE RAY: I had a dream last night. You were all alone in a desert. It became dark. Black, like the spider. It was only noon and the sun was gone. Be careful, nephew. (tires screeching, sirens blaring) Come on, let's go! Move it! Move it! Move it! Come on! Go! Go! Go! (horn honks) (pedestrians yelling, screaming) (gunfire stops) Aah! Cordell! Aah! MAN: All right, stay down. Stay down. C.D., you'll be the death of me yet. I don't see you bleedin'. I didn't get that shavin'. Is it bad? No, no. Here. Put this around it. (alarm ringing) Take some deep breaths. (sirens approaching) (guns cocking) It's a bomb! It's a diversion! Get back to Walker! Lamar and 7th! Everybody move! Tom, come on, let me take that car! (sirens starting) ( suspenseful synthesizer theme playing) MAN: Nobody move, nobody gets hurt. MAN 2: Stay on the ground and keep your mouth shut. Nobody moves! (woman and men screaming) Cops! Do it now. ( suspenseful synthesizer theme continues) MAN 3: All right, everybody out now! Quickly! Let's go! Come on! Hurry! Hurry! Come on! (slams) ( suspenseful synthesizer theme continues) (tires screeching) MAN: Move! MAN 2: Let's get outta here! C.D.: Hold it! Hold it! Get on the ground right now. Do it! Who the hell are you, anyway? C.D. Parker. Texas Ranger. Retired. Well, semi-retired. (sirens approaching) Halt! Texas Ranger! You're under arrest! (shotgun blast) Drop your guns! Get down! Freeze! Get on the ground! Now! COP: Drop your weapons! Yaah! (grunting) ( soft flute theme playing) UNCLE RAY: Kanock nask. The spider that lives on his hand. It's black. It could kill. Texas Ranger. Here. Take this. Ohh! Damn! And I liked this pair. Dog... That was great work, son. I wish Cordell could have seen that. Why disillusion him? ( suspenseful theme continuing) (grunts) So you're Walker, huh? Good guess. They tell me you're the best. Oh, yeah? What do you think? Having fun yet? (cracking) This is for Mobley. ( triumphant guitar theme playing) (crowd cheering) (bells clanging) (buzzer buzzes) ANNOUNCER: Let's hear it for our rodeo volunteer clowns! What a great job they do. ( announcer speaking indistinctly) James, is that you? Ain't Bozo, counselor. Do you know anything about this clown stuff, Trivit? I don't understand what the big deal is. All you gotta do is a little dance, then jump in that barrel and watch the carnage. Nice show. (grunting) Tom Jenkins on Bumper Pleasure. (crowd cheering) (buzzer buzzes) This is definitely not a recreational sport. Let's hear it once again for our voluntary clown. Now, this bull here... Hell, he'll kick hard, and he'll kick high. He belly-rolls, and he's got a lot of drop. (upbeat music playing, crowd cheering) (buzzer buzzes) That one looks horrible. (grunts) He's a bad one, all right. He's called the Terminator. The thing with him is you don't know what he's gonna do. He's a very unpredictable bull. And when you go off of him, you gotta be really careful because he'll put a horn right through ya. Okay, good people, here's what you been waiting for. Riding for the Children's Relief Fund, our own Cordell Walker! BOY: Yeah, Walker! Listen to them. You're a celebrity. Hey, Cordell, you better do good out there. You got your whole fan club watching you. Okay, folks, if you got a weak heart, you better go on home. 'Cause the next man out of the chute: Cordell Walker, riding 2000 pounds of death and destruction, the ever-fearsome Terminator! I should have known. Hey, you don't have to blow a gasket. How do you think we got all these people, made all that money? If I live through this, C.D., you're a dead man. (chuckles) WOMAN: Let's go, all right! Well, folks, this is the highlight of the evening, the event you've all been waiting for: Cordell Walker riding the Terminator for you. That's right, for the Children's Relief Fund. (groans) ( announcer continues indistinctly) ( stirring theme playing) Loosen it up. Okay, tighten it. Okay. (grunts) Okay, boys. (bull grunts and crowd cheers) (buzzer) You didn't stay on very long. I only needed eight seconds. ANNOUNCER: I don't know, folks. That bull... Hey, does that mean he's gonna charge? Shut up and run, Trivette. Hey, you got my name right! ( upbeat theme playing) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 