Walker, Texas Ranger: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Walker, Texas Ranger 
 s1e3 - A Shadow in the Night - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Walker, Texas Ranger (1993–2001): Season 1, Episode 3 - A Shadow in the Night - full transcript 
 Walker fears he may have to take down an old friend in town from Japan, knowing the man has ties to the Japanese mob. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I trust there has been no more problems with customs. No, I made a few phone calls, straightened out a few attitudes. We can resume shipments whenever you want. Good. And your wife. She is well? Yeah, fine. Thank you. Uh, Mr. Usagi, there is one more thing I need to talk to you about. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ah, yes. The true reason for your invitation. Mr. Usagi, I have a friend, a business associate. For some time now, he's been trying to interest you and your associates in a proposition that would increase our profits many, many times. But for reasons I can't understand, we've been rejected out of hand. Very shortsighted of everyone involved. This man... is your partner? Yes. Then I fear we have nothing more to discuss. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Thank you for the tea. I'm not through with you, old man. We still got a deal to work out. Your deal has been considered and rejected. There can be no appeal. This is how you repay my trust? Had I known this man would be here, I would not have come. You especially wouldn't have come alone, would you, Usagi? I'd remember that if I were you. No bodyguards this time. Gentlemen, there's no need for threats. I do not threaten, Leo. As your companion has said, I'm just an old man with no bodyguard. Jaeker, no! What the hell have you done? He's yakuza, you idiot. Don't you understand what that means? You kill one of their leaders, they'll hunt you down if they have to crawl to the end of the earth. You better pray they don't find out you were involved. Because you're in this as deep as I am, partner! Yeah, I want to make a reservation for the first plane leaving for the United States. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to Dallas. Dallas, Texas. Just got it in direct from the governor's office. Seems like there's someone been taking potshots at Congressman Leo Cabe. From what I hear, it could be half the members of his own party. Don't get political on me, Walker. Just listen. According to the report, one bullet demolished his living room window. Another came within an inch of hitting him while he was riding in his car. Why are we just hearing about this? He's tried to keep it quiet. He's a stubborn man. He likes to think he can take care of himself. After the first incident, if it was the first, his wife called 911. Police showed up, but he refused to file a report. The second time, he was driving. Again he refused to file a report. This is a U.S. congressman, isn't it? That's why I'm assigning you two to protect him. Eight-hour shifts with two hours overlap. That'll guarantee that one or both of you will be on duty 24 hours a day. Sounds like he doesn't want protection. Then, Walker, I guess it's your job to convince him. I'm impressed. You would be. Who says politicians are overpaid, huh? Walker, Trivette. Texas Rangers. Come in, please. Thank you. My God. We have entered Xanadu. You're Ranger Walker? Yes, ma'am, and this is Ranger Trivette. Are you Mrs. Cabe? Yes, welcome. He's in his office. This way, please. I'm happy someone was able to persuade my husband to accept protection. Well, let's say we're working on it, ma'am. Leo? You have a very nice home. Thank you. Hi. Sorry, I was working. Leo, this is Ran... Yeah, yeah. I know. Come in. I'm Ranger Walker, this is Ranger Trivette. We've been assigned to protect you. I want you to understand I'm not happy about this. Not happy about it at all. And we appreciate your concerns, congressman. I really doubt you do. I'll make this brief and to the point. I don't want you here. I don't need protection. Congressman Cabe, have there or have there not been attempts on your life? Threats are a part of civil service. Comes with the office, the stationery, the congressional handshake. Look, this guy was probably just some crazy who's 1000 miles away from here by now. If that's the case, we'll know soon enough, won't we, congressman? All right. Fine. Kemai, give Mr. Walker and Mr...? Trivette, sir. Trivette a room. The east wing will do. Uh, first of all, we're gonna need to take a look around your grounds, sir. Just as long as you stay out of my face, I don't care what you do. This way please, gentlemen. You took your damn time. Now, you just hold on. You shot the old man. And I told you then the yakuza was gonna come down on us, and that's exactly what we got. Now, I want you out of this state. And I mean gone. That suits me fine, but you're picking up the tab for whatever little vacation I decide to take, congressman. Otherwise, I'll save those assassins the trouble, blow your brains out myself. If you run into a couple of Texas Rangers that way, why don't you just tell them you're the gardener. Morning, C.D. The usual. Three eggs over easy, bacon and toast. What kind of toast? Uncle Ray. We have white, wheat, rye, corn bread... Toasted, right? What are you doing here? Trying to get your order. Where's C.D.? Well, he asked me to help out a couple of days. Said he had to give more thought to this "Advice to the Lovelorn" column he's been writing. You have a visitor. Yoshi! Yoshi! Ha-ha. I wondered if you would recognize the origami. Walker, it has been a long time. I know, it's good to see you. When did you get here? I arrived last night. You were not difficult to find. Have you met my Uncle Ray, I guess, right? And, of course, you know who this is. My nephew's told me a lot about you... About your experience together. Well, we go back a long ways, don't we, Yoshi? 1971. You were a young Marine. Very young. On medical leave in my country with a bullet wound that would've killed anyone less stubborn. I've always been grateful to your father for opening his house to my nephew. And his heart. Your father taught me everything I know about the martial arts. Walker, I wanted to know if you can you spend some time with me this evening and have dinner? I'm staying at the Wellingham. Uh, how about 6:00? I'm looking forward to it. It's a pleasure to meet Walker's most honored uncle. My pleasure. Thank you. My pleasure, Uncle Ray. Sayonara. Is he still in the same line of business, wa-sho? The yakuza? I hope not, Uncle Ray. I am told you are being less than cooperative. I don't know anything about this. Oh, you got to believe me. What I believe is irrelevant. If you tell me what happened, I may be inclined to mercy. I didn't do it. I swear I didn't do it. I noticed you broke the right arm. Yes, sir. Hm. Break the left. Okay, okay. All right! All right! All right, I was there! I admit it. But I didn't pull the trigger on the old guy. It was Cabe. It was Congressman Leo Cabe. I swear to God, it's true. The old man was the best of us. He was the calm at the center of our storm. Now that he's gone, only the wind remains. He was worth... 10 of you. Tell the others to be ready. We have much work to do. Unfortunately, I only have two lives to balance the equation. You caught me by surprise, Yoshi. Yes. It was quite obvious. Walker, how long has it been? Uh, nine years? Almost 10. About the time I joined the Rangers. I was sorry to hear about your father. He was a good man. Very patient. I was very sorry when he died. Yes, I still miss him. You were the only occidental he ever taught the martial arts. It's saved my life more than once, believe me. That's good. Why are you in the States, Yoshi? Business. Uh, import, export. My interests are, as you say, legitimate. Yes, it's less exciting, but, uh, survival rate much higher. I hope so, because if your business here is other than legitimate, our friendship won't stop me from coming after you. My friend... do not worry. The past is behind me. I look only to the future now. Well, as long as we understand each other. We always have, Walker. My work will be concluded here in a day or so, and I shall return to Japan. Walker, I hope it will not be another 10 years before we meet again. I hope not either, Yoshi. It was good seeing you. Sayonara. Where's the congressman? In his office. So far, so good. No trouble all day. You know, I've been thinking. Maybe he's right. Maybe it's just some nut who's gone away. Maybe. Oh, I almost forgot. They found a body out by the city dump. Have they identified the body? Well, see, that's the problem. Finding the body was the easy part. Price says the hard part is gonna be puttin' all the pieces back together before they can even think about identifying it. Come in. I thought you might like some coffee. Thank you. Cream? Sugar? Uh, no. Just black. Thank you. I appreciate your kindness. A wife's privilege. Your presence has given me the first good night's sleep I've had in two weeks. I'm glad to hear that. Forgive me for being so forward. Uh, do you have a family? Uh, no, ma'am. Do you and the congressman have any children? Uh, my husband and I have only been married three years. Uh, Leo doesn't wish children. Did you meet your husband in the States? Yes. I was trade liaison for the Wagasashi Corporation. Uh, my family considered it good business. Mrs. Cabe, I was going over your statement regarding the first attempt on your husband's life. You said it was a sniper, right? Yes. The bullet passed within inches of Leo's head. Well, according to the report, no one saw the shooter. No footprints, no fingerprints. Nothing. This troubles you? Anyone that good troubles me. What is wrong? The crickets have stopped. Yes, so they have. Where's the congressman? In his study. Stay here. Why didn't you tell us the yakuza was after you? I didn't know. Sir, we can't help you if you don't tell us everything that's going on here. Leo, please. They said... They said if I told the police, if I told anybody, they'd hurt Kemai. If I take chances on my own, that's fine, but I couldn't endanger her as well. Why does the yakuza want you dead? It started on a business trip to Tokyo last month. As a congressman, I can ease the way for certain kinds of exportation. Pull strings on certain trade agreements. They want a voice in Congress to help with their business interests. I refused. They said if I didn't cooperate, I'd be killed. A pure and simple case of extortion. I figured once I was back in the States, there was no way they could get to me. Quite obviously, I was wrong. So, what do you think? He's lying, but I don't know why. So, what's our next move? I'm gonna see a man about a dragon. This dojo is private. No lesson. I'm not here for any. Have you seen anyone wearing a tattoo like this? No. Not very observant. Perhaps if you are seeking someone, I could take a message. It's already been sent. I'll just wait. As you wish. Did you learn anything? Did you teach anything? I would be glad to teach you a lesson you never forget. So teach. Hai, sensei. I know that one already. Walker... you should not have come here. The insignia of your clan. Why, Yoshi? I can't believe you're into extortion. Extortion? Is that what the congressman said? Yes, I suppose he would. The truth... hardly serves. What truth? His name was Mitsua Usagi. After my father died, he became my teacher and mentor. The yakuza have a tradition of violence, you know that, Walker. But Usagi was calm and wise, and he prevented us from making mistakes in anger that saved us countless lives. Two weeks ago, he was murdered. Congressman Cabe and his partner were responsible. Who is his partner? A man called Jaeker. We found his body out at the dump. He stole our treasures from wealthy collectors here in your country! Paintings and statuary that were created by Japanese masters throughout the history of our civilization. And Congressman Cabe was able to bypass customs by shipping the stolen treasures directly to his home in Tokyo. The home he claims to provide for his wife, Kemai. Wait a minute. Let me get this straight. Usagi was involved with Cabe? Cabe was a greedy man! He wanted to deal in imitations when the supply diminished. Usagi refused. All Usagi wanted to do was to reclaim what belonged to our heritage, and for that, Walker, he was murdered. So you killed Jaeker... and now you're trying to kill Cabe. Blood cries out for blood, Walker. It is a matter of honor, for me and for my house. You know I'll have to stop you, Yoshi. Then... perhaps it is our destiny. Goodbye, Walker. I wish it could be otherwise. We're not playing with you. We want to know where you got that rifle, and where you got the information. That's right. Now, we have more questions. Waste of time. It's their code of silence. You could cut off his fingers and toes and he'd never talk. But your friend, Yoshihito Sakai, he's yakuza. And he spilled his guts to you? Yoshi was like a brother to me once. He wanted me to know the truth. That one of this state's most revered congressman is a murderer and a thief? He's not revered by me. Absolutely not. They are not imitators. This is the real thing. Museum quality. Some of the best merchandise I've seen in a long time. All right, just give me the flight number. Yeah. Yeah, all right. Now, the container is gonna go directly from the airport to my house. I've made arrangements for you to pick it up. Just make damn sure you keep your end of the deal, okay? Right. Well, how long you been standin' there? I just came in. I want to talk to you. Now? Well, this is not a good time. Leo... I'm real busy, Kemai. It's difficult for me to understand why you didn't tell the authorities about the yakuza when your life was first threatened. I think you know the answer to that one, little girl. You lied to them, and you endangered my life as well. It's okay. The situation is well in hand now. I'm frightened, Leo. Well, now, don't be. I've made some arrangements with some powerful businessmen in your country. They understand that accidents happen. I've given them things they want, and in return, they've guaranteed to call off the renegade members of one of their clans. How can you believe that? The yakuza do not bargain. Oh, everybody has a price, darling, even you. And everything I've been able to accomplish in your country is the result of our wonderful marriage. Especially the loan-out privileges. But I'm not so sure I want to exercise that option anymore. You wanna play rough? That's fine by me. Let's just save it for the next time we're rollin' around on top of the sheets, huh? Mrs. Cabe, you shouldn't be out here alone. The house was becoming a prison. I was suffocating in there. Are you okay? Um, I had an accident. I can see that. Is there anything I can do? No. There isn't anything to be done. Would you like to talk about it? My husband is a very powerful man, Mr. Walker... with very powerful friends. Mrs. Cabe, there's a couple questions I'd like to ask you. Does your husband know a man by the name of Karl Jaeker? I don't know. Do you know anything about containers being shipped to your home in Tokyo? Mrs. Cabe, the yakuza doesn't come all the way across the ocean for someone, unless that someone has done something very serious to them. Do you understand what I'm trying to tell you? I'd like to help you. You are very kind. I think you know this is a dangerous place, Mr. Walker, so if you can, you should leave. I don't know about you, cowboy, but I could sure get used to this life in the fast lane. Suits me fine. With the money we make, Trivette, this is just about as close as you're going to get. I don't know. I just might find me a rich widow, somebody who loves champagne brunches, plays a mean game of tennis, you know? Good to see you. How are you? It's a pleasure to meet you. My wife, Kemai. No disrespect intended, but that's what I call a body of evidence. Don't give me that. The woman is a knockout, right? Well, Cordell, Cordell, don't you look spiffy. Counselor. Looking mighty handsome there, Ranger. I might vote you two the Rangers I'd most like to break the law with. You hear that? How come when she says something like that, it's okay, but when I do it, you give me that "don't be sexist" raised-eyebrow bit? Because she's the one in the dress. Glad you noticed. Yeah, right. Did you notice? Yeah, I noticed. Good to see you too. Joe, how are you? Hey! Hello, how's it going? All right. Good. I want you to meet my wife, Nancy. Excuse me. Mrs. Cabe? The last time I saw you, I had a feeling there was something you wanted to say to me. Was I wrong? Yes, you were, Mr. Walker, so please stay away, and leave me alone. Enjoying the party, Mr. Walker? It's Ranger Walker, and, no, this is not exactly my kind of place. No, I shouldn't think it is. Not with boots that smell of steer manure. I would appreciate it if you got back to the party. And what about my wife? Are you enjoying her? Or is she not exactly your kind of woman? I asked you to get back to the party, congressman. I can't wait to see the expression on your captain's face when I tell him you were out in the garden playing touchy-feely with my wife, while poor little old me was left unprotected in the house. That, I think, should just about take care of your pathetic little career. Leo, I have to talk to you. Alone. Congressman. She said "alone." Not without me. Damn you! I don't care who you are. You ever try to hit me again, or your wife... No! Ah! What the hell are you doing? She's my wife. You can't stop me from going. Get in. Trivette, this is Walker. Over. Yeah. Go ahead. The yakuza has Mrs. Cabe. I'm in pursuit. I have the congressman with me. Where are you? I'm on Front Street, just passing Harcourt. Get the units rolling, fast. Got it. Stay in the truck. Kemai. I'm sorry. I tried to warn you. So did I, but you did not listen. You always were a stubborn man. She belongs to you? No. I am doing a favor for her father. I am providing her with freedom from this marriage. My husband... wanted me to be a prostitute for the sake of his business. For money. For power. The shame of it made me want to die. I knew the congressman would come. I must do... what I have to do, Walker. I can't let you do that, Yoshi. Hyah! Hyah! Hyah! Hyah! Yoshi... You can still have your justice. Testify against Leo Cabe. I'm sorry, Walker, but that just doesn't fit into my game plan. Hey, I'm starting to smell the makings of a great story here. "The congressman survives shootout "trying to save his wife. Texas Ranger dies in crossfire." Front-page stuff, huh? It's worth four more years in Washington. Leo, please don't. What do you know, Walker? My little bride does have a soft spot for you. Yoshi. Walker... If anybody is going to kill you, it's going to be me. Shh. Don't talk. Walker... I want very much to go home. You will. Perhaps. Perhaps not. All right. What are you doing here, Trivette? You kidding me? Anybody who can take you on in a fair fight and hold his own, I gotta meet him. I'd laugh, but it hurts too much. Ranger Walker? Oh, hello, doctor. What...? What is the condition of, uh, Mr. Sakai? He made it through surgery all right, however, he's still critical. Well, can I see him now? You can poke your head in. Around the corner. Room 110, at the end of the hall. But no questioning for at least two days. Thank you. Thanks. Mm-hm. Are you supposed to be guarding the prisoner? Uh, yes, sir. Ahem, I was just, um... I mean, in his condition, he's not exactly going anywhere. What the hell? That... That's impossible. I want you to search every inch of this building from top to bottom. Yes, sir. Move! I'll get Forensics in here to check out the room too. It won't do any good. He's long gone by now. In his condition... You want my professional opinion? He won't make it past the parking lot. "Perhaps. Perhaps not." OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 