The Practice: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Practice 
 s1e2 - Part I - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Practice (1997–2004): Season 1, Episode 2 - Part I - full transcript 
 Bobby represents a man facing armed robbery charges. His strategy is to plead out to lesser charges. Eugene's client fears for her and her 11 year old son's safety, at the hands of her ex-husband. Eugene makes several attempts to get a restraining order. The situation has deadly consequences. Bobby tries to secure a loan and pays a visit to Jimmy Berluti, his friend and banker. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Susan! Go away! Hear me out. I've got nothing to say. I am taking the heat for hearing you out. They're mad upstairs that I copped to 10. The D.A. won't budge on Rachel Reynolds. Dan Moriarity skipped bail, which I put up personally, and I could use 'cause... the landlord is threatening to evict us again, and it's-- it's 2:30. Another day. [ Men Clamoring ] Come on! Quiet down! Quiet down! Just out of curiosity, anybody here who didn't do it? - [ All Shouting ] - I'm shocked. [ Chuckles ] When you were concealing the truth to protect your brother, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 might you act dishonestly to protect yourself? Objection. The witness is being taunted. Do anything like that again, I swear to God-- What? You gonna fire me? Am I gonna have to face not having a paycheck every week? You got somethin' to say to me, Ellenor? Do you? Let's keep this about the case. - You are scared. - [ Sighs ] You think it's tough defending the guilty, Lindsay? Try the innocent. It's terrifying. I did not exceed 60. This I can say with absolute certainty. How can you be so sure of that, Mr. Parks? First off, I have two small children. Uh-huh? And, uh, I am not in the habit of driving at excessive speeds. But second, I just picked up a cup of coffee. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Now I customarily put my coffee in the little, uh, holder on the door arm. And how is that relevant? Well, it's relevant in that my car shimmies if I go over 55. And coffee would have been splattering everywhere. Now I'm sure that the officer is, uh, conscientious in his job. But on this occasion, he was mistaken. Thank you. You, uh, say anything to the officer when he issued the citation? - Hearsay. - Hey. Traffic court. What did you say to Officer Grody, Mr. Parks? Well, I was upset at being, uh, unjustly cited. And, in addition, he was making me late for work, so, uh, I likely communicated my annoyance. Did you tell him Alan Dershowitz was your lawyer, and he would prove all cops are trained to lie under oath? I don't believe I said he was my personal attorney. Did you call Officer Grody a... "pus-infected donkey with the moral fiber of a disposable douche"? I don't-- That's something of a non sequitur. - I don't believe I would have said that. - Well, did you opine... that the reason women and children were being raped and killed... is because fat donkeys like him are too busy pinching speeders... - when they should be fighting serious crime? - I am a taxpayer. I'm-- - I have a right to my opinion. - Is any of this at all relevant? No. Guilty. See Probation. [ Gavel Raps ] Next case. Pay you? Why the hell should I pay you? This is my third appearance without-- Yeah, and you're 0-for-3. What kind of squat-head do you think I am? I'm gettin' sick of your repeated-- You're sick? So go puke! Listen, I'm the client. Maybe your only one. I'll garnish your wages. I'll give you something to garnish. [ Scoffs ] Taxi. Hey, how ya doin', Jumbo? Go get that doughnut. Ah. [ Scoffs ] Garnish my wages. Where to? [ Sighs ] I just want to turn the corner. Don't we all? [ Line Ringing ] [ Cell Door Opens, Closes ] [ Sirens Wailing ] A T.R.O.? For what? To keep him away, given the history of physical abuse-- What history? There's no documented proof that he-- I like to talk in whole sentences. There's been no suggestion of abuse in the pleadings. Because we're in "no fault." Plus, for the sake of the kid, we wanted-- - Stop using the kid as a trump. - I haven't finished. -Is it in the interest of the kid to restrain his father? -Permission to smack him. Hey! Don't intimidate me! Mr. Colson, why don't you let Mr. Young say what he has to say... before squealing like a distressed little pig? Would that be acceptable? Fine. We didn't allege violence because we hoped that this wouldn't get ugly. - Mm-hmm. And now? - It's ugly. Your Honor, divorced couples typically behave... in an antagonistic manner towards each other. And it does not behoove this court... - to intervene by issuing rash restraining orders-- - How long do we wait? Until he beats her into a coma? Who is interrupting me? - I was behooved! - Shut up! - Mr. Colson! - [ Sighs ] Your Honor, he does this on purpose. He goes to get my goat and he gets it. He gets it every time. I understand. Mr. Young, I'm not gonna allow your client to revise the facts. The pleadings will speak for themselves. He keeps physically threatening her and you won't allow-- Mr. Colson, instruct your client to stop with the threats and the intimidation, otherwise the T.R.O. will issue, and he will not see his child. Commonwealth versus Kenneth Hanks. Unlawful possession with intent to distribute controlled substances. We'll waive reading, what's left of it. Plead not guilty. I'd ask the court for a probable cause hearing. - You ready this afternoon? - Uh, sure. See if you can get the officer in. All right. Great. Oh, Lindsay? Busy. Oh, come on! One little probable cause hearing. You're done in an hour. Sorry. I'm fighting the tobacco industry this week. You're the exclusionary queen here, and I need you. I've got cocaine, vehicle search-- Oh, know what, Ellie? My mother's birthday was Sunday. I promised her... I wouldn't put any crackheads back on the street this week. Otherwise-- Yeah, that's very, very cute. But I'm serious about this. We have grounds, and it's an extra five if we squash it fast. - Ellenor? - Yeah? You know anything about this? "Single white female, attorney, 30-ish--" Where'd you get this? It was on the computer. Oh. Oh, yeah. No, I have, uh-- I have a client who's suing a dating service. I was just, uh, you know, typing all the evidence in for the file, that's all. Mmm. Oh. What? "Oh"? What, do you think you know, like, every little minute detail that goes on in this office? Evidently not. - [ Door Opens ] - I'm shutting down the practice. [ Door Slams ] Get your résumés out there. I'll try to string out three more weeks. You have a suppression hearing scheduled in 12 minutes. You see this? Huh? Eviction notice! These are the kinds of things that happen when you can't make the rent. Which is the kind of thing you can't make when clients don't pay. Are we anywhere close to a settlement on the tobacco case? Tell me. Ha. Right. We shuttin' down again. Oh, that's nice. Any decaf made? I've had it. We can't keep jugglin' like this. You haven't had it. Don't tell me you've had it. I've had it with your being had it. Eugene? Ruth Gibson. It's trouble. [ Horn Honking ] [ Chattering ] Said he was looking for his Social Security card. Said he had to look everywhere. Couldn't leave until he found it. He touch you? No, but-- [ Sighs ] Oh, God. Hey, son. Peter Pan. I always liked him. I'm Robin Hood. Right. Uh, how long was he here? Long enough to do all this. And look. - He stabbed it. - Uh, what? My cervical cap. He put a kitchen knife through it. All right, we're goin' back to court. Can I keep this? It won't be doing me much good. Keep your doors locked. Use your dead bolt. I'll have somebody pick you up. Uh, everything's okay, Mike. What if he hurts us? I'm gonna make sure that won't happen. Now listen to me, Lyle. Whatever happens, you stay completely calm. Well, how's it gonna go? We'll make our arguments. When the D.A. is making hers, you stay quiet, Lyle. Then after, the judge will either make his ruling or take it under advisement. Probably the latter. Will we win? We should. And if we suppress the videotape, you're home free. It's their whole case. The victim couldn't make you, so without the tape-- That's why we stay completely calm. I find the evidence to be admissible. Your Honor, given the inflammatory nature of that videotape, I don't know how-- [ Judge ] It shows what he did, counsel. Putting a gun to the temple of a person-- an elderly person-- robbing a grocery store, that's what's inflammatory. Your Honor, if the jury views that tape-- They might get an idea of what actually happened. God forbid. - The tape is admitted. - You son of a-- You don't care what you're doin'! You don't give a damn! Put him back in lockup! Your Honor. I'll now be asking that you recuse yourself, given my client's attack on your safety. I am not recusing myself, counsel. I'm sure your client is very distraught, and I promise to be understanding. I'll consider him misunderstood. Trial's set for Wednesday next. We've adjourned. [ Gavel Raps ] [ Chattering ] So, are you ever gonna tell me? Tell you what? About our new client. The one placing the personal ad. Lawyer-client privilege. [ Chuckles ] Ellenor, there is nothing wrong with it. I know. There's, uh, there's nothing wrong with not wanting to talk about it, either. It's, uh-- It's embarrassing, okay? My best friend met her husband that way. I was thinking about it, too. It's no big deal. Rebecca. It's embarrassing. Okay? Why am I here? I told you. To help me get this loan. This guy's a buddy of mine. This you told me. Why am I here? Shh. Just go along. Hey, Jimmy. 70,000? Come due in 90. With the usurious rates, this will help you get a promotion. Cut me a small break. - Do I ask for much? - You ask all the time, Bobby. And I give like a cow. I'm growin' udders here. We're very close to settling the wrongful death against T.L. Michaels. My associate here, Lindsay Dole, is handling the case. Do I look like I got a brain tumor? You think I think you're gonna squeeze a tobacco company? Watch 60 Minutes, Jimmy? I'm not as stupid as he thinks. Things are changing. They'll settle. If you got half a mil, which you won't, that's 150 on the contingency... divided by costs, fees-- You'd be lucky to clear 70, much less pay it back. You're a legal expert? Maybe I should throw you the case. I know what this thing is worth. I used to be a lawyer, remember? [ Chuckles ] A terrible lawyer. - Jimmy, you never won a case. - Suck up to me. That'll help. -Excuse me, are you two related? -No, just friends. So I thought. And this tobacco case? I looked at the file clearance. - The victim never had an autopsy-- - Again with the legal opinions. It was a stroke! Caused by vascular disease, caused by smoking. There's a new craze, Jimmy. It's called reading! I read. Your expert doctors-- Maybe you should try comprehending sentences-- Hey! What is going on here? He's askin' me to loan out on a dog. That's what's going on. Forget it. All right, Jimmy? Forget it. I am still loathe to issue a restraining order. How can you be loathe? He vandalized the house. He threatened her again. He stabbed her diaphragm with a kitchen knife. Look at this. Can I see that? I have seen a diaphragm before. My wife has one. But this looks like a thimble. He stabbed a rubber thimble. Are you tryin' to confuse this court? Your Honor, uh, I believe that is a cervical cap. - It's different from a diaphragm. - How? Well, the cervical cap is-- What difference does it make? He stabbed the thing. It's just lucky she wasn't wearing it at the time. Your Honor, Mr. Gibson has promised to seek therapy. He feels deep remorse-- Deep remorse? He doesn't feel the slightest thing. This is his first act of vandalism. He's dangerous. He represents a threat to my client's safety. He has promised to seek help. - And this is going on-- - Quiet, please. Does your client wish to press charges on the vandalism? - What good would that do? - You got to show imminent threat of bodily harm. Do I have to drag her in here in a body sack for you to find against this-- - Hey. Are you gonna hurt her? - Absolutely, 100% no. [ Sighs ] Mr. Young, show me a bruise, come in with a couple of stitches, something more than a punctured cervical cap. Now, Mr. Gibson, you go in that house without an invitation, it's trespassing. - It's my place too. - No, it isn't. You stay out. I've just been waiting for a chance to paste you. I don't think you want to give it to me. - Six years? - If we can get it. Armed robbery, you could get life. Six would be a great result. Trust me. For who? For you? So you don't gotta look at me no more? - What's your problem, Lyle? - My problem is, I don't trust you. [ Chuckles ] You were assigned to this case. I'm just a piece of snot you want to blow out your left nostril and be done with. Hey, don't flatter yourself, all right? You put a gun to an 80-year-old lady's head. If my snot sunk to your level, I'd be on antibiotics, and you can trust that. You want to fire me? Please do! [ Sighs ] [ Door Slams ] But as long as I'm assigned to your ass, I have an ethical obligation to present you with your best legal options, which is what I'm doing. I haven't even got it down to six years yet. You should only be so lucky. [ Sighs, Groans ] Uh, excuse me? It's 20 past. We're not going till half past. It might be nice to have some hint of the facts before-- Look, we've got vehicle search, we have container in the trunk-- You've done this in your sleep. Why can't you take care of it? I just don't have your gift for constitutional analysis. You owe me. I owe ya. I observed the vehicle to be weaving in an erratic manner. I suspected the driver to be under the influence of alcohol... or other substances, and I pulled him over. And when you went to the car? I smelled the slight odor of marijuana, and I saw some marijuana seeds on the console. Mm. And what did you do then, Officer Trimble? I placed the suspect under arrest, then I searched the vehicle, incident to the arrest. And that's when I found the cocaine in the trunk of the vehicle. [ Prosecutor ] Were there any other occupants in this vehicle, sir? No, there were not. And did you check the registration on this vehicle, sir? I did. The defendant was listed as the owner. Thank you. [ No Audible Dialogue ] - You pulled him over on suspicion of D.U.I.? - That is correct. And you detected a slight odor of marijuana? - Yes, I did. - Which told you what? That he had probably just finished smoking some marijuana. Then you opened the trunk, saw the briefcase? That's correct. - And you opened the briefcase, - discovering cocaine? - Yes. Is that what you were looking for? Cocaine? This was just a general search, incident to the arrest. So, you didn't say to yourself, when you smelled the pot, - "Boy, we got a big drug dealer here"? - No, I did not. It was kind of an innocent search, and you were surprised to find that cocaine? I was not looking to find cocaine. That is correct. When you opened that container, did you say, "Oh, my"? - Objection. - Withdrawn. Nothing further. Witness may step down. So, what do you think? What do we know about this judge? Well, Dukakis appointed him. He's a strict constructionist. Can we conference, Your Honor? He had no right to go into the trunk.Wimberly versus Superior Court... distinguishes casual users from drug dealers. This officer's testimony was clear. He concluded my client was smoking pot in the car. Casual use. That entitles him to search the car, but not the trunk. First of all, she's citing a California case. California judges themselves are casual users. Funny. You want more precedent? U.S. versus Nielsen, Tenth Circuit, 1993. Officer smelled burnt marijuana. Car search okay, trunk not okay. U.S. versus Seals, Fifth Circuit. And here, you really wobble. He not only went into the trunk, he opened a container. Chadwick? We've all read that one. Want me to reel off the cases sayin' the search is constitutional? 'Cause I can do that. No, no, no. Uh, I don't. Look, uh, I've been cut back to one law clerk. And I'm not going to waste two weeks of her time researching this pimple. I'll certify it to appeals, you can draft your briefs. Go upstairs and argue it, if that's what you really want to do. But on such a small amount of coke, I hardly think it's worth the time. So, what then? Well, let's plead him to the mis on the marijuana. Also, uh, plead guilty to the D.U.I. I'll, uh, continue the cocaine charge without a finding for a year. If he's a good boy, then the count will be dropped altogether. I'm not thrilled about junkin' the cocaine possession. I understand. But let's be real. Even Scalia might squirm on this one. You did no blood test, by the way. So you could even have trouble with the marijuana. Fine. Whatever. No, that's fine. Go, and be good citizens. Unbelievable. For somebody who hates criminal law, you're pretty good at it. Gee, thanks. I guess however it pays, right? [ Laughing ] Ah, Ben, baby. How's my favorite clerk doin' today? Tired. Listen, I've got an ex parte. I'm tryin' to garnish a deadbeat's wages. Can you slip it to Weaks? He's sitting in third. Legit? Yeah, very. Martin Parks. You remember. The stiff in the trademark injunction. Oh, yeah. Sad. Well-- Bobby's been in three times. Last one, traffic court. Guy hasn't coughed up a quarter. Hey, I'll take care of it. Here. You're a sweetheart. Thanks. Oh, oh, oh, oh. By the way. All right. Lyle Roberts, armed robbery, we're tryin' to cop to six. D.A.'s Susan Alexander. Can you give her a sniff for us? See if she'll wiggle? [ Sniffs, Laughs ] [ Laughs ] What was that? Me doin' my part. Now it's your turn to do yours. Excuse me? Look, Susan Alexander. We've been workin' her... to get Lyle Roberts cut down to six years. No, but Bobby says she's more responsive to female attorneys, except for me 'cause we don't get along. But she is gonna love you. Lyle Roberts. Yep. Armed robbery. You're gonna owe me again. Uh, nope. Bobby's gonna owe you on this one. You-You owe me. Okay? This is payday, Jimmy. This-- No-- No. I'm the piper. I'm standin' right here! No. No. No! You want me fired? You're not gonna get fired, because you're creative and you're talented. Your doors are closin', aren't they? I've had better months. [ Sighs ] You still got those blueprints? You know, for takin' over the empty space next to ya? Yeah, somewhere. Dust 'em off. I can't loan out on this tobacco case, but, uh, I'll give you a construction loan for office expansion. [ Groans, Sighs ] The space next to us is no longer empty. I never heard that. I never said it. Seventy. Ah! Not a nickel more. It's a point over prime, and you pay this. Thank you! Thank you. Why do you keep doing this? [ Sighs ] I mean, you could go to any firm you want. Ropes, Goodwin, Sullivan-- they'd gobble. Take a nice, fat paycheck. You don't have to keep lookin' over your shoulder for creditors... or clients who are lookin' to kill ya. Maybe I like lookin' over my shoulder. I've been listenin' to your dream for seven years and you ain't a step closer. And I'll get back to that dream tomorrow. Today, I got people countin' on me. I got associates lookin' to be paid-- I can't bail. I can't. Eugene, she's advertising in the personals. - How could she not be honest? - I'm not saying she should lie. But you could have put it more gently. "Big" seems a little blunt. What would you have told her? Uh-- I would have suggested... "shipshape." "Shipshape"? [ Laughing ] Shipshape. You got a tape recorder? Have a listen. Honey, please. [ Player Clicks ] [ Gibson's Voice ] Ruthie, honey? I am just so concerned, you bein' worried about your safety. And I started thinkin', hell, you must be just really worried livin' alone. I mean, somebody could just break in there and hurt you. I don't blame you for bein' scared. I'd be scared, too. But I just want you to know, honey, that I sympathize. I am very scared for you. I-I got a premonition, I guess, huh? Maybe you should just put up a sign that says, "No Trespassin'." - [ Player Clicks Off ] - That man is gonna kill me. I know it. Oh, Bobby, you should have seen her. She was citing cases off the top of her head. State, not just federal. Even the judge was backpedaling. She is a keeper. Yeah, I had a hunch. What the hell is dyin' in here? Jimmy. - What's up? - What? A friend can't, uh, say hello? One of your problems as a lawyer, Jimmy, was your lousy poker face. What are you doin' here? You're askin' my bank to float you 70 G's. I felt I'd better take a glance at the plank I'm walkin'. Especially since your T.R.W.'s growin' a fungus. [ Bobby ] You agreed to the loan. We have an oral on this. I ain't backin' off the loan. But I got superiors. They're gonna be askin' questions. I felt I'd better take a look-see. What do you think you're doing? I warned you. You don't pay your bills. You embarrass me in my place of business, having my wages withheld? Oh, I did that. Who the hell are you? "Single, white, loves horseback riding." - Rebecca! - Bunch of comedians, huh? You're gonna regret doin' this. [ Sighs ] Jimmy, come on. Mr. Gibson. Thank you for coming. Yeah. I'd like to know what this is all about. [ Eugene ] It's about settling this matter in an amicable way. Since Mr. Gibson is represented by counsel, it'd be against the canons of legal ethics... for me to speak to him outside the presence of counsel. That's why I was behooved to call you. You are not gonna get my goat. I'll make this quick. Most of my clients are criminals. Some are broke and even have to pay in trade. So much as go near your ex-wife again, drive by the house, leave a funny message on the machine, whatever-- I will be dispatching two of my delinquent accounts... to separate the tops of your kneecaps. [ Chuckles ] - Ha, ha-- - Hey, hey, hey! I'm glad you got a sense of humor to help you through the hard times. Hey, what are you doing? Who are you people, huh? What is this? Cowards make me crazy! I'm gonna tell you something. I'm gonna see you in jail. Do what you gotta do. I've got your address, too. [ Gasping ] [ Colson ] Come on. [ Door Opens, Closes ] Is this the kind of practice my bank is investing in? Excuse me, Jimmy. Eugene? A moment. You want to explain what that was? Self-help. Husband threatens the wife. The judge won't restrain. I don't want to take chances. The guy smells like a bomb to me. You're a lawyer, Eugene, not a P.I. anymore. You want to be taken seriously as a lawyer. This firm wants to be taken seriously in the legal community. That kind of crap does not help this practice. You got that? [ Knocking ] I got it. Bobby, your hookers are here. Clients, Rebecca. Yeah, your clients. They're here. Send 'em in. Hi, Bobby. Hey, Eugene. Salutations. There's been some anxiety concerning last week's police sweeps, together with recent court decisions regarding laws of entrapment. Let's review. [ Chuckles ] What is this? Tag team? How many lawyers does this Roberts guy have? We all cover for each other. It just seems, in the interest of judicial economy, a joint recommendation could save us all some time. I'm all for pleading this out, but not to six years. Listen, this guy is scum. I won't pretend. He could get two. What if we get an acquittal? Thought about that? [ Chuckles ] Not for a second. Have you? Six is a good compromise. Get him off the street for a long time, avoid a trial-- You're good. I'll settle for 10. Oh, and tell Ellenor nice try, goin' to the clerk. That was deft. Wave to Benny over there. You threatened to break his kneecaps? Uh, not break. - Dislocate. - Right in front of his lawyer? It would have been unethical to do it outside of counsel. He threatened me too. Your Honor, he vowed that he knew where I lived and he said it with vicious malice. - As opposed to affectionate malice. - [ Chuckles ] I saw that. You're finding judicial amusement in this? - I am absolutely astounded. - Stop being such a mole. I want that put on the record. "M-O-L-E," as in tiny little annoying rodent. Look, I heard your client's tape, and I'm sick of all this crap. I am hereby restraining Kevin Gibson from any contact with Ruth Gibson for 60 days. Any and all contact. And I'm fining you $200. You? Hold out your hand. - I beg your pardon? - Hold it out! - [ Slaps ] - You get a slap on the wrist. - [ Snickering ] - Put it on the record. He's mad. Oh, excuse me. I-- - I'm looking for Mr. Donnell? - Yeah, that's me. Gary Newman. I'm sorry. I did try to call first, but a recording came on saying service was disconnected. - Well, only for an hour. The phones are working now. - Ah. I'm assuming representation of Martin Parks. To be frank, Mr. Donnell, this is most disturbing. For a lawyer to bring an ex parte motion against his own client? Former client. Mr. Parks wouldn't pay his legal fees. Even so, did you send a demand letter first? Did you withdraw as counsel? Did you bother to give him any notice? Believe me, I'm not comfortable criticizing other attorneys... but this goes beyond unprofessional. I think it's actionable. You know what, Mr. Newman? You may be right. Tell Mr. Parks he wins, and he can take it all. Rebecca, sign over our entire law practice to Mr. Parks. Give him the office, the files, the Chapter 7 application, everything. - We got any petty cash? - $32.60. Give it to Mr. Newman, please! You think this is funny? Do we look amused? First rule for a plaintiff lawyer... is to ascertain whether or not the defendant is judgment-proof. I am glad that Mr. Parks is suing us. Now-- Now we get the counter-claim without having to file the $15.00 filing fee. Tell your new client thanks. And tell him I'm gonna get him. I'm gonna get him. [ Phone Rings ] See? They're working. Donnell and Associates. What? Oh, my God. [ Siren Wailing ] [ Man ] Watch your backs, guys. Some room. [ Police Radio, Indistinct ] He came in screaming. The kid shot him. You think that he was drunk? These people are represented by counsel. There will be no more discussion. Ruth, listen to me. They'll be taking you to the precinct. You say absolutely nothing until I get there. Michael, same for you. Michael? - You don't talk. - Okay. Anders versus Rhode Island, people. You don't even ask if they're thirsty. [ Sobbing ] [ Softly ] No! He kicked in the door. He was a madman. Said he didn't care what the court said. He started throwing things. Next thing-- I saw his neck sort of... exploded. There was blood spurting everywhere, and... I turned around... and there was Michael. [ Sobbing ] He shot his dad! Did your ex-husband-- Did he say he was going to kill you? No, but he had that look. He was-- He looked all crazy. All right, listen to me, Mrs. Gibson. Listen to every word I say to you. Listen to me. I don't know exactly what happened, but let me tell you what will happen. If Michael is charged with murder, he's gonna be doing some time. Somewhere. But how could they do that? Listen to me. If it's self-defense, that's fine. If it's defense of others-- for example, if he was defending you-- that's fine, too. But it's only okay if he thought Kevin was going to kill either of you. As I said, I don't know what happened. But if your ex-husband wasn't posing some kind of deadly threat, then Michael is in some serious trouble. Do you understand what I'm saying here? Yes. He was going to kill me. [ Sobbing ] All right. Could have been me that inflamed the guy. I might've provoked him. No, no, no, no, no. This has been comin' on, Eugene. Ruth even said her husband was trying to kill her. Let's not forget the tape, okay? I mean, you did whatever you could to prevent this. You got the restraining order. Alexander got the case, I'm told. This could be good. Yeah. She didn't help us with Roberts. Ah, she's-- She's a good lady, though. Straight shooter. Look, everything this kid's been through, if he's forced to go through a trial, or if he's locked up in some hole, then there's somethin' seriously wrong with things. [ Thunderclap ] ♪ [ Piano: Jazz ] Well, I guess this one's on the both of us. Me more than you. I pushed him over the edge. No. I knew how close he was to it, so-- I'm gonna argue self-defense. This kid gets stuck in some juvenile hall-- D.A. might look to you for a bead on the father's temperament-- I'll support self-defense. ♪ [ Continues ] [ Sighs ] My God. Wh-What have we done? I can't believe it's that simple. The threats were documented in court. No, actually, they weren't. In the divorce pleadings, there was no mention of threats. That's what this whole restraining order business was about. This guy was trying to kill her. I got all the backstory. I still got a kid in a Peter Pan suit-- Robin Hood. Yeah. who jumps up from behind the couch and murders his father. What was he doing with real arrows? He father used to take him hunting. Susan-- Bobby! The boy is 11 years old. He's already in a-- in a psychological wasteland. If he has to go to some facility, his life is forever shot. - What are we doin' here? - He's a good kid. Is he? From what I understand, he is the victim. This isn't lawyering, Susan. I promise. Uh-huh. Now, on Roberts, when you try for six years instead of 12, that is lawyering, isn't it? That is not fair. I'm just lookin' for a point of reference here, Bobby. When you tell me that I shouldn't let this kid be charged, are you saying that with the same conviction you bring to the Roberts case? This isn't right. And you know it. It's a tough world. I gotta go walk upstairs to my superiors... and tell them that I let a juvie killer go scot, and settle for six for an armed robber who put a gun up to a senior citizen's temple. That's one for you, one for me. Take your pick. This is completely unethical. [ Sighs ] You're right. And I withdraw the offer. And I'm dealing with one case at a time. Roberts is first. [ Elevator Bell Dings ] - Now you're tellin' me 10? - Ten is good, Lyle. It's the best that I can do. Yesterday, six was good. Listen to me. Judge White is tough. There's a possibility you could get life. I don't think that will happen. But what if he just slaps you with 20? What then? Maybe I should roll the dice and go to trial. You're not gonna beat the rap on this. Would every lawyer tell me that? [ Door Creaks, Slams ] Maybe not before they got your retainer. Look, Lyle, as I said, you want to fire me, fine. I won't be losing sleep. But 10 is good. One of the reasons we're getting 10 is because I got a dialogue with the D.A. You want to play craps? It's your choice. But I think that-- I think that you should take the deal. Okay. You take it. But this sucks! [ Softly ] I know. [ Buzzer ] He'll take it. Ten years. Good. Let's turn to our next case. Michael, the little boy. I talked to the officers, read the reports. I'm concluding it's self-defense. Good. Oh, the psychologist wants to see you both again in the morning. Okay. Thank you. I don't know how we're gonna get through this, but thank you. As long as Michael's not going to jail. No, he isn't. Hey, Mike? This is gonna hurt for a long, long time. So, uh, you don't have to be this brave Robin Hood or-- or any kind of hero. You just got to talk to the doctors. I've got to take care of my mother. You did that, son. Now, you got to let your mother take care of you, okay? - Okay? - [ Elevator Bell Dings ] Okay. Uh, y-you go ahead. I got some business here. Thank you. I lied to my client. You didn't lie. You told him 10 years was a good deal. It is. So it's-- It's coincidental. Roberts wouldn't have done better. And this kid gets a chance. We both know that. [ Elevator Bell Dings ] Yeah. Come on. Buy you a beer. Next onThe Practice. What's the problem? People at the bank are asking questions about the loan we extended to you. Somebody from Boston Fidelity called inquiring about our office expansion? And you informed 'em that this office was not expanding? [ Gasping, Gagging ] Talk about Ronald Martin-- how he was temporarily insane, how he wasn't responsible. Ronald Martin, the man who strangled Donna Braun for seven minutes. Then your motion is denied. Mr. Pearson, you may resume the deposition. You'll pay the court costs for this hearing, - and I'm fining you $500 to boot. - What? There is definitely some favorable treatment going Pearson's way. Intentional or not, I don't know. I don't care. I don't like it, and I don't like you. [ Woman ] You stinker! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 