The Practice: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Practice 
 s2e1 - Reasonable Doubts - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Practice (1997–2004): Season 2, Episode 1 - Reasonable Doubts - full transcript 
 The firm calls Bobby's judgment into question when he forms a romantic relationship with a new client who happens to be on trial for murder. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ Shutter Clicking ] [ Clamoring ] [ Man ] Come on. This way. [ Clamoring Continues ] I can't take this much longer. It's almost over, Vicky. - How we doing? - It's close. [ Sighs ] You'll have to testify. We knew that going in, didn't we? We assumed it, but there was always the chance they couldn't make their case. And you think they have? Not motive, but-- But what? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If you had shot him just once, I would rest right now. But the other four shots, you got to get up there and explain that. [ Sighs ] Don't buckle now, Vicky. You've made it this far. Maybe I should stop watching the news. The things that they are saying about me-- People have been talking since this whole thing began. They'll talk long after it's over. It's a juicy, sexy murder trial. We're almost done. Yeah. Psychiatrist testifies, then you, then you're done. Okay. We'll make it. - [ Door Closes ] - What the hell is this? [ Line Ringing ] [ Cell Door Opens, Closes ] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [ Sirens Wailing ] - What are you thinking? - It's none of your business, Eugene. None of my business? I'm second chair in this trial. She's my responsibility. It's a personal thing. It's got nothing to do with you. This is a murder trial. She's charged with murder in the first degree, and you got a personal thing going on with the client, who's also my client, - my business. - I knew it. Get out. No, I won't get out. I knew it, I smelled it, but I didn't want to believe it. Believe what? Him and Victoria Keenan. - Get out! - Are you insane? Look, I'm not an idiot. I-- I know how it looks. I know the potential danger here, so just-- just spare me the lectures. It's-It's not affecting me as a lawyer. - Everybody, get out, now. I need to talk to him. - I forget. Who runs this place? Right now, me. Everybody, get out. No, no, no. You got something to say, say it in front of them. Go ahead. Okay, fine. First, as a lawyer, I don't even need to tell you that part, Bobby. Second, as Bobby, she did it. She's a killer. How could you possibly get involved with somebody like that? - She's not a killer. - Bobby, she pumped five bullets into the man. You're blinded by her beauty, man. She's a killer. If that gets me fired, then fine. We all agree with Rebecca? Lindsay? Well, I would definitely agree that she's, you know, pretty... and a good shot. - But I think it could have been self-defense. - You lie! You can't read my mind, Rebecca. And I guess I shouldn't trust my ears when you said she was innocent. I said it looks that way. [ All Shouting ] She's not a killer! I defend murderers all the time, and I know them when I see 'em. Victoria Keenan is innocent. Helen? What's the look on Keenan? End of the week, we should be finished. I feel, uh, pretty good. Why? Well, press coverage is heating up. Look, not to, uh, put pressure on you, but I thought I'd just-- Put pressure on me. Sorry. We need this one. [ Bobby ] You treated the victim for how long, Dr. Gale? Just under six years. And during the course of your therapy sessions with Mr. Adler, did he ever talk about my client? He just said that she was a neighbor who lived on the same apartment floor... and that he and his wife would frequently visit with her. [ Bobby ] So you've heard the prosecutor's suggestion... that the victim was perhaps having a sexual affair with my client? [ Gale ] My response would be that it's ridiculous. I knew almost every detail of Robert Adler's life. There was no such affair. Well, is it possible that-- that he would have kept this from you? Frankly, no. Bob Adler would pour out his deepest intimacies in my office. If he were having an affair with somebody, I would have known about it. On this you're positive? Very. The only relationship he had with your client was that of a... neighborly friendship. - What were you treating Mr. Adler for? - Very mild depression. And do you remember how he first came to you? Anybody refer him? Yes. Do you remember who? - His wife, Mary. - And how did Mary Adler know of you? She's been my patient for nine years. I see. So you would have kind of a trusting relationship with Mary Adler then? Yes. In fact, nine years, I'd imagine you two have built up quite a trust. We have. And given that trust, if you knew somebody to be betraying Mary Adler, wouldn't you feel some sort of obligation to tell her? I didn't know of any-- Please listen to the question, sir. If you knew of someone to be betraying Mary Adler, a client you'd established a nine-year trust with, would you tell her? It's not so easy. If I learned it from another client, -there'd be tremendous conflicts of interest, counsel. -It's not so easy, you say. So there would be some pull on you to tell her, wouldn't there? I mean, Mary Adler trusts you. If you were to find out she were being betrayed, there would be some pull on you to tell her, whether you'd end up doing it or not, right? - Obviously. - Obviously. And this would be obvious to Robert Adler too, wouldn't it? Perhaps. Perhaps? So couldn't it be Robert Adler thought it best... not to tell you he was sleeping with Victoria Keenan? - Objection! - Overruled. Isn't it at least possible, given your conflicts of interest, your fiduciary relationship with his wife, that Robert Adler chose not to tell you he was committing adultery with that woman? - I don't think that that was the case. - Is it your testimony, Doctor, that such a scenario is impossible? No, I am not saying it's impossible. Thank you, Doctor. The truth isn't so painful after all, is it? This is why I hate psychiatric experts. In the end, they always wobble. It's not exactly a black-and-white science. Look, they still haven't proven any affair. All they have are witnesses who saw him go into her apartment a lot. Yeah. But I was just holding out the hope that she wouldn't have to testify. [ Clears Throat ] Excuse me? I just hate to subject her to it all unless it's absolutely-- You hate to subject her to it? Are you seeing straight on this? Excuse me? If you're even wondering whether or not she takes the stand, you're not seeing straight. In all the time you have known me, have you ever seen me get involved with a client before? No. Previously, you've been too smart for that. If I thought that it compromised my objectivity... or ability even slightly, I would be off. And I don't appreciate having to convince you of that. And what about her? I mean, this could be like a patient falling for her shrink. The deck isn't level for her. That isn't happening. And let's just keep this discussion about the case. Fine. If you're even wondering whether or not she takes the stand, you're not seeing straight. I suppose if it were him in this situation, you'd be giving him the same speech. Yeah, maybe. But he's been with me long enough to know... I don't go running around getting involved with my clients. And if I thought for one second that-- He did say one thing that-- - That what? - Nothing. Bobby. Your feelings for me. They could have something to do with, you know, like I'm your protector in all this... and that can make you more prone to-- Well, that is a possibility. I know that's not what you want to hear, but-- Let's face it. My life is basically in your hands. So it's possible that-- And once the trial is over, you think you'll feel different? Of course not. But we have to admit we are in the middle of something that we've never been in before. [ Sighs ] Maybe-- Maybe we should just... pull back until the trial is over. Okay. [ Woman ] Mr. Donnell, please. Mr. Young, do you have a comment? Hey! Hey, hey, hey. You want a comment? Yes, we do. The next one of you to push me, I'm gonna push back. That's my comment. [ Elevator Bell Dings ] [ Man ] There she is! What's your comment, Helen? I never have any comment. Why would I have one today? [ Man #2 ] Ms. Gamble, how do you think she was capable of five shots? I don't. I think it was suicide. He shot himself five times. I'm just prosecuting her 'cause I don't like her outfit. [ Bobby ] Don't rush with your answers. And no matter how hard she comes at you, stay calm. Gamble likes to play the nervous schoolgirl. And as soon as you think she's harmless, she gets you. How long will it take? It won't be quick, Vicky. This could be a long day. Okay. Just tell them what happened. You're gonna do great. Well, he had come over like he had so many other times before. And what did you and Mr. Adler do on these visits? Well, for most of them, Mary, his wife, she would come too. Sometimes we'd watch TV or play cards or-- or just talk. Yes, but on this occasion, Mr. Adler came alone... and at 11:00 at night. Yes. He said that he was troubled about something and he asked if he could come in. And you said yes? Like I said, we were friends. - And then what happened? - Well, we had a nightcap. And then, out of nowhere, he told me that I was beautiful, but not in a conversational way. It was more of a, well, seductive tone. [ Bobby ] And what did you do? Well, I was thinking to myself... how do I get out of this with the least amount of embarrassment? I-- I figured he must have been drinking before he came over. I don't know, I-I-- I guess I was trying to save him from himself a little bit. Well, how'd you do that? Well, by laughing it off, pretending not to be as uncomfortable as I was. Then he said, um, that when he was with Mary... that he would often think of me. And what did you say to that? Have you been drinking? That's why you think I'm saying these things, because of alcohol? I don't know why you're saying them. It's just-- I'm saying these things because I'm in love with you. You know this. Robert, look. We're-- We're friends. I'm friends with Mary. You know what? This is making me really uncomfortable. I think you should go. [ Bobby ] And did he go? No. I think you're in love with me. [ Victoria ] What? I know that your friendship with Mary makes it kind of prohibitive, but-- Look, Robert, please leave. I'm not leaving, Victoria. Come on. Come on. Robert, let go of my hands. Hey, come on. Let's-- Let's stop pretending, all right? Robert, please, let go of me. Is this part of a game, huh? This denial? Is this what arouses you? Robert, look, I'll ask you one more time to let go of me and then I scream. But he wouldn't. He wouldn't let go. Maybe I should just take you, huh? Then we could both have each other. You'd be spared the morning-after remorse, huh? Come on! Come on! No! [ Screams ] Come on! No! [ Screams ] No! I don't really remember the other shots. I remember pulling the trigger. But not how many times. Your story seems so traumatic, Ms. Keenan. - I'm a little struck by how poised you tell it. - Objection! - Overruled. - You talk about an attempted rape, then shooting a man repeatedly to his death. And you seem so unaffected by it all. - Objection. - Sustained. It's your testimony the victim came over to your apartment alone on many occasions. Yes. Sometimes late at night. - Yes. - And it's your testimony... - that there was nothing sexual between you two. - That's correct. In the last, say, oh, five years, have you had a romantic relationship with anybody? As a matter of fact, no, I-I haven't. Gee. Such an attractive, affluent woman, you would think there'd have to be somebody. - Objection! - Ms. Gamble. You testified that you screamed that night. Anybody hear those screams to your knowledge? - No, not to my knowledge. - Oh. - The walls of my apartment are very thick. - You would know this? - Objection! - Overruled. Have you ever screamed in the company of the victim before and not been detected? - Objection! - Sustained. Stop it. Did Mr. Adler keep pursuing you after you shot him the first time? I-- I don't really remember. I recall squeezing the trigger... and then seeing him lying on the floor. - You don't remember seeing him fall? - I was in shock, Ms. Gamble. I don't remember a lot of what happened that night. I was shaking. Do you remember dialing 911? When? Yes. - Right after. - Right after. Seconds after? Minutes? Immediately after. I saw him lying on the floor. I picked up the phone and called. - While you were still shaking? - Yes. At this time, Your Honor, I'd like to play the recording of the 911 call. [ Man ] Say that again, please. [ Victoria ] A man just tried to rape me. I shot him in self-defense, and I think he might be dead. [ Man ] Where are you calling from, ma'am? [ Victoria ] I'm at the Devonshire Place, apartment 14-C. It's my residence. [ Player Stops ] That's the sound of your voice in shock? I don't know what I sound like. I do know I was in shock, yes. I see. So while in shock, you had the presence to assert your legal claim of self-defense? - Objection. - Overruled. Shall I play the tape again, Ms. Keenan? I said self-defense as a descriptive way. I wasn't asserting any legal claim, Ms. Gamble. It just came out that way. It just came out that way. I think you did great. I really do. You heard that tape. I did sound calm, Bobby. I did. You sounded shut down. That's normal under the circumstances. I think we had a very good day, Vicky. I wouldn't say so if I thought otherwise. What? I remember pulling the trigger on the first shot, but-- but maybe the reason I can't remember the other four shots is because I blocked it out. Maybe they were deliberate, and that's why I blocked them out. Don't start going down that path. Look, I don't know anymore. When I was testifying, I could see the image-- Maybe those last four shots, maybe they were revenge. Listen to me. The man tried to rape you. He might have killed you. The first shot was fear, I think. The other four were rage. Least she's honest. [ Chuckles ] Yeah. Bobby, either way, it wasn't premeditated. So what it's rage? What woman under those circumstances wouldn't just start shooting? Yeah. This ain't bothering you 'cause it's a client. You love this woman? Ah, come on. It's too soon. Do you think that I should let Eugene take over? No. That sends a message to the jury. Besides, Eugene says you're doing good in there. He thinks you're winning. You're worried. [ Sighs ] I don't know, Jimmy. I don't know. Wh-What is it about her? I mean, I know she's attractive, but your valve in this area has been kind of shut off. Exactly. I don't have a clue as to what makes her different. It's not like I'm in-- in love with her, Jimmy. But it could go that way. Maybe I should have Eugene take over. All right, this is how I see it. He promised her he'd leave the wife, and when he doesn't, she shoots him. See, she was in love with him. Don't you think she'd have a plan slightly better... than gunning him down in her own apartment? What do you mean? It's a great plan. No witnesses, reasonable doubt. Jimmy thinks she's innocent. I do. See? It's a great plan. See, she did it. I knew you were there the whole time. [ Door Opens ] Does anybody have work to do? [ Door Closes ] Excuse me. Mr. Donnell? I know you're Bobby Donnell. I recognize you from the papers. Yeah, well, how can I help you? Actually, I am here to help you. I live in the apartment across from Victoria Keenan, and I have some information on that night. Okay, I won't waste your time, because I know that you must be running at a premium here. Here is the thing. I am a security nut. I, um, live alone, and I have a recurrent nightmare... that someone gets into my house and gives me a tracheotomy. So I got into this high-tech security stuff, right, including mini cameras and so forth. And I got to thinking, I wonder if it picked something up that night? And sure enough-- You want to take a little look at this? You got a tape of the night of the shooting? It-It's just hallway, but it may be helpful. [ Man ] There's your deceased Mr. Adler. [ Eugene ] And that's her apartment. It goes by quick, if you want to rewind it. How long have you had this tape? [ Man ] Since the night of, I told you. And you never thought to go to the police with it? I couldn't think of much else. But I couldn't see much good in it. At least, not much good in it for me. And then this morning-- ding. Timing is everything, don't you think? I am willing to sell this to your client for 100,000. You came here to extort us? Hey, you know, that's a legal term, and I am not a lawyer. I am more like a Fuller Brush man. I'm just hoping that you're gonna buy what I have to sell. Well, you came to the wrong place. Because this office doesn't participate in blackmail or extortion! Okay, again, I'm no legal expert. But you do have some duty to take this offer to your client. The tape is yours. It's a copy. Oh, you know what? Since you say it's illegal, maybe I should just go to the D.A. But you should probably think that if the district attorney springs that in court tomorrow, you'll be hard-pressed to claim unfair surprise... since I came to you first. Mr. Walters, you had to know about this tape the night of the shooting, otherwise you wouldn't have known to save it. So? So the police questioned you. I got the reports. You withheld evidence. That's obstruction of justice, Mr. Walters. You could go to jail. Gee. Maybe I should just turn myself in now. [ Tape Rewinding ] What do you want me to say? How about the truth? Okay. We were having an affair. But I had just shot the man. I panicked. I lied. I told them that we were friends. Why didn't you tell me? I was going to, but you basically told me not to. What? Our very first meeting, I remember your words exactly. You said that whatever I told you, you were stuck with it. You couldn't get me on the witness stand and say things that you knew weren't true. That didn't mean lie. Bobby, don't deny it. You're the one that steered me to stick with the version I gave the police. I never told you to lie. Because we both know you're not allowed to. But you sure as hell warned me against the truth. His shrink took the stand, for God's sakes. How could you be so sure he wouldn't know? Because Robert told me that he never told him. He was afraid for anybody to know. The D.A. was exactly right. Robert didn't tell his psychiatrist because he didn't want him telling Mary. So you just murdered this guy? No, of course I didn't murder him! Tell me what happened. [ Sighs ] A week before, Robert came by here... and said that he wanted to leave Mary and marry me. I had no interest in marrying him. So I turned him down. Then that night he came back, he proposed again. I said no again, and then he went into this rage. And the rest is exactly as I told you before. He tried to rape me, I went for the gun and I shot him. That's the truth, Bobby. If you choose not to believe me, I-- [ Sighs ] I guess I wouldn't blame you. Take a lie detector. Excuse me? A polygraph. I-I thought it was inadmissible. In court. For you. Take a polygraph for you. I'm a better lawyer when I believe in my client. So it's in your interest, if what you're telling me now is the truth. Fine. Set up your polygraph. Forget about what you read, Vicky. They're deadly accurate. Set up your polygraph, Bobby. You have got to be kidding. Yeah, that's why I set it up, to kid you. But he's giving her a polygraph? Yes. Well, what's the point? He can't use it. Exactly. It doesn't make any sense. Eugene, what the hell is going on? I wish I knew. [ Man ] He was trying to rape you? Yes. Is your hair black? No. [ Typing ] Were you afraid Robert Adler was about to kill you when you shot him? Yes. Were you in love with him? No. [ Typing ] In love with anybody? Maybe. - Him? - Stay on the path, Johnny. Did you plan to shoot Robert Adler before he attacked you? [ Victoria ] No. Well, I guess congratulations are in order. You have a client that not only seems to love you, she's telling the truth. So where are we now? I don't know. I guess everything depends on that Walters guy and that stupid tape. Bobby, Probation pulled his sheet for me. He's got a prior on some insurance fraud. Walters? Mm-hmm. He was also indicted in some travel agency scam, but that hasn't gone anywhere yet. Oh, no. Why is that bad? It gives him motive he can go to the police with. He can use that tape to make a deal. Lindsay, you're friends with Helen Gamble. Try to sniff out whether she knows. Jimmy, drop whatever you're doing and research unfair surprise. - I need to know if that tape gets introduced-- - If you heard about it first-- - I want to know, damn it! I want the research! - Fine. - And suppose it isn't unfair surprise? - Then we're in trouble. - Maybe we should just buy the tape from this guy. - That's illegal. Look, my money says Walters isn't going to the D.A. There's too much risk for him. Eugene, check into this guy. I don't care if you are up all night. - I need to be ready to discredit him if-- - The video speaks for itself. Why is everything a fight with you? If I ask you to do something, why can't you do it? Bobby, lay off. We're all on the same side here. Don't feed me that. You're having a great time with this. It's just one big hoot to everybody. Bobby. And don't you lecture me. If that video gets put in tomorrow, we are dead. So let's all just do our work. It's fun, actually. I-I don't mean murder should be fun, but this is the kind of trial we used to dream of in law school, remember? Hello. You dreamed of mergers and acquisitions, Helen. Yeah, well, maybe so. Uh, you know, rumor has it that, um, Bobby and this woman got something going. Yeah. I started it. I know how gossip distracts you. You still like him, Lindsay? Just eat your sandwich, Helen. You should ask him out, for his sake. This woman's trouble. Or maybe I'll ask him out. Go for it. You gonna rest your case tomorrow? Why do you ask? I'm just curious. Yeah. What? Ah, I just feel like maybe we're going on a little fishing expedition here. I can't have dinner with a friend? Uh-huh. Well, I'll-I'll probably rest tomorrow. Then again, I might not. [ All Shouting ] [ Man ] Stay back! Step back! Mr.-- Mr. Donnell-- A little cooperation here. You didn't get my messages? What's the matter? Do we know anything? Is that videotape coming in? The D.A. would have to tell me. Unless it happens like the Walters guy said. If we claim unfair surprise, she'll say she knew about it. Well, we'll just have to wait and see, Eugene. Right? And from her symptoms, I concluded that she was in a mild state of shock. Now, you found signs of trauma. Absolutely. Doctor, is it possible a person could feign these symptoms? No. No, this was real. You examined the defendant how long after the shooting? Mmm, I think a couple of hours. Can you really diagnose shock to a medical certainty? It's a judgment thing. And I made that call, yes. I see. And would it be possible for someone... to go into shock after committing a heinous crime as well as being the victim of one? Yes. So it's possible, Doctor, that the symptoms you saw in Victoria Keenan... could have been triggered by her committing murder, right? Well, it's conceivable, yes, but-- Conceivable? Yes. Thank you, Doctor. Counsel? The defense rests, Your Honor. Ms. Gamble? The prosecution rests, Your Honor. Closing arguments at 2:00. Adjourned. [ Gavel Raps ] You knew. What? Don't play dumb with me, Vicky! I saw your face. You knew Walters wasn't coming forward, and you weren't the least bit surprised when the prosecution rested. You bought that tape. How much do you want to know, Bobby? Tell me everything. Everything! I bought the tape. How could I not? If it comes into evidence, my life is over. It's obstruction of justice. It's illegal! For you to be involved, maybe. There's nothing illegal about it for me. People snap your photograph in a restaurant, ask if you want to buy it. People do. The same thing here. I-- I liked the tape, I bought it. It doesn't mean I committed murder. I shot him in self-defense. You're a liar. I-- I feel sick. [ Door Opens ] Could she have fooled that test? It is so unlikely. I'm not looking for an apology, John. I just want the information. - Could she have beaten that thing? - It's like one in a million. Does she fall into that category of the kind of person who could do it? Maybe. She seemed pretty cool in there, Bobby. Whether she's that pathological, it's anybody's guess. Okay, you can go. [ Door Closes ] She is that pathological, isn't she? We don't know that. [ Sighs ] I'm-- I'm not sure I can get up there, Eugene. I beg your pardon? I don't know if I can... stand on my feet and do the closing. Well, you don't have a choice. I mean, the judge isn't gonna let you out, not at this point. [ Sighs ] I can't do it. What do you mean you can't do it? We do it every day. The client is always guilty. We always do it. What do you mean you can't do it? I can't do this one. The first thing they teach you in law school is never ever fall in love with the client. - They don't teach you that. - Well, they should. Bobby. Maybe you're crazy about her. I don't know. I don't really care. What I do know is when the judge says, "I'll hear from the defense," you better get up. He said he loved her? No, no, Eugene said love, but I couldn't make out the end of the sentence... because big head over here started up with the copying machine. Don't make fun of my head. That's rude. How could he love her? Why? Do you like him? What? I don't know. You just seem a little defensive. I'm not defensive. You sound it. Thank you, big head. That's rude. You see how big this is? You don't just fire off five shots in a reflex. This thing has kick. You have to aim, to steady. It isn't simple. She says she only remembers pulling the trigger once. Right? Five shots, ladies and gentlemen. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And she's asking you to swallow self-defense. We'll now hear from the defense. Bobby. Bobby Donnell said to me last night, uh, "Eugene, you've basically been sitting here listening like a juror. What's your take on all this?" And when I told him, he thought that maybe I should be the one to tell you. But if you've been listening to all the witnesses, like I have, weighing all the evidence, I don't have to tell you anything, do I? I mean, we all have the same question. Why? Why would Victoria Keenan murder Robert Adler? There is no evidence of any motive. Oh, they suggest that there must have been some affair. But they have to suggest that, otherwise they're stumped. But where's the proof? Uh, did you hear any proof? Maybe I missed something. Did, uh, you hear any testimony establishing an affair? You? Even Robert Adler's own psychiatrist, he got up here and he told you-- he told you there was no such affair, the idea was ridiculous. And the lady over there, I suspect she knows it's ridiculous, but she has to suggest it anyway because she's stuck. She's stuck for a motive. Did the prosecution put up a single witness to contradict what Victoria Keenan told you? Anybody? They have wasted your time. Their whole case is boom, boom, boom, boom and boom. And they expect you to convict off of a bunch of booms. Now, you have testimony... that Robert Adler tried to rape her. Evidence that she defended herself. No evidence. None to the contrary other than five booms... and a big gun with a trigger that's hard to squeeze. Reasonable doubt? I don't think I have to tell you anything. [ Whispering ] Thank you. [ Judge ] Ms. Gamble. What you saw on that stand... was a cold, ice-cold killer... who figured the perfect crime was to invite the victim into her home, shoot him... and claim self-defense. No witnesses. Perfect. But no screams, either. No bruises on her body. Just shock. [ Victoria ] A man just tried to rape me. I shot him in self-defense, and I think he might be dead. [ Player Stops ] Word perfect. When she's good, she's good. When she's bad, she's a murderer. Has the jury reached its verdict? We have, Your Honor. The defendant will please rise. What say you, Mr. Foreman? In the matter of Commonwealth versus Victoria Keenan... on the charge of murder in the first degree, we find the defendant... not guilty. [ Spectators Murmuring ] [ Judge ] Members of the jury, the court thanks you for your service which is now concluded. This matter is adjourned. The defendant is free to go. Nice job, Bobby. Good job, Eugene. Thank you. Ms. Keenan, what was your first thought now that you were found not guilty? [ Reporters Clamoring ] Front door was open. [ TV Clicks Off ] Come in. Come in. It's been such a-- such a whirlwind, I-- I haven't had time to settle yet. Why didn't you get up to do the closing? Well, I just figured that Eugene could offer a better perspective, and-- We're not gonna see any more of each other, are we? I don't know quite what to believe, Vicky. That's too bad. Well, uh, thanks. Thanks again for getting me acquitted. Yeah. Vicky? Was it self-defense? [ Woman ] You stinker! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 