The Practice: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Practice 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Practice (1997–2004): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 Bobby defends Rachel Reynolds, a young woman facing drug charges. She is not a drug dealer, but was trying to cover for her brother. Lindsay represents Emerson Ray, who is suing a tobacco company in a wrongful death suit. Lindsay's favorite law professor, Anderson Pearson, represents the defense. Eugene represents "Free Willy", a man who exposes himself in public. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ Chattering ] [ Traffic Passing ] Okay. Knapp is sitting second session. He gave me the last continuance. Not happy. They're gonna get smacked. I'll turn my best cheek. Listen, I gotta stop in B.M.C. first. Hi. Mm-hmm. "Free Willy" again. I told Eugene I'd cover. [ Sighs ] [ Man ] All right. It seems we're still going on Reynolds. You go over her testimony? Yeah. Grandmother's too. They're due in at 11:00. Hey, Jimmy. I'm gonna take one more whack with Alexander, see if I can't chip it. Tell Knapp-- [ Together ] Unforeseen circumstances. [ Woman ] I know. I know. [ Man #2 ] Commonwealth of Massachusetts versus Coleman. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Good morning, Your Honor. You receive my supplemental? Yes. Notwithstanding the mitigating circumstances, I feel the heinous nature of this murder, for which I've seen little remorse, by the way, compels me to accept the State's recommendation. - Judge, I think that when-- - I hereby sentence the defendant, Roland Coleman, to three life terms at Cedar Junction with no possibility of parole. The defendant is to be transferred forthwith. Adjourned. Next case. Hold it. We're certified to the S.J.C. Don't be talking in the can like it's over. The guy in the next cell-- he's not your friend. He's lookin' to trade up just like you. Look at me. Look at me. Your own mother comes to visit you, you check her I.D. first before even saying hello. Sue! Susan. Go away. Just hear me out. I'll use small words. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I've got nothing else to say. I am taking the heat for hearing you out. They're mad upstairs that I copped to the 10. You're a compassionate woman. Oh, save it. My bosses think we must be sleeping together as it is. Ten months. I'm gonna get the N.G. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. What will your bosses think then? Well, fine. You know what? Get your acquittal. But whatever you get from now on, you don't get it from me. See you in there. Waive reading. Plead not guilty. - Mr. Somensky said he won't oppose O.R. - [ No Audible Dialogue ] - This is your third time, Mr. Holsten. - It was an accident. You exposed your penis by accident? Yes, I did. I'll grant personal. Psychiatric testing pursuant to section 214. Keep it zipped up, Mr. Holsten. Nobody's finding this cute. Hey, Rachel, Mrs. Reynolds. Give me two seconds. I'll be right with you. How's the back, Mr. Ray? Worse. I'm gonna send out a pillow so you can prop yourself with somethin' to keep your knees up. They keep me waitin'. Get Mr. Ray a pillow and a stool, will ya? They arrest me 'cause of my smile. - [ Woman ] Any luck? - She wouldn't budge. We're goin' at 2:00. How'd you do? Bought a week. Judge Knapp says hi, and Free Willy extends his best. Not bad. Where's Eugene? No probable cause. Case dismissed, with prejudice. [ Cheering ] Mr. Wittier is very happy and, uh, very free. Yeah, we made it. I'm buyin' at McCall's. [ All Chattering ] You can come in now. [ Man ] I knew you could do it, man. You are the best. Oh, Mr. Cruickshank, step this way. Oh, just one little bite of this girl's behind. I'm a respected client. Well, she's not on the menu yet. One little snafu with our defense, Warren. You claim to have only cashed the one counterfeit check at the one bank. That's it. Guy signed a check over to me, I tried to cash it-- next thing, cops is humpin' all over me, and I don't know nothin'. Yes. Well, here's my concern. I subpoenaed the bank videotapes. Now, here, we got you at Atlantic Security on the day they got taken. Shawmut? There you go again. Bank of New England-- I'm figurin' it's Christmas time... since you wearin' the Santa's cap. Commonwealth, Cambridge Savings-- And look. You seem particularly delighted here, don't you? I am very disappointed. - [ Man ] Sorry about the mess. - You live like a big fat hog. [ Chuckles ] I know. It's-- It's-- It's awful. Well, uh-- [ Sighs ] Got the D.A. down to 10 months, and... I think that we should take it. Ten months in jail? The alternative is 15 years, Rachel. But-- But I'm not guilty. But the cocaine was found in your room. - It was my brother's. - You had it at the time of the raid. Your brother jumpin' bail-- The prosecution had to pinch somebody. It wasn't mine. Rachel, listen to me. If you are convicted, over 200 grams, intent to distribute is automatic. The trafficking charge is statutory. That means a mandatory sentence of 15 years. There is absolutely no discretion. - If we could find your brother-- - If I knew where he was, that boy wouldn't be worryin' about the police. Mrs. Reynolds, I don't think that we can win this case. But I didn't do anything. This isn't fair! Yeah, but you did try to hide the drugs. Only 'cause I was afraid for Jerome. But that stuff wasn't mine. Rachel, when you're 17, 10 months seems like a very long time. I'm not pleadin' guilty. No. You're askin' me to say I did somethin' I didn't do. It isn't like that, Rachel. It is like that! You're sayin' that I should tell that judge I'm guilty when I'm not. That's a lie. Now, maybe that's what you lawyers do, but-- But, Grandma, you never asked me to lie before. I'm not pleadin' guilty. I still don't get why I have to go back there. Here. I told them everything. The reason they're deposing you again... is they want to send the message you're in for the long haul. We discussed this. They want you to quit. I know it's frustrating, but this is a tobacco company we're up against. Ah, Mr. Holsten, you've been freeing Willy again. Don't let them intimidate you. I show up in court, I get this woman Ellenor-- Big thing just appears, says she's representing me. I know how you hate surprises. I should be my own lawyer. That's what I should do. I can get myself off. Yes, this we know. [ Judge ] Step up to the bench for a second. Am I to understand you've rejected a plea of 10 months? I recommended that she take it, Judge. In fact, I want it on the record that I advised her to take it. Ms. Reynolds? You are aware that if you are convicted of these charges, you will face a mandatory 15-year sentence? Yes, Your Honor. The prosecution has offered you a plea bargain... to a reduced charge of 10 months, and you reject that offer? Yes. Your attorney has advised you to accept this offer? Yes, but I won't. I see. I'm tempted to remove you as counsel, Mr. Donnell. -Why? -Because if you can't convince your own client of the obvious, how are you going to convince a jury of the improbable? - I don't appreciate that, Judge. - Well, educate me. Am I missing something? I mean, do you even have a defense? She says that she's innocent. You're going forward on her say-so that she's innocent? I'm going forward because I believe her. Oh, boy. I hope you know what you're doing, Bobby. Step back. One hour recess, then the court officer will bring in the jury. [ Gavel Raps ] Oh, yeah. We know what we're doin'. [ Bobby ] Shh. Shh. [ Chattering ] It's gonna be all right. [ No Audible Dialogue ] [ Sighs ] Did your bookie die? Coleman got triple life without parole. The D.A. won't budge on Rachel Reynolds. Dan Moriarty skipped bail, which I put up personally, and I could use... 'cause the landlord is threatening to evict us again, and it's-- it's 2:30. Huh. Another day. Is there a chance we'll squeeze anything on Emerson Ray's case? Well, his depo's in a half an hour. I'm hoping if he's sympathetic the tobacco company will feel compassion... and give us what we want. Are you okay, Bobby? He's scared to death over the Rachel Reynolds case. You are. Ellenor says the arresting cop is as honest as they come. He is. Jeffrey Stewart. He's a good cop and a good man. So, how do you go about cross-examining a witness like that? Have you got anything to trip him up with? No. You don't. Well, what I'm gonna try to do is ask him a bunch of questions... where he'll have to give me the answers I want. Soft questions, but it'll let me get a rhythm, give the jury the illusion that I'm doing well. Then somewhere during this illusion... that I'm making headway, I've got to make headway. That's-- See, that's the-- That's the part I haven't figured out yet. Hey, nobody cross-examines like you. - I don't-- I don't have a seam here. - You'll find one. What, in an hour? You are scared. [ Sighs ] You think it's tough defending the guilty, Lindsay? Try the innocent. It's terrifying. Spit. [ Bobby ] I got nothin' on this cop. Nothin' to cross him on. - Bobby, would you please relax? - I'm relaxed. I don't, uh-- I don't usually smoke. I actually quit. It's just I'm, uh-- I'm nervous. Are you better when you're nervous? Her parents were dead when she was three. I raised both Rachel and her brother. I didn't get it done with Jerome, but with Rachel, this is a good baby. I know. I did get it done with her. Now you've got to get it done. [ Man ] Well, congratulations. [ Ray ] It's 20 past. I'm sure it won't be too much longer. Are they makin' us wait on purpose? Uh-- Hmm. They might be. [ Prisoners Shouting ] How y'all doin'? Playin' through. Salutations. You look familiar. [ Chuckles ] Harry, free these people at once. Hey, Roland. Eugene Young. I'm with Bobby Donnell. We filed this brief on your behalf with the S.J.C. Oral arguments are next week. Give it a read. [ Prisoners Shouting, Chattering ] Bobby will be checking in. [ Shouting, Chattering Continues ] Quiet down! Quiet down! Just out of curiosity, anybody here who didn't do it? [ All Shouting ] I'm shocked. [ Chuckles ] They're ready, Ms. Dole. Would you follow me, please? [ Coughs ] Ms. Dole. Professor? I suppose I should be flattered that you've finally taken an interest in tort law. I would never have expected it, given your fetish for the Constitution. Could we have some water, please? Wha-- Uh, y-you work here? At Finley? I've joined of counsel. - Oh, you're looking just splendid. - Thank you. I'm up against you? Oh, you'll enjoy it. Mr. Ray, a pleasure. I'm Anderson Pearson. I'll be conducting today's deposition. Hi. I'm sorry to have kept you waiting. Come. We can begin. [ Chuckles ] Small world. Yeah, puny. And as we came into the defendant's room, there she was. And what was she doing, Lieutenant? She was sweeping what appeared to be small packets... of a white powder substance into a pillowcase. [ Susan ] The defendant? The defendant. Where exactly was the pillowcase, Lieutenant, when it came into your possession? It was in the defendant's hands. And was there anybody else in the room with the defendant when you came in? - No, there was not. - Thank you, Lieutenant Stewart. That's all. Lieutenant, when you arrested my client, did she say anything to you? [ Susan ] Objection. Overruled. Thank you. - Overruled. - You can answer the question, Lieutenant. Did my client tell you anything? She said the drugs belonged to her brother, and when she heard us coming, she tried to hide them to protect him. - And you didn't believe her? - No. The warrant for the raid was issued against the brother, Jerome Reynolds? Yes. There was no warrant... with respect to Rachel Reynolds, was there? No. Had you ever met Rachel Reynolds before, sir? No, I hadn't. - Did you know anything about her before this raid? - No, I did not. You didn't have any reason to think that she was a dishonest person, did you? - No, I did not. - But even so, when she told you these weren't her drugs, - you chose not to believe her? - That's correct. I'm sure all the people you arrest have a story to tell, don't they? - They certainly do. - And most of the time, these people are lying. - Would that be your experience? - It would. Your Honor, I have to object. This trial is about this case only. Forgive me, but the witness made a judgment about the credibility of my client... based in part on his experience. - I'm entitled to explore that. - Quickly, please. When Rachel Reynolds told you the drugs belonged to her brother-- when she told you she was hiding them to protect her brother-- when she told you these weren't her drugs, you basically dismissed these denials... because most suspects lie in these situations. I think that's fair, yes. Thank you. - You have two kids yourself, don't you? - Yes, I do. Both boys-- 17, 14? Yes. They're both good kids? Yes, they are. You proud of 'em? I am. Okay. Suppose you walked into your older boy's room one day, and you suddenly surprised him, and there were drugs there. - Your Honor. - Overruled. - Latitude. Suppose there were drugs there, and your son maintained that they weren't his, that a friend of his, through a series of circumstances, had brought them there in fear that his own house might be searched. Truthfully, if there was no evidence to dispute your son's version, would you have arrested him? Probably not. Thank you. That was an honest answer. I take it when your son tells you something, you're likely to believe it's true. Is that a fair statement? Yes. Okay. Suppose you knew Rachel Reynolds... to be just as honest as your son, and there was nothing to contradict her story, would you place her under arrest? I-- I don't know. [ Bobby ] Again, I appreciate your truthful response. By the way, was there any physical, testimonial, circumstantial evidence... to contradict what Rachel Reynolds told you? - No. - So, if this had been your son... under the exact same factual scenario, same evidence, we probably wouldn't be having a trial right now, would we? - Maybe not. - Thank you, Lieutenant. That's all I have. Well, that was just a lovely set of assumptions, Lieutenant. Do you know Rachel Reynolds to be as honest as your own son? - No, I do not. - Did you believe her response to be honest... when she denied any involvement with the cocaine? No, I did not. Based on the circumstances, as well as your 20 years of experience... as an officer on the Boston police force, did you form an opinion as to her credibility? - I believed she was lying. - Thank you. But under the exact same circumstances, you wouldn't believe your son to be lying. You know what? Maybe I misspoke. If I caught my son with drugs right in his hands, I'd like to think I'd believe him. My own son, of course. But if the drugs were in his hands, I don't know, counsel. Maybe I would think he was lying too. - Is your son an honest person? - Yes, he is. But if the stuff's in his hands, then maybe it would be wrong for me to automatically believe him. I'd have to let the facts speak for themselves. Gee, I guess if you wouldn't believe your own son, well, then Rachel Reynolds never had a chance with you, did she? That's all. [ Spectators Murmuring ] Okay. It now becomes stupid, in my opinion, not to jump on this. You're still sayin' I should plead guilty when I didn't do anything. Rachel, they're offering you four months. That is a summer vacation. Integrity aside, we cannot risk this. Listen to me. If I say I did it-- if I say what they want me to say when it's not true, I'll never get over it, Mr. Donnell. It'll stick with me for more than 15 years. It will. Honey. Grandma, I'm sorry. - Please don't be mad at me. - Oh, I'm not mad at you, baby. I'm not mad at you. I'm just scared. [ Pearson ] Uh, when did your wife stop smoking, sir? The day she died of a heart attack. Oh, I see. Uh, you claim your wife smoked cigarettes for 30 years. Were you with her the day she began to smoke? No. Were you? Do you know anybody that was with her the day she began to smoke? Well, that's somethin' probably only she could answer. I guess it's too bad she died. -Mr. Ray, we've-- -I understand this is upsetting, sir, and I apologize. I'm just looking to obtain a more detailed account. The details are she's dead. You dragged this thing out hopin' she'd die, thinkin' maybe this case would go away. - Can we-- - You're probably hopin' that I'll be dead soon too. - Can we have a minute? - No more minutes. I won't die. I'll live forever, if for no other reason than to see this through. Your client's cigarettes killed my wife. And if I have to stick this out till I'm 80, I'll do it. I will never die. The record will reflect the witness refuses to die. He, um, was afraid... that my grandmother would search his room, so he stuck the stuff in mine. And you took no steps to remove these drugs, did you, Rachel? - Well, I asked my brother to take them out. - Yes. Other than that, you took no steps to rid your room of this cocaine? Um, no. You knew your brother sold this cocaine on the streets, didn't you, Rachel? - Yes. - And by keeping these drugs in your room, this helped him to sell the cocaine without getting caught. Isn't that right? Yes. And when you were sweeping this cocaine into that pillowcase, helping your brother again, you were trying to conceal the truth... from the police, weren't you? - Yes. - And when a person conceals the truth, is that, in your opinion, honest or dishonest behavior? - I guess dishonest. - And, Rachel, when your lawyer, Mr. Donnell, was questioning Lieutenant Stewart on the stand, he was asking him to suppose that you were just as honest... as his own boy when he came into that room. Do you remember that line of questioning? Yes. You weren't being honest when Lieutenant Stewart... came into your room. Bobby, object. You were concealing the truth to protect your brother. No. Yes. Now, when you were concealing the truth... to protect your brother, might you act dishonestly to protect yourself? - Bobby! - I'm saying what happened. The question I'm asking, Rachel, is this: If you would lie to protect your brother, wouldn't you also lie to protect yourself? Objection. The witness is being taunted. - Overruled. - Are you asking this jury to believe-- -What are you doing? -that you would lie to the police to protect your brother, but you wouldn't ever lie to protect yourself? - I'm not lying here. - Ah. So, on some occasions you lie, but this isn't such an occasion. Would that be fair? [ Exhales ] Yes. Thank you. I think we all got it. What do you think you're doing jumpin' up like that? You can't sit on your hands. I'm trying this case. She was confusing what Rachel was saying. She was untruthful hiding the drugs, not with her story. You should have been flagging that distinction. I don't want to be objecting. I know your strategy. I don't want the jury to think we're hiding anything. [ Arguing Over One Another ] I think that's ridiculous! How you doin', Frank? - How ya doin'? - If you ever do anything like that again, I swear to God-- What? What? You gonna fire me? Am I gonna have to face not having a paycheck every week? You got somethin' to say to me, Ellenor? Do you? Let's keep this about the case. You're second chair, and you do what I tell you! [ Sighs ] I was protesting NAFTA. I beg your pardon? NAFTA. I lost my job when the plant downsized... so they could go to Mexico for the cheaper labor. I-- I couldn't stay silent on that. Mr. Holsten, in my experience... genitalia rarely collides with sunlight... because of a U.S. trade agreement. - I won't do it again. - That's what you said the last time. Last time I was going through a divorce. Yes. Because your wife finally had it when, in front of your own grandchildren, you exposed yourself to Goofy at Disneyland. I thought it was Pluto. Look at me, Mr. Holsten. Do I look amused? I have a lot of clients, and some of 'em are good people. And they count on me to give them effective representation. To do that, I need my credibility... so that when I look a judge or a probation officer in the eye... and say that it won't happen again, I gotta believe that it won't. Is this going to happen again? Look at me. Will... this... happen again? I don't know. Okay. Uh, we gotta get you some help. I'm sorry for all the animosity. Mr. Ray has become very frustrated. You needn't apologize. In your type of practice, you're dealing with, uh, an element. You just try to be the best lawyer you can and navigate your clientele... through a process which is foreign to them. That your case is unwinnable... no doubt compounds the frustration, both his and yours. W-Well, uh, I-- I don't think it's unwinnable. [ Chuckles ] Lindsay, you're butting heads... with a billion-dollar tobacco company. I'm gonna tell you something off the record. Friend to friend, okay? Okay. Our defense strategy is not just to prevail on the merits of the individual case, but to do so in such a manner as to give pause... to any future plaintiff, if you follow me. - I don't. - I'm sure you do. I should also tell you that Michaels, on principle alone, refuses to pay anything. The precedent is just too dangerous. Well, then I guess we have nothing to discuss. No, no. Not so fast. I'm quite mindful that spending dollars... to defend against nickels and dimes defies economic logic. No, what I would like to do here... is book the bet, if you will. I beg your pardon? You give me a release, I won't even file it. I'll put it in my desk drawer. I give you 18,000 from Finley, not Michaels. It comes from Finley Hogue. We recoup from Michaels later, billing it under legal fees. But i-is that even legal? Yes. And who does it hurt? Your client gets money otherwise he wouldn't see, and my client makes the case go away for far less cost... with no precedent to worry about. Eighteen is kind of low. [ Chuckling ] Well, that's all I'm gonna offer. And that's considerably more than nothing, which is the only alternative. I'll have to think about it. Well, all right. Fine. Fine. Lindsay? What are you doing? I'm sorry? Bobby Donnell is a good practitioner, don't misunderstand me, but that's what he is, a practitioner. You studied to be a lawyer. I-- I don't mean to speak out of turn. It's just, I should hate to see you waste your gift. And you do have a gift. I'll review your offer with my client and get back to you. Thank you. [ Judge ] Do you want to run that by me one more time? I want to say in my summation that she was offered four months and turned it down. He's on something. I also want the jury to know... that a conviction means an automatic 15 years. I see. Any particular reason why the rules of evidence shouldn't apply to you? Sometimes the rules pervert things. If plea bargain offers become admissible, D.A.'s won't make them. She was good enough to offer you four months. Do you want to shove that back down her throat? The jury should know... that Rachel had the integrity to turn down four months-- Don't point your finger. and that a conviction puts her away until she is 30 years old! They won't know that! - What kind of fairness is this? I don't understand! - They won't know it! You're putting the system before a person's life here! Damn right I am! That's why I wear the robe. [ Sighs ] Okay. Suppose it just slips out. I'm doing my closing, stream-of-consciousness kind of thing, and it just comes out. Let me make this easy for you. Breathe so much as a word about that 10 or four month offer-- Now you're pointing. I'm the judge! I get to point! So much as suggest anything about a plea bargain, even hint at what the prison term will be, you not only buy yourself a mistrial... but also a jail cell of your very own. Do you hear me, counsel? Don't test me. Sticking together. Sticking together. No, no, no. Sticking-- She-- Rachel Reynolds, only... 17 years old. I-- If her brother-- She was-- She was trying to help her brother. Her only crime-- [ Sighs ] Excuse me. What are you doing? I'm just-- I'm going over my closing. - Don't you ever go home? - No. Do you? How'd it go with Emerson Ray? Oh, fine. They want-- Eh, it's going fine. Can I ask you something? Hmm. Do you have a girlfriend? What? No, I-- I don't mean for me. I just-- Well-- Sometimes I get insecure that, you know, in, like, seven or eight years or so, I'll be alone, pacing my office at night, talking to myself and that-- Oh, I didn't mean that the way it came out. I really didn't. Yeah. You're worried that, uh, you'll wind up like me? No. N-N-N-N-No. No, no. I just meant that-- Not that it's any of your business, but, uh, I, um-- um-- I'm in between relationships. And the reason that I'm in my office talking to myself is, if I don't give the closing of my life tomorrow, a 17-year-old girl loses hers. Probably forever. I really didn't mean it the way it came out. [ Sighs ] [ Door Closes ] - Did you type it out? Is it-- Is it typed out? - Double-spaced. - Jury instructions? - Jury instructions too. Is my blue suit in there? I need the blue suit. I close in blue. Ow! - Is it in there? I'm relaxed. - Relax. Don't tell me to relax. Why should I relax? She's 17 years old. [ Groans ] [ Exhales ] Relax. I'm relaxed. Spit. [ Lindsay ] They're all causation problems. I'm just afraid of getting nothing. Eighteen is low, even for nuisance. Here's the thing. Their lawyer used to be one of my law professors. He told me off the record Michaels refuses to offer anything. It's policy. But I think because of our relationship, he's willing to throw me 18 paid by Finley... and then bury the cost in legal fees to Michaels. What time's your meeting? What? I'm coming to the meeting. I didn't accept it. What time? I said I'd think about it. What time? 4:15. I didn't accept! We can't put the drug dealers away. We can't keep the streets safe for our children. Crime is winning. Well, you know what? It is hard getting convictions. But if we don't get this one-- caught with the drugs right in her hand, street value of $100,000-- caught stuffing cutoff baggies of cocaine into a pillowcase. If we can't even convict here-- Mr. Donnell says that's all they have. My poor client was arrested just because... she had the drugs in her hand. How awful. That is like saying... the police arrested the guy for murder just because when they heard the shots... he was standing over the dead body with a smoking gun, and it just isn't fair. Use your common sense. She lied for her brother. She admitted she was dishonest. She was shoving cocaine into a sack. You know, there's a saying among defense attorneys: Juries are made up of 12 people... who are too stupid to get out of jury duty. So, hell, even if your client is caught cold, don't give up. You've got no case, no defense, you've still got a jury. That woman facilitated drug trafficking. It's very simple. You know what has to be done. People today laugh at juries. I hope they don't laugh at this one. You know, I-- I came back to my office the other day, and I found one of my associates in tears. She had just won this suppression hearing, and she was upset over the career prospect... of putting drug dealers back on the street. 'Cause that's what we do a lot. When you do criminal defense work, you spend a lot of time trying to help guilty people. And after a while, it just-- it just wears on you to the point where you think, "Why the hell do you do it?" You want to know why I do it? That's why. Because every once in a while, you get one. An innocent person. Someone who's been accused of something... he or she didn't do, and it becomes up to me to fight their fight. Rachel Reynolds's only crime here... was trying to help her brother. And who amongst us can't understand that? That may be the essence of family, isn't it? Sticking together, sometimes beyond the point of reason. Now, you can choose to disbelieve her. I can't stop you. You can give in to the same kind of jaded cynicism... that Lieutenant Stewart did and think, "Hell, they all lie." But if you do that, the only thing you prove here today... is that you don't know Rachel Reynolds. I know her. I... know her. I know her. You see, that girl there-- [ Sighs ] You know, I tried to teach her some things during this trial. Some basic real truths. And she ended up teaching me. She's got an integrity bigger than this room. And I see you-- I see you looking at her. And if you would, I'd like you now to look at me. See, you may not know this, but lawyers have to-- have to play by certain rules when they try a case. You violate one of these rules and boom, mistrial. [ Snaps Fingers ] A lawyer could even be thrown in jail. One such rule... says a lawyer can't knowingly put up false evidence. He can't say something to the jury he knows to be untrue, which means, believe it or not, I can't stand here before you... and say that my client is innocent of the crime charged if I know otherwise. Oh, I can say other things. I can say the State didn't meet its burden. It didn't prove guilt. It didn't satisfy the standard beyond all reasonable doubt. I can say those things. But I can't stand here before you boldface and say, "She didn't commit the act"... if I know that statement to be false. That's the rules. Ladies and gentlemen, Rachel Reynolds... did not commit the crime. Rachel Reynolds is innocent. Rachel Reynolds... is innocent. Thank you. [ Pearson ] That wasn't a negotiation. It's a gift. I was throwing you a bone. It's just that, um, well, I was looking for a bigger bone. I see. And tell me, why have you brought along Mr. Young? Oh, I asked to come. You sounded so good, I just had to see for myself. There a problem, sir? Well, trying to exploit an influence over a former student... goes a little over the line. I wasn't aware your firm drew lines. Ouch. Let's not be silly. Finley Hogue has 342 attorneys. Mmm. Our client... has 10 more firms on retainer... ready to defend against this kind of precedent. - Liggett. - We are not Liggett. At a minimum, this suit would cost you... a quarter of a million dollars to prosecute. Who's gonna front that? You? Mr. Ray? For a case that can't be won? Who says it can't be won? Well, you have some secret strategy... unknown to any other law firm in the world? We cheat. - Ah-ha-ha. - [ Chuckling ] Then there's the smell. - Beg pardon? - Well, the jury takes a whiff of this, whiff of that, gets kind of a hunch for the truth. They're gonna smell your client, smell ours, smell you, smell me, kind of like scratch-and-sniff litigation. You don't think we're up to you. Figure we can't go toe-to-toe with the big boys. Maybe you're right. But standing here right now-- [ Sniffs ] Mmm. Smells good. Mmm, mmm, mmm. Your offer is rejected, Professor. Thanks again for the bone. Well, maybe over coffee-- [ Eugene ] Lindsay! [ Chattering ] It-- It was a great close, Bobby. Mmm. I mean, completely objectionable arguing your own opinion, but you pulled it off. She couldn't object. She would have looked bad. It's gonna be quick. It's gonna be quick, quick, quick. Which way? On that, I don't have a feeling. [ Pager Beeping ] Jesus, Mary and Joseph. [ Ellenor ] They're back? Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. [ Bobby ] Did you call her? I did. I paged Rachel. They're coming from Mattapan. You figure 20 minutes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Make sure they know to hurry. Relax. I am relaxed! They have a verdict? Already? Hour and 10 minutes they were out. Is that good? Very good. Short deliberation means acquittal, not guilty. Quick verdict means guilty. Unless they figure she must be lying. Unless they know she's innocent. Then why deliberate? Oh, God, she's dead. Get the clerk's office, Beck. 555-0106-- Ask for John Powers. Powers? I want to know as soon as they read it. [ Line Ringing ] Hour and 10 minutes. Must be 'cause it's Friday. [ Clears Throat ] Good evening. I have Eugene Young for John Powers, please? What does it mean? What does it mean? We're gonna know in a minute. Thank you. Ms. Reynolds, I'll ask you to stand, please. Madam Foreperson, has the jury reached a verdict? - Yes, Your Honor. - I'll now ask you... to read your verdict. On the charges of unlawful possession... with the intent to distribute drugs... pursuant to section 469... Massachusetts criminal law, we, the jury, find the defendant, Rachel Reynolds, - not guilty. - Ohh! [ Judge Hiller ] Members of the jury, this completes your service. Thank you. [ Rachel ] Thank you, Mr. Donnell. [ Judge Hiller ] You're free to go, as is the defendant. Adjourned. [ Cheering ] Whoo! We did it. Ohh. I'm so proud of you. â™ª [ Singing, Indistinct ] Hey, taxi? - Mr. Donnell, thank you. - Ah. Not just for winning, but-- but for those words you said. [ Ellenor ] Hey! Hey! I hope I'll live up to them. What? You already have, Rachel. You just stay your course. Taxi! Your course. I promise that. Stop the car! [ Tires Screech ] [ Ellenor ] Thank you. [ Both Laughing ] [ Bobby ] See you later. Thank you. Congratulations. Grandma, you coming? Oh. [ Ellenor ] All righty. [ Car Door Closes ] [ Bobby Sighs ] Rebecca, this is a motion for production of police reports in Bauer. Now comes the defendant in the above entitled matter... and moves pursuant to the Mass. Crim. P-14-A-2-G-L-C-4-1, subsection 98-F-N-T-O-C-4, subsection 7, clause 26, that this honorable court direct the Commonwealth, its agents or servants make available for inspection... any and all state, county or local police reports... having to do with matters referred to this case, as reasons, therefore, these reports are essential to the defendant... in the preparation of his case respectfully submitted by his attorney, Robert G. Donnell, Esquire. End of tape. [ Switches Off Recorder ] [ Woman ] You stinker! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 