The Practice: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Practice 
 s2e4 - Dog Bite - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Practice (1997–2004): Season 2, Episode 4 - Dog Bite - full transcript 
 Berluti represents a young girl who was bitten in the face by a dog. A juror communicates with Lindsay during a trial. Eugene defends a one-legged African American man accused of robbery. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on The Practice. Restrain his father-- Permission to smack him, Judge? Hey! Don't intimidate me! - What are you doing? - Cowards make me crazy! Your Honor, he vowed that he knew where I lived, and he said it with vicious malice. - I used to be a lawyer. Remember? - A terrible lawyer. - Jimmy, you never won a case. - I'm right for this one. You gave the tobacco case to Lindsay even though she'd never done a jury trial. You had a feeling and you went with it. I don't have... that feeling here. Oh. Okay. Hundred bucks says you lose. You want to bet on it? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You took this court-appointed, right? Mm-hmm. That means your fee tops at 700. Now, I am just giving you the chance to make 800. You sit here today remembering the placement of lampposts, the color of the surrounding cars, the exact time to the minute, but as for what the suspect looked like, "black," "big head." Small bills only. Mm-hmm. There is no case, ladies and gentlemen. They bring up two officers from the vice squad... who say they saw a woman they believe to be a prostitute... give money to my client. And then they automatically leap to the conclusion... that Kenny Tripp is a pimp. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What kind of evidence is that? [ Prosecutor ] Now, what kind of story was his? "She was paying off on a football bet." That's what Kenny Tripp says. A woman is observed orally copulating a man. The man is then seen remunerating the woman. The woman is then seen giving money to the defendant-- a man with two previous convictions for running a prostitution ring. And he says she was paying him... because the Dolphins didn't cover against the Patriots. No offense, but I liked his closing better than yours. Look, this case is completely circumstantial. We have a very good shot. Plus, we have grounds for an appeal. Let's not forget that. Yeah, but I still think if we put in I got a girlfriend, it would have made me look loving and caring. We were limited by the fact that you don't have a girlfriend, Kenny. Yeah, but if you had put it in, I would have got one. How'd it go? Great for the D.A. I gotta pee. Listen, they're not gonna follow me in there and, like, give me a urine test, are they? - I think you're safe. - Okay. Oh, Eugene? Don't tell me. [ Chuckles ] Oh, yes. Me. Look, I got that file. You asked for the file. Oh, damn right I did. The thought of beating you in court is just too hard for me to resist. Hey, Ellie. - How you doin', Renee? - But you won't beat me. All you got again is one eyewitness. Well, we... could bet again, couldn't we? Same rider? Mm-hmm. You got it. You're on. Pardon me... one second. [ Clears Throat ] Did you just make a bet on the Maynard trial? I did indeed. Um, I know you're excellent defending armed robbers, and you love cross-examining eyewitnesses, but-- Mm-hmm. Uh, don't bet him, Lindsay. No, no, no. The woman was held up by a one-legged man. She I.D.'d our client, who happens to have one leg, who was also picked up hopping three blocks from the scene with the victim's wallet. Don't bet him. Don't bet him? Mm-mmm. Don't bet him? I'd just be taking your money. Another hundred. Same rider. Accepted. As we speak. Am I late? Cuttin' it close, Teddy. Oh! Huge line downstairs. Some guy was tryin' to sneak in a staple gun. He said it was 'cause he had thick pleadings. Thick pleadings, man. You believe that? The judge is coming in, Eugene. Let's go. - Ah. - Uh, Teddy Maynard. Hello. [ Scoffs ] She's the D.A., Teddy. Oh. I'm single and innocent and allowed to date on bail. [ Scoffs ] [ Line Ringing ] [ Cell Door Opens, Closes ] [ Sirens Wailing ] [ Sighs ] A dog bite? I ask for my first real assignment, and you give me a dog bite. A lot of our cases are small, Jimmy. Right. It may not go to the Supreme Court, but I take it seriously. Bobby, my sinuses are acting up from all the dust on this file. It hasn't been touched in a year. Just cover the depositions. Can you do that, please? Fine. Dog bite. [ Sighs ] Excuse me. Uh-- This is completely out of line, but you're a very beautiful woman. Do I know you? No. Uh, that came from nowhere. I'm sorry. Oh, well, thank you. Hey, listen, you guys have nothin' to worry about. There's no way they're gonna convict your client. - Oh, you were in the courtroom? - So much for you noticin' me, I guess. I'm on the jury. I'm sorry. I-- I can't talk to you. What, exactly, did he say? Exactly what I said he said. There's no way he'll be convicted. [ Groans ] All right. And what, exactly, did you say? Nothing. I told him I couldn't talk to him, but it's still communication. I had a communication with a juror. I gotta go to the judge. - But you didn't communicate with him. - But even so, technically, under the rules, we have a mistrial. But this isn't fair-- not to Kenny. He's gonna-- He's gonna forfeit an acquittal because some horny juror tries to hit on you? The case is closed. All the evidence is in. What are you suggesting-- that we don't tell? It's not like the process has been tainted. It's not like we were trading on inside information. I mean-- Okay. Did you try to influence him in any way? - Of course not! - Did you discuss the case, or did you try-- I said nothing. As soon as I learned he was a juror, I shut him down. I don't see how it has any effect. I say we don't tell. Ellenor? [ Woman ] I had just left the A.T.M. machine. I was putting the money into my wallet when he hopped up. He being-- That man. The defendant. Now, had you ever seen this man before, Ms. Bancock? Yes. About two minutes before. I passed him on the sidewalk. He asked for change. Did you give him any money? No. It's not my practice. I just kept walking. Then, like I said, after I left the A.T.M., there he was again. Hmm. And what happened then? He told me if I didn't give him my wallet, he'd knock me down and hop up and down on my head, ball to heel. Then he just snatched it out of my hand and went bounding down the street. And did you see him again after that? The next morning. I came down to the police station. They had him in custody. Where in custody did you see him? In a lineup. He was just standing there, like a flamingo. Ms. Bancock, are you absolutely sure... that that is the man that robbed you? Of course I'm sure. I'd recognize him anywhere. That's the man. If anybody threatens to assault me or my client, there will be repercussions. I will not be intimidated. I will assert myself at all times, possibly to the detriment of others. - I'm here on the dog bite matter. - Oh, that's me. James Berluti. Nice to meet you. I was here when, uh, Eugene mugged your client. I don't do that. I'm heartened. Look, uh-- I think that you would agree... that this case is hardly worth our time. And I was hoping we could settle this amicably... without having to conduct the depositions. Of course I do reserve the right to remain assertive. 82,000. I deeply beg your pardon? I did the, uh, jury verdict research. A bite on the lip, residual scarring. Eleven stitches, and she provoked the dog. She went to pet him. Mr. Berluti, my time is valuable. Your time is valuable. My client is an oncologist. His time is exceptionally valuable. Do you really think we should proceed with two time-consuming depositions... over 11 stitches and a dog bite? It would seem so. The insurance company has authorized 24,000. Well, let's split the difference and go, uh, 75,000. And I will see you and your client this afternoon. Have you booked a court reporter? Three o'clock? Mm-hmm. Until then. Ms. Bancock, as I read the police report, you described the area of the assault, the conditions. You knew the exact time. You provide a lot of detail. Well, there's nothing routine about being mugged, Mr. Young. Things tend to stick. [ Eugene ] Yes. Uh, I see. But when it came time to describing the suspect, you just said, "Black," "one leg." That's it. I think that description limits the field, Mr. Young. Yes. But you don't describe anything about his face, except the color. Just black, and one leg. When a man hops out at you in the dark on one foot, you don't tend to notice how long his sideburns are. I can appreciate that, Ms. Bancock, more than you know. We do nothing and we say nothing. What that guy said has absolutely no effect. Technically-- I know technically. Technically, it's a mistrial. If we were using the information in any way, that would be one thing. But we're not. We are doing nothing but waiting for a verdict. Ellenor. Hey, Frank. How's it goin'? Weak-kneed. Look, if, uh, you plead guilty, I'll offer six months. What? On Tripp. What? You look as if you'd seen a ghost. This is like a gift. Six months. You should be jumpin' on that. Yeah, well, I'm, uh-- I'm not. We're, uh-- We're all feeling really good about the trial, aren't we? Oh, great. Yeah. Yeah, well, take it to your client. Somethin' tells me he'll dance. Great. Mr. Donnell said that this would settle. It will. There's no way they're gonna bother over small potatoes like this. They'll settle. And why isn't Mr. Donnell bothering to do these depositions? Well, he's got a big murder trial startin' up next week. And, uh, he didn't want you shortchanged. So, he put me on full-time. Susan? Honey? Hi. My name is Jim. Just gonna ask you some questions about what happened. That's all. Nothin' too hard. This should be pretty easy, okay? Okay. I'll be right beside you the whole time. Okay. - Ellenor-- - Hey, Ellie, they still out? Yep. Still. Look, can you, uh, just give us a few seconds? And then, uh, we need to talk. How can we not tell him? No, we just present the D.A.'s offer. Ellenor, he's the client. Yes, I know. But if we tell him, then the information comes into play. And then we have to go to the judge. So, what are we gonna say? [ Exhales ] All right. We are going to convey the D.A.'s offer. If he turns it down, then what that juror said is still meaningless. And then if he accepts the deal, then it's an entirely different story. We should just go to the judge now. All right. In which case, Kenny loses his acquittal because of some stupid rule that doesn't-- - [ Door Opens ] - What's goin' on? Nothin'. Nothing. What's... going on? Just... a girl thing. Can you send, uh, Kenny in? Sure. - Why can't we tell Bobby? - Because if he knows, then he's incriminated. Lawyers have a duty to report, remember? I know. [ Footsteps ] Kenny. Why don't you have a seat. Something's wrong. Got this gland thing. It works like radar when something's wrong. Sit. Well, were they like big loping hops, or just little hops? They were hops, for God's sake. How many ways could there be to hop? Well, forgive me for being a nuisance. But your description was only "black," "one leg." Is it your testimony that all hops look alike? Objection, Your Honor. Here he goes again, making this about race, when he knows this case-- I'm not doing that. - Counsel! - I'm just talking about his hopping. Please. [ Scoffs ] Is this for real? Oh, I assure you, Your Honor. This is very real and very serious. He robbed her. And I object as much as you do to what Mr. Young here is doing. Your Honor, I'm going somewhere with this. Hurry up and get there. Step back. Double or nothin'? Absolutely. And I just went up to pet him. And he growled real fast and bit me. All right, Susan. Now, do you remember what direction you approached him from? Was it from the front? Was it from the back? Was it from the side? From the front. Do you think maybe you scared him a little? He was practically bigger than me. [ Colson ] Well, maybe "scared" isn't the right word. Do you think maybe you surprised him a little? I just put my hand up to pet him. Well, is it possible that you put it too close? He's makin' it out my fault. Susan, he's just askin' questions to find out what happened. I just went up to pet him. I understand. It's okay. Susan, how many inches did you put your hand up to his mouth? I don't know. Let's pretend you're the dog. Did you put your hand up about... this close? - I don't know. - Was it possibly this close? - I said I don't know. - Was it maybe this close? - Ow! - Susan! Ow! Ow! [ Jimmy ] Move to strike! Geez! Was that your fault? [ Groans, Mutters ] Uh, let's break. [ Ellenor ] Look, we really need an answer, Kenny. The jury could come back any second now. Six months. Six months. I'm gonna take the offer. - [ Exhales ] You are? - What the hell's goin' on here? - What's going on is this case just became a mistrial. - I beg your pardon? A juror told me in the elevator there's no way you'd be convicted. A juror? On my trial? Yes. - Told you that? - Yes. Uh-- Am I missing something here? I mean, shouldn't we all be celebrating? Kenny, communication with a juror is pretty much an automatic mistrial. The reason why we didn't tell you is because if you didn't have the information, well, then you couldn't trade on it. And what that juror said was kind of irrelevant. The bottom line is-- [ Exhales ] we gotta go to the judge. And she's probably gonna throw the case out, and we're gonna have to try the whole thing over again. Are you saying... that if we keep our mouths shut, I'm looking at the big "N.G."? And you're plannin' to go back to the judge and get this case kicked? And I have to stand trial all over again? That's the rules. That's the rules. I'm looking at an acquittal here. We don't know that for sure. The guy was hitting on me. He could have been saying that stuff to make an impression. He might have had no clue as to what the other jurors were really thinking. Fine. We, uh, chalk it up to flirtatious banter. You ain't gotta go to the judge. You don't understand, Kenny. We have a certain ethical-- Ellie, please. I'm a free man. I'm your client. You're askin' me to risk jail on a technicality? I can't even believe you're thinking about this. - Our hands are tied, Kenny. - Ellie, your hands are not tied. Okay? They're not tied. It's not as if you bribed a jury. Okay, we're waiting-- we're waiting for them to come back with a verdict. Are you saying that I should be punished because one of them let the cat out of the bag early? Huh? That's ridiculous. You can't do this to me, Ellie. Uh, you can't. If this were to ever get out-- It won't. I promise it won't. [ Groans ] You tell them just like you told me. I'll ask the questions, and you just tell the truth. And don't get rattled. It was good? What I told ya, huh? 'Cause, I mean, I can change it if you think I need somethin' better. What do you mean, you can change it? You didn't tell me the truth? Well, of course not. You practically warned me not to. You said you'd get stuck with it. But I didn't mean I wanted you to lie to me. Your story, it's a lie? Certainly. You did rob that woman? Of course. Oh! But, I mean, she was rude. She didn't just not give me the change, all right? She gave me one of them looks like, "How dare you be in my eyeline. - How dare you belittle my day." - Oh, God. I'm a very good liar, Mr. Young. Look, I can't put you on the stand if I know you're gonna lie. Why not? Well, it's against the law for me to do that. If a lawyer knows his client's gonna lie, he has an ethical obligation to talk him out of testifying. Well, it's the truth then. I was lyin' about it bein' a lie. Look, Mr. Young, if I don't testify, I'm gonna get convicted. - Would I be wrong on that? - No. So, I'm testifyin'. Okay. Just so you know the rules I gotta play by. Uh-huh. I can't suborn perjury, which means that you'll have to testify in the narrative. What's-- What's that mean? Well, it means I can't ask you questions. - You just gotta get up there and tell your story. - Oh, that's all right. See, 'cause I do better when I get a flow anyways. It just comes. Great. [ Exhales ] Mr. Young. Look, you don't have to worry. I'm very good at this. Maybe we should just take the 24,000. We can do better, Mrs. Stevenson. I really believe that. Um, honey, can you go see Rebecca for a sec? Yes. Okay. I'm sorry I bit the man. He knows that, honey. Go ahead, sweetie. I really don't want to put her through this. She doesn't have to be here for the doctor's deposition. If I can make a dent here, then maybe we can push this settlement up some. I think we should keep going. May I ask you a question? Um, when did you take over this case? I-- I don't mean to criticize. I'm just curious. When was this passed on to you? This morning. Mrs. Stevenson, this is just the discovery part of the case. It's standard fact-finding. I told you that I didn't want to go to trial. I know. But your case is in very capable hands with Jimmy here. Yeah, and I've been readin' up on, uh, animal behavior and stuff. I think we'll be able to up the settlement. I do. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. And thank you. If this ever gets out, we're disbarred. It won't get out. Suppose the juror talks. Suppose he tells somebody he did me? - Members of the jury, have you reached a verdict? - We have. Then he's in as much trouble as us. Shh. - Look surprised. - On the matter of the Commonwealth vs. Kenny Tripp, on the charge of 3213, operating prostitution services for fee, we find the defendant... guilty. [ Judge ] Sentencing next Tuesday, 9:00. - Please take the defendant into custody. - [ Gavel Raps ] I thought you said it was coming back "N.G."? Kenny, whatever you do, just stay tight. Tight? You wanna see tight? "Look surprised." Do I look surprised enough? Don't say anything. I'm coming right back to talk to you, okay? Just don't say anything. I've got a plan. [ Man ] Let's go. Now what? What's the plan? [ Exhales ] - You want to repeat that? - It won't sound any better. No, but at least I can be reassured I didn't hear wrong. A juror told us they were acquitting. We told the client. The client turned down a plea bargain because of this information. And now please tell me why the two of you shouldn't be thrown in jail? Your Honor, we didn't come in here to defend ourselves. We came in here to say that Kenny should not be penalized for our misconduct. Throw us in jail if you want, but not Kenny. Just for my own education, why on earth would you take such a risk for this client? Is he related by blood? No, we just thought it seemed unfair for him to forfeit an acquittal... because of some juror's big mouth and-- Obviously, we made a considerable misjudgment. - For which we feel the client-- - I'm not overturning the conviction. Your client participated in this dishonesty. And I'm certainly not going to reward him for it. The guilty verdict stands. So as not to punish him unduly... for the blatant and illegal action of his attorneys, I'll sentence him to six months-- the same term that the D.A. was offering. Thank you. As for the two of you, I'll be referring you to the Board of Bar Overseers. And I'll be recommending immediate disbarment. Don't you-- Don't you think that's a little severe? Not a bit. That's all. The defense calls Theodore Maynard. Your Honor, may I approach? Your Honor, as an officer of the court, I have to let my client testify in the narrative. Did you try to dissuade him from testifying, counsel? I did. Yeah, right. I did! - He insisted. - Step back. Members of the jury, a little departure from the norm. Mr. Maynard, instead of testifying in the usual "Q" and "A" form, is simply going to state his version of the events in the narrative form. Now this is done sometimes. It's just a different style. Okay, sir. Please state your name for the record. And then you may begin. My name's Theodore Maynard, though everybody that knows me just calls me Teddy. Shall I tell 'em now about how I lost my leg, or just stick to this case? - The case. - Oh. All right. It was a cold, dark night. Kind of a clammy night. Kind of night where you just knew somethin' bad was gonna happen. [ Jimmy ] Just a couple questions, Dr. Manheim. I appreciate you taking the time. Certainly. Your dog, his name is Ross? Yes. I had an Uncle Ross once. Dead. Got the gout. It isn't relevant to this here. He's a rottweiler? [ Dr. Manheim ] Yes, he is. [ Jimmy ] Beautiful dogs, if you like the big kind. Now, when your rottweiler bit Susan Stevenson, did you actually see what happened, sir? Well, I was talking to somebody else in the park, so my eyes were going back and forth. Mm-hmm. Who would this other person be, sir? It was a woman. Someone I just met, actually. She was walking her dog as well. Both animals were on a leash, by the way. I see. Uh, you say you just met? Uh, you wouldn't have gotten her name, would you? Maybe a phone number? - Actually, yes, I did. - Oh, good. That makes things easier. I'll get that later. Uh, her dog. What kind was that? I think it was a shar-pei. Shar-pei? An old girlfriend told me I looked like a shar-pei. Personally, I didn't see it. It isn't relevant to this here. Perhaps... since we're all busy people, you could stick to what is relevant here. Of course. Uh, you said, uh, you were looking back and forth. What did you see, if you remember? Well, I noticed a young girl looking at Ross. I think she then made a sudden movement, as if to pet him. And I think she startled him. That's when he nipped her. Is, uh, your dog fixed? Or, uh, you know, are you planning puppies? Neither. When did you get this dog, Doctor? About three years ago. That's in the interrogatories, as are all the answers to these questions. I know. Uh, sorry. I was doing some checking, and I noticed your condo on the North End... got robbed a week before you got this rottweiler. Would that be a coincidence? Not exactly. [ Jimmy ] You got this dog for some kind of security thing. In part. Also as a pet. Ever take it to any dog obedience school? No, I trained him myself. Oh. So, uh, you would be aware on the behavior of these animals? - Come on, counsel. - Well, I-- No, I don't mean, like, you're an expert. Just some basic things. Are you aware that rottweilers are an aggressive breed? More aggressive than average, yes. And you'd know that males, especially un-neutered males, are most aggressive. I don't think I knew that, but I believe you if you say it's so. Now, you said you saw the little girl looking at the dog. Did you know that looking into a dog's eyes... is likely to be interpreted by the animal as an aggressive challenge? No, I didn't know that. Okay. Uh, what kind of, uh, food do you give him, generally? Dog food! Scraps from the table sometimes. High on protein? I haven't any idea. Do you know that a high protein diet... for these kinds of animals can make 'em more aggressive? No, I didn't know that, counsel. This is kind of a dangerous animal you got, Doctor. I'd think you'd check up on some of these things. Could we just please ask questions? The woman you met at the park-- By the way, did you ever see her again? Yes, we had dinner a few times. I think I'll take her name and number now. Hey. How'd it go? How'd it go? [ Door Closes ] What? Oh, uh, Kenny got six months. He's, um-- He's out, pending appeal on the probable cause issue. With any luck, uh, we'll get him out altogether. Ah, cool. We, on the other hand, uh-- What? Things didn't go so good for us. What happened? We're getting disbarred. And it's her fault. - What? - I should have never listened to you. - What? - You know, "Don't tell! Don't tell!" - We were both in on this, Lindsay. - You kept saying, "Don't tell." [ Ellenor ] Don't put the whole thing off on me! - Hey! - You're the one who talked to the juror! There's a deposition goin' on in here. What's goin' on? You tell him. No, you tell him. That way you can allocate blame. I was saying from the start we shouldn't take the chance. You could have recused yourself. - You could have gone forward on your own accord. - Hey! Let's go to my office... now. It's not that she wouldn't give me the change. I get rejection every day. But the way she wouldn't even look at me, like it would bring her down to acknowledge I was there. Now, I joke about things all the time. In fact, that's how I get by. I make jokes. [ Chuckles ] See, usually I can make everything a joke. But this one kind of stuck with me. Anyway, I went around the corner on Tremont, where we all kinda hang out. You know, panhandler central. And Joey Free, the guy I told you about earlier? He's also got one leg. He starts yellin' at me for bein' a victim. Sayin' feelin' sorry for myself was my worst problem. And I just snapped back, "Easy for you to say, Mr. Crutch. I can't even afford crutches!" And Joey, he just jumps up, throws his crutches to the ground and hops off. About a minute later, he comes back, throws a wallet at me and says, "See? I'm no victim." The man had jumped up and snatched that woman's wallet. Now, I had it when the police came. I certainly did. But I didn't take it. It was Joey Free. 'Cept Free is not his real last name. I kinda don't want to turn him in. There's certain codes we gotta live by. But I'll be honest about this, though I'm sure my lawyer will probably berate me for it later. I wish it was me. I wish I was the guy that jumped up and took that woman's money. I'd be sittin' here prouder today if I hopped up to that woman and said, "I exist!" Now, I don't believe in stealin'. But if she was keepin' in her wallet the idea that some people are less worthy than her, then I'm glad she lost it. Now, I didn't take it. But I'd be proud to sit here and say that I did. And that's the truth. Why didn't you come to me with this? Because you would have gone along with it. And then you'd be in the same trouble we are. I wouldn't have gone along! I would have told the judge! - Oh, please, Bobby! You never would-- - It was jury tampering! - We didn't tamper. We only withheld-- - Ellenor, for God's sake, communication with a juror, you go straight to the judge! - No question. - Even if we're gonna forfeit-- No question! This is-- This is beyond stupid. You risked your careers. You completely jeopardized the reputation of this entire firm. What the hell could you have been thinking? - "The reputation of this firm." - What? - Nothing. - Hey! The reputation of this firm doesn't matter to you? Bobby, all we did was live up to your example. You just sold out a client-- Lyle Roberts. Let's not forget that. You just finished arguing jury nullification. You got a murderer off on the moral integrity... of his cold-blooded execution. What exactly do you think our reputation is here, Bobby? I mean, who are you kidding? We are reasonable doubt for a reasonable fee. We are a bottom-feeding, do-whatever-you-can- to-get-your-client-off law firm. That is exactly what we are. And what Lindsay and I did may not have been ethical, it was completely in the spirit and the tradition of Bobby Donnell. You want to fire me? Go right ahead. But please, please, Bobby, do not lecture me. Were you here all night? - Yep. - Why? [ Door Opens, Closes ] I don't know, Beck. [ Door Opens, Closes ] You heard what Ellenor said? It escaped a little through the walls. Bobby, I think the problem is this place isn't just you anymore. There's also them. And I think they got a good leader in you... for not great leadership, you know? Maybe it's time for a meeting. [ Jimmy ] There's the door! Nobody's stoppin' you. - Is he in there with somebody? - I didn't see anybody else. You walk out of here, I'll see you in court! Oh. Hi. Well, what are you doin'? I got a settlement conference in half an hour on the dog bite case. I'm not a good closer. I come off too nice. I gotta be strong, you know? I'm gonna come on strong. And since I don't shift gears good, I'm gettin' ready. I gotta be tough! Got it. Sorry to bother you. [ Door Closes ] You're gonna regret it! You're definitely gonna regret it! You walk out of here-- [ Groans ] She's not I.D.'ing the man who held her up. She's identifying the man she saw in police custody. She sees a one-legged man in the lineup, she figures it must be him. She wants it to be the guy. We all do, so that we can feel safe-- that the bad guy is off the street. What are the chances there could have been somebody else... there that night with just one leg? Of course she was going to conclude that the man they had must be the guy. But remember, she really couldn't identify the man's face. She didn't give the police any description other than "Black, one leg." That was it. - Objection. This is too much. - Counsel, get up here. I'm sorry, Your Honor, but this goes way over the line. I mean, to recruit black amputees... to walk into the room in the middle of his closing argument? I mean, that-- that's unbelievable, even for him. I'm shocked. Did you enlist those one-legged black people? Your Honor, my client is in an amputee support group. - His friends came to his trial. - Oh, right. What do you think of me? - Counsel-- - They could have used crutches. Or, I don't know, maybe a wheelchair? He deliberately had them hop. I'm not sure this is something you can appeal. Now, let him finish his closing. Please. Step back. 200,000? Yesterday, you said 75,000. - Well, today I got more facts. - Oh, you've got more facts? I've got more facts. Let's hear your "facts." The facts are your guy bought a security dog-- a dangerous instrument he took no steps to train or even learn about. Either he didn't know the risks of this animal, which makes him negligent, or he did, which makes him reckless-- your pick. So, 200,000-- I'm not finished with my facts. Oh. Oh, well, go ahead. You want me to go ahead? I said, "go ahead." This was preventable. Dogs like this need to be socialized. This one wasn't. Dogs like this need to be taught submissive behavior. This one wasn't. Dogs like this should be fed low protein. This one wasn't. If he chooses to dispense with these precautions, fine. It's his choice. He takes the risk. But if he's gonna go to a park-- a children's park-- and hit up on women and not even pay attention... when he knows a child is two feet from his security rottweiler, he puts the child at risk too. She lost her face. He got a phone number and a couple of dinner dates. That's what the jury's gonna hear. Is that right? That's right. 200,000. Nothing less. I'll see you in court. I doubt it. What is this? Um, hi. Yes, hi. [ Sighs ] One alternative offer. What? What? What? 150,000 and whatever it takes to fix her face. Excuse me? Your client's a doctor at Mass General. I'm sure he's got lots of colleagues. And I'm not talking about one operation. It's whatever it takes to make her the pretty girl she was pre-rottweiler. That could turn out to be cheaper than 200,000 if he gets the right doctors. 150,000 and her smile. Final offer. Tell Eugene he can wait here. He doesn't have to wait down at court. Bobby, he expects the jury back any minute. This doesn't even involve Eugene. This does involve Eugene. This is a meeting about this firm. Eugene is a member of this firm. Fine. Ellenor! Look, let's just start. He gets here when he gets here, okay? Okay, first, the disbarment proceeding, I will represent both of you. We shouldn't get independent counsel? We probably should, but on this, I think I can be more persuasive. Okay, now, let's clear the air about all this being in the spirit of my tradition. Ellenor. I cleared my air yesterday, Bobby. We bend, we fold, we mutilate all the rules around here. It's like our motto. Would you agree with that, Lindsay? Well, pretty much. Jimmy? I don't know. Truth is, I don't know what we are. I think what we are and what we could be are two different things. - Meaning? - Meaning we've been a firm that'll represent anybody. Financially, we've had to. And the clientele we have-- You know, let's face it. The "reputation" that we're honorable, that we play by the rules, that would cost us our clients. The Kenny Tripps which make up this practice, they rely on us to cheat a little. To stick up for them first, the rules second. You know, they might love us, but to the legal community, we're the lawyers who give lawyers a bad name. The bread and butter that's kept us afloat, it's mainly been the drug dealers, the Kenny Tripps. How do we just abandon them? [ Ellenor ] Look, we abandon them... because there are plenty of other lawyers who are desperate to do that work. We're not that desperate anymore. Or maybe you're more desperate than you could ever know. And what's that supposed to mean? It means maybe you like it here in the trenches. You know, maybe you don't want to climb out. But if so, be honest about it so we can get out while we still have the chance. In the matter ofCommonwealth versus Theodore Maynard, on charge 62434, we, the jury, find the defendant... not guilty. - [ Man ] All right! - [ Maynard Laughing ] Thank you, Mr. Young. You were awesome, man. - I'm even gonna pay you. - Oh, that's nice, but, Teddy-- Look. Look, I know, all right? I'm gonna stay clear from this kind of crap. I need to grow up. I'm gonna. [ Renee ] Does it ever bother you... getting all these guys off on acquittals when you know they did it? [ Eugene ] Sometimes. But am I all torn up over the idea of Teddy Maynard out there-- Hopping free? [ Chuckles ] Oh. Come on. Let me, uh, pay off some of this debt by taking you to dinner. I'm... married, Renee. You're... separated, Eugene. Y-Yeah. Well, I-- I got a kid... who's not ready for his dad to be out with a-- a D.A... just yet. Otherwise, I would-- It's-- [ Chuckles ] Hey. Anyway, congratulations, again, on your wonderful victory. Thanks. [ Sighs ] So-- Um, I'll... see you in court? Yeah. [ Door Closes ] I don't-- I don't believe it! I'm still in a little shock myself. $140,000! Plus as many operations as it takes to fix her smile. I-- I don't know what to say. - Well, you gotta say "yes" before I go-- - Oh, well, yes! My God, yes! I-- I-I-- I'd like to go tell her. Oh, and they know that I-- I don't have medical insurance and-- No hospital costs, period. I'll get it in writing. We can make appointments for her to meet with the plastic surgeon as soon as we close. Well, I owe you all a big apology because... you don't know what I was thinkin' of you all. This is really true? - All true. - [ Laughs ] Thank you. Am I to understand that instead of accepting 200,000, you settled on 140,000, plus hospital care? - Yeah. - You realize we can't take a contingency on a girl's smile? If you had settled for 200,000 on a straight cash deal, this firm would have made an extra $16,000. You do know that? It crossed my mind. Jimmy, you said you don't know what this place is. What you just did, I'd like to think that's... exactly what this place is. Good job. Thank you. [ Woman ] You stinker! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 