The Only Way Is Essex: Season 26, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Only Way Is Essex 
 s26e3 - Episode #26.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Only Way Is Essex (2010–…): Season 26, Episode 3 - Episode #26.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Get in! I slept with her ex-boyfriend, but I'm never apologising. When you lay with dogs, you catch fleas, babe. Better get to the vets then, babe. She is a vile, little creature. You're an old, lanky troll who should really be Pinteresting her wedding, instead of slagging off 19-year-olds. I don't wanna talk about this stupid, little girl anymore. She's just a spiteful girl and she needs to grow up. Frankie and Harry had a massive boot off about the Chloe Brockett thing. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He said that I pulled up a photo of Frankie and was saying, "Why are you with her?" He makes her insecure! I thought that you could paint me like the lady in Titanic. Have you made up with Chloe? No, we've not spoke. He crossed a line, and when I pulled him on it, he just wasn't remorseful. I have missed her, but I'm not gonna go and... and fly around now, begging for her to be in my life again. # The only way is up # Baby # For you and me now # Ooh, ooh, ooh. # 'Love You Better' by Anton Powers Hurry up, Bob, I'm late for book club. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Right, Saff, you gotta keep out, I've got half shoes on. It's important, Bob. Oh, Saff, slow down. You need to spray a bit on the table. Are you joking? George, look, there's none on the table. Argh! Good. Two. Nice, three. Brilliant. Come on, that's it, you're gonna dip and drive up. Come on, two more. Good, two. # You're the first You're the last # Should have loved you better When I had the chance... # Oh, that hit my bum, it really hurt! Oh, stop, stop, stop, stop! Stop. Oh! It's over. Game over! George, why am I here? What do you mean? Don't disrespect book club. It's better than kitchen shopping, to be fair. OK, that's rude, cos I love kitchen shopping. Ame, I'm obsessed, ain't I? But I'm not allowed to have no say on what's going on in the house. But you're... you're a guy. Us girls have all the input, just so you know. Yeah, yeah, I've just gotta pay for it. Yeah. Fine. I've said to him, he went, "Why have we gotta do all the work now?" I said, "I'd rather do the work now before I get pregnant "and have a baby, and then when I do get pregnant, it's done." Yeah. "I can just nest in my little house." You don't look excited. I can't wait. I can't wait. You need to be enthusiastic, definitely. Ahh! Ha-ha. I'm, so... Oh! No, I'm so, so sorry. No, you're late, bruv. Oh, no, come on, I've been doing something really good today. No, hold on. Tell her. Tell her the rule, first rule. You can't be late to book club, Saff, I'm sorry. You can't be late. Look, I've gotta be honest, I will never be late again, but I was doing something really special. Go on. You know me and Bobby were doing, uh, Isolation With The Nation in lockdown? Yeah. So, we sold some T-shirts and we have raised 35,000. What?! Wow! We've got the final cheque now. But the cheque is so big that it... it was a palaver getting it up the high street. Well done, that's a really good thing. Well done, Saff. That's a high figure as well, man. Yeah. So, welcome to book club, guys. Thank you. Thanks for coming. I just think it's really important, everyone get together, book club, really important. Yeah. OK, so let's get the book. A Year of Being Single. You're taking the mick out of me. No, I'm not, honestly. Nah. I've read this book, it's really good book. Nah. I promise you now, it's not. I promise. Nah. You're not allowed to say no. Well, I'm saying nah to that book. You're in a relationship, you're in a relationship and I've gotta read about being single? Listen. Yeah, the book ain't... Right, listen, this is not a neg... I've never been single apart from this year. No, this is not a negative book, it's a positive book. So what if... Listen, A Year Of Being Single... Why do you always think negative straightaway, because you know what? Well, it ain't been a positive time, I gotta be honest with ya. It could be a positive if you read the book. Right. You know, it's good being single. Read me the blurb. The blurb, babe. I'm gonna read it. No, no, the blurb's the back of the book, Ame. You told me you was book club. I ain't even heard... I just say back of the book. That's the blurb, babe. OK. "Three friends, one year, absolutely no men." Stunning. "Imogen is supposed to be one of the most romantic weekends of her life "and instead, she's quickly realised that her current boyfriend, "definitely isn't the one, and actually, he's one big mistake." Does it just think, "Oh, my God," like, you can't wait to read the next bit of the book, do you know what I mean? I'm really happy to be here. What I think we should do quick is do a chant. We love book club. We love book club. We love book club. 'I'm actually a bit embarrassed about the size of this cheque.' I mean, it's two foot and bright pink. Smooth. It's like a... It's very us, isn't it? I don't think we do subtle, though, do we, it's not in our vocabulary. Definitely not. It's so nice, being here, though, isn't it? It's lovely to have a change of scenery. Yeah. And for someone else to have cooked. There's Bobby and Matt there. Oh, it's Yaz and Lockie. Bloody hell. I love that we're able to see people again now. I know! Do you know what I mean? It's still so weird. Hello, guys. Hello. Hello, guys. How are you? What's going on? Nice to see ya. You both look lovely. Yeah, so do you. Thank you and you. If we knew you was out and about, we could have double dated. What's that down there? Oh, what, this old bad boy? My subtle cheque. It's massive. So, basically, in the lockdown, me and Saff designed some T-shirts, cos we thought we wanted to do something for the NHS, and so far, we're at 35 grand. Oh, my gosh, that's amazing. How amazing. Yeah, that's good. I can't believe it. Huge amount raised. Well done, Bob. Thank you, guys. So, how have you been finding lockdown, living together? I think lockdown was make or break for people. Yeah. And I think, thankfully, it made us. So now he's here for good, he's made the decision to move down. No way. Yeah. Oh, my God. Left the job, I'm here. Congratulations. Congratulations. Yeah! What's that in your hand? What, this? Yeah. It's my masterpiece. You know, like the scene in Titanic when Jack paints that woman? Yeah. That's what I wanted to recreate. OK. Right. What was the hidden message behind it, though, was there a reason? I just thought it would be nice for him to do, you know, something that I wanna do, a bit romantic, bit more different from us just going out and the... partying, like we used to do before. So are you finally realising, James, that kind of happy wife, happy life? As a man, you sometimes see your pals out, doing what they're doing, you know, um, and you realise that... you should be happy with what you've got. Just do you and don't worry about other people. Exactly. You both look happy. You both look so well, so... No, we're good. Right, you ready? Oh, I'm ready, grand reveal. OK. Be honest with me. Always. I'm watching both your faces. Oh, no. It's good. Well, that face expression wasn't good. Yeah, yeah. Yours was better. To be fair, I'd say, one for... OK. ..one for the toilet. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Listen... One for the toilet?! You cheeky git. Yeah, I think it's... I thought we were pals. I was gonna tell you that I missed you while you were in LA, but I don't anymore, I wish you hadn't come back. That bloody hurt! Why? That wasn't me. I'm gonna send you pictures of my bum and my legs later. I honestly didn't hear you. I'll tell you the truth, yeah? I did shoot you once. Yeah, in my bum cheek. ..in the bum, in the bum. He went to town, he... like, Rambo. I don't know how people think this is fun. I think we have gotta start growing up. I don't think paintball's for me. Shall we start being really mature? No, but getting older, the whole idea of getting older scares me. You know, I've just turned 25 and I'm not a kid anymore, I'm a full grown adult, and I just feel like I have no idea where my path is. You know, you wanna become, like, a big-time rapper, you're, like, the best plumber is Essex. You have this, like, jewellery thing going on. I'm not 21 years old anymore and it is scary. Listen, you've got nothing to worry about. I thought I was gonna be married with two kids at 25, living in a mansion. Look, honestly, the way this year has gone so far, you ain't gotta rush to do anything. Just be happy that, like, your family's healthy, just have fun with your mates, like, do whatever you wanna do. If people wanna hate on you for being a plumber, let 'em hate. If people wanna hate on me being a rapper, let 'em hate. I think, honestly, you've got nothing to worry about. Well, it could be worse. Could be Pete. 80, 85... All right? All right? Hi, Peggy. How are you? There is two of us here. Yeah. There's only one decent one, though, ain't there? Well, this is a little bit awkward, innit? Little bit, yeah. Do you have anything to say? Well, not really. You? Well, you didn't want me to talk to you, so... I don't wanna be rude in front of Peggy, but you was a bit of an arsehole. Fine. Towards the end of our friendship, if you like, I felt like you started dismissing my feelings, and... Are you gonna look at me or at the bush? I feel like you was dismissing how I felt a lot, like I... I've confided in you, I've told you everything, like, all my secrets, all my things. I know I'm a lot, I know I can be clingy and I can be jealous, but that is who I am. So if you don't like them things, then we can't be friends cos I'm not gonna change, I am who I am. Hold on, hold on, hold on. No, I'm getting to my point. Obviously when the pandemic happened, there was loads of times where I thought, "Oh, my God, I need Pete. "I need to speak to Pete." Why didn't you, Chlo? Because, Pete... Why didn't you? Because I didn't even know if you WOULD be there, even if I did reach out. I didn't know, I didn't know what to do, and the longer it went, the days, the weeks, the months of not hearing from you, I just thought, "Oh, my God, he's proving me right." I get that you would have been scared. I get it, and I get that you would have, but I needed you as well. I've never once, not once, no matter what row we've ever had, ever thought that I wouldn't have you in my life, never. You obviously did. So, actually, as hurt as you may have been from that, and I apologise for that, you saying that hurt me. So why am I gonna come up to you now and get told to fuck off again, when you don't wanna speak to me? I know I've done things wrong, Chlo, right, and I can see it, and if I took that wrong and didn't appreciate how upset you were at the time, then I'm sorry. Not "if", you know. Don't... This is what pisses me off about you because then, now we're face to face like, now I feel bad. I don't want you to feel bad. But YOU did not take it seriously. No, I didn't, because... But then when, but... Listen! But then when I sent you a big essay telling you everything how I felt, you still didn't acknowledge it. You didn't even reply, Pete. I feel like you've got into this thing now where it's like you need to be as stubborn as I am, like, what point are you trying to prove? I didn't reply cos the end of the message, saying, "I've got nothing else to say, I don't want you in my life," "so basically "fuck off." Because I was upset with you! And I tried to tell you I was upset and then... This is all getting stupid. Cos you're only hearing what you wanna hear. No, I'm not. This is what we row about. No, exactly, we row like this cos we're the same person on things like this. It's really simple, otherwise we're gonna round in circles. Do you, or do you not, wanna sort this out, and do you want us to speak? I do wanna be friends, I wanna be civil. Let's be friends, then. I don't wanna not. No, no, no... there's a difference. ..to have all this weirdness. Civil, or you wanna be friends... Cos I have missed ya. I wanna be friends, but I don't wanna go through this again. OK. OK. # I don't hate you... # # I just hate all the hurt That you've put me through. # # The only way is up. # 'Hallucinate' by Dua Lipa Taking a deep inhale through the nose. Exhale. Shit! Was I supposed to pay in that car park? I'm so excited to watch this film. "Her cheeks were bright red from the oven, "her hair had frizzled up from the vapour." Saff, reading at the dinner table, it's the height of ignorance. Yeah, very bad manners, Saff. I'm so engrossed into this book, it's like escaping me from reality. Who do you have to be to get a membership to the book club, like, I mean, I ain't gonna lie, as you all know, you know me very well, I'm not the biggest of readers. Well, back in the day, I was. I used to love a Roald Dahl. Yeah. Then I kind of progressed with age, on to, like, more serious stuff, like, er, Goosebumps. Goosebumps? Yeah. I've never heard of it. Oh, yeah, crackin' read. And er, and then I kind of lost my way with it a little bit. Well, if you wanna find your way, I'm sure you'll get invited. Oh, maybe put in a... put in a good word for me. Do you think anyone would be into the old sci-fi or do you reckon I'll be on my own? Forget it. Forget it. Oh... right, well. Sci-fi? He loves it. But different horses for different courses. That's what makes the world go round, ultimately, Opposites attract. Completely that. The ying to my yang. Yeah. Yang to my ying. Sweet to my sour. Korma to my rice. Yeah, she gets the message now, babe. Yeah, I get it. She ain't stupid, the girl. This has literally been so nice. I've definitely needed this after today. Oh, my God, paintballing. It was awful. Awful. Who does that for fun? It's painful! I've literally got bruises everywhere. I know, same. Anyway, I know that we were, like, laughing and joking earlier today about your quarter-life crisis, but are you actually OK, or are you stressed about it? Do you know what it is? To me... ..it is scary. The years are going by so quickly and everyone's paths are going in different directions. My friends mean the absolute world to me and I love spending my time with my friends, and I just feel, like, obviously now, you're with George a lot more, the time we spend together is very short. Yeah. I am with George a lot now and I know that that... not upsets you, cos I know you're happy for me, but I know that, obviously, that like cuts away at the time that we spend together. I do worry about talking to you about, like, buying a house and doing all this really boring adult stuff, because I know that you're not there yet and you, you know... and then I don't want you to feel pressured to be there yet, just because I'm doing it. Yeah, but you know that I'm so happy for you, and I know that you are at that stage in your life where you would be like looking to move in with your boyfriends and I'm just... I'm not at that stage yet. I love being at home, like, I love being with my mum. I know it's so sad that I'm 25 years old and I love being with my mum and dad. I wouldn't want to lose you, and I still wanna, like, see you a lot and... Yeah, but you're not gonna lose me. We are probably gonna, like, divert a little bit and, like, create our own little lives for ourselves, but we'll still, like, come back together. Maybe I've neglected you a little bit. You have, it makes me sad. Oh, no. It actually really makes me sad. Like, when you don't reply to me, like, after five o'clock, I literally, like. almost cry... I know... ..and Callum thinks I'm crazy. I'm like, but you don't understand mine and Chloe's relationship, like, I'm obsessed with the girl. I know it probably feels like we're even more distant right now because we can't, like, cuddle and hold hands like we always do, we're constantly touching, but I promise I'm, like... I'm holding your hand in here. I literally love you. # But you're not losing me... # Wow, what a lovely story, Monk. Do you think that's normal? What, the book or...? That. Reading to the dog. I think it's a good story. That's what he thinks of it, look. You've just bored the life out of him. Did you serious...? Who's at the door? Are you expecting someone? Oh, yeah, do you wanna go open it? What you doing, Monkoss? Quickly, go and see Mummy. Ah, hello. Hello. Hi, Monkey. Hello! Just give me one sniff and rocked off like that, how rude. He's gone... he's gone for a drink. Oh, how are we? I've been reading to Monkey, ain't I? Come on, Monk. Reading? Yeah. Sitting there reading a book. Hello! She's sitting there reading the book to the dog. He's fumin'. Did you read the book like this? Come on, then! Right, listen, you can do my homework for me or whatever it is, and you read my part. Yeah? Yeah, and I'm gonna go back to work. Oh, God. It's really hot, innit? I thought it was cold out, why am I in this? What have you been doing? I've been training earlier, and then, as I was leaving training, I walked straight into Mr Peter Wicks. No. Yeah. And? The gist of it was, is that he said, um, that he's sorry. He apologised. Wow. Yeah. I weren't expecting that at all. He wants to go back to normal, basically, and he asked me whether we can, and he was a bit abrupt, he was a bit, like, it's a yes or no question, and it's so hard, George, cos it's Pete. Like, I've worked hard for six months, mentally, to change how I feel towards him, trying to push all the feelings down and not have nice feelings towards him, but then when he's right there in front of me, smiling, like, it's really difficult, cos he's so familiar to me. Like, I could easily just bounce back and go, "All right, then." But there's a part of me that just feels like... I, as much as I love him and it's Pete and it's still him, there's... I just feel like I don't trust him now. # Cos life without you Ain't right without you... # Thank you very much. Can I get a pack of nuts, as well, please? Oh, here he is. Hello, mate, you all right? Nice of you to turn up, fella. Ah. Got me a beer, lovely. Where you been? I've had a long day, mate. I've been dog-walking. But, um... Yeah? It kind of got a bit ruined. Well, not ruined. OK. You slip in shit? No, I bumped into Chloe. You what? Bumped into Chloe. OK, and how was that? Fucking awkward. Really awkward. But... ..she was smiling. Yeah, of course, she misses you, doesn't she? She's... She loves ya. You're still pals, you might sit there and both be stubborn and that, but she misses you like you miss her. I know Chloe, she would never have anyone say a bad word about ya and vice versa, you know, so as much as you both fell out, you had a bit of a lover's tiff. Not a lover's tiff, but like... like a friendship tiff. You both miss each other. Do you know, I've said to other people, cos everyone's kind of been asking me, like, have I missed her and all that sort of shit, and I've said, "Yeah, I have," cos I did, but I don't think anyone's really asked her. Yeah. They've just said, "Oh, have you spoke to Pete?" and she's gone, "No, he ain't spoke to me", and no-one's actually... so I still didn't know whether or not she actually wanted to talk to me. So do you reckon yous two will... get back to how you was before? As far as I'm concerned, I'll just drop her a message and I don't know, go out, and it should just be normal. I think the first meeting after a... an argument, you know, is always... is always the toughest. I think... you won't even be able to tell until me and her actually go out and do something. Basically, the moral of the story is you are a shit mate. So I do under... I do sort of sympathise where she's coming from. I've been sitting here on me own. It's only cos I'm very thick-skinned that I... When you go off the ball and you, like, kick me to the side for other fellas or other... other women. Do you know something, I just wear it, because I'm very thick skinned, and I, listen... Yeah, that's it, it's off me chest now. Oh, do you feel better now, do ya? Yeah, cheers. Come on, anyway, it's your round. Get 'em in. 'Blinding Lights' by The Weeknd I feel like I need something a lot stronger than a yoga session. I don't wanna do yoga. I'm bloody fumin'. I don't wanna be doing it. Right, come on, tell us why you're fuming. I've heard that, obviously, Olivia spoke about me, which, obviously, then... So, who... who started the name-calling first? Liv? Olivia. Why would I talk about someone who's... like, significantly older than me and have nothing to do with my life, why would I? I do find it a bit strange, I feel like, you don't see me and Yaz running around calling Ella names, so why does Liv feel the need? It's not her argument. It's nothing to do with her. As if she's not got enough to worry about, like planning her fucking wedding, now she's getting involved in two 19-year-olds' drama. Get a fucking life, it's embarrassing. Like, I met up with Nicole and Clelia. They did go in a little bit, and, obviously, as you're my friend, I did try and diffuse it and shut it down straightaway, naturally, as I would. Thank you. I just, you know... Clelia, we don't get along, I'm not shocked by that. Nicole, every time I've met her, she's always been nothing but friendly, but at the end of the day, I wish that I had that much of an impact on somebody. She was absolutely fuming about something she's not involved with, and it actually fills me with a bit of joy because I think... Chloe. ..if I can affect someone that much that I barely see, wow. Like, that, it... Do you know what? Nicole's my best friend so I can't sit here and say anything... It just puts me in a bit of... You're not calling her names, which I do think's quite mature, cos you don't need to be going round calling people names, when really... I've got no names to call her. Her and her bunches have got an opinion, that's fine. I'm not bothered by it. Oh, God. That's not an insult, it's her opinion. That's name-calling, Chloe Brockett. No, it's an observation. That's fine, you can have an opinion but it's bizarre, in my eyes, to have that much opinion on something or someone that you barely know. That's all I'm saying. I don't have an opinion on her, Yaz, I don't know her. Yeah. If she wanted to dig me out, she should have really dug me out to her opinionated troll friend, Olivia, but she didn't, she dug her out to you. Chloe, I've just praised you for not calling people names, so you go and call people names. I'm sorry. Jesus Christ, be the bigger person. It's hard to be the bigger person when she's six foot five, but I'm gonna try! OK. I will try. # Huh, how you like that? # This is so nice, to have a drink with you girls. I feel like I am really out of the loop at the minute. Well, it's your life now, as much as we miss you, we get it, that you're up there, you know. It's like grown-up life, isn't it? I'm engaged to Brad, we live in Manchester, we have no choice about where we live cos of football, and I feel like I'm almost being a little bit immature, I keep running down here cos I wanna hang out with my friends and my family and it's like... I go missing for days at a time. I'm gonna get back one day and he's got a new fiancee moved in. I do need to, I think. How does he feel about it, that you're up and down a lot? He's very relaxed, but he's always supported everything I do, so I wanna make sure I'm giving him that same level of support back. You're a wifey now. Also, Liv, can I just say, I'm loving your outfit. She's even got the hair braids, like... I'm just such an old hag, I'm trying to relive my youth. I just wanna be down with the kids. I mean, the kids these days. What's she wearing, Brockett, a wig? I think that wig's cutting the circulation off to her head that she thinks she can go round talking about me like that. Her elder. All of her friends are the same age, so what's she talking about? We're all old, then. Her best friend is her mum, who's double the age what I am. She's insulted everyone. She's a very, very lost young girl who clearly hasn't found her way. Her friends aren't really guiding her in the best way either. I've seen her do so many shady things. Like, her card's marked. She is what she is. She's got a lot of growing up to do. Like, she just talked herself out of an invite to my 60th anyway. # The only way is up. # Nan, ain't it nice, being able to be together again? Oh, yeah, I really miss the family. I thought we weren't gonna be able to see you for a long time, you know, Nan. Hey, are you free tonight? I've got this huge surprise for Courtney and I really, really need your help. Ah, amazing, I owe you. Babe! 'Cheers, girls.' Cheers. Surprise, girls. Oh, my God. Whoo-hoo! How are we all? Yeah, good. I've made myself at home, I've actually brought my own Prosecco glass, cos I'm just that little bit extra. Did you? Can't keep a good girl down, can ya? Oi, how comes we all look like drowned rats and you're bone dry? I've done this before, ain't I? He's a little water baby, isn't he? Bruv, what you talking about? You was in there splashing around like you've never been in water. Loving life. Stole my board. I did. Liberty. He kicked me off it. Lost me glasses. Did you see him fall in? Oi, it's actually nice to be round the boys for once, yeah. Do you know what Georgia had me doing yesterday? What? Book club... with Amy Childs. What books did you read? Why are you laughing? What was you reading, Spot the Dog? It was a book about someone who has been single for a year, and, um, basically went on a... went away and cheated on their missus or something. Is it written by Dan? Where is the little pirate anyway? What do you mean little? We're doing water, where's Pete? What, are you tall? I'm taller than him. Mate, he's sort of lost his head, all this Chloe... this Chloe beef that's going on, you know. So I see him yesterday, he said that he'd bumped into her. Um, a little bit frosty. Didn't he apologise to her? I think they've smoothed things over. It's the first step in the right direction. At least they did actually make up. He got a lot further than me, do you know what I mean? So are you still getting married this year? So, we were gonna get married this month, originally... Oh. ..but we've had to just cancel our whole wedding. They said we could still go ahead with it, but we can only have ten people at our wedding. No. No. And I was just like, I'm not that type of person, like, just to have ten people at my wedding, I'll need like a big photoshoot, I need thousands of people there. It'll be bigger and better next year, won't it? Yeah, definitely. Yeah, so, George, basically, for Harry's wedding, me and Amy are both Maids of Honours. Yeah. Harry. So, are you not happy about this? So, how's this gonna work out, like are me and you... are we gonna have to organise everything together or separately? Right, George, just so you know, right, listen, me and Demi are Maid of Honours, lovely, happy, can't wait for it, BUT me and Harry are like best friends. We're cousins. I need to be Head Maid of Honour, I think so. I'm not putting you out, Dem, I'm not. Amy. I literally, I can't do that. I know you are Harry's cousin, but I am the one that set them up. Yeah, but I've known Harry for 26 years. I think, honestly, you've both just gotta work together for it. Who's choosing the outfits? Me. Right, well, me and Dean, we're not wearing white. Ooh. What are you wearing? We're not wearing white. We might wear either a minty colour or a pale, like, blue. Yeah. Nice. So all our Maid of Honours and all our bridesmaids will all be in white. You said to me, I'm gonna be in white, you said. Everyone's gonna be in white, all the bridesmaids. All the bridesmaids. And you said Demi could be in pink! No, I'm gonna come in white. If you only wear white, you'll look like the bride. Yeah, but I've never got married before, this is my time to shine. I might not get married. Girls, you've both gotta be exactly equal. May the best Maid of Honour win. Oh, this is beautiful. It's lovely. Couldn't have come at a better time. Nan, you're looking really glam. I hope I'm as glam as you when I'm your age. Aww. Just look after yourself, number one. Nan, was you doing your glam in lockdown? Yeah. What, every day? Yeah. What, was you wearing a full face of makeup in the house, be serious? Yeah. Yeah. Thought I've just gotta do this, you know. Yeah. Keeps you sane. Yeah. Well, at least in lockdown, I didn't have to speak to people like Chloe Brockett, she's been getting herself all involved again. I appreciate her empathy. Making me out to be a victim, but, um, I would appreciate it more if she would just stop being so concerned about my relationship. Although I'm not defending her, she's very young, and being rejected by anyone, regardless of how long... She only went on a few dates with him, but in her head, she might have thought that was more than what it was. At the end of the day, I've got what she wants, she can't feel that sorry for me. Yeah, you just raise above it. You're a nice person, don't bring yourself down to her level. Nan, honestly, I need you just on my shoulder. You see Pete yesterday, didn't ya? Did you, Chlo? Yeah. Nanny's got a soft spot for Pete. He's down to Earth. Says what it is. Like you, you say what it is. He... He apologised. Did he? Yeah, but I go off of actions. Like, words don't mean anything to me, cos in my life, I've met so many people that have made promises, but then they can't back it up with their actions. He text me, so we're gonna meet up and, like, have a little drink. Do you know what, I'm just gonna go there with an open mind and see what happens. I'm just gonna react to him, that's all I can do. Yeah. I'm quite sure you'll sort it out, Chlo. Hopefully, Nan, otherwise, do you know what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna set you on him. Dearly beloved. Dearly beloved. - How deep do I wanna go? - Dearly beloved. Dearly... Dearly beloved. Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today. Diags. Are we ready? I'm ready. Are you ready? I think so. Do you think this is too much? I don't know if you've done enough. Really? Yeah. I don't know. Is there enough flowers? That's what I'm worried about. Don't say that. Just relax. OK. Stay calm. Dearly beloved. Gatsby! There we go. Finally. What's happening? Where have you been? I had to stop off at the florist. I got Chloe some flowers. Oh, for me? Just to say sorry... Oh, thank you so much! ..about hurting you with the paintball. That is actually so nice, thank you so much. I forgive you now. Gats, Gats, Gats. Come round here, stand there, yeah, stand there. You're a witness. Yeah. OK, here we go. OK. Oh, my God. OK, you need to put the flowers on. Wow. I'm so confused. I know you've been down and worried that we've been drifting apart, so I thought I'd go to a small effort and put together a friendship ceremony, to prove to you that we are always gonna be friends. I'm literally shaking, this is just so nice. Dearly beloved, and Gatsby. We are gathered here today to celebrate the friendship of Chloe and Courtney. With love and commitment... ..they have decided to live their lives together, as best friends. Chloe, you have your vows? I know you've been down recently about getting older and you're worried we're growing apart and on different paths. We've had many obstacles that have tried to get in the way, but through all of this, we've always had each other to rely on. You are my sense of home, you're more than a best friend to me, you are my soul sister. Thank you for always catching me when I fall. I promise, no matter where our paths lead us, I will always find my way back to you. Oh, I'm getting really emotional. That was absolutely beautiful. That was wonderful. Chloe, like, you are literally, like, the love of my life. You are like a sister to me and I'm so blessed that you're in my life and I never, ever, ever want anything to come between us because you literally mean the world to me. I'm crying. By the power vested in me... Not legally, but whatever. ..I now pronounce you... best friends forever. # The only way is up. # 'Do You Remember?' By Jarryd Jones # Do you remember # The way it made you feel? # All right, Pete? Hello, love, you all right? Yeah, you? Yeah, good. I got you a Peace Offering Porn Star. Oh, that's really nice of you, thank you. It's my favourite. You still got your bracelets on? Both of them, both of the ones you bought me. Did you keep them on when we weren't talking? I've never taken them off since you give 'em to me. Because you forgot or because you love them so much? No, because they mean something. Well, look, I'm really glad that we broke the ice, cos, obviously, we was having a bit of a stand-off. Yeah. The thing is, Pete. Go on. Like, this is the thing - I'm gonna be straight up with ya. When are you ever not? So, you're Pete... Thank you, yes. ..when I see you, I just, you know, it's just you, isn't it, and it's familiar, and... all of the things that I'm pissed off about kind of, like, go away, but in reality, you did piss me off. Yeah. And... like, as much as I want us to go back to normal, which I genuinely do, but... "But." I knew there was gonna be a but, I fucking knew it. I just don't want you to do it again. You know when you said about us, like we do this and then we get back to normal, we row and then we make up, I just don't wanna do the rowing bit anymore. No, I don't wanna do the rowing bit. I never wanted to do the rowing bit with ya, I've never wanted to row with you any of the times that we have done. I dunno, maybe we've got so close that you didn't even realise you was doing it, but it felt like you treated me different from how you used to and how you do other people, so, like, I just kind of kept getting batted off a little bit. I dunno. Do you know what I'm trying to say? I think... Do you know what, that's probably fair, cos I'm probably... I treat the people closest to me worse out of everyone. You know what I mean, I've always done that, and you know that anyway... I do, yeah. ..and I think... But you just never done it to me. You know, like, I was thinking, "Oh, right, he's not taking me serious at all, "he doesn't give a shit that I'm sitting here upset, "he's just gonna go about his business and get on with it." I didn't take it seriously and I'm wrong for that. You said you wanted to talk to me in this whole period. Every day. Then why didn't you, Chlo? I just couldn't. One voice was going, "Just do it," and then the other was like, "Yeah, but he doesn't care about you, "he's not reached out to you, he doesn't give a shit," and then the more days and weeks that went by, the more I started thinking, "Actually, he is a prick." If someone had sent you the message that you sent me, would you be jumping at the chance to fucking call them? Because you did something wrong. You're forgetting about the real problem. Right, no, hold on, I'm not. You're forgetting the problem. No. No. No. Listen. I'm being deadly serious. No, no, no. Don't bring that up because, like, it really makes me switch. # You are not deserving # You are not deserving... # Thank you. Oh, it's Liv. All right, babes. Hello, darling. Full set here. Two metres, chin chin. Chin chin, social distance. I'll come chat to yous in a bit. I can't believe we're here again. Yeah, two secs, I'm just finishing this line. Saff, it's rude, honestly. We've gone for an Indian, the book's out, we've come for a drink and the book's out. I might as well be at home with Matt watching Star Trek. I've seen you read it so much, I even feel I know what it's about. I'm engrossed in it. I tell you what, I wish Yaz and Brockett would hurry up. Come here on my jack. I love this, this is my best kind of night, us three in a pub garden. Little bit of two-metre cheersing. Oh, that... Oh, that was... Whoa, it was a bit close. That was a bit close. Oh, here they are, Brockett and Yaz. Cos I want you... Hello. Look out. What's going on? Why are they stopping? Yaz, you look beautiful, babe. Thank you, so do you. 'Ere, Bob. Oh, you're putting the book down now, are you? Course you are. I'm glad that we've bumped into each other because, obviously, Clelia, you haven't said much about me, but, Nicole and Olivia, you both have. Of course. I have. Yeah, so I just wanted to know why. So, obviously I said some things about you the other day, you know, they weren't to you, they was about you, I said, obviously, that you was vile and I thought you was poisonous. I've seen the way you've treated my friend, Clelia, at the end of last year. You went at her like a Jack Russell for no reason. I've also heard the things you've said about Ella. You know, she's like a little sister to me, so I've just said my thing. Then, obviously, you've then said your things about me... Yeah. ..that's fine, and I think, to be honest, it's a hard one for me, cos I do feel a bit sad for you, cos you haven't got any friends your own age. You're hanging round girls who are a lot older than you, and you're angry. I dunno why you're so angry, but you are, and the thing is, I thought the other day, "Maybe... Was what I said a little bit too harsh?" Rah-rah, but the way you've conducted yourself, no, I was bang on. All I think is, when you go around calling me a poisonous, little creature, you don't know me. I do know you. I know loads about you, I've seen the way you've treated my friend. I've seen the way you treated mine. The way you started on Courtney and Chloe, did I react? They weren't your friends then. Can I ask a question? Your mum, Clare. Yeah. What does she pay them an hour to babysit you? Cos I actually wanna get involved. The thing is, though, Chlo, listen, I don't know you, and I would like to see an opinion on you which is actually nice. OK. But you go around being very personal to my friends. She said the same things about me, she called me a poisonous, little creature. Am I not allowed an opinion? I've not talked about your looks ever, ever. Never. Well, you called me a creature. You called me a creature, what does that mean? What does that mean? Let's not get it like this. What hurts me is... I love all of you girls, and the hard thing is, is I've seen sides to Chloe where she is a lovely girl, and when I have been going through my own personal rubbish last year, she was a very good friend to me. With me, I see a lot of myself in her from when I was younger, but you learn from it and be like, "Come on, what I've said is wrong." You can have an argument without talking about peoples age or appearance, and you've lost the argument... You've already spoke about my age. You said, "Are your friends baby-sitting you?" speaking about my age. You started it. What does that mean, does that mean I'm younger? Does that mean I'm younger? You said I look like a creature. You do realise you're gonna grow up one day, right, and be our age. Clelia, I literally forgot about you, I literally... I don't know why you're piping up. Why are you piping up?! Oh, it's getting savage. I personally think no-one knew the situation. You've all heard Ella's side of the story, which is fine, you don't even need to hear my side of the story because I don't care about your opinions, but all I'm saying is, when I say something back about yous, it's all of a sudden, "Oh, you get too personal." You're so in this own bubble of being a young, stupid girl that you're like, "Do you know what, I ain't wrong, I ain't sorry." Why would I prove myself to you when you're slagging me off? Chloe, I've been in your shoes! Look at it and say, "Do you know what? I've done wrong." But why are you so bothered?! Because that's my best mate. Why do you care so much?! Listen, have some respect for yourself. I would never have just randomly said, "I think Liv's an old, lanky troll," out of nowhere, I said it because you said those things about me, so I just don't know what you expected. I don't understand it. But, darling, I said what I said, I stand by it. I do think you're poisonous. Yeah. The way you treat people, the way you speak about people. Your mouth, it don't stop. At least I've got age on my side, I'm old and bitter, but you're 16 and bitter. That's weird. It's embarrassing. That is fucking weird. Do you not find it really embarrassing? Yeah, but, Chloe... What's embarrassing... you're, like, you come here with, like, Victoria Beckham's wig on, trying to give us, like, this fucking shit. I think that you've really embarrassed yourself. You should really be planning on having kids instead of starting on children, I'm embarrassed for you, it's muggy. This is muggy, let's go. It's embarrassing. Woof, woof. OK, then, don't start on a child, go and plan your wedding. It's muggy, go away. Your wedding, you'll never get married cos no-one likes you. This is the point, no matter what you do, or whatever goes on between me and you, I've never once said to you I wouldn't be there, I've never once told you I didn't want you in my life, not once. Not one thing, ever. I haven't fucked you over, though. Chlo. I ain't, though, have I? Let's have it right. This is getting on my nerves. It's getting on MY nerves. D'you know what, the point of this is fuck it, right? No, not fuck it. No. Not fuck it. No, listen to me. Fuck it, I made a mistake and I'm sorry for that. I'm sorry. But do you still think that you wasn't wrong? I'm not saying that I wasn't wrong, I was wrong for the fact that I didn't take it fucking seriously and I didn't listen to ya, and I genuinely am sorry for that. I should have done. I genuinely didn't think it was as deep as what it obviously was, and that's because I didn't listen, and that's my fault. I'm gutted that I haven't had you in my life for the last... however long it's been, and I would really like us to be... ..Pete and Chloe again. 'Favourite Part Of Me' by Astrid S That's why I messaged you saying, "Listen, I've got a big Chloe-shaped hole in my life." I mean, I have really missed you. It's been tough. # Don't have to say it Look at my face # And you know exactly What I mean... # Really tough. Listen, you know better than anyone and you know... I do love ya and I've always loved ya, so... ..I'm glad you're back. Thank you. Are you glad I'm back? I am, but the face, it's just, like, it's still annoying. I do think there's... there's things that we need to work on. I think we should do some sort of, like, couples therapy. Oh, I would absolutely love that. Cos they'd totally see where I'm coming from. Are you winding me up? They'll see through you with your little charming face. You're done, mate. I can't wait, when we going? Lovely. Aw, I do love you. # And that's how I know My favourite part of me # Is you. # You can do it, you can do it. Describe it. What you said was so personal. I've not sat there and called you terrible words. I'm having a bit of a dilemma in my mind of, like, where my priorities are. I've got my fiance in Manchester... I feel like I'm just here, there and everywhere and it's... no-one's winning. There was no flirting on my behalf. I can't believe you're even sitting there asking me if I done that. He's good to me, I ain't insecure and he don't control me, so don't fucking put words into my relationship. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 