The Only Way Is Essex: Season 26, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Only Way Is Essex 
 s26e2 - Episode #26.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Only Way Is Essex (2010–…): Season 26, Episode 2 - Episode #26.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Polly! I feel like I just wanna hug you, but I can't. You're too far away from me. Come on, you know you love me. Let's forget everything that he's done, I've done, and start a clean slate. Do you feel that it's time that you moved down? Let's do it. I love you. Love you. And she was like, "What do you even see in Frankie? "She's slept with loads of men." But she didn't even say that. What you on about?! She didn't say that though. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Swear to God, Harry, don't wind me up! She said, "She's been with more people than you think." Chloe, you slept with my ex. She's a vile little creature. I've admitted I did it. You wasn't together, I've done nothing wrong. Me and Pete stopped speaking, we had, like, a falling out. Do I want it to be saved, like, the friendship? Yeah, course I do. Do I think it can be saved? No. Well, this is very nice, girls. Oh, it's so nice, thank you. Cheers. Cheers. So lovely to see you all. Do you want a croissant? But I'm not gonna be able to reach it, ever. Just whack it, just... Wait. Just be care... Like, catch it. Yeah, go on, then. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Ow! Oh, my God. I'm sorry. You didn't catch it. That was ridiculously hard. Watch this, watch this, watch this. Go on, do some tricks, Diags. Go on. Oi! Oi, Mallet. No don't kick it over here, allow it, man. Easy. Jeez. Argh, my heartburn. Chlo, how nice have I done this? I mean, I feel like it's my birthday. Oh, my God, Ella, how hot is it? I feel like I'm in Marbella. Well, kind of. Sort of. All right? Joe, I'm loving the hair. It's literally giving me a migraine, but... I love it. ..I'm glad you love it. It's worth it. If I faint, I faint. We'll cross that bridge when we come to it, but... How was the Palooza? Oh, don't. It was so awkward. What? Ella's told Tom that, um, I've slept with her ex-boyfriend. Right. Which is sort... It's true. But the way she's phrasing it isn't exactly right. She's making it out, like, you know, I just went out on a night out, had a one night stand. That's not a bit of me... Gotta hurt. ..I know that's a bit of her, but that's not a bit of me. The thing is... Yeah. ..I can see that she would be hurt. Yeah, I can, and the thing is as well, I don't like her, I'm never gonna like her, but I can see that she'd be hurt. Granted, Harry wasn't exactly an ex of mine, but he was someone I was dating and she was still texting him. She was still happy to stick it on him while he was with Frankie, so why does that make you any different to what I've done? Come on, like, why are you making out like I'm the devil just because I bloody went with him after you? But what I will say, is everybody's got an ex, like.. I know. ..everybody is an ex, and everybody's had an ex. And the thing is, it's Essex, it lives up to its name, it's got "sex" in it and it's got "ex" in it. You can't get away from it. It's, like, it's gonna happen. ..the wordplay. You know? But her talking about me to people is making other people think a certain way about me, so I've had Olivia call me a poisonous little creature. Sorry, but you don't even know me, and in my opinion, you're an old, lanky troll who should really be Pinterest-ing her wedding instead of slagging off a 19 year old. It's embarrassing. And if you've got something to say, say it to me. The thing... Like, I love Olivia and she sometimes says things in the moment. I can't say for sure whether she meant what she said... Yeah. I don't think she actually thinks you're poisonous. She shouldn't say it, then. I know. But I've let it go twice now, cos she's made opinions of me before and then gone, "But it was my opinion on the moment." Maybe it's about time you gave yours. Yeah, my opinion on her is she's the most vile thing I've ever seen in my life. She doesn't know you to be... She doesn't know me! ..calling you names. She's disgusting! It's fine that she makes rash and impulsive comments about people... But everyone does. ..just don't about me. Just don't do it about me, then, cos I think you're an old, lanky troll. How you feeling after that? It's hard. I imagine, on a normal day, it's quite fun, but... it's not great on a hangover, is it? Mm. Well, whose fault's that? Thing is, yeah, we was all out last night. I think there's a few more sorer heads than me. Lockie's in a bad way. Diags not in a good way. How do you think about all this Yaz and Lockie stuff? One minute, I feel quite positive, they're gonna get back together and it's all gonna be good, but then I... The other part of me just thinks, like... lots of little changes needing made. There's a lot of work to do. Yeah, it's a bit like... You've realised that if you go out and I ring you and I message you, you always reply to me and you'll always answer my calls. I've learnt, when you do stick to the guidelines... it's a lot more straightforward. D'you know what I mean? Good at sticking to guidelines now, aren't you? It's took, what, three years maybe? Obviously, when they go out, they have the same issues we've had in the past, d'you know what I'm saying, like? When you don't answer your phone, then I wanna kill ya. Maybe we need, like, some sort of reminders. He needs a Yaz alarm. Yeah. Every couple of hours, it goes off in his pocket, so when he's drunk and he's out his alarm goes off, he's like, "Oh, ring Yaz." Oh, what, so what difference is an alarm when I... when we ring and you don't answer? That is true. That is true. Feel like you boys need to go romance school. They keep saying things have changed. Pff, I dunno. Have they? They've split up, they've both seen other people. Mm. They both know that. They're quite jealous people, so... A girl can't even look at Lockie, and vice versa. That's what I'm saying, so when it comes down to it, are they gonna be able to let that go? Oh, what?! Pete, you can play football as well, yeah? Nothing near me. Ooh! Not near me. Oi, what a game we played. You look as fit as a fiddle, mate Have it. you look sick, mate. You know about that. Yeah. Skinny and disgusting as ever. How, how... how old does he look? Look. Come on, what? What? No, mate, you look great. Yes, I'm fat. Still. Ten years later, still going. I ain't seen you for, like, months. Been all right? Yeah, all right. Have you made up with Chloe or anything? No, we've not spoke. Last thing she said to me was, "I don't want you in my life, I don't wanna speak to you." Me and her have had such, like, an intense relationship for so many years, like, as mates and whatever else. So I think all this, like, lockdown stuff does put things into perspective, and I think it's given everyone a chance to re-evaluate their lives a little bit. 100%. Like, I've missed her. Hopefully, I haven't got any bad blood really with anyone, d'you know what I mean? Yeah. I was a little bit angry about what she'd said to me, so I thought, how can she say she don't want me in her life? Do you know what I mean? Like, no matter how... Whatever we rowed about before, she's never said anything like that. Who's that? Oi, who's that, Drake?! I've got this, I've got this, I've got this. Get in! Yes. Boy, I've missed you boys so much, man. Yes, Gat! What's happening?! Come on. You look good, man. Mate, you look really well. Thanks, bro. You've lost some timber. What you've lost, he's found. Look how well he looks! He looks like something out of Miami Vice. Look at him. I was in lockdown in Cali. Yeah, five months. You look good. You look really well. I feel good, man, it's all good. Just at home doing sit ups and that? To be honest, like, at the beginning of lockdown, I thought, you know what? I was obviously in a bit of a rut and I thought, I need to train. Stopped drinking. It's nice that you took that seriously and took that time to work on yourself. Listen, as much as I love America, I've actually had enough of hotdogs in quarantine. So right now, I need to do something proper, proper British. Pub. Wahey! Let's go have a beer, then. Come on, then. We're gonna have a nice proper pub lunch. Right, cool. I'll see you there, yeah? See you there. What you getting the bus? I'll see you later. I'll have to run now. I've gotta to lose some weight. I'll see you later. Bus! Enjoy the bus. Know what, though? It's so nice, like, me not having the kids today. So nice having the girls round. It does get so full on. Yeah, you gotta have a little break, ain't ya? It's really nice, and I think, like, you need to have that. Ame, I think you're giving me a run for my money. What? Cos I've been, like, the garden party queen. Just realised, you've got an actual bar and I haven't got that. Ah, hon. Dem, we need to build a bar. I know. Talking of parties, I'm actually organising Gatsby an out of quarantine party. Aw, cute. Oh, he'll love that. He ain't seen no-one, has he? He's gonna be so gassed. I know. Can you imagine? Oh, Chlo, missing little Frankie being here as well, three sisters. I know, where is she? Yeah. I actually don't know, but I didn't bloody tell you about the other night. Her and Harry had, like, a massive boot off about, like, the Chloe Brockett thing. So I don't know what's going on between them. If you're gonna cause trouble between two girls, then at least back that shit up... Yeah. ..and then stand by her side and go "D'you know what..." Yeah. "..I've told you, I'm in this with ya." The only thing that can happen there is either he's lied, or he's protecting Chloe, for some kind of reason. They look so happy, though, when I see them together. Yeah. Yeah. I do think they're right for each other. I just think they've got a few things to work on. So, yeah, I hope it works out for them. They've just gotta get over this hurdle, I suppose. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. I know it seems like I'm arguing with everyone, but there's actually one person I do... Not feel a bit sorry for, but I do sort of understand the position she's in, and it's Frankie. Yeah. She basically thought that I'd been completely slagging her off, saying about all these people she's slept with, and I don't... How do I know who she's been with? I don't really feel sorry for her. I do. I don't. Cos that's her boyfriend, and it's quite obvious that Harry's actually lied to her because he said that I pulled up a photo of Frankie and said, "Why are you with her?" When did this...? I know when it happened. When did this apparently happen? When she was on holiday, we was both at an event together, but Harry was the one who was all on me. Because he'd come over to me and was all over me, saying how he missed me, how he thinks about when we went to Brighton, and how he can't listen to a song that we used to listen to without thinking of me. What was the song? Whole Again by Atomic Kitten. Why has he made up such an elaborate story? Cos he's in the wrong. Why would he do that? What's he got to gain from doing that? I don't know. I just feel like, you know, obviously, he gets himself in situations, he says stupid things and then he lies to try and get himself out of it. And she's never gonna fulfil her full potential and be happy as long as they're together. That's the truth, she's not... Because he... he makes her insecure, it's quite clear that he's manipulating her. He's crazy! This is so cute. Don't say I don't treat you, please. I mean, is this lunch or brunch, or...? It's a bit of everything. Lunch, dinner, snacks. It's all in one. Hi, girls. You OK? How are youse? I'm OK, you? Yeah, good thanks. Did you girls enjoy the Palooza? Yeah... Yeah. ..it was good. I mean, I had a good time. It weren't bad, you know. Probably not the best of places to be, do you know what I mean, really? So, what's going on? I think you know, don't you? I know what you've been saying and stuff with Chloe, and she has admitted it. Yeah. What I want you to know she actually didn't do it out of spite. To me, you don't do it. I don't condone stuff like that. But at the end of the day, you two have not been friends for a long time. That's exactly right. She doesn't have any loyalties to you. I'm not being funny. You can sit there and defend her as much as you want cos you are her mates, and you can do that, I get it, it's understandable. But if the shoe was on the other foot, how would youse actually feel? How would you feel? I just think it looks so bad, guys. Like, she shouldn't have done that. Like, imagine you guys falling out and then Courtney goes and does that to you. It is so wrong, girls, it is so wrong. I've seen the messages and she was messaging him. And he's told me already, the only reason why he done it is because I was seeing someone else and he felt sick. Everything I had seen, it was her messaging him, crying faces, "Why you not replying to me?" She's proved herself to me, proved that she's a cheap slag. Come on, Ella, that is really not... But it's true. ..it's not necess... Don't say it to her friends. It makes me feel really uncomfortable. If you're her friend, don't talk to me. If that's how you feel, then we won't say hello to you when we see you, won't be nice. Not hello. I'm confused on what you want. Shall we head off? Yeah. Shall we go? Right, girls have a lovely picnic, see you later. Bye. Thing is, I feel like she brings things up that's just not necessary. Sorry, but all these young lot, they play tit-for-tat, do this, they do that, try and hurt each other. She would do exactly the same. You know the one thing that got me through lockdown? What? The Crown. What's The Crown? What's The Crown? Based on the Royal Family. I missed home so much, it must have been I missed home, but honestly, I just feel so patriotic right now. Why do you connect it the Royal Family? Why does that make you feel homely? You have no life like the... Cos that's my Queen. It's my Queen. I never thought I would miss British food, man. You just enjoy your little pie and mash. Why are you eating such tiny bits, you little weirdo? My Beverley Hills dentist, he said, uh, I can't stain my teeth, like, I can't get it... What you staining your teeth with? The gravy, mate. Come, show us these gnashers, then. Bit down a bit... Jesus. You know what you call that? That's a Hollywood smile, mate. That's a Hollywood smile, son. Dare I say that Gatsby's back. Gatsby's back, baby, yeah! Gatsby's back! Listen, mate, you look a lot better than how I feel, trust me. I'm struggling, put it that way. And on top of that, you don't even realise what I've been through this morning. Was on one of them aqua-bounce things in the middle of a lake with Amber. Wait, did you not get any stick, then? Cos we was out... we was pretty messed up, and we was out quite late. Amber give you no stick at all, no? I actually got zero stick, mate, no. Throughout the night, every now and again, I'd reply to her. Yeah, you were shitting yourself. Speak to her. I'd ring her, "Hello!" "Hello, I'm fine." "I'm in a room on my own, just the boys, me and the boys." But number one, I got in before Lockie. That was a big, big bonus. I am completely out of the loop. Right, let's fill... You need to fill me in. Let's fill you in quickly. Yeah. Everything's changed. Right. Yaz has changed, Lockie's changed. Together, they work, they're perfect. Together again? Yeah, they work. What?! They're good together? Yeah, don't argue, don't row, don't shout at each other. Shut up! They're trying to convince us that they've changed. Jury's still out, to be honest. What about you? I've seen little hints. Have you got a new missus? Seeing someone. Nice. Seeing someone for a little bit. That's good, mate. Happy for you. What else is happening? What have I missed? Chloe and Pete ain't talking. Since January, apparently, Pete said. So, literally nothing's changed. Essex is still just full of drama. It's like groundhog day. Just goes round and round and round. Wouldn't change it for the world! But... apart from his dentist. Yeah. Apart from the dentist, cheers. Good to see you. Good to see ya. Good to see ya. All I've done today is go from one garden to the next. This is cute, George. D'you know what though, girls? What? You know I'm moving house? I know, this is so exciting. My new garden's even better! Oh, my God, you can imagine the garden party in there. Oh, she's gonna really come for me when she's got a new garden. Coming for everyone. It's bigger and it's got more bedrooms. Oh, look who it ain't. Oh, Tom. Hello, Tom. Hi, everyone. Brought the goodies. Such a good host. Why the fuck you got a lamp in the garden? Uh, why not? There ain't even a plug socket out here. Tell the truth. What a waste of... what a waste of time and energy. She's like... do you remember that programme, Mrs Buffet, when she has to keep up with everyone and outdo 'em? You're sitting next to her. Keeping up with the Joneses. Tired. On the table. Tired, mate. A bit of orange juice. Why are you tired? Been playing football. Pete got anything to say for himself? Go on, you feel like you wanna tell us stuff. I didn't know youse two weren't talking? Yeah, we don't talk. I didn't know it was left, like, "Oh, we ain't talking no more." But he misses ya and it's been a hard lockdown without ya. To hear you say that, like, obviously, like, I have had no idea for six months what on earth he thinks of the situation. Like, everyone knows we do fall out and then we make up, but in January, for me, he crossed a line. And when I pulled him on it, he just wasn't remorseful. I feel like the Pete that everyone else knows, you know, like, just he's respectful and he can't do enough, I feel like me and him were so tight in the end that he didn't treat me with that same respect as he did everybody else. And like, when I had an issue with something, it was pretty much dismissed. You know, like, it was just, "Oh, you're just being... you're just being this." Or, "Oh, you're just too clingy." Or... I felt like he was putting me down for being who I am. Like, if you don't like every part of me, then don't be my friend. It's very simple. I just know, like, as your friend, even if me and you did fall out and you went, "Don't talk to me again", and there was a world pandemic, which has never happened in my life, I would have messaged you and been like, "Are you all right?" I would just reach out anyway. Course you would. Even if you asked me for space, I'd let you get over, like, the angry stage or the upset stage, and then I would reach out to you, if I missed you that much, d'you know what I mean? Look, it doesn't matter. Regardless of him saying he missed me now or not, like, I wouldn't fall out with someone and tell them they can't be in my life unless I was genuinely, really upset. It isn't horrible to hear him say that to you. Like, obviously I'm happy to hear that, but he's just... I just don't know if it changes anything, anyway. It's nice to actually be out, just me and you, innit? Like, without Demi and Tom. Yeah, without the children. Yeah. I do feel a bit rough after last night. Oh, we went wild, girl. My hair's up. I've still probably got last night's eye colour on. I don't know how me and you are, like, awake, sitting here have a slush. Have you heard from Lockie today? Finally. Like, he's really apologetic, but it just bloody annoys me when he goes out and goes on the missing for 24 hours and no-one can get hold of him. We end up thinking he's in, like, a ditch or something. He just becomes a bit selfish when he's had a drink and he forgets, you know, "I should give Yazmin a call," or answer the phone, that's all it takes. And if he does the little things like that, it will just make you the happiest girl. I know. I need to, like, think of nice things that we can do. Yeah. Because I think if I don't plan something by the time it gets to the weekend, he wants to go out... Yeah. ..and he'll be out for a couple of days. And I just... I can't live like that. D'you know what, you just need to keep it fun, you need to keep him in. Not every weekend does he need to be going out. No girl likes that. I wouldn't like it if it was me. Maybe we could go, like... wine or cheese tasting, or something. I mean... All the posh people do. That is so cringe, Yaz. Something else. Why is that cringe? I like cheese and I like... he likes red wine. It's meant to be really nice. He'll kiss you with cheese breath. No-one likes that. Kissed me with worse. Cheers. Cheers, Lockie. Good to see you. Do you know what? Couple of months ago, I called you James. Why am I calling you Lockie all of a sudden? Why you calling me Lockie? I dunno, you tell me. What do you prefer me to call you? This is a new me now, I'm a changed man. So I'm gonna call you Lockie. You can call me James. What, so James is a new man? James is, uh... the new, mature Lockie. OK. I like your style. Like my style? Mm. You're good-looking, you're fun, you've got banter. You've got so much going for you. Steady on. Oh, no! I thought you had a fella? I've definitely got a fella. Listen, I've always got on with you, Lockie. I've got a lot of time for you as well. You've been busy, busy with Polly. I know. How's she? She good? She's good. So, listen, you did say you're gonna take me and Polly swimming. Listen, I am a very good swimmer. Right, so this is like me, you, Pete and Polly swimming. It's a date. It's not a date, this is... It's a swimming date. Hello, beautiful people. Here he is, better late than never. What's happening? Hello, my darling, you good? You look fabulous. So do you. So do YOU. Thank you. What's going on, then? How you feeling? Struggling. I've had hare of the dog. Mate, when you left me, you were pissed. Your fault I'm in the doghouse. How can you blame me for it. Why you in the doghouse? Basically, I went on the missing, didn't I? So... Well, I mean... When? So, I went out last night. Yaz was trying to get hold of me, but I got to the point where I was so battered, trying to keep up with Edgar, that, uh, yeah... When you've got a girlfriend, I don't think you should be doing this. No, listen. He hasn't got a girlfriend. We've not had that conversation yet. What time was you home? Um... that'd be telling. Why don't you buy her a nice present? Nice bit of dinner, petals all over the bed when you wake up, tell her how much you love her. Petals? Be romantic. I can just about function, let alone petals. I bought her a pizza! You need to be more romantic. Nice bit of dinner. "Come on, I'll take you nice bit of dinner. "I'm sorry what I've done." How does flowers make it better? Because it's lovely... What have I done that's that bad? You've been out all night, need to be helping your girlfriend. She knew I was going out all... OK, be a better boyfriend. Wrong terminology again. A good boyfriend. Be a better a boyfriend, Lockie. We haven't had that conversation. Look, thank you very much, but trust me, I've got this. I think I'm gonna get him a little present. I think I'm gonna get him a portable phone charger. Yeah, that's a good idea. There's no excuse. So then he can't say his battery dies all the time. The battery can't die. Cos we know it don't die it. You aeroplane mode it cos you don't wanna come home yet. Hi, girls. Look who it is. Sorry I'm late. That's all right. Where's Liv? Thought she was meant to be coming. Yeah, but she's had to go back up to Manchester. We'll see her soon. Just sucks that she can't be here tonight. It's a shame, really, isn't it? I was out with Ella earlier and I bumped into Courtney and Chloe Meadows. God, that's a shit show, right? When you're constantly arguing with your ex-best friend, then you go and sleep with this person she's still heartbroken over, that's spiteful. That's obviously why Chloe Brockett's done it, though. Yeah! She's just one of them people. she's got an attitude problem, just doesn't care. She's a young girl, and at 20 years old, I weren't doing the shit she was doing. She needs to grow up. Exactly what we said to Courtney. Dunno who she thinks she is. Starting to irritate me. Don't even wanna talk about this stupid little girl any more. She's just a spiteful girl and she needs to grow up. Right. Sick of hearing about her. No, Nicole. Right, listen. It's winding me up now. You're my best friend, but I've gotta say, she's not a spiteful girl, she's not a horrible girl. But that is spiteful. I do love her to bits. I think we do forget, I'm 26 years old, you're 28. We're a lot older than these girls. They're young girls and they are... they're making mistakes in life and we've all been there. As long as she maybe just says sorry, or just says something, that'll make her so much more respectable. Whatever the reason, if you've really upset someone, I just feel like maybe a sorry would go a long way, do you know what I mean? Yeah. What's happening? You all right? Hi. How are youse? Yeah, good, how are you? Yeah, really good, thank you. Just waiting for Ella, she's taking forever. It was nice to see youse the other day. Yeah, it was really nice. Feel like I ain't seen you in ages. I know. It's always the way though, innit? Hello, guys. Hello. Oh, hello. What's happening? You're finally here. I know. Arriving fashionably late. Oh. As always. How you been? Yeah, I'm all right. Youse? Yeah, good thank you. Yeah. Oh, good. I haven't really seen you since... dunno, Christmas now. Yeah, ages. It's been ages. Yeah. You've got loads going on at the minute, though, ain't you? Tell me about it. It definitely happened? 100%, it happened. I think, like, regardless if you ain't friends, and you have fell out, because of your history, it's just, you don't cross that line, do you? No, you don't do that. You don't go and sleep with, like, your old best mate's ex that she was with for, like, four years. And she said that they were seeing each other. Well, I rang him after and he told me that they weren't. And he was like, "No, Ell, I weren't dating her." So it obviously just proves that she's lying. I suppose you just gotta have that chat with her and see where she's coming from with it and... I'd like to be a fly on the wall with that one, to be honest with you. Yeah, but the thing is, I don't even know if I can believe anything that comes out of her mouth because she believes her own lies so much. If anything, her fake friends wanna be careful she don't do the same to them. I've experienced, like, this sort of thing from her as well. Exactly. I think everyone needs to be careful. That girl is so embarrassing. If she had anything about her, she's gotta own it, know what I mean? And apologise. She probably feels like she has to. I know an apology's never gonna get nowhere, you're gonna hate her, this, that, but she needs to sit down and go, "You know what, I'm sorry, I was wrong." Yeah. But she won't do that. I dunno, I just feel like she always wants what other people have got. Yeah. Cos she can't go out and get it herself. Welcome home, Gatsby! Hi, welcome to facial yoga. If you can't lift your eyebrows, this may be quite difficult. I can't lift my eyebrows. Come on then, mate, what do you reckon? Couple of these? What about cactus? "From one prick to another." What about these? Pink ones, can't go wrong with pink. If you're gonna go pink, go with the other pink. Made a decision yet? Lightest pink. I'm just gonna trust you. I'll get something together for you. No worries. Yeah, that just about sums it up - leave it to someone else. Mate, I don't know. I'm trying to be a little bit more romantic. Do you really think you did something wrong? I'm not gonna say I done something wrong as such, but we went out, got a little bit too drunk, everything went out the window. So, obviously you two ain't back together, but do you think doing this is gonna make her think that...? No, not at all, mate. It's just me saying sorry. Think you're doing a great job... Thank you. Listen. I'll take advice from you over a lot of things, mate... Not women. ..women is not one. That is a good point, yeah. Not being funny. I think you should be buying flowers as well for a certain young lady. Miss Chloe Sims. What? Why... why do I need to buy her flowers? Still haven't made up with her, have you? I'm not the one with the issue. And sometimes a man has gotta be a bit old school, you've gotta be an old romantic, and gotta, like... That's fine when it's your bird. Chloe's not my bird. But she's one of your best pals. I ain't being funny. It's gonna be awkward for everyone. Don't give a monkey's if it's awkward, to be honest. That's very selfish, Peter, not like you. What's happened, Peter? Don't shoot the messenger, mate. Are these all right for you? Saved. Thank you. That's all right. They are beautiful. No worries. You've done very well. Thank you. I done well. I mean, I picked them, I helped, didn't I? Did you wanna buy some? Saved his life. No, I'm fine thanks. Peter. This seems like a good idea. It is a good idea. Buy someone flowers. Tell you what, I'm sorry you told me to fuck off. Yes. No. Geez, we've been right lollied up here, ain't we? I think I look quite good, though, to be fair. Might actually wear these on a night out. I'm actually having these. Might have more luck with them, mate. I've been doing all right, you know. Have ya? Yeah. Obviously, lockdown was a bit dry. Yeah. But never mind me. What happened the other night with Frank? It's just murders, mate. She's never shouted at me like that before. Them sort of blips can't keep happening, because if they do, then... we're not good. Do you know what I mean? It's not gonna be good. No relationship is, like, just all rosy. Like, it ain't. I feel like Chloe's still a trigger for Frankie. Cos you and Chloe Brockett was a year ago. Yeah. So she's got no reason to get wound up about it. She's better off just... Like, half leaving her in the past now. That's what I said, because what's gonna happen is, if she keeps going on about it, it's gonna drive us both mad, and I don't want it to come to the point where me and her, sort of, break up over something silly. Yeah. Listen, it's nice to actually see you on your ones for once, H. It is lovely to see ya. I do wanna, like, start spending a lot more time with you... Would be nice. ..because since we have again, like, I've been a lot more my high spirits, d'you know I mean? That's down to you, though. Yeah. You get a bird and drop everyone out. Try not to laugh, if you can, and really fill up the cheeks. You're gonna bring the fingers into the centre and they're just gonna stroke. Deep breath in and bring them away. Well done, thank you so much, and I'll see you again soon. Thank you so much. Thank you, Victoria. Bye. Bye, Victoria. Girls, I think we should do this on the regular. I liked it. I might bring me old roomy next time. What, Matt? Yeah. Now he's moved down, I reckon he'd kind of like that. Obviously, there's perks. Being a gay man with someone who's exactly the same size as you, we've doubled our wardrobes, basically. Shut up! I mean, I'm the cook in the relationship. I do love my cooking. Like, what did he want me to do him the other night? He wanted gnocchi. It's G-nocky innit? Not nocky? No it's G-nocky. That's like you saying k-nife. It's a silent G. They're a match made, these two. They are. So happy, I love it. So, we're kind of just in our own little bubble, so I feel like... Yeah, I've just been in a bubble. You're in a bubble, I'm in a bowl. What's happened, Chlo? So, basically, Ella told Tom McDonnell that I slept with her ex-boyfriend, which is partly true. No, it's true. No, it is true, but it's not as bad as... You can't partly sleep with someone. No. She's made out like it was a one-night stand, I done it just to get back at her, and that isn't the case at all, actually. Right, Chlo, she is upset. Course she is. She's upset. She was with him for four years, but at the end of the day, there's nothing I can do to take it back. What've you said when you've seen her? I haven't. This is where you're gonna go wrong, Chlo. The best thing you can do... Yeah. ..is speak to her, face-to-face. Do you regret what you've done? No. Chlo, sorry goes a long way. I know that, but I'm never apologising. Cos it would just be me lying, and I'm not lying. No, but is it you... Is it you losing face by saying sorry to... No. ..someone that you don't like? No. I'd say sorry to her if I felt sorry, but I don't. I would be lying if I did. It was a bad choice, Chlo. It wasn't ideal, but I've done it. What do you want me to do? Why don't you text her now and say, "Can I meet you for a coffee? I wanna talk." You hand out the olive branch. Well, it can't get no worse than this. You've iced that cake, in my eyes. 100%, Chlo. I'm telling you. Yeah, so get the phone out. Come on. For fuck's sake. This is part of growing up, Chlo. This is what we do in life. You've gotta own it. What should I say to her? Just say, "We need to meet up and talk." "Hi, Ella." No, not a hi. "I think we need..." What do you mean, not hi? I'm not saying hi to her. I wouldn't say hi to her if I saw her. I think we need to meet up and talk. Let me know a place? Put Chloe, at least. Yeah. Sent. Gats, you look so well. Thank you. Doesn't he look amazing? How much weight you lost? About 30lbs. That's unreal. 30lbs? That is so good. I had to. That's like half of Gatsby. Gatsby, your goals, mate. Gats, I'm having a lovely time, but I have gotta shoot off soon. I've gotta go and pick Maddy up. That's all right. I'm gonna go grab and drink, but make sure you say bye before you go. I will. Lovely to see you, girls. All looking beautiful. Thanks, Gats. Bye. See you soon. Oh, girls, last night, I was out with Lockie and Pete. But Chlo, Pete did say to me that you don't speak to him any more. Well, yeah, I don't. Pete was the person that, when you get bad news or good news or I'm scared at two o'clock in the morning, like, he was the person that I would reach out to. I felt safe with him, you know? But then, in lockdown, it was difficult because he knows I would have been really shitting myself and he didn't reach out. So it kind of cemented me in my, like, decision. I can't have you in my life any more. He looked a bit upset as well. Like, I feel like he definitely is upset about the whole situation. Do you? Like, it's nice to hear that from you, cos when Tommy was telling me, I couldn't get any... Oh, but that's boys for you. ..seriousness out of him. Was saying to you yesterday... Yeah. But there's something about Pete. He weren't himself, and it was like... He had a different look. I do think he needs to come to you himself, though. Definitely. Because rather than, like, Tommy and Amy relaying everything. Yeah. But just do me a favour. If this conversation comes up again, please don't encourage him because if he does reach out to me, I want it to be because he wants to... He wants to. ..and off his own back, not because everyone's made him feel bad. He should definitely come to you, you ain't got to come to him. Oh, I won't. It's open. Got you these. Just put them on the kitchen side. Thank you, they're beautiful. What are they for, anyway? They're just a subtle apology. I thought that you could paint me, like, you know, like, the lady in Titanic. Is this a wind-up or what? No. But I'm not a painter. But it's romantic, and then I thought we could put the picture above your bed, so when you get in after a night out, when you forget about me and forget to ring me, I'm always there. I'm speechless. I've got you a present as well. What's that, then? There you go. Is that a phone charger? Portable phone charger. So when you tell me you go out and your phone's dead, no, it's not. Look, I already apologised. We are taking things slow, you know? I'm not putting any labels on anything, but I do wanna be respectful and I don't wanna be starting things... On a bad note. ..on a bad note. I think, to really say sorry and to make up for me, I think you need to paint me now. Can I just... Can I paint on your body? No. Why not? They don't do that in Titanic. He paints her. It's romantic. Yeah, but this ain't Titanic. This is Essex. But if you want me to do it, this what floats your boat, I will do it. Thank you. OK? Listen, I'm not Van Gogh, but I'll give it a go. Get that towel as well cos I don't want you to make a mess. Listen, if I'm a proper artist, proper artists make mess. No, not in here, just got this furniture. Put that down, and then I've already squeezed the paints out. Maybe just use one colour. Maybe you should show a bit more skin. What, pull that down a bit? Listen, who wants to see your elbow? Like that? You've done this before, ain't you? No. Can you make sure you get my good side? This side, please. I'm getting it. I'm getting your best assets. What a welcome back party, eh? Why does he always have an exit and a welcome back all the time? He's only been on holiday. Peter! Oi, what's happening? Hello, mate. What's happening? Oh, he's got a beer. You all right, you good? Hello, how are you? Cheers, Pete. How are we? Nah, whoa, whoa! I thought you looked tall, bruv. Got the Cuban heels on, ain't I? You've got Cubans on, yeah! Come dressed as Woody. How are we all? They are big heels, ain't they? Well, you've come as a ninja. Don't start on me. State of you. Not sure if you were the bouncer or part of the party. Where have you been, mate? Just been... I've been buying flowers. For who? Flowers for who? Well, I haven't been, but Lockie has. Oh, for Yaz? Yeah, well, yeah. You're really not buying flowers either, no? No. Why am I buying flowers? Think maybe... For Chloe? Chloe Sims, maybe buy her flowers. Olive branch. Where is Chloe, is she here? Gone to pick up Madison, I think. I think she would have been here if you was here, but whether you'd have spoke or not, I dunno. Would it... would you have? She told me to fuck off and didn't want to hear from me. But there was world pandemic! I know, it happened in Harlow too. Could have said, "Are you all right?" It happened in Harlow, too, and she didn't text me. You know Chloe as well as I do. And I know that you would've known that she was struggling a bit with it. It's not fair for, you know... Just because there was a world pandemic that suddenly I should go running after her, cos she could have messaged me at any point. She could, yeah. I was sat on me own and have been for three months. I've been on me own. No-one. But she didn't want nothing to do with me. She point blank said it, and when I say this message is paragraphs long of how much of a twat she thinks I am and don't want me in her life... And I'm not gonna go and fly around now, begging for her to be in my life again, for her to go fuck off again. I think you've got too much pride. I never wanted to not talk to her, and I have missed her, and I would love us to just go back to the way it was before, but it's also just fuck all to do with anyone. If she wants to talk to me, fucking talk to me, it's really fucking simple. I'm relaying the message, don't take it out on me. I know, but she told me to fuck off and I've gotta run after her. You want me to fuck off, I'll fuck off. Job done. If you're getting aggie about it, don't worry. If she was here now, and she just went, "Oi, prick", I'd go and speak to her. That's all she's gotta... Anything. She has done nothing. Nothing. You OK? Yeah, good, thanks. How are you? I'm all right. Happy with it? I think I'm done. Yeah? Don't get me wrong, it needs a little bit more work. Are you ready? I'm ready. Drum roll. Bosh. What do you reckon? Do you know what? That's not bad, James. For ten minutes' work... I actually... ..that's the bollocks. I think art could be your thing. Not joking. Could see that in the Tate Modern. It's very abstract. I like it. I really appreciate you doing this for me, cos I didn't think you was gonna do it. The old Lockie wouldn't have. Changed man. What can I say? I feel like you are changing. Just getting better with age, like a fine wine. I feel like you are. I feel like that year apart, we needed. Yeah. And I feel like now, you're actually half ready to be the man I always wanted. I made a little mistake, apologised, I took the first step. What can I say? And I haven't gone crazy. You're a lucky girl. Don't you think you should be explaining your actions, really? No. Oh, well, I think you should, to be honest... I don't... So, I don't personally think that I've got anything to say to you. Like, you was... So, why did you do it, then? Because I wanted to. Like, I don't understand... But why? Because I wanted to. Why would you want to when he was just using you to spite me? That's OK, that's fine. Weren't seeing him, like you were saying. Ella. I've seen all the messages, you were begging him to meet you. It's a bit embarrassing. I really wasn't. If you really need to say that to make yourself feel better, OK. I've seen them all. He come to my door after you done it. But it's just the morals and the self-respect. But I went out with him. I don't owe you anything. You didn't. You didn't date him, you were just a shag. That's all you was. I mean, it really wasn't, but if you... It was, cos it was in a Premier Inn in Dagenham, next... Yeah, it was! He took me away for my birthday, Ella. Did he? Oh, no he didn't, Chloe. No, he didn't! Yes, he did! OK, I've made it up. You probably... If that's how monch you are, you would make it up. Cos then it makes it OK. If you need to tell yourself that to feel better, that's fine. You really think...? But you were so adamant that he was no good for me, knew he cheated on me all the time. You were the one that told me. He did! So then why would you go with him? I liked him. Don't owe you anything. You liked him? Oh, OK. Like him when we WERE friends, then? No, absolutely not. How can you automatically like someone? Spent time with the person. I liked him. Is that why you didn't like me, cos wanted everything that I had? Sorry, you turned on me, Ella? You are deluded! I never turned on you. You're... Ella! Please. I never turned on you. I know you're so angry with your own life, that you feel the need... I'm not angry with my own life. Why you so bothered, then? I don't need... Why are you...? You were my friend. Never gonna be friends again. I can't stand you. Obviously not. So, do I owe you anything? You don't. That's why you sleep with everything and everyone that shows you attention. Really? Not being funny, if you're gonna hand it out on a plate, he's gonna take it. I don't like you, I really don't... That's why you done it. And that's fine. At the end of the day, I'll never go near something like that again cos... No-one asked you to... You know what they say. When you lay with dogs, you catch fleas, babe. OK, then. And I'd rather not. Better get to the vets then, babe. I'm pedigree, hon. 'Next time...' Stop, stop, stop! I don't like it. Ow! We love book club, we love book club. We're sort of, like, drifting on these different paths. You should know that we'll always, like, come back to each other. Yeah. I'll never lose you. Don't ever leave me. But I've never once thought I wouldn't have you in my life. You saying that to me fucking hurt me. Cos I was upset with you! But I... OK. This is all getting stupid. Do you or do you not want to sort this out, and do you want us to speak? Your mouth, it don't stop. Who are you? Go plan your wedding. It's muggy, go away! No-one likes you! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 