The Only Way Is Essex: Season 26, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Only Way Is Essex 
 s26e12 - Episode #26.12 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Only Way Is Essex (2010–…): Season 26, Episode 12 - Episode #26.12 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Yes, Dan, yes, Dan! When's your anniversary? It's coming up really soon. What you after for it, Frank? I'm joking! Is that even the right hand? We actually think you're gonna be like "maidzillas". Let the best maid of honour win. Yeah, me. Er, me. No, me. I seen Chloe Brockett the other day. It just made me realise, like, I don't hate her for what she did to me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You've gotta take Ella's feelings into consideration. I don't really trust your intentions. What do you want then? What do you want? Just build a bridge and get over it. Why are you shouting at me? I'm gonna be away for a little while, but I'm gonna be back and I want us to start afresh, start again. Since Thailand, a lot of things have happened where I've thought, "Why is Pete starting on me for?" I don't think he likes me, mate. To be fair, I don't think you're the only one who's noticed it. Obviously, looking back now, I mean, it sort of all ties in to the stuff that happened between me and Chloe. # The only way is up # Baby # For you and me now 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 # Ooh, ooh, oh! # Right, harder! Just imagine, it's 6AM, I'm at an after-party I've not replied to you for three hours! Ow! I've never been to a vineyard. Neither have I, Saff, how lovely is it? I'd love to own one of these, I'd be pissed every day. This is your thank you dinner for being the best daughter in the world and for helping me out with Clemmie. I'd do anything for her and you. Wahey! I don't normally have to pop my own bottles. My arm's really tiring of this! Cheers, George. Cheers. Nicole, do you want a sausage roll? Ow! Shit, son! Oh, Bob. Hello, girls! That's a very butch backpack. Well, you know me. We'll take it from the start. A one, two, three, good. And a one, two, three, and the turn, there it is. What a twat! How wonderful to be here today, Saff, it's so lovely, isn't it, to actually have a glass of prosecco and to be with friends and family? What you talking like that for? You sound like you've shit yourself. How disgusting, Harry! Basically, I've said I wanna go elocution lessons for Polly because, obviously, Polly's started school and when I drop Polly off, the mums are really well-spoken and not because I wanna be posh, I just want to speak nicer. I'm also doing it for the wedding, because how lovely to speak lovely... In the speech. ..in the speech. So you're telling me you're doing this to drop off Polly at school and be the better maid of honour at my wedding. Yes. Came here last week and, obviously, cos I'm the best maid of honour ever, I thought about you, Harry, straightaway, I thought, "Harry needs to go wine tasting for his wedding..." Dem, I know his favourite wine. I haven't got to come to a vineyard to tell you what his favourite wine is. I know he loves a sauvignon, I know he loves it from New Zealand so... better luck next time, hun. Oh, my God, she's such a bitch today! Demi, I've gotta ask you one question and one question only, where was Harry born? Harold Wood. He was born at Barking. You're actually wrong. Oh! Oh. Where was you born? At Rush, er, Rush Green. How do you feel? Oh, my God, you've had an absolute mare. I think we should all go away, Demi bake a cake... Amazing. ..Amy bake a cake. Yep. So, me and you, having a bake-off, Ame! I actually think this is such a good idea cos it's gonna prove... who the best maid of honour is. The bake is gonna be the make. I like that. May the best woman win. Cheers. Woo-hoo! # Just figure it out # Figure it out Just figure it out # Just figure it out... # That was actually pretty average, but what has this got to do with your 30 By 30? I wanna learn to dance, and I thought, well, go in at the deep end, d'you know what I mean? Taps the hard... apparently, the hardest dance to learn. Seriously, you're gonna learn tap? It's not just about learning to dance tap, mate, it's the bigger picture, it's everything. To impress girls. The only reason you're learning to dance is to impress someone, and who is that person? Yeah, it's to impress you, to get into your music video. Don't start me about me and him and the music video. I'm actually quite pissed off with you. Why? Ooh! Because, like, I don't think you're taking this seriously, bruv, the whole music thing. You're saying you wanna do directing and music, one thing, one thing, and then, somehow, it's come back to your 30 By 30. Take it seriously. You're out every weekend getting pissed. I don't see no storyboards. Now we're here doing tap dancing. I'm getting in the mind-set of a rapper. What's he do? Go out every weekend, gets lagging, gets pissed. Tap dances! I'm living the life of a rap star. Rapper and a tapper. And the only way to go is... Oi, on a serious note... ..are you gonna do that storyboard? Can't hear. What? Are you gonna do that storyboard? See ya tomorrow. Bye! # But it's not the kind of weather To be dancing in your sweater... # Ooh, what you sketching? Well, basically, getting some ideas out there, what my characters are gonna look like in the book I'm writing. What sort of characters have you got already? Well, even though the book's about trolling... Yeah. ..the idea behind it is actually that trolls... are people that you would come into contact with on the daily and you don't necessarily know they're a troll. They're a troll, yeah. Oh, look, there's Frankie and Harry. Frankie! Harry! Come here, come and join us. How are you guys? Good. Do you mind if I put a blanket down? Of course. Such lovely weather. Yeah, that's what we was thinking. I'm glad you lot are here. You guys are so cute together. Aw, thank you. It's coming up to our one-year anniversary. A year? Oh, my God, that's gone fast! Flown by. It's weird cos it's gone, like, really quick, but I feel like I've known him all my life, like, it's so strange. Aw! Have you got to that stage where you've kind of... you've got, like, the niggles yet? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Why, what annoys you about me? Her communication skills are really bad. Yeah. I'm the type, I'll be like, "I love you so much", like, "You're so sexy" and that but, like, it don't happen often, d'you know what I mean? I'm not good with my emotions and Harry's a really emotional person, he's like the woman of the relationship and I'm the man. Frankie, he must annoy you as well. Yeah, he takes longer than me to get ready. He's got this little black wash bag, he disappears for two hours and then he comes out shining! I think we should have a little toast to the anniversary. Sounds good. Lovely, let's go. Cheers, guys. Cheers. Cheers. Are you sad that I'm moving out? I think you're gonna be shocking when you move out. Why? Because you don't cook. I can cook a bit of toast. But, d'you know what, I'm glad that you're doing it, it's good. Me and Ella, we're friends again now. I know. We had a bit of that disagreement, obviously, about the Chloe situation. Yeah. Obviously, I love Ella, but Chloe... Chloe was very close, she was part of our family. Yeah, I know, it's just crazy. I know, but she has got a heart and she is kind. I just... You know, it's not a situation that... that you wanna be in. Cos you don't want to be arguing and falling out with people, that's not you. Hello! Hi. How are you? Hi, my lovelies. You look nice. This is Tom. Oh, hello, how are you? How are you? And that's Jeanette. Nice to meet you. All right, girls? Yeah, good. Bit late, ain't you? Er, when am I not ever late? I know. I should have known! Jeanette, I've not seen you in so long. I've missed youse. How have youse been, though? Been all right? Yeah, I've been good. I mean, I'm happy that I'm sitting here, Thought she might... Chloe Brockett might have wormed her way through. Oh, no. We bumped into them the other night. Who? Chloe and Joey. What happened? They was muggy and patronising towards her. Like they were trying to wind me up. I know what Chloe and Joey are like when they're together. Yeah. Like they can be really, really nasty. Even looking at Joey when we were having this argument or whatever you want to call it, he knows that she is wrong. He couldn't even look at me in the face. Probably felt like he had to, because he was with Chloe. He's just being a sheep. It's good to see youse two actually together again. Friendship's a big thing. Someone you can trust. Yeah, course. You don't want to just throw that away, trust me. Nothing would ever come between us. No. You're my number one. Cheers! Cheers. Yeah, cheers. Cheers. I can have a little, erm, drink, cos Maddy is away with her dad. This looks lovely, don't it? So cute! Just always being the hostess with the mostest round here, what can I say? Listen, enough of this. No, George, not this again. I've brought the samples with me. You should leave the house stuff... You don't wanna talk house stuff every day? I 100% don't. I thought you loved it. Hi, guys. Oh, my God! How are we all? Pete! You definitely ain't that tall, what you standing on? Oh, my God, I'm well shocked. Ah! Hello! What's happening? This is cute. How are we? Ooh, God, this is... This is bad for my knees. Look how cute that is, how happy she is. I missed you, Pete. Let's get rid of these fucking things, eh? Did you miss Chloe? Yeah, I did. Yeah, I did miss her. How much? There, about that, about. Is that cos your fingers are so small you can't stretch 'em out? That's quite a lot. That's a yard, that's a mile. You've chirped up now Pete's come back, anyway. Yeah, you ain't half chirped up. Yeah, well... We're on a good run at the moment, aren't we? It's cos you ain't seen him for a week. Exactly, it's cos I've not been here! Yeah. I need to lock him up in there so he can't piss me off. No, I'm just happy to see you cos, like, we've just kind of got into a nice little spot and then he's like, "I've gotta go away for work." I panicked bit cos I thought, is he gonna be the same or is he gonna have changed again? You know what I'm like. Overthinking. I've got a surprise for you tonight. Aw. Get dressed up, we're going out. Ooh! Dressed up. Before I went, I told you I was gonna do something to try and make it up to you. OK. Well, just one night out's not gonna make it all up. No. So don't put too much pressure on tonight, yeah? The look on your face, don't look like he needs to make up that much. He does. Inside, still, like... All right, cool. # Something 'bout you # It's taking me up and I know # Something 'bout you... # You're probably the most unfit person ever. You was like, "Oh, my legs are aching." I put a good shift in on that assault course. All right. How was your night, anyway? Well, whilst you was out, Yaz FaceTimed me. She basically was like, you know, the whole time when me and Nicole had had a row, it was just a really shit situation for her and she was put in, like, near enough an impossible position, but wanted to like, make sure I was OK and just saying, you know, she doesn't wanna lose me as a friend and we've worked so hard to build our friendship back where it was, considering we did fall out, which was really nice cos it does play on my mind. I said to Lockie, regardless of how good a friend Nicole is to her, I don't know nothing about that, what I do know is you're a good friend to her, so you shouldn't let that come between you at all. Yeah. And hopefully it hasn't, like, by what you're saying. I still feel very... tight. Oh! From the old assault course I done. Didn't overly enjoy the exercise, but, obviously, went to the pub after, had a little chat with Diags about the whole Pete situation. I think now the whole Pete and Chloe stuff has come to light, it sort of made sense to me. I've always said, like, Pete is not your friend, I've been saying this to you for so long, you didn't wanna believe it because you don't like to have drama with people, but he is being really bitchy, everyone has said it, everyone's seen it. It all makes sense now because the fact that then she had a thing with you, obviously got under his skin a lot. I don't actually feel like he's ever gonna admit, "Dan, d'you know what, "I've got a problem with you because the girl I actually like, "you've had a thing with." He's never... Do you really think he'll ever admit that? Probably not, no. # The only way is up! # # Let's not overthink it # Let's just say it like it is # You know we have a good thing # Not just friends With benefits... # Well, I... What's the average size of a penis? I don't know, girls. Is it like four inches or something? I dunno! Is that what Harry tells you? Oh, yeah! Oh, my God! Hi, girls! What the fuck has happened? Today, I've been baking. Look, I've got it all over me. And it exploded! It's like an explosion. OK, so your first one is the three of pentacles. You are going to be successful. Wherever you point your magic wand, things will happen. Magic. Glad I'm not saying that to a bloke. OK... Aw! This is so cute. I'm cute. Look, we've brought our mums out for a lovely meal. A nice surprise. What you trying to insinuate, we don't take you out? Well, yeah! You don't, actually. That's not true. When did you last take me out? It was... 2019. Are youse both doing yours like that? Whoa. How are youse doing yours? She ain't seen a dick for ages, has she? She ain't got a clue. Shush, girls, girls. How many dicks are we actually putting on this cake? Girls, I dunno, like, Amy's trying to make herself look like the better maid of honour, so I'm gonna beat her with this, like, willy cake. Slightly off topic, but do youse think I'm bad at expressing my feelings? Yeah, 100%, you're the worst. Why you asking that for, Frank? Harry was basically saying, the thing that annoys him the most about me is that I'm not in touch with my emotions. D'you know what it is with you, Frank? Every single relationship you've had has ended really, really badly cos they've ended up hurting you. Yeah. So I think that's why you're not overly emotional because you've grown such a thick skin now. I just need to show him that I actually do care as much as he does. # I know, I know, I know you # Oh, oh... # You're nearly a year strong. Who would have thought it? Not a lot of people. Everyone, right, was coming up to me, "Youse two won't last." Even Mallett bet me £100. I know! Obviously, there's ups and downs in relationships, we've had plenty of them. What would you say your bad points are? Her communication skills. Like if I rang her up now and went, "Why do you love me?" She'll go, "Er...". D'you know what I mean? She'd go, "I don't know, I'd rather text it to you." Right. That definitely needs to improve. I've got things I need to work on as well, I know that. I do get a bit jealous every now and then, ain't gonna lie. Mm. But, you know, year down the line, gonna pull out all the stops for it. Why, where you going? I'm gonna take her pottery. I think you gotta do more than pottery for a one-year anniversary. Right, what's happening? What's happening? What's happening? Yes, yes. Tweedledee and Tweedledum. Fucking hell, bet you're having intelligent chat here, ain't you? What you talking about? Politics? We've been talking about his one-year anniversary coming up. You've made it to one year? Yeah, mate. Beat the six months! Talking of that, got your scratch here. Here's that hundred quid I got you. So what was the bet? He was like, "I'll bet you £100 "you ain't got six months in you." Basically, right... That's a liberty, that. No, listen. Do you know how many five pences are in £100, Har'? 20,000. Oh, no, this geezer! Can do something nice with that, for your anniversary. Yeah, I've got pottery planned. Pottery? Yeah. What?! But he reckons I need to do something better. Right, I've got you, let's do this, Gat. What about, like, trying to find some gold or something? Like a treasure hunt. Yeah. And you're gonna lead her to the thingy by doing poems so she's gonna have to... You say something, she'll go over there, get it, then it leads to the next gaff. This is the first one, wait. "Your garms are looking wavy, "left you a clue on the pavey." You've got flour in your eyelash. I've got flour everywhere. Honestly, it's like, in my boobs as well. Well, at least you won't sweat! Girls, I've been baking all day today, and I just need to get the perfect cake for the wedding. Me and Harry are best friends. I do feel a bit put out with Demi because she wants to be maid of honour and, obviously, I want to be maid of honour. Well, can't there be two, like, maids of honour? Listen, you can have two maid of honours, but I think I should be head maid of honour. Yeah. And, like, she gets the shitty jobs, d'you know what I mean? So thanks for coming round, prosecks in the garden. Thanks for having us. Thanks for inviting us round. Honestly, it's just a really peaceful garden. Everyone says it, don't they? No, it is, like even, honestly, girls, Amy got me and Kelsey round and it ended in us being civil. Honestly. Wow. That's a miracle garden here. Anyway, girls, I've got a massive performance tomorrow. Why, what do you mean? So Diags is doing his 30 before 30. Yeah. And one of his strange ones was that he wants to learn how to dance. That's amazing! We've gone tap dancing. Oh, God, you did? How did it... How did it go? So they were so good that I've arranged for them to perform it tomorrow at her market. Oh, my God. I'd love to get Polly into tap dancing. I think I'd want my kids to do, tap dancing and stuff like that, it's so cute. Yeah. I, like, basically, really worry about having kids. Like, I'm not young anymore, and there's actually fertility problems in my family, so my nan took, like, five years to get pregnant, my mum took three years. It's, like, a real worry for me. Yeah, of course. I think like, girls have got this such internal clock of, like, ticking. See, I've got to be completely honest with you, so it took me two years to fall pregnant with Polly. I had my ovaries checked, so what you might have to do is have your ovaries checked. Listen, they're gonna be fine, but sometimes they say when you want something so much, it don't happen. And the minute that I relaxed... It happened. ..I fell. I definitely think having a test is a good idea for you cos I know how much you stress and you talk about it all the time. I'm like the expert in trying to fall pregnant, so if you want any advice, come to me. I'm a professional. OK, so when I'm actually trying, you can move in with me and George and you can tell us to go upstairs when we need to. Yeah. Go on, Cle-bag. I probably wanna ask the obvious. Relationships. Am I gonna meet someone soon? Let's have a little look. It says be careful not to self-restrict, not to, erm, hold yourself back. So have a look at what has stopped you from getting what you want. I restrict myself all the time, don't I? Yeah, you do. So that's... That's hit the nail on the head for me. Bob, I think you're up. Well... your first card is the tower. You're trying to achieve something and it might not be going quite to plan. What can you see for me in terms of relationships? Can you see me getting married, will I have children? Let's have a look. It is a legal card, so there may be some kind of legal ceremony, so a marriage is a legal ceremony. Yeah. So we would look at that favourably. You don't sound too sure, girl! It may be, erm, an unconventional ceremony. You might write down your pre-nup agreements, all of those things. Pre-nup? Pre-nup. That's what that would all be about. # Is that what love looks like? # James, stop playing with that food. I ain't playing with it. You are, you're playing with it. Listen, listen to your mum, do as you're told. You're getting that all over your face now as well, look. Look. Don't do that at the table with me! Deb, have you, erm, met James' girlfriend yet? Shut up. No, I haven't. You haven't? No. So when am I... There's a pandemic! You can't meet people all the time these days. What would Boris say? I mean, you're that serious with her, you spend all that time together and you haven't even introduced her to your mum yet. Listen, it's a big step. I'm not just willy-nilly, like you with birds. Just bringing, just bringing a carousel... Why are you laughing? Yeah, you asked for that Dan, you did ask for that one. "Come meet Wendy." "When did you meet her?" "Oh, last night." I don't... No! I don't do that do I? I'm not that bad. Yep. You're a new man, apparently. And I'm a new man, yeah. That's nice to hear, finally. And times have changed, yeah. Good! Got there in the end. Well done! Deb, I'm 30 now, like, I had to grow up at some point, didn't I? Even I'm doing stuff I've never done before. Making the most of the last of my twenties. And I'm quite proud of you, actually. Thank you. I'm ahead of a lot of people. Like... What's everyone else doing? Regardless of what they're doing, how is it between you lot? All the boys? We're all cool, to be honest. Are we? That's not what you said the other day. Oh, no, well, basically, it's all come out, this whole Pete and Chloe stuff, and apparently they've got a really deep... Yeah, for the last two years, Well, they said to everyone they was just friends, but it was a lot more than that. Yeah. So he was jealous of your little thing with Chloe. Well, I just don't think... If he had deep feelings for her, it makes sense why he would feel a bit bitter towards me, d'you know what I mean? Why he was so over the top. I just think, yeah. At least if you try and say, "Look, mate, I'm sorry, "and I didn't realise there was anything there, "I thought it was just a friendship." I think if it was an issue in Pete's eyes back then, then, obviously, it's good that we address it and speak about it, I suppose. Yeah, and is it still? Is it still there? Yeah. Yeah, is it still now? Yeah. # I'm trapped outside Inside my mind... # Ah, Pete, you've done really well. I'm so glad you picked this. Well, listen, over the years, probably our best nights have come from going places with live music. We both love it. So I thought this would cheer you up, it's a bit different. I'm cheered up. Just not with you. All right, OK, fine. Excuse me! Fabulous musician in the corner! What are you doing? Sorry, everyone, sorry, shush. Genuinely, I apologise, could you play some sad music for me? Oh, my God, what are you doing? Shush. Oh, my God, I'm gonna go. No, sadder! Chloe Simms... Erm, I am sorry I'm a dickhead and I'm sorry I've not been there, but I love you, please forgive me. I'll forgive you if you just shut up and sit down, please. Thank you. Stop raising your voice, that is really embarrassing. I'm sweating. I love you and I'm sorry. All right, fine, I forgive you. You didn't have to shout the whole jazz bar down. What's been going on? What have I missed? You're getting right dug out and... Oh, the opinions have started? Apparently, Dan Edgar has said that now it makes sense why you constantly dig him out more than anybody else. He's totally pretending that he didn't know about me and you. He said to me, before we went Thailand, in front of Demi and Diags, "Fuck Pete off and come with me." He is a compulsive liar. When that whole Dan thing happened, I couldn't tell my real truth, because no one knew about me and you. The way he treated you was a fucking disgrace, but I've done no better. It's a completely different situation. D'you know what I mean? You didn't publicly humiliate me. He knew that I was upset in Thailand, he knew I was vulnerable, and he still did what he did. It's a bit annoying that people are kind of using the fact that things have happened between me and you, as, "Oh, that's why Pete's so protective over Chloe." Before anything happened between me and you... I would have... backed you anyway. I do that because I love you, full stop. It makes a lot of sense to people that have got half a brain, but we're dealing with absolute irritants. You're not on your own this time, all right? I ain't gonna let people start digging you out without me standing there with you. So if people want to come for us, then they can come for us. Good luck. # No, no Nothing's gonna stop you now! # # The only way is up! # # If you wanna be loved Tell me now... # If you're gonna do a 30 Before 30, you've gotta do it real and big. We are gonna be performing in the foreground here. Stunning. They're not the manliest shoe in the world, is it? What's it feel like? Really nice. But it's well hard. All right, mate, put your finger in that. Oh, my God. It's unbelievable. Cor. Let's have a feel. Oh, my God. I feel like a pushy stage-school mum. You're so talented, you just need to do it now. Whoo! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah. Oh! Oh! Happy feet. I'm back! Fuck. Honestly, Diags. Keep tapping! Come on, we need some money for charity. Roll up. Woo-hoo! First up! Ah, thank you very much. I'll tap for you. Thank you! Oi! Oi, oi! Moolah, oi! Big boy moolah! Scores in, yeah? You've got the wrong shoes on, though. Nice, Tommy boy, well done. Thanks, Tom! Oh, yeah! And end. Yeah, you lot went in! Oh, yeah! Man, that was hard. When you said that you went to dance school, I thought you were lying, but that - jeez. My legs just feel like they just wanna go, and then my body just goes with it. Yeah! Honestly... I just go. I just go. I think you've done amazing. Like, do you feel like you've really done your 30 Before 30? I'd say... probably one of my best ones yet. You can turn 30 a happy man now. Exactly. Almost, but... this happy. And I'm gone. Does anyone want a drink? What's that? Oh, I'll clear this up then. Drinks, everyone? # Yeah, I dropped that To make him like you... # Right, that's enough. Oh! Oh, Harry! You've just got some on my dress. Get off me now. You're too sweaty, anyway. So much for the romance. Yeah, this was quite romantic, to be fair, but how have I managed to keep it off my dress, and you've got it on there straightaway? I can't believe we're coming up to a year. I know. Who would have ever thought we'd get to a year, me and you? Crazy, innit? We had loads of doubters at the start, didn't we? Everyone. Everyone was giving their two pennies' worth. "They won't last." "He don't like her." I know. But we've proved everyone wrong. I'm glad that, like, everyone around us can be happy for us, and everyone sees us as, like, a "proper couple". I know. However... this ain't just it. This is the appetiser. The main meal's coming later, right? You're gonna love it. What are we doing? Don't worry. I'll send the helicopter at five... Helicopter?! All right, cab. Erm... and we'll go from there. All right? OK. I need to go now, cos I've got so much stuff to sort out. You're just leaving me with all this mess? You crack on with that. I'll see you in a bit, yeah? Where you going? I'm just gonna sort a few bits out. See you later. What?! Well, bye, then. # Baby, make your move Step across the line # Baby, make your move... # Thank you, darling. # Baby, make your move Step across the line # Touch me one more time Come on, dare me # Baby, make your move. # These are the sort of days that I just wanna be naked, don't you? When in Clacton at a food festival, I think clothes are appropriate. How was your tarot reading last night? It weren't the best one I've ever had. I think, where she started referring things to my relationship, maybe, it kind of got cogs turning in my head, and maybe was making me think about things that might have already been in my mind a little bit before, you know? I think the long and short of it is that, ultimately, it's kind of made me confront issues that I think I was kind of... going through anyway. The tar-rot reading, take it with a pinch of salt, because you don't know what's gonna happen in the future. Oh, it's tarot like arrow, not tar-rot like carrot. Oh! Oh. But love you. Erm, Joe's over there... and I think I'm gonna have a little chat with him. Yeah. We'll leave you to it, girl. Thanks. Joe? Come and have a chat with me, love. Hey. You all right? I'm good, thank you. How are you? Yeah, I've been good. I just wanted to have a little chat with you, to be honest. cos, I'm not being funny, the other day, when I did bump into you, youse actually well upset me, because you was smirking, saying nasty comments. I'm just defending my friend, just as you would. D'you know what I mean? I just don't get, like, why we have to row over it, d'you know what I mean? If you and Chloe are gonna have an argument, I'm gonna be with Chloe. Like, I knew you for years, and you were never that person that you was the other day. OK, well, I am honestly sorry that it comes across that way. I... I will work on that, because that's what... that's how you grow kind of thing, so I recognise that. I know I can be sarcastic sometimes, and that's probably one of my toxic traits, but I want you to realise that you holding onto this isn't affecting anyone else other than you. Like, Chloe's fine. Yeah. You're carrying a burden on your shoulders, cos everything she does, you'll see as a vendetta against you, and that's really not the case. I think we should just both have respect for the era and what it once was and just focus on what it is now and just do our own thing and, you know, just not interfere with each other in a negative way, obviously, but I'm gonna go get a cheese toastie, so I'll see you later. See you later. Bye. # It's too late, now I'm saying bye # Ooh, baby, I'll find my way # I'm happier without you anyway # I used to sit here and wonder # Wonder if... # LOCKIE: Fucking typical innit? What's that? Me and you, stuck here on our own again. At a party, no-one wants to interact with us cos of you. What d'you mean, cos of me? How is it because of me? You don't get on with anyone. I'm doing you a favour, right? You're not drinking at the minute... Do me a favour and start being nice. I am being nice. At least I'm sitting with you. Do you think I want to sit with you by a fucking swamp? No. Anyway, have you missed me or what? Course I've missed you. Good. So, what have I missed? Tell me something. Er, bit of drama for Yaz with the girls. I dunno, mate, it's... it's handbag stuff. I haven't got involved. You haven't got to. If people don't like each other, they don't, fuck 'em. Are we talking about anyone in particular here? A certain Mr Dan Edgar? Well... I mean, I-I like Dan. Evidently, he just don't like me. What's that all about then? He knows I don't necessarily get on with his missus, I've told her that, I've told him that, but I think, because of all the stuff about me and Chloe, I mean there's been a few things that have been said that I know about. I mean, he knew about me and Chloe before him and Chloe started doing whatever they were doing and, and told her, "Oh, fuck Pete, fuck him off," and all that crap. Is that a snake move? Yeah, little bit. You need to nip it in the bud and just go and speak to him. Mm. You know, cos it's just silly. Yeah, mate, it's ridiculous. And I'm like you now. I'm... I'm, believe it or not, positive. Yeah? I'm positive. I hope so. I'm positive. Cos I only want positive people around me now. - Talking of positive... - Hello! Here she is. You look lovely. What's happening? Thank you. So do you. Welcome to the positive circle. Ooh! This is the, er, peace and love circle. Oh, is it? I've got a question for you. Who's more important - me or 'er? Ooh... Who you gonna pick? Quickfire. She's done things for me that you haven't. Cos you're a couple, right? Ooh, is that me then? I tell you what, I don't want a fucking mate like you. Yeah, fuck you, yeah. OK, mate. My old man was right about you. You just got really pied off there, mate. Listen, he's my best mate... No, don't fucking go through it again. I'm bored now. I wanna go. ..and you're... you're my blurred line. You'd better change that real quick. I love you both. There you go. I just... Let's share him. Let's share him. You can have him from the waist down... I'll have him from the waist up. # I know that I'm talking too much # And I'll get nowhere trying to do it at once # So stay young. # # The only way is up! # Ooh... That's... Oh, look at that. Cute! Oh, that's nice. Frankie's gonna love this. Why have you got them? Fairy lights. Mate, that is so clever. Did you bring batteries? Nah. # Divin' into you with no regrets # No more phases No more time to waste it... # "You're mad buff. "Look behind da flowers - you'll find some stuff." Aww. # Startin' out We're nothin' more than friends # Empty pages Fillin' in the spaces... # "Geez, your garms are looking wavy. "I left you a clue on da pavey." Aww, it's over there. # Now, my heart is beatin' Out my chest # No more phases No more time to waste it... # "All the haters said our relationship was fake. "Follow the petals to the lake." Oh, my God... # Cos I've never felt like this With anybody # I wasn't sure of us But now you got me... # I've not even seen your cake, it looks shit. Oh, shut up. Your cake looks shocking, hun. Snoring El. Hello. Oh, my God. Hi, Harry. Well, what do we have here? We've got a snoring El cake and then a really nice one over here. I'm really excited to see your cakes. Oh, my God. Amy, that is stunning. It's very boring. It's just the basic bitch, innit? I feel like you two are gonna have full-on beef in a minute. Listen. Can we just see yours now? All right. Do the honours. So here's the masterpiece. What would my mum say when she came to my wedding and see willies on a cake? I-It tastes good, you know. I'll be the judge of that. All right. I feel like I need to try this willy, as well. Dem, it's a bit small. Ooh, it's... That's absolutely rank. It makes me sick. That is the most disgusting... It's thin... Eurgh. I poured my whole heart into making that cake for you. It took me hours. I feel a bit disappointed by that. I'm gonna try it, cos I think it's only fair. It's not even moving. It's not even... What is... is this? Right, the... the cake's fake. It's not even real! It's fake, sorry. Oh, my God. Are you having me on? I've won. Right, it's fake because I was baking all night last night. It literally didn't go to plan, I was really stressing out, so... I got this today. I'm in actually shock. Like, that, it's not even real cake. So, who... who's won? I've made my decision. Wait for me, H! Wait for me! Are you joking? Oh, my God! That cake looks shit. That looks te... That's worse than mine. I'm actually in shock. Hang on a minute, you weren't meant to be making a cake. It's between me and Amy. No, you're right, Dem. I'm glad you addressed that. Sorry, I'm just setting it, cos of the heat. At least hers is real. She's taken it so seriously. I love it. Come and taste it, Harry. Bring the knife over. I wouldn't taste it. It's got setting spray on it. No, it's edible setting spray. What's it like? Oh... Saffron... Is it OK if try that cake? No. This is a competition. So, Harry... Can I try Demi's then? No, what you chatting? Can I just try your cake? Guys, guys, guys... I'm trying her cake, all right? Absolutely shocking. Ame? This would make a really good... Oh, sorry! Oh, my God! Didn't mean to do that. Ah! Oh, my God. Youse are out of control. You've ruined your cake. Woo-hoo! Oh, my God. I can't believe that. I've got the willy. # Don't need a bad man Don't need a soldier # Don't need God's plan Don't need a hero # Don't need you trying... # Harry, what the hell? Happy anniversary. Do you like it? Yeah. You look cute. You look lovely. Are you my present? Yeah. I've got you some flowers, an' all. Oh, thank you, Harry. They're beautiful. Yeah? Yeah, thank you so much. Come on, let's sit down. Harry, I love all of these photographs. They're all from, like, the best times we've had. And all the messages on the back. And I've got something for you, as well. So, I've made you a book of our year. Oh, my God. When you asked me to be your girlfriend, and this is the first night that you told me you loved me. Our first Christmas, the New Year. Sometimes, I don't tell you enough, but I do love you to pieces. Yeah, I love you, too. And you are beautiful. Thank you, Harry. I've actually got one more little thing for you, as well. Cor, it's all going off. I've written you a little letter, cos, obviously, I'm not good with communication, and I can never tell you what I love about... I'm getting so upset already! And I can never tell you what I love about you. Sorry. Don't get upset. So, "To my Harry, "I always knew you was going to be my boyfriend. "Since the day Demi told me you said I was fit and a bit of you, "I just knew it in my heart. "You exceeded all expectations and have turned out to be "the most caring, kind, honest, genuine and loving person "I've ever met in my life." # Will you stay with me tonight # And pretend it's all all right? # Sorry. # Tell me that you love me... # Cor, I'm getting a bit touched here. "My favourite thing about you is the way you love me "and make me feel special more and more every day." "We've had some ups and downs in the past year... "..and it's been a rollercoaster, but something I can say "is that I went into this relationship a timid girl, "and, a year later, I've grown into a confident woman "all because of you and how you make me feel, "and I couldn't thank you enough for that. "Happy one-year anniversary... "and here's to the future." Well, listen, I ain't going nowhere. I love you to pieces. Here's the next year and many more. Oh, I love you. # Tell me that you love me # The way you used to love me # One last time to hold you... # So it's been a good little day here, innit? Trouble is, yeah, too much choice. Cheese toastie's unbelievable. You got pizzas over there, cheese toasties over there - it's too much choice. Babe, Pete's over there, look. Oh, yeah. I should go and speak to him, really. Good, I think that's best, just get it all out. Right, girls, I'm gonna go talk to him now, yeah? OK, babe. I'll see youse in a bit. See you in a bit. Bye. Pete, what's happening, mate? What's happening? You all right? How you doing, you good? Fabulous, you? I'm not bad, not bad. I just wanted to have a chat with you. You know what it's like round here. Before people talk, I'd rather you just hear from me, d'you know what I mean? So, all it was, I think, after Thailand, I feel like there've been moments when a few little things have been said and it might have been strange between us. I... I think you might be being a bit sensitive about it, because I don... If I had a problem, Dan, I'd have told you. Look, I spoke to... I spoke to Diags, to the others - it's just not me that's felt it. People have said to me, "Look, we see it." Like what, Dan? Just little things here and there that makes me think, "Why has Pete said that?" And I just think... Dan doesn't wanna row, so if it gets heated, it'll be from Pete. Yeah, Dan don't like rowing. Dan won't row. As far as I'm concerned, this is a bit, like, out of the blue, and I think you're talking shit. It might be out of the blue to you, no, listen, it might be out of the blue to you, but I notice it, and others notice it. I feel like maybe a little bit of bitterness comes out towards me. The only thing that's ever pissed me off about it is things that I've heard you've said at the time that I did think were a bit snaky about, you know, "Fuck Pete off," cos you did know there was stuff going on with me and her, and that's something that I was surprised about from you, because... But those things have been taken well out of context for a start. That would have been when me and Chloe were both joking about. This is hard for me to talk about, she's standing over there. I know. But, at the time, that would have been something in response to her going, "Are you still with her?" Or, "Fuck her off," and I've gone jokingly, "Oh, are you still with Pete?" Something like that. But I think... That's not been said in a way where I would slag you off. I spoke to Chlo about it last night, and, like, you knew things had gone on between me and her. Yeah, of course, but I always thought... That's why it's strange you think I've got the problem. It should really be me having a problem... I always thought it was the same. I've thought it was the same as the me-and-Chloe situation. She said you were fully aware of... She told me about you. ..quite a lot. She told... Yeah, she told me a lot about you and her, but I didn't know how deep it was. Demi and Diags were also in a room, apparently, when, you know... Cos, in Thailand, I did have a bit of a meltdown. I was like, "Oh, fuck me, this is awkward for me." Knowing that you knew that and that you'd heard people say how I was feeling, you carried on anyway, that was a bit of a kick in the teeth, but... I just think, it irritates me, cos I struggle to understand how you can be quite fake, being so nice to someone's face, then digging him out behind his back, whereas I think Dan's only sort of just realised it now, but I dunno. Listen, things have worked out, you know, the way they should be. Me and Chloe are getting back to the way we was before, and it's probably a weight off our shoulders that everything's out in the open. We're all fucking too old now. Yeah, well... But, yeah, there's no issue, mate. Chloe's walking over. Don't forget about your girlfriend over here! All right? That's what I'm worried about. All right? All right? All right? But, yeah, listen... It's all, er... all good, yeah? We'll have a beer later, Pete. All right. Ta-ra, mate. See you later. Bye. You all right? Yeah, you? Yeah. Nice chat? Yeah. All good? Yeah. How was it? All right? Yeah, no, it was fine. It was all right. Good. I said what I had to say, and... Well done. He seems to think I'm maybe just feeling a bit guilty. Guilty? Well, cos, apparently, Chloe said to him I said something about him. I feel like it was just something more said out of a jokey way than serious. Right. I told him I think it was a bit snaky what he said, but, pff. What'd he say? Taken out of context. Well, I said it word for word what he said. Listen, apparently, everyone agrees that I've been digging him out. Oh, God. At least the air's cleared. Yeah. But... No, I agree. Look. It's nothing, it's done, it's done. Hallelujah. All good. The world is a happy place once again. Yeah. Good. He was half trying to get an apology out, but didn't get it out. Well, d'you know what, Pete... now me and you have teamed up again, it is over for these bitches. # You just want the power # You're not really Down for the love # You just want the power # Power! # Bang, bang, bang. That's it. Confetti cannon, go! When I'd introduce you to someone you don't really know, sometimes, you're not very welcoming. Cos I get shy. I do understand where Ella's coming from, like, why she wouldn't want us to be friends. It's not her place to get involved and start saying what you can and can't do, Kels. You can do what you want. I don't want us to get to a stage where we lose what we've got. I don't feel like you need to justify yourself, though, Chlo. I would like to not be thought as as a liar. I can just tell there's some raw feelings there. I wish that we could just end this war once and for all. # The only, the only The only, the only, # The only, the only The only, the only # The only way is up, baby # For you and me now # The only way is up, baby # For you and me now. # Subtitles by ITV SignPost OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 