The Only Way Is Essex: Season 26, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Only Way Is Essex 
 s26e13 - Episode #26.13 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Only Way Is Essex (2010–…): Season 26, Episode 13 - Episode #26.13 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Oh, yeah. Oh! Me and Yaz are sort of seeing each other again. Just taking things slow and seeing how they go. Do you feel that it's time that you moved down? Let's do it. I love you. Love you! What can you see for me in terms of relationships? It is a legal card. You might write down your pre-nup agreement. Pre-nup? Got cogs turning in my head making me think about things that have already been in my mind. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There's actually fertility problems in my family, so... it's, like, a real worry for me. Maybe have your ovaries checked. I've gotta eat, breathe, live music right now. What, you making a new song? New song. He can be the director of the music video. Yes! I say horrible things when I'm angry and you do, too. I feel like I'm so willing to forgive you. After Thailand, I feel like there's been moments when it's been a bit strange between me and you. You knew things had gone on between me and her and you carried on anyway, that was a bit of a kick in the teeth. Now me and you have teamed up again, it is over for these bitches. # The only way is up 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 # Baby # For you and me now # Ooh, ooh! # # You know that I love you # I do need you # No matter what I do... # Polly, look! Oh, wow, look! Wow. # No matter what I do # All I think about is you... # # No matter what I do # I'm crazy over you # No matter what I do... # Right, pitch, video. Why haven't you done it on a laptop like a normal person? Might as well do it on a Magna Doodle, mate. D'you know what's really shit about COVID? Obviously, a lot of things are shit, but we can't share desserts. That's probably my best bit about COVID. No-one can touch my food! Look! Oh, Saff. How did you find it, though? I won't be rushing back, Bob. Oh! I thought, next time... Started off here, I think, like, Olympics. No, no, no. That was very full on for me. Well, I just think that... ..that was so good, to come and clear your head, literally. Why, what you clearing your head over? Well, I just think this has been a crazy few days, innit? Yeah, well, we had the readings. Mm. Yeah. Yours was full on. It's just made me kind of, just... It's just knocked me for six a little bit, really. I think the thing is, obviously, with Matt moving down, lockdown, for us, kind of made us stronger than ever. Because we literally was doing everything together 24 hours a day, things were so good. He'd then moved down, and I think because my life's slowly going back to normal now, I've got the point where I feel guilty that I'm going to work and I'm leaving him on his own. Yeah. When I come home and I could talk about how training was or how work was, because he's not doing much, I guess he doesn't feel like he's really got much to say to me. Yeah. And I think that's kind of putting a bit of strain on our relationship. Well, yeah, in a healthy relationship, you... You both each do your thing and then you come back together, and that time is nice, quality time. I don't wanna ignore the warning signs. Yeah. I wanna address it before it gets to a point. And how you gonna resolve it? I'll sit him down and put my cards on the table a little bit. Yeah. For this relationship to work, something's gotta change. Yeah. # When did it get so complicated? # How do I get Back to those days...? # Right, Polly! Right, you gotta go inside now and you gotta go and see Nanny. - Ready, say "Bye, bubbles!" - Bye, bubbles. Bye, bubbles. All right, love you! - Bye, darling. - Bye! Have a good day! Bubble queen. She's so cute. She's a cutey, isn't she? This weather is incredible. I feel like I need my factor 50 on, though. I feel like you're covered up anyway, Joe. You've got a jumper on, babe! No, but I mean, like, my legs, my face, like, look how pale I am. I'll be like a lobster at the end of the day. Yeah, you are giving me Edward Cullen vibes at the moment. Or I'd say, like, Milky Bar Kid. Kind of! Why are you not drinking? I'm actually teetotal. Oh, good for you, hun. Thank you. And you and James doing it together, so how amazing is that? We've honestly been the best we've ever, ever been, like ever. So good. That's so nice. I've decided to do a couple's retreat, because I've got my retreat in Marrakesh, I wanted to bring it to Essex. Oh, my God. Wow! I'm gonna do some couples' games, trust-building exercises, meditation. Oh, that's so good! Yaz, you're a different person. You're literally so zen these days. Who'd have thought it? Speaking of being zen, I bumped into Ella and we just basically decided there's not gonna be any, like, petty comments, or... Yeah. It's good. You're maturing. It's very wise to pick and choose your battles very carefully. Yeah. And choose who to waste your energy on. I'm thinking of inviting Kelsey out for a drink. That's so good, babe. That's really good. Do it. Do you think? But I don't know if it's a step too far. No. No? Not at all. Listen, you've been best friends for five years. Oh, my God, go for it. D'you think? Oh, definitely. It's progress. Yeah. Last night, I had an epiphany. OK. We start off... Shouldn't you be helping with that? They got... they've got it. Go on, Dad, go on, Dad, Watch out for that. Please, I'm trying to do a pitch. Imagine. You're in a club. Yep. Smoke, everywhere, yeah? Out of the smoke, slowly comes forward, Gatsby. Crown on, yeah? Cos man's King of Essex. Steering wheel in his hand. Why has he got a steering...? Cos, like, Gatsby's taking a new turn, it's a new turn in life for him. Listen, people who watch this video are not gonna see his hand on a steering wheel as, "Oh, he's just turned a corner in life, great, good for him." No, they're not. It's not my fault that people don't get the messages. That was quite deep, though. It is deep! It's... It's just not... There's no substance to it, it don't go with the song. We need champagne, we need dogs. That's too... That's too soft. I like to respect women and stuff, but, obviously, some people don't. Do not bring me into this music video. What's that...? Some people don't respect women. What's this got to do with Dan? Ah, nothing, really, just spoke to Chloe a little bit. You spoke to Pete, didn't you? Oh, you had a showdown with Pete? I didn't have a showdown, I just spoke to him. It was a bit of a weird chat, but... What did he say? Pete said, "Ain't a problem", played it down. I was like, "I'm not plucking it out of thin air." Then it was just, like, "I think you're being sensitive and, if anything, "apparently, you dug me out back then." I spoke to Chloe about it. I think she feels like you're playing the whole thing down and that... What? Listen. No, wait. No, I think she thinks the comment you made about saying, "Why don't you just fuck Pete off and get with me?" When I said it, it was obviously in a jokey way. I weren't going, "Right, listen, what you need to do is, "get rid of Pete and me and you can get together", Yeah. Like, it wouldn't have been said in that way. Anyway, regardless of that, yeah, all I was trying to do is make the situation better, I don't wanna go back over all stuff in the past. Maybe you shouldn't have brought it up again. Well, look, maybe I shouldn't have. Yeah, you should have just left it. You didn't say that to me when I was talking to you about it, did you? You should have just left it. James, stop messing about, got a business to run! Come on. All right, get out of here. All right, send me that... Send me that price on that bathroom. I'll send it over to you. What time is it? Is lunch over? What you doing, man? Get to work! You've got work to do, mate. # I get high on you # I get high on you... # # I get high on you... # I've got a question for you. What? If you was coming to my wedding, who would you bring? Pete or Diags? And you can only bring one. Well, Diags is family, so he'd already be invited, so I'd bring Pete. What, you're saying that if I brought Pete, you would leave Diags out? You absolute liberty taker. So how are you and Mr Pete, then? We're good. Like, I've been, obviously, thinking about things a lot with him and what the difference is from him to other people. You know a feeling you get with somebody... Mm-hm. ..and it's an unusual one, like, I feel complete. I feel calm, like... I feel safe. I just feel really comfortable around him. Yeah. That's really good. I don't know if you heard, like, any gossip or anything... Oh, I have. You have, yeah. Yeah. So, Dan is saying he didn't realise how serious things were with me and Pete. Yeah. But this is crazy, girls. He knew! He's saying, on one hand, he wants to squash the underlying issues with Pete, but just be honest, because that's the only way it's gonna get squashed. Yeah. You knew. You did say, "Fuck Pete off." Just apologise... Yeah. ..and it's done. But instead of doing that, he tried to, like, tone it down a bit and go, "Oh, that's been taken out of context." For someone who don't like getting in drama, he puts himself in the shit quite a lot. I'm... I'm so done with all what happened in the past. I was, like, gagged, I couldn't speak my truth, but now I can, now it's all out, so the final little bit is... is don't make out I'm a liar. You said it, own it and that's it. Yeah. In all the years I've known you, I think it's the first time I've beat you at anything. All right, yeah, OK. You might have done better if you'd been drinking. Maybe... Maybe it's like Samson, d'you know what I mean? You know, like, Samson cut his hair and then he was shit at everything, maybe not drinking means you'll now be shit at everything. No, mate, you look good. Mate, ain't gonna lie, I feel great. I feel better, healthier. What's this I hear about you... You're all going to a couples' retreat? Got all the couples coming away with us, staying in a big house. Car keys in a bowl... Not car keys in a bowl, mate! Oh, right. This is a positive retreat. Bit of yoga. Bit of meditation. Eating healthy. It sounds... shit. Who's going? Bobby and Matias. Tommy and Georgia. Yeah. And your favourite couple, Amber and Dan. Yeah, well, I didn't have, er, an issue with Dan, but he seems to think it's down to what happened with him and Chloe, but what I don't think he's realised is that I knew Chloe's reasons for... for what she was doing with Dan, she was doing it to wind me up and he was a rebound. Of course. Now, I don't know his reasons for doing it and I don't think anyone does, especially Amber, because he still lies to her about it. But at the end of the day, he knew that there was stuff going on with me and Chloe and decided to pursue it anyway. Mate, I do genuinely believe Dan hasn't got a bad bone in his body. I do feel Amber's in his ear, I think she's winding him up, and the reason she's winding him up, I think she's still got underlying issues with... with Chloe, not even you. She's never liked you, it is what it is, you don't like her. And unfortunately, Dan doesn't really have his own opinion about a lot of stuff and that's starting to get on my nerves. What is both of your problems? There's no point talking about other people's shit, just shut the fuck up. # The only way is up! # So nice. Lovely! Shush, shush. I can hear someone. As if they're having a couples retreat without us and we're the power couple of Essex! Oh, my God. It's beautiful. And the grounds. This is just mega. What are you two doing here? Are you two winding me up? Gatsby, Diags! Pretending you can't see me. This is a couples' retreat. Look at the plane, look at that plane. Ooh, this is nice. Come on! Are you joking? How many bags have you got for two nights? Yaz. Yeah? What is going on? What do you mean? Packed enough gear, or what? James, I am the hostess of this retreat, so I need to be prepared for every single occasion. Whatever. Gently, yeah. Oh! Oh! What?! You're good with your hands, G. I got excited. I think the key to petanque is it's all in the wrist. Petanque? Think it's French for ball. I'm the queen of the petanques. Yeah. Keep it plural, cos Tommy's only got two balls. Is that right? Where is Tom? He's been with the gate crashers. I've heard they're planning, erm, Gatsby's music video, so I think they're brainstorming or whatever they're doing. But I'm a bit confused why I'm here, because we've been together so long now. What is the key to that, G? Cos, obviously, you and Tom are, like, the reigning couple of Essex. I just think that it's about respect and understanding each other. And did you feel that from the off, like, you kind of just knew you was... on that page? It takes time. But then, it's just nice, because every year you get stronger and closer. We're a team and I think that's it. I think that's the secret. It's when "I" becomes "we". Yes. Exactly. And you do, don't you? Yeah. Cos it's so weird, like, as a person, you're single, you're used to being on your own all your life and you've gotta change a bit, cos you're like, "Ooh!" There's adjustment, you know? Mm. How long have you been together now? We're coming up to a year now, aren't we? Yeah. Crazy. Wow. That's lovely. It is, isn't it? Yeah, really nice. Do you reckon you'd have lived together this early on if corona wasn't here? Yeah. I think so. Do you? Dunno. It's hard to know, isn't it? It's been a strange one, but this old retreat's making 2020 a bit better, innit? I'm actually really enjoying the peace and quiet, you know? But the only thing is, like, part of me thinks, what else has Yaz got up her sleeve? Can it stay this calm forever? I think it's a really good thing that you've put on, for everyone. Well, no, I am gonna reveal it's a teetotal retreat. I think you've done so well. It's nice to hear people say, "You're looking better." You do. I think it's safe to say that I've come into your life this time round and changed you as a man. All the stuff we've been doing together has... has made me feel better as a person, and it's made me appreciate you more. It's nice when you're nice. I'm always nice. Here he is. Ah! Youse all right? Hello! S'happening, mate? What's going on? Well, I'm gonna leave you two to it cos I need to go prepare, so I'll see you in a bit. Go on. In a bit, Yaz. See you in a bit. What's going on, you all right? You good? Yeah, I'm all right. What's going on? You tell me. Seen your pal yesterday. Who's that, Pete? Pete. Wasn't too happy with you. What is he actually annoyed about? He feels like he... that you knew about him and Chloe and then you've still gone and done... He feels you sort of dogged him a little bit, cos even though he said that he wasn't really that into her, you still knew them two were cracking on, so it's obviously damaged his... his pride, his male pride as well. But, then, when I spoke to him the other day, I said "If I upset you at the time "or I done something wrong, I apologise", he could've just gone, "Well, all right, well, actually, you did." We could've spoke about it then. He's trying to, maybe, put it to the back of his head. Him and Chloe sort of rekindled something. I don't know what's going on at the minute, he hasn't opened up about it, but where they've rekindled something, and then when you've pulled him, he sort of wasn't too fazed by it, but he's gone away, had a think, and that's played on his head again. But I think that shows that my original reason for talking to him was right, because there is a problem there. I mean, look, if they're back to being mates again, then there's no reason why me and him can't be mates, surely. Oh! My cucumber's gone! Oh, God. Quick, everyone! This is not very relaxing, I've gotta be honest with you. This poor woman's re-hoofing my feet like a fucking horse. Pete! They're like tiny, tiny, tiny little feet. I'm surprised you can even stand up. They're not that small. How do you get about with them feet? Like a dog trying to drink out of its bowl! Why am I the only one getting stuff done here? We're letting you go first cos you're part of the sisters. I don't even know if I wanna be a sister any more after this. Well, to be fair, I think it's a bit weird if we carry on saying the sisters thing, cos sisters don't do things that we've done. Like what, Chloe? OK, you're all done. Oh, fabulous, thank you. So, come on, Pete, I think the facemask's done its job now. - Let's see the new you. - Oh, wow! Oh, my God. Whoa! Do I look really young? Fresh. Thanks. Appreciate that. Listen, can youse just carry on being like this forever, please? We're trying, ain't we? Yeah. I'm really happy for youse both. Yeah, I am as well. It's not nice when we're not talking and all that. It's crap, innit? When youse are like, not on good terms. Crap. So, now we're all good, does that mean I can see Nanny Linda now? Yeah, course. Cos I didn't feel like I could, really, when we weren't speaking. It would've been a bit weird. She has asked to see you. Fabulous. I'll be honest with you, I just... just, Linda's lot nicer than you three. Can I just start by welcoming you all to my couples' retreat? I invited all of you, you're my chosen ones on this retreat. How've Tommy and Georgia managed to swerve this? The first couples' exercise I've got, it's to say three things which you appreciate about one another. Go on, then. I am very grateful to you... because... you're a kind, loving person... you look amazing... Thanks. And... Three? Shit. Has to be three? Three's heavy, innit? You're not grateful, the fact that I took you back, no? Yeah. Oh, I'm grateful for that, yeah. There we go. There's your third. All right. Is that all right? Yeah? Yes. Amber, on to you. I'm grateful because you're really laid back, I'm grateful because you're really funny, and I'm grateful for your... Everyone's a winner! Love that. On to Bobby and Matt. I'm grateful for... Erm... You moving down to Essex. Us getting each other through lockdown. Yep, smashed it. That's a great one. And, finally, I'm grateful because you're... you're so kind and... ..and I love that. Oh! Aww. Matt's turn. Erm... I am grateful cos you always make me smile, even if I'm having a down day. You always cook me the most amazing meals and I'm grateful for welcoming me into your Essex world and your family. Oh! That was very nice. I'm grateful for the way you look after me. I feel like you really do make me feel secure and I'm grateful for the way you help me each day to become a better woman. - That was lovely. See? - Aww. OK. I'm grateful for... the way you look after me. I'm grateful for, well, putting up with me, because I am a nightmare of a person, I am an acquired taste, and I'm grateful for you giving me a second chance. Aw. I've never seen you be so nice! It's what happens at the couples' retreat. It's working wonders already, innit? Bang the grills in, bang the grills in. Get 'em in. You look like an old woman, man, they're falling out! I want energy. Energy, energy, energy! There, yeah? All right, gonna cue the music. Yeah? In three... Yeah. ..two, one. Cue! Whoo! Oh, man, man. Oh! Oh! No, it's missing something. It's missing something. Look at that, bruv, come on! # Gatsby's back, Bang, bang, bang, bang! # Bottles coming through, Bang, bang, bang, bang! # Oh! Go more, go lower, get the... Oh! That's it! # Bang, bang, bang, bang! # Bad boy! Come on, energy, come on! # Bottles coming through Bang, bang, bang, bang! # Come on! Oh-ho! It's fucking mad! Sorry, sorry, sorry. What in actual F is going on here? We've actually been hired to take care of it, the production. I know why she didn't think it was serious, because you didn't see the sparkler thing we had. We had a semicircle here of sparkles. Honestly. - That would've made the difference. - That, that is it You see them green things? They all got shot up in the air. Then it would've looked like a million pound deal As he said "Bang, bang, bang!" it went bang! Can I just say one thing, though? This is obviously the practice run, right? Yeah. # Gatsby's back, Bang, bang, bang, bang! # Nah. I've seen enough. I can't even understand what you're saying with them gold things in your mouth. You should be grateful for the excuse to miss the couples' session. Nah, you've all lost your heads. # Bottles coming through Bang, bang, bang, bang! # Bye, George! So is there anything that any of you would like to discuss? Maybe some areas that you would like to work on in your relationship? This is the perfect opportunity to get that out. Yaz, you do know you're gonna start a domestic here, don't you? No. This is not to start domestics, but, James, you can start on me. One, you're OCD. The house is too... like, too clean. You're washing a plate up before I've even finished my dinner, yeah? You then bath me like I'm five years old. Bath me. I don't like getting... I don't want to get bathed. Just bathing you. No, no... James is very tall and he says he can't reach his feet, so rather than having smelly feet in my flat, when he's in the shower, I scrub his feet. And the main event. Let's go. OK, Dan? Right. Would you like to go? I would say, sometimes when I get on your nerves you have a little bit of a bad attitude with me and... OK. ..I feel like you could work on that. One more thing is that, when I'd introduce you to someone you don't really know, sometimes you can be a little bit off, you're not very welcoming as I'd like you to be for some people. The first time I met you, I did think that. See? Little bit frosty. But we're here now and it's lovely, do you know what I mean? I don't mean to be, I just think it's, like, I do get quite shy, even though I've got quite a loud personality and I sort of act really confident. I probably shouldn't overthink situations, but I'm sorry if I made you feel like that. That's another one, you're an overthinker, but leave it at three. There we go. Leave it at three. OK. The lovely Amber? You're a tidy person, but, like, you're messy. When you shave all your beard, you leave like, a whole black furry mess on the floor by the mirror. OK, yeah. I do do that. Apart from that, I don't really have much other things. Bobby and Matt? D'you know what? I... Even though we're spending more time together than we did before you moved down, maybe it's not as quality time as we're used to, because I'm hardly ever at home, and then when I have, say, one day off a week, I feel... Tends to be when I'm away. I guess, maybe, communication. Yeah. Have you got anything? Just, if something is irritating you, just... tell me straight away, instead of, you know, maybe letting things build and then, boom! Yeah. # Hold on to happy... # Oh, no! I won! I won! Just give me a... ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. Yaz, what have you brought us to? This one was for you. This is for shy people. Yeah, because we know you're extra shy. Extra shy and extra frosty. It's laughing therapy. Just go with it, Amber. Bit more. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. George, where's Tommy? Oh, he's with Diags and Gatsby doing Gatsby's music video. Breathe in the air. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. Great stuff. Eyes on Gatsby? Hello? Is this on? I'll do it myself. And... Action! Oh! Girls, I'm ready! What time do you call this? I'm spinning the wheels. What's going on? You missed it hun. Oh, what do you mean, I missed it? I won. Meaning you're late. I love the fact that you've bejazzled the helmet, though. It took me a couple of hours. I lost track of time. Oh... So, who won? Me! I didn't think I was gonna. You are joking?! What? You didn't win? I know. She came last. I actually thought I was going to win this cos I'm competitive and I've took it so seriously. I'm actually gutted that I come last. What happened? It was nice, though. It cheered me after the other day. Basically, Saff, I've always been really worried about, like, my fertility, so I was talking to the girls the other day and I went to have the test. Oh, you did? How was it? Was it like the thing that they shove up? There's like a, a long thing that goes inside you and they're swooshing around... Yeah. ..and it was just a lot. I wished my mum was there, cos I was thinking, "Ugh". When do you get results? Two weeks. That's the thing, as well. You've got to wait two weeks. Yeah. I feel a bit silly talking about it, cos I know people are probably like, "Whoa, you're not actively trying to have a baby, "so why are you even thinking about it?" I don't think so. I think what you're doing is like amazing, you know, like... Yeah, it's very proactive. Everyone has that fear of not... I don't know if I'm going to ever, ever have a kid. It's scary. It's such a scary thought. The thing is the more you stress, the more it's, it's not good for your body, because I was like you, Chlo. And I think there's so much pressure around women... I know. ..because the first question, do youse get this? But it's like, "Well, when are you having a baby?" Yeah. I know I'm fertile. I have had a miscarriage before and that is 1 in 4, and I didn't know that at the time. I thought, "Oh, my God, what is wrong with me?" I think women need to talk about it more. Wait for the test results and then... Yeah. Yeah. I mean, hopefully the test results are fine and I'm, you know, and it was just all a worry. It's done now, so... What's PMA mean? Positive mental attitude. Positive mental attitude. Let's get you some champagnes, you can spray it as the winner. Woohoo! Winner, winner, chicken dinner! I can't believe I didn't win. Thank you. You're welcome. Thanks. Hello. Hiya. You OK? Yeah, good. You? Yeah, I'm good thanks. I've got you a hot chocolate. Oh, my favourite. I know you like it. You remembered. Yeah. Love a hot chocolate. Let me try it. I feel like this is like the first time we've actually been around each other and been all right. Hundred percent. Yeah. It's weird. I know. I feel like we look so different now, as well. Well, I mean, we've got different faces, since the last time we sat here with each other, but... Do you recognise me? Not really! Yeah. No. It's nice. I'm glad I did come, because obviously I really want to make it work with us two, because, like, you was like my childhood bestie, like... Yeah. I just find it so hard when I keep hearing that you're talking about Ella, and obviously, youse are arguing again... Yeah. ..and it's just put me in a shit situation. Kels, I made up with you because I wanted to... Yeah. ..and I'm not here to bash Ella to you at all, I'm here to catch up with you. Me and your friendship and the love we had for each other runs so much deeper than my argument with Ella. I just wanted to make it clear today that you, like, won't talk about her again. Never. My priority is making things right with you. Yeah, no, definitely. It's lovely that you've come and met me. I know. I'm glad I did. Yeah. I'm glad you come, too. What do you reckon about the laughter therapy? I never heard of it before, did you? I've actually done it before. And did it help? Yeah, I think it... yeah, I think it does help every now and again. I wouldn't say I sit there in my room and start going "Ha-ha-ha-ha". Oh, my God, I thought I could hear someone getting ready laughing. Yeah, it was me next door, yeah. That was you, combing your hair, laughing. I'm quite happy in general, George, do you know what I mean? I'm happy, ain't I? Yeah, you are. I'm just here trying to make peace. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I know, yeah. I'm trying to spread peace and you know, er, make people make up and make the group less awkward. Yeah, I know, yeah. And er, bringing the group back together, which, er, someone destroyed. Yeah. I did destroy that a while ago, yeah. Do you regret destroying the group? Looking back, I don't think in my 30 years of being alive there's anything that's caused me more drama than that whole situation with Chloe. Listen, we don't want to bring up the past, but I think sometimes we have to talk about it a little bit to move on. Yeah. I think at the time, you know, you did say, "Fuck Pete", but that's fine, you weren't friends with him, and at that moment, your goal was to get Chloe. Yeah. I did say that back then. I don't think, personally, I would've said it in a really horrible way, being serious, going, "Yeah, you need, really need to fuck Pete off". I'm glad that you're not denying it, because Chloe now thinks where you're playing everything down, it makes her look mad. She did take it on her chin. She couldn't say her full truth. Cor, and I didn't? I've took a lot on the chin since. This is what I'm saying, I'm not trying to deflect the blame onto anyone, it's just, it's, it's so frustrating, the whole thing. I'm not like sitting here denying loads of stuff. I'm not. I'm glad you're not, and I'm glad you're, you're... So you're taking ownership of the things you said. I just think that you and Pete are never, you know, going to sort it out until you and Chloe are all right, cos now they are a pair, you know. George, I know what you're saying and you just want to end this whole thing and it to be easier, and believe me, so do I, but I can just tell with Chloe that it's a very sore subject still, there's some raw feelings there, and I don't feel like it's, it's right for me to, to go and speak to her. I don't. I don't think it's a good idea. Is this thing on? Yeah, yeah, I can see you. I can see you from that. Can you see me, over? Yeah, er, it's gone off now. Turn it back on. Mate, you don't need to use that when you're next to each other. Shh. Tommy, ETA on the dancers, ETA on the dancers. So you've really got girls coming? Yeah, yeah. We've actually got dancers, definitely. Look Gats, this is how you know it's serious. Jeeze! Yeah. OK. OK. OK. Can I just ask one serious question? Is it the 31st of October today? Why is my man dressed like it's Halloween? What are you on about? He's wearing a robe in the fucking nightclub. You're, you're questioning me on my sense? I do what I want, bruv. I'm behind the camera, so it doesn't matter. I'm quite happy that you're behind the camera. Listen, f-first problem, a teeny one. So we've got the steering wheel, yeah? Malik, man. We've got the steering wheel, but it come with a whole dashboard, yeah? I said get... just get the wheel! One of my bars is, "Took a real quick flight to the States, "Beverly Hills, I'm skrr'ing." Like I'm driving down Rodeo Drive, bruv. Yeah. Skrrt-skrrt. Do you want to know what else he's pulled out of the bag? Remember you asked me to do you a little favour? Remember you said you fancied someone featuring? We're talking about platinum selling... Multi-award-winning... Worldwide renowned... You didn't?! Look behind you. Mr Ed Sheeran. What?! Yes. Ed... Sheeran. Well, that's some BTEC Ed Sheeran, bruv. No, it's not. That's Ed. Oh, that's Ned Sheeran, bruv. Nope. That's Ned Sheeran. - All right, guys? - All right, Chlo? All right? Why are you dressed like a toddler? I'm so confused what's going on. A toddler? This is... I'm a director. That's the director outfit? Director's hat. Is he indirectly mocking the whole thing? Well, at least your make-up's going be done professionally. Come on. That's what I'm talking about. Let's get you into make-up. Diags, fix up mate. Bruv, listen, yeah, I feel like you're taking this as a joke. I'm not taking this as a joke. Does it look...? Bruv, honestly, jokes aside, this is serious to me. Come on Gats, calm down, have a cup of tea, get your make-up on. You weren't saying that when we had the sparklers out. I don't think he's going to like the dancers, man. That's all we've got. # Have you ever met A real rock star...? # All right? Yeah. What are youse talking about? Basically, I'm trying to make everyone make up, but now talking to Dan, he should've just been, you know, honest with Pete and said... No, I was honest with him, I was honest with him. No, but you said you played it down. But, yeah, all right. Remember it's awkward cos Amber's here, but at the time, Amber, he literally, his main focus was to get with Chloe, So, and listen, none of liked Pete at the time, I admit that. I said, "Fuck Pete." Everyone said, 'Fuck Pete." You wanna get everyone together to sort of squish things but she's the one that's brought it up, not Dan. But where Dan's opened the can of worms by talking about Pete, unfortunately the comment, "Fuck Pete" was to Chloe, so that brought Chloe into it. Chloe hasn't just decided to come into the scrap? I always try to make everyone friends again, because I loved the group before, but the reality of it is not everyone's gonna be friends, and that's just the way it is. Right I'm gonna go and get a drink. Sweet, George, bye. See you later. See ya. See you in a bit. Why are you talking about Thailand, bringing it up again? It's become an issue of what I said back in Thailand which is getting... Why is it getting brought on to what you said? It's not about what you said. You're saying you never got on with Pete, but you slagged him off at the time. Pete's trying to shift the attention away from him and Chloe, to shifting it back on to you. I don't get why he's saying what YOU did is a disgrace, isn't what he did just as much of a disgrace? I'm sorry that me speaking to Pete has brought this stuff all up and you have to hear about it again, cos I know it's not nice and our relationship at this moment don't need it. Mm. Yeah? Like we've got things to look forward to, some things maybe at the moment just, just can't be fully resolved. But we can just focus on us and, and move forward. I'm looking all right, you know. Yeah, you look fresh, Gats. Looking decent. Thank you, you're the best. You're welcome. This is just, I love it. Can you see all the fish in the lake? I'm not a fish guy. And mark it. And playback. And angry, Gatsby, angry, ready and action, action. Action, action. Action. Anger, anger, anger, anger. Anger. And I'm gonna come over to Ned... what's happening? And then you gotta cross me, Gats, you're gonna cross me, and we're following, we're following, we're following, and we come forward. Chuck that away, you don't need that, you don't need that, you're happy now. That's it. yeah. # Gatsby's back, bang, bang, bang. # Bottles coming through bang, bang, Bang, bang. # Curly big back, they get banged, Bang, bang. # That's it, back up, back up, back up, and now, get it off, get it off, get it off. Bang, here we go and that's it and now money cannons, Dancers sexy, our dancers. Sexy. Oi! Sexy arse. Sexy arse. That's it, that's it, here we... Gatsby. Cut! Cut! I shout cut. Cut! cut! Bruv, I'm taking out my grill for this. Bruv, you having a fucking laugh? What? Bruv... D'you not like it? Yeah, firstly I wanted girls. Yeah? Yeah? Well, look you sound ungrateful. What? What do you mean? You lot fucking think this is a joke, innit? What?! That was uncalled for, weren't it? No, fuck both of you, man. But why?! Fuck all of you. That was dangerous. We still getting paid, Diags? Yeah, we'll think about that. Thank you, had a hard day. There we go. So, what did you think? I think it went really well, do you? I loved it. Coming out here and having a few days just away from everything, you forget about all your troubles, don't you? I can't believe we went to bed at, like, 10 o'clock. I know, but I feel better for it. I've been going to bed early, getting up early, you know, you've got, you can enjoy the day more. Mm. With the constant, you know, partying and going out, it wasn't good for me. You have really made such an effort to work on yourself, I do see such a positive change in you, and you are truly the man I've always wanted you to be. And I appreciate you saying that, but I couldn't have done it without you, so thank you. No, thank you. I feel like this time round it just feels so different, and I feel, like, for once in my life I feel really content, and I, I can really see us going the whole way. I really do think you are the one than I'm probably gonna spend the rest of my life with. Well, I knew than, anyway. I, I wanna be official, like, together. Yeah. So, we are official, yeah? Yeah, we're official. Boyfriend and girlfriend? Yeah. Lovers? Lovers. You know, soul mates? Soul mates... Come on. ..the whole thing, love you. Love you. Mwah. Go on, I'll let you treat me to dinner. I'll drive, then, I suppose. Yeah. Ridiculous. Diags. How'd it go, you good? Nah. What? He didn't like it. Who... What, he didn't like your directing? Not really. Why, why'd you look so down? All right, admittedly the dancers were Tom and Harry. The thing is we blew the budget on Ned Sheeran. Lookalikes are really expensive. How you been anyway? Um, yeah, I'm all right. I've been fine. Um... Dan was gonna come... Yeah. ..but then he's found out that you was coming, and he sort of swerved it. Guilty written all over it. Yeah. He didn't, er, he didn't, really, yeah, he didn't really fancy going back all over stuff he said. So... It's not going over stuff, Diags, he's made a statement basically calling me a liar, and I would have liked to have had a conversation with him, because he said I've taken his words out of context. Yeah. At the food fair, if he'd have just turned round and said, "I hold my hands up, I did say that, it was snakey", me and you wouldn't be having this conversation. I wouldn't need a conversation with him. Yeah. Clearly he's hiding stuff from her still... Yeah. ..because if he didn't, he would rock up here today and have the conversation with me, d'you know what I mean? He's saying it's being misconstrued. He said to me he doesn't, he's not trying to accuse you of lying, he's saying he said it as in a jokey way, like, "Oh, go on", like, "Fuck Pete off". You can't take them words out of context, you thick prick, just fucking admit it. I don't feel that you need to justify yourself, though, Chlo, I really don't. But I do, Diags. I don't think you do. I don't think anyone's seeing it, anyone who knows you, or anyone who knows the situation, I genuinely do not believe that you have to justify yourself for anything. I would like to not be thought as, as a liar. That comment that Dan said, does not make you look like that. I think it just makes Dan look like what he normally does, where he backtracks and he does things, that's all it does. Don't let a, a comment by Dan Edgar get, get... rile you up and piss you off. Every, every... It does rile me up because it's not just Dan Edgar, then it goes to Dan Edgar and he comes as a two, with Amber. Look, he's, he's not gonna face it. It's Dan, he's not gonna do it. D'you know what, this time last year I wouldn't have said anything, because I was weak, and I was vulnerable, and I was upset, but I'm back to myself now, and I'm not having no-one talking about me in any kind of way. If he wants to have conversations with people and he wants to try and twist my words, then he needs to face me. Either that, or shut up and stop talking about me, it's one or the other. Cos I will hunt him down, Diags, I'm telling you, I'm being deadly serious. # I'm wicked as they come... # Loving the R and R. I feel like proper just peaceful. Zen. No, it's been really special, ain't it? Been some strange activities. I mean that laughter one was absolutely bonkers, weren't it? Mm. But, no, it's been nice. Yeah. It's lovely. And I've really enjoyed it. After last night when you said if there's ever anything that you want to say just tell me in one of your points. Yeah. Kind of really got me thinking and... ..obviously we're coming up to, like, our year anniversary, and that. I know. ..and we've kind of had the maddest of years. We got so used to that fake bubble we was in, and I think a lot of couples, it was make or break for 'em. Yeah. Whereas now, what I've noticed was pre-lockdown our quality time was so much better... Yeah. ..even though we only saw each other at weekends or where we could, we appreciated each other more. Yeah. And although, in theory, we're spending more time together now, because you've moved down... Yeah. ..it's not quality time cos I'm not there, I'm doing my thing, you're on your own and... I don't want us to get to a stage where... ..we, we kind of... ..we lose what we've got. Do you know what I'm saying? Before, when we did see each other, it was really special and magical, and we were really excited, and I just feel like we've come a bit complacent and, you know, maybe that, is what happens but, you know, that's what this couples' retreat is all about, I guess. For us, what we're probably best doing is... going actually, let's go back to the beginning... Yeah. ..you go back to Reading. Yep. Just press the kind of reset. # Let's delay our misery... # It's the only way I can see that we're gonna... keep... Progress. ..progress it and keep appreciating each other. If we don't do something about it, we're, we're gonna run the risk of really fracturing the relationship. Yes. Same. We'll go back to reality and we're, we're gonna make it work. # Tomorrow I'll be gone... # These are for you. Aw. Sleeping with Ella's ex, I do know it wasn't right. If you was an alien what would you say? Well jell. There has been things playing on my mind with Yaz. It's almost like it's a toxic friendship. I shouldn't have to feel like this. Feel like I'm on eggshells. If I was such a horrible person, why are you begging to be friends? Why are you friends with me? What's going on with Harry? Bad times are starting to, like, overwrite the good times. At this moment in time, I don't see how we're gonna get past it. I thought you was gonna reach out to me and, like, tell me you love me, and you miss me, and you haven't. Subtitles by ITV SignPost 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 