Trial & Error: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Trial & Error 
 s1e3 - The Other Man - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Trial & Error (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Other Man - full transcript 
 After coming up bust on a match to the DNA found in Larry's bedroom, Josh and his team discover a "sex print" on the wall that leads to a shocking new suspect. Meanwhile, Josh gets sloppy and inadvertently gives a piece of damning evidence to the Prosecution.r. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 _ _ This case has been a roller coaster. On the one hand, we just found evidence that Larry's wife, Margaret, was having an affair before she was murdered, giving us a potential suspect. You will notice that I found samples of semen in the bedroom. Male semen? On the other hand, Larry is... is probably the least stable 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 rollercizing poetry professor in the world, and I'm concerned with how he's handling the news. On the third hand, today we go to visit his dead wife's grave for the unveiling of her headstone. I mean, I-I-I may need more hands for this guy. _ Oh! This is awful. Margaret would hate this. I told them a million times, she would've wanted calla lilies at her grave. She hated tulips. In fact, she despised nothing more in this world except for possibly racism. It went racism, then tulips. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Aw, shoot. Hey, that's that detective who was there the night that Margaret died. What was his name? Something with an "R". I'm thinking Rupert. - Rutger Hiss. - That's not it. Roger Bentman. Dwayne: I hate Rutger Hiss. - Hey, Buzz. - [Scooter whirs] Dwayne: He was my captain when I was a cadet in the East Peck P.D. He was not what you would call nurturing. This is Rutger Hiss. Cadet training exercise four. - [Stun gun crackling] - Aah! Mother[bleep]! Expect the unexpected! To this day, I still... cannot use the restroom with the door closed. Hey, Anne. I thought we agreed that you'd sit this out because of your whole thing where you laugh inappropriately. I don't know why it's not affecting me. Maybe it's because we've talked about Margaret's death so much. Maybe I'm cured. Hey, isn't your grandma buried in this cemetery? [Laughs] I was holding her when she died! [Laughs] I saw the light leave her eyes! [Laughs] Hey, Dad, who put tulips on Margaret's grave? [Sighs] Clearly someone who wants to torture me. Okay, don't be paranoid. I'm sure it's just a simple mistake. I chose tulips specifically to torture Larry Henderson. After all, he killed my baby sister. Plus, tulips are my wife's favorite flower. Pastor: Before we unveil the headstone, would a loved one of Margaret's like to say a few words? - I would. - I would. Mr. Davis, why don't you do the honors, seeing how you paid for everything... and didn't kill her? Jeremiah: I have a lot of influence around here. My, uh, tobacco company provides a lot of business for this cemetery. Margaret, rest in peace. We will find your killer. And we will make him pay. Pastor: What beautiful words. [Camera shutter clicks] Uh, don't you want to take a picture of the grieving husband? "Sister and friend." I'm not even mentioned! - Dwayne: Oh, there you are. - Oh [bleep] synced and corrected by susinz *www.addic7ed.com* You can do it, Anne. You're a professional. All right. Margaret was thrown out of the window and died a violent [Laughs] You got further that time. - That was good. - [Door opens] All right. Where are we on the DNA of the semen? - Semen. - "Semen." It's just... It's always a weird word to say. You know, I feel the same way about the word "studdedly." Great. Dwayne, tell the pathologist we need the DNA results today. Once we have a match, we'll know who Margaret was having an affair with. But, more importantly, we'll have another suspect to take the heat off Larry. Without which... we're stuck with this. Oh, no! By the time they advertise Pumpkinfest, they're out of tickets. Oh, that is... Well, good l... good luck, Dwayne. - And studdedly he's gone. - [Door closes] [Bell jingles] Can I help you? Yeah. I'm Carol Ann Keane. I'm a prosecutor. We've met like seven times. Oh, that's right. You've got that weird thing where you can't see people's faces. Oh, it's not weird at all. A lot of famous people have it. There's the actor with the hat and the newscaster with the scarf and the actor with the hat. Well, looky here. What is this? Hey! What are you doing here? Ah, it's very clever. I see you heard I was coming over, so you put up a fake case board. [Scoffs] Joke's on you. That board's real. Yeah, well, uh, thank you, Dwayne. Would you please come in to my office? Mm-hmm. I just came over to give you this. - It's the murder book. - [Door closes] As you know, I'm obligated to give you all the evidence we have on your client. Careful, it's heavy. It's not... heavy. You just gave it to me weird. Oh, and as a bonus, I put a little section in the back summarizing your experience in murder trials. - [Binder thuds] - [Sighs] It's blank. Well done. Admit it, counselor, you are way out of your league here. No, you are, as you'll soon discover when you see the giant bombshell we're about to drop. You talking about your DNA expert? Certainly not. Why? How did you know about that? Small town. People talk. [Whispers] People whisper. What's happening? [Sighs] By the way, I find it very suspicious that the assistant D.A. would come all the way over here just to drop off a murder book. Well, actually, I came over here on other business, as well. - Hey, Anne. Anne, Carol Anne Keane. - Oh. Hey, listen, I want Pinky here stuffed, put in a little rocking chair reading a book. Oh. I think that is an adorable idea. No, it's not. That is a horrifying idea. - [Bell jingles] - Have fun stuffing my pig. You know, this is a law office! Josh, that was the pathologist. The DNA does not match anyone in the police database. Why are you smiling? I'm picturing that guinea pig reading a book. Shoot. That is adorable! I'm here with Rutger Hiss, the man who arrested killer Larry Henderson. What are your thoughts on the case? Speaking as a man who is happily married to a nine, I just think that if you're married to someone like Margaret Henderson, who was an eight and change, you, um, don't mess with a dude. - Unless he's a legit 10. - No, you don't. What did I ever do to Roger Bentman? - Absolutely nothing. - [TV turns off] Josh, if I'm executed, can you be sure to have these calla lilies planted around my grave? Unless they're not in season, in which case you can either substitute orchids or have my execution pushed until the spring. Whatever's easier. Larry, you're not going to be executed. Look, I know this is difficult, but we really need to focus on who Margaret was having an affair with. Anne and I are gonna keep looking for clues upstairs, just as soon as I'm done with my business. I wasn't kidding about that door-open thing. It was real trauma. So, think, Larry. Who could she have been sleeping with? I'm telling you, it's unfathomable. Margaret and I shared everything. She would have told me if she was having an affair. Plus, Lord knows she would have dressed better. Then all evidence points to you as the murderer. Then I'm the murderer. - I'm not. - He's not. Did you ever notice her even flirting with someone else? Josh, I'm a very private person and you keep asking me these very personal questions. What is that? Well, it's because you're on trial. Well, it certainly feels that way. If you want me to open up, this needs to be a two-way street. I don't know the first thing about you personally. That's not how friendships work. - This isn't a friendship, Larry. - [Door opens, closes] This is an attorney-client relationship. - Hey, what's going on? - Hey, Summer. Your dad's just asking me personal questions. Dad, leave him alone. I don't even know if you're seeing anyone. Uh, yeah. What is up with that? Fine. I was engaged to another lawyer at the firm, and it ended badly. Did you kill her? So, like, a cheating thing? You guys, like, totally over each other? It just didn't work out. Josh: Amy and I were happy for a while. But, ultimately, it turned out we wanted different things. I wanted to raise a family in the suburbs. And she wanted to have hand sex with a bartender with a lip ring. One of us got what we wanted. You're too trusting. Here, I've got something for you. I'm the same way. We're very similar, you and I. I'm not seeing it. That is so something I would say. You can't fool a poet, Josh. Come here. Losing a fiancé. I can't imagine dealing with that kind of loss. Thank you, Larry. It's like looking in a mirror. Here. "Live, Love, Words." It's no longer in print, but it used to be required reading at the local college. Because he taught the class. I'm sure that's just a coincidence! This slim volume contains all of life's lessons. You'll find many insights about dealing with a broken heart. Also the vagina. Thank you. I will keep this somewhere private. Hey, found some evidence in the bedroom. Oh, great. So, while dusting for prints, we uncovered this mark. Now, we have reason to believe that it is a sex print. A what? A footprint left in the act of lovemaking. We believe it was placed there by whoever was sticking it to Margaret. - Dwayne. - Sorry. Whoever was sticking it to Mrs. Henderson. Okay, but isn't that footprint up a little high? That's what we thought, so... Anne and I tested our theory. Now, for the purposes of this demonstration, I am Margaret. And I am the mystery lover. Ugh, you like it rough, don't you? I do. I like it rough. [Both breathing heavily] Oh, you are a dirty girl. I am. I'm Margaret! Well, that doesn't sound anything like her. She was completely silent during lovemaking. I want it! I'm gonna give it to you. Mnh! - [Foot thuds] - Mnh! - Oh. - Oh. Josh: Hey, all right. Stop, stop, stop. So, clearly, it can be done. The problem is, is that we can't I.D. anyone off of this because we don't have a footprint database. Because I can't recognize faces, I overcompensate by focusing on other body parts. Do you see this abnormally long pointer toe? I would know that foot anywhere. [Whirring] There he is! Hey, Rutger. Expect the unexpe... - [Stun gun crackling] - Aah! [Bleep] Mother[bleep] - Dwayne. - Oh! What an ass[bleep] I saw his toe, though. Josh: This is unbelievable news. The person sleeping with Larry's wife was the lead detective in her murder investigation. Things could not be going better for our team. Dwayne: Oh, God! Just as soon as Dwayne regains bladder control, we're gonna celebrate this one. - It's never gonna stop. - Let's grab some more towels. [Raccoon chittering] Larry: I'm devastated about Margaret's affair. The worse thing is, Margaret never told me about it. We prided ourselves on being open about such matters. Of course, we had other issues. She hated that I never emptied the dishwasher, and there were times that I wished she had a penis. Look, I'm sorry all this is coming out about Margaret. But as bad as this news about Rutger is for you, - it's good for your case. - Who cares about my case? The man came into my house, made love to my wife, and then put his foot on my wall. There are certain lines you just don't cross. Come on, Josh. What would you do? You're exactly like me. Not exactly. But I would... I would listen to my lawyer, who is telling you that nothing good will come out of confronting Rutger. Hey, where are you going? To... get some fresh air. Don't you trust me? Of course I do. ♪ You've been runnin' all over town ♪ - [Door opens] - Keep an eye on Larry for me. ♪ You better put your flat feet on the ground ♪ - Got him. - That's Josh. [Gasps] Now I got him. Uh, excuse me. Do you hear that? What's that noise? [Imitates explosion] I just turned your lead investigator into a suspect. Rutger was my lover. Wow. That kind of ruins it for me. Yeah. We dated on and off for about five years. I was waiting for him to leave his wife. He always had a ticky-tack excuse, like, "Oh, it'll destroy my career." "I can't do that to the kids." "My wife has a debilitating disease." Those don't sound ticky-tack. Don't judge me, counselor. This town has a very shallow dating pool. Especially if you're like me and you rule out first cousins. It's one of the few costs of living in a small town, but I have learned to deal with it and move on like a grown-up. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm sorry. I-I didn't know. If it makes you feel better, I just broke off an engagement for that exact reason. Really? You were cheated on? Probably 'cause you're softer than a possum belly. I'm definitely not soft. Then why don't you fire your team? I mean, come on. You've got an assistant who can't recognize faces, and your lead detective is searching for tissue paper with his drawers around his ankles. Little help? I'll have you know Anne is the one who identified Rutger. Mm. And Dwayne is... my date for Pumpkinfest. Shoot. I was supposed to go to that with Rutger. Now I'm gonna be alone on the most romantic day of the year. Oh, God. Can't believe I trusted that son of a bitch. I've also been told I'm too trusting. If you believe Larry Henderson is innocent, then you definitely are. Okay, you hold on right there. Look at that face. Is this the face of a man capable of murder? And what is that? It is a book of poetry. It's either over my head or it is really bad. But I can tell you, this man definitely did not kill his wife. We will see. Here's to finding someone worthy of our trust... possum belly. [Inhales deeply] [Shot glass clinks] Jeremiah: I will make sure that whoever killed my beloved sister will be brought to justice. Heidi: That was Jeremiah Jefferson Davis with an eerie warning that made me uncomfortable. - [Bell jingles] - [News theme plays] Ugh! Is that bone saw extra loud today? There is no bone saw. Oh, boy. Hey, do you know where my dad is? I got home at 3:00 in the morning, he wasn't there. No. I left him at the bar with Dwayne and Anne. Where were you till 3:00 in the morning? I had a Tinder date. Not the app. A guy took me to a clearing, and I watched him burn wood. The town has a really shallow dating pool. Okay, we need to find your dad, because now I am actually very concerned that he tracked down Rutger - and did something stupid. - Shh! You're gonna wake Larry up. I kept an eye on him just like you said. - [Sighs] - He tried to leave, and I grabbed him, and I stayed with him all night. He was not happy about it. Thank you, Anne. Larry. Aah! - Oh! - [Bleep] Anne, that's not Larry! Okay, that makes sense now. Josh! Come here! I'm here with prosecuting attorney Carol Anne Keane, who claims to have a bombshell in the Larry Henderson case. How does she look so good? She did like 50 shots last night. I have here one of Mr. Henderson's poems from before he started killing his wives. - Oh, no. - [Clears throat] Oh, no. - Oh, no. - "Shards of glass, a shattered window, into the life we tried to live, blood that never dries." Oh, that does not look good. Who are you? Josh, how did she get that book? Okay, I may be too trusting. Getting me liquored up so that you could steal evidence? Really? Is that what you need to do to win your case? Well, it's not my fault you've got the tolerance of a 9-year-old girl. - [Scoffs] - Actually, scratch that. My niece is 9, and she could drink you under the table. You know, I know you think you've got me pegged, but you don't know me. Oh, I think I do. I think you're a boy who's out of his league. You've got no case, no experience, and, worst of all, I'm in your head. [Sighs] Maybe you're right. I did believe you when you said you were looking for someone you could trust. And there was a moment last night... [sighs] when I thought that Rutger Hiss has got to be the dumbest guy in the world. Here he's got this smart... interesting, gorgeous woman, and he blew it. And I thought to myself, if I could ever get lucky enough to get a girl like you, I would never... let you out of my sight. Now I'm in your head. Damn it. That is adorable. [Door opens, closes] [Bleep] Any word from Larry? No, but I just found this note. "I've gone to right a wrong. P.S.... Please tape 'The Tonight Show with Roger Bentman.'" What is it with him and that name? "Right a wrong." Do you think he went to find Rutger? No. I know where he is. The calla lilies look nice. I knew Margaret would never rest well knowing that she was surrounded by tulips. I mean, getting murdered, then tulips? I don't know what's worse. Probably the murder. How'd you know I'd be here? I don't know. [Chuckles] I guess I'm starting to get you. Oh, not many people do. And now, one less. I was referring to Margaret, because she's dead. I got that. I was a little worried that you were going after Rutger. I remember wanting to kill the guy who was seeing Amy. But I didn't. I didn't go to Rutger's because you told me it was a bad idea, and I trust you. I'm not sure you should. I got sloppy. I let Carol Anne Keane pull one over on me. She read a rather incriminating poem of yours on TV. What?! My poem was on TV? W-What did people think? That you killed your wife. Well, did they say anything about the meter? I'm really sorry, Larry. It's okay, Josh. I still trust you. You still trust me, don't you? Of course I do. [Knock on door] Dwayne: Josh asked me to go to Rutger Hiss' place of residence in the event that Larry is there. Now, seeing how Rutger is my nemesis, I am prepared for a battle of biblical proportions... like Moses versus Voldemort. [Doorknob rattles] I have been shocking myself with a stun gun in order to build up a tolerance. Check it out. - [Stun gun crackling] - Aaaaaaaah! Mother[bleep] [Bleep] you! [Doorknob rattles] Hey, Rutger! Expect the unexpe... Oh. He's dead. Holy... - [Stun gun crackling] - Aah! Motherf... synced and corrected by susinz *www.addic7ed.com* 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 