Trial & Error: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Trial & Error 
 s1e6 - Secrets & Lies - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Trial & Error (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Secrets & Lies - full transcript 
 As Josh focuses on his new suspect, Larry insists on taking a lie-detector test to help prove his innocence, but the results drop a bombshell on the case and the family. Dwayne briefly becomes a hometown celebrity as the man who found an arm in the lake, and the team gets a surprising new benefactor. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 _ _ We have two weeks until the jury selection, so it's really important that we keep our momentum. A trial is all about momentum. That's what rollercizing is about, too... momentum. And grace, with just a dash of humility. I love those Mo-mentos candies. You put one in a soda pop, turns it into a missile. Yep. That's how this one went. You guys heard me say "momentum," right? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [Doorbell rings] [Sighs] [British accent] Sorry I'm late. I had to go to the dentist. What did I miss here. - You're talking in English again. - [Normal voice] Am I? [British accent] I have something called Foreign Accent Syndrome. Sometimes after I have anesthesia, I wake up having a strange accent. Anne's now British. Why not? That's why I don't go to the dentist. With the trial coming up, we need to amass as much reasonable doubt as possible. So we're going to focus on our new suspect, Jeremiah Davis, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and our new possible murder weapon, a 7-iron. [Bleep] We're still hoping to find Margaret's DNA on it, but unfortunately, the lake it was pulled from serves as an overflow pit for the Davis Tobacco & Candy Corporation, and it is filled with toxic chemicals. On the bright side, the chemicals are also the reason that the severed arm Dwayne found in the lake was so well preserved. I am so sick of talking about that arm. That arm is the best thing that ever happened to me. It's finally my time. Almost everybody in my family has had some kind of fame. My uncle got half his face ripped off by a bear. My granddad got hit by a train and lived. Not well, but, you know, it made him a star. I never had much attention because I was always just the smart one. [Chuckles] The best thing we got going is that our anonymous benefactor left us a clue as to her identity. And it's subtle, but I think I figured it out. [Doorbell rings] Hey, guys. May I help you, love? Why are you talking like Adele? She got it at the dentist. Isn't that fantastic? Did you guys see the news? Uh, what's happening? Ooh, I hope it's not about my arm. I understand you have a potential game-changer in the Larry Henderson trail. Well, you know, I don't like the term game-changer. It's not a game when a woman dies, and nothing has changed. Larry's still a murderer. That being said, it is a game-changer. We discovered this damning admission after reviewing dozens of hours Mr. Henderson recorded for a little-watched public access show in 1987. _ Yes, I admit it, I'm not to be trusted. I'm a huge liar. But... It was followed by a "but." They cut me off. Larry Henderson is 100% guilty. Okay. Let's take some calls. Your on, East Peck. Hi. Uh, I think Larry Henderson is a great guy, and you should let him finish his sentences. What is your name, sir? My name? Uh, Fairbanks Delacourt. - Who? - Uh, uh, Winston Lovelace. Got to go. Love the show. synced and corrected by susinz *www.addic7ed.com* Carol Anne realizes she's losing momentum, so she wants to try this case in the media. She's playing dirty. Oh, she is a dirty... dirty girl. Josh. Huh? Yes! Anyway, we need someone to get those tapes from Carol Anne Keane so that we can go through them. We need to find that clip, we need to put it into context - so it's not so damning. - Okay. I'll do it. I just have to cancel my date with Clanton. [Scoffs] Clanton. You still seeing that pyromaniac? He's not a pyromaniac. He's a volunteer fire... starter. - [Scoffs] - He keeps me warm. Just, like... You know what, just leave me alone. [Normal voice] Aw, poor girl. Hey, accent's gone! I'm back to normal, Josh. It's Dwayne. Does everyone in this town think I'm a liar? Not everyone. Half the office believes in you. Half? [Sighs] I need to clear my name. Maybe I should take a lie detector test. [Bleep] no! That's a bad idea. Because if you pass... When I pass. Carol Anne Keane would never allow it in court. - And if you fail... - When I fail. Wait! I won't fail! You know I believe you 100%. But there's just no upside in taking this test. Fine. I won't take the test. And neither will Fairbanks Delacourt or Winston Lovelace. Damn it! - [Bottle clatters] - Oh! Where am I? Hi, Mrs. Davis. You're in our office. - Did... Did we, uh... - No. Can we? Why don't we talk in my office? Thank you for... for financing our case. But I'm confused as to why. Are we alone? Ish. My husband has done some bad things. Did he kill Margaret Henderson? I cannot say. But what I can say is... [Gulps] Oh, God. That's... Oh. Just follow the money. Check his bank account. Whoa! [Grunts] Oh, hey, Anne. Hey, Dwayne! Heard about that arm. Congratulations. Sherman, don't jinx it. I got two more days before it's mine. In East Peck, if no one claims a body part within two weeks, you get to keep it. But I can't get too excited, because I have been here before. I, uh, I found a toe once. I had it for 10 days before someone came to claim it. That's the hardest I ever cried. Sorry, Dwayne. That was bad form. I should have known better. What can I help y'all with? Is Jeremiah Jefferson Davis still a customer here? Well, let's see. Yep. Yep, sure is. We're doing an investigation, and it would be great if we could take a look at... Well, now, hold on a minute, guys. I know this is unconventional. My wife is in labor. I got to scoot. Y'all mind locking up for me when y'all leave? - No problem! - Seriously? Go... Go ahead. He just left us alone in the bank? Josh, look. You'll find this interesting. It says here someone recently accessed Jeremiah's account one minute ago. That was you. You can't trust anybody. It also says that Jeremiah transferred $250,000 to a Mr. Jitt Munger one day before Margaret was killed. - Guys? - Aah! What was I thinking? We were just checking on the... Can't lock up without a key. Just leave it under the fake rock out front. [Cow moos] So you think this is Jitt's place? I do, Dwayne. Why would Jeremiah give this guy $250,000? I don't know. Stranger things have happened in this case. Well, I take that back. Hey, you're the guy on the news that found my arm. [Bleep] What business did you have with Jeremiah Davis? I'm not talking till I get my arm back. Dwayne... Give the man his arm. How do I know it's his? What did it look like? Like this one, but left. Damn it. Come on, all of this is for the one interview my dad did for the public access show? Mm-hmm. And you can't just tell me which one of the tapes - the quote is from? - Nope. If I had to suffer through watching all of them, so do you. Get ready for the most tedious day of your life. Around hour 16, a moth flies through the studio. It's a godsend. Well, I look forward to every minute. You ever think about switching teams? [Chuckles] Okay, I'm flattered, and I did have a fling in a youth hostel in Copenhagen. I meant joining the prosecution. You're a smart girl with a neck like a swan. Surely, you have some doubts about your father. Absolutely not. He adopted me when I was 2 years old, and no one knows him better than I do. And, by the way, even if I were gonna switch teams, you would not be on my list. We'll see. It's a small town. You'd be surprised who gets on your list. We're done, pussy cat. Fine. Here it is. You want to see it one more time? No. Get it out of my sight. I don't love it anymore. You hear that, arm? We're through! Okay, so why did Jeremiah pay you $250,000? I'm done talking. You haven't started talking. I can't say anything about the money. Wait, you have a prosthetic arm. Yeah. If you can find someone with no prints on their left hand, that's your killer. You realize what this means? Yeah! He's got three arms! How is that fair? I'm still learning how to use it. When I was in Turkey back in 1977, I came upon an old man... a Kurd with a woven basket full of withered jackfruit. To understand the significance of this moment, I-I need to take you back to 1973. Oh, where the hell is that moth? The bloody handprint with no fingerprints at the crime scene must have belonged to Jitt. That means that the $250,000 that Jeremiah paid him was for a hit on Margaret. I appreciate that you're trying to take my mind off the arm. Dwayne, I know some day... hopefully later today, you will appreciate how big a break this is. If we can prove this Jeremiah theory, we will finally have something that takes the spotlight off of Larry. I must say, this was a surprise. I just can't sit home while my name is being dragged through the mud over and over again. I'm not blaming you, but a lot of it seems to come from the local media. I promise I will be fair. You are in a safe place. Thank you. Man: We're on in three, two, and... We're here live with violent murdered Larry Henderson, who, as we all know, brutally killed his wife, Margaret. Nice to have you on the show. Nice to be here, Heidi. This whole thing is one misunderstanding after another. For instance, in the tape this morning, you cut me off right after I said "I am a liar." How did you put that up there so fast? You see, I'm being portrayed as such a bad guy. Stop that! This is why everyone thinks that I'm a liar. That's why I wanted to take a lie detector test... to prove myself. So you would be willing to take a lie detector test? Yes, I would! Coming up in the next hour, we'll have murderer Larry Henderson strapped to a lie detector, answering the question, did you kill your wife? Nice job, Larry. Yeah, I felt good about it. Josh: Excuse me, Mr. Davis! - [Gunshot] - Damn it! I almost hit that eagle. You made me miss. What do you want? Do you know a man named Jitt? I know a lot of men named Jitt. You'll have to be more specific. He's got three arms and you paid him to kill your sister, you son of a bitch. Whoa, Dwayne, what's going on? I feel like I got nothing left to lose. I didn't pay Jitt Munger to kill Margaret, I paid him as part of a very generous settlement for losing a limb at my tobacco plant. Well, we are going to check up on that because that is a real bummer for me and my alternate theory. I got a question for you. Do you have any other limbs lying around your factory? I'll take a finger at this point. Son, contrary to what you may think, I have nothing to hide. But I know someone who does. This number is a safe deposit box. I think you'll find the contents very interesting. Do you have a key, or... Just bang the wall. It'll pop out. Hey. Don't think about leaving town, 'cause I will come after you, and I will find you. All right, stand down, Dwayne. No, he thinks he's above the law. Ain't nobody above the law. I have no idea where you get that from. [Gunshot, wings flutter] In all fairness, sir, you are hunting in a park. Well, there are so many things that inspire me... art, nature... light, dark, ocean, cosmos... nature, dark. Man: And yet you can't have experienced all the things you've written about. Yes, I admit it, I'm not to be trusted. I'm a huge liar. But... through my art, I find a higher truth. In reality, I'm one of the world's great truth-tellers. Yes! Ah, that's it! That's the quote! Oh, God! Okay, it's tape 14. Take it to Josh. If I hurry, I can still make my date with Clanton. We're making s'mores... in a hallowed out Fiat. Let's welcome Stanza Awardwinning poet Claudia Ramirez. I assume you've met. Not before today. But her poetry has stirred the cockles of my heart. You're quite the cockle-tease. Claudia: I have been warned about you, Mr. Henderson. Hey, that's you! Dwayne, this interview is from like 29 years ago. I don't think I've ever seen eyes that color. They're moss. I think that could be my mom. [Door opens] May I help you? It's josh. Why are you still here? Oh, I tried to leave, but the customers kept coming. I just approved a small-business loan. Great work, Anne. Listen, I need to get safety deposit box 213. I'll be right back! You know, they say rates are supposed to go up. Now is the time to refinance. Thanks, Anne. This is Josie's. And, wait, these are all letters that Josie wrote to Larry. Let me see. There's no postmark. That is a federal offense. Oh, it's okay. I just gave a mortgage to a 14-year-old to open a yogurt store. I'm already in neck-deep. "I hope one day I'll have the courage to send this. You're the most exciting man I've ever met in my life. The thought of your giant hands on my..." Wow. This got real dirty, real fast. Josie was in love with Larry. That means she had reason to want Margaret out of the picture. Anne, I don't want to jinx this, but this is rock-solid momentum. - [Laughs] - Oh. - Hello? - Josie: You've got some nerve pulling that kind of horse[bleep] with me, Counselor. - What are you talking about? - Turn on the television, you [bleep] We're going to ask some questions just to establish a baseline. How tall are you? 6'8" in skates. How about not in skates? I would have no idea. He's telling the truth. [Bleep] All right. Now the big question. Larry Henderson, did you murder your wife? His answer after the break. You're doing really great. Sorry about all the murdering stuff. Eh, it's what's in the air. Larry, stop! As your attorney, I'm advising you not to answer anything. Heidi, you have no authority to subject him to this test! Actually, I do. He signed a release. Oh, I signed it good. You're really kind of tying my hands here, Larry. As assistant district attorney, I'm advising you to stop this test, or... Can you just give me a second? I ran all the way over here. I'm sorry, Josh. I know you don't want me to do it. And, Carol Anne, I know you're only doing your job trying to execute me, - which I respect. - Thank you. But I need to clear my name. I want people to know the truth... once and for all. We're back. Let's go. Three, two... We're back live with murderer Larry Henderson for the moment of truth. Come on, Larry. Oh, my goodness. You don't want him to take the test because there's a part of you that's afraid he may have done it. Why don't you want him to take it? Oh, my God! There's a part of you - that thinks he didn't do it! - That's nonsense. - I'm not nervous at all. - Me, neither. Larry: I'm not a liar. Okay, Larry. For the hundreds of people watching at home, did you kill your wife, Margaret Henderson? I did not. Gus? He's telling the truth. [Bleep] Wow. That was exciting. [Sighs] Holy moly, that is some freaking momentum. Does it matter? It's inadmissible, and you know it. Only makes me want to fight harder. And now you'll have to. See you in court. Oh, yes, you will. We should probably let go. I already did! - Larry. - Larry: No, no, no, no! I know what you're gonna say... You're proud of me. No. I was going to say never, ever do something that stupid again. But, wow, did it work in our favor. I'm proud of you. Thank you, Josh. You've got to see this. It's a hoot! - Ask me anything. - Okay... Are you my biological father? What? What... What kind of question is that? Ask me if, uh, I like your outfit. - Actually, ask me something else. - Josh: What's going on? Just answer yes or no. Are you my biological father? Of course not. You know I adopted you. That registers as true. Okay, well, then there's something wrong with your machine, because I saw those tapes, okay? Claudia Ramirez. She looks exactly like me. And I saw the way that you looked at her. Dad... don't lie to me. All right, yes. I'm your biological father. Huh. That's true also. Let me explain. It was 1987... the heyday of poetry. Your mother and I were so beautiful and verbose. We had one night of passion, and then she disappeared. It's true. I was already married to Adelaide or I would have married your mother. That's a lie. Oh, I-I didn't even know you existed. And then your mother came back after two years and said she couldn't take care of you. I adopted you so Adelaide would never know about my infidelity. And that is the only lie I've ever told you. Hold it, wait a minute. 1987? So I'm 29? You told me I was 27. Okay, two lies. Trust me. - I can't trust you. - If you lied about this, then... who knows what else you've lied about. [Doorbell rings] Summer, it's Dad. Please, can you please call me back? [Sighs] I've lost my daughter. I know what you're going through. I lost my arm today. It's true what they say... I can still feel it. Larry, I know this is hard, but she'll come around. In the meantime, we have got some great news. We have another suspect. Josie? Why is she a suspect? Actually, it turns out she was in love with you. She was? And real gross about it. Well, that's some nice news on a cloudy day. Josie emptied out my bank account and ran off. You behind this, Henderson? No. But I'm so sorry. I know how much you loved your money. Do you have any idea where we can find her? My guess... a long, long way from here. My wife is a very bad woman. Josh: In a murder trial, things can change in an instant. [Tires squeal] Just when you think you have something, it's taken away. Fortunes rise and fall quickly. Heidi: There is no new news in the case of murderer and lair Larry Henderson. The only thing we do know is that he did it. And you don't always know who to believe. [Bleep] But all trials have momentum, and I know that when the door closes... a window opens. I know what I said. Don't make it a thing. Carol Anne: Am I worried? No. No, I know I'm on the right side. Thou shalt not kill. And with the good Lord's help, I will find a way to put Larry Henderson to death. [Knock on door] I think I have doubts about my dad. synced and corrected by susinz *www.addic7ed.com* 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 