Trial & Error: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Trial & Error 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Trial & Error (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Telephone ringing] _ _ _ _ _ _ [Telephone beeps] _ _ _ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Larry Henderson, a local poetry professor at Carolina's own East Peck Community College was arrested today for the brutal murder of his wife, Margaret, who was found dead in front of a plate-glass window. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The murder has sent shock waves through this otherwise sleepy... - [Gasps] There he is! - Man: Sir, sir! Heidi Baker, WPFK News! Mr. Henderson, do you have anything to say? Yes, I didn't do it. I-I wouldn't hurt a thing. Please, watch my dog. He's all I have left. - Officer: Watch it. - Woman: Did you do it, sir? Aww, what's your name, little fella? [Dog yelps] [Tires screech, siren wails] synced and corrected by susinz *www.addic7ed.com* Jeremiah: Larry Henderson loved my sister, and because we believe in Larry's innocence, we've decided to finance his defense. As my grandpappy said, "You ever find yourself on the wrong side of the law, you hire yourself a... Northeasterner." They just seem slyer than the rest of us. Josh: Nope, I've never been to this part of the country before, but I am super excited to be here. My boss sent me down to prep the case because... well, he's a huge attorney and he didn't want to. Anyway, a murder trial is a great opportunity for me. I get my own team, an office. Apparently they're sending a car for me. Kind of feels like I've arrived, and my bag has not. P.A. Announcer: Welcome to the East Peck Regional Airport. Hey, think that's me. - Josh Segal. - Oh, hey, there. Dwayne Reed. Funny, there's a drug store called Duane Reade in my building in New York. Huh, guess there's something for me to see if I ever get to New York. A few other points of interest, but the drug store is nice. Mind if we swing by the office? I'm supposed to meet the lead investigator. New York said they hired East Peck's finest. Well, that quote was from me about me. I'm your lead investigator! I know everybody around here. I used to be local P.D. until I retired. You look kind of young to be retired. Yeah. There was... an incident. It was a routine traffic stop. License and registration, please. I thought my vehicle had been apprehended. [Gunshots] Turns out I left it in neutral. Woman: Don't point that at me! [Bleep] The rest is YouTube history. So, I rented us a place smack dab in the center of Main Street. We're next door to a taxidermist? Dwayne: Even better. So, what do you think? Whoa. [Grinding] What is that noise? It sounds like a saw cutting through bone. Yep. You get used to it. I... [Loudly] I don't even hear it anymore! [Normal voice] So, let's meet the rest of the team. Josh, this is your assistant and head researcher and intern... Anne Flatch. She's the best of the best. - Hi. Nice to meet you. - It's great to meet you, Anne. I have to be at court in an hour for the bail hearing. Can I get all the files we have on the Henderson case? Also, could you please check with the airline about my luggage, and maybe lose some of these dead animals? I like the way you talk. Do I have an office? Just past the albino muskrat. [Clears throat] Oh, [bleep]! [Clears throat] This is gonna be nice. Corner office. With a window. Aah! [Bleep] We're gonna keep that closed. Anne, I'm getting a strong formaldehyde vibe. Is there a fan around... May I help you? Josh. We met 45 seconds ago. Anne: I have something called facial amnesia. I can't recognize anyone by their face. It's completely blank. Does have its perks. With my husband, it's like sleeping with a different man every night. I do recognize penises, though. Dwayne, when you said team before, is this the whole lineup? Yep, just you, me, and Anne. [Saw grinding] Great. I'm gonna head to court to meet Mr. Henderson. Mr. Henderson. Hi. I'm Josh Segal. - I'll be representing you pre-trial. - Hello, Josh. We're gonna get you out of here as soon as we can. How you holding up? My cell mate is a serial rapist. That said, he keeps an immaculate bunk, keeps to himself, and is gluten free, so he gives me all his pastries. Uh, let me clarify. Terrible human being, terrific roommate. So, what's happening now is the arraignment. - This is not the trial... - You realize, of course, that this whole thing is absurd. I loved my wife. After lunch, I was waiting for the cable guy to show, so I went into the yard to roller-cise. You mean roller skate. No. Roller skating is for children. Roller-cising is a very graceful form of self-expression. Well... It's much easier when you're not shackled. It... It must... It must be. So, I came back inside... and found Margaret dead. I'm so sorry for your loss. And we'll get into all that before you testify on the stand. The icing on the cake... cable guy never showed. Or maybe you won't take the stand. Larry: That's Margaret's brother. Oh, thank you. Hi. Josh Segal, Defense Counsel. I was expecting someone older. I'm just prepping the case. My boss, Mr. Mankiewicz, will be down here for the actual trial. But you are, in fact, northeastern? Yeah, I'm... I'm from New York. And your parents? They're also... Northeasterns? Ah, yes. My father... was born northeastern, and my mother is from Arizona, but she converted to northeastern-ism. Larry, you're in good hands. Shalom. Hi. Josh Segal, Defense Counsel. [Southern accent] Carol Anne Keane. I'm sorry, is it Carolyn Keane or Carol Anne Keane? Carol Anne Keane. I'm still not getting it. Is it two names or three? Carol Anne: This case is a huge opportunity for me. I'm running for District Attorney of East Peck, and there are some people in this town who might not be ready for a female D.A. So I need to be a touch more assertive. You know, that way people will remember my name. Your Honor, the State would like to request that bail be set at $93 million. [Laughing] What?! That is absurd, Carol... ine King. And Your Honor, Mr. Henderson is a menace. He killed his wife, and he injured that poor little puppy dog. Oh, great dog. I'm glad Margaret wasn't alive to see that. Your Honor, clearly my client is under duress. He's not a flight risk. We request that bail be set at a reasonable number... say $10,000... as a gesture to a man who has been a perfect citizen. So, bail was set at $7 million, which considering we started at $93 million, I'm putting that in the win column. Should I make a win column? No, but we are gonna crack this case. Write down "The Trial." Here we go. Josh: Okay, great. So, first, I think that you spelled "trial" wrong. I also suffer from dyslexia. - I'll change it. - Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no. Dyslexia is a very common disorder. Certainly more so than your face thing, so let's leave it. Now, the victim was killed by going through a plate glass window. We need to come up with a plausible story for what could've happened based on the evidence. So let's go, fire away. No such thing as a stupid suggestion. Suicide! Dwayne: That was my first thought, too. But I tested the theory. This is Dwayne Reed, testing suicide theory of Margaret Henderson, take one. Aah! Ugh. [Bleep] [Scoffs] Dang. Okay, what else could've happened? Except Larry throwing his wife through the window. Anything, huh? First idea that pops into your head. Bird. Birds fly into windows all the time. Should I write it down? Sure. Other ideas? _ Maybe we should get some lunch. What do you guys feel like? Thai, Mexican, sandwich, fried chicken. We could have a picnic. Okay, we... are having Thai. Mm... B? Larry: Knock, knock. Josh: Larry! You're out on bail! Meet the dream team. Ah. Just, uh, wanted to see how it's going. I hear they may be going for the death penalty. That's just legal posturing. We're working on your defense as we speak. Fantastic. Let's see what we got. Hey. Now, Larry, I just want you to know, very early on in the process. I'm gonna die, aren't I? No! We're off to a great start. Trust me, huh? You are not going to die. Thank you, Josh. Larry, have a great day, okay? Can I help you? He may die. C. Man: Order up! I can fix your face. Wow, that is surprisingly mean. You have a stress crease down the center of your forehead here. Oh. You know, I'm actually not very good with people touching my fa... ce. I'm studying to be an acupressurist. - Wow. - I'm Summer. Josh. Can I buy you a cup of coffee? Oh, no, thanks. I just read that coffee has mycotoxins that can kill you. [Slams mug] But if you want, I'll sit and watch you slowly die. I'd like that. [Chuckles] You must be the new celebrity lawyer in town. I guess. How's the case going? You think he did it? Between you and me... he's kind of a kook. This is my first murder case, so as long as I just get it to trial, then it's good for my career. How about you? What brings you down here? I'm in town to help my dad. He's accused of killing his wife. But his lawyer's never tried a murder case before, and between you and me... [Sighs] ... he thinks my dad's kind of a kook. [Groans] Enjoy your coffee. [Bleep] Ooh. Maybe the guillotine. That's not a bad way to go. Quick and French. How about a good old-fashioned hanging. [Laughs] Stop it. No one is dying! Oh, honey, it's gallows humor. I lost the love of my life. There are subtle reminders of Margaret everywhere. [Doorbell rings] Summer: I'll get it. Oh, hey. Glad you're here. I have a twin who's in town saying awful things. There he is. The man who holds my fate in his hands. Josh, have you met my daughter, Summer? - Actually, we... - Nice to meet you, Josh. Come on in. I made a delightful paella, and we're talking about how I'm gonna die. You'll know this. Can you make your own final meal? I'm on a low-sodium diet. I'll file a motion. That's my guy. Thank you so much for covering for me. I didn't do it for you. I did it for my dad. He's been through enough with Margaret dying. Why do you call your mom Margaret? She wasn't my mom. He married her five years ago. Larry adopted me when I was a little girl. He's supported everything I've ever done. When I decided to go into acupuncture, he was my guinea pig. He still hasn't regained feeling in his left hand. [Skin sizzling] He's never once complained because he loves me, just like he loved Margaret. Josh: That's our defense. Larry Henderson is a devoted husband and father. He loved his wife. There's no motive. I feel very good about this right now. Hey, man. Dwayne, I'm kind of in the middle of something. It's urgent. I just talked to my brother, works for the police department. There's been a big break in the case. Why didn't you call me? I wanted to keep it private. - What's the big break? - I don't know. My cousin wouldn't tell me. I thought you said he was your brother. Oh, he is. He's also my cousin. My dad... He was messing around with my mom's sister. Did your brother-cousin give you any idea what it was? Nope. He's kind of a dick. Summer: Dad, you're on TV. Heidi: There has been a twist in the Larry Henderson murder investigation. Apparently Mr. Henderson wasn't the faithful husband he appeared to be. That's nonsense. WPFK has learned that Larry's cellphone contained over 200 texts to this man...  Alfonzo Prefontaine. Well, he's my trainer. You know how important fitness is to me. We recovered these photos taken from a surveillance camera in the gym. That was a leg day. Easily explainable. That's a bit harder to explain. I loved Margaret. She was my best friend. It's just that sexuality is fluid, and sometimes my fluids go towards men. Our family-man angle took a hit. On the plus side, the airline found my bag and they're shipping it here, so we're gonna build on that luggage news and get some positive momentum going. - What do you think? - Sounds great. What do we do about the gay murderer? Dwayne, remember? Defense. - May I help you? - Josh and Dwayne, and we are building on positive momentum here. Oh, good. Something horrible has happened. Excellent timing, Anne. What? A man stopped by. He was very angry. Do you... Did you get his name? No, he was yelling and... and I got nervous. Do you remember what he looked like? Of course. Here you go. All right, well, we know he has no face. Look, son, I was in the army. I know a thing or two about male camaraderie. What Larry and that other fella was doing was more than horseplay. I've never seen my wife so upset. I understand, sir, and... and I empathize. But you... you can't pull your money out of the case. Oh, I'm not pulling my money out of the case. I'm donating it to the prosecution. When you've been in the tobacco business as long as I have, you learn a thing or two about killing people. Larry Henderson is gonna pay for what he did. I have bad news. Jeremiah has... stopped financing your father's defense, which means my firm is no longer being paid, which means my boss won't be representing your dad. Okay. We don't need your boss. We have you. I appreciate your confidence, Summer, but I cannot do it myself. I've never tried a murder. Trust me, your dad can do a lot better than me. With who? Some court-appointed lawyer who thinks I'm a kook? Kook is a strong word. I'll never get a fair trial in this town. I need someone who believes in me, like you. You do believe in me, right? That's not really the point. Do you believe in me? [Sighs] Well... I believe in you. Whoop! Coming through! Hey, man. What you looking at? Crime scene photos. They just came in. Look at this. What are these stripes on the floor around the outline of Margaret's body? Those are Larry's roller skating tracks through her blood. Anne: [Laughs] I also suffer from involuntary emotional expression disorder. Sometimes I react inappropriately when something awful happens. I found out when I was a little girl and my grandmother fell off a balcony and landed on our car. [Stifling laughter] [Laughs] Well, hold on now. When the police arrived, Larry was wearing his roller skates, but push in here. There's a bloody print on the wall across the room. But the skate marks end here. So, either Larry killed her, took off his skates, walked across the room, then put them back on and skated through her blood... [Laughs] My bad. Or... Someone else was in that room. Which means... I don't think he did it. What's this supposed to mean to me? It means you don't have a case. Well, all I know is Larry Henderson is a known homosexual. As far as I know, being gay isn't a crime. Well, perhaps you ought to brush up on the laws in this county. Because the Buggery Act of 1789 has never been repealed. Huh. Mm-hmm. You're not gonna convict him on a 225-year-old law. It's an issue of character, and I bet you I can find 12 men and women who feel the exact same way. Why do you even care? Because we're talking about a man's life. Why don't you head on back to New York, counselor? It's not your problem anymore. Actually, it is. And it's gonna be your problem, too, because I'm staying. Oh. Well, in that case, you're welcome to spend the night with me. You should know the Buggery Act is seldom enforced. No! No. Absolutely not. Josh: I believe in Larry. I know it's hard not to look at him, but I need you to check over this timeline again for me, okay? And I happen to be his best chance for a fair trial. Beware of the buck. So I told my boss I wanted to stay. Hey, we need to veer away from the goose. He said if I did, I'd be on my own. But then I realized... I'm not on my own. Watch out for the muskrat. I'm working with East Peck's finest. Thank you, Anne. We're back in business. And we can't have any more surprises because if I lose this case, I get fired. And I die. Anne: [Laughs] [Clears throat] Now, think, Larry. Is there anything else that might incriminate you? Nope, can't think of anything. Hey, I just got off the phone with my brother-cousin. He says there's a new break in the case. Turn on the news. In a WPFK exclusive, we have just learned that Larry Henderson's first wife was killed after being thrown through a plate glass window. Very little is known about...  Okay, I can think of one thing. [Laughs] . Do I like the term "accused murderer"? [Sighs] If I'm being honest, I do not. I did not kill my wife. I mean, back in the day, I was known as a "lady killer." [Laughs] But I'm out on bail, I have a great legal team, and the support of my friends and neighbors. And now, if u'll excuse me, heart disease is the real killer. ♪ Don't rock the boat, baby ♪ ♪ Rock the boat ♪ Morning, Mrs. Kratt. Hope you die, wife killer! Do I think Larry did it? Absolutely not. I mean, sure, there have been some surprises... like he was having an affair... with a man. No judgment. And his previous wife died exactly the same way as his current wife. Little judgment, but I still believe in him. And thankfully, I have a great team. Those are Larry's rollerskating tracks through her blood. [Laughs] Sometimes I react inappropriately when something awful happens. A good team. We need to veer away from the goose. I have a team. Okay. Today is the preliminary hearing. That's where the prosecution's gonna lay out their case as to how they think Larry murdered Margaret. Our job... Is to say how we think he killed her. [Clears throat] No. We need to come up with a plausible theory that doesn't involve Larry killing anybody. Oh, well, that's harder. It is. Anne, can you erase the board, please? Okay. Can I just say how excited I am to have this job. I promise, I'm going to do my best for you. Thank you. [Clicks tongue] Can you erase the board? Of course. It's just that nobody's ever given me an opportunity like this. I remember when I was a little girl, they told me, "You'll never work in an office." Well, how you like me now, Pastor Bronson? How you like me now? Why don't I erase the board? Okay, why don't we write down everything we know about the case, right? I'm gonna make two columns... "good facts" and "bad facts." Start with the bad facts. I got one... childhood obesity. My nephew's 6 years old and weighs 200 pounds. That kid barely fits on a tractor. That is a random awful fact. Let's stick to the case. Okay. Larry Henderson's a gay murderer. Bad fact. No. Good fact. No. The gay part is irrelevant and the murderer part is not a fact. I'll go. Good fact... we found a bloody handprint on the wall at Larry's house! If we can find out who that belongs to, that puts someone else there at the crime scene. Bad fact... if we can't, Larry Henderson may die. [Laughs] Wow. This is my first time in court without my boss backing me up. You don't need your boss. You've got the dream team. [Chuckles] We won't let you down, Josh. Thanks, Anne. [Gasps] Oh, my God! Oh... Dwayne, what happened? She's dead! [Screams] Thank you for asking. I suffer from something called Stendhal's syndrome. Whenever I see something beautiful, like a piece of art, I get so overwhelmed I pass out. It's a real thing. You can look it up. [Metal detector beeps] Hey now, Dwayne. Hey now, Clarence. Hey now, Anne. Hey now, Clarence. [Metal detector beeping] Hello. [Metal detector whines] Oops. You know what that is? It's my lip balm. That's a bomb? No, not a bomb, a balm. Like an emollient, a moisturizer. I'm a lawyer. My lips get dry when I talk a lot, like now. [Metal detector beeps] Excuse me. I'm late for a preliminary hearing. Hi, Clarence. Hey now, Carol Anne. You know what, Clarence, we're actually going to the same hearing. Whoa! What do we have here? This is a real beaut. Thank you. My niece got it for me. .38 kept jamming. I told you, you got to keep it clean. I know. Good luck at trial. Thank you. I can't let you through with this. ♪♪ Well, security took away my rollerskate wrench. First I lose Margaret, now my wrench. [Sighs] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 