Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers: Season 2, Episode 16 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers 
 s2e16 - A Wolf in Cheap Clothing - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers (1988–1990): Season 2, Episode 16 - A Wolf in Cheap Clothing - full transcript 
 Dale's is convinced that a werewolf is committing robberies! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ ♪ Sometimes some crimes ♪ ♪ Go slipping through the cracks ♪ ♪ But these two ♪ ♪ Gumshoes ♪ ♪ Are picking up the slack ♪ ♪ There's no case too big ♪ ♪ No case too small ♪ ♪ When you need help, just call ♪ ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale's ♪ ♪ Rescue Rangers ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ ♪ When there's danger ♪ ♪ No, no, it never fails ♪ ♪ Once they're involved ♪ ♪ Somehow whatever's wrong gets solved ♪ ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ ♪ Rescue Rangers ♪ ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ ♪ When there's danger ♪ ♪ No, no, it never fails ♪ ♪ They'll take the clues ♪ ♪ And find the wheres and whys and whos ♪ ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ ♪ Rescue Rangers ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ ♪ When there's danger ♪ ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ (barking) (growling) (whimpering) It says he was robbed by a wolf. Aw, don't believe everything you read, Muldoon. (sniffing) Hey, this was supposed to be a cheeseburger. Monterey Jack, could you please chomp a little softer? Yeah, we're trying to listen. Sorry, mates. Hard to be quiet when there's cheddar in the air. But it says some guy saw a hairy beast with huge fangs right near here. Aw, it's just a full moon. Brings out all the weirdos. Full moon? Beast? Werewolf! It's a werewolf, see? It's just like in my comics. Will you be quiet? That's just a silly comic book. Silly? Comics are informational. Dispatch:  Attention all cars in the vicinity of Lankershim and Cahuenga, wolf reported robbing a residence. -A wolf? -See? -(sirens blare) -(tires screech) And then I heard this strange howling. And the next thing I knew, this huge beast leaped through the window and ran upstairs. Come on, Muldoon. Looks like we're playing dogcatchers. Come on, Dale. B-But, there's a werewolf up there. You read too many comics, Dale. Now, come on. Easy on Dale, Gadget, there's plenty of stranger things in this mouse's world than a-- (growling) Werewolf! Man, that's the biggest dog I've ever seen. And it has a pretty expensive appetite. Wowie, a real werewolf. There's no such thing as werewolves. And I'll prove it. (howling) Where's Dale? I want him to see this. Knowing Dale, he's probably off reading his horror comics. Well, it certainly looks like a wolf's hair. Crikey! Dale was right. It was a werewolf. Don't be silly. It's an ordinary wolf, not a werewolf. I knew that. Uh... But why would a wolf want to steal jewels? Maybe we can find out when we visit the wolf at the zoo tomorrow. (grunting) What's all this? Wolfsbane. It keeps werewolves away. Pee-yew, that would keep anyone away. That only works in comic books. Oh, yeah? You don't see any werewolves in here, do ya? The burglar's fur seems to match your husband's. Oh, dear. I knew he was up to something. But a thief? (snoring) The last couple of nights I woke up and Harry was gone. Gone? How'd he get over the fence? I don't know, but every morning he'd be back inside just like nothing happened. And the other morning Harry came home with this! You see? Werewolves always rip right out of their clothes. Have you talked to him about it? He says he doesn't remember. But he's so worn out, he sleeps through the whole day! It's all a mystery. That's okay. Solving a mystery is what we like best. Right. But could we wait until after the full moon to solve it? (Harry snores) Nothing like a game of cards to pass the time on a stakeout. (howling) Yeah, thanks, pally. If somebody is gonna grab Harry tonight, he'll have to get past us. I still say we could have waited until after the full moon. Really, Dale. You can't believe those horror comics. There's no such thing as a-- (howling) (snarling) -Werewolf! -Werewolf! That's how he gets out. I told you, I told you, I told you. Let's go! A break-in! It must be Harry. Better check it out. No sign of Harry here. Good, let's go. (howling) (howling) Is that Harry? I told ya, he's a- a- a- a werewolf! More like a wolf-were. I've never heard of a wolf turning into a man before. Whoa, ho, ho! Looks like this place could use a little pest control. Harry, what are you doing here? Picking up some decent threads for a change, babe. But you can't have those things. You're an animal! Ow! Haha, you know it. A party animal! (howls) Wait! You can't just walk out like this. Oh, you're right. I almost forgot. My boutonnière. (laughs) Guess it really does only work in the comics. (howling) (chewing noisily) This is too terrible to watch! His table manners are worse than Dale's. (patrons gasping) Old Harry sure is wolfing it down. Course, I guess that's natural for him. Okay, Harry, you've had enough to eat. It's time to get back to the zoo. Chip's right. You can wait there until this thing wears off. Shh. I can't be seen talking to chipmunks, so why don't you just chill out? (snarling) Ew! A wolf! A big bad wolf! (howling) It's that-- that whatever it is again! He's not getting away from me. Come back when you have some money. Gee, what's that guy so sore about? I mean, I gave him free passes to the zoo. Come on, Harry, please? We gotta get you back to your family. Uh-uh, no way. The night is young. Gadget: Wait! You can't just take this car. Why not? Well, for one thing, you don't know how to drive. Never too late to teach and old wolf new tricks. (honking) (crashing) (howling) (siren wailing) Slow down, slow down! Watch where you're going. Relax, I'm a human. I can drive this thing with my eyes closed. (loud honk) (loud honk) (tires screech) Ah! That was another wolf! Lookit! Crikey, it is a werewolf. That means that Harry-- All: Harry! Help! It ducked into those trees. See any sign of him? (both shouting) Well, it's about time! Sorry, guys, I should have buckled up. Golly, is everybody okay? Monterey: Yeah, fantastic. That ride was like dancing with spit on the griddle. (groaning) Can we do it again? (chuckles) (groaning) Did you see that other guy? I told you werewolves was real! It certainly looked like he was changing into a man. Right, at the same time poor Harry was turning back into a wolf. Sounds worth checking out. (growling) Both: Harry! (howling) What could have brought a wolf to the city? Well, this one has a taste for the finer things in life. We think someone trained it to rob homes. Oh, poor Harry! They'll take him to the animal shelter. You guys have to get Harry away from those guys and take him to the zoo. Righto, Chipper. Piece of cheesecake. Dale and I will track down that, uh-- Werewolf! Uh, garlic and mirrors? Oh, that's for vampires. Aw, shuckins, there's just no way to cure a werewolf. I mean, a wolf-were, or-- or-- Hey! The tracks lead to Professor Nimnul's laboratory. Aw, he can't help. Mad scientists are only good for Frankenstein monsters. (laughs) Yup, it's Professor Nimnul, all right. Come on, let's see what he's up to. Here I sit on the treasure trove of stolen loot, and the police are out looking for a wolf. (howls) And it's all thanks to my little metamorphosizer. (sighs) Oh, I'm such an animal. Oops! Mustn't let any get away. I'd be howling mad. (laughs) (howls) (growls) Hey! Oh, you'd like to get your Tasmanian claws on me, wouldn't you? (growling) Well, here, you fur-brained devil! Take your best shot. Huh? What? Nimnul is crazy! (growling) (barking) We're not so tough now, are we? (yelping) That's what's changing Harry! Yeah! I'll get the bunny's metamorphosizer. (growling) (screaming) (panting) Why don't we get this one first? Would you mind changing us back first? I'm feeling a hair puny. I'm not sure we know how. Uh-oh. Thank you. So this is what made Harry a man. And Nimnul a wolf. Hey, what's that? (gasps) My metamorphosizers! Give them here, you vermin! All right, maybe a human is too clumsy to catch a chipmunk, but let's see how they fare against their natural predators. (all barking) Attaboy, Zipper! You're the best lockpick I know. Great, at least something's going my way. Uh-oh. (squeaking) Zipper's right, lad, this is no time to be caught with your pants down. Aah! Excuse me. Thank you. Where'd he go? I don't care. Let's just get out of here. Looking for a way out? (laughs) (growls) Aha! Not so easy to lose a wolf, is it? So where are those miserable rodents? Gotcha! (laughs) (muffled grumbling) My metamorphosizer! It's smashed! If I can't replace it, I'll be stuck as a wolf forever! Dale: Yoohoo! Oh! (spluttering) (whistles) (spluttering) (howling, yelping) -(Tasmanian devil growling) -(Nimnul yelping) One Ranger glider coming up. Maybe Gadget can use these to keep Harry from changing. Both: Rescue Rangers, away! Oh, Harry! You're so... pink! I know, Harriet, but I'm still Harry at heart. So it's these things that bring out the man in Harry and the wolf in Professor Nimnul. Right, both of them have to be holding one. Crikey, if he wanted hair, why didn't he just buy a toupee? Nimnul turned into a wolf for his robberies and when the police got close, he turned back into a human to lose them. So Harry must be wearing one of these. (squeaking) Found it! It's up here behind his ear. Gadget: Just leave it there, Dale. We don't want to break it until after Nimnul turns him back into a wolf. Oh, I don't like the sound of that. Nimnul can't turn him back. Nimnul's gizmo is sorta... smashed. You mean, I'm stuck like this? Ouch! Don't worry. We can put one of these on Nimnul. I get it. Then they can switch back. All we have to do is find him. I'll change those miserable hairballs into were-slugs! Well, I reset it. We just have to put this on Nimnul. Actually, the electronics were kind of simple. Gotcha! Like rats in a trap. Hand over my metamorphosizer. Go ahead, then he'll switch Harry back. Where's the other one? It doesn't matter! I only need one. He's still wearing one. Finally, I can change out of this flea-bitten body. Aah! What happened? Well, if I didn't change, who did? This is terrible. I was better off before! (screaming) Coo-ra-loo! Looks like a nightmare in a puzzle factory. We gotta stop this. Zipper, go get the other metamorphosizer. (clamoring) (sirens wailing) Looks like that report of monsters in the zoo was no joke. It can't be as weird as that wolf burglar. Let's go. Nimnul: Aah! Put that down! Wait! Where are you going with that? Yes, you get here! Is this weird enough for ya? Someone left open the door at the Twilight Zone. Well, that oughta keep Nimnul outta trouble. Thank goodness. Now things can get back to normal. Easier said than done, love. Thanks. Well, Harry, that takes care of everyone but you. Oh, Harry! It's so good to have you back. Thank the Rescue Rangers, Harriet. They brought out the beast in me. (chuckles) See, Dale, there was no werewolf, just another one of Professor Nimnul's crazy plans. You're right. I'm through reading those silly werewolf comics. From now on, I'm only reading about swamp monsters and vampires. Oh, no, you're not. Hey, cut that out! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 