Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers: Season 2, Episode 26 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers 
 s2e26 - The Last Leprechaun - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers (1988–1990): Season 2, Episode 26 - The Last Leprechaun - full transcript 
 The Rangers crash-land the Ranger Plane in Ireland. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ ♪ Sometimes some crimes ♪ Go slippin' through the cracks ♪ But these two gumshoes ♪ Are pickin' up the slack ♪ There's no case too big, no case too small ♪ When you need help, just call ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale's ♪ Rescue Rangers ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ When there's danger 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ No, no, it never fails ♪ Once they're involved ♪ Somehow whatever's wrong gets solved ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ Rescue Rangers ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ When there's danger ♪ No, no, it never fails ♪ They'll take the clues ♪ And find the wheres and whys and whos ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ Rescue Rangers ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ When there's danger 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ CHIP: Where are we? DALE: Offhand, I'd say in a fog. I'd suggest landing the Ranger Plane but I'm not sure we could find the ground. Yeah, I'm sorry, mates, but I sure appreciate you comin' to England to help me find me ancestral haunts. Haunts is right. If I never see another creepy castle or spooky old mansion, it'll be too soon. Do you see anything, Gadget? Yeah, but I wish I didn't. (ALL SCREAMING) Hang on, Dale! I am hanging on but it's letting go. (THUDDING) (LAUGHING) Short trip. Everybody okay? Come on, we've gotta find some cloth and wood to repair those wings. Let's fix the plane and get out of here. Hello in there! (ECHOING) Hello in there! -(CHUCKLES) You're a handsome fella! -Thanks. Look, a shamrock. (PLANTS RUSTLING) I bet we've landed in Ireland. (HORSE APPROACHING) (ALL GASPING) (IN IRISH ACCENT) And would it be askin' too much for you to get out of me way, then? Yep, we're in Ireland. Where are you going? Away from here, if you please. I've no desire to be caught up in the witchery that's comin'. (STAMMERING) Witchery? The dark forces are strong tonight. Only just now, I heard a great crashin' in the trees. No! Don't be silly. That was us. -Maybe it wasn't. -'Twas the banshee. I'll be gettin' on me way. Watch out for the little people. Who's she calling "little people"? She was, uh, talkin' about the leprechauns, the little people who live in the forests of Ireland. Oh, Monterey, you're pulling my tail. MONTEREY: And if you catch one, you get to keep their pot of gold. Gold? LEPRECHAUN: (GRUNTING) Oh, begorra! It's so difficult to hide me pot of gold when I'm all alone. Oh, what a beautiful sight and nary a soul to share it with. Oh, what I wouldn't give for someone to talk to. Ah! (SAWING) One more strip and we'll have enough bark for the wings. (SQUEAKING) Hey, Dale, quit loafin' and lend us a hand. I'm not loafing. I'm looking for a leprechaun. I wanna get that pot of gold. Saints be praised! Company! CHIP: But, Dale, we gotta fix the Ranger Plane. If I get that pot of gold, I'll buy us a new one. I was only foolin' you, Dale, old chum. There's no such things as leprechauns. Really? But there still might be a pot of gold. Oh, he's right, laddie. There's no such thing as leprechauns. Oh, he doesn't... Huh? A leprechaun! Oh, that's no way to catch a leprechaun. (LAUGHING) No, this is how you catch a leprechaun. I got him! I got him! (LAUGHS) No, laddie, I have you. (LEPRECHAUN LAUGHING) Faith and begorra! I'll never be lonely again. DALE: Got you! DALE: I got him! Lookit, guys, I got him! CHIP: Just ignore him. Here, here, now, there's no need for that. Uh, Darby Spree, King of the Leprechauns, at your service. Are you really a leprechaun? Oh, that I am. That I am. And this furry little fellow's caught me fair and square. I want that pot of gold. All in good time, laddie, but if ye be so kind as to oblige me, I must pop round to me home. Careful, Dale, leprechauns are sneaky ones. Oh, don't tell me you'd not be wantin' to see the grand hall of the leprechauns, a place no mortal eyes have ever beheld. Yeah, that's where you keep your pot of gold. Let's go! So I was wrong. Ah, here we are. How are we gonna get in? So you believe in me gold but not in me powers, eh? Come on in, darlings. -How? -DARBY: Like this. Now, where did I put that lamp? Uh, beggin' your pardon for the shabby housekeepin', but it's not often I have visitors here. All right, we visited. Now, where's that pot of gold? Oh, keep your shirt on. Surely we've time for a tune first. Now, would you know  The Clantons and the O'Briens? We don't know how to play. Oh, that's all right. The instruments do. (TRADITIONAL IRISH MUSIC PLAYING) Ah, that's a fine tune, it is. A fine tune. (BANSHEE SHRIEKING) BANSHEE: It must be hidden somewhere near here. Begorra! It's in there. It must be. At last, the magic gold of King Darby is mine. I've been all over this place and I haven't seen any other leprechauns. All right, Darby, what happened to all the other leprechauns? (MUSIC STOPS) Uh, I'd rather not talk about it. So you are the only one? Aye, all alone, and I hope you'll not mind me indulgin' meself. 'Tis good to be havin' a bit of company after all these centuries. What about my gold? I... Well, I feared that you knew, you bein' such an expert on leprechauns and all. Knew what? Well, once you enter the lair of the little folk, you can never leave. We'll just see about that. You tricked me! Oh, not on purpose. I--I only wanted some company. A-A-Another tune perhaps? (MUSIC RESUMES) This is all your fault! Now, Dale, old chum. Leading me on with stories of gold and full moons. It's all bunk! (MUSIC STOPS) Saints preserve us! Something's happenin' with me magical pot of gold. Yeah, I'm not getting it! But--But someone else might be. Oh, great. Now what do we do? We get out of here. -How? -Through that hole. I can't jump that high. Let's get to work. (EXCLAIMS) Druella O'Midas, that devil woman! You stole me magical pot of gold! Oh, I bet she sent those mangy little mortals to help her. Keepin' me distracted while she stole me gold. I'll get even with them. Make for that hole, Zipper. (SQUEAKING) We'll be free in a minute. (ALL SCREAMING) So you're in league with that--that witch, eh? What are you talking about? And don't be pullin' the wool over this leprechaun's eyes. You'll pay for your shameful ways, you will. (ALL EXCLAIMING) I'll just keep squeezin' you till you confess to your wicked crime. Confess, you will, before I'm through with you. What are you talking about? None of that, now. There's no escapin' from leprechaun magic. It's happenin'. Me magic's fadin' away. Wait, Chip, the door's sealed by leprechaun magic. You'll never get through it. Well, what do you know? What got into that Darby anyhow? CHIP: He flew off the handle for no reason. Could it be they didn't help steal me gold? (LAUGHING) Hang about, mates. Don't be runnin' off like that. (WIND BLOWING) At last, the magic gold of King Darby is mine. It will be the crown jewel of my collection. (BELL RINGING) Ah! Glitterin' gold from me own private mine. Only eight pounds? There must be a way to make those wretched little beggars work harder. MONTEREY: Let's get the plane fixed and get out of this haunted forest. Just be thankful we've seen the last of... DARBY: Say, there, mateys. ...Darby. Look, little pal, you caught me fair and square, you did fine. -So let's... -Oh, no. You're not gonna fool me again. Good for you, Dale. Nothin' to fear, mates. Without his gold, his magic is fadin' fast. Oh. Well, there's only one way. All right, I give. You got me, pal. Let go! I don't want you! Oh, you win. You've got me lyin' here helpless. This is just another one of your tricks. All right, I'll admit it. I deceived you. But now you're free, and it's your help I'm pleadin' for. I wouldn't trust you now if you promised to give me your gold on a silver platter. (STAMMERING) But, Dale, me lad, that's what I'm sayin'. To help me, you've got to get me gold. Well, why didn't you say so? -Let's go get it! -Oh, no! Well, come on, we gotta save Dale from himself, again. DARBY: Here we are, then, lads. What the heck are we doing here? Goin' in there to get me gold. -That's where it is? -Aye. -Me first. -Dale, wait! Come on, after him. Just watch out for the old woman. She's a crafty one. This place is loaded with gold! (GASPING) There it is, me magical pot of gold. Oh, boy, oh, boy! Let me at it! (GRUNTING) Dale, don't be a jerk. You can't move that thing by yourself. Says you! DRUELLA: So, at last, you come a-callin', Darby Spree. Not even your woodland friends will be able to help you. (SHRIEKING) (GRUNTING) Who is that woman? (STAMMERING) Well, you see, she's the Queen of the Banshees. Look out for her scream. It'll tear you to pieces. (SHRIEKING) (POT CRASHING) You'll not be gettin' away from me that easily, Darby. Oh, you have me gold, Druella. Why would you be wantin' insignificant little me? Because, Darby Spree, you are the last of the leprechauns! (SCREAMING) One by one, I've captured your kind until you alone remain to threaten me. Soon, I, the Queen of the Banshees, will be the wealthiest creature in all of Ireland. Not to mention the ugliest. (GASPING) (COUGHING) She's not looking this way. Now is our chance to get the pot of gold. Forget the gold and start worrying about your neck. (DRUELLA SHRIEKING) You can't hide from me forever, Darby. DARBY: (LAUGHING) No, but I can have fun tryin'. Come on, help me get my pot of gold out of here. Your gold? Why, if I have any magic left, I'll... There you are. If it's me pot of gold you be wantin', then it's all yours. And you can have the job of protectin' it. Huh? The King of the Leprechauns is mine. Well, wait! No! (SCREAMING) Dale! Finally, I have captured the last of the leprechauns. CHIP: Hold on, there. What happened to Dale? What did you do to him? Begone, you mangy creatures. Oh, dear, me magic's gone. I may as well level with you. For hundreds of years, the banshee has hunted down me fellow little people, and she'd have thrown me in that hole. Me, last of the leprechauns. So you let her throw in Dale instead, you little creep. Well, he asked for it. He did not. You tricked him. You led him on every step of the way. (GULPING) Aye, I suppose I did. And you're gonna help get him back. Ha! And how are we supposed to do that with nary a drop of magic power among us? We'll just have to get your magic back if that's what it takes to save Dale. What is the source of your magic, anyway? DARBY: It's me gold, you see. Ever since she took it, me powers have been fadin'. If it's not returned to a safe hidin' place by the risin' of the sun, me magic will be gone for good. Then that's what we'll do. Ha! That pot weighs a ton, it does. How are you gonna move it, then? -Gadget? -Improbable. Uh, don't you mean, uh, "impossible"? Of course not, Monty, nothing's impossible. (PICKAXES BANGING) (GROANING) Where am I? Gold? Aw, who needs it? Gold's what got me into this mess in the first place. Would you mind bringin' those nuggets up, lad? Thank you, laddie. Oy, you're no leprechaun at all. Uh-uh. But what are you all doing down here? She hunted us all down, that banshee did, forcin' us to work her gold mines for her. But why don't you all just climb in that elevator? And when she opens it up, grab her. Save your strength, son. As soon as she'd seen us, she'd let loose with that awful banshee wail of hers. Well, I'm a Rescue Ranger and I'm not giving up. Me boy, there's no power on earth that can withstand the echo of that banshee's wail. Echo? That's it. Can you beat this stuff into flat sheets? I suppose. Gold is soft enough. But what earthly good is this against the banshee? You'll see. Come on, everybody, grab all the gold you can and bring it to the elevator! GADGET: Maybe we'll find something we can use in here. GADGET: Now, everybody split up and look for something we can carry a pot of gold in. -How about this, Gadget? -Uh-uh. Too heavy to move. (SQUEAKING) Good idea, Zipper. Maybe there's somethin' hidden inside. (BOTH GRUNTING) Appears to be a mite stuck. (GRUNTING) (GRUNTING) Monty, be careful. We hit the jackpot! Fireworks? What good are they? Well, if we ever manage to get Dale and the pot of gold back, we can celebrate in style. Hey, guys! We can use those big rockets as propulsion. Help me carry them over here. Well, okay, love, but it would have been one bonzer party. Okay, it's done. Now everyone help me roll it. (GRUNTING) I sure hope this works, Gadget, love. You think the gunpowder's still good in these rockets? There should be enough kick left in 'em to blast that gold back to the forest. Well, let's start a-blastin'. Everybody inside? Aye. Then ring that bell! (RINGING) More gold? Already? That's the kind of work I like to see. Blast off! Now, remember, you must get the gold to its hidin' place in the forest. Got it. And you must hurry. The sun's a-risin'. Now, for my... Leprechauns! Wretched creatures, you'll pay for befoolin' me. (SHRIEKING) (CRASHING) You little beast! (ROCKETS FIRING) What? Me gold! Hang on, Zipper. Uh-oh. You just sealed your doom, beasties. (MONTEREY WHOOPING) We did it. Now we gotta find a hidin' place. (SQUEAKING) Now, you devils, meet your doom. DALE: Not so fast, bigmouth. DRUELLA: How convenient. I'll just be rid of the lot of you then. Be ready to hit her with your magic, men. Oh, I only hope Monterey Jack got the pot back safe. (GRUNTING) This better be a perfect bull's-eye. (GASPING) Begorra! Nothin'. (MONTEREY AND ZIPPER GROANING) One good push! (POT CRASHING) We did it! Darby, you big buffoon! All right, men, let's be rid of her. (SHRIEKING) (SCREAMING) (ALL CHEERING) We did it! We did it! We rid the world of that evil banshee. And we're back together, old mates, after hundreds of years. I've got me friends back. I've got me gold back. And I got my clothes back. (ALL CHEERING) Hey, look. "To the best friends a leprechaun ever had. "Thanks from the bottom of me heart, Darby Spree." Well, what do you know? He finally did us a good turn after all. (RANGER PLANE CHUGGING) GADGET: I'm glad you finally got over your gold bug, Dale. Oh, yeah, look at what happened to those poor little guys. Gold is nothing but trouble. Good for you. Now, silver, that's where the real money is. Why, if we got enough silver together, we could do anything. I can see it now. "Rescue Ranger Enterprises." We'll be rich... (THUDDING) (MUFFLED CHATTERING) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 