Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers: Season 2, Episode 22 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers 
 s2e22 - Seer No Evil - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers (1988–1990): Season 2, Episode 22 - Seer No Evil - full transcript 
 The Rescue Rangers visit Cassandra, a fortune-telling Gypsy moth. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ ♪ Sometimes some crimes ♪ Go slippin' through the cracks ♪ But these two gumshoes ♪ Are pickin' up the slack ♪ There's no case too big, no case too small ♪ When you need help, just call ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale's ♪ Rescue Rangers ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ When there's danger 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ No, no, it never fails ♪ 'Cause once they're involved ♪ Somehow whatever's wrong gets solved ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ Rescue Rangers ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ When there's danger ♪ No, no, it never fails ♪ They'll take the clues ♪ And find the wheres and whys and whos ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ Rescue Rangers ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ When there's danger 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ (CARNIVAL MUSIC PLAYING) (LAUGHING AND SCREAMING) Are you all right? (STAMMERING) Sure. Fine. WOMAN ANNOUNCER: Please exit to your left. (ALL CHATTERING) If they'd straightened the angle out on that last curve, we'd have seen some real speed. That fake speed was plenty for me, Gadget. Waltzing Matildas! That had more twists than the Sydney Snake Stampede of '66. Yeah. Let's do it again. (SLURPING) I know. Let's us ride the Cosmic Jackhammer first and then go on the Jerk 'n Whirl. Right. Just as soon as my stomach gets off that last ride. I don't believe it. It's Cassie. I haven't seen her in years. Who? MONTEREY: Cassandra, the fortunetelling gypsy moth. CHIP: Come on, Monterey. No one can see the future. Cassandra can. She once told me I was going on a trip through time, and the very next day I fell off a grandfather clock. Oh, brother. Oh, come on, Chip. This'll be fun. Wow! I can hardly wait to learn my future. I think this is silly. Well, I'm curious. CASSANDRA: And I am Cassandra. How may I help you? Cassie? Oh, my crystals! Monterey Jack, is that you? She should know. She's the fortuneteller. Shh! Monterey, it has been so much time since we were last together. And, Zipper, I see you are just as handsome as ever. (SQUEAKING) And you're as pretty as a plate full of Parmesan, Cassie. I brought me pals here. Do not tell me. They want I should tell their fortunes. Gosh, that's ESP. More like EZ guess. So, you do not believe in the future, huh? The future? Huh! I'll believe it when I see it. Ah, but I can see it now. So tell us, Cassie. What do you see? Monterey Jack, you will shortly get a pink fur coat. Well, not quite in line with me fashion sense. Are you sure that Monty gets a pink coat? Maybe I do. No. Monterey gets a pink coat, and you get a tall, dark stranger. I don't like the sound of that. A tall, dark stranger? Golly! And one of you will fly. Let me guess. -(SQUEAKING) -CASSANDRA: Without wings. -You. -Me? Maybe now you'll believe that you can't believe her. Um. Excuse me, Cassandra, but don't you see anything for Chip? I will look again. I've seen this before. MONTEREY: It's an ancient Roman vision fit. Here. It's a Julius Seizure! These visions are never wrong. Before the next sun rises, Chip will follow a bear with two tails who will dance with a tiger. I'll what with who? He will fall from a circle of light and only a flying horse can save him. Finally, you will walk under an elephant, and the trunk will fall, and... And... ALL: And? And? (SPLUTTERING) Then all is darkness. No, Cassie. Not me little pally, Chip. Ooh. This is serious. I'd better get more elephant repellent. Oh, come on. You guys don't believe this stuff, do you? Thanks for the show, Cassie. I think I'm ready for the Jerk 'n Whirl now. Please, Cassie, say it ain't so. By dawn, your friend will be... (SPUTTERING) I am very sorry. But that's the way the crystal ball bounces. What a bunch of baloney. A bear with two tails? Dancing with a tiger? Don't forget about being smashed by an elephant. That Cassie has amazing powers of intuitive... Cheesening! Oh, no! Another cheese attack. CHIP: It's the pizza. Cheese. (SLURPING) (SIGHING) (SCREAMING) Do you think he's all right? Nothin' more right than a mouse full of mozzarella. (SLURPING) And this cotton candy ain't bad, either. Hey! Easy, Zipper. Oh, no! The pink fur coat. Crikeys, kiddo. You're right. Just like Cassandra predicted. That's not a fur coat. That's cotton candy. Well, it does look furry and... And it is pink. Cassandra was right. Cassandra was lucky. Did someone mention luck? Try your luck at this. Just knock the thimbles off the stand and pick a prize. Now we'll have some fun. I'll win a prize for you, Gadget. Golly, that's sweet of you, Chip. I'll show you how to win a prize. Oh, yeah? You couldn't hit the side of a barn if it fell on you. I could, too. Hey, you big ape, watch where you're going. Honestly! Even strangers can be polite. Crikeys! You mean tall, dark strangers. The tall, dark stranger! GADGET: Just like Cassandra predicted. Not those predictions again. That's it. We're going home. I knew you'd see it my way. No elephant's gonna fall on you there. CHIP: That's it. We're staying. Which game would you like to play, son? All of them. Well, then, let's get started. Try the dart booth. Everybody wins at the dart booth. Daddy, let's play that one. Y'all play, y'all win. It's that easy. Just relax and let 'em fly. Kid, you're a natural. Why, just look at that curve. Nothing's going to happen to me. But, Chip, Cassandra's never wrong. CHIP: I'll believe that gypsy moth when Dale starts flying. (SCREAMING) Does that count? Get me down! MAN: Good aim, son. Look, that magnet made the darts hit the bull's-eye. MONTEREY: And it made Dale look like he was flyin'. But why would anyone cheat to make the customer win? Maybe he's got too many prizes. I have a special prize for you in back. Hey, look at that bear. (MONTEREY GASPING) It's got two tails. -Just like Cassandra said. -Just like Cassandra said. And one of them's that monkey's tail. Holiday's over. Looks like we've got a case. (SHRIEKS) You have to go back to headquarters. It's the only way we can keep you safe. What are you talking about? Look, Chipper, you may sneer at Cassie's fortunetellin', but she's been right every time. I got me pink coat. But that was... And Gadget met her stranger. Well, sure, but he... And Dale flew. Now your predictions are startin' and that means sooner or later... (SNIFFLING) You're gonna get smashed by an elephant's trunk. Look, I'm a Rescue Ranger. I'll be careful. But I'm not going home till we solve this thing. Come on. We have to catch that little boy. I just hope we don't have to rescue a Rescue Ranger. (WHISPERING) No elephants I can see. I guess it's safe enough. Monty, get out of my way. GADGET: Look, the two-tailed bear. Oh, me poor pally. They're dancin'. Maybe Cassandra was right. Let's see what he's up to. Come on. The next prediction called for a circle of light. Keep your peepers peeled. Might have known he'd be up to monkey business. Well, we're gonna put him out of business. Rescue Rangers, away! MONTEREY: The circle of light. Chip! ALL: Chip! Chip! (SQUEAKING) (ZIPPER GRUNTING) I hope you had your vitamins today. MONTEREY: We're comin', Chipper. Hit it, Gadget. You did it, Monterey. It's all in the wrist... Uh, Glove. Phew! Thanks, gang. I owe you one. But that was close, too close. Cassandra said you would fall from a circle of light. She was right. But you saved me, not some flying horse. Look out! Well, what do you call that? And it flew well enough to save you. The predictions were right. First the two tails, then tiger dancin', then your fall, then... (SPUTTERING) SPINELLI: This teddy bear from your booth was found at the scene of the attempted robbery tonight. And all the people who were robbed this last week said they had been to this carnival and had won teddy bears from your booth. KIRBY: But you're sayin' you don't know anything about the break-ins. I've been too busy givin' away these magnificent prizes, Officers. I bet that monkey's been behind the other robberies, too. Since you had nothin' to do with the robberies, you won't mind if we take a real good look around, will you? Well, of course not, Officers. Mi carnival es su carnival. Come back anytime, Officers. Everybody's a winner here. That's our cue to skedaddle, Abbadabba. Whenever the cops get this close, it's time to pack the bags and chase the Greyhound. It'll take them cops hours to track down the loot, if they ever do. I've got to tell the others. MONTEREY: Are you sure, Cassie? I mean, maybe you made a mistake. I am sorry, Monterey, but I saw what I saw. Would you give me a hand, Zipper? First there was elephant, then your friend was crushed by trunk. Isn't there anything I can do? No. Elephant, trunk... (SPUTTERING) But--But, Cassandra, he's my best friend. I know. I saw that, too. Hey, guys. Quigley and that monkey have gone to get their loot. That means they're making their getaway. Let's go. Chipper, no! All we have to do is show the loot to the police. But the-- But the prediction! I'll be careful. The police will do all the work. We'll use the bears to hide the loot. As soon as we get enough loot sacks, we'll grab the goods and hightail it out of here. Looks like he's hidden the loot somewhere else. Well, I just hope we can get to it before the police leave. (LAUGHING) Now it's time to collect our prizes. QUIGLEY: Whoever said crime wasn't fun, huh, Abbadabba? (MECHANICAL LAUGHTER) I bet we could nab those crooks ourselves. Chip, you said you'd be careful. No silly prediction about an elephant trunk is gonna keep me from being a Rescue Ranger. (GASPING) CHIP: It's the elephant's trunk! Cassandra's last prediction. Oh, well, let's go. You're too close to that thing as is. (SPUTTERING) I want you out of...range. But I could... We can handle it. We'll just make a trail of loot for the police to find. Zipper, you stay out here and take care of my buddy. (SQUEAKING) Well, okay. Rescue Rangers, away. (MECHANICAL LAUGHTER) Crikeys! This place gives me the fidgetin' willies. Oh, Monty, it's just our images distorted by the refraction angle of the wavy glass. (SCREAMS) Monty, be careful. That staircase looks (MONTEREY SCREAMING) (CRASHING) suspicious. Remember, this is a fun house. (GROANING) So when does the fun start? I can hear them. Follow me. Do we have to? (SCREAMING) Monty, you're standing on the trigger. DALE: Wait, I can see them. Oh! Sorry, pally. (CRASHING) They're on the other side of the wall. They'll be gone by the time we make it through the maze. Not if we travel by air. Those cops are dumber than doorknobs. They'd never think of lookin' in a treasure chest for the money. Come on. We gotta get this stuff to the police. GADGET: Dale! (GASPS) Hurry up with the... What the hey? Varmints in our booty. CHIP: The police are leaving. KIRBY: Uh, no way, Spinelli. You're not bringin' those chili dogs into our squad car. Why are they taking so long? Sorry, Zipper. I have to go in and help them. I'm a Rescue Ranger. (SQUEAKING) I... I made it. Cassandra was wrong. The elephant trunk didn't fall. Come on, Zipper. We have a job to do. QUIGLEY: Quit playin' with those critters and get on down here and give me a hand. DALE: They're getting away. How are we gonna stop them from inside here? They're going to leave. CHIP: Where are the others? If we can tip it over the edge, (GRUNTS) the fall should pop the lock of the trunk. We can't wait. Let's go. Did you say trunk? Huh. One less varmint to worry about. Let's go. (SPUTTERING) Zipper, where's Chip? (SQUEAKING) (GASPING) That's Chip's hat. She didn't mean an elephant's trunk. (GASPING) She meant elephant, then trunk. Oh, Chip! (SOBBING) He wouldn't listen. It was the predictions. CHIP: Well, I've got a prediction for you. Chip? One side, mates. I predict I'll never go to a fortuneteller again. Oh, Chip! Chip, Chip, Chip! Oh, Chip, oh, Chip! Oh, Chip! Oh! Knew it all the time. Can't live your life by a gypsy prediction. Thank goodness! Well, let's get to work. ALL: Rescue Rangers, away! Rattle your slats, boy. I wanna be out of the county by mornin'. (EXCLAIMS) (GRUNTS) (LAUGHING) Must have set it off by accident. (EXCLAIMS) (QUIGLEY SCREAMING) What the hey? Well, I predict we won't be seein' those two for quite a while. And I know the Rescue Rangers will be together for a long time, too. Is that what Cassandra told you? Nope. You don't need a crystal ball to see that. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 