Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers: Season 2, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers 
 s2e20 - A Creep in the Deep - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers (1988–1990): Season 2, Episode 20 - A Creep in the Deep - full transcript 
 The Rangers investigate a series of bizarre attacks on seafood restaurants. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ ♪ Sometimes some crimes ♪ Go slippin' through the cracks ♪ But these two gumshoes ♪ Are pickin' up the slack ♪ There's no case too big, no case too small ♪ When you need help, just call ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale's ♪ Rescue Rangers ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ When there's danger 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ No, no, it never fails ♪ 'Cause once they're involved ♪ Somehow whatever's wrong gets solved ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ Rescue Rangers ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ When there's danger ♪ No, no, it never fails ♪ They'll take the clues ♪ And find the wheres and whys and whos ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ Rescue Rangers ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ When there's danger 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip 'n Dale ♪ What the heck! Hey, he's gonna hit. (CRASHING) TRUCK DRIVER ON TV: The monster came right at me. I tried to swerve, but I think he was out to get me. Next thing I knew, wham! Then nothin' but frozen mackerel all over the highway. There you have it, another in the series of bizarre seafood attacks. This is Stan Blather reporting. Holy mackerel! There's a case for the Rescue Rangers. Gosh, Chip, do you really think frozen fillets count as animals in trouble? Aw, the whole thing sounds fishy to me. (GROANING) Come on, mates. I'm with Chip. We ain't had an adventure since yesterday. I'm startin' to get stale. But this time, pally, let's go easy on your clues and detection stuff. Scientific detection is how you solve mysteries. MONTEREY: It's borin'. You solve things by jumpin' in, grabbin' the bad guy and tyin' him into knots. Jumping in without a plan is just going to get your tail in trouble, Monterey. Don't worry about me, mate. MONTEREY: Ouch! DALE: Those sure are crazy tire tracks. Look, Gadget, they go right into the water. Or maybe they came out of the water. So much for your clues, Chip. You don't know if you're comin' or goin'. Let me know when there's somethin' worth gettin' up about. Cheese. Oh, no! Monty's having another cheese attack. CHIP: He must have smelled the cheese pizza. (ALL GASPING) ALL: Oh, no! (GRUNTING) (SCREAMING) (CRASHING) (MOANING) CHIP: Well, Monterey Jack, is that what you meant by jumping into things? Are you okay, Monty? Well, I burned me tail a bit. But at least the pizza's good and hot. (GULPING) Boy! Nothin' like a pineapple-anchovy pizza to put me in the mood for romance. Oh, please! MONTEREY: Reminds me of the time I visited the Leaning Tower in Italy. Had the best piece of pizza in Pisa. (LAUGHING) (SCREAMING) It's the monster! (PEOPLE SCREAMING) Blimey! It's a sea monster. GADGET: No, it's a submarine. It's a submarine full of sea monsters. FIN: Destroy the kitchen of the land walkers. All Hands, on deck. Aye, aye, Captain Fin, sir. All Hands, get all the canned anchovies from the kitchen. Our brothers deserve a decent burial at sea. Aye, aye, Captain Fin. Hmm. Hasn't got his land legs yet. Captain Fin must be the one who attacked the truckload of fish. Right. So much for detection. Now let's get 'em. Oh, no! Monty, come back! I knew when I found this abandoned submarine that I'd have my revenge, but I didn't know it would be so much fun. (LAUGHING) (GASPING) This whole ship's full of water. (SCREAMING) (GASPS) He's gonna drown! (SQUEAKING) Uh-oh! Cooking oil? Great idea, Zip. Are you all right, Monterey? Still in one piece. Kind of an odd-shaped piece, though. How can we find Captain Fin when he could be anywhere under the sea? By calming down and fishing for some clues at the Seafood Bar. MONTEREY: Here, you better let me do the talkin', mates. I knew a lobster that shot off his mouth here and found himself in real hot water. We're in luck, mates. There's Barnacle Bill the barnacle. He's always hangin' around the docks. Ought to know somethin'. Owes me a favor, too. Helped him out of a scrape once. Ahoy, Barnacle! How are things below the waterline? Look what the tide washed in, boys. It's Monterey Jack. (LAUGHS) Let me buy you and your mates somethin' to drink. Here, how about a shrimp cocktail? Who are you callin' a shrimp? I'm a prawn, buddy, and I'm proud of it. MONTEREY: Calm down, mate. No offense. (EXCLAIMING) Ow! (SCREAMING) (ALL GRUNTING) Shelly was never one for conversation. He always clams up. (SIGHING WITH RELIEF) You should think before you say anything. You're right, Gadget. Looks like I took another wrong turn. And we still haven't found out anything about Captain Fin. Fin? Seems like those pod swabs over there were flappin' their fins about him. You mean he crashed the submarine right into the pet store? Uh-huh. Said he was liberating us from the slavery of the land walkers. And we swallowed it, hook, line and sinker. Yeah, we gave up everything, a tank with a view and all the fish flakes we could eat. Do you know where Captain Fin is now? No, but we heard him planning his first daylight raid on Sealand. Sealand. Thanks, that's just what we need. (SIGHS) Remember that little treasure chest with the bubbles? Hmm. I could watch that thing all day. Everybody's heard of Nemo. He's Sealand's biggest star. That's why Nemo is the most likely target of Captain Fin. That's deduction. Right. Captain Fin is real interested in someone who spends his days jumpin' through hoops. I'm sure that makes him a really big star. NEMO: Sorry about that. Didn't see you little guys. Just warmin' up for my act, you know. CHIP: We're here to warn you. A submarine is going to attack Sealand. A submarine? (LAUGHING) Why don't you take a look over that wall? Golly, it must be 100 feet down. MONTEREY: There's no way Captain Fin can get up here. That's deduction. How come I have to do the hard work? Do you hear something? Not a whisper, mate. Sound carries better under water. (GURGLING) It sounds like somebody's trying to get a drain unstuck. The Captain never asks those squids to do anything like this. (EXCLAIMS) No, it's always All Hands' job. Golly, you're right, Chipper. It's that octopus of Captain Fin. Just give me a second and we'll take care of him. Might as well take the quick way down. This is 93 times faster than an ordinary fishing reel. Oops. Maybe I should try a smaller rocket. (ALL SCREAMING) (SQUEAKING) DALE: Hey, Zipper, is that you? (SQUEAKING) We're inside. Everybody is okay. Speak for yourself, pally. Oh, Monty, not your tail again. Golly, Nemo should floss more often. If we don't finish this case soon, I'm gonna need a tail transplant. Greetings, my brother. I, Captain Fin, have set you free. Now I ask you to join me in my fight against the land walkers. CHIP: You must be crazy. DALE: Yeah, go soak your head. Fascinating. A whale ventriloquist. Let's ram that sub. Right. Full speed ahead, Nemo. Reel me in, you fools. He's gonna ram us, Captain Fin. That traitor! Let that be a lesson to you. Never trust anybody who breathes air. (ALL SCREAMING) What are you waiting for? Get us away from that maniac. Well, I better get over to the Sealand docks so they can find me. ALL: What? You'll be back jumpin' through hoops all day. Don't you wanna be free? What? And give up showbiz? Well, what now, Chip? I hate to say it, but we could sure use some of your deductive-type plannin'. Why don't you use your head for a change? Well, at least he used his head. Are you all right, Monty? I've been better, Gadget, love, but at least it didn't land on me tail. (BOTH GRUNTING) Water? It's a note asking for help. CHIP: And it looks like it was written by an octopus. Hey, we haven't seen All Hands the octopus since the explosion up at the tank. Well, it's our only lead. We have to get up there and check it out. Climb back up the cliff? Couldn't we just look for clues down here where we don't have to do any climbin'? Say, I could help you out. Step right in. Jiminy! I can't believe I'm doin' this willingly. (INHALING) ALL: Rescue Rangers, away! Nothin' like takin' the express route. GADGET: Look, he broke his diving helmet. I mean, walking helmet, or whatever. Captain Fin will save me, he will. I'm his strong right arms. If we toss these notes into the ocean, Fin is sure to come back to rescue Legs there. Boy, Monty, that almost sounds like a plan. Some plan. What'll we do when he gets here? Fire when you have the range, Mr. Starfish. Aye, Captain. Well done. Now, send up the life bucket. Thank you, Captain. I knew you wouldn't leave me high and dry. Full speed ahead, Zipper. Hang on, guys. FIN: Come, gentlemen. I need music to plot the destruction of the land walkers. Me mum always said I was a bit of a bubblehead. If we can wreck these controls, Captain Fin will be out of business. But how do we do that? If we try everything at once, it should overload the system. Right. Random destruction. That's my kind of plan. (ALARM BLARING) Do you think they heard that? Hee. Guess maybe they did. (PLAYING SOMBER MUSIC) (PLAYS WRONG NOTE) Ouch! Can't you get the fingering right? But--But, Captain Fin, I don't have fingers. (SIGHING WITH PLEASURE) You air breathers will pay for what you've done to me. I was picked to be the anchovy valedictorian of my school of fish, but you land walkers netted my entire graduating class (SOBS) and turned them into pizza topping and salad garnish. (ALL SOBBING) I wandered the seas not knowing what to do next, but then I found this submarine, the tool of my revenge. It was practically new. It only had 20,000 leagues on it. Now I strike for all of fishdom. No fish will ever get hooked again! (ALL CHEERING) The oceans are too big. You can't stop the world from fishing. Ah, but I can make an example of your city. The humans have trouble seeing things my way, so I'm going to give them a real fisheye view. This submarine is going to punch a hole in the county dam and put the entire city under water. (LAUGHING) This is pitiful. There's nothing big enough to save in the whole river. Drive! Drive! We gotta stop them before they flood the city. First, we gotta get out of this blinkin' aquarium. I don't suppose you have a plan. No problem. Do you always carry a glass cutter around with you? No, just when I wanna cut glass. There. (BOTH GASPING FOR AIR) This water's makin' me tail go all wrinkled and pruney. Forget that. We're almost to the dam. If we had a bilge pump, we could hang my tail and Captain Fin out to dry. Say, we do have a pump, courtesy of Captain Fin. Let the engines build up steam, Mr. Starfish. We'll either punch a hole in that dam or smash ourselves to smithereens. Either way, we go in the name of all fish everywhere. (ALL GULPING) There, that should do it. CHIP: I hope Monterey's plan works. All right, Mr. Starfish. Give me ramming speed. (ORGAN PLAYING) It must be the air breathers. -Get them! -Aye, Captain. I said, ramming speed. I won't be stopped now. I won't let you spoil the Captain's plans. (EXCLAIMING) MONTEREY: My tail! Put me down! Careful, Monty. Don't do anything rash. Me tail's been slammed, singed, kinked and cracked! Now it's payback time! (WHOOPING) Monty! They may be better armed, but I'm the one who's handy. I can't control it, Captain. It's too late. Nothing can stop us now. (LAUGHING) What? We should be going down. Looks like the winds are blowing him out toward the desert. (LAUGHING) Then he'll really be a fish out of water. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. The Captain's not going to like that at all, not at all. (SCREAMING) Never did get his land legs. Well, Monty, you wanted an adventure. Yes, and this will make a real whale of a tale to tell. Please, Gadget, love, watch your language. Don't mention tail. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 