Living Single: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Living Single 
 s1e11 - The Naked Truth - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Living Single (1993–1998): Season 1, Episode 11 - The Naked Truth - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Come on, hurry up, we're ready to go. I have never seen anyone get so excited about going to a salad bar. Not just any salad bar. Veggie World. 52 varieties of croutons, including nutmeg and pimento. Mmm, yum, yummy. Quick, turn on the television. Regine, we're on our way to dinner. Girl, I'm going to be on TV! There's got to be some FCC law against that. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm walking down the street, right? And boom! A camera's in my face. This could change my whole life. Ooh! Ooh, look, there I am! Check me out. Maria Stone, WAKD News. What are your feelings about Proposition 21? Uh, can't say I have any. Another concerned voter. Back to you, Jim. Well? You know, Veggie World just added chunky cheddar dressing... To the baked potato bar. ♪ Check, check, check it out ♪ ♪ Check, check, check it out ♪ ♪ What you want? No free position ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ We are living single ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Yes, we are living a single life, yeah ♪ ♪ We are living single ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Ooh, in a '90s kind of world ♪ ♪ I'm glad I got my girls ♪ ♪ Keep your head up ♪ ♪ What? ♪ ♪ Keep your head up ♪ ♪ That's right ♪ ♪ Whenever this life gets tough ♪ ♪ You got to fight with ♪ ♪ My homegirl standing to my left ♪ ♪ And my right ♪ ♪ True blue, and tight like glue ♪ ♪ We are living single ♪ ♪ Ooh, in a '90s kind of world ♪ ♪ I'm glad I got my girls ♪ ♪ Aah ♪ Okay, this one's for Regine. Truth or challenge? Oh, please, girl. Truth. Would you ever date a brother with a played‐out hairstyle? Not even on a bet. Now, Regine, you know that brother you dated last month had a serious process. Excuse you. David had naturally curly hair. And he got it by wearing a shower cap for two hours. Ladies, ladies, ladies, can't we play this game in a civilized fashion, the way the manufacturer intended? Overton, man, women dish each other and call it a communication. And then when they get it down to a science they get married and do the same thing to us men. Khadijah, this one's for you. Truth or challenge? I have no secrets. Do you think sex without love is a sin? If it is, I'll see you in hell. This is a lot more than we wanted to know about you, lady. Wait, my turn, my turn. This is for Synclaire. Truth or challenge? I'll take the challenge. I challenge you to answer this question. Okay. Have you ever lied to get out of an awkward situation? Well, I did lie when I told Max I liked her in her red suit. Which red suit? I have a lot of red suits. Take your pick. You don't look so good in red. Crush and crush. You women are so petty. You don't hear men talking to each other like this. Oh, you're right, Kyle, 'cause you talk about Overton behind his back. What'd you say, Kyle? I don't know, man. Nothing I wouldn't say to your face. How about that two‐day rant you went on after Overton went along on your date with Melissa? Mm‐hmm. And you invited me, man. And you were supposed to say no. I only asked you so I could look sensitive and friendly. But I sat behind you in the theater. Yeah, and you reached for the Raisinets right when I was going for the bonbons. Hello, hello. The last question was for me, and I believe I've answered it. Let's just move on. Yeah. Oh, hell, no. I'm sure Kyle has more to say. Overton, man, don't be so sensitive. How you going to call me sensitive, Mr. "I Need a Baby Wipe for My Behind"? Stick and move, Overton. Stick and move. First of all, they are called personal cleansing cloths, okay? And at least I do have the courtesy to close the bathroom door, Dr. Funkenstein. No, he didn't. I wouldn't take that. I wouldn't take that! So you're going to go there, huh? Oh, yeah, I'm driving. Why don't you let me drive you both upstairs? Are you sure there's not any more of my business you'd like to put out in the street before we leave? Well, I might be inclined to tell them about that machine you use to trim your nose hairs, but I ain't going to do that. Oh, so you... I can't believe they're still fighting. Ooh, Overton just brought Kyle's mother into it. Oh, they're about to box. Maybe we should stop up for a visit. You are awful. You started this whole thing, Max. I did, didn't I? Ah, it's a gift. I don't own it. Shh! I can't hear. I can't hear. Okay, Kyle's talking about Overton's tools always lying around, and Kyle's offering to put them away. Aw, sookie, sookie, now. Ooh, look. Kyle's albums just went flying into the street. What? Oh, not the albums. You know how Kyle feels about those albums. He'd mate with them if he could. You know he's tried. Oh! Somebody's on the move. Oh! Ooh, yes! Whoa. I'm looking at an eyeball. Overton. Kyle and I had a fight. Really? It seems that Kyle thinks I'm underfoot. He thinks I'm in the way. I know I'm not staying any place where I'm not wanted. You, uh, mind if I use the phone? I want to call the YMCA. Oh. I'm sure there's a cot with my name on it somewhere in this big, lonely, concrete jungle. Oh, nonsense, Overton. You can stay with us. No, he cannot. Why don't we just all take a vote? We? You don't even live here. Technicality. All those in favor? It's settled. Overton stays. I cannot believe this. Oh, Rey, don't get your wig twisted. I mean, they're guys. I'm sure they'll squash this whole thing before we even go to bed. Uh, y'all want to help me with the heavy stuff? Good morning, Overton. What are you doing? Cutting Kyle out of all of my pictures. Hey, here's you guys at Shea Stadium. Yeah, and that's Kyle in seat G‐7. This must be very hard for you, huh? Yeah, but your radiant morning glow has turned my lemons into lemonade. Morning. Oh, my. Overton, we women have a little something called a morning routine. That is when we make ourselves presentable for men that we care about. Why don't you move these pictures out of the way so I could sit down. Oh, excuse me. What's up, people? Mind if I grab a cup of coffee? We're just a regular bed‐and‐breakfast. I just want breakfast. I do the bedding over at my place. Overton. What's up with the paper dolls, man? Just getting rid of all my memories of old what's‐his‐name. You know, some signs we stole and some pictures and some letters he asked me to mail. You're taking this kind of hard, huh? Wouldn't you, if your ex‐best friend turned on you like an ingrown toenail? Oh, that's so painful. I had one last week. See. Synclaire, put it away. But I was just... No. Now. Don't blame Synclaire. I brought up the topic. I'm gonna go and shave. Good idea. Overton, we have a bathroom for that. You know, it's funny how every household has their own rules. Oh, yeah. Whoo. ♪ I feel good... ♪ ♪ Obie in the bathtub... ♪ Overton, get out! I am so sorry, Khadijah, I swear. I didn't see anything, nothing. Overton, get out! Is everybody alright? What happened? I just saw Khadijah naked. I'm devastated. Thanks, Overton. Now, isn't this poetic justice? You vote to have him here. He sees you naked. Long live democracy. You know, Kyle's right. I just get in the way. Then get your ass out. Jose, porque siempre estas metiendote en me vida? Eres como una mosca! Uh‐uh. Oh, hey. Hey. Sorry again, Khadijah. Overton, drop it. The flowers at work were more than enough. Everybody liked the card, "Sorry I saw you naked." Okay, well, I‐I'll just stay out of your way. I'm going to go back here and read my book. Tools of Tomorrow. You let me know if I'm turning these pages too loud, okay? You will not believe what I ate today. A mountain of fudge, a tub of caramel corn, and washed it down with a bag of chips. That time of the month. I didn't hear that. You're still here. Yep, but it's just like I'm not. See the last thing I want to do is make you feel uncomfortable in your own home‐‐ the way that Kyle did me. And, Khadijah, you get the urge to prance around in your birthday suit, you go right ahead, because my eyes will be out this window. Oh, Lord, Max is undressing with the shades up. Has the whole world gone naked? Maybe I should just pack up my steamer trunk and hit the curb. Overton, you do not have to go. But you got to promise to chill. Look, you trying so hard not to be in the way, you're trippin' all over yourself. Just kick back. Put your feet up on the table. Really? Sure. Wow. Kyle never lets me do this at home. What you mean Kyle never lets you? Don't let him run you. Oh, he doesn't run me. He just suggests things‐‐ over and over again, until I do what he says. Oh, Overton, it's not healthy to let people walk all over you‐‐ unless of course that someone employs you and gives you a place to live. Then you just don't have a choice. You know, that's a good point. I should have a long talk with Kyle. Sure. Go right upstairs. Yeah, why don't you take your bags for good luck. Oh, look who's here. There is a god. Yes, well, I have been called that before. So, how's it going, Overton? Oh, sure. Think you can just swagger in here like nothing is wrong. Let me tell you something, you're not the boss of me. Obie, man, you're trippin'. No, I'm not trippin'. For the first time in a long time my head is on straight, thanks to my new best friends who let me be me. I don't have to stand here and listen to this, alright? I'll be upstairs if you'd like to talk. No, we can settle it right here. All you got to do is apologize. For what, man? Look, I'm going home. Are you coming? I have a home right here. And this is where I'll be when you decide you're sorry. Well, then you had better file a change of address, because you are not getting an apology from me. Get out of our house! Perfect. Ooh, girl, uh‐huh! Ooh, that Brian sounds like a live one. Who are you tellin'? So when y'all going out again? Soon as he recovers from what I did to him last night. Yeah, you put a hurtin' on him, huh, girl? Overton, this is girl talk. Got you. But, uh, if you need a man's opinion, I'll be in the kitchen. Hey, Synclaire. You still reading that murder mystery? Only have three pages left to go. The detective just rounded up the suspects for a big dinner. Oh, that's the best part. And who would have thought that the archbishop had a twin who did it? Who would have thought? Yeah. He must go. Well, welcome aboard, Synclaire. Sure, get rid of him now that I've got him doing my laundry. And picking up my dry‐cleaning. Look, you asked him to stay, you tell him to go. No! I can't break his heart into a gabillion little pieces. No. I don't know how you stand up without a spine. Overton, I got to talk to you. Nope. Me first. Being here the past couple days, I realized that I'm not just your handyman, I'm your friend. When I was in trouble, you were there for me, and I'm never gonna forget it. Here. It's my very first glue gun. See? It's symbolic of our friendship. True blue, and tight like glue. And don't look down the barrel. You can glue your eyes shut. So, what did you want to tell me? Um, Regine... wants, uh, light starch on the laundry. Allow us to review our previous offer. You apologize to Overton, we give you unlimited refrigerator access for a month. Home‐cooked meals delivered to your apartment on a tray. We even provide fresh flower garnish. Tulips are our specialty. Now, I love tulips as much as the next guy, but I can't help you. I am not going to apologize. Let me sweeten the deal. No sniping for two weeks. Is that the best you can do? Oh, come on, Kyle, be a man. Max, if I were half the man you are, maybe I'd be willing. See how I didn't touch that? Just a taste of what could be yours if you'd just take Overton back. Kyle, you have no idea what we've been going through. Ah... putting his feet up on the coffee table. Shaving in the kitchen sink. Uh‐huh. Has he started singing his homemade songs yet? ♪ Handyman ♪ ♪ Oh, handyman ♪ ♪ I need you to fix my sink again ♪ I missed that little ditty. Yeah, well, I haven't. ♪ I'm very handy ♪ ♪ I am a real... ♪ Party on. Okay, fine, leave. But he misses you. Really? It's too bad. ♪ Oh, handy ♪ ♪ Well, you drill and you paint without flaking ♪ ♪ And I peel you away ♪ ♪ Oh, handy... ♪ Now, here's a Kodak moment. When you are through with your witty repartee, would you put your hands on this plunger, please? Well, it is my job. Mm‐hmm. And I warned you about those baby wipes. So, how's it living with the ladies? Oh, it's cool. Educational. Saw Khadijah naked. Max, too. So how is it living here all alone? Having fun with your albums? Yeah, what's left of them. Yeah, nothing flies like A Jackson Five Christmas. That was really small, man. No smaller than dropping a man's heritage hammer down the dumbwaiter. Okay, okay, so things got a little out of control. Hey, man, but what you said? That really hurt, man. Overton, man, what did I say? You said... something about, um... buying the wrong candy or mooching off your bonbons. No, no, it was something about getting the wrong seats in the theater or getting butter flavor on the popcorn? No, that wasn't it. You know, honestly, man, I really can't remember. Me, either. But I only said what I said because of what you said. So, wait. It‐it sounds like there's really nothing to apologize for. Hmm. Guess not. Well, then what do you say we just forget all this and you move back in. Look, I'm not telling you. I'm asking you. I don't know. I don't know. Ladies might take it kind of hard. I have a feeling they're gonna be okay with this. Alright? Oh, and I got a welcome‐back present for you. A sink full of dirty dishes. A‐ha! It's your week. Yeah, well, uh, maybe I'll just stay with the ladies until‐‐ a‐ha!‐‐ it's your week. So, well, maybe we can just bend the rules a little bit. That what I thought. Uh‐huh. Oh, and... and there was nothing clogging up the toilet. Uh, yeah, I know. Think you're slick, don't you? Watchdog. Bow‐wow. Now that Overton's not staying with us, I really miss him. He's only been gone 30 minutes. It's not the same. It's just not the same. The fact that they had to stay here at all is ridiculous. And Kyle talking about how petty women are. Those two were just childish. For real. I mean, falling out over nothing. Well, now, you wouldn't be too pleased if I blurted out your business. We do that all day. Yes, but you would have killed me if I had told everybody that when you were 13 you had a crush on Jimmy Walker. Ooh! Mmm! You damn skippy. Matter of fact, you need to forget you know that bit of information. Ooh! How about freshman year in college, when Khadijah belched in the star quarterback's face. Oh, God. After eating onions. Well, mine tops all those. When we were five, Khadijah used to have luncheons with her dollies. Synclaire, that's not embarrassing. She breast‐fed them. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 