Living Single: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Living Single 
 s1e4 - A Kiss Before Lying - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Living Single (1993–1998): Season 1, Episode 4 - A Kiss Before Lying - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Now see, the beauty of a chain lock is that it allows you to open the door while still maintaining your personal security. ‐ Okay, then. ‐ Hey... stay tuned.. Well, uh, it worked on paper. Something's wrong with the water. Girl, this is New York, you've to be more specific. It's the pressure. My water massage just doesn't pulsate the way it used to. Oh, and just after you named it. Now, now ladies. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No need to fear, there's a handy man on the premise. ‐ Can you fix it? ‐ Can I fix it? Does a baby cow drink till it's full? ♪ Check check check it out ♪ ♪ Check check check it out ♪ ♪ What you want no free position ♪ ♪ We are living single oh ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Yes we are living the single life yeah ♪ ♪ We are living single ohh ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Ooh in a '90s kind of world ♪ ♪ I'm glad I got my girls ♪ ♪ Keep your head up what? ♪ ♪ Keep your head up That's right ♪ ♪ Whenever this life get tough ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ You got to fight with ♪ ♪ My homegirls standing to my left ♪ ♪ And my right? ♪ ♪ True blue ♪ ♪ And tight like glue ♪ ♪ We are living ♪ ♪ Check check check it out ♪ ♪ Check check check it out ♪ ♪ Single ♪ ♪ What you want no free position ♪ ♪ In the 90's kind of world ♪ ♪ I'm glad I got my girls ♪ Powwow with the posse. It's urgent. What's up, yo? ‐ Greg called. ‐ Ohh.. Tell me this is not the Greg I'm thinking of. Tell me this is Greg the Mailman. Tell me it's Greg the Bald‐Headed Barber. You better tell me it's Greg Brady. No, it's the Greg. He left four messages on my machine today. Oh, ho, that's nice. Don't call him back. Greg? The one you went out with for five years then when your career took off and his didn't he packed his raggy old duffel bag and left you, that Greg? Okay, you might have heard me mention him. So, how many times did you listen to the messages? What kind of question is that? "How many times did I listen to the messages?" Eight. Maybe he wants you back. Oh, it's so romantic. It's just like Romeo and Juliet, Rhett and Scarlett. Peaches and Herb. Oh, please. The brother ain't called the girl in over a year. That's right, and maybe you forgot how trifling he was but you still got dents in your butt from where he dropped you. Well, I just want Greg to know that I've moved on and I'm doing fine without him and I haven't given him a second a thought. Put it in a postcard. Well, checked the shower. As I suspected, it's the water pressure. That's what I told you. ‐ Well, now it's official. ‐ Agh.. Don't worry, 'cause I took the handyman oath. I won't rest till it's fixed. And what exactly is the handyman oath? "I won't rest till it's fixed." I'm calling Greg. Well, go ahead and call him with your weak self. Don't worry, Khadijah. Time has made me wiser. Hey, Greg, Max. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm fine, you're fine. What do you want? Dinner tomorrow? Well, since you're only going to be in town one day I guess we could work something out. You are so weak. No, it's just Khadijah. She says hi. Someone special? Sure. Your fiancee? Click. Hang up. Dial tone. Dial tone. Well, congratulations. Yes. I guess I'll see you both tomorrow night. Alright, bye‐bye. Did you just agree to have dinner with Greg and his fiancee? I think so. Those braids are tighter than I thought. 'Kyle..' we have traded insults back and forth but this is just downright... mean. Go put some clothes on! Go. Please go. For your edification this is called a bath robe. Known only to those who actually engage in personal hygiene. Oh... Kyle, what the hell you want? Is Overton down here messing with the water again? He just left, you have to wear that funk for another month. And why are you so evil? Well, today it's because she found out her ex‐boyfriend's getting married. Oh, Max. Oh, baby, I'm sorry. But you know, don't worry about it. One day, you going to look back on this whole thing and laugh. But today... it's my turn. So, Max, what are you going to do about Greg? What can I do? Have dinner with him. Just have to figure out where. 'Cause we can't have dinner at my apartment. We had sex there. Well, what about his hotel? Can't. We had sex there. Well, what about your favorite restaurant? Can't, we had.. Too many memories. Light bulb. Big idea. Ask me how big. Gonna tell you anyway. ‐ Max, have dinner here. ‐ Here? Yes, so we can support you, back you up. Whoa. Wait, wait, wait. Hold up, yo, I live here, too and I'm not so sure I want his musty ass up in here. You mean to tell me you're not the least bit curious to see what Greg's fiancee looks like? Alright, I'll do it for you. That is, unless you and Greg had sex here, too. We won't be eating on the kitchen table, will we? My grandmother used to fold these cloth napkins into beautiful doves. It's a family secret. I wish she had taught it to me. Ooh, where did you learn how to cook this chi‐chi food? Khadijah, you forget I dated one of the finest chefs in the country. You dated a sales rep from Mrs. Paul's. But he was fine. What is all of this mess? Well, Max told me that Greg is allergic to chocolate and seafood. Chocolate‐covered shrimp? Hey, now, Regine, what are these? Beignets. They're French. ‐ 'Umm..' ‐ Ah. One of your recipes from les projects. Just have one more minor adjustment and then.. Oh, beignets. Overton, aren't you done yet? Maybe we should just call a plumber. A plumber? Oh, ye of little faith. Remember the oath? There ain't a problem I can't fix. Eh, I thought the oath was, "I won't rest till it's fixed"? Well, I guess I took two oaths. Stop! Well, listen, we're expecting dinner guests so could you hurry it up? Alright, alright. I can take a hint. I don't need a brick to fall on me... again. Y'all did a great job setting up in the living room. Oh, beignets. And where did you get that great dining table? ‐ Umm. ‐ Don't even think about it. We borrowed it from a church. So, Max, which millionaire lawyer did you get to be your date for the evening? I don't need anybody by my side. That's right. Max don't need to play games. Oh, please, she agreed to this she may as well play along. She'll appear stronger alone. She'll appear alone alone. 'Hey..' Girl's got a point. Max, I strongly suggest you get one of your boy‐toys over here and have him pretend that he's your steady. I'm not gonna lie like that for Greg. Well, now, "lie" is such an ugly word. I'm simply suggesting that you embellish. I don't need to. I'm a lawyer. I have a great job, I make a lot of money and I look great tonight. See, you can embellish. I'll get it. Stop! Maxine Shaw, if you do nothing else for yourself tonight please, make an entrance. Don't be getting the door like you the maid. Synclaire, honey, get the door. I will get it. You know, Max, it's not too late to call this whole thing off. It's no big deal. It's a simple dinner, I've been over him for months, I'm fine. ‐ Hi. ‐ Hi. Hi. ‐ Come on in. ‐ 'Thank you.' Welcome. Help! So, Max, how have you been? And what is that supposed to mean? Aah... Khadijah, you haven't changed a bit. Yeah, you better remember that, money. This is my fiancee, Susan. 'Excuse me.' Pardon me. Coming through. Hot stuff. Look out. Hey, I'm Overton. Alright, let's get this dinner started. Max, it is so good to see you. I mean, who'd have thought we get to a point where I'd be introducing you to my fiancee, huh? Not me. Uh, Khadijah, could I see you in the kitchen? Something's burning. Damn, he's fine. Don't you think he's fine? Who cares what you think? Brother's fine! He looks the same as the day he left you. I thought I could handle this. I said I could handle this. I lied. Khadijah, get rid of him. Give me ten seconds. Wait a minute. I can't back out now. Okay, just give me a cigarette, and I'll be fine. Max, you don't smoke. Then shoot me now 'cause I'm not going back out there! Excuse me. What is going on in here? Max is having second thoughts. What, abou.. Oh. Now, girl, please, now you know this whole fiancee‐thing is just a front, right? I mean, the brother is gay. Gay? If a man is in a room more than five minutes with me and he does not stare he's gay. Duh. Come on. Come on, now, get out there. You can do it. Well, Susan, that massage class sounds wonderful. Well, I thought it'd be helpful after Greg pulled a muscle on the court in Madrid. Oh, my girl can work miracles. She can smooth out a knot anywhere on my body. So, Max, you still get that kink in your neck whenever you're stressed? No, not since I passed the bar. Let's eat. Oh, don't mind me. I'm just fixing things. No, no, don't offer me nothing to drink. I just be working up a thirst fixing things. Overton, would you like something to drink? Nah. Not when I'm under oath. So, Susan, what do you do for a living? Well, I used to be a flight attendant. No. Susan quit her job when we got engaged so she could travel with me. I mean, sure, we have less income but... money can't buy happiness, huh? Aww, that's true but it can buy you a shiny red Mercedes and you can drive up real close to it. Max, being a lawyer must be a real challenge. Nah, not for Max. She's tough. She just chews people up and spits them out. Isn't that you, Max? Ha‐ha.. Yeah. I'll get it. Kyle. Oh, pardon me. Honey! Could I see you in the kitchen a moment? So, Susan, you know, you look awfully familiar. Where did you go to school? Oh, I went to a small private school called Eastland. Hmm. Never heard of it. So, so, wait, let me get this straight you want me to be your man? That's what I heard. Just for tonight, just through dinner. Do you know what this could do to my reputation? Yes, and you can pay me later. You got an awfully smart mouth for somebody who's so desperate. I am not. I see an ex‐boyfriend a fine fiancee and a spinster. Okay, I'll give you anything you want. Name your price. Oh, come on, Max, I'm disappointed. Now, look, I know we may go off on each other every now and again, but we're friends, right? And you're in trouble, baby, of course, I'll help you out. Thanks, Kyle. I owe you. I am going to enjoy being your man. Susan, Greg, this is my man, Kyle. My apologies for being late. Max always gets on me about my lateness. I hope she gets on me later. Excuse us. Kyle is your man? Okay, I know it goes against everything I stand for but work with me on this one, okay? I look pitiful out there. Kyle is your man? Greg has a beautiful Barbie doll who quit her job just to cater to him, and what do I have? A job, a treadmill and a bunch of girlfriends to grow old with. Well, you ain't growing old with me 'cause I'm gonna gets me a man. But getting back to my original question Kyle is your man? Yes, for now, for tonight. I don't want Greg to leave here I don't want Greg to leave this country thinking he got the best of me. Well, Max, you're doing exactly what you said you would never do for that man you're lying. Well, after tonight we will have all learned our lesson but, right now, Greg needs to learn his. Well, good luck with Kyle as your man. Baby, I missed you. So how about a kiss for your ebony prince, huh? Not in front of the guests. Oh, I'm sure they won't mind not one little kiss, hm? That's really sweet. And confusing. Don't they make a cute couple? I'm glad they got together. So did I tell you how I swept this girl off her feet, huh? Well, I must have missed this story. When we first met it was in a small bistro in the West Village. Who knew, a few hours later I'd be wrapping her body in the Wall Street Journal and we'd be playing stocks and bondage? Honey.. I thought we weren't gonna tell that story again, ever. Mm! Yeah, Kyle, that was not a good one. Pfft. And you two met how? On a flight to Spain. We both love Europe. In fact, we're gonna spend our honeymoon in Paris. It's the one place we haven't been. ‐ Oh, you'll love it there. ‐ You've been? Kyle flew us there for a week. Just on a whim. That's very romantic. Yeah, I'm that kind of guy. Can you, uh, recommend some places to eat? Well, we didn't get out much. I'm that kind of guy. Well, Kyle, didn't you tell me you both enjoyed Maxim's? Yes, Maxim's. ‐ Fabulous cuisine. ‐ Mm‐hm. And a cute little waiter who folded the napkins like birds. ‐ Ah, Paree! ‐ Ah, yes. Show them the pictures. Maybe later. You know I have to be honest with you I was a little unsure about coming over here. It could have been a little uncomfortable, but you guys‐‐. Oh, but, baby, I knew it wouldn't be 'cause everybody's happy with who they are. I got my woman Max has her man.. I'm in the starting lineup again and, Max, you'll get where you wanna be someday. Someday? Baby, you didn't tell him. My girl just made partner. Yeah. Oh, okay. Was I surprised when that happened. And the first African‐American woman ever. 'Cause, you know, that Claire Huxtable wasn't real. And then let me tell you Max is being groomed for the supreme court, okay? Has a meeting with Clarence Thomas next week. ‐ To Max ‐ To Max‐‐. Enough! Enough! This is crazy. Greg, Kyle is not my boyfriend. 'I'm not a partner at my firm' I've never been anywhere near Paris but none of this is reason enough for my friends to sit here trying to make my life seem better than it is by lying to you. Hey, Max, Jesse Jackson just called. And he said he would be more than happy to preside over your nuptials. We're not lying anymore? Sorry I feel like such an idiot. Max, it's okay, I accept your apology. I owe you at least that. You also owe me 16 bucks for the dry cleaning you stuck me with. Oh, you still have my Armani suit? Sorry. Caught fire somehow. You know, I didn't believe for a minute that Kyle was your man. 'That kiss you gave him' nothing but lip not your usual style. Greg, why did you bother to call me after all this time? ‐ We needed to talk. ‐ Oh, yeah. And it took you a whole year and a fiancee to figure that one out. Well, I'm about to take a pretty major step in my life. ‐ And I just want you to‐‐ ‐ What? Give you my blessing? Well, I ain't the Pope. I'm not really here for your approval. I just wanted you to know that I've missed you and I realize that when I left the way I left well, not only was I losing a lover I lost my best friend. That is such crap. And I'm not falling for it this time. Truth is, you were wrong and now you feel guilty and you want me to free up your conscience. Oh, you really are bitter because I left. Max, we just weren't meant to be. I know that. And I can't thank you enough for moving on and making room for the right man to come into my life 'and, you know, it wasn't even until just now' that I realize what's been bothering me all this time. It wasn't that you just packed your raggedy duffle bag and left. It was that you didn't even bother take the time to say goodbye. I didn't know how. Let me show you. Goodbye, Greg. Pressure's back! 'I'm telling you' these lips are lethal. Greg's lips may be kissing Susan tonight but they'll be thinking Max! Yes! Well, I'm just glad the brother is gone. Now you can move on with your life. Amen! Although I did have some fun while they were here. Why do we even put ourselves through all of this nonsense for people we don't even care about anymore? 'Cause deep down there's still a little love left? That ain't it. Because it's all about playing the game. It's about appearances. ‐ That ain't it. ‐ I know what it is. 'Cause we won't feel better till they feel worse. ‐ Now, there it is. ‐ 'There it is.' ‐ That's it, girl. ‐ Yeah, yeah, I know. 'Look, Khadijah, we have messages.' 'Okay, you put the groceries in the kitchen' 'I‐I'll get the machine.' 'Hello, Regine, this is Robert.' 'Remember me from Mrs. Paul's?' 'I know I haven't talked to you in a while, well, two years' 'but I've been thinking about you, and hey' 'I'm gonna be here for one day and I was wondering' 'if we could, you know..' 'Whoo! What a day at the boutique, hm!' 'Hey, girl, any calls for me?' 'Nope, nothing.' OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 