Blue Murder: Season 4, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Blue Murder 
 s4e2 - Desperate Measures - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Blue Murder (2003–2009): Season 4, Episode 2 - Desperate Measures - full transcript 
 DCI Jeanine Lewis and her team investigate the murder of Dr. Donald Haliwell who was shot as he was leaving his surgery. There are several possible suspects. He had just been exonerated at a Coroner's Inquest over the drug overdose death of a young woman whose mother, Marcie Young, believes he reduced their daughter's methadone dosage too quickly. Then there's a young associate, Dr. McKee, who has just learned that he was to be released at the end of his contract. Lastly, the surgery in question had previously been the subject of a burglary by the Wilson gang and the police had intelligence that the gang was planning another major robbery. Staff at the surgery also think Dr. Halliwell may have been stealing drugs. The solution definitely lies in a connection with the surgery. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [chatter from tv] REPORTER [ON TV]: And that'syour Manchester weather. In local news, [inaudible] GPDonald Halliwell said yesterday that while he sympathized withthe family of Jasmine Young, he couldn't be held responsible for the drug overdose that caused her death. It'll be all right, darling. I'll see you later, yes? REPORTER [ON TV]: --that he was convinced that Dr. Halliwell had doneall that he could to treat Jasmine's drug addiction. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I would like to extend my sympathy to Jasmine Young's family. The loss of this young womanis a tragedy for all concerned. I think the coroner returneda sensible and fair verdict. All I want to do now is to carry on serving the patients in my communityto the very best of my ability. Nothing can bring Jasmine back. But that doesn't mean I do nothing. It doesn't stop here. This is injustice. This is a mockery. MRS. YOUNG [ON TV]: We're goingto get an independent review for Jasmine. And if that doesn't work,we'll go to the ombudsman. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Don, how are you? Well done. No fuss, please. Dee, can you add Marjorie Keynsham to my list of home visits? Will do. Don, could I have a word, please? Not now, Fraser. Surgery. What about this afternoon? Possibly. [sighing] Take this to the registrar,and he'll issue a leave for the death certificate. Thank you. Sad business. It'll get easier, Roy. Life goes on. I am the senior partner. It's my decision whether weoffer you a partnership or not. Look, you can't to this to me. I need a partnership, OK? I was relying on it. I'm totally screwed now. Fraser, calm down. FRASER: This isn't about my competence. It's about you wanting to ruleyour own little empire where there's only your way of doing things, and no one else is allowed an opinion. Enough. Sod off. You still here? Paperwork. And Fraser? I think he got the message. [beeping] WOMAN [ON RECORDING]: Thisis the [inaudible] Surgery. We are now closed. If you need a doctor urgently,please redial [inaudible].. [gunfire] [chatter on police radio] Shap, what we got? Uh, Donald Halliwell,62, general practitioner. Cleaner found him. He's still warm. Cause of death? Three gunshot wounds to the chest. That might have something to do with it. Oh. You're good. You're wasted here. You got an appointment? I think I'm a bit late. No sign of any disturbance. Weird one, this. That's the car he came to work in. It's registered to his wife, Pamela. Boss, this is Ms Ling, practicemanager and key holder. Ms Ling, I'm DCI Lewis. I'm going to be running this inquiry. DI Mayne. - Who could do such a thing?- I know. I'm sorry. It must have come as a terrible shock. Listen, have there beenany other violent incidents recently? Any threats to Dr. Halliwell? No. Dr. Halliwell, did he usually have a bag? Yes, a briefcase. MAYNE: Well, it's missing. What would be in it? His prescription pad and a first aid kit. Any drugs? Only small amounts. Single doses for emergency use. Thank you. Boss, this is the doctorwho's been in the news over the Jasmine Young inquiries. He'll be getting morethan his 15 minutes of fame now, won't he? Yeah, we've spoken to everyoneexcept a Dr. Fraser Mekee, one of two other GPs. He's not answering his phone or his mobile. All right, get a car, takeit over there, see if he's in. [doorbell] [buzzer] [knocking] Hello, Dr. Mekee? Hello? Dr. Mekee? Dr. Mekee? Boss, Mekee's not here and his car's missing. But someone's run his house over big style. His house? It's trashed. I've put out an ops for Mekee and his car. And I'm just going through contacts to see if anyone's heard from him. Right. This photo of Mekee, can we get it copied? Yeah. His car is gone, his house has been trashed. It's like someone'sreally got it in for him. This thing just got bigger. Second victim? Or he's involved. What, and he's trashed his ownplace to keep us off the scent? Well, who's the informed next of kin? Oh. Thanks, Shappers. All right, come on, Goody. First time for everything. Keep trying Mekee's phone. OK. Well, it's not just a bitof mindless vandalism, is it? It's been rammed. [inaudible] Well, Halliwell, Mekee'shouse, now Halliwell's car. [buzzer] [piano playing scales] Mrs. Halliwell? Yes? I'm Detective Sergeant Shap. This is DC Goodall. Can we come in, please? They told Don they'd send someone tomorrow. Will this take long, really? I've got a pupil. Perhaps you could ask them to leave. Yes, of course. Jordan, I'm sorry. You're going to have to leave. The police are here. I think it's probably to do with the-- Competition. Would you mind just-- thanks. All right. Bye, Jordan. See you next week. Oh, come in. Please, sit down, Mrs. Halliwell. We have some very bad news, I'm afraid. I'm sorry to have to tell youthat your husband has been the victim of a violent attack. He's been hurt? I'm sorry. He's dead. Oh, no. Oh, please. How? What happened? He was found outside the surgery. He appears to have been shot. Mrs. Halliwell, when didyou last see your husband? When he left for work this morning, about quarter past 8:00. And I take it he took your car. Yes, his-- well, you saw it. I thought that's why you were here. Yeah. What happened to his car? We were asleep last night,and there was the most almighty crash, terrible noise. And then the sound of a car screeching away. Don went to look, and someonehad just driven right into it. Do you know who? No! Did your husband own a gun? A gun? Yeah, I want a forensic examon the victim's car, currently at the home address. Full tow to garage and cross-reference. See if there's any materialfrom the car that hit it and any evidence of thatvehicle at the crime scene. He's just arrived, sir. Any sign of him? MAN: Gonna need a recoveryvehicle as soon as you can. Boss, we've got Mekee's car involved in an RTI, found near the canal in Castlefield. Is he hurt? No, he's not here. There's a bullet in the driver's side. It looks like he's injured. Well, what do you think has gone on? Has someone run him off the road? It's hard to tell, Richard. There's no one else about. I don't like this. It keeps escalating. Well, Frank, there's not a lot of-- Hello? You gotta help me. I need protection. My name is Dr. Fraser Mekee. Someone's trying to kill me. Look here, sir. I'd like to take some details. Can you tell us a bit about what happened? I went home, and my house, right, it was completely wrecked. I mean, I'm talking they smashed the whole place. Do you know what I mean? I knew when it meant. It meant they were after me,so I had to get out of there. So I got in my car. I started driving. I didn't know where to go. They'll be looking for me. And then the news about Don came on the radio. Right, they killed Don. Oh, god. And then my house and, youknow, I didn't know what to do. And then this car, this car came up behind me. It pushed me off the road. The car turned over, right-- I thought I'd had it. And then I got out, and I just ran. Then I made my way here. And all I could think about all time was getting to you, to the police for help. Do you know what I mean? What time did you leave work? About 5:30. And Dr. Halliwell was still there, yeah? Yeah, yeah. You sound as though youknow who's behind all this. Yeah, it was the Wilson crew. I mean, they've broken into the surgery before. They've obviously come back,and Don's got in the way, hasn't he? Well, no one was ever convicted for the previous break-in. Yeah, but everyone knewit was them, didn't they? You know, guns and stuffand the state of my house, who else could it be? If we accept for a moment that Dr. Halliwell was shot becausehe interrupted an attempted break-in, you see, I justdon't understand why this same people should want to vandalize your house and threaten your lives. Well, because they can, can't they? I mean, that's what they do, isn't it? They-- they intimidate people. Can you tell me a bit more about this car? Yeah, it was a dark saloonwith blacked out windows. Could you see how many people were in it? No. Was there any actual impact that might help us with forensics? I'm not sure. You know, I was-- I was panicking. It all happened so fast. - Yeah. Was the road busy? - No. Did the other car stop? Uh-- no, he didn't. No. I mean, I don't know. I was-- I was out cold.I don't know how long for. Most of you know DI Roperfrom Operation Excalibur, our gun crime operation. - Morning. Morning. Don't get up. We won't. Where are the Wilson crew at present? We have the inner circle, thehalf a dozen people at the top, under close surveillance. We know there was talk of another burglary, but it wasn't planned yet. We can confirm that they wereparty to the property damage to Fraser Mekee's house yesterday, but not to Halliwell's murder.- Right. What about the attack on Halliwell's car? Yeah, and Mekee's. No, neither. Do you know why they ransacked Mekee's place? Not yet. But just because we ruled outthe top dogs for the shooting, it could still be a gang member. He's an unusualtarget, though, isn't he? A well-respected family GP. Now, I'll grant you that. Obviously we-- we don't [inaudible].. OK. You don't want uspulling in your suspects. There's no need. The leaders are clear for the murder. And no one wants 18 monthsof work down the drain picking them up for criminal damage. But we have no problem withyou continuing your inquiries into the wider membership. It's appreciated. Thanks very much, Bob. - OK, thanks. - Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Very noble. Excalibur, right. And Operation Regal King Size. Who thinks up these poncy names? They're meant to sound heroic. Yeah, but all they do is [inaudible].. Come on, he saved us-- [interposing voices] All right, all right. Let's discuss this over a cup of coffee. [inaudible] - Good idea. So, the Wilson crew trashed Mekee's house, but someone else ran him off the road. He's a popular guy. - Yeah. Well, like King Arthur said,maybe it was an offshoot gang. Yeah, but the last burglary, they got away with computer stuff, some prescription pads, and some control drugs. The alarm went off, but by thetime [inaudible] responded, they had licked it. This time they come in at the end of the day, Halliwell is stillthere, he confronts them, someone shoots him. Let's talk to Halliwell's colleagues. Gupta's a partner in the practice, and there's Mekee, who's a registrar, there's a nurse, a receptionist. Also, let's talk to the patients. A place like that, you getall sorts of nutters, junkies. Sick people [inaudible] doctor. What, no one's checked your bits? Don't need a doctor for that, [inaudible].. Queasy [inaudible]. What about a patient with a grudge? Does Halliwell's car and then shoots him? Yeah, let's look into that. Other actions? We're [inaudible] from the area. We're looking at activityfrom the same people, cars, same as the house to house. And I [inaudible] making sure we got the timeline exactly right. OK. Let's meet back at 5:30 PM. Reports should be ready by then. Here's a list of Don'sappointments for yesterday, including the home visits. Ms Ling, we know that Dr. Halliwell was a very popular GP, but did he ever have any threats made against him? Oh. Well, we all get our share of abuse here. It comes with the territory. But it's only from a small minority. What about formal complaints? Marcy Young, and her daughter Jasmine. Yeah. Halliwell attempted the inquest on Monday, boss. That's right. Accidental death. Jasmine was a heroin user, and when she died from anoverdose of street drugs, Mrs. Young instigated a formal complaint. She believed that Dr.Halliwell had reduced Jasmine's methadone dosage too quickly. Anyhow, the coroner exonerated Don, but the complaint processstill has to run its course. How did Dr. Halliwell get along with the rest of the staff? Fine. Well, except for Fraser. Some sort of [inaudible]going on yesterday. Fraser had a face like thunder. Could have caught the atmosphere in chunks. He was a good man, good doctor, friend. All good? Well, we had to coax him a little bit, some of the new initiatives. But he was highlyregarded by his patients. His list was invariably full. And what about his colleagues? Dr. Mekee? Don didn't feel that Fraser was right for us in the long run. He was giving him the boot? He would complete his year, but then he would have to look elsewhere, yes. Is there anything else youcould think of to tell me? The day before, on Monday, there was a four by four outside, a blue one. It was parked across the street. It was a little odd. I mean, surgery had finished,so they clearly weren't there to pick up anyone. Was there anyone in it? There was a man. I couldn't really make him out. He was wearing a cap. Registration? I'm sorry. On Monday, do you remember seeing anyone parked across the street? No. Did you notice anyone hanging around when you left on Tuesday? I'm sorry. It's just so awful. So, we have traces ofpaint from another vehicle on this one. Well, that's clean. No traces on this vehicle at all. I know. Hiya, boss. No match between the cars. No. Nothing to show that Mekee'swas run by the same vehicle. Tuesday afternoon, you argue with Don Halliwell about your future at the practice. Two hours later, he's dead. And our traffic investigators haven't found any evidence of another vehicle involved in your car crash. Omissions, inconsistencies,what are you hiding? Nothing. Nothing about the shooting? No. No, I've got nothing to do with it. Honestly. Well, prove it. Stop lying. What about the argument with Halliwell? OK. I wanted to talk to himabout being made a partner. I needed a rise. He said that I didn't fit in,and they're going to let me go. Why was that? Because he couldn't standthe competition, that's what. I could see he was making mistakes, and I let him know about it. Mistakes? Yeah. Jasmine Young, for one. OK. So you argued, you left, and you went home. You find out that yourhouse has been done over, so you flee in your car. Then you come back to us for help. What's that all about? This is a murder inquiry. You've been less than honest with us. I suggest you start now. All right. All right. I'm in debt, OK? I owe thousands. I got into a mess of student loan, credit card, the house, sailboat. I went to this loans office,this guy called Barry Stroud. Do you know him? - Yeah. He's [inaudible] Wilson crew.- Yeah. Well, I know that now. Well, he gave me a loan. A professional man like you, good salary. Why'd you go to him? Because the bank wouldn'tentertain me, would they? I was over-extended. I couldn't keep up the installments, and Stroud offered me a wayout, a payment in kind-- if I helped them break in. Yesterday? No, before. I had to make sure the alarm was off. - But the alarm run. - Yeah. Well, they reset it on the way out when they were leaving, didn't they,to throw people off the track. Anyway, they wanted a repeat performance, and I wouldn't do it. And then Stroud started threatening me. And then yesterday I went back to my house, saw the state of that, and thought, well, I'm going to benext, you know what I mean? And I didn't know where to go. I got in my car. And then the news aboutDon's death was on the radio, and I just panicked, andI lost control of the car. It was stupid. So it was an accident? Yeah. What about the blacked out saloon? They killed Don. Why do that? Well, as a warning. You know, because Iwouldn't do what they said, so they killed him. That's a bit extreme. Look, if they find out, right, what-- what kind of protection do I get? I want all this in a written statement. I advise you not to go home. I'll refer you to our witness support scheme. What, is that it? Just the charge. Fraser Mekee, I'mcharging you with conspiracy to commit theft. So there is no connectionbetween our murder and the Fraser Mekee incidents. They're separate inquiries. Mekee's retracted his statement. He's out on bail, lying low.- GMC? Yeah, not too far down. We'll have to strike him off. God, what a waste. All that training. You know, Michael's gota student loan, hasn't he? Credit cards! Tea's up! So, what about the post-mortem? Any surprises? Yeah, I've got it here. The victim was in good health, nothing to lead us to the identificationof the assailant or assailants. Cat hairs were found on the ground, but there's no way of knowing if they were brought there by the killer. Or a cat. Or irrelevant. So what do you reckon, a botched robbery our most likely scenario? That doesn't explain thedamage done to Halliwell's car several hours earlier. For that, we're looking for a large blue vehicle with a powerful engine. The four by four, as seen byGupta, fits the specs for that. So what if it's not an attempted burglary? Novices, youngerbrothers upping the stakes, trying to impress. I mean, it was a cold-blooded killing. Halliwell's a random choice. Wrong place, wrong time. Other angles? - Can we rule out the family?- Well, there's no kids. It's just the wife. But there's nothing to suggest her involvement. But there might be adifferent view from someone. You two broke the news. It seemed genuine. Could've beenpracticing in the mirror. That's what I love about you, Shappers, is your faith in humanity. Butchers, anything on the patients? Patients? I've got-- this, [inaudible]. Nothing could bring Jasmine back. But that doesn't mean I do nothing. It doesn't stop here. This is injustice. This is a mockery. Now, just wait. We're going to get anindependent review for Jasmine. And if that doesn't work,we'll go to the ombudsman. These professionals, they need to start listening to us, to the families. And we need to stand up forourselves and for those that are vulnerable, like Jasmine. Because no one listens to them. It's a good speech. She's got an ax to grind. Yeah, but she's goingthrough the official channels. It'd be a fair few years before she's exhausted all her options. Then, and only then, maybe she'dtake it into her own hands, but-- Hey, someone's already beat her to it. Yeah, but let's see her anyway, along with any other disgruntled patients who warrant a closer look. Butchers, be working your wayback, talking to all the people Halliwell saw on the Tuesday? If you need a pair of legs, use Shappers. And keep your ears open at the surgery. All right then. Hello? Tom? Where's Dad? Oh, he's probably got heldup with Alfie somewhere. Did you ring him? Dad's not [inaudible]. Who? PETE [ON MACHINE]: Please leave a message. Yeah, Pete, Tom wasexpecting to see you tonight. Could you call me back, please? It'd be nice to call him too maybe. Text, smoke signal. Oh, hold on a sec. Boss, ballistics. DCI Lewis. Yeah. Aaron Matthews, yeah. Same weapon, used in ashooting here two years ago. Convicted, but the gun was never found. Yeah, thanks very much. Press read on your remote now. Aaron Matthews, knownassociate of the Wilson crew. He's not one of Excalibur's targets? No, no, no. He's just done 20 months for assault with a firearm, released last month. Timing's sweet. Whereabouts, Lisa, and warrants. Might still be carrying.Armed response? LEWIS: Yeah. [police chatter on radio] Aaron Matthews, we're armed police. Come to the door. Show yourself now. Contact! That's it. Come to walk to me. Walk towards me. Keep coming, keep coming, keep coming. Down on your knees. On your knees right now. On your stomach. Down, down. Cross your legs. Cuff him. Aaron Matthews, I'm arrestingyou on suspicion of murder. You don't-- [interposing voices] Suspect at large, heading down Green Lane. Black male, 6 foot 2, wearing a gray vest top. [police siren] Stand still! - We got him. - It's OK. He's ours. He's already cuffed. Get him up. I don't know anything about no murder, man. I stowed the gun before I went down. I'm not part of that no more. Yeah, right. You think it's easy? I walked away. Now you all have come andmessed it all up again. They hear about this, they think I'm a snitch. You might as well but a target on my back. Put him in the car. Come on. Get him in the car. Come on. We'd like to do a gunshot residue test. After this long? You must be desperate. [beeping] Yeah, boss. Aaron Matthews is apatient of Dr. Halliwell. Yeah, prior relationship. Could give us another part of the puzzle. Prepared statement. Right, Lisa, you ready? Yeah. And I know nothing of theoffense or those involved. [inaudible] It won't be long. All right. Where were you between the hours of 6:00 and 7:00 PM on Tuesday? No comment. The weapon used in this shooting is the one that was in yourpossession, the one you used to commit your last offense. Where's that gun now? No comment. Shortly after your arrest, you claimed that you'd sold that gun. Inspector, my client wasnot under caution then. According to PACE rules,police and criminal evidence-- Yeah, I know what it stands for. Interview suspended. It says here you cautioned him. I started it, and then hedid his great escape thing, and I must have-- I forgot to complete it. Or to tell me. Christ, Lisa, he's our chief suspect. He's a gang member who we can link to the gun. And now we can't use a bloody word of it. Nothing that was said in the car. Now he's no comment. I'm really sorry. Oi, goody two shoes. What did you hold your hands up for? It was your word against his. You should have just [inaudible].. 10 years ago no one would have given a toss. Oi! I'll pretend I didn't hear that. His gunshot residue is clear. Bit of a stretch anyway. Doesn't mean he didn't fire the gun, but he could have cleaned it up. It does mean we have nothing solid. Nothing solid? He's used the weapon before. He won't talk to us. He's resisted arrest. Him and Halliwell knew each other. All this stuff about turningover a new leaf is crap. There's nothing from his flat, nothing to place him at the scene. We keep working, and we bring him back in when we've got cause. He's out on license. We could do him for resisting arrest. I want to do him for murder. Get rid of him. Do you want me to talk to Lisa? I'm going to have a word tomorrow. She's a good cop. She shows promise. We all make mistakes. Yeah, and we all haveto face the consequences. You know, if someone was a bitdizzy-like, what could that be? Do you want a coffee, Dawn? No thanks. Could be loads of things. Could be blood pressure. Did you get it checked? Dawn will do it for you. No. It's OK. We-- we got a few complaintsabout Dr. Halliwell. What did you think of him? He was great. Well, he liked being the boss. Didn't want his patients chipping in with ideas. Doctor knows best-- that sort of thing. And mistakes? Oh, he never made any mistakes. Isn't that what theyalways used to teach you? He was a good man. How could you stand thereand talk about him like that? Is she always like that? She's upset? It's not just me, then? It's just, every time I appear, she vanishes. It's nothing personal. It's just a situation, isn't it? Don't shoot the messenger. Not the best choice of words, that. PETE [ON PHONE]: Janine, hi. Pete, can you come over, please? PETE [ON PHONE]: It's a bit tricky [inaudible].. Well, he's portable, isn't he? I've not super-glued him to the cot. I'm here all evening. - Yeah. Let's see if we can get him down. [baby crying] Sorry, kid. We better start again. Eh, Alfie? Eh? I got him down. Eventually. See, I end up making excuses for you, and I don't want to hear it. I knew it'd be difficultwhen Alfie first arrived, but he's older now. You need to make time for them as well. It's not that easy. I don't care, Pete. You promised. You owe them. They don't need you anyless because they're bigger. I know. In fact, they need you more, especially Tom. Janine, Tina's got postnatal depression. She can't get out of bed. She can't even feed him. It's all I can do to turn upfor my shifts, look after her, and the baby. We're really struggling. Oh god, Pete. Has she seen the doctor? Yeah. Yeah, well, until the medication kicks in. Why didn't you tell me? I'll explain it to the kids. At least they won't think you've traded them in for a younger model. Cheers. Do you fancy a drink? Oh, I'd love a drink. [pouring liquid] [police sirens] [sobbing] Right. Back to basics, everyone. Our killer had access to a gun. Aaron Matthews is gone, whichgives us three possibilities. Matthews fired the gun, the killer obtained the gun from Matthewsand used it, or got someone else to use it for them. Thank you. We've had to let Matthews go, but he's still our number one suspect. So what we're going to dois we go through everything we've got at link to Aaron Matthews. That's family and friends,gang members, wannabes. That [inaudible]. It's got to be one of theirs, doesn't it? Has anyone on that board beenchucking prescriptions around, bragging about a shooting? Well, we have an indirect link. Yeah? Aaron Matthews' uncle is Howard King. Known to us? No. But he is Marcy Young's boyfriend. Yeah, he was showing off outside the inquiry. Howard King could have gotthe gun off Aaron Matthews, on Marcy's behalf. She was in the area. She's in the house to house reports. Yeah, but she lives in the area, Lisa. No. Here, she was seen out in thevicinity just before half 6:00. Right. So that gives us motive, means, and opportunity. See, we thought this was eithera gang crime or something to do with the practice. But maybe it's both. Maybe-- maybe a vengefulpatient gives us the motive and the gang leads us to the weapon. Yeah, it was personal, not business. - Bring her in, boss? - No. Let's go and talk to her. Who's for the Howard King interview? - I'll do. - No, no. Not you, sweetheart. You stay on files. I'll do it. Thank you, Shap. Richard? He works for a floor cleaning company, and they come [inaudible]. Why the long face? You'll love it there. Like a wasp in a jar. Knees under the desk, surrounded by women. I'm working, Shap. It's that Dee Stonall, isn't it? She's the one, isn't she? Bet you can't wait for herto take your temperature. [elevator ding] Howard King. Missed a bit there, mate. Detective Sergeant Shap. Now, you nephew Aaron Matthews,is there any business with him lately? Has he lent you anything? Like a gun? You weren't happy with the result of the inquest, weren't you? Saw you gobbing off on the telly. Quite a temper you've got there, son. What do you want? Where were you Tuesday betweenthe hours of 5:00 and 7:00 PM? Marcy Young? I'm DCI Janine Lewis. Can I come in? What for? I'm investigating the murder of Dr. Halliwell. And? We've already had yourlot knocking at the door. I told them I hadn't see aught. Sorry to heard about your daughter. You thought Dr. Halliwell was wrong, the way he dealt with her. There was an incidentwhere you challenged him. Yeah, that's right. You were abusive. I've been at my wits end. I mean, close to locking herup and stopping her going off and getting what she needed. And he didn't bleeding listen. All he could do is pontificateabout his own bloody opinion, and I'm watching her fallapart, and he didn't get it. Yeah, you bet, I lost it. Then he struck us off. I mean, I knew what was going to happen. And I couldn't save her. God, I miss her. Well, you do your best andyou try and keep them safe. You must have hated him. Where were you on Tuesday night, Marcy? After 6 o'clock? Oh, piss off. I need you to answer the question. Here? Alone. - With Howard? - All night? Yes! You see, we've got a witness who says they saw you in the high street Tuesday, sometime just before 6:30. I've had enough of this. Do you really think that gunning someone down is the kind of justicethat I want for my daughter? Get out. Where were you going, Marcy? So Marcy Young says that shewas at home all evening except for the five minutes whenshe went to the corner shop to get some milk. There she is. Bingo. Right, so which way does shego when she leaves the shop? There it is, away fromthe surgery, towards home. Howard King reckons they were in all night, except for five minutes when shepopped out for a pint of milk. Yeah, we know. So let's eliminate some ofthese other patients, yeah? Put yourself in my shoes. What action do you expect me to take? Take me off the team. Stick me on filing. Yeah, that might be appropriate. But I'm not going to do that. I want you to study your handbook, revise all your arrest and caution procedures. And in future, if there are any diversions, interruptions, double-checkthat you've actioned and noted every single step. Is that clear? Yes, sir. Thank you. You stay on the case. You see this through. You deal with the fact thatif Aaron Matthews is guilty, he may well escape prosecution. You can explain that to Pamela Halliwell. Yes, sir. So Dr. Halliwell called to seeRoy again on Tuesday afternoon. Yeah, and his wife Peggy, she's been ill a long time, smoker, emphysema, heart trouble, that sort of thing. Yeah, so it was expensive. Yeah, poor bloke. Just lost a son and now his wife. Be nice. I'm always nice. [phone ringing] Boss. Listen, if we have got a patient with a grudge, they won't necessarily have filled in an official complaint. Look in to all Halliwell'sex-patients too, anyone that might have come offthe list, gone to a new doctor. There might be something there beneath the radar. Yeah. Well, I've checked all the surgery appointments for Tuesday afternoon. There's nothing there, boss. It's like Dr. Finley's case book. I mean, no one's got abad word to say about him. The man's a saint. Do you want me to do thehome visits [inaudible]?? Who are they? He wants to see [inaudible]. She lives in a nursing home. Halliwell prescribed her diamorphine. He also called to certify thecause of death for Peggy Gant. She died at home. Hi, love. Hello, dear. MAN [SINGING]: A portraitof my love for no-- Tuesday afternoon? Dr. Halliwell came in witha prescription for you. For Marjorie Keynsham. Tuesday I go to my reading group. Besides, I'd remember if I hadseen the doctor, especially if he had given me morphine. Fantastic stuff. Took it when I broke my hip. I'd remember, Sergeant. I've got cancer, not dementia. I phoned three of them, and it's the same story. He's invented the visits, thenwritten the prescriptions. Always diamorphine, always nursing homes. Yeah. Yeah, Keynsham's prescriptionwas cashed in by Halliwell at Pickett's Pharmacy, which isnot far from the nursing home. Now, it's not uncommon forthe GP to pop in with it. But the actual amount on the prescription was for three times the amount that Halliwell entered on the computer recordswhen he went back to work. And nobody compares the amounts? No, no. Apparently not. The only way to get caught isif another GP were called out to see the patient and foundout there'd been no visit and they'd had no medicine,a bit like what I did. But what about his drugs budget? It must be sky high. No, not if he's been at it years. He won't be obvious. What's he doing with the drugs? Is he selling them? And who to? Find out that, and maybewe find out our murderer. [doorbell] Mr. Gant? Detective Sergeant Butchers, sir. Can I have a word. [inaudible]. Thanks. So Mr. Gant, did Mr. Halliwell come and see you Tuesday afternoon? Yes, I-- he was doing the cause of death certificate for Peggy. He was calling home, he said, before surgery. What time was that? About 2 o'clock. Right. Halliwell and Matthewswere known to each other. Halliwell was his GP. We know that Halliwell was stealing drugs, and it was Matthews' gun that killed him. Add in Matthews' history-- Drug deal gone sour. Not quite the fine, upstandingpillar of the community we thought, huh, Dr. Halliwell? Are you still here? I thought you were up for eviction. Vote for me, did you? I don't get involved, mate. Boss, I've got the blue four by four. It's the only one that matchesDr. Gupta's description, and the timing fits. - Run the plates. - Yeah. It'll be a knock off number. They'll have used it to run[inaudible],, do the job, and they'll have touched it. I couldn't see it on Tuesday's tape. Neil Langan. We've got a Dawn Langan. At the Same address. Right. So I wonder what Mr. Langan was doing sitting outside his wife'splace of work on Monday. Did you see your husbandparked outside the surgery on Monday evening? No. Well, do you know where we can find him? I don't know where he is. He hasn't been into the sortedoffice, and his phone's off. Was he at home in the earlyhours of Tuesday morning? No. Well, what about Tuesdayevening, about 6:30? Dawn, did you not think to tell us? Why was that? Because this has got nothing to do with him. I mean, even if he found usout, he'd never hurt anyone. Neil is not a murderer. Whoa, stop right there. Who's "us"? Don Halliwell and Dawn Langanplaying doctors and nurses. Yeah. When Neil Langan finds out-- He smashes up Halliwell's car. And shoots him. What, he just happens to havea handgun in his poster's bag? Langan used his cardon Tuesday at the Premier Visit Inn at Chester Services. Well, he'd be long gone. No. He used the same card thereat the ATM last night. Well, go on, then. Could be a domestic after all. Neil Langan? What? Detective Sergeant Shap. This is DC Goodall. Wondered how long you'd be. Were you outside the surgery on Monday night? Yeah. Why? I wanted to see with me own eyes. What? I rang last Monday to ask Dawn something. The surgery was closed. She wasn't at her latenight clinic every Monday. She was shagging Don Halliwell. So I waited outside,followed them to the hotel. [inaudible] I phoned Mrs. Halliwell,and I told her about them. I sank a few more, went roundthere, and I rammed his car. And where were you Tuesday afternoon and evening? Here. That table over there, I think. Or that one. Right. Can anyone confirm that? Ask the staff. I'm their biggest spender this week. I don't know what you'rewasting your time on me for. Pamela Halliwell you want to be talking to. I let her know what'sgoing on, and next thing-- I had no idea she'd take it likethat, shoot her own husband. We might have motive, but where on earth is she going to get a gun? She's a piano teacher. [inaudible] exactly goingto be toting small firearms. Hit man. Yeah, I can't see it. I've been known to be wrong, but-- Steady on. Well, can you see herhanging around dodgy pubs trying to hire a contractor? Not in a million years. And how did she get to thesurgery and back unobserved? Halliwell had her car. Yeah, give us a bite. Come on. So, I can't put the gun in her hand, but she's keeping stuff from us. Right. Let's go and push her pedals. [doorbell] Neil Langan rang you on Monday evening, told you that his wife washaving a relationship with Don. That must have come as quite a shock. Not really. I knew there was someone. Did you talk to Don about it? No. You failed to mention it to us. Yeah, it didn't mean anything. Had it happened before? Probably. I don't ask. You must have suspected that Neil Langan was behind the damage to your car, possibly involved in your husband's murder, and you still said nothing. When they told me he wasdead, I just couldn't think. Mr. Langan, he didn't-- No. Is there anything else you haven't told us, Mrs. Halliwell? No. Where were you between6:00 and 6:30 on Tuesday? Here. I had pupils. We can verify that? Yes. And you last saw your husband when he left for work that morning? Yes. We can check her alibi, make sure. But with Langan and her out of the picture, what do we do next? - Back over the details. Let the team know. Yeah. [phone ringing] Hello, Butchers. Butchers, darling, I'mafraid we've hit a brick wall with the jealous spouse angle. Yeah, well, maybe not, boss. Halliwell told Roy Gant that he was going home before he went back to work. No, no. She swears blind that shelast saw him in the morning. Unless he was lying to Gant. Yeah, why do that? Why raise it at all? Unless she's lying to us. Again. [doorbell] [doorbell] Maybe she thinks if shekeeps us waiting long enough, we'll go away. Mrs. Halliwell? Oh, bloody hell. Yeah, ambulance, please. Well, I think we know whyHalliwell was stealing drugs. [phone ringing] Over there. Thank you. Mrs. Halliwell, can youtell me anything about what happened to your husband? No. And you're absolutely sure about that? I could never hurt Don. He looked after me. I depended on him completely. But the affair was a threat. You felt jealous. Don would never leave me. He loved me. You know, when they told me he was dead, the first thing I thoughtof before anything else was, how will I get my medication? I lost my husband, and I lost my supplier too. I couldn't go on without him. And now? I don't know. The first few years Don had tried to persuade me to go into rehabilitation. But I couldn't face it. And I got pregnant. We got married. We lost the baby. [sobbing] Morphine made things bearable. She's a junkie? Didn't see that onecoming, did you, Shappers? This time, our Pamela took the lot. She wasn't getting high. She was getting out. Guilt? Well, she says not, so she wouldn't hurt him. You believe her? Well, she's an addict. No matter how hurt she was about the affair, all she really cared about was where her next fix was coming from. He says supplier. She's not going to jeopardize that. No Lisa? I told her we were going for a pint. Make her feel welcome, did you? Well, I can't force her. I kept her on the case. And until we've solved it, she won't know what damage she's done. Nor will we. You can seem very harsh sometimes. Harsh? - Eh, game of doubles, boss?- Yeah. Go on, then. See, what I want to know is, if it wasn't our Pamela who shot the good doctor, then who the hell did? Harsh? The gun is still the onlyhard evidence that we've got. Aaron Matthews fired it twoyears ago, then got sent down. The weapon was never recovered. There's no record of it beingused in any crime since. Until this week. Follow the gun. Matthews isn't playing ball. But in the heat of the arrest,he said that he sold it. Maybe he did. Nah. One of the gangs has been minding it for him while he's inside. Out he comes, they have anotherpop at the surgery, bang bang, back on form. Friends reunite. Maybe. We could ask Matthews' contacts to see if they know who bought it. I mean, if he has gone straight,they don't owe him any loyalty, do they? They're not going to tell us, are they? We are the police. We could offer a reward, information leading to a conviction. No, not yet. Let's-- let's have anothergo at Matthews first. What's the point? Well, if you don't ask-- Come on, Mr. Matthews, we know you're in there. MATTHEWS: Piss off, man. You told your probationofficer about our interest in you? Your license can be revoked,can't it, at any time for any infringement. Resisting arrest, for example. And whip you back inside beforeyou can refasten your fly. What happened? You happened. Then word got back. You satisfied now? Well, you should go to the hospital. Sarge, I think we should geta paramedic to look at him. At least have a glass of water. Who's done this to you? Guess. You could press charges. End up a dead man. Have you thought about witness protection? Then they would kill me. Now, this gun you allegedlysold, who'd you flog it to? Are you kidding me or what? Another crew member? I mean, the gang had alreadyhad a go at the medical center, hadn't they? Maybe some of them went back for more. Look, I don't know. And even if I did, I ain't no snitch. But hey, they think I amanyway, so what's the point? I'll just give up, man. Look, I sold it to some kid [inaudible].. Carter, he called himself. He used to buy his stash off us. First name? - I don't know. - Age? I don't know. 17, 18. I ain't seen him since. Now, can you just piss off and leave me alone? You were hoping a bit of tea and sympathy, you'd come over all JerrySpringer on you, tell all, and you could clear your copy book, weren't you? No, actually. A scum like that, you go in hard, you keep the pressure up, yeah? Now we've got a name. Aaron's in a right mess. It looks worse than it is. Poor sod. Couldn't win, could he?What choices did he have? Join the gang or else. And when he tries to breakaway, loses everything. Gets leathered into the bargain. They don't trust him, we don't trust him. Could have something to do with his tastes for violent crime and drug dealing. At least Aaron gave us a name. Carter. No, no one of that age groupon the current electoral roll. Local records, SouthManchester, we've got a Carter. Simon. Date of birth looks good. July, '87. '87? Yeah, previous years we'vegot a Margaret Carter. Could be the mother. And she's on the [inaudible] Estate. Nice one. - Hey, what's going on? - Progress. While you've been flirtingwith nurses, we've been busy. Simon Carter. Our shooter. Matthews sold him the gun. Hey, Simon Carter. Simon Carter. Hang on. Yeah, here he is. Simon Carter. Patient with a grudge. That's our motive. I knew it. When? No, boss, he's not a complainant. He's an ex-patient, as in deceased. He died two years ago. Not long after buying the gun. Yeah, dead men don't shoot guns. Carter must have passedthe gun onto somebody else. Oh, god. It's like pass the bloody parcel. All right. So let's dig up everythingwe can on Simon Carter. Was he in a gang? Who did he know? Maybe the gun went on to an associate. What about his family? Can we trace them? How did he die? Was he shot? Any bells ringing here? Any light bulb moments? Aye, boss. Butchers worked on low energy. 10 minutes to warm up, hestill can't see anything. Right. Can you get me a death certificate, please? On it. Sergeant, with me. Yeah, I'm looking for anymembers of the Carter family. Yeah, they were at thisaddress about two years ago. Thanks, man. Yeah, and you don't know where they moved to? Yeah. Simon attended your school,but then his family moved away. So have you got a record of any address, or-- I'm sorry, I don't have a timeto put a request in writing. This is a matter of urgency.Yeah, thank you. Right. I'll hold. Yep? Sarge, you're wanted in reception. [buzzer] What? Someone nicked your pike? I want to talk to someoneabout witness protection. You see, I know stuff. It's going back a bit. Look, I need, like, a new name. A new place, a new everything. Right. Are you sure about this? I've got no life here, have I? OK. You can talk to me. [buzzing] Boss, death certificate for Simon Carter. Cause of death, multiple injuries. Person reporting death, Roy Gant, father. Birth certificate, mother Margaret Carter. Clerical worker-- yeah,father Roy Gant, HGB driver. Margaret Carter, also known as Peggy Gant. She's the one who just died. Hang on, what's with the different surnames? Well, Gant was marriedbefore, and he never divorced. Catholic.- And Simon Carter's their son? Multiple injuries, what does that mean? Car crash? Shooting? I wonder if there was any foul play. Lisa, can you find out everything you can about the death ofSimon Carter for me, please? Thank you. Boss, look at this. Tragic teenage suicide on M60. Do you remember any of this? No. Jumped off a motorway bridge. "Simon was being treatedfor depression by his GP." Halliwell again. Hey, [inaudible]. Come here. Hey, come on. [meowing] Yeah. Here you go. The son's depressed,Halliwell prescribes for him, and soon after, the boy kills himself. They don't complain. Peggy's already ill. She's got a bad heart, emphysema. But Simon's death makes it worse. They move house, she deteriorates. Roy nurses her, but she dies. Now he's alone. He's lost them both. He blames Halliwell. Gant found Simon's gun and kept it. He had nothing left to lose. [doorbell] [police shouting] Police! Police, show yourself! [inaudible] Place is secure. All right. Thanks, love. Hiya. Gant's not here. He's at his wife's funeral. Neighbor says he left about an hour ago. [inaudible] Cemetery. [church bells] Thank you. Roy Gant. I'm arresting you on suspicion of murder. He never listened. Mr. Gant, I'm arrestingyou on suspicion of murder. There was stuff all over the internet. I printed it off. Increased risk of suicide in young people. See, messing-- messing around with drugs is what made Simon depressedin the first place. And when he started taking them tablets-- You may want to wait untilyou've got a solicitor present. He didn't even read the damn journals. He never said, I'm sorry, I got it wrong. Simon was my world. Then he was gone. And Peggy? She wouldn't hear a badword said against the man. She was there when I begged him to go and see Simon for himself. Give it time, he said. He didn't have time. No, she trusted him all the way to that bridge, still following doctor's orders. Why now, Roy? He came on Tuesday. Do you know what he said to me? It'll get easier, Roy. Life goes on. His life would. They were my life. Halliwell was usually the last to leave. I went down there. It was easy. You kept his briefcase. Well, children might have found it, taken stuff, hurt themselves-- What about the-- Sorry. [gunshot] OK. All right, then. See ya. [inaudible]. Gant's just shot himself. At the cemetery. Shit. There we are, boss. It was personal after all. Yeah, it usually is. Have one of these. Strictly medicinal. We did our best. He killed himself. I wish he hadn't, but we're not to blame. You couldn't have learnedanything else, love. Could you? - None of us could. Something like that, it stays with you. You'll be all right. Hey, I'm taking order for desserts. Double chocolate fudge ice cream. Family size. Where does she put it all? [inaudible]. Yeah, she'll go far, that one-- with the right management. I better put a request in,then, to get transferred. Oh! Try Excalibur. They're after some ladies-in-waiting. Hey, you're going nowhere, theamount of work we put into you. Hey! Is this a private crew? Can anyone join in? No. Hi! [interposing voices] I'm arresting myself onsuspicion of being a crap cop. I do not have to say anything, but-- [interposing voices] [theme music] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 