Blue Murder: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Blue Murder 
 s2e2 - Up in Smoke - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Blue Murder (2003–2009): Season 2, Episode 2 - Up in Smoke - full transcript 
 After a young wife hangs herself, an altercation ensues between two employees in the mortuary cremating her body. One is her presumptive lover and the other her grieving husband. Someone evidently has been murdered because computer records at the crematorium show the weight of two bodies in the ashes., but as both men are missing, DCI Lewis is at a loss as to which is the murderer and which is the victim. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [music playing] [chatter] Hey, ain't you lads got homes to go to? Go see your prayers, man. Hey, come on, mates. Chal, I'll see you there? [inaudible] [gentle music] Hi, bud. Oh, strangling the flaming cat again. [religious chanting in distance] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yeah, well, I havenothing more to say to you. [liquid pouring] [flame whooshes] [coughs] [screams] [phone ringing] [beep] Hello. Yeah. OK, I'm on my way. [water running] Do I know you? I'm with Michael. He said you were cool. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 JANINE: Oh, right. Can you tell him he's going to have to help Connie give the kids breakfast? Because I've got-- [mumbles] [camera shutters snapping] RICHARD: Boss? Richard, hi. Thanks. What's the damage? We think the victim is the tenant, Ali Raffiq, 24, part-timemullah at the local mosque. Also runs a youth groupfor the community center. Right. What makes you think it's arson? Well, the fire began right when they started here in the front hallway. Also, the bloke talking to Butchers saw somebody running downthe street about an hour ago just before it started. Right. What's our witness up to at 4:30 in the morning? Early riser. Likes to walk for his paper. Not much left of him to see up there either. Didn't make it out of the bedroom. Window frame screwed together. Security. Oh. Any forensics? No, I guess not. [liquid puddling] We'll get ahouse-to-house going as soon as we reach a reasonable hour. Don't expect much round here, though. Now the wires in all the edgesis trust as much at the moment. Let Shap run that. You and Butchers concentrate onthe victim-- family, friends, any associates, anyone who mighthave had a grudge against him. - Our witness, boss-- - Yeah. --reckons it was a blokehe saw wearing a black balaclava and big gloves. Right. Let's find out all we canabout Ali Raffiq by 11 o'clock. I'll see you in the briefing room. [knock on door] Come in! Yeah, thanks, Jeff. Really appreciate it. Right, got you 20 more uniforms. Should help keep the lid on things. I need to visit the Al Non Mosque, and I'd like to cop an aidingofficer onto the squad, stop me putting my foot in it. Sounds like a good idea. I'll just get hold of community liaison. The whole area is a tinderbox. One Britain have been stirringthis lot up for months. One Britain? Why would they want a riot? I thought they were going mainstream. Fear. Whites fighting Asians meansmore votes for the far right. Could have been one of thekids he was working with, boxx. Mostly ex-offenders. Ooh, nice bunch. Problem kids. Yeah, it's possible. Right, what about our, witness Mr. Hollis? - 74, boss. - Oh. Hello. Shaz Chowdhary, ma'am, community liaison. Right. Yeah, nice to meet you. PC Chowdhary is going to be giving us a hand. Shaz, Shaz. You used to go out with a Shaz, didn't you? No wonder we never met her. [laughter]- Yeah, all right, just booking. Give as good as you get. Mr. Hollis? Like I said, boss, male,5' 10", balaclava and gloves. How do you know it was male? Well, apparently, he, uh,he didn't run like a girl. [laughter] Oh, right, reliable then. Forensics? Sweet FA. OK, we're going to keep knocking on doors until we find someone who saw something. Richard, I want you toconcentrate on One Britain. Shaz, you and me down to the mosque. Hey, mate. Mate, mate. Mind yourself. She likes 'em young. [music playing] [car bleeps] What does a mullah do exactly? The same as a Christian priest. Lead prayers, teach children the Koran, visit the sick, weddings. The women's entrance is just along there. As for Ali's office, I'll meet you in there. Oh, and no shoes inside. Uh, ma'am, one more thing. Don't forget to cover your-- If kids could see me now. Was he born here? Yeah. He was a nice bloke. Played football with him a couple of times. Barry Peters, One Britain. Can't seem to get shut of him. The One Britain party acceptsthat 6% of British subjects are immigrants. That's-- that's whywe're called One Britain. We're just trying to find a wayof dealing with the situation that's fair to everyone. ALI RAFFIQ [ON TV]: What you'rearguing for is separation-- BARRY PETERS [ON TV]: No,all we're trying to say-- ALI RAFFIQ [ON TV]: --imposedby a white majority. In South Africa, the wordfor "racial separation" was "apartheid." Yes, yes, and look at the bloody mess they're in without it. [scoffs] Ali got death threats after that. Logged three complaints. Any suspects? No, couldn't trace the calls, apparently. DCI Janine Lewis. PC Shaz Chowdhary. We're looking for Mr. Barry Peters. That's me. We're making inquiriesinto the death of Ali Raffiq. I don't know anything about it. All right, we've had information that says he had telephoned death threats after he did a televiseddebate with you last year? No, nothing to do with me. All right, but you are the organizer of the One Britain party? Standing for election to the council, yes. Where were you last night, Mr. Peters? Had a couple of pints down the Mason's Arms, and then I went home. 83 Batly Road. Anyone confirm that? Your wife? I live alone, so you'llhave to take my word for it. Is that it? Well, I'd appreciate itif you and your colleagues would keep a low profile for a couple of days. Right. And you saying the same to the gangs of Asian lads roaming the streets? I'm just asking you not to do anything provocative for a while, andthat includes flier posting. No. I'm not provoking anyone,and I am not a racist. All I'm arguing for is the same as the Muslims. Yeah, I've heard your arguments. How many Asian members have you got? How many white blokes theygot down at the mosque, hey? Will I be welcomed down there? Do us a favor, pal. Thank you very much, Mr. Peters. Let's go. Let's go. What a dickhead. Because you're new to this, I'll pretend I didn't hear that. But in future, don't everlet your personal feelings interfere when you're talkingto a member of the public. Sorry, ma'am. This is what, a community center? Yeah, a youth center. How long had Ali worked here? About five years. Now, you've all heardabout Ali Raffiq's murder. That's why we're here. I know a lot of you have hadproblems with the police, but if you know anything at all, please, I'm asking you to tell us. Everyone knows it wasthose racists who killed him. What are you in here wasting your time for? Why aren't you out there nicking them? [chatter] What do you want? [angry chatter] You've got the bloody evidencestaring you in the face. You've seen the posters all down the street. Don't you understand? This is what the racists want. We're not buying all that shit! They want to provoke you. They want to force you into violence. You arrest those bastardsor we'll kill 'em, yeah? [shouting] Get off! Get off! I thought you'd like to see this. Social Services called the incident room. They've had two anonymous complaints in recent weeks from Datz, who said that Ali Raffiq was beatingtheir kids in Koran classes. Why anonymous? Probably scared of the mosque.You taking in washing? Yeah, my-- my dryer's broke. I need a new one. Listen, I need to deal with this. I'll go down there with you if you like. No, that's all right. I'll take Shaz. The newer model. Yeah, but you don't speak Urdu. Who we meeting here? The imam. He's the head of the mosque. Big boss then. Anything we need to know? Might respect for not towear any perfume or makeup. No makeup? Blimey. Let's hope the imam doesn't scare easily. This is Detective Chief Inspector Lewis. Mr. Jameel Khan, governorof the board of trustees. Mr. Khalid Khan, his brother,treasurer, and Imam Farzad. Pleased to meet you gentlemen. And you. Please take a seat. Thank you. We are the temporal leadersof the mosque, Chief Inspector. Imam Farzad's responsibilitiesare spiritual. We extend our sympathy. It's a terrible tragedy. Something like this has been threatening to happen for months. Ali Raffiq was very dearto us all, Chief Inspector. He had the rare gift of communicating with the young, which I do not. That is why there is so much anger. Do you happen to know if hemade any enemies, Imam Farzad? We know he'd had threats. Yes, I believe he did. He was not afraid to standup and speak the truth. BARRY PETERS: We are not a racist organization. Now, people say this, butthey just don't get it. To each his own. Live and let live. That's what we say. But you can't change human nature. Oil and water don't mix. [cheers] Well, he was a simple priest, madam. His whole life was in themosque with the children. I've, um, got some record of complaints that have come in recently. Both the callers said that AliRaffiq had hit their young sons repeatedly about the head. Oh, that's ridiculous. He would never strike a child. We follow very strict guidelines. My two nephews still getsmacked at their mosque. Not here. Perhaps the caller was trying to discredit him. There were a lot of peoplewho thought he was too liberal. No one has said that to me. With respect, Imam Farzad,very few people would dare to. With respect to you, PC Chowdhary, you do not attend our mosque,and you do not know me. I really cannot believethat one of our members would have set his house on fire. They might have seen Ali asa turncoat, somebody harming Islam, betraying it even. Somebody might say thesame about you, PC Chowdhary. I trust they would be equally mistaken. I thought I told you to keepyour opinions to yourself. I know I went a bit far, ma'am, but you could see what's happening. They're closing ranks. What are they afraid of? This community, itworks on trust and respect for the elders. They like to sort things out themselves. I understand it but you can't keep doing that. What about your generation? What do you think? We want it both ways-- our own culture but without all the rules. Maybe we should havemore faith in Imam Farzad. Maybe he's shrewder than we think. Or he's hiding something. The last thing he wants is outsiders asking questions and interfering. [angry chatter] What's going on there? Lads are getting a bit restless. You know what it's like. [inaudible] are always first in line. Luckily might kick off tonight. Yeah, that's all we need. Right. As the mosque keeps reminding me, this situation could get quiteugly, so let's keep focus. It's a murder, it's ourjob to find out who did it. So Richard. I've done a bit of diggingon Barry Peters and friends. They go on the internet alot, posing as Asian lads, winding people up,spreading rumors, you know. So why would they setfire to Ali Raffiq's house if they're trying to stay hidden? Maybe Ali was on to him. All right, Columbo, you're not in CID yet. JANINE: Anything else? He wasn't exactly popular withthe local drug dealers either. Apparently, he'd beenencouraging the local youth to inform on them. - Right. So what have we got? He'd been threatened by racists. He was working with teenage offenders. He may have had enemieswithin his own community. And he was taking on local drug dealers. Apart from that, he kept himself to himself. [laughter] Yeah, right. And he doubled the securityon his own house recently. He must have told someonewhat he was frightened of. I want us to find out who it was. Right, you and me off on a mystery tour. Yeah. Any chance I can go in plainclothes? I feel a bit out of place like this. Yeah, all right. As long as you keep your cap. He tried to keep this place looking just like the normal playgroupfor mums and little kids. Right. But really, women can comesort out their problems, you know, away from their families. They've even got counselors and doctors. [children playing] Annie, this is DetectiveChief Inspector Lewis. Ah, Janine's fine. Hello. I told Janine you were agood friend of Ali Raffiq's. Yeah. I still can't believe it. I'd like her to know whathe did for the girls here. He didn't judge people. If a girl was pregnantor in trouble with drugs, he'd help them out. They could trust him not to tell their families. He knew doctors who'd see youngpeople in total confidence. We're talking about some parents who would kick their girls out onto the street or even ship them back toPakistan if they found out. Or worse. Did any of the parents ever find out what he was doing for the girls? I don't know. If they did, it would have puthim in a difficult position, with Ali being a mullah. Did he tell you anything? He never discussed anyone else's business. A lot of people's secrets died with Ali. Well, you can tell the womenhere that whatever they tell me will be in the strictest confidence. I don't even want to know their names. I'll see what I can do. Right. I'll, uh, I'll see you outside. Excuse me. [beep] Yeah. Yeah, we've got a bit of a lead, boss. Stopped a lad on a road blockwho was a witness in court with Ali last October. Saw him being assaulted bya drug dealer, Mark Clayton. Ali was encouraging the kids to grass him up. JANINE [ON PHONE]: Where's Clayton now? [chuckles] Yeah, doing18 months in Strangeways. Got the assault on Ali, butit went down for possession. Good alibi. Yeah, I had a word with amate in a local crime squad. Apparently, he was avery nasty piece of work. JANINE [ON PHONE]: Oh,prison visiting, I love it. Nothing to do with me. I was tucked up in here. I see you've got five previousconvictions for violence. Two of them quite serious attacks. Shameful, isn't it? Police report says you attacked Ali Raffiq with a baseball bat. Not what the jury thought. But he was encouraging kidsto inform on drug dealers, yourself included. He's probably the reason why you're in here. He was certainly a busy bugger. Mr. Clayton, you do realize we're going to check on every visit, every phone call, every piece of correspondence you've had since your conviction. I didn't have him killed, butI'm not surprised someone did. Any idea who that might have been? Well, what's in it for me? [laughs] Yeah, I'm not doing a deal with you. Your choice. Yeah, goodbye, Mr. Clayton. Uh, Detective Sargeant Butchers. I'm investigating the death of Mr. Ali Raffiq. How can I help you? BUTCHERS: Well, I believe you'reoperating a 24-hour site here. All your morning logs start about 4:30 AM? Yes. BUTCHERS: That's also about thetime Ali Raffiq's house went up, and I was wondering if anyof your lads had seen anything? Come into my office. Yeah. [knocking] What's all this, theory? That he was killed by a drug dealer? I need to tell the chief constable. Well, whatever evidence thereis, it's stacking up that way. Be good for all of us if it's true. Why? No politics then? PR silver lining, Janine. Boss, got a new witness downstairs. Young lad saw the lot. Guess who? Local businessman and politician Barry Peters. Oh yeah? We'll see him now. Don't anyone talk to himtill that tape's rolling. Saw this white man quitting mydirection but on the other side of the street. Pulled some sort of hooddown over his face and then stops outside of Ali's house. I couldn't see exactly he was doing, but then he just ran off. Did you see his face? Yeah. I knew who he was straight away. That one Britain man, Barry Peters. How do you know him? Lives round here, doesn't he? He's in all those posters up. [interposing voices] JANINE: Rizwan, is thereanything about this incident that you haven't told us? You notice anythingelse about his appearance? Why didn't you come forward earlier? I was scared. Scared they were going to kill me. Why would Peters set fireto Ali's house himself? Why not get one of hisheavies to do it for him? Leading by example? Pissed, more likely. Bloke lives next door to the Mason's, right, and there was a lock-in past midnight. He did mention the gloves. It's a clear recognition. Let's put him in a lineup. If the lad picks him out, we've got him. An angry crowd of supportersgathered outside Peters' house some time before police arrived, leading to allegations that he'd been tipped off about his impending arrest. But while the One Britain partyclaim their man is innocent and has been set up as a political scapegoat, the police maintain that the evidence against him is overwhelm-- [nature sounds on tv] [classical music playing] [door slams] Katie, Michael, how's the revision going? [sighs] Sorry, Connie. I've got to dash out again in a minute. Oh. OK. Oh, god, I'm sorry. Uh, it's your evening class, isn't it? I can't let you miss it again. I don't mind. No, no, no, it's all right. I'll phone Pete. He owes me anyway. That's rubbish, Aunt Ma. Why can't you stay? Because mum's got to see a murderer. His solicitor arrived yet? Yeah. And the result. They turnedup a plastic milk bottle with petrol traces in it. Peters' dabs all over it. There you are. The Chief Constable wantsto know who tipped him off. The media already have usdown as harboring a racist. Well, it's none of my lot. This is a frame. That's what this is. This is a cynical abuse of my human rights. Interview commenced at 20:18. Persons present-- DCI Janine Lewis, DI Richard Mayne, suspect BarryPeters, and solicitor Mister? Roy Kennedy. L-- look, I know you'retrying to fit me up for this, but I want this on video. I had nothing to do with it. Nothing. JANINE: These were taken inthe alleyway behind your house this evening. The milk bottle contains traces of petrol, and it has your fingerprints on it. Oh, you're having a laugh, aren't you? What time did you leavethe Mason's Arms, Mr. Peters? You're not going to get away with this. I'm not going to let this go. I am going to sue you to hell and back. We also have an eyewitness who saw you approaching Ali Raffiq's house at 4:25 yesterday morning. Now let me tell you something. About half an hour before you turned up, I had a phone call from an Asian gentleman. "They're coming for you, Barry," he said. "They're going to fit youup for being a racist pig." So don't tell me about your evidence. It's a lie! I didn't kill the man. I didn't kill him! Ready? Yeah. OK. Take your time. The person that you saw may be one of them, or we may not be their own. There. I think that's him. It's number five. Well, he took his time over it. Got there any end? Do you think we've got enough, sir? I mean, it's mostly circumstantial. If Peters gets offthrough lack of evidence, we really will be panned. We've got a decent eyewitness and the murder weapon. What more do we need? Well, what about Peters'claim that he was called shortly before his arrest? Don't you think I should rule it out at least? We're charging him, and you're taking him to court in one hour. Sir. Did, um, Rizwan ID him? Well, yeah. More or less. Listen, I need to speak to Imam Farzad. Sure. Imam Farzad, Mr. Khan, thankyou very much for seeing us. PC Chowdhary has told you thatRizwan Hussein has identified Barry Peters as the arsonist. MR. KHAN: Yes, he's a courageous boy. An allegation has beenmade that I want to clear up. Barry Peters says thathe was telephoned shortly before his arrest by an Asian man who claimed that Mr. Peters was being framed. And you are taking thisseriously, Chief Inspector? So even though the boy has identified Peters, you're trying to prove his innocence? Listen, all our interests--that the case against Barry Peters is watertight. Now, if Ali had any enemieswithin his own community, I need to know. Detective Chief Inspector, our families have lived and worked herepeacefully for 40 years, but now we're seen as the enemy within. Why would we want to harbor extremists? We know they're out there. Not in this mosque. The fact that Mr. Peters hasbeen charged with this offense is really quite astounding. The only evidence against himis a questionable identification by a boy who'd seen my client'sface on election posters. I would argue strenuouslythat Mr. Peters be granted bail immediately. And what about this plastic milk bottle? [scoffs] One assumes this has been retrieved for my client's dust bin and petrol added at some later stage. Sir, you've seen from the interview transcript that my client received an anonymous phone call before his arrest. Yes, is the officer in the case here? Yes, sir. And what is your primary objection to bail? A concern that Mr. Peters would cause a breach of the peace, sir, and might incite others to do so. You will be remanded in custody, Mr. Peters-- [groans] --for seven days. But I will be reviewing the situation very carefully next time. Sir, I will appeal this decision immediately. This is a stick job. I'm innocent. I'm innocent, I tell ya. You don't even believe I'm guilty. I can see you don't. You put me away, and therewill be a bloody riot! [shouting] Janine? Janine, where are you? Why haven't I seen any statements yet? I've got the CPS on the phoneevery 10 flamin' minutes. I'm on my way, sir. I-- I-- I can't here you. You're breaking up. I can't hear you at all. Janine. [door opens] Can we help you, Chief Inspector? Uh, yes. My company is developing the site. Oh, I-- I see. Um, actually, I just wanted toask Mr. Saddiq if he could tell me what time Rizwan Husseinarrived for work on Tuesday morning? Of course. 4:45 AM. - Right. Uh, only I, um, I thoughthis shift started at 4:30. - He must have been late.- Yeah. Yeah, no, he told us he wasin Harrington Street at 4:25, and that's only, what, five minutes from here? Well, maybe he was just mistaken. Yeah. Rizwan's a good worker. He's my wife's nephew, madam. I assure you he's a very reliable young man. [phone rings] Yes, yes, I'm sure he is. Excuse me. [beep] Richard? RICHARD [ON PHONE]: Rizwan'shouse has been attacked. They've made a right mess of it. JANINE: Where's Rizwan now? He was already at the safehouse with his mum and dad. I thought we had a uniform here. There was until a gang turnedout and put him in hospital. Any witnesses? Well, for what it's worth, there's a bloke over there said thatthey all had London accents. Barry Peters' lot probablybust him up, especially. Oh, great. That's all we need, aload of cockney head cases up in the ante. What's your digging turned up? Apparently there's a coupleof things we can get Peters for, but this isn't one of them. Ah, the elusive DCI Lewis. So it's up to our witness?- It's all right. He's safe. - Good. Small mercies. There's no danger of him backing out, is there? No, I think it's more than his life's worth. However, we have a problem. It took him 20 minutes to walkthe 300 yards from Raffiq's house to the building site. We have to disclose it to the defense. It blows a huge hole in his credibility. I don't think we've got enough, sir. [sighs] [inaudible]. What are we going to do now? I don't know. Pray. [SARCASTICALLY] Ah-ha! I think I'll go talk to the CPS. [music playing] [knocking] Yeah, come. Statement from a local at the Mason's Arms. Says Barry Peters talks a much tougher game when he's had a few. Why would a celibatemullah have a double bed? Takes up half the room. How many people lived at this house? Just him as far as I can see. No sign of anyone else? Nothing so far. But you might want to have a look at this. Found it in his desk. Cost you a bit to translate that lot. Hm. And this. It's certainly not his mum. Yeah, Shaz, I'm in the evidence room. Could use your help. "I can't bear to be awayfrom you, even for a minute. I hate going to bed without you. I lie awake for hours just thinking of you, wishing I was with you." That's all I can make out. I can't find a name on it. I suppose sex before a marriage is a bit of a no-no for a mullah. Yeah. 1 to 10? 25. You don't recognize her. No. But it was definitely taken here. No girl would dress like that in Pakistan. Suppose Imam Farzad might know her? You really want to do this to him? Ali was not involved with this girl. He was a moral man. Do you know who she is, where we could find her? She works for her father. He is a good man. They are a very religious family. Ali's death has nothing to do with them. Please, I implore you, donot blacken their name. Who is she, Imam Farzad? Her name is Anisa. She is Khalid Khan's daughter. Ma'am, this is Meena. She's a friend of Anisa Khan's. Annie knows her through the play group. Hello. Meena, Annie. Hi. I've told Meena we're trying to approach Anisa without her family finding out. But there's a bit of a problem. I don't know where she is. She's been gone for about three days. The last time Meena saw her was the afternoon before Ali died. Tell them. I went to her dad's shop yesterday. She usually works there on Wednesdays. But it was only a brother, Wahid, there. He said that she'd left tosee relatives in Pakistan on Tuesday, but she nevertold me anything about it. I've called all the airlines. There was only one Manchesterflight to Karachi Tuesday. She wasn't on it. Where do you think she is? No idea. Shaz has told you about theletters and the photograph? Yeah. Do you recognize the handwriting? Yeah. It's Anisa's. What's happened to her? If her dad knew about this, he'd kill her. Have you asked her family if they knew? Not yet. I'm trying to act in the girl's best interest. We've got a choice, sir. We either try and find Anisa Khan ourselves we disclose the documentsto Peter's solicitor, let them find her. I know which I'd prefer. I'm going to apply for awarrant to search Khan's house. Oh, the entire Asian community's going to be up in arms. As far as they'reconcerned, the guilty man's already behind bars. We've got no option. We may be damned if we do, but we'll certainly be damned if we don't. [sighs] Here we go, ma'am. I'm sorry to bring you out at work, Mr. Khan. What is this? What are you doing here? We have a warrant to search your address for any evidence relatingto the death of Ali Raffiq. What are you looking for? Mr. Raffiq had a numberof letters written to him from your daughter Anisa. Anisa? Is she staying at this address at the moment? No, uh, she's away. She-- she's in Pakistan. Can you provide us with information of where we might contact her?- What are you accusing me of? I've done nothing! Please, would you let us in, please, Mr. Khan? - Look, what about my mother?- It won't take long. - She's very weak. - Please, Mr. Khan. Well, wherever she's gone,she's traveling light. My type of woman. You'd make do with a pairof a Speedos and a toothbrush, I suppose. And the odd T-shirt. I've got to be careful. Fair skin. Oh-oh, she won't have got far without this. Where is she, Mr. Khan? I don't know. I don't know. She just disappeared. She hasn't been home since the night that-- Since the night Ali Raffiq died. Why did you say she was in Pakistan? Did you know they were lovers? No, no, that's not true. Janine, I found something. I think you might want to have a look. Balaclava and gloves. It was stuffed down hereunder some blankets, boss. They didn't get rid of them. Packed? Many official merchandise. Maybe he didn't want to get rid of them. For all the good's worth. Where's your son at the moment, Mr. Khan? Where were you in the early hours of Tuesday morning, Wahid? WAHID KHAN: At home. Can you tell us where yoursister Anisa is at the moment? WAHID KHAN: I don't know. Did you know she was havingan affair with Ali Raffiq? You are in serious trouble, Wahid. MAN: We've got an independenteyewitness who saw a figure wearing a balaclava andgloves just like yours running away from the direction of Ali Raffiq's house. That person was you, wasn't it? No. MAN: One way or another, we'regoing to find out the truth. Wahid? JANINE: Did someone tell you to do this? No. JANINE: It was your dad, wasn't it? No! No! JANINE: Tell me the truth, Wahid. I trusted her. When she said she was out withgirlfriends in the evening, I trusted her. And you had no idea she was having an affair with Ali Raffiq. A mullah? No. I can't believe they wouldboth betray me this way. Mr. Khan, did you ask your son to set fire to Ali Raffiq's house? This has nothing to do with us. Nothing. I think you told yourson to kill your daughter's lover, Mr. Khan. No. [sobs] Preliminary test results-- traces of petrol on the gloves,a hair similar to Wahid's on the balaclava. Final DNA results should be through tomorrow. An honor killing. No, sir, just the murder. So cousin Rizwan hasbeen lying to protect them. - Looks like it. - And the girl? Alive or dead? Anybody's guess. Can't believe [inaudible]Barry Peters go. We've done nothing wrong, sir. We've only acted on evidence. And how are we going toconvince the Asian community of that, Janine? It does not matter how much evidence we have. Enough people are going to believe that we've set Khalid Khan up. [angry chatter] - Sir? - Stand back, please. Stand back. - Stand back. Stand back. [loud chatter] Imam Farzad sends his apologies, but he feels he has assistedyou as much as he can. [sighs] But I only wantedto explain the situation, stop any misunderstandingsgetting out of hand. Misunderstandings? As I understand it, you have arrested my nephew on suspicion of murder andare accusing my brother of having incited him. Well, as yet, neitherof them have been charged. But the forensic evidence against Wahid is extremely strong. And even you will agree,Madam Chief Inspector, that the so-called evidenceis very convenient. Actually, Mr. Khan, itcouldn't be more inconvenient. I do sympathize with you, but surely neither of us wants a riot on our hands. Well, neither Imam Farzad northe governors of this mosque have anything more to say. And if you have no more business here, I would request you kindly to leave. [loud chatter] Yeah, take that scarf off, you bitch. Take that scarf off! You can't wear it, you traitor. REPORTER [ON TV]: And in an extraordinary turn of events late this afternoon, Barry Peters was released on bail. Detective SuperintendentLeonard Hackett had this to say. As a result of information uncovered this afternoon by Detective Chief InspectorJanine Lewis and her team, two more individuals arecurrently assisting us with-- [rock music playing loudly] [knocking] Michael, please. What? Connie can't look after the children with your music shaking the house to bits. This whole family depends on her. She was virtually beating my door down. I don't blame her. I wanted to talk to you about Katie as well. I was hoping your dad would be here too. Shouldn't have kickedhim out then, should you? Oh, grow up, Michael. How old is she? 16. Good. Do her parents know? Know what? That you're sleeping together? What do you mean? I just want to make sure that you're careful if you do decide. Mum, we're not having sex,if that's what you mean. She doesn't want to. It's not the '70s. [phone ringing] [beep] Hello? MAN [ON PHONE]: Chief Inspector Lewis? Yeah. IMAM FARZAD [ON PHONE]: Imam Farzad. Yeah. Mommy, I can't get to sleep. Shh. Mom! Yeah? IMAM FARZAD [ON PHONE]: --assureyou, as a matter of urgency-- Can I have a bedtime story? IMAM FARZAD [ON PHONE]: --35 Faber Street. Yup. I'll be right there. Once upon a time, there was alittle boy whose mummy promised that tomorrow she'd read him the longest story in the whole wide world so long as he went to sleep, like, right now. Yeah. JANINE: Hi. MAN: Evening, ma'am. IMAM FARZAD: I was contactedby a colleague in Leeds this afternoon. Ali and Anisa went to him twomonths ago and were married. Married? That is the official certificate. Ali asked him to tell no one. I assure you this is the first I've known of it. Why are they so desperateto keep it a secret? Where do you think she is? That is something youwill have to ask her father. JANINE: You had no idea she was married. MR. KHAN: No. I can't believe it. I don't know why she would do this to me. Because you wouldn't have approved. You told me she was engaged. MR. KHAN: I thought that was what she wanted. Mr. Khan, you do accept thatthere's overwhelming forensic evidence linking your son to thearson attack at Ali Raffiq's. No, I don't accept that. I cannot accept it. Why would Wahid do such a thing? JANINE: Because Ali wassleeping with your daughter, because you were ashamed. How many times do I have to tell you? Just because I'm a religiousman, an observant Muslim, that doesn't make me a murderer. MAN: When was the last time you saw Anisa? Where is she, Mr. Khan? I don't know. JANINE: We've got to find Anisa. Her life could be in danger. What about a televised appeal? Could drive him further to ground. JANINE: Shap, do you happen toknow if any of your contacts could trace Anisa Khan? Don't we, boss? Different world. Maybe our friend here canruffle a few feathers. Let me try Annie again. I'll see you in a bit. We're guessing that Anisa either run away or that family have taken hersomewhere against her will. Or killed her. Look, just say youwere going to leave home, you didn't want to be found. Where would you go? Oh, come on, Annie. There are people out therewho help girls like Anisa disappear. I know there are. If Anisa chose to go, it's gotto be her choice to come back. Yeah, but she may have the evidence we need. All we need you to do is useyour contacts to find out whether she's alive or dead. Whether she speaks to us or not is up to her. Please. It's too soon, Shaz. Everyone's still too scared. That's crazy. We'll protect them. You can't. I'm sorry, Shaz. Annie, please. Don't come see me again. DNA test. Wahid was wearing thegloves and the balaclava. He's refusing to comment. His dad denies all knowledge. Rizwan's at the safe housestill sticking to his story about Barry Peters. And where's Khalid Khan now? I had no evidence against him. I had to release him on bail. And the girl? Still looking for her. [sharp inhale] Isn't there any way that we could persuade Wahidto talk before we charge him? Don't think it's very likely. Well, he's going down anyway. Forensics will do that. It would just be nice if he could tell us who put him up to it first. Mm. Psh, he's just a kid. Can't we appeal to his conscience? Leave it with me. Wahid. They-- they might want to be alone. No, there are no secrets here. Do you know, Wahid, above all else, Allah wishes us to be truthful to him. For it is to Allah that we must answer. Ali Raffiq understood this, which is why he did the honorablething and married your sister. You can keep secrets from your fellow man, but Allah knows all. That judgment we cannot escape. I love your father, but you dohim no service by telling lies. Tell me the truth, Wahid. The truth. I don't think we should be doing this. Please. This is for his soul, not for the courts. Tell me the truth before Allah, Wahid. It's nothing to do with my father. I thought Ali Raffiq was a bad man. He told me he had abused Anisa, raped her, that it was my duty to protect her for the sake of our family. I didn't know they were married. I didn't mean him to die. I was frightened. He made me do it. I didn't have any choice. Who, Wahid? Who made you do it? My uncle, Jameel. [music playing] Mr. Khan. Mr. Khan. MR. KHAN: This way, please. I'm really very busy at the-- You're under arrest for conspiracy to murder Ali Raffiq. You do not have to say anything-- give me your left arm, please--but it may harm your defense if you do not mention, whenquestioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence. Uh, I-- I'm dreadfully sorry. There seems to have been somesort of misunderstanding. Mr. Saddiq will show you the rest. You're going to regret this. You sure you don't a solicitor, Mr. Khan? [laughs] Why do I need a solicitor? I've done nothing wrong. - Fine. Your nephew Wahid Khan has accused you of inciting him to setfire to Ali Raffiq's house. [chuckles] Ridiculous. Any idea why he would make such a claim? None at all. Did you tell him that Ali Raffiq had dishonored his sister,Anisa, that he'd raped her? [laughs] If this wasn't sotragic, it would be laughable. [phone ringing] Huh. [beep] Hello? Hello? ANISA [ON PHONE]: It's Anisa, Anisa Khan. Anisa. Are you OK? You have no evidence against me, madame. Nothing except the word of a frightened boy anxious to protect his own father. Your brother. Well, what of it? He's responsible for his own actions. [WHISPERING] That was Anisa. [whispering] JANINE: Thanks. My colleague has just been on the telephone with your niece, Mr. Khan, Anisa. We're going to meet with her now. See you later, Mr. Khan. Anything else you'd like to add, Mr. Khan? Anisa Khan? Mrs. Raffiq? You're free to go, but I do think you'll be safer coming with us. All right. JANINE: OK. Anisa, why did you keep your marriage to Ali Raffiq a secret? Was it because of your dad? Partly. Or was it because of your Uncle Jameel? He hasn't got a daughter of his own, right, so he arranged yourengagement, didn't he? ANISA: Yeah. To the son of a business partner. So it's Jameel you were afraid of? Ali told me he was a dangerous man. He was paying kids tomake trouble in the area, to drive white people out, sohe could buy up their property. Ali thought he was evengiving money to those racists in One Britain. All for his business. And how did he know this? When he was giving evidenceagainst Mark Clayton, Barry Peters men kept threatening him. They boasted that the chairman of the mosque was their biggest supporter,and Ali didn't believe it. But then he started hearingthings from the kids at the community center. Did Ali confront him? I don't know. He said he needed proofbefore he went to Imam Farzad. But he was making him angry, especially the way we were living. I went to see him on Monday night. He was in a black mood. I had never seen him like that before. He told me it wasn't safe for me to stay and that I should just go away for a few days. Anisa, tell us about your cousin Rizwan. His family are poor. Jameel has given them everything. That's how it works. Jameel gives you money, andyou do whatever he says. And everyone does whatever he says. It was probably Jameel tipped off Barry Peters about his arrest, trying to stir things up a bit more. And planted the milk bottle. [knocking] Yeah. I've got Anisa's dad, boss. Are you OK? Anisa. Praise be to Allah. Praise be to Allah. Anisa! So this isn't about family at all then, just some bentbusinessman protecting his turf. Well, she's done with thePR, but it's still not going to be easy to prove, though. Don't suppose Barry Peters could be persuaded to make a statement saying that Jameel gave him the money? [laughter] What? The man did try to frame him for murder. If Jameel was giving Peters money, knowing he'd use it toincite racial hatred, I mean, they both stood to gain by driving their communities apart. Peters got white votes while Jameel got to buy up cheap propertywhen the whites moved out. I think we should try andnet them both, don't you? Indisputably. You can't believe a word that girl says. She's lying. We don't force girls intomarriage in our family. JANINE: Mr. Khan, you willbe charged with conspiracy to murder Ali Raffiq. Well, you can't prove anything. We'll go through every checkstub, every bank statement, every phone bill until we canprove that you were funding Barry Peters and his thugs and you were making money out of it. You will then both be charged with conspiracy to incite racial hatred andprobably a number of offenses of corruption as well. Do you have anything to say, Mr. Khan? Do you know what's wrongwith this society, madam? It's weak. Your people are weak. Your children have been corrupted. They're good for nothing. They have no respect forlaw, for work, for religion, or for themselves. People respect me becauseI bring them wealth. I bring them dignity. I bring them honor. This has nothing to do with race. It's nothing to do with religion. This is pure selfish greed. You came up against a man who couldn't be threatened or bought, so you had him killed. Ali Raffiq wasbetraying his own people. He's not going to be missed. SHAZ: People looked up to you, Mr. Khan. They put their faith in you,because you were a success. You had everything they wanted,but you bought their loyalty. And look what you've done. You've killed the one man who was even more respected than you were. And he had nothing. [laughter] [interposing voices] - Who's buying? Oh, OK. Got the first couple of rounds on me. Quit playing. You're not looking outon us now, are you, boss? Oh, you'll cope without me. You're still coming out, though, Shaz? Yeah, I'll be down in a bit. Ay-ay, they clearly wish to be alone. You can trust them, you know? They're not going to strip you naked and leave you chained to a lamppost. Yeah, I know. I thought I'd go over to the mosque first for evening prayers,you know, show some support. What about you? Oh, I'm off home. Lots of overtime over there-- soothing troubled waters,and reading bedtime stories, cooking, cleaning,homework, feeding the dryer, fixing the baby, or something like that. Sounds like you need a wife. Oh, you volunteering? You know, we couldn't havedone this without you. It's been, um, interesting. [laughs] Do you ever think about becoming a detective full time? I'll put word in for you. [scoffs] I'd miss the uniform. Oh, you'd keep the cap. Think about it. I will. And thanks, boss. [theme music] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 