Blue Murder: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Blue Murder 
 s4e1 - Not a Matter of Life and Death - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Blue Murder (2003–2009): Season 4, Episode 1 - Not a Matter of Life and Death - full transcript 
 DCI Lewis and her team are on the scene quickly when a 19 year-old lad is stabbed just outside their local. The young man, Dwayne Kent, was out celebrating his birthday with his brother and others. He was an up and coming footballer that the papers referred to as the Golden Boy. He was found by his brother Lee just a few minutes after Dwayne had a run-in with three other young men who chased after him. It doesn't appear however that they were responsible. Dwayne was clearly living well beyond his means and seemed to own his own flat, which is news to his parents. False assumptions and mixed identities are key to solving the crime. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [music playing] Taxi? Hey, all right there, [inaudible] all right. Get off! Hey. You want taxi, huh? Where to? Dunsbury. $8 pounds only, OK? You're not a proper cab. $6 pounds, huh? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hey. $6 quid. [fighting words] You don't stand a chance. Yeah, don't move love. Come on. My god! Richard! Drinks. Well done today, everybody. Everyone pulled their weight on the stand. That was a good result. Well done. [interposing voices] - Cheers. Yeah, he'll be out in five. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh. [inaudible] won't be a happy boss till they bring back [inaudible]- No. [inaudible] Hey, Richard? Richard? What have you told her? Fireman, doctor, paramedic, gynecologist. Pete? Yeah. Yeah. Look, never mind where I am. I'm on a hot date. Boss, here. Yeah. No. Tell him to turn it off. Tell him to turn the gate offor it comes out of his room. Oh god, really? Yeah, all right. Yeah. Got to go, everyone. I've got to go. I'll see you later. - What? Thank you. [inaudible] [interposing voices] Well done and see you in the morning. [interposing voices] Bye. Bye. [sirens] [inaudible] assaulted me. Look, I'm the victim here. You're wasting your time on me. You should be doing them. Step away. Excuse me. Excuse me, please. Excuse me, please. I'm DCI Lewis. POLICE: Put down the knife. Stand back and drop the knife. I just found him like this. He was already lying there. Drop the knife. Get off us. It's my brother. Get off. What's your name? Come on, what's your name, son? LEE: I'm Lee Kent. That's my brother Duane, there. Is he going to be all right? POLICE: Take it easy. All right, calm down. [phone ringing] Oh, hang on. Janine? JANINE [ON PHONE]: Richard, drink up. There's been a lad stabbed just outside. I'm all juicy. We can either do it now orwe can do it in the morning when we're 12 hours behind. RICHARD [ON PHONE]: I've had a drink. I can't. Did I mention there's been a lad stabbed? That was the boss. So much for the night off. [music playing] Boss? Boss, what's happening? Stabbing. Victim's a black male, Duane Kent, 19, according to the ID in hiswallet dropped in the attack. Robbery? No, the money is still in there. Lisa, I need all the CCTVfootage from this area-- Butchers, Shap witness statements. Put that out, please? And where's Richard? Not still in the pub? I doubt it, unless that bird is taking a [inaudible] or something. RICHARD [ON PHONE]: This is DI Mayne. Please leave a messageand I'll get back to you. Lee, I'm DCI Janine Lewis. I've been telling them, that's my brother Duane. He is going to be all right, yeah? Were you with him when he was attacked? Found him like that. Anyone else present? No. Anyone else out with you tonight? Everyone-- all the lads--it's his birthday, June 19th. Where are they now? I don't know. What am I being kept here for now? Am I under arrest? For what-- enjoying myself? You're here, son,because you told an officer that you saw something. Yeah. I saw the fellows who donehim over-- three of them. All right. Where were you? End of the road, trying to getthe freaking bouncers to let me back into frigging [inaudible]to get my coat, which is still in there actually-- All right. Now can you describe the three men? [music playing] [phone ringing] Yeah? All right. Right. OK. Got it. Thank you. Yes. Yes. Thanks, Butchers. I'm liaison with city center's CCTV. Yeah. I'll put that description out. Control, I've gotdescription of the suspects. We've got three males,white, early to mid 20's. First one is tall, thin,skinhead, wearing a hooded top and, quote, crap trainers. Over chips? Sarge, I've got CCTV of the suspects. They don't fit the descriptiongiven by your witness. Clothing, build, hair-- theonly they got right is that, yes, there's three of them. It's a fiasco this-- a fiasco. I mean, you don't whatyou're doing-- none of you's. Why did you give us false information? You what? You never saw the attack.[scoffs] I know what I saw. Do you know I see? A drunken moron with a chip on his shoulder about the police, who's getting charge with attempting to pervertthe cause of justice. Boss, I've checked on the victim's condition. The knife went up through theabdomen, pierced the heart. It's critical. [music playing] The DI had been putting them away. I mean, he wouldn't have exactlybeen performing at his best. I hope he can perform at all. [arguing] Caleb, Lee-- both of you. [crying] Mr. Kent? Mrs. Kent, I'm-- I'm sorry. I'm DCI Lewis. This DC Goodall. How's Duane? You were in town tonight as well. Yeah. We all got separated. I-- I was-- I wasn't-- It's OK. It's OK. We'll take statements when you're ready. Do you know what he did? We are appealing for witnesses. Duane will tell you himself. He's hurt really badly, Eileen-- When he comes around, Duane will be able to tell you himself. We've got every availableofficer working on it, so-- Good. Why don't you have every available officer out stopping scum with knives from doing this? They stabbed my son, because they want to, in the city center-- people everywhere. They think they can walk away from it. And you know what? They're right, because you-- you do nothing. I appreciate your anger, Mrs. Kent-- Duane is a good boy. He's never been in any trouble. And just because he leavesa club five minutes past, not 10 minutes past, becausehe-- he walks left not right-- Wake up, Eileen. It was deliberate. Dad. Mr. Kent? CALEB: Will he still be able to play? You know, when he-- whenhe gets better, will he-- He has loads of clubs after him. He-- he was going to the top. [crying] Debbie, love? Oh. Hiya. It's like cardboard. You his sister? Girlfriend. Since I were 14. Sad, eh? Special is he? Some of the other lads on the team, they're just after whatthey can get from a girl. You want to see them out and [inaudible].. Not Duane though, eh? Why do you think his dad said-- about someone wanting to hurt him? He's just upset. So Duane's not in any sort of trouble or-- If you knew him, you wouldn't ask. The thing about Duane-- you can trust him. What you see is what you get. EILEEN: No! [wailing] [music playing] Even after ages of[inaudible] beating on you. The screens too small. Tom, you are going to be late for football. You need a bowl for that sweet tart. Tom? Three hours sleep, I've had. Like that, I feel. You're enough trouble formessing when your dad was here. He doesn't even want be here, does he? Why have you got to work on a Saturday, anyway? Oh, I'll them, shall I, nomurders at the weekend, please? Thank you. Mum, we need money for the France trip. We don't need it now. ELEANOR : Yeah, today, because Ineed to give it to Helen so she can give me some [inaudible] Kelly, how much is it? $250. I can't find my check, butI'll pay it into the bank-- internet banking, yeah? Cause you're going to clean that up for me. [clapping] Aye, aye. And I had a fiver on a duvet day. How is the head, Richard? You know what I like aboutworking with the DI, Shap? - What's that? - We used to banter. SHAP: Oh, leave him alone. Poor laddie, were up allnight, if he could manage it. Morning, everyone. Morning boss. Good to see you all here. Morning. No doubt, you heard aboutour big departmental night out. Yeah, I think we could do with a better plan for after the pub next time, boss. We all now about the day I hadare planned for after the pub, and if I hadn't been otherwise engaged, I'd have got off with her maids. Meanwhile, back in the real world, Duane Kent, 19 years old, a hugely talented young man, up-and-coming football-- everything to live for. Next, we're in [inaudible]. Thank you for yourinsight, detective-inspector. If only we'd had you with us last night. SHAP: Ah, he were conductinghis own investigations. BUTCHERS: I hope she was worth it. Paper's called him Golden Boy-- popular, never in any trouble. Regular Roy of the rovers. Knifed over some chips. What a waste. How much was caught on CCTV? Um-- this is from thecamera outside the Lost Bar. Duane leaves the bar at 10:15, he bumps into these three, that's when the chips are knocked over. You can clearly see him puttinghis hands up to apologize, but then they attack him,push him into Brooks street. And then, a minute later, they leg it. No sign of Duane. Six minutes later, you seeLee Kent, Duane's brother. And then we can see him here,coming back to get help. So nothing from forensics yet. But we have a murder weapon, Lisa? I've got two sets of prints. The first set from Lee Kent, who found the weapon, and no trace on[inaudible] for the second set. Any suggestion, please, onwhy Colin Kent, Duane's dad, should suggest that he might have been deliberately targeted? Uh-- he were in bits abouthis son, just couldn't handle it were bad luck. MAN: Unless those three were waiting for him. JANINE: Either way, we musttalk to Colin Kent again. In the meantime, there waslots of people passing by. Who are they? What did they see? Somebody must be able to identify these men. Janine? There's a lot of media interest in this case. We will be scrutinized. Procedure will be followed to the letter. I'll have a word with Shap. It's not DS Shap I'm concerned about. DI Mayne did not attend last night, I gather? He wasn't on duty. I've been increasinglyconcerned about his performance recently. In what way? Oh, come on, Janine. His mind hasn't been on the job. And if I've noticed, then you certainly have. Now, if one of your team isnot playing at full strength, I need to know. If someone is a member of my team, it means they're good enough. That's all you need to worry about, boss. I have just had to defend-- RICHARD: I wasn't fit to be on duty. This was a major incident.[interposing voices] I told you. RICHARD: I could have jeopardized the case. [interposing voices] [angry shouting] What is wrong with you? [music playing] [whistling] So do you recking the DIgot anywhere with that bird last night? Do you reckon mice like cheese? Oh come on, if he'd havegot anywhere with her, he'd have made sure we allknew about it, wouldn't he? Oh. We're not all like you, Shap. Some of us have sex with morethan one person in the room. Aw, 10 quid. You're on. Eh? All over the road. What is it? Butter. And? How many chippers you knowaround here still do scraps? Do you sell scraps here? You know, scrapings. Do you place the butter on top of your chips? Yes. Been a few places looking forscraps, haven't we, Shappers? Not many places do them nowadays. You want some chips and butter? He's only [inaudible] love. Who was working here last night? Update, please? I've got a pressconference in five minutes. Um-- we think we cantrace the suspect's route around town last night. Witnesses place him atthe pub, the Engine Rooms, playing pool from about 3:00 in the afternoon. They were seen running away fromthe incident along Hall Street, and then we picked them up here. Going towards Shoot Hill, maybe? Yeah. Um-- I'm getting the bosscompanies to check thee CCTV. LOUISE: Good. Excellent work, Lisa. Thank you, ma'am. Suspects? Jason Porter, caught by his butter mitts. He bought them at the Hoh Chin takeaway, which is just around the cornerfrom Brooks Street at 10:05. That's right. Staff there describe three lads coming in who match the images from the CCTV. They remembered him cause one of them had a distinctive tattoo,a spider web on his neck. The description of the tattoo led us to Porter. He's got previous-- a bitof dealing, possession. And recently, aggravated assault. Hoh Chin-- isn't thatright by the Engine Room? - Yeah.- That fits with what we know. Yeah, now the prints on the knife don't match Porter's, but he'lltell us who his mates were. My guess is one will fit. I'll just and brief to DCI. Good. I've been very impressed withyour work recently, Lisa. Oh, thank you. Enjoy being a member of the team? Oh, yeah, thoroughly. DCI Lewis not giving you too hard a time? No. I mean, yeah, but, uh-- well, I'm learning a lot from her. And DI Mayne? Um-- Must have been annoying for the rest of the team when he was unable to attend last night? Well, not really. [inaudible] I bet. Well, I wouldn't have said that. I mean he'd had a few too many, but he'd have been more of ahindrance than a help, so-- [WHISPERING] Flippin' idiot. [snoring] Guv. Mm? Guv? Morning, Jason. Mate-- mate, sorry-- sorry to wake you up, but I'm arresting you on suspicion of murder. [exhaling] [music playing] [inaudible] a bit ofchatter at the speaking clock. Hello. Dave Sheedey, youth coach. DCI, Janine Lewis-- Dave Sheedey, I used to watch you at City. I was there when you pulled[inaudible] past Clements. Now, what people forget is Jeffrey James did all the world there. He put that cross right on my head. Come on. He left the defense down, Dave. Thanks. Boss said you wanted to speak to the lads? Yeah. No training today. They come in just forsomewhere to go, I think. What a waste. One of the best young playersI've ever seen, Duane-- so committed. Not like Lee. Lee, his brother? Yeah, he were on the books for a while-- didn't respond to pressure very well. Didn't work out for him? Club let him go. I'm not sure he ever got over that. [sirens] So Jason, no alibi, caughton CCTV attacking the victim-- Wasn't me. When the forensic results come back, I'm guessing they'll say it was. Look, do yourself a favor all right. Stop trying to protect your friends. I mean, I can see you gettingoff with manslaughter here. All right. I was in a fight with this lad. It was his own fault. He walked straight into us. Oh, he asked for a kicking, did he? I didn't start it. It was just a beer, you know? No, I don't know. So who stabbed him? You? - No. - So who? - I didn't see him get stabbed.- OK. So who else were you with? Maybe they had a better view. I don't know who I was with-- just some lads I met in the pub. [scoffs] Oh, that-- that's verycon-- that's very convincing. Can you describe these lads I wonder? No. Counts your [inaudible]. All right, John, thanks. Hello, uh-- Michael O'Higgin. Mickey. Right, Mickey, when did you last see Duane? Uh-- Lost Bar. Must have been about a quarter to 10:00. One of the boys said that we was moving on. I went outside. I thought we had everyone,but Duane didn't come out and bouncer wouldn't let us back in. Where did you move on to? Can't remember-- just some other bar. So you didn't go to Joy'sLap Dancing bar, then? Somebody said they'd text Duane to let him know we'd meet him there. I wouldn't be surprised ifhe just decided not to come. Why's that? Goody two shoes, wasn't he? I mean, most of the lads,they love all that-- lap dancing, casinos, fancy bars. Me, too, I suppose. Not Duane though. We used to say Debbie had him like that. I mean, he'd get attention because most of the girls around this place,they knew his name and that. But even if they tried to chathim up, he'd be like, nah, you're thinking of someone else. See this lad here, he's Duane Kent. Then they'd end upgetting off with the girl. He were mad. Maybe he just liked his girlfriend? Yeah, maybe he justdidn't know how to end it. She was boring, that Debbie. He were going to be top level. He could have had anyone or anything he wanted. Did you see anyone inparticular talking to him that night, arguing? The only argument wasbetween me and Lee the leach. Lee Kent? Yeah. Oh, always hanging around, always smashed, always borrowingmoney off Duane or anyone else stupid enough to give him. Yeah, well, I told him, didn't I? Told him what? MICKEY: Said he had nobusiness hanging with us. He'd had his chance. - Excuse me a sec. Boss? Just wait there, please, Michael? Yeah. A message from the base. Eileen Kent's called in. She said Colin's gone offlooking for Chris Milligan. Who's Chris Milligan? A big sports surgeon. Gone looking why? Wouldn't say. She did say she was concerned about what he'd do when he got there. Dave? Chris Milligan-- did he look after Duane? Duane's dad represented him. So how would the Kents havecome into contact with him? Lee was with him. [music playing] You've got my deepestsympathies, you know that, don't you? Nobody's more upset about this than me. Go home, Colin. It was you. Oh, Jesus Christ. - I know it was you. - What? You made [inaudible] Eh? Don't you run away from me, Milligan. You don't like it now, do you? [inaudible] COLIN: I'm going to have you, Milligan, I swear. [arguing] Colin! [yelling] Come here. All right. All right. It's done now. [crying] He killed my son. Eh? RICHARD: Why would Colin Kent think you had a hand in his son's death? Because the bloke's a nut case. You can write that down as me statement. He said something about threats. Yeah. Oh, refer to me statement. It was him. He said he wanted to take Duane off me. I said no. I said, I don't work with bent agents. We have evidence to suggestit was unplanned attack. He made it look like that. Colin Kent was trying to dothe right thing by his lad, but he was an amateur. He couldn't cut it at thehighest level and he knew it. He was just being stubborn. So you don't deny approaching him then? I might have raised the possibility that Duane needed a professional. Duane's career would havemeant a lot money to you. Of course it would. He was going to make it. Anyone could see that. And you would have gone tosome lengths to sign him up, I bet. - Yeah. It must have been frustratingwhen you didn't get him. Yeah. So frustrating you did something about it? [laughing] I love this. Some nut job attacks me and I'm a suspect. Where were you last night, Mr. Milligan? - I was watching the match.- Where? At the Mogul. - That your local, is it?- Yeah, that's right. Who were you with? On my own. You not talk to anyone? In that place, youdon't even look at anyone without an invitation. Any idea who stabbed Duane Kent? No, no idea. Because Colin Kent said you had him killed. What motive could I possibly have? Duane had already agreed to sign with me. It's not my fault hehadn't told his old fellow he'd already been sacked. Colin? What? Colin? COLIN: Leave it. What's happened? How you doing, Debbie? I can't believe he's gone. No one can. Caleb's taking it dead bad. He just stays in his room. And Lee's dealing with it his usual way, off on a bender somewhere. What did he do? Uh-- let's have a cup of tea, shall we, eh? He, um-- he attacked Chris Milligan. Oh, god. It's only Mr. Milligan's insistence that we're not charging him. He'd said there had been threats. I didn't know, not till today. Collin never said anything? [scoffs] Colin, he doesn't like to ask for help. Like managing Duane's career? He had Charles himself when he was a boy. He didn't get in, but he was good. Taught the boys to be good, too. He just wanted them to havethe chances he never had. He gave up work. That must have been hard for you. I never liked the game. But I love my boys and myboys loved the game, so now-- You love the game, too? Can't stand it. What happened whenMilligan was managing Lee? Oh. Milligan had Lee believinghe was god's gift. Oh, he was going to make a fortune-- sponsorship deals, all this. Lee-- Lee was convinced hehad this amazing future ahead of him. But Milligan couldn't deliver. I think it were Milligantalked Lee into taking performance enhancing drugs. Lee got caught. He was suspended. He got a taste for all that nonsense that goes with the game-- thebars, the clubs, the girls, god knows what. And it was all taken away, just like that. [music playing] It was always Lee I was worried about. I thought Duane would be fine. [crying] He had so much living to do. You know, I think Hogg's right. You're not performing at the moment. Bollocks. Excuse me? I found a lump on one of them. Well I'm sure it-- it's nothing. - I don't want to talk about it.- A cyst. Have you see a-- Janine, I'd rather not talk about it. Where is he? And I know he lives here.He didn't want me to know. But I found out. I'm not stupid. Right. He stands me up, doesn't returnme phone calls for three days, and I'm not having it. Tell him, I want him out here now. And you, love, you keep looking at me like that, I'm going to chin you. Oy. We're police. Who are you? - I'm Kelly. Ask Duane who I am. - Duane? JANINE: Do you not see the news? I don't watch the news. How do you know Duane? I'm his girlfriend. - You liar. - You're not fat bitch. How's that for lying? - Oy! Come here. - Aye, no! All right.Let's just--let's get inside. She's lying. I know she's lying. - Just get inside. - I'm going to kill him. Tell him he's dead! OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. All right. Kelly, I've got some bad news for you. [crying] So if you are Duane's girlfriend-- if-- Kelly, how come his familydon't seem to know who you are? He told me they lived down south. Lying git. One look in the phone book, that was it. I'm so st-- He gave us this. Look. He would always buy me nice things. He appreciated me. How well did you know him? I'd been seeing him long enough. JANINE: How long? Nearly two months. How did you get to meet him? Oh, in that bar. The, um-- Mercury Lounge,members only place. You know, I was trying to black in and the door man being well up himself,and then Duane just appeared and he took me straight through. I thought to myself, at first, oh he's full of himself, this one. And I were right. It was all like, oh, I'vegot major clubs chasing me. All of this. But you saw the real Duane within, yeah? Well, yeah. It weren't just the pressiesand the posh restaurants and the lush apartment and that. We met Jessica, right? She's-- Whoa, whoa, whoa. Could you-- rewind. Apartment? [music playing] He said I could come when I liked. He didn't want us to haveno secrets from each other. How was he paying for this? [scoffs] He was a footballer. Yeah. But on the youth team. He hadn't eve turned pro. The sponsorship deal. What sponsorship deal? The sports wear company. JANINE: Don't think so. He got thousands. These Duane's as well? JANINE: Better get a warrant. Yeah. Lisa? What? Why would I want to talk to him? I was drunk. I was narced. I shouldn't have said it, butI'm not making this up, OK? I saw the fight. He was able to give an accurate description of Jason Porter,the tattoo and everything. Those lads, they didn't stab him. This Duane Kent, he won the fight. Did what? They were just three pissheads. It was all show, just flailing around. This Kent lad, he was fitter and he was sober. Yeah, he took a few whacks,but then he got on top of it. He chased them. One of them pulled a knife, buthe was never going to use it. Duane Kent just like tookit off him and they did one. Forget about it. He's lied before and he's lying now. Yeah, what if he isn't? What if Porter and his mates didn't stab Duane? We've got CCTV footage of the fight and you're willing to ignorethat on the word of a witness who's clearly full of crap. But what if someone elsecame from the other end of the alley, to avoid the CCTV? Well, Lee Kent did that. Oh, so his brother did it now? Well, we don't know wherehe was when Duane was stabbed. He can't account for himself. And what about Colin'saccusations against Milligan? Milligan said he'd signed Duane. If that's true, he's got no motive. Right. So now we've got a victimthey call Golden Boy, who's got a flat, a car, agirlfriend, and coke habit that nobody knew about. I mean, don't you think we might actually be missing something here? Sometimes people dieand there isn't a reason. I've printed you some stuff off the internet. You can't just ignore this. You've got to go see-- FEMALE REPORTER [ON TV]: The hunt for the killers of footballerDuane Kent continues, and the police areappealing for information from anyone in the city center on Friday night. LOUISE [ON TV]: As part of our investigation, we are appealing for anyonewho thinks they saw anything at all, no matter how small. You may not think it is that significant, but as part of a broader-- Oh, shut up. You still on decaf? Oh, hey, mate. Mate, oh. I've had some tests done. And I get the results in a couple of days. I'm sure it will be fine. I might have to come off. You don't know that. I might not be able to have kids. You don't want kids. Not until this. Want to do some penalties? Oh, I think you're up to England standards. Don't think so. I'm rubbish. Who says your rubbish? I go to footie every Saturdayand I don't even get a game. Since when? No surprise, is it? Because you can't help me andno one else has got the time. [music playing] MALE REPORTER [ON RADIO]: Well, that's the traffic and travel on another sunny day in Manchester. Coming up to 8:05 now andtwo days on from the stabbing of footballer, Duane Kent. Are Manchester police anycloser to catching the killer? Pressure is mounting andthe public demand answers. JANINE: Yeah? Really? Can you do that for me, Dave? Oh, that's brilliant. No, he's going to be thrilled. Thanks. Jason Porter-- we can eliminatehim from our inquiries. What have we got? We're still trying to locatewitnesses, particularly her. She must have still en in BrooksStreet when Duane was attacked. Cause look, here. She's trying to hail a cab. And then, this guy pulls out. I think she might have even got into his car. So we find the car, we find the girl. DVLA check? Came up registered to an out-of-date address. Yeah, we'll pass the reg onto AMPR. As soon as he's pickedup on city center camera, they'll flag it out. Yeah. What about the CCTV footagefrom the lap dancing bar. LISA: None available. We're working on statementsfrom other punters to confirm that Duane's mates were there. Yeah, Kelly Lang-- Richard put in long hours onthe internet to find this. I've been keeping it quiet for [inaudible] Yeah, I know what you'll be pulling out in front of her website. Yeah, if he was keeping her secret, what else was he hiding fromus that we should know about? Apart from the car and the $1,200 pound per month apartmentin Borodell Towers? How could he possibly afford it? He couldn't. Search results came back forloans, debts, credit cards, all in Duane's name. He was at least $15K in debt. Ooh. [inaudible] on the side[inaudible] high maintenance, isn't she? And I've got a membershipcard for the Mercury Lounge. That was $600 quid to join, traces of cocaine. It's a long time since little lad's dreamed of lifting the FA cup. Who would play? I mean, a footballer. DI Mayne, any thoughts? No. Let's talk to Kelly Lang again, find out who else knew about the apartment, and also, to Debbie, the girlfriend-- wonder what she knew? And if she knew about her, what she might have done to Duane? Yeah, what about, um-- Lee Kent? Mickey called Lee a leach. Well maybe Duane agreed. Maybe it was an argument and it got out of hand. SHAP: Oh, bring him in, find out. Ah, yeah, well he's a grieving relative, so he'll have to be interviewedon video, with proper support. We should do that as soon as. What about Milligan? Suppose his alibi stood up? RICHARD: Milligan was there. SHAP: Where? That's his car. [music playing] Do you know why you've been arrested, Chris? Because some fellow grieving for the son throws wild accusations aroundand you see fit to believe him. Did you threaten to hurt Duane Kent? What I said was, staying withColin would hurt him, as in, hurt his career. So you did say it? I've told you, he'd already signed with me. You can see the paperwork if you want. Well perhaps he only signed with you because you intimidated him? [laughing] Who is going to be intimidated by me? By my wife, yes, by me, no. Where were you Friday night? Watching the football. You're clear about that. Crystal. - In the Mogul? - Yes. The Mogul wasn't showingfootball on Friday night. I checked. I meant the Morris Dancers. Oh, and by the way, I've gotlads who can back that up. I bet you have, now you'vehad time to phone them all. Have a word, eh? You're talking crap. If you were in the Morris Dancers, what was your car doing outside the Lost Bar? [music playing] I let one of the players use it. Which player? Duane Kent. Interview terminated 11:05. We weren't going to let him knowwe'd found out about the car. I'm sorry. You lost control, Richard. I can't have you take your-- I'm sorry! Richard! Warn the public, willyou, not to approach him. He's unpredictable. He might even be dangerous. I think I might have gothim in trouble with DCS Hogg. Right. Let's go through this again. You expect us to believe thatyou lent Duane Kent your car and forgot to tell us until now? Ask the driver if you want proof. Driver? Duane can't drive. No offense to the lad, but he's fussy boots with the only pair of shoeshe'd ever like to fasten. Do you know what I mean? Well, that's funny, Chris, because we know he had his own car. Duane? RICHARD: We've seen it. Why don't you start tellingus what really happened? What this is really about is Lee, not Duane. Why? Agents get a bad name, right? I'm not corrupt. I'm not a villain. I am a businessman. Colin Kent doesn't get that. Your business involved giving Lee performance enhancing drugs. That was his choice, not mine. He wanted to win. He took a chance. He got caught. End of. Business. Colin Kent is no more a businessman than I'm a ballet dancer. Lee wasn't good enough. He was a liability on the pitchand he was the same off it. What do you mean? He was aggressive, astress-head, didn't like being pressurized, told what to do. What were you telling him to do? Not just me. Dave Sheedey, the other players, whoever-- he wouldn't listen. He thought he could be outevery night of the week. The club don't allow that. There are rules. Lee doesn't follow rules. Winds you up, does it, when some of these lads don't fall into line? Listen, do you think I'd leta player mess up his career if I could do anything about it? I told him to sort himself out. He didn't listen. The bottom line is, he's not good enough. Colin Kent won't accept that. This is his idea to pay back. Your car was there. You lied to us about your alibi. What were you doing there? [music playing] I was there to tap up a player. To do what? I went to the Lost Bar. I knew the lads were going tobe there for Duane's birthday. I needed to have a word with one of them. There was a big club interested in him and I was making an offer. So why wait till now to tell us this? It's not legal. I could lose my license for it. I'm already on a warning. Which player? Yeah, Chris was there. I did talk to him. He told me not to say anythingto anyone, or I could blow it. He said this was my chanceat the big time, maybe my only chance. When did this meeting take place? This was-- this was after all the others went to that lap dancing place. I didn't go. Where were you? I was with Chris in his car until all the trouble kicked off. First thing we knew was whenall the police turned up. Soon as that happened, he got us out of there. Hi, Debbie. Thanks for coming in. - It's OK. Please, take a seat. I, uh-- need to ask you some questions about this girl who claims she was Duane's girlfriend, this Kelly Lang. Kelly took us to anapartment in the city center. It was being rented by Duane. - What? He lived at home with his mom and dad. He never mentioned anythingto you about an apartment? He did not have an apartment. Don't you think I'd know? Do you think it'spossible that there could have been sides to Duane's life that you didn't know anything about? No, that slapper is lying, OK? She seen it in the news and she's-- she's gold digging or-- or she wants publicity, or-- I'm sorry, I have to ask. He wouldn't do it. I'd know. I'd have known. Oh hey, you're my 2:30. Oh, yes, I do see what youmean about those eyebrows. We'll sort those out for you, no problem. Slight mussy peaking through there, and all. Police, actually. Oh. I've come to ask you some questions about your relationship with Duane Kent. OK. Who else know about you and Duane, Kelly? All the girls here, me mates, me mom. Me mom loved him. So your mum had met him? Well, not met him as so much,well, I told her all about him. She read his [inaudible] everything. But your friends had met him though? You think I would let any of mates near him? Is there anyone who canconfirm that you and Duane were actually together? Me, love, I'm confirming it for you. Are you calling me a liar or what? What I want to find out is who else knew about Duane's apartment? Well, going by what you found in there, probably that cow hanging around his mom's house. She doesn't know anything about it. Well, I don't know then, do I? It was just me and him, intimate. Well, was there never anyone else there? Oh, hang on. No, I do know-- his brother. He told me him and his brother were dead close. And if he wasn't seeing me,it was always because, oh, I'm seeing me brother tonight. His brother Lee. I'll do the talking. [music playing] Hey, hello. Is your brother in, please? Uh-- no. Well, uh--do you know when he'll be back? No, not really. Do you know where we might find him? Should we start with someeasier ones and work up? Look, I don't know where he is, all right? How do you mean? He's been gone since yesterday morning. Oh, he's done a runner, has he? Oh yeah. No, he gets like this sometimes. He's like my dad, he-- he letthings build up inside him and-- and then he-- he just-- He just what? He runs. He just-- just gets away,you know, before he-- before he like, um-- Takes it out on someone. Caleb, what's he donethat he's running away from? He went out yesterday about 11:00. He didn't come home last night. Lee's a good lad, all right? He just can't get his life together. That's all. He's in and out of trouble,in and out of work, always drinking. Now why do you want to speak to him? We just need to askhim a few more questions. That's all. He's answered your questions. EILEEN: Do you have any kids? Yeah, four, one about Lee's age. Do you ever wonder howwell you really know them? [knocking] [music playing] I was knocking. Who got top bunk then. Who do you think? Tough break being the youngest. Didn't leave you much shelf space either. Player of the year 2003. Player of the year 2004. Player of the year 2005. They had to give it to someone last year. It was getting embarrassing. He scored 43 goals in the season. That's a youth team record, that. Oh, [inaudible] It must drive your mum mad. You know I could have played too, you know? She wasn't having it. That was mainly because ourLee was making such a balls-up with his life by then. Caleb, tell me when youlast saw Lee Friday night. Oh, Lee, um-- yeah, we were drinking at the bar. Um-- yeah, I went to the toilets and, uh-- I lost them after that. And how were things between Duane and Lee? What? Um-- yeah, OK. Yeah, normal. A bit of arguing, but there always is when Lee's been on the pot. Oh, we're brothers. It happens. It's normal. DCI Lewis said you were prettyangry with Lee at the hospital. You said it was his fault. I was just-- that was just because heshould never have left him. And I-- I was in a state. I don't know. I just-- I just said it. I didn't mean it. Can I have some juice? Hi, mom. Listen, why didn't you tell me you weren't getting picked for the team? No point. What do you mean? What? Only your dad can help youwith your football, is that it? Well, you're not exactly goingto take me out training, are I? Well, I might. You thought Matteo Ferrari was a car. Go get your kits on. Get real, mom. Go and get your kits on. I've been practicing me goals, I have. All right. [music playing] $115? Just tell me, what's going on? Friends in high places-- me. Hiya, Dave. Hello. Tom, is it? You up for a bit of one-on-onetraining there, mate? That top is so last century. Tom. Well, it's the one thatI played in, last century. For real? Are we going to work on your game, or what? Yeah. Hey, not on there we don't. We don't practice on there. Come with me, son. Dad will be gutted he missed this. Exactly. That's a nice dress you're wearing. When did you get it? Oh, a few weeks ago now. Can't keep up with your wardrobe. Did you pay for your school trip? Yeah. How much was it again? $250. Come on, Tom. $250. Oy, face, you're meant to behelping me cheer up me son. Shap texted-- still no sign of Lee Kent You think he did it? Well, do you reckon? Failure, borderline alcoholic. How do you think it felt forhim seeing his little brother on the verge of success? Not great. Michael O'Higgin calls him a leech. Lee And Duane argue. He loses his rag. There's a fight, stabs him. TOM: Anyway, did you seethat goal where I took him on and then it went in the bottom right corner? JANINE: Yeah. TOM: And I'm officially the only kid in the school who's had a one-to-one training with a top England player-- gets in. Yeah, gets in. [inaudible] in the front.ELEANOR: No. [inaudible] You're both in the back, please. Seat belts on. - [inaudible] JANINE: Both in the back, please. TOM: [inaudible] JANINE: Seat belts. Don't be looking at all this. Oh and there's probably nothing wrong with you. And two, if you're on team,I need you focused or you'll start making mistakes. Janine? Hello, Lee. Why did you do a runner? I was on a bender. That was all. It's not the first time it happened, eh? 48-hour drinking benders-- isthat what you call being uppy? I was jealous of him, OK? Yeah, well, who wouldn't be? He had everything, didn't he-- success, the apartment. Chris Milligan's apartment-- the place in town. It belongs to one of Milligan's companies. Duane went there like once. Eh? I don't want my dad to know this. I can't promise anything. Duane wanted to sign with Milligan. He knew who's fault it wasmy career went ass up-- mine, not Milligan's. And he knew dad wasn't up to the job. Why didn't he mention it to your dad? He was worried how dad would react. He told Milligan andMilligan came up with a flat so Duane would have a placeto go if he fell out with dad. All right. So you're saying Duane onlyuse the apartment once. Did you use it with him? No. RICHARD: Have you got big debts, Lee? What? Well, you haven't had a steady job. Is that why you persuaded Duaneto take out loans for you? He got himself $15 grand in the red. How much of that went on you? None. What were you and Duanearguing about on Friday night? I told him I was goingto flatten Mickey O'Higgins for calling me a leech. Duane was trying to talk me out of it. How angry would you have felt, if you felt that Duane agreed with Mickey. Very angry. Angry enough to stab him? Get lost. Well the knife was lying there. Three lads had already beaten him out. No way. It was just lying there.It wasn't your knife. You just found it. - This is bullshit, man. I know two things right. One, I didn't kill my brother. Two, this stuff, these debts, that's not Duane. I don't know who that is, but it's not Duane. RICHARD: Four reference requests for information on Green, Miss Ann Juliet217 [inaudible] Foxtrot. The rating is an unlicensed taxi. Big, lots of room in thestreet, one male occupant. JANINE: That's all received. Can you open the window, please, sir? [inaudible] street. Right, Thomas, do you knowwhy we want to talk to you? No. How long have you been in this country, mate? Nine months. Nine months. Not long enough to get a Hackney license? No? SHAP: Look, mate, we're notinterested in your license. We think you took a fare froma witness to a crime on Friday. We just want to know where you took her. Here-- Brook Street, 10:15 PM. I think, yes. So where did you take her too? A Brook Street. No, no. Brook Street is where you pick her up. Where did you take care to? Brook Street. I drive, we turn corner, lady wants to get out, so I let her out, and shegoes back to Brook Street. Oh, so she went back into Brook Street? Yes. Where did she want to gobefore she changed her mind? Uh-- Dunsbury. Dunsbury. Do you remember the name of the street? [music playing] Got her, over here. Adele Chambers? Leah, go play upstairs, darling. There's a good girl. I've only just got him down. What's this about, please,because my husband's going to be back soon? Were you on the[inaudible] Friday night? Uh-- yeah. Friday-- yeah-- yeah, I was, with, um-- a couple of girls from work. A young man was murdered, Duane Kent. It's been on the local news the past few days. Oh, right. Well I've got two kids, soI don't really get a chance to keep up with all the news. Yeah, we thought you mighthave witnessed the incident. Witnessed it? No. How did you get home Friday? Uh-- taxi. SHAP: All right. And you came straight home, did you? Yeah. SHAP: All right, cause, uh-- the driver we spoke to reckons you got outof the cab pretty much as soon as you got in it. Oh, yeah, actually I did get out, but I still didn't see anything. SHAP: Why, uh-- why did you get out of the cab? Well, I just realized thatit wasn't a proper taxi. You know, safety. Yeah, but why did you goback down Brooks Street? Well, because I was tryingto find a proper taxi. Yeah, but you'd just been down there. You knew you couldn't geta taxi for love nor money. Yeah, well, I wasn't thinking straight. Look, is this going to takelong, because like I said, my husband's-- So you were getting into the cab just as the fight were kicking off and then 30 seconds later, you're walking back down Brooks Street. You must have seen it. Well, actually, yeah, I did see that something was happening. But I didn't want to getinvolved and I still don't. All right then, so you did see something? I kept way back and Icouldn't make anything out. When the police arrived, I wentoff in the other direction. OK? What's up, Adele? Do you not want us to be herewhen her husband gets back? Uh-- love, do you mind if I borrow your pen? What did you go back for, really? Nothing. SHAP: Right. It's just that we've got some CCTV footage of you leaving that bar. You seemed a little right already. Or was it a strop? SHAP: Who were you in strop with? No one. Maybe you had unfinished business. Is that why you went back? No. I just wanted to get home. Did you speak to Duane Kentwhen you were in the Lost Bar? No. Let me go through this one more time. Right. So you are struggling to get a taxi. You find one. You get in. And then you get out again. It was a dodgy cab. I shouldn't have got in, but I did. And then I thought, what am I doing? I mean, you hear stories aboutthese girls in the taxis and-- Adele? Oh, god. SHAP: What's the matter, love? Were you with someone that shouldn't have been with on Friday night? Adele? I was raped, two months ago. He doesn't know about it andI don't want him to know. And you're saying that'swhy you got out of the taxi? Please? Eh-- who raped you, Adele? Duane Kent. I did nothing to Duane Kent. He did something to me. JANINE: I sympathize with whatyou've been through, Adele, and I'm going to make sure youget all the support you need, but it's not going to stopme getting to the truth. The truth? On May 23, in his apartment,at Borodell Towers, I was raped by Duane Kent. Can you tell me aboutwhen you met him, please? It was a girl's night, friends from work. Somebody got talking to him and he said that he was a memberof the Mercury Lounge and he could get us in. We were just laughing at him really. He was going on about howthese clubs were all after him. I don't think you were the first girl he'd spun that line to. We went in. I got talking to him. I soon realized that he was trying to pull me, but I wasn't interested. I mean, he was what? 18, 19-- young anyway. But I'd just had my secondand I was flattered. I wasn't feeling very glamorous. Splashing the cash, was he? I let him buy me champagne,but it was just a laugh, showing off to my friends. It was like, oh, I pulled afootballer, that kind of thing. It was stupid. What did you do? Well, I was flirting with him big time, draping myself all over him. I even kissed him. But it was just for the girls taking photos. It was like, oh, look at me. We're going to be in [inaudible]we're going to be in heat, you know? Would your mate still have those photos? Um-- well, they were on a phone. She probably doesn't remember. I don't know. Why did you go back to his apartment? Because he said he wasgoing to have a party and that all these big players were going to be there. I was high as a kite by then, so I said I'd go. And was there a party? ADELE: No. I came to my senses then. I mean, I had a husband and two kids at home. This was just make believe. Duane was one of those blokes though, once he'd bought a girl a drink, he thought no meant yes. I said that I wanted toleave, but he wouldn't let me. He got me on the floor. He kept watching himself in the mirror. That's what I remember. Him watching himself do it. Do you want me to stop this interview? No. No. So why didn't you report it? Because I'd gone back with him to his flat. I'd been kissing him. I thought that it was goingto be the end of my marriage. It probably will be now. You might be surprised, Adele. You know, I dealt with this. I had to learn to live with it. But you couldn't live with it, could you? RICHARD: I used to go every week with me dad. That was when you were allowed to stand. BUTCHERS: Yeah, and you couldn't see anything. Fella next to you weighing on your shoes. The good old days, eh? Yeah, it was about footballthen, wasn't it, not money. Football's not amatter of life and death. Yeah, it's much more important than that. We're going to need to speak to a colleague of Adele's, Jennifer Corcoran. She may have photos on her phoneof Adele and Duane the night he allegedly rapes her. I'm on it, boss. You think she's telling the truth? Oh god, I hope not, for hersake, for his, for all of them. Last Friday, did you know that you were going to see him in the Lost Bar? Of course not. I was out with work. I wasn't even drinking. I don't anymore. So you just bumped into him? I saw him across the room,laughing his head off, he was. How did that make you feel? Well, I couldn't stand it. I wanted to go over there andtell him exactly what I thought of him, but I knew that I'd behumiliated with all his mates round him. But they split up, didn't they? Yeah. So I went over there, and I told him that I was never going to forgive him for what he did to me. And one day, just when hethought he was safe, enjoying his success, about scoring theWorld Cup, whatever, I might just tell someone, Duane Kent raped me, so he better not forget it either. And then I left, and that was it. Did he follow you out? Oh, how do I know? So why did you get straight out of the cab as soon as you'd got in it. Look, I've already said this. It was a dodgy cab. I panicked. I got out. Did you go back for another go at Duane? No. Well, he'd been in a fight. You go for him, make it looklike someone else has done it. I just got taxi home, a proper taxi. Oh, right, right. So if we check with the license cars and if we check to see if anyone saw you-- There was somebody in the bar. One of his mates came over, grabbed me, and got me away from him. He heard what I said, so you ask him. What did he look like? Black lad, about the same age. Might be one of his brothers. The only problem is they'vebeen interviewed at length and neither of them mentioned you. [music playing] I found this Jennifer Corcoran, she's got hundreds of photosdownloaded onto her PC. Any of Duane? No, not yet, but-- I got forensics back on Adele. She was definitely in physicalcontact with Duane Friday night. It looks like she really did it then, for what he did to her. LOUISE: Thank you, everyone. Well done, Janine. You know I have every faith in you. Including my team selection? Sometimes you can get alittle too close to your team. Yeah, sometimes you can be right up close and still not see what's really going on. Thanks. Lisa? Adele, please look at these. Could you tell me who you believe that to be. Duane Kent. And this? That's him. That's Duane's friend from the bar. And, uh-- just once again, please? Who do you believe this to be? Duane Kent. And that. Duane's friend from the bar. Adele, I-- I don't thinkyou murdered Duane Kent. Yeah, I'm really in totalcharmer about it all, you know. I went to the doctor andhe said I might have to see a, um-- a what you call it? A psychologist. Psychiatrist. Oh, starts with an s anyway. Excuse me, Kelly, can I just, um-- I'd just like you tell me please, who that is in this photo? Thought you'd be further onin the investigation than that. Just answer the question. Duane Kent. So this man told you thathis name was Duane Kent. Yes. And this is the man from the apartment? Yes. Tell me who that man is, please? Not a clue. Thank you. Sorry. Janine, what's going on? Caleb was impersonating Duane. What? Probably started as nothing, just a laugh. Mickey said Duane used toget people to impersonate to fend off the girls. He said Caleb was him. Yeah, Caleb must of loved it. He'd never normally get a lookin with the ladies, but as Duane-- Girls, like Kelly Lang. Yeah, and god knows how many others. He gets a taste for it, and it'sexpensive keeping up a pretence like that, so he startssending off forms to the credit card people in Duane's name. He must have thought he could have anything he wanted. Like Adele Chambers. Yeah, only she turns up at the bar and blows the whole thingapart in front of Duane. [music playing] [knocking] Lee. Caleb. It's all right, Caleb. We know about the car and the flat-- everything. I-- I-- I don't-- We know about Adele. Come on, lad. Caleb! [music playing] [crying] It was an accident, mom. He said he was going to turn me in. Look, I-- I know I made a mistake, but I didn't deserve that, did I? I wasn't given the chance. Lee spoiled me chance. Caleb, we stopped you playing because-- to protect you. We stopped you because you weren't good enough. I was. No. [crying] [inaudible] Yes, I was. Richard, shall I get a doctor? I'm all right. Really? It's benign. Oh god. I got the results back today. You must be so happy. Yeah, I'm over the moon. Oh. Come on. Yeah. You know about the money, don't you? Mm-hmm. It was for clothes. Mm-hmm? You going to stop me fromgoing on the France trip now, aren't you? - Mm-hmm. You know, you don't realize it now, but you're lucky you can'tget away with anything. You're lucky I know you as well as I do. [music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 