Blue Murder: Season 3, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Blue Murder 
 s3e2 - Make Believe - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Blue Murder (2003–2009): Season 3, Episode 2 - Make Believe - full transcript 
 Less than two weeks after 3 year old Sammy Wray goes missing from a children's playground, a child's body is found in a sewer. DCI Lewis is leading the inquiry and the pathologist's report cites the cause of death as a blow to the skull. The investigation soon reveals that the boy's father, Clive Wray, is lying to them about his whereabouts the day the boy went missing. His ex-wife is known to have made threats against his new family and she becomes a suspect as well. The case is thrown into chaos however when DNA testing reveals that the dead boy isn't Sammy Wray. The police now have two cases to solve and it's back to square one interviewing Sammy parents, neighbors, workmen and any others who might have be in the area when Sammy disappeared. They're convinced his disappearance and the death of another child of the same age have to be connected but there is no apparent link. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [kids playing] [rain beating down] FIONA WRAY: Sammy? Sammy? Where are you, Sammy? Sammy? Sammy? YOUNG BOY: Mama! Sammy, Sammy! Sammy! Sammy! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [echo] MALE VOICE: It's been three dayssince Sammy Wray was reported missing from Whittington Park. Hopes are now fading for Sammy Wray five days after he was last seen alive. DCI Janine Lewis. Thanks. DI Mayne. Millie from the press office. Satisfied? Was she? Hi. Young child, looks like a blow to the head. Sammy Wray? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Could well be. The clothes are right, size of the body. We get the parents to ID him? Too distressing, the effectsof the water and animals. Best shot the DNA. I don't want them waiting a minute longer. Mr. and Mrs. Wray, I'm DCI Lewis. We found him. I'm so sorry. But I have to tell you we haverecovered the body of a boy matching Sammy's description.- Oh. Get out. God, no! - Just get out. - Oh! It's terrible news, I know. [sobs] I want to see him. Can't do that, Mrs. Wray. RICHARD MAYNE: Not until we have the DNA result, we don't want to put you throughthe formal identification. [cries] Sue will remain with you asyour family liaison officer. She'll continue to stay with you. I'm going to be leading the investigation. DI Mayne will be working with me. I know you've already made statements to the missing persons inquiry. But circumstances have changed. We do need to look at everything again. We can, um, do that now ortake a break, come back later. - Now. - Fiona? Now. [voice catches] Could you, um-- could you describe for me, please, what Sammy was wearing theSaturday he went missing. His navy trousers, a grizzlybear t-shirt, red shoes. [sobs] You went to the park-- About 1:00. He loves the slide. And one minute, he was there. Then you raised the alarm. It's OK. And you arrived home at-- Uh, 4:00. [inaudible] Oh my god. Where you been walking? Kinder scout. Hayfield. So she called it off, yeah, mate? Who have you told? Have you told everyone? She knows you want to get that rock back. Stick that in your pre-nup. Somebody finally said yes to [inaudible].. - And it'll actually matter?- Don't worry, boss. Mail order bride. 28 days money back guarantee. OK, everyone. A small boy killed andleft in a drainage tunnel. Sort of case we pray won't happen. If anyone needs to stepdown at any point, do it. Likewise, counseling. Don't want to lose any of you. Now, most of you know EmilySaunders, press office. This is a high profile case, so Emily is going to be developing andmanaging our press strategy. What do you need? We've three lines of inquiry,the family at the park, and the crime scene. Post-mortem shows deathdue to a fractured skull. The body was wrapped in asheet, generic poly cotton. Chain stores sell them, catalogs. Clothing has descriptions,popular High Street range. The footwear is still missing. Estimated time of death between7:00 and 12:00 days ago, and it appears as if the body was put into the tunnel soon after that. So ideas. Family? The Wrays kill him and then report him missing as a cover-up. But Fiona Wray was seenwith somebody at the park. Clive's got a dodgy alibi, though. There's no one to verify where he was. Suppose he was involved. Why bury Sammy so close to home? Opportunistic. Sharp, get on to the wardens,park rangers, whatever. Check CCTV between here and Hayfield. Speed cameras, anything thatmight flag up Clive Wray. OK, moving on. Scene of crime. The property here is being refurbished. We'll talk to the contractors. And door-to-door the neighbors. Yeah, I've got a screwfrom a pair of glasses caught in between the sheets, plusfragments of optical glass found on the pavement by the manhole cover. Sammy was wearing his glasses at the park. The sheet looks like a shroud, isn't it? Not just dumped in a bin bag. A mark of respect. Or he just grabbed what was out. OK, now the park. We are reviewing eyewitness statements. But to date, no one saw the actual abduction. So-- Those three signs-- havethey been cross-referenced? Uh, yeah. We're still looking for a woman on her own, an elderly couple with adog, and yes, a bearded man acting strangely by the gate. I know there is always a bearded weirdo acting strangely, but don'tdismiss it completely. Just don't waste time on it. Lots to do. Let's get on with it. Hey. What are you doing on this job? What do you think? Doing my job. Millie, can you avoid sensationalizing it? Well, yeah, I mean, I'll do my best, but the Nationals will be on to it Sundays. It's a big story. [construction noise] CONSTRUCTION WORKER: Johnny McEvoy. Hey. Yeah? Could I have a word? This about the murder? That's right. I was there when they found the body-- huge shock. You got any leads yet? We reckon in most caseslike this it was the family. When were you last there? Monday. My mates on the 6-- I've been filling in there all week. That child, he'd beenthere a while, hadn't he? What were you doing there this morning? I was just checking thesite, you know, for vandalism. We get a lot of vandalism. Still, I don't have totell you about that, do I? See anything that might help us? I've been racking my brains. It was a fractured skull and all, wasn't it? Do you know if he was killed and then moved? You see, there was this case in Florida. Oh, joy. We've got ourself an expert. What? Mr. Stafford, Detective Sergeant Butchers, you are aware of the incident? Yes. We're interviewingeverybody in the vicinity. I didn't see anything. I can't help you. Can I come in, please? You say you've not seen anything suspicious. What about regular comings and goings? Neighbors? Builders next door? Builders? That's a joke. Permanent go slow. Don't see them for days on end, then they turn up at the crack of dawn. I've told them I work nights,but they don't give a toss. Yeah, when did you last see them? Monday. Is that it? Can I just have a quickword with your wife as well? She died. Luke, the police, want toknow if we saw anything. No. Just the coppers and that this morning. Excuse me? Mr. Breeley? DCI Janine Lewis. DI Mayne. What's that about? Can we come in? Mandy, police, comeabout that little kiddie. Sh. I've just put Chuck down for his nap. We saw it in the news. Couldn't believe it. Yeah, sit down. Hello. Who's this? Connor. Did you see anyone acting suspiciously? Or anyone close to the main drainage? Is that where they found him? Christ. You know when you've got kids of your own. Not at work? Bad back. Weather like we've been having,the rain, it often goes off. Takes twice as long to do a job. Last Saturday, you knocked off lunchtime. That's right. I came back here. What did you do that afternoon? Um, I just did stuff around the house. He's always out busyfixing other people's houses. I'm always on him to sort this place out first. [phone ringing] Yeah? Boss. Shap, if you rang me forovertime, you can forget it. No, it's Clive Wray's alibi. Hayfield was holding a fell race on the day. 120 entrants,supporters, and stewards. If he was there, there's noway he could have missed it. He's lying to us, Boss. He's lying. Fiona, I need to ask youa really difficult question, and I wouldn't do if it wasn't so vital. But we believe Clive islying about going walking. Well, I don't know what to think anymore. He was just so jumpy every timeanyone asked us where we were. You know, I thought I was being paranoid, but his boots were clean,and I looked in his pockets. That's where he was. Look at the date. He's lying. A time like this and he's lying. I mean, why would he lie when Sammy? Why would he lie? Right, here we are. 11:45 AM on the morning of theday Sammy Wray was abducted, sports north recreation ground, hockey match between Marsh High School and-- All Saints High under-16. Right. OK, enter Clive Wray and meets with jailbait. Not the sort of [inaudible]and his missus had in mind when she filled this flask. Could explain the alibi though. Oh, hang on. I mean, if you are in somesort of illicit, possibly even illegal, affair, I mean,why do it out in the open like that? It's so public. Come on, he's shagging her,she's given him the boot, he can't take it because he'ssubtle saddled with a gym slip fixation, like you. Bring him in. Your child goes missingand you lie to the people who are trying to find him. For what? To cover up a seedy affair? She's my daughter. She's my bloody daughter Sarah. When I split from my ex-wife, Claire, I hoped that I'd still getto see plenty of Sarah. That's why we bought the house nearby, so that she could come around. But Claire is very needy, volatile. She made our lives hell. Coming to the house, abusivecalls, turning up at work. It was horrendous. In the end, I promised FionaI'd make a clean break. On the very day Sammy wasborn, Claire took an overdose. Sarah had to call an ambulance. How long did this go on for? I left Claire when Fiona got pregnant. She was still harassing usuntil Sammy was six months. But recently, I started to feel bad about Sarah. Not being there for the first 12 years, and-- What about the argument at the hockey match? She was very angry with me. She told me to piss off. Where did you go? I don't remember. I, um, I drove around, and sat in the car. Do you have to tell Fiona? No. You have to. He thought he could just say sorry and it'd make everything better.Like hello. Is that why you rowed? Did you know about this argument? I told her about it. She stopped eating, you know, when he left. Starved herself. - Mom. Is this the first time he's come to see you? [inaudible] Sarah, your dad? He made a mistake abandoning us. - Um, no. - I think he knows that. He brought Sammy around a few weeks ago. Some deranged plan. If we met him, it would change everything. You met Sammy? So not a good idea. I never wished the child any harm, I just wished it had never been born. Mom. If it hadn't been for the baby, he'd have never of left me. We're second best. He's just in denial. He choose Fiona. He choose Sammy. Poor, Fiona, such a tragedy. [inaudible] If I ever get that bitterand twisted, do me a favor, shoot me. If? I've just had the star on. Donny McAvoy has been trying to sell them pictures from the crime scene. Took them with his phone. They're not biting? No. They know the score. Mystic Meg, she was seenlunching outside the res that afternoon. You were seen in the houseshorty before 1:00 on Saturday. Was I? What were you doing there? If Clive wants to play daddy to Sarah again, he'll have to give it 100%. Come back to you? I went to tell him all or nothing. When I think about whathe'd done, our lovely girl, he abandoned her. Cut her dead. He nearly destroyed me. Sarah had to listen to mehowling night after night. What did Clive say? Nothing. No one was at home. So you went to the park? Saw Sammy and Fiona. He loves me. That's what people miss, the connection. Passion. We were probably lovers in our former loves. It has that resonance. And they looked happy, Fiona and Sammy? And you've been happy, hadn't you? You and Sarah. Well, you and Sarah andClive till Sammy came along. It's times like this that people find out what really matters, like Clive and I. It'll bring us closer in the end. Did you go to the park? You're holding on to a great deal of anger. Mrs. Wray. No. I had a walk and came home. Sarah? She was here. What time was that? I don't wear a watch. It interferes with my chakras. Why did you take Sammy to see Claire? He's just a little boy. She acted as if he was a-- I just thought that if she saw him. You took our son to see that bloody woman after everything she did to us? The car, the scratches, thetires, that was her again, not vandals. You still love her, don't you? Claire's been right all along. You only left her because I was pregnant. You never really loved me. It's always been Claire, hasn't it? No. Tragic bloody Claire and her precious daughter. Do you know she never evenlet me give birth in peace. Oh, no, she had to grab the spotlight and try and kill herself. My boy. She'd never touch him. You've no reason to think so. Claire was seen. She admits she came here. She killed him and it's your fault. That mad bitch came and took him. Don't you see what you've done? Hello? Claire is not a killer. I love you, Fiona. You, Sammy, and Sarah. Sure. I may have lost one child,but I'll fight damn hard to be a father to the other one. No doubt whatsoever? I see. Yeah, thank you. That's how it will be. If you love me, you'll accept that. Fiona, I'm so sorry. The child, the boy, it's not Sammy. The DNA results havecome back it's not Sammy. We have an abduction and themurder of an unknown child. Sammy is officially a missing person again. Back to square one on this. He's now been missing for 11 days. Claire Wray is our keycandidate for the abduction. Did you search her house? We'll get a warrant. We'll talk to her, lookinto this recent harassment of Clive and Fiona. See what threats she's been making. Could do a line up, see if people pick her out as thesingle woman at the park. Sarah is another contender for that. We'll talk to her too. OK, actions, trace interview andeliminate remaining witnesses. Reconstruction's set for tomorrow. And if you rule out Claire Wray? Cases could be linked. Could be somebody targeting 3-year-olds. Or there could be no connection. So we deal with these as two distinct inquiries. This is not Sammy Wray. Who is it? Well, with no ID for the child,we concentrate on the site-- Hang on. Janine? Well, I've seen a few things in my life, but something like this, wrapped in a sheet? But I could tell it was a body, and it'd been down there a while. And here's me justworking a few yards away. Beggars belief. I want him gagged. Shap, talk to him. Who else have access to the site? Neighbors. Ken Stafford couldn't getrid of me fast enough. Right. We eliminate all of thembefore we take this any wider. Background checks, record checks. Be thorough. She took Clive and now she's still persecuting me, because she knows where Clive really belongs, that's why. My phone is in meltdown. Local press have got wind of an arrest. Half of them are camped outside. Is it true you're questioningthe ex-wife for the abduction? What gives you the impressionthat Clive still loves-- Well, thank you for the update. I've been quite busy. I should be told of all major developments. This is a major development.- No? Yeah. Your final answer? There's a lot of speculationflying about at this stage. Well, unless you giveme something to work with, it's going to be all over the airwaves as well. Or shall I just put the call straight through to the incident room? To the horses mouth? Richard, no names yet. Thank you for your support. I'm not going to talk to her like that. You've been up to yourold tricks again, Mrs. Wray. Attacking property, threatening Clive and his family. Second family. We've been reading some of themessages you've been sending. Your life won't be worth living. You're a slut, and her brat can rot in hell. This all started up again afterhe brought Sammy around, yeah? What did he expect? I hated that child. Hated? You think he's still alive? Yes. Luke Stafford, bit of a button, and he went to All Saints High School,same school as Sarah Wray. [phone ringing] CS Shap. Oh, hiya, Kim. No, it's Tony, yourfiance's better half here. No, love, you've just missed him. OK.All systems go for tonight? I can't wait. I'll tell him. All right then, bye. Maybe we should postpone the party? Everyone's flat out. No way, mate, after the lastfew days, we all need a chance to get totally hammered. A week last Saturday, youwere working, then what? Shift finishes at 4:00 AM, Iget in half past, slept through till 5:00ish that afternoon. So you didn't see Luke forthe best part of 20 odd hours? I needed it. I just got off when thebloody builders rolled up. Yeah, and you're never shut up about it. What time did you get up? Don't know. The rest of the day, what then? Here, probably. Because you've been in abit of bother, haven't you? Vandalism, assault. Does itmake you feel big, does it? Knocking someone about. Do you get balls out of hurting people? Pack it in. How well do you know Sarah Wray? We're mates. Has she said anythingto you about the abduction of her half brother? - No. Nothing? Said you lot went round there. And that's all? You don't [inaudible] round of you. Yes. There's nothing for you here. OK. Listen, have we got thatwarrant for Claire Wray's house? Yeah.DS BUTCHERS: Meet me there. That's great. Thanks. It needs sensitive handling. Well, you're good at that. You still up for the party tonight? Yeah. Are you coming? Doubt it. Boss, Luke Stafford andSarah Wray are best mates. He's got a history of violent behavior, and he lives next door to the murder scene. She's got a reason to want rid of Sammy Wray. What you saying? Well, it's a pact. She does Sammy and he doesn't have a child. Their kids. Or he was going after Sammy,but he got the wrong kid. Oh, come on. Boss, you want to see her room. Full of chiller DVDs andstuff about death and pain. Sick stuff. She's 15. Hello. Bernard Cohen, purple ink, crap poetry. I know you sprang fullyformed, but the rest of us have been there. I'm not pullingjuveniles in on the basis of a freaking DVD collection. Can you put either Sarah or Luke at the park? Not yet, but I can try. Oh, right, I thought you wereotherwise engaged this evening? Boss, none of the witnesses picked Claire Wray out of the lineup. OK, release her. We have no evidence that Claire's involved. The reconstruction startsat 1 o'clock tomorrow. And? Was that it? We go through the whole thing for the cameras just so you can plaster over the news. There are still some witnesseswe haven't managed to talk to. I'm hoping they'll come forward,but you don't need to be there. We don't need to make thisany harder than it has to be. Oh, no, we'll be there. When you first told usthat you'd found him, when we believed he was dead, it was so raw and dark, I couldn't breathe. But this, this is worse. I'm so sorry. I don't know what's happening to him. I watch the clock and I counthis hours, and I'm not there. I should be there. Pete? Can you pull around? Something's come up. Hiya. I thought you meant work. It's work related. Hiya. Hi, Boss. Next ones on me. Whatever these guys wantand something for yourself. Great. You want to get her name down for "Wife Swap." She'd be perfect. You need a top off, Boss? Thanks. Go on then, Butchers, which one is she? The one-- In pink. Millie, Millie, we had a[inaudible] called Millie once. Is it short for something? Milicent? It's Emily actually. Oh. You don't use Emily for work. You know who you are, maybe a bit more-- Same again? Will you do the honors? Thanks. I think you've had enough. Piss off. More what? Sorry? How long have you two been an item? He acts like it's a trade secret. You're not married to awoman or something, are you? God, no. Are you? What? So what made you pop the question? Were you pissed or what? I don't remember. It was news to me. Bad news. But you still went aheadand stoned up for a ring? Well, I-- You tight git. You made her pay for her own ring? Only till my salary comes through. What am I going to do? Leave it with me. I'll have a quiet word. Tony. It's sorted, trust me. I never took you for a party animal. Living large, Louise, that's what I say. Got to show 'em we're human. The team respects you, Janine. That's hard to win but easily lost. You know you're never really off duty. You have to set the tone. Lead by example. It can be tricky knowing where to draw the line. A case like this is hard on everyone involved. You can say that again. We're all working our ballsoff and getting nowhere. And there's me, telling theparents of a missing 3-year-old there's still no news, and itmakes me wonder, if, you know, maybe I've dome something wrong. Maybe I can't hack it anymore. I'm just in this job becauseit's all I've ever done. You. No. If I feel like that, how am I supposed to keep up morale for that lot? [yelling] Come on, Boss. You haven't had any cake yet. We need to get in quick. [DRUNKEN SINGING] Regrets, I've had a few. I've had a few actually. Then again, too many to mention. I did what I had to do and sawit through without exemption. I planned each chartedcourse, each careful step. Done it my way, more than this, I did it my way. [SINGING] Regrets, I'vehad a few, but then again-- I can arrange a few more, if you like. OK. We've now got detailedstatements from the Staffords, McAvoy, Breeley, [inaudible]the whole of Kendell Avenue, plus testimony from Royal Mailstaff, meter readers, window cleaners, Avon lady, the works. That little lot needscorrelating and mapping out. Someone put that childthere, they weren't observed. When did they get the chance? Late night, Butchers? I brought in Luke Stafford and Sarah Wray. They were at Luke's houselast Saturday afternoon. That's where she went after the hockey match, and Luke failed to mention it. And? And they could've gone tothe park and taken Sammy. They're downstairs. We hung out together, that's all. We just stayed at his house. You ever go out at all? No. The boy is out of control. You don't know anything about him. Please, Mrs. Wray. Can we just hear what Sarah's got to say? Luke's mom died, and hisdad won't even say her name. It's like she never existed. He gets down, and so he getsangry, and he gets into fights. That's all. How far does he go? Has he ever really hurt anyone? No. It's just a scrap. Usually someone who's getting at him. Mostly he just talks about killing himself, because his life isn't worth living. I know only too well how great a loss can be. Please, be quiet. No. No, it's not the same. Dad left you, but he left me too. You just made it harder. He wanted to see me, but you made it impossible. Has anyone ever asked you what you wanted? I missed him so much. He'd gone and then you took pills. What if I hadn't found you in time? Did you ever even think of that? What it was like for me? I'm so sick of it. I just want it all to stop. Why didn't you tell us thatSarah had come to your house that afternoon? You just asked me where I was. Luke, can you help us? Do you know anything about themurder or Sammy's abduction? No. How can you think that? We won't get any surpriseswhen our DNA tests come back. No. Look, is Sarah all right? Yes, she's fine. Thanks very much for your help. Could you just wait outsidefor a moment, please? Hold on, please. These problems that Luke'sbeen having, they started after your wife's death? He took it hard. You tried talking to him? Get any help? There's no point in dwelling on it. So you did nothing? Are you aware of the fact that Luke's been struggling with depression? He;s had suicidal thoughts. Oh, God. I got it all wrong, didn't I? I'm a Detective Chief Inspector, not a bloody family therapist. You drag them in there, forcing me away from two critical investigations. You latched onto the wholeteenaged killer theory because it was easier than dealing with your personal stuff. Now, we've all done it, but it cocks things up here and at home. It's all off. Why doesn't that surprise me? Happy? She was a bit of a slapper. And you're a prat. I want to review your original statements, see how objective they are. [very high pitch talking] Ken Stafford's second statement. Saturday, back from the night shift, just got off to sleep whenthe builders start up. Luke said his dad complained about it. Initial door to doortestimony from Ken Stafford. Don't see them for days, then they turn up at the crack of dawn. Lazy builders? On the job before daylight? It's the builders we should be talking to. It's the bloody builders. Breeley's car broke downon a Friday afternoon, AA were called out, MandyBreeley was driving. Yeah, he was fixing that carwhen we first went round there. If it was Breeley, andthat car was out of action, he'd have had to use hiswork van to take the body to the drainage tunnel. From? Right. If Breeley or McAvoy did kill the child, could they have gone on to snatch Sammy, hidden him somewhere too? Breeley's wife said he was withher all Saturday afternoon. Yeah, there's no oneto alibi McAvoy for that. No one? No, home in front of the telly, a few beers. Lives alone? No family? What? That makes it any more likely? Just no one to keep tabs on him. Has its advantages. Breeley's been off sick. Which sites has McAvoy been working at? Find out. We need to search them. Let's get cracking on this. Richard. Is this about last night? The glacial tone, the moodystare, did I pop your balloon? No, you were [inaudible]to Millie last night. You could barely say her name. Millie? Patronizing her, sticking your nose in. Or maybe you can't remember that. It was just before you madea right prat of yourself with your "X Factor" routine. OK, so will you callhim and then let me know? Thanks, Jeff. Yeah, no probs. Speak to you later. Bye. We've had a break. Stafford's statement puts oneof the buildings at the scene early that Saturday morning. Who? It is too early toeliminate either of them yet. Anything else? Yeah. Yeah, you could issue a statement saying new information has givenus some positive new leads, and that I'm very hopeful. That true? Nope. I feel like I'm smashing my headagainst a brick wall actually, but that doesn't scan so well. Well, I could dig around a bit. Do an archive search. Yeah, thanks. The Wray's are still set onattending the reconstruction. They want to feel involved. [phone ringing] I'll see you there. Millie Saunders. We have a witness whoplaces you at Kendell Avenue much earlier. That can't be me. I didn't get there till 9:00. You the first? Yeah. When did Breeley show? Just after. Do you think he had something to do with it? You're the one in the interview room. That's rubbish, that is. I was the one who reported it. On the flood anyway. Now why would I do that? You tell me. You're a true crime fan, am I right? Yeah. You'll know then, there are some people who attract particularattention in a murder inquiry. Family, close friends. Also, the last person to see the victim alive, the one who discovers the body. Anyone showing an excessiveamount of interest in the case, and a person who returnsto the scene of the crime. Three out of four. Ma'am? We've got a good turn out. But what if this doesn't work? I mean, how much longer-- We're doing everything we can. I promise. The glasses' screw. We thought it was Sammy's,but turn it on its head. What if it's the killer's? McAvoy wears glasses. We've still got his. Richard, when we spoke toJoe Breeley at his house, there were photos on the wall. Was he wearing glasses in some of them? I think he was. Can you remember? You've not got your glasses, Mr. Breeley. He lost them. When was that then? I don't know, I can't remember. Well, you didn't have them the first time we came around, so before then? We found optical glass onthe pavement at Kendell Avenue, and a glasses screw inside thesheet the child was wrapped in. Now, if you've lost yourglasses, were they broken? Maybe they're in the van. It's just outside, can I have a look? No, no, mate. You don't need to do that. What? It won't take a minute. Clear this up. They're not in there. What's wrong? Leave it. Leave it. - What's wrong? - Just leave the van. Come here. Breeley, just relax. Joseph Breeley, I'm arrestingyou under suspicion of murder. Mandy! You don't have to say anything. Mandy! You may have [inaudible]. Mandy! Something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence. Just relax. The screw most have worked loose and dropped into the sheet. Later, as you were moving the body, your lens fell out and broke. They're not mine. Come on, Joe, we canidentify the prescription from the fragments. They'll match. There's plenty more where that came from. We got your clothes, we got your DNA. You probably find traces of me everywhere. I worked there. Right, you went to work early in the van. You put the little boy in the drainage tunnel, left, and then came back at 9:00. What happened, Joe? Who's the little boy? Janine, look at this. Joe Breeley had a little brother, Gary. Joe was looking after himwhen the toddler died. He fell down some steps, fractured his skull. They ruled accidental death,though they were remiss. Did he fall or was he pushed? Exactly. Joe was 10 at the time. What happened this time, another accident? Someone out there is worriedsick because their little boy is missing. You're a father, imagine that. What that little boy needs a name, but we need to find out what happened to him. He's in our mortuary. That's no place for him. He needs your help. Who is he, Joe? - He's my son. My son. My little boy. And he's dead. Is he losing it or what? Has he got another kid? Well, there's the baby and John. I've just put John down for his nap. Oh my God. Mandy went out Fridayafternoon, car broke down, you were left alone with the boys. It were an accident. I just wanted him to stop messing about. He was having a tantrum, kicking out, chucking his food all over the place, screaming his little head off. I pick him up-- You Shook him? Put him down [inaudible],,he goes backwards hard against the wall. Then he's quiet. She wouldn't let him go. She stayed with him all night. But I had to-- So then, you went out and took Sammy. Mandy. Interview suspended. Richard, Mandy Breeley's gone. She's taken the kids with her. How long? About 10 minutes,according to the neighbors. can you talk to Joe Breeley,see if he knows where she is, where she might be headed? And can you stick Lisa on? Hello? Circulate details? Yeah. Lisa, map out aradius, possible distance traveled, time projections. She's got about 10 minutes. OK. Joe, Mandy's gone missing. What? What about Connor? She's taken him and Sammy. We're very concerned for their safety. Where would she go. You'll take Connor off her, you'll charge her. I can't do that to them. Look, what if something happens? What if something goes wrong? No. If you help us, Joe, itwill be taken into account. I don't care about that. Christ, you think that matters? We need to speak to her friends. Perhaps she's left the kids with someone, asked somebody for help. Joe. They're on my phone. Have someone inform the Wray's now. Speak to the bank, get them toget in touch with us the minute she starts using her credit cards. What about her mobile phone? Well, I've contacted the mobile network and their going to logany calls that she's made. - Did you call in [inaudible]. - No. 30 minutes, Boss, She's Somewhere in this area. Most likely on the motorway. Cameras should pick her up. Butchers, get onto that. Shap, we need a negotiator. Get onto the National Crime faculty, see if we can have apsychologist standing by, advise us on how to play it. - Right, Boss. - Are customs on board? - Yes, Boss. Social Services? Will do. We could go public. Breaking news. I could get us a be on the lookout for. That'd freak her. No, go for it. Newsroom, please? Yeah, Millie Saunders, GMP. Boss, [inaudible]? Boss, she's on the phone. She's using the phone now. Who she calling? Mandy? MANDY: Joe, I wanted to say goodbye. I had to go. I'm sorry. No. I'm sorry. It's my fault. It's all myfault. Just come home, yeah? Come back, please, babes? MANDY: I love you, Joe. Remember that. I love you. We can work something out. Just come home. We can sort this out. MANDY: It's too late. I'm sorry. Mandy, no, don't. Mandy? Mandy? Cameras have got her, Boss. Where? M62 West, just past Warrington. She's heading for Liverpool. Mandy's traveling towards Liverpool. We believe she might be headingfor the airport or the port. Where she Going Have you got family abroad? Place that's special? What's going to happen to Connor? I don't know, but let's just try and get him back safely, yeah? She'd never hurt him. She's grieving, she's lost achild and taken a replacement. She knows we've arrested you. When things look bad, it can sometimes feel like there's only one way out. Are you prepared to take that risk with Sammy? With Connor? Island. We used to go and she her cousins in Waxford. We used to talk about moving there. How'd you usually get thee? On the ferry. We should be with you in about 30. Mandy Breeley could be volatile. She's grief stricken and shemay be feeling desperate. Let her board, but try notto do anything to spook her. Can you ask your guys not to approach her? Hold off sailing. Yep. Here. Stop there. Hiya, DCI Lewis. We've done a discreet search. She's on deck 5. Thanks. Coast Guard is standing by. No negotiator as yet. Social workers are on the way. I've met her before, she might talk to me. Mandy, are you all right? Go away. It's all right. It's over Mandy. It's over. You need to come with us. We know about John. He's fine. Aren't you love? We're both fine, just leave us alone. That's not John. That's Sammy, and he's sad and he's frightened and he misses his mom. I don't know what you're going on about. That's Sammy, isn't it? Mandy, Joe told us what he did. It did dredge it all up again. What's the chance of it happening twice? You'd never believe me. I told the truth oncebefore and it fell apart. His brother, now his son. No. It's not like that. Tell me. I wanted to get an ambulance, to get help, but he wasn't moving. I went to see what Gary was up to. The cellar door was open. Our Gary had never opened it before. The light was broke. It was really dark. I got my torch. Our Gary wasn't scared of the dark. I didn't want to go down there. He just snapped. He's not a bad man. He has a temper but he's not a bad man. I was late back. Joe said we'd lose it all. With his brother, it was different. It was an accident, andthey still put him in care. His mom left him. My mom's eyes and herface, she never spoke to me. I was 10 years old. Blame and hate, that's what the truth got me, and it never brought our Gary back. Imagine you could bring John back, you can do that for Sammy's mom and dad because you know what it's like. Come on. I loved my son. I loved him. Please, come on. Come on, Sammy. Come on. That's it, sweetheart. That's it. That's it. Hello, Sammy. Come on, Mandy, come on. He'll need a bottle in an hour or so. There's a change of clothesin his bag, and his Teddy. He likes squash and apricots. I love you. Come on. Come on, Mandy. Come on, Sweetheart. Here you go, baby. That's it, sweetie. There we are. That's my boy. They think they'll prosecute her? It's hard to tell. I'm not pushing for it. She'd be better off raising that baby. And Breeley? He caused John's death, covered it up, put his son's body in a drainage tunnel. If he'd come clean, it mighthave been different, but-- Hey, you. Hi. You give us five minutes? Yeah. Congratulations. Great copy. Thanks. See you down there? Richard, last night I was out of order. Everything-- no excuse. No. Not for murdering a classic like that. Still not convinced. What's that? That she's your type. Don't be daft. I don't have a type. What is my type? You'll be late. [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 