Blue Murder: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Blue Murder 
 s3e1 - Steady Eddie - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Blue Murder (2003–2009): Season 3, Episode 1 - Steady Eddie - full transcript 
 DCI Turner and her team have multiple, but inter-related , murders to investigate. It all starts when three men who have just robbed a jewelry store of a recent delivery of valuable watches. While making their escape in a stolen car, they strike a pedestrian crossing the street, 14 year old. Two of the thieves make their escape on foot but the driver, Tony, is taken into custody. When Tony is being transferred to jail, both he and the police constable escorting him, Eddie Carter, are shot by someone who rode by on a motorcycle. The police try to find out who masterminded the theft, assuming Tony was killed to keep him quiet. The only problem is that it isn't Tony who was the target. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I love you, babe. I love you. You look great. Mm. [chuckles] I've got a surprise for you. Oh, no, don't. Sh. What is it? Wait. Wait. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Good news or bad news? Good? OK. Open your eyes now. Oh, my god. It's fantastic. Did you nick it? No I didn't. Do you mind? What's the bad news? Only one helmet. No. Aw. Darling, I can't. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But I'll see you tomorrow, yeah? Go straight-- Straight home. I know. [laughter] [bus approaching] I'll call you. I promise. [motorcycle engine starting] [car horn] [alarm bell] Go! Go! Go! [interposing voices] HAYLEY [ON PHONE]: Say you love me. [laughter] Say it. TONY [ON PHONE]: All right then.I love you. I love you. [inaudible] [car approaching] Watch it. [grunts and groans] [car alarm] Get the case? Just leave her, man. Leave her. [moans and gasps] [laughter and voices from phone] MEDIC: Name, Hayley Scott. Age, 14. NURSE: OK, what's happened? MEDIC: RTA, hit by a car,found by the side of the road. Blood pressure falling. NURSE: [inaudible] that one there. MEDIC: Vital signs virtually nonexistent. NURSE: OK. Hayley, can you hear me? Hayley? JANINE: DCI Lewis. I need to see the driver. DOCTOR: Hayley? Can you hear me, Hayley? Looks like her pulse is down. Can you hear me, Hayley? Fancy a chat? Better give him a minute. Gave his name as David Beckham earlier. Eddie Carter, no. Janine Lewis, bloody hell. Good thing they bring outthe big guns for this. Oh, flattery will get you everywhere. Last time I saw you, you were in uniform. Still in yours, I see. I know my place, eh? First on the scene? Yeah. I'll need to take some details from you later. Gave the girl mouth to mouth there. She's in a bad way. I'm just hoping that Imanaged to keep things going till the ambulance got there. CAROLYN: No! No! No! [wailing] OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. It's OK. It's OK. It's OK. [wailing] NEWSCASTER [ON TELEVISION]: Police believe 14-year-old Haley Scott was struck by a car fleeing a robbery. She was brought here to Saint Aden's Hospital along with the car driver, but she died shortly afterwards. Police are looking for anyonewho might have witnessed the incident to come forward. Local shopkeepers are beingquestioned to find out whether security cameras operating in the area may have any additional information. [laughter] Come on, then. Impress me. One of them has got a club foot. One of them has got an injured leg, boss. Yes, thank you. Probably limping quite badly. They're going to need painkillers, bandages. I'll called doctors'surgeries and outpatients. I'm treating this as a hit and run. Hit and limp. Eh, the car that hit Hayleywas the same one that was used in the robbery-- stolen-- went into a bus line. Banzai-- caught on camera. Good one. Let's see that. We got [inaudible] on the getaway driver? Yeah. Eddie Carter. - Eddie Carter? - Yeah. - EC? - Yeah. Is he still working? I thought he'd been well retired by now. No. Apparently so worried about thestandard of younger officers, he decided to stay on. Butchers, can you check out the jewelers? See what was taken? Yeah. Richard, what we got on the getaway car driver? Tony Drake, lowlife, bitof twerkin' but strictly small time. Passed his driving test last week. Failed it five times before then. - High-tech operation, then.- Oh, yeah. OK. Let's copy these. Leave forensics to get full work-up on the car. Uh, big chunk of the budget, boss. It's just an accident. A 14-year-old girl died last night. They left her bleeding inthe road and did a runner. It's not an accident. You're 12 hours too bloody late. [inaudible] two weeks ago. Said I'm getting a shipmentof watches from Geneva. Could you keep an eye out? It's not actually in the police mandate, sir. You'd be better off findingsome security guards. Oh. Anyway, can I have alook at your CCTV footage and any paperwork relating to the stolen items? In the old days, there'd have been a bobby walking by, lookingin, making his presence felt. Maybe it'd be better ifI, uh, spoke to your son? You are speaking to him. My old man is long dead. You should learn to think out of the box, young man-- might help with thatpromotion [inaudible] after. I don't need a lawyer. JANINE: Girl you hit died last night. Yeah, well, that's what happened when you stagger into theroad yakking on your mobile. Her injuries prove you werebreaking the speed limit. Yeah, right. I suppose that's a prerequisite for a getaway driver. Getaway? What are you on? JANINE: And you are? Bianca, his fiancee. He was going home from my flat. Live in a jewelers, do you? BIANCA: [inaudible] actually. I had a scare. Thought I was going into labor. Tony came over. JANINE: All right. Getaway driver cum midwife. Tell us how you two met, sir. Don't know what you're talking about. JANINE: They got away with over200 grams worth of watches. By my reckoning, they're on for plastic surgery and new passports by now. While you sit in a cellwith that same ugly face. We'll get the DNA from the car. You'll be on record somewhere. Do yourself a favor, lad. [inaudible] JANINE: Look at Bianca. What? Is she eight months gone? Within a year, your kid will becelebrating its first birthday. Two, it'll probably have a new dad. Three, a half-brother. Four, you won't even be in the photo album. Don't listen to them. Tony, I'll stick by ya, forever. I do need a lawyer. Mrs. Scott! You can't stop me. Don't Mrs.-- I have every right to be in there. I want to see the person who did this. [interposing voices] [crying] Eddie! You're all right. All right. [siren] I don't understand why I can't. It's not fair. I want to come with ya. Sorry, love, you can't, not today. You take care of that baby, yeah? I want to stay for a bit. You sure? I want to go with Hayley to the, uh-- I don't want her to be on her own. At least I passed my test. [sigh] [cell phone ringing] ELEANOR [ON PHONE]: Mom? Hello, darling. It's Ellie. ELEANOR [ON PHONE]: Mom, can I go to Sara's? Sara? Which Sara? [motorcycle engine revving] [gunshots] ELEANOR [ON PHONE]: Mom? Mom! [motorcycle leaving fast] Mom? Mom! Roll down a window. Medic! Get a medic over here! [scream] RICHARD: Come on! Move! Now! [interposing voices] RICHARD: We need urgentassistance outside the entrance of Saint Aden's Hospital. There's been a shooting. I've got no pulse. RICHARD: The offender is on a motorbike, and he's armed-- repeat, he's armed. JANINE: This morning we wereinvestigating a hit and run. As of now, we're looking at a double murder. EC-- Eddie Carter. I don't think I need to say any more. So I don't want any moaning and groaning. Tell your partners not to wait up. Richard, you were on the scene. CCTV, forensics, make of bike-- go on, everything. Was the shooter a male or female? It can be hard to tellunder all those leathers. Yeah. SHAP: What sort of clubs do you go to? [chuckles] It's, um, it's a good question, Butchers. I don't think we should makeany assumptions on this. It's, uh, it's obviouslynot your average domestic gone wrong. It's premeditated. It took nerve and know-how. Shap, delve into Hayley's life, yeah? Friends, family-- is this a revenge killing? [inaudible] Butchers, look into the raid. Go through Tony's fiancee, get names. Shouldn't be too hard. She's got big enough mouth. OK. Don't come back till you've got something. Anyone wants me, I'm on my mobile. So what's she going to do? She'll probably have to go see the family. LOUISE: If this one is alittle too close to home-- No, no, it's fine. [inaudible] It's OK. - OK? Good. In the meantime, I've arranged some counseling for you and Richard. So give them a call. JANINE: Hey, are you OK? Are you on duty? Put it out. - Janine. Dan. I came around as soon as I heard. Are you all right? This is Ewan, Eddie's son. Oh, god. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't realize. I'm sorry about your father. It's not your fault. I mean, he shouldn't have been in that car. Who puts a beat-- Me. I asked Eddie to go with him. Look, Laura's inside. JANINE: I knew Eddie a long time ago. He was very good to me when I was starting out. Sounds like Eddie. Need sugar? JANINE: No, thank you. That's fine. He only had a year to go. Yeah. Yeah, I know. I spoke to him yesterday. Yes. He said he'd seen you. I think he was quite proudthat you'd done so well. He kept saying how good you are at your job. It was the proudest I've ever seen him. He was so happy. [crying] DAN: Hey, hey, hey, come on. Sh. It's all right, love. Sh. Dan, Eddie was a goodmate of yours, wasn't he? Ay. Probationers together. He decided he didn't wantto climb the greasy pole. He loved the beat. He loved the uniform. Just a good honest cop. 31 years, and then gone. [chatter] Both cameras blocked. So we've got nothing on the CCTV? All right. See you tomorrow. [motorcycle engine] CHILD: Was that your car? It was on the news. Ellie said she heard the shots. [footsteps] - Sweet - Mom. What? OK. I didn't know what happened. You could have been killed. No, no. I was miles away. You weren't. I know you weren't. - Don't cry, Ellie. Please don't cry. - I can't help it. I don't want you to go into work anymore. What if he had shot you? What if you was the one who was-- Oh, I'm still here. Aren't I, eh? Hm? I'm still here, still here. [music playing from device] [gunshot] [motorcycle engine] [cell phone vibrating] [gunshots] [motorcycle engine] - Robbers-- - What? Robbers-- how did the robbersknow about the hidden cameras? [laughter] Robbers. Yeah. What did you think I said? [sigh] Better go. Hm? Mm. [sigh] See ya. SHAP: CCTV, as in completely crap. Dead girl's effects. You all right? Yeah. Forensics revealed bullets firedfrom a Browning 9 millimeter. We've run the markingsthrough the computer-- zilch. Not been used before. You all right? Yeah. CORONER: Preliminary examinationreveals that Tony was shot in the neck straight throughthe windpipe, effectively drowning in his own blood. Eddie was hit in the head here,uh, point blank, left ear, died instantly. OK. Um, can you tell who was shot first? Well, not yet. The position of the bodiessuggest it was Tony. Tony? The gunman took out Eddie second? Why? He killed a policeman, deliberately, just because he could. I'll have the detailed results on these two with you in the next day or so. But, uh, there is one other thing. That's the PM report on Hayley, uh, Scott. She was 10 weeks pregnant. CAROLYN: 10 weeks? You'd think you'd know. I mean, as a mother, you'dthink you'd know something like that was happening. Does Hayley have a boyfriend? Friends, but not-- no one, no. JANINE: So you don't knowwho the father might be. She was 14. Maybe you don't have children. I do. I've got four. I've got a girl just a bit younger than Hayley, so I understand. I do. Carolyn, I've-- I've got some photographs taken from Hayley's mobile. There's pictures of, um,her friends and, uh, you. There's also one of this man. Do you know who it might be? Yes. His-- his name's Johnny, Johnny Wyre. How would Hayley know him? He's my ex-boyfriend. Sebastian John Wyre. Sebastian? Yeah, known as Johnny for obvious reasons. Age 28. And going out with a 14-year-old. We don't know that. BUTCHERS: Look, Mr. Wyre boughta brand new black Kawasaki motorbike in Stockport four days ago, although he's not been seen at work since the night Hayley died-- AWOL, and not for the first time. He's ex-army, absentwithout leave, Royal Queen's Regiment 1994 to '99, weapons specialist, particularly sidearms. And it all ended with a dishonorable discharge after being deemed inherently unsuitable for the army, which the military police tell me is shorthand for violent. Angry, and handy with a gun. He's favorite for me. Last known address? I love you, Butchers. Let's go. [interposing voices] Get down on the floor! Look away from me! Look away! I wondered when you lot would turn up. Doing a spot of decorating? Tried to tidy the place up. Make it look nice for Hayley. I didn't like her coming here the way it was. Very considerate. New-age man, are ya? I loved her. RICHARD: Yeah, we've seen the evidence. She was 14, Johnny. You had sex with a 14-year-old. [inaudible] JANINE: OK, can you [inaudible] neighbors? All right. You are going to do me for the sex thing? That's the least of your worries. I loved her. Yeah, so he keep saying. Loved her enough to shoot a bloke who killed her and a baby. The thing is, you also killed a copper. And I was just happenedto be there, both of which make me very angry. Richard. What baby? Yeah, like you didn'tknow Hayley was pregnant. What baby? JANINE: She didn't tell you? Haley was pregnant, 10 weeks. Oh, give me a break. JANINE: Out. out. [crying] He's faking it. I don't think so. And even if he is, you're out of order. OK. Let's do it right. Arrest him and bring him in. When I'm ready. As it is, he's pissed andtalking to us, free of charge. All you're doing is winding him up. Oh, well, excuse me for beingso insensitive to the feelings of a cop-killing [inaudible]. What's that? [wimpering] Ah, gee. Get back. [screams] Get back, Janine! The body was on top of thebed, what was left of it. Looks like he poured paintstripper all around it. Deliberately? Well, he wouldn't do it by accident. Maybe it were guilt. He knew he was caught. He just took the easy way out. Oh, is that why you tried to save him? To prove he was guilty? He had no alibi. Look, he didn't act as if he needed one. He wasn't guilty. He wasn't afraid. He didn't know about the baby. He'd just lost Hayley, and now he finds out he's lost his child. Doesn't rule him out. Oh, god, I know it doesn't rule him out. I know that, but-- but I just-- I can't see it. All right. So we don't rule him out, butwe don't close the case, either. We've still got lines to pursue. We still look to other people who might have wanted Tony Drake dead, such as his mates in the car. Did you get in touchwith-- what was her name-- Bianca. She'd just gone into labor, boss. Won't get any sense out of her for a while. See the thieves knewthere was a hidden camera. They knew exactly what they were looking for. Yeah, but, how did theyknow when the watches came in. I mean, Rogers mouthed off about poor policing, but he wouldn't have givenanyone the actual date, would he? - All right. Go back. Trace it from when thewatches came into the country. Someone somewhere will have seen something. Just start at the airport. Get us some duty-free, why don't you? For god's sake, get on with it. We need to find these thieves. Get on with it. One moment. [inaudible] there is noway I could have anticipated he was going to kill himself. I spoke to Jo Waverly earlier. Who? The psychologist you and Richard were each supposed to go and see. Yeah, well, we have been a bit busy. Yes, well, you have evenmore reason to go now. Repressed emotional reactions can lead to lastingpsychological instability. Go. [interposing voices] - Just go. - I'm going. I'm going. Boss? JANINE: Yeah? Something has turned up. [chatter] What sort of bike is that? It's not it. JO: Scared, then angry, then what? Nothing. Just still angry. JO: With the gunman? What do you think? JO: Well, I-- I don't know. I think possibly you'reangry at having to be here. And afraid. I'm not afraid. I don't mean of me. I mean of this. No. Honestly? [inaudible] No, not really, not yet. The canal bike was burnedout with false plates. Forensics might be able to give us something, but it's probably stolen. So Johnny steals the bike, does the shoot, and burns it, and tries to drown it. Well, he was fond of setting fire to things. Torching a motorbike and self-immolation is not a pattern of behavior. See, I think this looks even less like Johnny and more like a professional job. A hit man? JANINE: [inaudible] Self-immolation? It's a sex thing. Mrs. Carter wanted tosee how the investigation was progressing. So I thought it might be helpful for her to see what was going on. Well, as you can see,everybody is out on the case. We think we might have recovered the bike that was used. EWAN: I heard you had a suspectbut that he killed himself. Yeah. Yeah, but I don't actuallythink he was involved. Mom wanted to ask you something. Yes, it's about the funeral. Um, the force wanted to go public with it. I agreed. I think Eddie deserves at least that much. Absolutely. We'd like you to do the eulogy. Me? Wouldn't Dan Fulford-- wouldn'the be more appropriate? I mean, he's known Eddie all these years. Dan can't do it. It's difficult. He's worriedhe might break down in public. Is that such a bad thing? What about you, Ewan? I think-- I think Dad would want someone to talk about him as a copper. It's just after whatEddie kept saying about you, what a great detective you were. Yeah, I don't remember himever saying anything like that about another officer. I'd be honored. JO: Shooting is shocking and random. No, this wasn't random. We believe-- JO: I mean, for you. It's a physical assault, even when you're not the actual victim. Trauma is the Greek for wound. Mm. JO: You see someone shot,killed, it's a horrific wound. Though you can talk and talk and talk, but the only questionyou're really interested in is, what if it had been me? [sigh] And what's the answer? Who'd care? Oh, I don't know. I don't even know if there is anybody. If it had been me, I know know who'd care. [knocking] Boss, do you want to hear about some watches? And not only did the watches notarrive when you said they did, customs and excise have no record of them. Well, my memory is not what it was. Maybe they arrived last week. Maybe you've done this before. I'd say, what, once every three years? With just enough in between so the premiums don't become prohibitive?It's OK. So you scam your insurers oversome watches that don't exist. I don't care about that. Now what I want from you is the thieves' names. See, thieves know the exactlocation of hidden cameras, don't steal empty cases. ROGERS: If ever I werecunning an unethical enough to devise such a frighteningoperation as the one that you envisage, it would be madness to do it the same night the merchandise arrived. No, I would employsomething like a carjacking when I took the watches tomy Polish shop in Liverpool in two weeks time. Except, there are no watches. Allegedly. Only I don't think the two people you're looking for knew that. JANINE: If they did get away with empty cases, they're not going to be too happy. Oh, you're forgetting thatI had nothing to do with it. So how did they find out? How should I know? You're the policeman-- woman. [knocking] Yeah? Sorry, boss. You'd better come. SHAP: Get up. [finger snap] They just walked in? Well, he sort of limped. We're scared. They want police protection. BUTCHERS: Come on, you two. JANINE: How did you know about the CCTV camera? We just heard about it. JANINE: What? Voice of god? The same person who tippedyou off about the watches? [inaudible] OK, then. Tell us about your driver, Tony. He's just someone we bumped into. And then had bumped off. No way. Makes sense. He knew who you were. Had a pregnant girlfriend. Wiling to talk, was he? I don't know any hit man. Oh, it was a he then? I'm not going to say hit woman, am I? Look, we didn't have anyone shot. We couldn't afford it. We owe 10 grand as it is. JANINE: 10 grad for insideinformation on this job? Someone must have given it to you. I'm saying nothing. Oh, come on. Who bankrolled you? What's his name? You're mad. Why do you think we're here? He shot Tony, didn't he? Why would he shoot Tony? Because it's not in the cases. He thinks we've ripped him off. What the bloody hell are you talking about? The only way your friend could have known the cases wereempty before Tony was shot was if you told him. Did ya? Hm? No. And I wouldn't if I were you. You don't lend someone 10 grandand start knocking him off. You get it back. Who else wants Tony dead? It's got to be somethingto do with the robbery. He's a nobody otherwise. Why did the thieves take those two cases? Because that's where Rogers sent them, for his insurance scam. But whoever set this up couldn't have known there was no delivery, that the cases were empty. So who else knew when the watches were supposed to be delivered. Rogers. He did tell someone. BUTCHERS: Us. A fortnight before the robbery,he phoned his local [inaudible] in [inaudible]. [inaudible] that's whereEddie Carter used to work, and Dan Fulford. And I suggest we ask him who took that call. Oh, he's not going to be too happy about what. No. That's why I'm sending you. Yeah? Yeah? Thought you might come by. Talk to people who knew Eddie for the eulogy. Laura told me you said yes. Thanks, love. Actually Dan, that's not why I'm here. Looks like a recipe for hormone health. Yeah, maybe boys would have been easier. This is all the stuff from Eddie's locker. Thanks. Dan, did you find out whotook the call from Rogers? Ewan Carter. The quality is poor. It's the [inaudible] CCTV. The robbery's going on inside. The getaway car's waiting. There, it's a person. I think they're wearing a uniform. I'm getting it enhanced. Hang on. There right in line withthe robbery, just watching. Exactly. If it was Ewan Carter, why would he kill Tony? Well, because if Ewanknew about the watches, then he were the one who set up the raid. Yeah, but he's not goingto kill his own man, is he? No no, but he didn't know he was there because when I saw him, hekept saying, why was he there? He shouldn't have been there? Yeah, because if Ewan hired a hitman, I mean, he wouldn't have known Eddie would be there. What sort of hitman kills a cop? You don't chuck one in for free. Hang on. Let's have a look at this. Say this is a-- Chris, get up a second. Say this is the car, right? Darling, get up Butchers, come here. You be Eddie, right? Shap, you be Tony. Sit here. OK, you in the car there. Me and Richard, we're over here. Aren't we, Rich? Over here. And our hitman comes up--excuse me, [inaudible].. Our hitman comes up here,OK, on the pavement. Rrr! Hang on. That's wrong. No, why-- why would he be on this side on the pavement cause-- he's on the wrong side because Tony's there. Well, maybe he were French. Maybe you and Richard were in the way, boss. No, no, but we weren't becauseI was taking my call, wasn't I? Feel free to join in any time.- Sorry, boss. Never mind OK, so he takes aim here. Boom, boom. He blows him away. So how can he do that? How can you take out two peopleso quick, switching targets? He didn't. Read that. It's forensics on EC and Tony. The bullet that killed Tony hadtraces of Eddie's DNA on it. Eddie was shot twice. It wasn't spotted at first because there's only one entry wound. Both bullets went inthrough Eddie's left ear-- JANINE: Oh, god. RICHARD: --followed the same path, and they exited the right here. The first bullet went onto hit Tony in the throat. The second bullet we recovered from the car. Both bullets were aimed at Eddie. Tony was killed by accident. Eddie was the target. [sigh] Eddie Carter, this clearlychanges everything. As with any murder, we focus on the victims nearest and dearest. That includes his son Ewan and his wife Laura We're going after a dead copper's family. EC may have been a cop,but procedure stays the same. Start by getting access to hisson's and wife's bank accounts. Are we OK for that boss? Cop killing, I think the Data Protection Act will stretch to that. Butchers, what's his service record give us? PC Ewan Carter was investigated by Internal Affairs six months ago for an unauthorized car check. No action was taken, but it's on his record. So what? The person that reported it was his dad. BUTCHERS: Did you rowabout the car check or not? EWAN: Yeah. We had words. And then we made up. Will that do ya? Fair enough. I loved my dad. He was a good man. Yeah. I think so, too. I wanted to be him. I tried. I did. I became a copper, and I tried my best. But I couldn't be him, not even close. BUTCHERS: What about your mom? How was it between them? You better go. Look, mate. I'm not Internal Affairs. I don't get off on askingquestions of fellow cops. But somebody out there topped your old man. So they've got to be asked, yeah? Week before he died, the old man laid out seven grand for theCaribbean cruise for them both, set for the day after he'd retired. Now does that answer your question? - Yeah. - Good. Now fuck-- [train passing] DAN: Eddie Carter? Of course he wasn't. Eddie? A target? Look, I know you've got ajob to do, but just listen to someone who knows, eh? Eddie Carter never did anything out of the ordinary in his life. Anyway, where did this idea ofEddie being a target come from? SHAP: Sorry, sir, I can't tell you that. Yeah, well, it's crap. Look, come here. Eddie was old school, you know, [inaudible] man, stuck in a time warm. Why do you think he stayedat [inaudible] all his life? He weren't very good. If you're going to kill a copper, you kill ones who are dangerous-- [inaudible] ones or bloody goodones, but not Eddie Carter. He was useless, always-- useless cop, useless dad, useless husband. Drove his Mrs. up the wall. You don't shoot someone like that. You take pity on them. Now, if you don't mind, I've got to lecture a load of pasty-facedwannabes what a great family life it is in [inaudible]. Thank you, sir. That was Shap. Just spoke to Ewan's boss. Dan? Fulford? Yeah, that's right. I was just wondering. Was Eddie difficult to live with sometimes? Well, what sort of question is that? Well, not all marriage is happy all the time. Partners can get on each other's nerves. No. Sugar? RICHARD: Yeah, one please. It's just Dan Fulford said thatEddie drove you up the wall. Oh, I don't know where that came from. It's rotten. I never said that. Why would Dan Fulford say that, Laura? Were you and Eddie goodfriends with Dan and his wife? LAURA: Well, at one time we were. We-- we sort of lost touch. Why didn't Dan want to do the eulogy? He'd known for so many years. How long, Laura? The affair with Dan? About a year. Did Eddie know? Ewan? No. No, please don't tell him. How'd he take it, Eddie? What'd he say? Next to nothing. He hardly even raised his voice. Can you imagine what that's like? Someone you love knows you're cheating on them, and they can't even raise their voice. So you did love him then? It was me that got angry. I told him if he loved me, if he-- if he really loved me, he would have done something to prove it by now. But I didn't want Eddie dead. I never wanted that. [doorbell] Hi ya. Hi ya. No Tina? At her dad's. It's his birthday. - What? 40 already? [inaudible] not unless you pack your job in. No. I mean it. Could I have a bit of that? You always say that you're careful, that you make sure you're safe. He probably said that to his children, told them not to worry. I can't not do what I do, Ellie. Of course you can. People change jobs all the time. Why can't you? Look, what if a really goodfriend of yours was killed? And you knew that it wasme who'd been put in charge of finding out who'd done it? How would you feel? Honestly? Well, why don't you go part time [inaudible]?? Part time? So I can spend more time at home? Yeah, well, I would like tospend more time making sure you do your homework, practicing your flute, stopping you getting stuckin front of the telly, internet on the phone? That's a good idea. I might go part time, yeah. I only meant for a fewhours, not like all week. Oh, right. I'll ask. Maybe I should have tried that with you. I never resented your jobor wanted you to go part time. [cell phone ringing] No. [inaudible] DCI Lewis. Boss? It's Butchers. I've got those enhanced photographs back from forensics. Yeah, you know, the buss CCTV footage. It is a person in uniform. Ewan Carter? No, it's Eddie, Eddie Carter. Get everyone back in, 20 minutes. I can't believe you! BUTCHERS: 14 exotic locations in21 luxurious days, $6,899 quid. [inaudible] bank account. His mom's had 300 quid tops over the last year. [inaudible] 10 grand, that's for sure. OK, let's say that Eddie knowsabout the watches from Ewan. He gets 10 grand for setting up the robbery. He tells them where the watches. He lets them know wherethe hidden CCTV camera is. And then he just looks onto make sure it all goes OK. Yeah, except it doesn't. JANINE: Well, only afterwards. I mean, why kill him? Wyre. JANINE: No, he's a police officer. He's going to be more afraid than anyone. There's no need. It's absolutely pointless. RICHARD: All right. What about Ewan? Mm. He didn't even know hisdad was going to be there. [inaudible] about it. Anyway, what about the money? SHAP: Eddie's old woman, yeah? Her and Dan Fulford-- if Eddie found out-- RICHARD: Which he did. SHAP: Well, maybe he threatenedFulford who's now scared it's all going to come out. I mean, shagging a fellow copper's wife-- JANINE: What? So he kills him? No. Anyway, it's usually the person who's been cheated on who goes mental. What about just her then?Laura Carter? With Eddie out of the way, herand Fulford can be together. Right. So she's popped down to the shops and gets herself a hit man, yeah? Look, Laura Carter wouldn'thave put laxatives in his tea. We're looking at the wrong bank account. Let's take a long, hard look at the people Eddie was mixing with. Christ, what am I going to say at this eulogy? [sigh] [inaudible] Hi, boss. Watches. Yeah, I've just been to see the bank manager. Good man. Eddie opened a bank accountwith 10,000 pounds in cash just over two weeks ago. DAN: Will it all come out, then? What he did? I mean, Eddie's part in everything. You mean yours? Janine, can we please just keep this civil? He knew about you and Laura. You know that, don't you? Yeah, he came to see me. He said I wasn't going to haveher and he'd win her back. I wonder how he felt,come into work here everyday seeing you. We didn't plan any of this, you know. Look, people have affairs. It happens. So don't come in here trying tomake me out to be the bad guy. I want to see him! Get out here! [interposing voices] Fulford! Fulford! Fulford! Fulford! You bastard. - Now steady. I know you're upset. [interposing voices] I'm talking to you as your senior officer. Calm down! You had an affair with my mother! Did you tell him this? My mom told me. The wife of your friend? The guy who's supposed to respect you as a senior officer? And you expect me to take orders from ya? You give me one good reason why anyone should respect you ever again. EDDIE [ON VOICEMAIL]: It's me. Just wanted to say hello,but, uh, if you get a chance, call me back. That's all. I love ya. It's my dad. I know. Why did he do it? The stupid bastard. How did he get himself killed? [sigh] EWAN [VOICEOVER]: How didhe get himself killed? [motorcycle passing] God. EWAN [VOICEOVER]: How didhe get himself killed? RICHARD [ON PHONE]: Hi, boss. Richard, do we have Eddie's mobile phone? Eddie's mobile, numbers checksubsequent to the girl's death. Subsequent to?You've been reading books again? He only made four calls-- oneto his wife, one to his son, and this one twice. Traced it? Line's dead. Eddie had a plan. Set up a robbery, pocket 10grand, save his marriage. SHAP: Except Hayley dies. And you turn up at the hospital to investigate. SHAP: And it all unravels. JANINE: Yeah, exactly. What a great detective I am. How very modest [inaudible]. No, that's what Eddie had said to Laura. What a great detective. She said it when she came into the office. JANINE: Eddie knew that if hispart in the robbery came out, he'd lose everything-- his wife, his job, his pension, his reputation. It wasn't who was to gain. It's who was going to lose. You actually believe Eddietook out a contract on himself? To salvage [inaudible], yeah. How are you going to prove it? Well, I think he can provehis part in the robbery, but not the shooting, not yet anyway. Going through Eddie's servicerecord, logging every arrest he ever made, looking for a connection, someone who could haveknown someone who set it up. By the time you make that connection, any gun man is going to be long gone. [cell phone ringing] Maybe. But I'll never stop looking. Excuse me. JO: Four children? Jo Waverly. Two boys, two girls? Yeah. Um, 18, 13, 9, 18 months. They're quite spaced out. Yeah, must have been. I'm sorry. I have been meaning to get in touch with you, but I've been a bit busy. With the case? Yeah, yeah. And at home. And trying to write a eulogy fora copper who's set up a robbery and arranged his own death. Good. Gives us plenty to work with then. [organ music] When Laura asked me to make this speech, I wasn't sure I was the bestperson to do justice to Eddie Carter, or EC, as we knew him. Then around about the sametime, my daughter asked me why I didn't get a different job. And it wasn't a question I could answer. The truth is, as police officers, we don't always get it right. We don't always manage to put away the people who most deserve to go down. But in spite of that, I believe most police men and women do their best. We keep going because it's what we would want other people to do for us, to protect us from the worst-- not just the worst inother people, but the worst in ourselves. Eddie Carter was never just a police officer. He was always a husband and a parent as well. A lot of people who know police officers are aware that there's aconstant conflict in our lives. Which means more to us, job or family? In the end, the thing I learned from Eddie is that the two are inextricably linked. I could not do what I do without my family. The truth is we do what we dobecause of the people we love. [music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 