Blue Murder: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Blue Murder 
 s2e3 - Fragile Relations - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Blue Murder (2003–2009): Season 2, Episode 3 - Fragile Relations - full transcript 
 The arson murder of Ali Raffiq, a mullah and social activist in Manchester's Pakistani community, is viewed initially as a hate crime by the police. DCI Lewis and her team enlist the help of Shaz Chowdhary, a community relations liaison, and although the evidence initially points to Mark Clayton, head of the local Britons First party, Lewis comes to increasingly feel that trail of the murderer will lead them into the Muslim community. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [music playing] [sighs] Are you in, babe? Oh, Charlie. PRIEST 1: Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil for you are with me. Your rod and your staff, they comfort me. You spread a table before me. In the presence of those who trouble me, you have anointed my head withoil, and my cup shall be full. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life. I will dwell in the houseof the Lord forever. You're sacked, Wheeler. Look, Dave-- And that's just for starters. [music playing] So this John Wheeler was having an affair with the boss's wife. And he hasn't been seen since the funeral. He's not oncompassionate leave then? We thought Mr. Moran was, butit's been longer than two weeks now. We've had no contact from either of them. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They both seemed to havejust vanished into thin air. What do you think's happened? I just can't get this mad idea out of my head. Every cremation we ever dois controlled by a computer. Twice a year, the environmental health come along and download the hard drive to check on our emissions. They're due again next week. So while I was preparing for the audit, and-- well, because I've been worried-- I made a point of lookingat Charlie's cremation. Charlie? Mrs. Moran. Anyway, this and this are normal cremations. You see the figures are prettysimilar in each column, right? Right. This is Charlie's. Look at the difference. Higher temperatures, longertime, and look at that. Twice as much, more or less. What does it mean? I'm no expert. I just work in the office. But I think there's only one explanation. She was a big woman? She wasn't cremated alone. Richard, you were on thatCharlotte Moran suicide case, weren't you? Yeah. Was there anything suspicious about it? No. Nothing at all? She had an argument with her husband. He leaves home, goes to stay at her dad's. The next day, he finds her dangling. They even caught her on securitycameras buying the rope. A woman goes out to buy something to top herself with, she usually comes back with a bag full of pills. SHAP: Hm, that sounds a bitsexist that, to me, boss. You want to get yourself some diversity training. Hi, Mary. Hi-- Mr. Arrowsmith, the police are here. Mr. Arrowsmith is the acting superintendent. I'm just really sorry Ididn't get in touch sooner. Well, if it hadn't have been for you, we would have been none the wiser. You're not going to close us down, are you? I've got eight funerals booked in today. Well, there wouldn't bemuch point, Mr. Arrowsmith. There's been dead bodies coming in and out of the crime scene forthe past two and a half weeks. It doesn't come much morecontaminated than that. This is Kenny McAllister. He's operating the cremators this week. Hi. Hi. I believe you were the last person to see John Wheeler and DaveMoran before they disappeared. Yeah. So when Mrs. Moran's service was over, this is where John Wheelerwould have been, doing what you're doing now, right? Yep. What time would that have been? About 4 o'clock. It was the last one of the day. Where were you? I was working in the chapel. As soon as the service is finished, chapel attendant comes backhere to help charge the coffin. Push it into thecremation, in other words. Bang on cue, Roger Boersma. Roger's chapel attendant today. This is the police, Rog. Oh, hello. Hi-- so is that whatyou'd have done after Mrs. Moran's service? You'd have come straight backhere like Mr. Boersma's done. Not straight back, no. I was in the chapel for a couple of minutes. And by the time I got back here,the boss had beat me to it. What, he charged the coffin? No, but he was already here with John. RICHARD MAYNE: What, JohnWheeler and Dave Moran were together when you were arrived? Yeah.JANINE LEWIS: How did they seem? They'd been arguing. What about? Well, I couldn't make out the details. And-- well, they shut up when I came in. So what happened then? Well, the boss said he wantsto charge the coffin himself. So I left him to it. I was glad to get out ofthere, to tell you the truth. Sorry, I've got to get the chapel ready for the next service. Yeah, sorry, Rog. Excuse me. Well, I'll need to takea statement from you later. OK. Do you need two men to charge a coffin? It's a health and safety thing. But one man could manage it though. I suppose so. But he couldn't charge a coffin and chuck in an extra body at the same time, like you seem to think. JANINE LEWIS: Why not? ALEC ARROWSMITH: Well, you'vejust seen it for yourself. It wouldn't fit, apart from anything else. Well, maybe the extra body went in afterwards. Once those charge doors are closed, you can't open them again untilthe cremation is finished. What if you took the lid off the coffin, put the second body on top of the first, pushed the coffin in,slid the lid in beside it, and then closed the doors? Is that possible? [sighs] Come here. Look at that. You see that? Oh, bloody hell. Now, that is what youend up with after an hour and 20 minutes or so in there. Now, if two people had been cremated, it would have been overflowing. I would have noticed next morning. Once the remains have cooleddown, they go in here. And it ends up as a fine powder. Now, I've been on this job for 20 years. And you can take it from methat there was only one person's remains in Mrs. Moran's urn. Couldn't someone have put twobodies in the same cremator, hung around for a while, and then taken half the remains away with them? Have you got any prooffor this crackpot theory? JANINE LEWIS: Well, computer records. Boss? Here, look, in the grout. You see it? JANINE LEWIS: Blood. Could be. KENNY MCALLISTER: I do you remember something from that morning. What? Wasn't that the day the old magnet went missing? What magnet? It just picks a littlemetal up, pins in the coffin. But you get all sorts-- screws, nails, artificial joints. We just separate it out from the human remains. Throw it in there. How heavy is that thing? Have a try. And one went missing the dayafter Mrs. Moran's funeral. KENNY MCALLISTER: Yeah. - Thanks. January 14, Charlotte Moran commits suicide. We know it was suicidebecause Butchers says so. I'd put my pension on it, boss. You might have to. Convince us then. Go on. All right. There's a history ofdepression and mental illness. Her mum was sectioned and diedwhen she was a little girl. Her dad is an undertaker, and her husband, he works in the crematorium. No wonder she was depressed. BUTCHERS: It's not the best of marriages. He's jealous and overprotective. The work phone bill comes in, and he reckons there's calls on it to his wife's mobile that he couldn't have made. So has a quiet word withMary Hunt, the secretary, asks her to keep an eye onwho's using the office phone. Charlotte finds out about hissuspicions and hits the roof. They fight. She storms out. The next day, she hangs herself. But no note. No note, no. But it wasn't the first time. She had tried to hang herselfwhen she was a teenager, and there was no note then either. If Charlotte Moran didn't commit suicide, I'll stand on the roof with my kicks off. SHAP: Can't wait. Yeah, we'll hold you to that. OK, let's take his word for it, for now. Right. After the funeral, while themourners are making their way to the wake, the husband confronts the lover over the dead wife's coffin. There's a furnace roaringwaiting in the background. They argue. Blood is spilt. We don't know whose yet, do we? No. JANINE LEWIS: There's a possibleweapon, a disappearing magnet, and confirmation that there's nothing wrong with the crematorium's computer. So what we know for certainis at exactly 12 minutes past 4:00, two bodies go into the same cremator at the same time. Now, presumably, one of them is Charlotte Moran. But who's the other? [church bells] PRIEST 2: He cometh up andis cut down like a flower. He fleeth-- Mr. Evans? Inspector Lewis. I'm so sorry for your loss. Thank you. What do you want? JANINE LEWIS: It's aboutyour son-in-law, Dave Moran. You know he hasn't been since Charlie's funeral? Yes. JANINE LEWIS: Do you know where he is? We were never very close. I mean, one of his employees,John Wheeler, he's missing too. We think he was having an affair with Charlie. Did you know that? Did you know about the affair? After Charlie's funeral, at the wake, I was in a toilet cubiclehaving a quiet moment to myself. I try not to display my emotions. Two of David's colleaguescame in to use the urinal and started gossiping. That was the first I heard of it. Do you know John Wheeler? I used to. I gave him his first job. What was he like? He was a deeply unpleasant young man. I had to sack him. JANINE LEWIS: What for? He stole a wedding ring from a coffin. How did he get a job ina crematorium after that? I didn't report it. I couldn't prove that it was him, and I calculated that if the truth ever came out, all it would do would be todevastate a bereaved old man and ruin my reputation. So I just sacked him. He moved down south. And then a couple of years ago,I came across him at Lockwood. He'd stayed in thebusiness when he was away, and now he was back. Did you report him then? That was over 20 years later. Isn't that a bit likeburying your head in the sand? Have you seen Mr. Moran inthe last couple of weeks or so? No, he hasn't been in contact. And that's definite. Have you got anything I can give Hackett? We've got a match for the blood spot we found. Go on. Who? Dave Moran. Yeah, go on. It proves bugger all on its own. Just because he lost blooddoesn't mean he's lost a fight. And stealing a ring doesn'tmake Wheeler a killer. Anything else? But it's early days, sir. Oh, Janine, whichever one did it has had nearly three weeks to escape. What's early about that? Yes? Sorry. Thought you'd want to know. Turns out Dave Moran had a metal plate in his leg, old rugby injury. So? So we found a match forit, hid amongst all the metal remains in Lockwood. That's a lucky break. So Moran's the one who is cremated. It looks like John Wheeler is the killer. [music playing] [doorbell buzzer] Hi, I'm DCI Janine Lewis. I'm looking for Jayne Wheeler. Yeah, that's me. Jayne, let's just have achat about your husband, John. The day of the funeral his boss turned up here looking for him. And I told him he'd gone to work. And he told me that he'd justfound proof that my John was having an affair with his wife. Just found? Yeah, he'd been-- he'd beencarrying out some stuff, and he found a phone, didn't he? And I guess he'd left a message on it. RICHARD MAYNE: Did you know John used to work for Charlotte Moran's father? No. He told us that he hadto sack John for stealing a wedding ring from a coffin. Do you think your husband couldbe capable of such a thing? I didn't think my husband wascapable of being unfaithful. Jayne, Jayne, we need your help to find him. How? We're thinking of a public appeal. Oh, no, no way. This is now a murder inquiry. So if you see this,John, please get in touch. I just need some kind ofproof that you're still alive. You know the number. [beep] JOHN WHEELER [ON ANSWERING MACHINE]: I need to talk to you. Will you meet me, please? I'll be at Richmond Squareat 1 o'clock this afternoon. Please be there. It's really important. And don't tell anyone. [beep] When did he ring? Just after 8:00. I was still in bed. - Right. That doesn't give us much time. OK, everyone, it's 1 o'clock. Mrs. Wheeler is in possession. [inaudible] There's someone crossingthe park towards her now. JANINE LEWIS [ON RADIO]:[inaudible] Anyone ID him? Anyone? It's, um, hard to tell from here. Standby, everyone. Wait for the signal. Come on, Jayne. Give us a signal. Give us a bloody signal. Richard, take a stroll over there in case she's forgotten what to do. This is me iPod. Is it him? Aw, come on, Richard. Is it him? Can't tell yet. All units, go, go, go, go, go. He's headed for the [inaudible] exit. Go on. Go, go, go. Exit, Butchers-- Shap, cut him off on the far side. [sirens] Get back. Show us your face. There. Jesus, all this for two bottles of perfume? He was trying to sellher knockoff perfume, sir. She had to tell him she was surrounded by police to get rid of him. And now Wheeler knows that we're on to him. Something's not right, sir. You can say that again. If Wheeler killed Moran, why did he leave the metal leg plate behind? What do you mean "if?" Do you think Moran chopped hisown leg off and then cremated it to throw us off the scent? Are we looking for a criminalmastermind with a limp? It's like he wanted us to knowthat Moran had been cremated. Now, why would John Wheeler want that? Janine, he's out there somewhere getting around his wife. So why don't you go and find him and ask him? JOHN WHEELER [ON RECORDING]:And don't tell anyone. JANINE LEWIS: That'sdefinitely Wheeler's voice. No, see, that little [inaudible].. Hm. Oh, that-- Shh, shh, shh, shh. Listen. [click] You hear that? What is that? A click. What sort of click? I think it's the kind of click you get when someone turns off a tape. If you ask me, this voice isn't live. I think it's a recording. What you've got on that answer machine is a recording of a recording. When Mr. Moran came to see you on the morning of his wife's funeral, yousaid he had her phone with him. And there was a message from Jonathan. Yeah, that's right. JANINE LEWIS: Did you hear it? No. RICHARD MAYNE: Did he tellyou what the message said? He was arranging a date, I think. Do you think it's possible that Mr. Moran took that phone to the funeral? Oh, I know he did. How? Because he said he was goingto shove it up John's arse. Whoever killed Dave Moranhad access to his wife's phone. And on that phone was amessage from John Wheeler. In fact, it's the same message. At some time in the past,John Wheeler and Charlie Moran met up in Richmond Square. Now, there might be some CCTV footage. Butchers? Oh, why do I always get the videos? Now, if the killer went to such trouble to make us think that John Wheeler is alive, then the chances are he's probably dead-- which might mean someonekilled both Wheeler and Moran. Which might mean that we have a different killer, an extra victim, and a missing body. Because if Dave Moran wascremated, where the hell is John Wheeler? How do we know that he wasn't cremated as well? Computer records. BUTCHERS: Yeah, but you're a murderer. You're in the perfect placeto dispose of dead bodies. Why didn't he just chuck them both in? He wanted us to think onlyone man was killed so the other would be the suspect. Well, he must have takenWheeler's body away with him. If the same person killed both men, he must have had at least a basic knowledge of how cremation works to get rid of Moran. What have we got on the staff? There was a lot of to-ing andfro-ing after the funeral. Any one of the four couldhave snuck in the back, done the deed, and started the cremation. Any one of them could have returned to the scene of the crimelater on to tidy up. Right. So they'll all got opportunity. It's motive we're after. [music playing] Right, Charlotte Moran, it's the day before she topped herself. Now, she didn't drive, so Ifigured maybe she took a tram. This is Stamford Street Station. So what are we doing, tram spotting? [laughter] Is that her, or is that her? That's her. Right, so she heads off towards the square. And at 13:06 and 27 seconds,she goes around the corner, and we pick her up here,where she met Joe Wheeler. JANINE LEWIS: What's that? Some kind of letter. All right, and she's off. JANINE LEWIS: Does she come back? No, that's one seriously dumped woman. She's not coming back ever. He hits her with a big "it'snot you, it's me" letter. She's broken hearted. She storms off home. She has the blazing row with her husband. Next thing you know, she's offupstairs with a length of rope. It explains why she'd want to kill herself. But who'd want to killher husband and her lover? Well, my money's on FrankEvans, revenge on the two men he blamed for his daughter's suicide. He'll be with you now. Thank you. Have you worked here long? Too long. Did you know John Wheeler? He was here back in 1979-1980. Before my time. Don't forget. Call me anytime, day or night. Is there anyone else who might have worked with John Wheeler, apartfrom Mr. Evans, of course? No. FRANK EVANS: I'm sorry to keep you waiting. Shall we go through? JANINE LEWIS: When Charlie turned up after the big argument with her husband, did she have an envelope withher, a letter of some kind? No. JANINE LEWIS: And she didn't tell you what the argument was about? Oh, she was very subdued. Right. And then the next day, whenyou came back from work, there she was. Yeah. RICHARD MAYNE: Do you blameher husband for what happened? I've helped many people come to terms with the effect of suicide. Blame is always part of it,but it's never very helpful. What about John Wheeler? You must blame him. I'm only human. But I try not to. I've been wondering. How long did John Wheelerand Charlie know each other? Did they meet when he used to work for you? No. How can you be so sure? I keep my family life andmy business life separate. JANINE LEWIS: So Charlienever came to work with you? - No. - Well, not ever? Charlie was only 13 yearsold when Wheeler was here. There is no way they could have met. RICHARD MAYNE: Can you giveus the details of anyone else who worked here in that time? Why? RICHARD MAYNE: Well, theymight know something you don't. Maybe Charlie was having alittle teen romance with John Wheeler behind your back. She wasn't. You can't sure of that. I can JANINE LEWIS: No parent can be sure what their daughter's up to all the time-- believe me-- especially onethat's as busy as you must be. Is there something you'renot telling us, Mr. Evans? Now, we can trace people that used to work here. If Charlie and Wheeler were close back then-- They were very close, OK? She thought she loved him. When I sacked him, and he moved away, that-- that was the reasonfor her first suicide attempt. You have no idea of the holdthat he used to have on her, and I knew that it would be adisaster if she met him again. I dreaded it. Excuse me. So he's got opportunity and motive. And he's been in theindustry for 40 odd years. Probably knows enough of thebasics to have cremated Moran. And what better way toget rid of Wheeler's body than in a hearse? He probably took it back to work. It's a great place to hidea body, an undertaker's. Well, he wouldn't want it on the premises. He took it in the canal. Or a shallow grave in the woods somewhere. Yeah, well, sooner or later, he knows it's going to get found. No, this man deals with deadbodies every day of his life. I bet he chucked it in a coffin with someone else and just waited for anotherfuneral to come along. Oh, don't be daft. It wouldn't fit. Top to toe? You'd never get the lid on, even top to toe, and the weight. Well, if the bits were small enough, you could even cremate them. It wouldn't show up on the computer records. The evidence wouldliterally go up in smoke. Except for the metal legplate, which would explain-- my god. It would exactly explain why it got left behind. Why? It wasn't. On the night of the murders,it was Wheeler and Charlie who were cremated, not Moran. So when Frank came back later to tidy up and dispose of the extra remains, there-- there was no lead plate. If there had been, he'd have taken it with him. But instead, he took DaveMoran's whole body with him. In his hearse, back to work, like I said. With the lead plate still inside. Cut it into pieces, and thebit with the leg plate in-- Got hidden inside someone else's coffin. And it turned up at LockwoodCrem a couple of days later. My god, it's brilliant. It fits. I mean, it's-- it's bizarre, but it fits. It's awfully sad. You're thinking inside the box, mate. How would you like someonedoing that to your mum? When did you last see Frank Evans? 5:30 yesterday evening. He was preparing Mrs. Douthwaite to the left. Which was Mrs. Douthwaite? She'll be on her way toLangley Crematorium by now. I think he's doing the runner. He's printing off a Eurostar timetable for today, and he's booked himself onthe Piccadilly to London train, which is just about to leave. OK. Butchers is on his way. But can you ring Euston andany other stations on the way, just in case he misses it? We're off to Langley Crematorium. Why? There's a cremation just starting. Last night, Evans saw to acoffin himself-- unusual, but not unheard of, apparently. You don't have to stop the service, love. The family don't have to be affected. I don't think he's runninguntil after the last piece of the jigsaw is missing for good. Just make sure Mrs. Douthwaitedoesn't go in the oven. It's this one. All right, you three start at that end. We'll meet in the middle. Afternoon. Hello. Thanks. Yeah. Find anything. Nothing. Now, did whoever killedher husband and her lover also kill her dad? Or were we on the right track? Did her dad kill these two andthen cremate them both, Charlie with John Wheeler and DaveMoran with lots of strangers and bits and pieces? And then did someone else kill Frank Evans? If we hadn't stopped EvaDouthwaite's cremation, we'd all be still wondering ifhe was still in the country. I'd have been on train stationvideotapes for bloody months, wouldn't I? If Evans did kill these two, and he really was going to do a runner,he'd have booked a flight. He would have never left thattrain time table lying about. It's too convenient.It's like the phone call. The killer's trying to sell us a dummy. Both times he makes this clumsy effort to point us in the wrong direction, and both times he'd have beenbetter off doing nothing. Now, I think it's the same killer, and I don't think he's as clever as he thinks. Are you sure about that, boss? Well, I'm as sure as I can be. Would you stand on the roof with your kicks off if you were wrong? No, I'd stand on there with me boots on. I'm a bad loser. Now we're looking for the same killer. Only now we're looking for her as well. Because if Frank's body was inEva's coffin, where the hell is Eva's body? JOHN WHEELER [ON RECORDING]:Will you meet me please? I'll be at Richmond Squareat 1 o'clock this afternoon. Please be there. It's really important. And don't tell anyone. Please be there. It's really important. And don't tell anyone. It's really important. And don't tell anyone. Don't tell anyone. They've been having an affair for months. Why would he suddenly say don't tell anyone? If they were having an affair,she'd know not to tell anyone. So they're not having an affair? Well, no, we only thoughtthat because her husband did. And he only thought thatbecause of that phone call. He was too stupid and jealous to realize that this wasn't one in along line of secret meeting. This could have been the firsttime they'd seen each other since they were kids. Now I want to know moreabout that teenage romance. And I want us to try and trace anyone who worked with Wheeler back then. We need to know what's inside the envelope. That's the key. The phone records still showloads of calls made to a mobile from the Lockwood office. And if Dave Moran didn't make them-- He could have been rightabout seeing someone from work but wrong about who it was. Well, maybe JohnWheeler found out it was, and maybe he was jealous. What if he was trying to blackmail her? Yeah, whatever, but he wasn't shagging her. The question is, who was? Thanks. Right, Arrowsmith wouldbe a big old, you'd think, which makes Boersma and McAllister favorites. You say that, but-- Yeah, before you accuse me of ageist, racist, and homophobic-- whichis what you're about to do, wasn't it? I was going to suggest Mary Hunt might drink from the fairy cup, yeah. Yeah, very PC, Shap, andyou'll be PC Shap the way you're going on. May we have a word, Mr. Boersma? [inaudible] JANINE LEWIS: You do self-defense classes? A woman living on her owncan't be too careful, can you? Look, I can't stay chatting. I'm going to be late for the train. I'll give you a lift. Actually, I'm not keen on cars. I'm a very nervous passenger. Oh, you'll be safe with me. How long did you know Charlotte Moran? I didn't, not really. I just met her once at a party or so. RICHARD MAYNE: What party was that then? [music playing] Is your man constipated? Excuse me? I've got to go to work now. Come on. I'm opening up. What are you doing? You can't go in there. That's private. Sorry, mate. I got a big lost. You're going to have tocome back later after work. We might just do that. And if you're going to go snooping, you're going to have toget yourselves a warrant. Yes. Dad? Detective Sergeant Butchers. Your daughter tells me that youused to work for Frank Evans. Poor Frank, he was a good man. Good Evans they used to call him, you know. Did he have anyenemies that you know of? There was only oneperson I could think of who would wish Frank any harm. Who's that? John Wheeler, that's the man you want. JANINE LEWIS: Just before the funeral, Dave told you he found proofthat his wife was having an affair with John Wheeler.Is that right? Yeah. JANINE LEWIS: What'd you think about that? I was shocked. Yeah, but you must havebeen a bit relieved though. Why would I be relieved? JANINE LEWIS: Well, it meant that he wouldn't suspect you anymore. Why would he suspect me? Well, someone was ringing hiswife from work, someone who had access to the phone all day. We all have access to the phone. JANINE LEWIS: Yeah, yeah, butyou had best access though. Do you think me and Charlie were having some kind of lesbian affair? Well, I'll tell you what I don't think anymore, that John Wheelerwas having an affair with her. I mean, they were friends,yeah, old friends, but they weren't lovers. Will you keep your always on the road? Jesus, you're trying to kill us both. Frank told us John was sacked for stealing, but that was just an excuse. What do you mean? Six months after he'd gone,little Charlie had a baby. She must have been about 13 at the time. What? And you think Wheeler was the father? I know he was. He as good as admitted it. What happened to the baby? Not long after John joinedus, a lorry went into this car. Mum and Dad survived, butthey had two kids in the back. The kids didn't make it. I must have been to thousandsof funerals in my time, but the ones that stickin your mind are the kids. Two little white boxes at the same funeral, I'll never forget it. John carried one, and I carried the other. Anyway, afterwards, Frank keptin touch with this couple. And this woman, not only had she lost two kids, but it turned out she couldn't have anymore. So-- She got Charlie's. It seemed like the best solution at the time. Do you remember the name of this couple? I'm sorry. I'm only trying to eliminateyou from my inquiries. Yeah, well, A, just becauseI don't have a boyfriend doesn't mean to say I'm a lesbian. And B, if it wasn't for me,you wouldn't have even known about the double cremation. Well, we would by now. Didn't you have an audit due this week? [phone ringing] Hello? JANINE LEWIS [ON PHONE]: It's me. Anything on Mary? She admits to being friends with Charlie. But I think there might be more to it than that. I need you to get me a search warrant. I've just got one. What, for Mary's place? Roger Boersma's-- I'm onmy way back with it now. Turns out he was the onewho was shagging Charlie. You're sure? Shap had an unofficial look around while I was talking to him. He found some love letters. Where's Roger now? Hopefully he's at work. I've left Shap outside just in case. How about the crem himself? Have a word with him. Oh, best not pull him up on the letters, not until we've officiallyfound them, that is. JANINE LEWIS [ON PHONE]: OK,let me know when you're in. OK. [music playing] All right, Shap. I've got it. Just had Butchers on the phone. And? John Wheeler got Charlie pregnant when she was 13 years old. 13? She had a baby to him,but the baby were adopted. Guess who by? Who? A Mr. and Mrs. Boersma. So Roger is Charlie's son. According to Butchers. Hold on. If you're right about the letters in there-- - I know what I read. - Oh, Jesus. You're telling me he was havingan affair with his own mother. When did you meet John Wheeler? Um, November the 11th, 2002. Hm, that's accurate. That's because it was theday my dad was cremated. I wasn't working here then, but John did. And we got talking after the service. What about? Look, do we have to go into this now? I've got a file I really need to sort out. You something to hide, Roger? No. OK. So tell me about John. Well, [sighs] he recognized the name, because I have two brotherswho died in a car crash. This was before I was even born. He remembered the funeral. So I asked him about it. We went for a drink. Well, I suppose I was drinkingquite a lot back then. John kept in touch and keptme on the straight and narrow and got me the job here. You must have thought of him as a good friend. Yeah, I did. But this good frienddidn't tell you he was having an affair with Charlotte Moran. No. He'd known her since he was 16. Did he tell you that? No. So then at the funeral when Dave Moran told you he had proof, positiveproof, that John, your mate, was sleeping with his wife, thatmust have caused a big shock. Yeah. But Moran was wrong. He wasn't sleeping with her at all. I'm not surprised. Why not? Because John was a good man. He loved his wife. We still think Charlottewas having an affair with someone but not with John. Was it you, Roger? Did you have a relationship with her? We've asked all yourcolleagues the same thing. Did you ever relationship with Charlotte Moran? [phone ringing] [beep] Well, come on, Roger. It's a simple enough question. I just met her once at a party. You sure? [beep] Excuse me. That's OK. I know the routine. I'll wait. Told you, didn't I? Let's get these bagged up. We'll have a proper look at them later. What are you talking about? I found another 20 of these under the stairs, all exactly the same, all brand new. Are you still with him? JANINE LEWIS [ON PHONE]: Yeah, what do you want? Are you alone? Well, sort of. RICHARD MAYNE [ON PHONE]:Get out of there now. I think it's him. He's the killer. How do you know? RICHARD MAYNE [ON PHONE]:John Wheeler got Charlie Moran pregnant when she was 13. He goes down south. Baby gets put up for adoption. Charlie tries to top herself. Guess who the baby grows up to become? Roger Boersma. Bloody hell. When John finds out Roger is having an affair with the new boss'swife, which is actually named Charlotte, the girl that hegot pregnant 24 years ago, he meets up with her in Richmond Square and delivers the mother of all bombs shells. Oh, sorry, but you're going tohave to stop shagging Roger. He's our son. No wonder she killed herself. So Butchers was rightabout that all along then. Oh, is he listening? Yeah, anything else? OK, have you ever noticedthe red bag that he carries? Yeah. Well, he's got another 20 of them here in the house, exactlythe same, brand new. This one's freezing cold. I've got a terrible feelingI've just found Eva Duthwaite. Hang on a minute. ROGER BOERSMA: What are you doing? Sorry, I was just, um, I was wondering what you were having for your dinner. No, you weren't. You might as well come quietly, Roger. I've got back up. They're seconds away. It's her. She's in bits in the freezer. Get out of there. Janine? Janine? Janine? They're not seconds away, are they? They're at my house. It's over, Roger. I know it all. I know why you did it. I know how. You've been waiting for the chapel attendant to turn his back from the--and as soon as he's gone, you-- you throw the bag inbefore the charge door closes. That's right, isn't it? That's what you've been doing. Roger Boersma, I'marresting you on suspicion of the murder of Frank Evans,of Dave Moran, of John Wheeler. I'm not going to prison. No, no, no. No, any judge is going to understand. God, I mean, how were you toknow that Charlie was your-- - No, you shut up! - I'm just saying. I'm just saying. I'm just saying they'll be very sympathetic. It's like we just belonged to each other. Well, yeah. You know? We just-- we had so much in common. We just clicked. Oh, it's not your fault.It's not your fault. You were programmed to love her. You didn't know who she was. No, no. And she didn't know who you were. No-- And anyone finding out would just [snaps] snap. Yeah, you see, if John would have told me instead of telling her-- I mean, he told me to stop seeing her, but I thought that was becauseshe-- she was the boss's wife. Yeah. If he had told me the truth,I could have dealt with it. Yes, of course. I mean, it would have been heartbreaking. But I-- I-- I would have stopped seeing her, and Charlie would still be alive. Did he tell you he was your father? Josh Boersma was my father. Yeah, no, I-- I mean, your real-- No, no, my real father isthe man who brought me up, and he looked after me. Yeah, of course, of course. I-- I can understand you're angry with John. I mean, he walked out on you. He deserted you. And anyone that would leave a child like-- Ah! Don't you think I don'tknow who my real father was. After the funeral, everyone was leaving. And I was in the grounds at this point. And I saw John coming out ofhere, and he was bleeding. And he was crying. So I asked him what had gone on, and he said that he'd been in a fight with Dave and that Dave had just sacked him, right? Because Dave thought it washim that was having the affair. But John had-- John had just taken the blame. I wasn't having that. So I came running in. And Dave, he-- he stood righthere with-- with the coffin. This is the coffin of the woman I loved and the man I blamed for her death. I-- I couldn't understand whyshe'd just finished with me and then the very next day killed herself. It had to be his fault. So I-- I got the magnet, right? And I said to him, it wasn't John. It was me. I loved her. I loved her. You-- you killed her. - [gasps] - I loved her. And you killed her. I loved her. You killed her. And then John came runningin, but it was too late. And he said it wasn't hisfault. And I said, yeah, it was. He killed her. And then John's saying no. I told her to stop seeing you. It was me. It was my fault. I told her. And I'm like, what? And then I'm slowly thinking maybe-- maybe Dave was right all along. Maybe she and John had been-- and then it all happened in a split second. I'm thinking, he's a witness. And so as he's taking thisenvelope out of his pocket, I hit him. And he fell. This was my best friend. And after, I took thelid off Charlie's coffin. Then I-- I kissed her for the last time. And then I put John in with her. That's when I noticed the envelope. I opened it up. And that's when I found out the truth. Three people were dead. And it was all Frank Evans' fault. Because Evans was my father. SHAP: "Dear John, thanks fortaking the blame for the baby. It were a boy, thank god." Taking the blame for the baby? "Dad made me give him away. But I could have kept him if he'd been a girl. I don't know where he's going, but any where's better than here. I want you to have this photo. It's the only one I've got of us both together. But I don't need it now. I'm sorry. I just can't stand it anymore. Goodbye, Charlie." RICHARD MAYNE: Taking the blame for the baby? Hey, you don't think from Frank Evans got his 13-year-old daughter pregnant when Wheeler took the blame? So when Roger eventually findsout that his real mum and dad are Charlie and her dad, Frank, Jesus, it's enough to turn anyone into a psycho. ALEC ARROWSMITH: Roger? ROGER BOERSMA: Yeah? Jesus, you look terrible. Uh, yeah, I'm not feelingtoo well, to be honest. Like I've got a banging head. I might have to go home. Well, I've got some[inaudible] back at the office. [inaudible] and I'll bring it back for you. Oh, right, thanks. ALEC ARROWSMITH: Numberthree on the blink again? Oh, yeah. I'll have to get someoneback to have a look at it. Cheers. Blast. Um, [inaudible], it's DS Shap. Look, is Chief Inspector Lewis still with you? I'm not sure. You-- ugh, can you sendsomeone down to the crematory to make sure she's all right? Mr. Arrowsmith's justbeen down there actually. It's the police. Well, they've have to wait. Listen, I have reason tobelieve that Roger Boersma-- she hung up. Shit. Any sign of Roger? Has he gone? Bloody hell, now I'm a mandown and a cremator down. We better get this charged quick. Any sign of that woman copper? No, she was given Roger the hard time before. No wonder he's gone home sick. [beeping] [sirens] Show some respect, you bastards. We're a family in mourning here. Stop! Well, I told you that I would-- You put that in there, and I will arrest you. Let's get this lid off. Shit. Have you cremated anyone in the last few minutes? That one went in just before you arrived. Shit. Oh, no. Oh, no. No. Oh, Janine. What? I thought you were-- What's happened? Well, the good news is youget to keep your kicks on. Where's Boersma? Well, it wasn't me in that oven, and it wasn't the bloke it should have been. He's lying over there. I suppose there are some thingsthat no one can live with. [music playing] [theme music] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 