Blue Murder: Season 4, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Blue Murder 
 s4e3 - Crisis Management - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Blue Murder (2003–2009): Season 4, Episode 3 - Crisis Management - full transcript 
 DCI Jeanine Turner and her team investigate the murder of a senior NCO at an army base. They're getting some cooperation from the military, but they're worried about bad publicity and aren't being entirely truthful about what they know about their personnel. From the beginning, she finds the case has all of the hallmarks of a family dispute but a second and then a third death points to illegal drug use, affairs and the challenges of having to face an impending relocation to a war zone. Jeanine has to deal with her own feelings for Major Tim Fairhead who she had only recently met and who feels the same about her. That relationship also elicits a sharp reaction from DI Richard Mayne. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [music playing] [shouting] Have you seen my mobile? I'm late. Where are you going? Just a bar in town. What for? Meet Sally for adrink, what normal people don on a Friday night. - Except me. - You're not normal. You're a 15-year-old girl. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Bye. Hi, glass of red wine, please. Thanks. [phone ringing] Yeah, Sally? Yeah, thought it might. No, no, no worries. Catch you next week, yeah. All right. Bye. You've been stood up? Yeah, yeah my mate is stuck at work. Bill, please? One for the road? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No, you're all right, thanks. No strings attached. I'm not going to finish it on my own. All right then, go on. That's fine, thanks. Tim Fahed. Janene Louis. You come here often? No, this is my first time. I work a lot of evenings. I felt like a change of scene from the office. Doing? Oh, health and safety. You? I'm in crisis management. Nice to meet you, Janene. Yeah, cheers. There you are. Come here, you sexy. [giggling] Not here. Where are you going? Wait a sec, Mike. Shit. [screaming] Oh shit, let's get out of here. Did he? He did. [phone ringing] Sorry. Hello? Yeah, OK. All right. Where are you? No, all right, I know it. I'll get a cab. Bye. Sorry. You've got a crisis to manage. Yeah. Look, it's been really great meeting you. Yeah, it's been lovely. Lovely enough that you mightlike to do it again sometime? Yeah. Thanks. Bye, then. Bye. [phone ringing] Hello? On a Friday night, what have we got? Half a mile that way is Cronum Edge Barracks. Home of the 112th regiment,North Lakes Artillery. This is their sport hole. And we've got one dead sergeant major. How's your mate, Sally? Yeah, more fun than I expected it to be. - She's single, yeah? - Who found the body? Lancy Bombardier, oneof the local gun bunnies, army slang for artillery girls. Evening, you two. All right, boss. That is not a pretty sight. How long has he been there? Approximately three hours, the doc said. Do we know who he is yet? Troop Sergeant Major Raymond John Pettigrew, K Troop, Alexandria Battery,same as the girl who found him. The whole regiment is off tothe Gulf in a week's time. So no rush then. Anyone been inside? The door has a locked key. Elder is on his way, boss. It looks like he died where he fell. Found a tire print in the blood. So we're going to start looking for our killer. It's an army base, boss. They're all trained killers. They're not exactly over themoon to have us here, boss. They won't be queuing up to talk either. We love a challenge. Thank you. Cappy Covington. DCI Janene Lewis. Do you want to tell mewhat happened here, please? At 2100, I was on a run around the field. Come pass this spot, sawthe TSM dead on the ground. Do you often go jogging in the dark? Yes, ma'am.It helps me sleep, ma'am. Did the Sergeant Major havemany enemies you know about? Be quicker to name his friends. He was a bully. Everybody hate-- It's not the CSM's job to makefriends, Bombardier Covington. APC Sergeant Turtin, ma'am. You wanted to see inside the sport hall. Anything out of place, Sergeant? Nothing obvious, ma'am. Can you think of any reasonwhy the TSM might have been in here at that time of night? No, ma'am. Boss? Footprint. Yeah. So would he have had a set of keys? No, ma'am. The set is with me at all times. And the spare is locked inmy office at battery HQ. Was the TSM married? Yes, ma'am. Happily? Yes, ma'am. So there's no chance he might have been in here, I don't know, meeting someone? Unfaithful? He wasn't the type. He had old-fashioned values, ma'am. There's a red cap major outside, keen to liaise with a civilian SIO. Major Fahed, officercommanding 130, section SIB, at your service DCI Lewis. Major. Health and safety, aye? I guess you could call this a crisis. This is my number two, Sergeant Howard. That's your patch, Sergeant? Past three years. We're relying on you for local knowledge. Obviously, you'll have our full cooperation. But if you're happy, we'll handle the press. There's a lot of sensitivity,given the deployment. As long as you keep us in the loop. Has the widow been informed? I, um-- we better go and see her. You OK here? Yeah. She seemed to like a bit of that. I'm so sorry for your loss, Mrs. Pettigrew. And I'm really sorry to haveto bother you this evening. But the sooner we've gotsomething to go on, the better. Did Ray have any problems that you know of, any trouble at work? No. No, nothing like that. Right. What about things between the two of you? They were OK. We were fine. Did you stop at home all night? I went to a friend's at six. And I got back at nine. I thought Ray would be back. We'll have to get your friend's details, OK? One last thing, Mrs. Pettigrew. Did the TSM drive into work this morning? We can't find his car on the base. And I didn't see it parked outside. No, Ray sold it a couple of weeks ago. He-- he couldn't find another one he liked. OK. Thank you. Clear the way, please. Are they coppers or squatters? A bit of both, really. A jack of all trades. What is it exactly that youdon't like about the army? They're all tossers. Amateurs. Remember me? Ms. Millen. It's Kate, remember? Can you confirm thatit's an NCO from Alexandria Battery that's been murdered? What do you think? It's your shout. But if his name is Pettigrew, you might wish you'd talked to me. Excuse me. Civilian police have no authority to comment at this time, Ms. Millen. An incident has occurred. And an investigation is underway. Now, all info will come throughthe press office here on base. Press release will be issued intime for the morning bulletins. That's all for now. This Pettigrew really as unpopular as Kathy Covington says? He was a tough NCO, old school. So that's a yes then. Tough enough to get killed for it? Being tough on soldiers was part of his job. And it's part of asoldier's job to suck it up. And the area around the sports hall is not restricted forcivilian access, you know? Anyone could have been with him tonight. So you saying it's not a soldier with a grudge. I think a soldier with agrudge could have waited. And why do anything nowunder the eyes of the whole regiment when you can waitand do the job in theater, and blame the bad guys? Through here. What do you think? You shouldn't have. A pizza and a glass ofwine would have been fine. I thought it wouldwork as an incident room. Yeah. [shouting] What's going on, Sergeant? Another attack, sir. Go to red special on my authority. I want the base locked down. We're sealing the perimeter. No one goes in or out. Tell the guards. And I want search teamsready to go in two minutes. You coming? [shouting] [sirens] You! Over there! Move! It's Cathy Covington. We need medics! They're on their way. She said anything yet? No. At least she's still alive. We'll need someone to sitwith her, just in case she wakes up and starts talking. I'll do it if you'd like. Good girl. Let me just make last orders, get off now. Oh! - Where you going? - Shit. You can't go in there. What's your name? Gunner Ruff, sir. Just came to see if Cathy's all right. She's a mate. Well then, you're going to have to wait. She's still out for the count. DI Main, Major Fairhead has requested you and your team stay on base tonight. Sorry, didn't bring your toothbrush. You might just have to live with that, sir. Thanks, but no thanks. DCI Lewis OK'd it. I'll have a word. She was cleared toleave 10 minutes ago, sir. I believe that she has children to see to. Oh. Is that your feet? No, not me, odor eaters. I think I'll try to shower in a minute. No towels. No hot water either. It's like Starlight bloody 17 in here. As a matter of fact, some POW camps have very good facilities. I'll never sleep on this. I'm not even going to try. Drop of scotch, game ofTexas hold 'em, any takers? Where'd you get all that from? Boot of me car, pays to be prepared. You don't have a big tub of hummus and some pita bread in there, do you? I'm starving. I'm getting some sleep. I hope nobody snores. No, never. I've had no complaints. I'm not really tired. Offers still open. No cards, big day tomorrow, boys. Good night, Sergeant. Good night, John boy. Good night inspector. Shut it. [giggling] What? It's just this hidden camera thing-- Shut it! I smell cabbage. I'm chipped. This cabbage? The doors to the kitchenare all going to be locked. Sergeant Howard said it was either this or the store room upstairs. Any more good news? Yeah, the bosses got Howard'sdesk, in with the major. Morning, everyone. Sleep OK? Don't all shout at once. Allow me. Oh, thank you. Right, what news on Cathy Covington? She's a bit groggy. But doc says she should beOK for questioning about now. Right, Major? No fines or incidents overnight. But I'm keeping the base onhigh alert for the time being. OK.Any evidence from the body? No sign of the murder weapon, most likely a metal tool with a square edge. Mrs. Pettigrew's alibi checked out. She was with a friend from six. Any evidence from the crime scene? They reckoned it waswalked all over by people wearing army boots. The best we got so far is the tire print, boss. It's a fairly common thread. But there's some unusual damage on it. It's definitely Pettigrew'sblood in the tread? Well, the blood type matches. We're just waiting on confirmation of the DNA. But the driver could be our killer. Do door to door in thearea, just in case anyone saw a vehicle coming in or out last night. Richard, is there anything on that print inside the sports hall? It's a medium sized boot or shoe. Could be male or female,but it could be our driver. Motive? Pettigrew's wife confirmed that he always carries a wallet. But we didn't find one onthe body or at the scene. Maybe he was robbed. Such a vicious attack. Any defense wounds? No, most of the wounds were to the side and the back of the head. Chances are, he never even saw his attacker. Word on the base is that Pettigrew had some sort of money trouble. Nothing I know about, sir. Get a financial background. Will do. Kathy told us last nightthat Pettigrew was a bully. Yeah, he was old school. He had a serious problem with women in the army. Might be worth following that up. Have you got any names? I'm waiting for a call from ajournalist I know, Kate Malin. She's looking into abuse by NCOs on this base. Kate Malin is a headline hunter. And abuse is a very strong word. Where there's smoke. Could be a victim looking for revenge. A grudge againstPettigrew doesn't explain the attack on Covington. Maybe she's over the side with Pettigrew, had to explain what shewas doing at the spot, so. I saw a love bite on Kathy's neck last night. Covington is half his age. And we did just establishhe was not her favorite NCO. Well, what else would he be doing down there? Odds are, he was meeting someone. Sharp, have a look around base. See if anyone's notice anything. Richard, can you get onto the lab? Keep on about that tire tread. And the rest of us, I think we should focus on the driver of that car. Oh, that's lovely coffee. You've obviously met thegalloping major before. Yeah, last night at the wine bar. Sally didn't turn up. We had a glass of wine together. You got the hots for him them, have you? You jealous? Janine, just remember, he's army. He's got his own agenda. That suits you, actually.That's a moody look. That's good. No, stick with it, it's nice. Where's Howard? I need the keys to Pettigrew's office. She's there now. She's doing a search. On her own? Yeah. March! Left, right, left, right, left! Who gave you permission? Sir? To search Pettigrew's office. Some of his paperworkhas an operational security classification. I had orders from the major. We're running the inquiryaround here, Sargent. I realize that, sir. But this is a national security issue. Oh, and there was me thinkingwe were all on the same side. So did you find anything? I discovered he had a secretpassion for jelly babies, sir. You're free to letyourself now, if you like. Can you tell us what you remember, Kathy? Nothing really, ma'am. It's all blank after I left the field. Do you remember getting that love bite? Let's hear it, Covington. It was Gunner Black, sir. And was black with you atthe sports hall last night? Yes, sir. Why couldn't tell us last night? He's my best mate's boyfriend, ma'am. He was, anyway. We'd been in training, sir. I've died three times this week. Yes, I can see shagging your mate's bloke seems like a small risk totake, given the broader context. Was it her that beat you up? Couldn't say, ma'am. Have you got a car, Kathy? Not on my pay. Does Blatt? No, ma'am. So TSM Pettigrew didn't catchyou at it at the sports hall last night? He was already dead, sir. I swear. Nearly stuck him in the dark. Could explain all theboot prints at the scene. So you have no idea who might have killed him? No, ma'am. It must have been tough, sir. Huh? Tracy Rough, I bit my next pay on it. Have you got anything in theway of evidence to back that up? She's be in trouble eversince she joined the troop. Wherever she is, there'salways something kicking off. It's a right pain in theass for the rest of us like. The TSM was seriously on to her. You can ask anyone. Plus, I saw her lastnight, just after she'd had another blow up with Pettigrew. Come on! Pick up the pace! Come on! What do you think? Too slow, sir. I know you like them fit, but I thought you were chasing up the path lab. They're calling me back. I'm supposed to be searchingPettigrew's office, but Howard got that first. She said it's national security. I said they're covering their tracks, again. Have you got anyevidence they're perverting the course of justice? No, just found out aboutyoung Rough here had a big fight with Pettigrew over this test. And she was seen at quarter to seven coming back from the sports hall. Sounds promising, who's your witness? Young top gun in Pettigrew'stroop called Blatt. Blatt, happy to talk, was he? Happy enough, he's Kate Malin's new source. Did he also mention thatused to be Tracy Rough's at the half, or at least hewas until Cathy Covington copped off with him last night. Covington's not saying whether or not it was Rough that beat her up. But Sergeant Howard says that she likes to talk with her fists. So it seems like a domestic to me. If she lost it and got violent, who's to say that she didn'tdo the same with Pettigrew earlier on over the test? Makes her stronger suspect. Think I'll have a chat with her. Watch yourself with journalists. The army aren't the only ones around here with their own agendas. Hello? You can relax. This isn't a formal interview. Ma'am. At ease. For now, I'm going to ignorewhat you did to Cathy Covington last night. We heard that you fell outwith TSM Pettigrew yesterday. Always falling out with him, ma'am. Picked on me, told people I was a biff. Slacker, not army materiel. But this time, you threatenedto sort him out, hadn't you? He was trying to stop me retest. If I can't get below sixminutes around the course, I can't deploy with my troop. Kill myself if I can't go. You didn't answer my question. It was only talk. I talk a good fight, ma'am. So you'd never thoughtabout getting even with him for the way he's treated you? Used to keep me awake at night. Only my troop commander told me that's what he wanted me, kicking off. I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction. When did you last see the TSM? Just before scoff. That's 5:30. Did you go to the sportshall between six and nine last night? No, ma'am, it was earlier. It was right after I saw the TSM. Went looking for my knife. I lost it in the woods a couple of days ago. Found it, though. I was back in time for good,never left the block after. I've got witnesses, sir. We a good few words. Yes, I get the picture. OK, thanks, Tracey. All right, dismissed. What are you thinking? She tells a good story. [knocking] Yeah? Facts from the bank, boss. Think you might want to look. - Lisa? - Yeah. I need names of anyone on the base who owns a dark-colored NissanMicro under four years old. Have we got a lead. Lab have been able toidentify the make of the tire from the tread. And it's been fitted as standardfor the last three years. And last night, a Nissan Micro, a dark one, was seen leaving the sportshall about half seven. Do you want me to checklocal civilian owners too? Give us a call when you got it, yeah? Is it just me, or does hehate everyone in uniform? Oh, sorry I asked. Thanks. Geraldine, we're strugglingto find a reason as to why anyone would want to harm Ray. Have you thought of anything? Any problems you might haveforgotten to tell us last time? No. I-- no, nothing like that, really. You-- you were have moneyproblems, though, weren't you? It's not a crime, you know? It was nothing to do with Ray. I'd never gambled on anything in me life. The internet changed that. It started on Ray's last tour. He bought me a computer so that we could email. It sounds mad now. But I actually thought I could win enough to buy him out of the Army. When he got back, I owed 25,000 to credit firms. Ray made me keep it a secret. We cashed it out of savings, and sold every little thing we could. Yesterday, Ray said he'd thought of a way to find the rest that we needed. How? He wouldn't say. If Pettigrew was meeting someone in the hope of organizing somecash, or to take delivery. The deal, whatever itwas, could have gone wrong. Or he was intentionally double crossed. Or a third party ambushed himafter he got hold of the cash. Whatever it is, we finallygot something decent to go on. Not the champagne andchocolates I was hoping for. You haven't earned them yet. I gave you my brand new source in K troop. And your brand new source in K troop only told us half the story. You win some. I need something else stand up. Want to see the headlinefor my evening bulletin? [phone ringing] [chatter] Nuttall. Levinson. Well, Sergeant? Is this a test? If you mean, do I know thenames, the answer is yeah? So is there another national security issue, or are you just withholding information? I reviewed it and decided-- It's not your job to decide anything. Major Fairhead asked me to assess the-- My team are in charge here, Sergeant. All the information should come to us first. Then we decide what is and what isn't relevant. I resent the allegation that I withheld-- Bollocks. That is just the kindof thoughtful, even-handed response I'd expect from you. You two getting along? What's the problem, Sergeant? Pettigrew had filed for physical abuse and sexual harassment, two charges. But the major and Sergeant Bilko here decided it wasn't worth passing on. Is this true? Both women dropped thecharges before the hearing. They were found to be malicious. By who, Pettigrew? And it was 10 years ago. Do you believe this? What I can't believe is you two squaring up like kids in a playground. There is no argument here. I'm running this inquiry. And we are going to work together. If you two can't get along,then you'll be replaced. Right? Major. Rich is right. It's not down to you orSergeant how to decide what we rule in or out of this inquiry. OK, point taken, but I genuinely thought it wasn't relevant. And in my defense, top brass are very sensitive about adverse publicity, and the effect it has on troop morale. However, I'll make sure you geta full copy of the case notes. Game on, boss. Uniform just found aMicro with a damaged tire. Got an ID on the owner. He's definitely one of yours. Where you going, love? See if Jackie and the kids need any help. Hang on, love, let me take that.- Thanks. Mom, Uncle Mark is here. Down in a minute, love. You all right, Ben? It's weird how it gets harder each time here. One more tour, we might have enough saved up. It's all right. I'll be OK. So will Beth. - Are you sure? Stop worrying. I promise. Everything will be OK. I know it will, because you're the best. Are we going or what? My arms hurt. Here sweetheart, give me. What's going on? Is that Turtin's wife? No, that's Sergeant Holroyd, Jackie. The Turtin's house is the one there. Jackie is a single parent. You see, her kids stay withTurtin will she's overseas. That lad looks old enoughto look after himself. He's under 18. Army regs don't allow it. And Beth is only 14. I didn't know they allowedsingle moms in the army. This is her fourth tour. Her and Sargeant Turtin joined up together. They're more or less family. Mark Turtin, I'm arrestingyou on suspicion of the murder of Raymond Pettigrew. - You must be joking. - It's all right. Matt, didn't kill anybody. See to Shirley and the kids. I'll be back. Car keys, please. This is totally insane. Can somebody tell me what's going on? Do you understand that? Yes. We've matched some damage on your tires to some prints found at the crime scene, Mark. And we swabbed your car andthe tires, covered in blood. Can you explain that? Didn't have my car with me yesterday. The wife dropped me off three mornings a week, and then run home. Where were you between six and nine last night? My office at Battery HQ from 17:30. I left the home at 20:30,back home for 2100 hours. Can anyone confirm that? I was alone in the office. Did anyone see you leaving the barracks? Hard to say, not that I noticed. What route do you take? Depends on the day. Did you go that way yesterday? Yeah. You see anything? No. We found this in the boot of your car. Can you tell me what's missing, please? For the tape, the suspectis being shown a tool kit. An adjustable spanner. Do you know where it's gone? No. [knocking] Sorry, boss. Will it keep? Perhaps my car was stolen Oh, and returned later. Come on, Mark. I had no argument with Ray Pettigrew. Why would I want to kill him? We never meant to have an affair. We bumped into each other oneday in town, went for a coffee. He ended up telling me about Geraldine. I told him about Mark. What about him? I don't mean anything terrible. Mark's a good husband. It's just, I was ill fora long time, miscarriages. Eventually, I was toldwe could never have kids. Mark supported me all through it. But after that, we could never have-- he never, you know, wanted me again. Right. So what happened last night? I know Mark's innocent. It wasn't him driving the car.It was me. Go on. The sports hall is whereRay and I sometimes meet. I'd copied Mark's keys. Ray called out of the blue, a bit after six. He had an hour, he said. I'd walk over normally, didn't want my car seen. But there wasn't time. So I took Mark's car. I thought if anyone saw it,they'd just assume it was him. When I got there, Ray came straight out and asked to borrow my savings. He said he couldn't leave Geraldine coping with all that debt. He was worried she'd go off the rails. I got upset. I accused him of using me. And then we heard like a shout outside, and someone kicking and rattlingat the door trying to get in. These shouts, was it-- was it a man's voice or a woman's? I don't know. I was in such a state,crying and arguing with him. We stayed quiet till we thought they'd gone. And then Ray went to look. He never came back. Eventually, I got up the courage to go outside. But it was too late. Was there-- was there anybody else out there? Are you sure? There was nobody, just Ray on the ground. I panicked. I just wanted to get away. I grabbed my stuff from thesports hall and drove off. What time did Mark get home? After me, not till nine. You do realize, don't you,that if Mark knew about you and Ray, that would be a good reason for him to want to harm him. And if you can't be surethat it wasn't Mark shouting outside the sports hall, then, well, he's got to be our number one suspect. Sargent Turtin said Pettigrewwasn't the cheating type. She's hardly going tomake up an affair, is she? Why use her husband's car and not her own? She says in case anyone spotted it, they'd think it was Turtin,not her, at the sports hall. Turtin is definitely our man. His wife's over the side with a colleague. And he admitted nobody saw him in his office. He could have easily gone over there, grabbed the tool out of the car, whacked Pettigrew, then gone back to work. That's if he knows about the affair. Let's find out. See how he reacts when I tell him. Shirley has been to talk to us, Mark. Did you know she was having anaffair with Raymond Pettigrew? No. Strong motive for murder. If you say so. What do you say? Nobody's perfect. Nothing in this world is perfect. Everybody makes mistakes. We're all punished for them eventually. Life sees to that. I wasn't there. And I didn't kill him. - What did you think? I think he's a goodliar, as well as a killer. You? Definitely the former, andquite possibly the latter. I read the file on the allegations against Pettigrew, by the way. There was nothing in it. That's not the point, is it? Everyone's got the point now. Get some uniforms on house to house. See if any of the neighborsremember seeing anyone on on foot by the sports hall. OK, what are you going to do? Have a chat with Jackie Holroyd. She knows the Turtin's betterthan anyone else around here. You fancy a drink? Can't, got a briefing with Major Fairhead. Is that what you call it these days? I might change my mindabout this jealousy thing. I'm not sure it does suit you after all. It might be aging. Practicing your smile, sir? Go away. I heard you the first time. So go away then! What is it, am I too common for him? No, you just bother away too often. Look who's talking, says the woman who pisses off and leaves her kids. Don't tell me what's right and what's wrong. Don't. And don't you come nearmy son or my house again. Got a problem, Sargent Holroyd?d No. Go on, get out. Any chance for a cup? Through here. I take it you're not overthe moon about Ben and Tracy being an item. They're not going out. They're just mates. I tried not to interfere. But you've only got to look at the kid. Trouble's the air she breathes. What did you want to talk about? Shirley's affair with TSM Pettigrew. Affair, get off, someone'sbeen telling you stories. It was Shirley who told me. What? I'm sorry. I took it for granted you knew. I can't believe she didn't say anything. You have known Mark a long time. Maybe she thought you might take sides. Do you think Mark knew? There is no way Mark killed Ray Pettigrew, even if he did know. How can you be certain? I've known him for nearly 20 years. It's not in him. Take it from me. Shirley has admitted thatshe was hurt and angry with Ray the night he died. Maybe Mark's covering for something she did. Shirley couldn't kill off a game of snap. She says she felt used by Ray. Whatever. Mark and Shirley are good people, kind, normal, responsible people. Do you think I'd leave my kids with him if I didn't know that 100%? I'm off to the village. I'll get fish and chips on the way back. Thanks, love. Wish a man was like that. How many you got? Two girls, two boys. - Husband? - Once upon a time. How'd you hurt your wrist? My car, knackeredbrakes, went into a wall. You going to sue your mechanic? Yeah, I can change atruck engine in a firefight, but give me own car to service. Sorry about before. Mom's stressed. Probably shouldn't have gobbed off. Did you get it? I'm not doing this again. You won't need to after tonight, Babe. Look at them all eyeballing us. It's like being in a foreign country. You aren't eating that. Fish and chips. Mate, we're persona non grata. You don't know what extras they've added. Message from the bass. We're bailing Turnin. What? Lab called, we've got no identified DNA on the body, no usable trace or prints, nothing from door to door. We've got zero to hold him on. Don't shoot the messenger. Where's the boss now? Briefing the major. Debriefing. Leave it. Soon as we get back to it, thesooner we get Turnin back in. Are you leaving all those? Here's the rest of Turnin's file. There's nothing I can see in it. All right, I'll take it home, have a look at it. When we arrested him, did you see the bandage on Jackie Holroyd's wrist? No, but she had a car accident recently. Yeah, that's what she told me. But-- What? She said it was her fault,but I didn't believe her. Sergeant Howard told meit was her son's screw up. He's been fixing cars since he could walk. Apparently, he servicesall the cars on the estate. Are you hungry? We could go and get something to eat. Oh no, I can't. I've got to get back. Anyway, wouldn't that be a conflict of interests? Only if you think I murdered Pettigrew. Oh, shit. What? Lost an earring. God, about the same age as my eldest, Michael. You forget, it's mostlykids who go away to fight. I haven't asked, I've justassumed, you're not going? Not this time. I'm glad. I'm happy you're glad. Can I take advantage of thismoment to ask you out tomorrow? Come to mine, meet the kids. OK. Do they like soldiers? [whistling] You moving in? I thought I'd come prepared tonight. We're going home. Major Tim's letting us go, compassionate leave. I've brought some snacks,and me portable DVD player, and "Bridge Over the River Kwai." Escape Khmer, we're out of here. Enjoy. [buzzing] That will be Richard. Hello. I thought I invited youfor supper, not breakfast. You asked me to brief youbefore I spoke to the press. Is this the ranker? Major Tim Fairhead, SIB. Cool. Come in for a sec. Glad I caught you both. We're needed at the barracks. I'll drive. Comments on the second murder? Poor kid. Do we know what she was doing last night? Turnin told me he was doing the gym at eight to give her a lastshot at the fitness test. No idea what she died of? Could be suicide. She's taken loads ofthat, found near the body, probably liquid methadone. Plenty of dealers supply it to athletes. It helps them work through injuries. It could have beenprescribed for her injury. In an old medicine bottle. She could have done it herself. It's a theory. Or an excuse, just got to make a call. Do we need to talk? Not especially. Well, maybe we should anyway. There's not a lot to talk about. Have you got a problem with the Major? What gave you that idea? Is it personal or professional? Yeah. Did he stay over at yours last night? No, is it any of your business if he did. Well, it depends. If it's affecting your judgment than it's-- Don't patronize me. I'm just trying to tell you that-- I don't want out of house withthe the major or anyone else for that matter. And believe it or not, the rest of the time, I'll get on with the job I'm being paid for. It's not just his job. He's got his own priorities. I'm not going to run off withhim, if that's what you think. Richard, get hold of the pathologist. Without cause of death,we're chasing our own tails. Why would I run off with him? Got a much nicer ass than he has. Do you want a snack, love? You've had no breakfast. No, thank you. You should eat something. I'm OK, thanks. I could do us both a sunny. You go ahead. I'll do two, just in case. I said, I'm not hungry! Is that clear enough for you, Shirley? Shirley? I'm going to need a favor. Turnin said he started thetest at eight o'clock sharp, and he gave away halfway around. Shirley confirmed he got home at nine o'clock, and didn't leave the house after that. Is that Rough's last chance to pass fit? Yeah. Anything? The stuff Rough tookwas definitely methadone, and she took lethal amounts of it. But? But it wasn't necessarilywhat she died of. She was strangled. The doc reckons she was held down or sat on, grabbed by the neck,and forced down her throat. Either way, it's still murder. Two murders. Odds are, they're connected. I had a meeting with Camp Merlin. Did it come with a health warning? She introduced me to thelandlord of the local pub where the squatters do their drinking. He said he had to break up a fight between Mike Blatt and TracyRothbard three nights ago. He said Rough was threatenedto grass him up to Pettigrew if he didn't do something. Lisa, yeah? What have we got? Cash box, it was under Rough's bed. Any cash in it? Better than that, boss. It's Pettigrew's wallet. Which means Rough couldhave killed him and taken the wallet off the body. Or she knew the person who did. What do you want to question us for? We weren't even on base last night. This isn't a formal interview. It's just a chat about Tracey. I've got nothing to say then. Of course, we could makeit official, couldn't we? I don't see why not. I mean, there could even be a charge in it. Withholding evidence. And I'm guessing that you don't get to go overseas with a police record. Hey, that's blackmail. No, it isn't. Is it? No. Not officially. Right, look, I saw Tough onthe pub about eight last night. She was on one, full of howshe was going to pass her test, make my life hell overseas. So me and Cathy went aroundwith my mates up in town to stay out of her way. We didn't get back till dawn. What about the night TSM Pettigrew died between six and nine? Mike was with me the whole time. Went to the village to get tins after work. Come straight back to the block. Didn't leave the party till after nine. I left about five minutes after she did to meet at the sports hall. All right. So what was Rough threateningto tell Pettigrew at the pub the other night when you had your fight? Look, before I joined up,I was a bit of a bad lad. Tough knew a few things. And what did she want you wouldn't give her? A contact. What, drugs? Don't look at me. Who then? What you reckon? I can feel a formal caution coming in. She wasn't hooked on anything. It was-- it was just pillsfor a party of whatever. What about the methadone? She said she knew some bloke in town. She told me last night she hadenough to make sure she passed. The base was on lockdown till about 8. How did she get it? She never said. I knew, though. There was no one else mugenough to take the risk for her. Can't stay away, can you? Look for Ben. He's not here. He left a note. He's taken Beth skating. Have they got the mobiles? No, they don't take the mobiles skating. You heard about Tracy Rough? I've heard. Drugs overdose. So? Sorry, Jackie, but we think it might have been Ben who got the drugs for her. There's no sign ofthem at the skating rink. They've probably gone shoppingor for a coffee somewhere. What time they do that? Tea is at half seven. No drugs in his room, boss. I told you. And there's no problem between Ben and Beth? Ben loves Ben, and he'slooked after all his life. Nothing will change that. Just call when they get back. What are you thinking? I don't know. Maybe there are two killers. But seeming for themoment, there's only one. And which of our suspectswould have motive to kill both? For instance, if Ben did killTracy over drugs or something, then why on Earth wouldhe want to kill Pettigrew? Pass. There's Blatt, his alibi for both nights. What if Covington was lying? Motive? That leaves Turtin. He killed Tracy because shefound out he killed Pettigrew? Got no proof for any of this. March! Left, right, left, right! Pick up the step in the middle! What's all this for? You're cooking me supper later. You OK? Yeah, yeah. Just keep thinking I'm missing something here. Consolation prize. If this is a bribe, you'd beenbetter off saving it for later. Well, it's only partly a bribe. Well, that's all right then. God, they're lovely, muchnicer than the ones I lost. Thanks. I've had orders Janine. I'm being posted back overseas. I know we haven't had much time. But I was thinking we couldemail, talk on the phone. Are you asking me to wait for you? Will you think about it? Something is kicking off in the hall. Hello? They've gone. They've taken cash from the housekeeping. Their bags are missing. Beth has even taken her inhalers. I didn't even think to look until now. What is happening? What the hell is happening? I want to go home. We can't go home. I've told you, Beth. This is the only way. Just stick to the plan, OK? Trust me. OK. I've got teams out all overthe base and on the estate. They've only got a couple of quid on them. They can't get that far. Do we know that Beth is safe with Ben? Jackie insists she is. Where's Mark? He'll be over in a bit. One of us should be out there looking. Nothing yet. I'll make some tea. Jackie, is there any hide away you know of, a place they feel safe in, a relative? Is there any chance they might be with their dad? Not if they saw him first. Beth was a baby, but Ben saw too much of what he did to me when he was drunk. Got no idea where he is,bottom of a bottle somewhere. What about if Benthought he was in trouble? Would Beth want to go with him? Or maybe he made her go? Ben couldn't make Beth do anything. You got it wrong, you know? Ben has never been involved in drugs. Maybe he's just trying to help out a friend. Help? The poor little cow's dead. How is that helping her? I just want him found. Jackie, why did you tellme that the car accident was your fault and not Ben's? Because I'm not sure it was an accident. Ben's had trouble thistime with the deployment. I don't know why. He's always been a tough guy before. Last time he serviced my car, soon as I set off, the brakes failed, no brake fluid. Ben knew from Tracy that even a minor injury would stop me from going. Is that why they've runoff, to stop you from going? No, I don't know. Ben's had his problems. But he's not a liar or a coward. And he'll always make sure Beth is safe. Whatever has happened, he'lldo the right thing in the end. We've completed the search. They're not in both. We've got patrols all over the area. Nothing at the CCTV at the skating rink? They never went there. We did get a call from the pathologist. Tracy Rough was wearing a necklace when she was strangled. There was a mark on herneck, no sign of it anywhere. Got to find those kids. We could let the press run with it. Ben's obviously canny enoughto stay away from the police. But they're not invisible. Best idea you've had yet. In the latest twist to thedouble murder at the barracks, two children of a serving soldier have been discovered missing from their home, here behind me on the Army'snearby married person's estate. Major Fairhead, you'rethe senior military police officer on the base. Can you tell us the lateston their whereabouts? We have just completed a search of the base with no results. But we do have reason to believe that they are still in the area. Although there's no-- I'm going back over to sit with Jackie. [phone ringing] Mark Turtin. Beth, is that you? Are you all right? Where are you, love? You've got to help me, Uncle Mark. It's Ben. I think he's gone crazy. Where's he off to? Jackie wants him out looking for the kids. Who's car is that? His wife's. We've been so stupid. Shirley told us she took Mark's car the night Pettigrew was murdered sothat anyone would think it was Mark at the sports hall? So isn't it possible that's exactly what the killer thought? He or she is out looking for Mark Turtin, they go to the sports hall, see the car. When Pettigrew comes out, the killer assumes it will be Mark Turtin. We know Pettigrew was hit from behind. OK, So what does that give us? A whole new case to build. No, no, no, no, Richard you said it yourself. Odds are, the two murders are connected. So if Turtin is the intendedvictim, which of our suspects has motive? It's unlikely to be Ben,Turtin was like a dad to him. Yeah, but we know that mostmurders are family affairs. I've said from the beginning this feels a lot like a domestic. If Ben was a killer, then Turtin's still in danger from him. So is Beth. Get a car out looking for him. Must be quite a challenge,looking after Jackie's kids while she's away. No, they're great. And we've always been closefrom when they were tiny. What about Mark and Ben? Men and teenage boys canoften lock horns, can't they? No, they got on fine, don't they Shirl? Better than fine. Would you know, though, Jackie? And if Ben had a problem with Mark, it might explain why he's sokeen to stop you going away. I stand a good chance of being seriously injured or killed in thenext six months, DCI Lewis. Does he need another reason? Beth? Beth? You've killed him, Ben. He's not dead. You said we were going to make him talk. I want Mom. No. Ben, please, I'm going. You can't, Beth! If you go now, they won't believe us. I'm scared. We'll be fine. I don't want to do this anymore. Beth! Beth! OK, Lisa, all right, thanks. Still no sighting. If Ben's our killer and he'splanning to kill Turtin, why take Beth with him? Maybe they're in it together. No, I don't see it. Ben goes to the sports hall that night. He's pretty sure Turtin is there. Shirley said he heard himshouting trying to get in. He must have heard her argument, her crying. So he knows Turtin's not alone. Hang on a sec. Boss, Shirley Turtin's carhas been spotted on the far side of the woods, empty. Is Mark in more trouble? What's going on? We don't know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry! It's all right. Thank God. Where's Beth? What are you going to do with that? I want to hear you confess. Admit what you did to my sister. I didn't do anything-- Don't lie! I'll hit you if you lie. It started with little things, compliments. One day, I got home fromschool, said he had to drop this box off for something. That's when-- the first time. Why didn't you tell me? At first, it was sort of, I don't know-- Flattering. But the last time, I didn't like it. I asked him to stop. He got angry with me then. I never seen him act angry before. I told Ben what I'd done because I didn't think you'd believe me. Ben never meant to kill that other man. I told him where Uncle Mark took me. He thought, you know, it was happening again. Is that why you both ran away? Ben said if he was arrestedthere'd be no one to stop Uncle Mark from hurting me again. We were going to make himconfess, and go to the police. But Ben never told me he was going to hurt him. Right, where are they now, sweetheart? Found this in your pocket. It's Tracy's. Where did you get this? Just let me go, and call the police. Where did you get the necklace? Just go-- Tell me what you did to Tracy you bastard! I'll go in on my own. No way, you're a bloke and you're in uniform. They'll feel less threatened by me. Makes sense, sir. - I'll go with you. - No, same goes for you. Ben? It's Janine Lewis. I want to come in and talk to you. Stay away. I can't do that. We know about your Uncle Mark. And we know what he's done to Beth. We know you didn't mean to hurt TSM Pettigrew. So if you stop now, thenwe can sort something out. Yeah. Yeah, I'll get a medal and a day off school. What you did was wrong. But I know you were just trying to protect Beth. I did a good job, didn't I? It's done now. Beth is safe. Nothing left to prove. He killed Tracy. He hurt my sister. He's ruined our lives. He'll be punished for it, every day of his. It's my fault that Tracy died. If I hadn't told her about Uncle Mark, if I hadn't got that stuff for her, then she wouldn't have triedto have blackmailed him. I'm glad you're safe. I'm happy you're glad. You're not going to bemy girl back home, are you? You could get killed out there. I'm very health and safety conscious. I'm not sure I'm brave enoughto find out if you're right. I'm not sure my kids are either. You can change your mind at any time. Boss, lab has just called. They've got Turtin's DNA on Rough's body. Thank you. She's good, your governor,not a bad team she's got either. There's one thing we agree on. You're not so badyourself, as it turns out. I'm going to quit while I'm ahead, and take that as a compliment. How's it going? I'm knackered, just trying to game myself up for these interviews. OK, how about we leave itfor the night and let it stew? Rough was blackmailing him about Beth. And that's why he killed her. We'll charge them in the morning. Yeah, OK. So is it serious with you and the major? No, it's not really going anywhere. Shame. I'll have to go back tochecking out the single dads at parent's evening. You can do better than that. You offering? In your dreams. I got the best ass inManchester, you remember. I said that to cheer you up. I've seen you looking. - What? - I have. Have not. - Checked it out 10 minutes ago.- I've never. Yes, you did. Never. I'm not interested. [music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 