Batman: The Animated Series: Season 1, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Batman: The Animated Series 
 s1e17 - Two-Face Part I - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Batman: The Animated Series (1992–1995): Season 1, Episode 17 - Two-Face Part I - full transcript 
 On the election trail, Harvey Dent gradually loses control of his repressed evil alternate personality until gangster Rupert Thorne inadvertently unleashes it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) (BREATHING HEAVILY) (GHOSTLY VOICE) Harvey. Harvey Dent. No! Keep away! Leave me alone! (LAUGHING) Where are you going, Harvey? You can't get away from me. (SCREAMS) See what I mean? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Stay away. I want no part of you. No. Stop it! Stop it, I said. It's time, Harvey. It's time. No! It's time, Harvey. It's time. Oh, Carlos. It's you. - Are you okay, Harvey? - Yeah. I must've fallen asleep. I had a bad dream. Well, you better wake up. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Gordon called. They started the raid. Let's go. (POLICE SIREN BLARING) This is Police Commissioner Gordon. We have you surrounded. Come out with your hands up, and no one will get hurt. Count hard, Gordon! Hey, Jim. How's it going? (GUN FIRES) Could be better. Sir, the SWAT team is in place. All right, but wait for my order. THUG 1: This oughta blow a hole in their little barricade. Help me get it up to the window. THUG 2: Hey! They're starting to move. THUG 1: Let 'em try. There ain't nobody that can get in here alive. (GRUNTS) Uh... Oh, Frankie. All units, stand by. Get ready. Set-- (GASPING) (SCREAMING) Hold your fire. THUG 1: It's him! THUG 2: It's him! Watch out! (CRIES OUT) What's going on in there? Looks like they've got a case of bat infestation. - We give up. - Let us out. - Help. - Get me out of here. As your District Attorney, I would like to commend Commissioner Gordon and his men for their fine work. And thank you. Mr. Dent, is it true that you were the one who planned this raid? Yes, and I'm glad to say that another one of Rupert Thorne's criminal rings has now been broken. (CAMERA SH UTTERS CLICKING) As I stated in my re-election campaign, I will not rest until Gotham City has been de-Thorned once and for all. (CROWD APPLAUDING) You talk big, pretty boy. But you ain't gonna be when Mr. Thorne gets through with you. He chews up and spits out creeps like you for breakfast. All right. That's enough out of you. (LAUGHING MALICIOUSLY) (GROWLS) Hey! You little weasel, I'll tear you apart. Help! Get him off. He's crazy. Someone get him off me. Hey, give me some help here. Kick mud in my face, will ya? Help! Harvey! Get a hold of yourself. Jim, I... lull Come on. You don't need this kind of publicity. The guy's a maniac. He's the one who should be going to jail. What in the name of heaven did you think you were doing? I don't know. I guess he just pressed the right button. That's one heck of a button. REPORTER: Well, it was another wild night in East Gotham. As police intercepted an arm shipment which District Attorney Harvey Dent is trying to connect to Rupert Thorne. Hey, nice tie, boss. Unfortunately, Handsome Harvey earned a new nickname tonight, "Hot-head Harvey" when he attacked one of the suspects. Get him off. He's crazy. My, this guy is crazy. Yeah, crazy like a fox. That little tantrum probably bought him another 10,000 votes. So, how about we see how far he can swim in a cement suit? And bring the heat down on us even more? Uh-uh. I want this one in my pocket, boys. We need to dig up some dirt on our dashing DA. Something really juicy. Well, I'm afraid that's going to be a problem. Dent's so clean, he squeaks. Just stay on his tail, Candice. All men have something to hide. The brighter the picture, the darker the negative. (PEOPLE APPLAUDING) If we want to make this city safe again, then we have to come down hard on these criminals. I will not see the people of Gotham... Bruce, it was so nice of you to sponsor this fundraiser for Harvey. Well, Harvey and I go way back. He's a great DA. And an even better friend. Though lately, he seems awfully intense. Is he all right, Grace? That incident on TV... I think the pressures of the campaign get to him sometimes, that's all. Yeah, I guess so. Lately, he doesn't seem himself. Oh, Mr. Dent, I want you to know that I voted for you two times. Well, ma'am, I trust it was in two separate elections. (CROWD LAUGHING) GRACE: Mr. Dent, I have a question. When are you going to marry that gorgeous fiancée of yours? (CROWD LAUGHING) Better marry her soon, Haw, or I just might steal her away myself. You do and I'll prosecute. (CROWD LAUGHING) Harvey, you better look at this. The judge just threw out the case against Thorne's men. But... But why? CARLOS: The warrant wasn't complete. The judge said he had no choice. He had to let them go. Had to? But... But... No! I spent three months on that raid. He can't overturn. The fool. He's been bought. Like all the rest! Haw, take it easy. This kind of behavior doesn't go over well with the voters. Let go of me, you rich twit. (GASPS) Harvey? Grace? Bruce? I'm sorry. I don't know what... Excuse me. (CROWD MURMURING) HARVEY: I just flew off the handle, that's all. Don't worry. I've got it under control. Harvey, you didn't just lose your temper out there. You were like another person. I said I was sorry. Maybe you should get some help. He already is. Grace. Darling, Bruce is your friend. Don't be embarrassed. Lots of people see psychiatrists, Harv. Not when they're running for public office. You know how some voters feel about shrinks. Well, I for one, am proud of you and relieved. It takes a strong man to admit when he has a problem. Yeah, yeah, just keep it under your hat, okay? Don't worry. If there's anything I know, it's how to keep a secret. (THUNDERING) PSYCHIATRIST: You are now in a deep sleep. Can you hear me? Mmm-hmm. Good. Now, Harvey, I would like to speak with your other personality. I would like to talk with Big Bad Harv. (THUNDER CRACKS) I don't think he wants to talk. He must if we are to help you. Please try. Big Bad Harv? Speaking. It appears you and Harvey are having trouble again. The guy's a wimp. Well, Harvey has special problems. When he was young, he felt very guilty about his angry feelings. So guilty, that he hid them deep inside until they became an illness. You, Big Bad Harv, represent these angry feelings. Everyone feels anger and it does no harm. As long as it doesn't result in bad behavior. Once Harvey understands this-- Then maybe I'll go away, right? Well... I'm going nowhere, missy! If anyone's leaving, it's Mr. Goody Good. And maybe you with him. (WHIMPERS) Did I do this? (SIGHS WEARILY) Not you, but your other personality. It's stronger than I suspected. What am I gonna do? I've always been able to repress him before. Harvey, I want you to admit yourself to the psychiatric ward over at County General for a few days. No way, Doc. You know I'm trying to get re-elected. You're also trying to save your sanity. Isn't there any other way? Please. Well, I suppose if you cut back on campaigning and intensified our sessions, we might be able to-- Great. I'll do it. You just set up the schedule and I'll be here. Just so long as we keep all of this a secret. Ladies and gentlemen, according to the latest count, Harvey Dent is receiving a mandate from the people of Gotham City in the form of a landslide. (CHEERING) Now, now, let's wait until all the returns are in. Congratulations, Harv. You're looking pretty calm and collected. I told ya I could handle myself. In fact, I'm in such good spirits, I might announce a certain wedding date this evening. Oh Harvey, do you mean it? It's part of my acceptance speech. Uh, sorry, Haw, phone ca“. Hold those lips. I'll be right back. - Hello? -Congratulations, Harvey. This is Thorne. Rupert Thorne. What do you want, you slime? Now, now, is that any way to talk to a man who's about to make you a deal? I'm not interested in your deals, Thorne. Oh, I think you will be. Unless of course, you'd rather I speak with Big Bad Harv. Or perhaps, you'd prefer I speak to the press first. - What do you want? - There's a limo waiting in the alley. Take it while you still have a career ahead of ya. Darling, is something wrong? No. I have to see someone. Would you mind looking after our guests? But the returns are just coming in. (ANGRILY) I won't be long. Thank you, darling. -(GIGGLING) -(LAUGHING) - Excuse me. - Wait. Hey, Harv, what's up? A surprise meeting. That's all. Now? With who? Just mind your own business, all right? You're in trouble, aren't you? My friend, you don't know the half of it. (TIRES SCREECH) (BEEPING) (TRACKER BEEPING) (BEEPING) HARVEY: Stealing someone's psychiatric file is pretty low, Thorne. Even for a swine like you. THORNE: But it makes for such fascinating reading. Listen to this, boys. It says here, when Harvey was a little boy, he was bothered by a bully. Every day, the bully would bug him after school, until one day little Harvey got so mad, he slugged him one. ALL: Ooh! THORNE: Of course, the bully ran away, which made little Harvey feel very proud. Until he heard the bully was in the hospital. That was some punch. That's what Harvey thought. Except the guy was in the hospital for appendicitis. But poor Harvey felt so guilty, he never showed his anger again. And that was the start of... Big...Bad...Harv. (THORNE CHUCKLES) What do you want? Just a few favors from the DA's office. You're dreaming. Otherwise, as a concerned citizen, I'd feel compelled to give this to the press. After all, the people of Gotham have a right to know the kind of person... Or should I say "persons" they've elected. (ALL LAUGHING) So, what do you say, Harvey? Do we have a deal? There's just one problem. What's that? You're talking to the wrong Harvey. Get off of me. No, Dent! Let's get out of here. Get away from me! Thorne is mine. Get them. - Come on, let's get him. - I got him. (THUGS GROANING) Wild. TWO-FACE: Give me that file. I'll get him! BATMAN: Look out, Dent. (ELECTRICITY BUZZING) (LOUD EXPLOSION) Harvey! Harvey. No. GRACE: Doctor, will he be all right? He'll pull through. He's lucky Batman got him here so quickly. BRUCE: What about his face? That's a different matter. A good plastic surgeon should be able to repair most of the physical scars. I'm more worried about the mental scars. Looks like Dent's finally out of your hair. THORNE: I wish I could be sure of that. DOCTOR: Now, you understand there's going to be some scarring. But I've already scheduled a surgery. (NURSE GASPS) HARVEY: Give me a mirror. Harvey, maybe you should wait until-- I said, give me a mirror. NOW! (POT SHATTERS) (HARVEY SCREAMS IN HORROR) (LOUD THUNDERING) Harvey, what happened? Harvey... Goodbye, Grace. (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) English - SDH 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 