Batman: The Animated Series: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Batman: The Animated Series 
 s1e1 - The Cat and the Claw Part I - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Batman: The Animated Series (1992–1995): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Cat and the Claw Part I - full transcript 
 Catwoman and Batman join forces in an attempt to foil the evil forces of a terrorist by the name of Red Claw. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) (LOUD SNORES) Now, Isis, my sweet. (YAWNS) Perfect, my love. Let's go home. So, our new cat burglar is a woman. Hmm. Probably my imagination. Probably not. (YOWLS) (HISSING) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Magnificent. I suggest you save the flattery for the judge. So long, Dark Knight. BATMAN: Drop in anytime. (YOWLS) You're too kind. (YELLS) (HISSES) I'll have to try and trim those claws. (GRUNTS) - TIRES SCREECH - (YOWLS) Left you behind, did she? (INAUDIBLE) (MEOWS) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (WHISTLES) Thanks for the memento. Next, we 'II be auctioning off a date with Gotham 's most eligible bachelor, - Mr. Bruce Wayne! - (CROWD MURMURING) Uh, if Mr. Wayne would be good enough to step up. Now, now, don't be shy. Ah, there he is. -Oh, Bruce! -l'm so happy to see you. Where've you been? -You look handsome. -You look wonderful. Ooh! Have I missed you. I've been pinching my pennies for you. Uh... Excuse me, ladies. Remember, we 'Ve got lots of animals to save, so we 're going to start the bidding at $500. -Five hundred. -Six hundred. We have six. Do I hear seven? -Seven hundred. -Eight. One thousand. Well, well. That's 1,000. Going once, going twice... SELINA: $10,000. (PEOPLE GASPING) (CROWD WHISPERING) Uh, do I hear any more bids? Then sold, for $10,000, to... Ms. Selina Kyle. Oh, wow. I've never seen her before. Rumor has it she's a wildlife nut. She's supposed to be sponsoring a mountain lion preserve outside Gotham. It's a pleasure. Thank you. (WOMAN CLEARS THROAT) Uh, Mr. Wayne, my secretary, Maven. How do you do? Uh... Please. "Bruce." I'm very flattered. Please understand, it's purely for the animals, Mr. Wayne. You're off the hook. But you're not. I beg your pardon? You bought a date, and I'm honor-bound, and delighted to deliver. I warn you, I'm not a man who gives up easily. All right. Lunch, then. (GUNSHOTS) (POLICE SIRENS BLARING) I wonder what's going on Oh! Where'd he go? (TIRES SCREECHING) (SIRENS APPROACHING) Watch yourselves, men. These guys are crazy. -Thanks, friend. -BATMAN: What's going down? This morning, I get a warning from the Feds. Red Claw is in Gotham. Now, this. -Any leads? -Nothing. Red Claw is the most ruthless terrorist leader in the world. And we don't even have a picture of the guy. I'll see what I can do from my end. Good. There's no telling what they're up to. Nothing is safe with these savages in town. Aren't you even a little excited about your date? I mean, Bruce Wayne is tall, dark and disgustingly rich. I'd rather it were Batman. (SIGHS) You should have seen him, Maven. He had the eyes of a lion. (DOORBELL BUZZES) Yes? MAN: A Mr. Bruce Wayne is on his way up. Here we go. (TELEPHONE RINGING) Come on, Selina, at least he's a good connection. You might be able to use him. -HeHo? -SELINA: Yes, I know. I suppose you're right. Still, I wish it were Batman standing behind this door. Bruce, how wonderful to see you. Please, come in. You're even more stunning than I remember. I'll just put these in some water. Selina, it's your lawyer. He says the deal is off. What? Give me that. Martin, what happened? That's ridiculous. You tell him I want to meet with him! No, today! He can't sell to Multigon! We had an agreement! -Uh, nice flowers. -What's going on? Selina was negotiating for land for a wildlife preserve. Some cartel just muscled her out of the deal. SELINA: What do you mean he won't take your calls? You go there, and kick down the door if you have to! I want that land for the mountain lions. (SIGHS WEARILY) I'm afraid I'm not going to be very good company. -ls there anything I can do? -Not really. Unless you can get me a meeting with the chairman of Multigon International. What time's good for you? Hey, I'm starting to like this guy. Really, Wayne, I do wish there was something I could do for you and your lovely friend, but the deal is quite set. (PLAYING TUNE) You see, we're committed to building a major resort. Golf course, tennis courts, bocce ball, the whole shot. Thafsinsane! The land is in the middle of nowhere. It's worthless except to wildcats. My dear, you just don't understand development potential. As for the cats, Multigon will take care of them. One way or another. Now, if you'll excuse me, I've given you all the time I can spare. Oh, you'll find more time for me, Mr. Stern! Before I'm through, I'll have every environmental group and animal rights activist breathing down your neck. They'll be looking at you, and your project, so closely, you'll feel like a bug in a bell jar. Have a nice day. I'm afraid that Selina Kyle may be trouble. We've come too far to have our plans jeopardized by some environmental fanatic. Have someone keep an eye on Ms. Kyle. I'm afraid I wasn't much help after all. Well, at least now I know what their cover story is. You know, it's awfully late for lunch. Would you mind if I took a rain check on our date? Please? Okay. -Tomorrow? -Thanks. That'll give me time to take care of some business tonight. Actually, I plan to work late myself. And so, boys, we got to increase our cut in the gambling operations. Anybody got a problem with that? (GASPS) (GRUNTS) Back off, boys. I want a word with your boss. But you can listen. What do you want? What do you know about Red Claw? Why are you asking us? We're no terrorists. You're still scum. And you hear things I don't. I want Red Claw. And until I get him, I'm going to lean extra hard on you, and all the other mob bosses. If you think I've been bad news before... I get the picture. I'll see what I can do. If Stern won't admit what's going on, we'll have to find out for ourselves. Despite our loss of arms, thanks to Batman's interference, we're going to proceed according to plan. (DOOR OPENS) Tomorrow at 2300 hours, a train under military escort will pass through Gotham. It will be transporting a strain of viral plague that Interpol confiscated from our eastern laboratories. I cannot overemphasize the importance of that plague to our cause. CATWOMAN: All clear? (MEOWS) I believe Beethoven's Ode to Joy will do the trick. (PLAYING TUNE) Remind me to thank Mama for the piano lessons. (CONTINUES PLAYING TUNE) (MEOWS) (YOWLS) Outstanding. We'll hit the train outside the city, at this point. (ALARMS BEEPING) What is that? A cat at the end of its nine lives. Let's go. (MEOWING) All right, I'm done. (DOOR RATTLES) She's in the ventilation system. I think we're in over our heads. Ow, ow, ow! Ah! (MEOWS LOUDLY) CATWOMAN: Detour. THUG: She's down here! Hurry! Going up. Hang on, Isis. Isis, jump! (SCREAMS) My hero. That was for saving my cat. Is that all it was for? -Maybe not. -I heard gunfire. Occupational hazard. Let's keep the mystery. If I don't unmask you, the police will. PoHce? Don't be silly. You can't deny there's something between us. You're right. And I'm afraid it's the law. I'm sorry. Never trifle with the affections of a woman. Until next time. And there will be a next time. (RUSTLING) Oh. Tough night? It had its ups and downs. But I did get pictures of the fun family-resort site. It looks like there's some kind of abandoned military facility, underground. Very interesting. (OVER HEADPHONES) We may save those mountain lions yet. But who is going to save you? (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) English - SDH 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 