Batman: The Animated Series: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Batman: The Animated Series 
 s1e3 - Heart of Ice - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Batman: The Animated Series (1992–1995): Season 1, Episode 3 - Heart of Ice - full transcript 
 Batman must stop a vengeful Mr. Freeze from fulfilling his vendetta against a callous businessman. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 THEME MUSIC PLAYING FREEZE: This is how I'll always remember you. Surrounded by winter, forever young, forever beautiful. Rest well, my love. The monster who took you from me will soon learn that revenge is a dish best served cold. In the midst of the hottest August on record, a rash of bizarre cold-related crimes 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 have chilled Gotham to the bone. Once again, the target is a GothCorp facility attacked by an assailant wielding what witnesses called a "freezing gun. " The attacker's motives remain unclear. We spoke earlier with GothCorp CEO Ferris Boyle, who offered these comments. I don't know what this person has against GothCorp But we 'Ve always looked upon ourselves as the people company. If this man has a problem, we 're willing to listen. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A heartfelt plea from the chairman of GothCorp, the people company. This is Summer Gleeson for Gotham Insider. -MUSIC PLAYING -Hey, get out of here! Taking up video games, are we, sir? I've accessed police files on the GothCorp raids. These are the stolen objects. They don't look like much alone, but in this configuration... My word. They combine into a massive weapon able to generate intense cold. There's still one component missing, and only one GothCorp plant makes it. Halt. Stay where you are. -ALL SHOUTING -MAN: Look out! TIRES SCREECHING We got company. FREEZE: Keep your mind on your business. l'|| handle this. TIRES SCREECHING ENGINE REVVING TIRES SCREECHING ALARM BLARING Load those canisters. Hurry. Are you done? All set. CRIES OUT GASPS The Batman! Put me down! YELLS MEN GRUNTING Freeze. That's "Mr. Freeze" to you. This is a personal vendetta. It doesn't concern you. It's my concern now. Since you ally yourself with my enemies, you leave me no choice. Ahhh! Johnny! SHUDDERING Take it easy, man. I got you. FREEZE: Leave him. He should have been more careful. Now he's paid the price for his incompetence. But he's one of us. Then perhaps you'd like to share his fate. 3033 Don't leave me. Please! Please! Come back! GRUNTING MAN: Help! Please! Cold... So cold. I must say, you're showing a surprising amount of compassion for that man considering he would surely have left you to die in his place. 4CRACKUNG -WHIRRING POWERING DOWN SNIFFLES With all the compartments on your belt, you'd think there'd be one for tissues. SNIFFS Thanks. -BLOWS NOSE -BEEPING He's pulling through. The hot chemical bath did the trick. SNEEZES LOUDLY You could use a hot bath yourself. SNIFFS I can't worry about a cold now. After Batman drops our unconscious guest at police headquarters... COUGHS Bruce Wayne has got a meeting with Mr. Ferris Boyle. Bruce Wayne. It's been forever. How have you been? Still the terror of the Gotham night scene? BRUCE COUGHING I get around. Speaking of terror, what's this about someone causing trouble for GothCorp? You got me. Some fruitcake has it out for my company. I don't know why. Maybe it's an investor who lost money. COUGHS Or an angry ex-employee. There's only one man who'd hate GothCorp that much, if he were alive. -Who? -One of our scientists. An obsessed wacko. He was caught using company equipment for personal reasons. I had to send my security men in. There was a fight, an explosion. We lost him. What was he doing? Wasting company money. My money! Look, Bruce. That "people company" line is great PR. But when the wage-slaves start acting like they own the place, it's time to pull the plug. -Know what I mean? -INTERCOM BUZZES SECRETARY: Sir, the humanitarian committee is here. I'll be right out. We're hosting a ceremony tonight for Gotham's Humanitarian lndustrialist of the Year. Guess who's winning? Ifeel ill. Excuse me, Ferris. My cold. Congratulations on your award. I'm sure it's well-deserved. FERRIS: And I want to say that these unwarranted attacks against GothCorp have in no way changed our personal commitment to the community. Inspirational words from Gotham 's Humanitarian Industrialist of the Year. FREEZE: Humanity. Compassion. Charity. Where were those pretty words when she needed to hear them? Faster. The cannon must be completed tonight. l have my own warm wishes to bestow on Mr. Boyle. BATMAN: When Ferris mentioned that explosion, I remembered this headline from last year Does it say what caused the accident? And I suspect that's the reason for the cover-up. I won't know for sure until I check GothCorp's classified files. COUGHS If you're going to go sneaking around a crowded office building, you'll need this. Knockout gas? Chicken soup. The only way to fight a cold. CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING GUARD SIGHS GASPS Mr. Boyle sent me to fill in. Enjoy yourself at the party, with his compliments. Hey, great. SNEEZES -You okay? -l'm fine. Take off. HUMMING HAPPILY LOCK CLICKS My name is Dr. Victor Fries. I am recording what I pray will be mankind 's first step toward immortality. Behind me you see the CC-100... A cryogenic freezing chamber of my own design. I created it for the express purpose of freezing subjects stricken with inoperable ailments. Subjects like my own beloved wife, Nora. Once a remedy has been found-- KNOB RATTLING FERRIS: Open this door! Open it now! Get away from that equipment! Shut this stuff down. Stop! This is my experiment! Your unauthorized experiment. I ordered funding suspended weeks ago. I'm already three million in debt, thanks to you. You can't stop it now. My wife is in there. So bring her out. You can't interrupt the process now. Open it. It's her only chance. This is my equipment! Mine! I have every legal right to use it or not use it as I see fit. say this project ends now! Stay away from her, murderer. Victor... I 'm sorry. I lost my temper. It doesn't have to come to this. We can talk. GRUNTS YELLS Get out! Get out! Nora! Nora! My God. FREEZE: Yes... It would move me to tears if I still had tears to shed. The snow is beautiful, don't you think? Clean, uncompromising... And cold. Like the swift hand ofvengeance. I saw what happened to your wife. I'm sorry. I'm beyond emotions. They've been frozen dead in me. That suit you wear... A result of the coolant? Very good. A detective to the last. I can no longer survive out of a sub-zero environment. Tonight, I mean to pay back the man who ruined my life. Our lives. Even if you have to kill everyone in the building to do it? Think of it, Batman. To never again walk on a summer's day with a hot wind in your face and a warm hand to hold. Oh, yes. I'd kill for that. Let's go. GRUNTING Huh? Keys? Seal the building. MACHINE WHIRRING COUGHING BREATHING HEAVILY CRACKUNG Higher. Higher. Let the evil that walks inside be cleansed by pure, unforgiving ice. And so it gives me great pleasure to present this well-deserved award to-- GLASS BREAKING WIND WHISTLING PEOPLE GASPING Double the power. Huh? GRUNTS GRUNTS I will finish this. PANICKED CHATTER The cold eyes of vengeance are upon you, Boyle. Who... Who are you? Come, now. Surely you remember your old colleague Victor Fries. GROANS Stop. Please. I beg you. You beg? In my nightmares, I see my Nora behind the glass, begging to me with frozen eyes. How I've longed to see that look frozen on you. The advanced circuitry that powers my suit also triples my strength. Sooner or later, all who stand in my way must feel the icy touch of death. BATMAN STRAINING GRUNTS Ugh. What was that stuff? The only way to fight a cold. DISTORTED It can't end this way. Vengeance... BATMAN: No. Jusﬂce. A year ago, Ferris Boyle interrupted an experiment, and in the process destroyed two lives. Here's the evidence. Good night, humanitarian. I failed you. I wish there were another way for me to say it. But I cannot. I can only beg your forgiveness and pray you hear me somehow... Someplace... Someplace where a warm hand waits for mine. THEME MUSIC PLAYING English - SDH 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 