Spartacus: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Spartacus 
 s1e10 - Party Favors - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Spartacus (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 10 - Party Favors - full transcript 
 Numerious, the Magistrate's son, is about to celebrate his birthday and the celebration will be at the house of Batiatus, so he decides to have Crixus and Spartacus facing each other in a ... 
 
 Download 
   I can control her. She had her own man make an attempt on Spartacus under our very roof. Spartacus inflames her beyond reason. His treachery dishonored Rome. It is your husband who bares the dishonor. I can think of nothing else. Of brutish hands being laid upon me. Necessity dictates we give her Crixus. Make the arrangements. Apologies, Licinia we appear to have arrived to before Ilithyia's finished with Spartacus. Will this not set every tongue in roman wagging? Stop laughing! This will be our little secret. They roar your name. Soon they shall roar yours as well. Or mourn it, if your mind is absent the task. I'm yet to have word on my wife and son... I will not fight alongside a man who is not clear to his purpose. I am clear. My purpose is blood. Shield!! Even chained to an inferior gladiator, Spartacus prevails! One would expect no less from the champion of Capua! See how he ignites the crowd! His presence at your son's birthday will be the talk of the Republic. A far cry from my own fifteenth year. When I put on the toga virilis and passed into manhood, it was a stuffy, formal ceremony ridden with corpses and hags. My father deemed himself an orator. Lulled our guests to slumber, some never to awaken! We would not have it so for Numerius. He's been clamoring for a pair of your finest, to battle in exhibition at his celebration. We would see him well satisfied. And by extension his noble father. Though thought strikes if you hold the celebration beneath my humble roof, then your boy can bear close witness to all my gladiators. Could we, father? Please! And the extra cost for such generosity? A favor between friends. Received with much gratitude! You're next Spartacus. Come here. Are you certain it won't cause imposition? Place it from your thoughts. A boy becomes a man but once in his life. He should be richly indulged in his interests. He never ceases to tire of the games. He's of the same obsessive ilk as Ilithyia regarding blood and sport. Her absence comes as surprise. Has she returned to Rome, absent farewells? She has been feeling... Unwell. Nothing serious, I hope? It will pass, as all things born of a weak stomach. His armor gives pause. Then we shall aim higher. Pull! I've never seen anything like it! Get up. It pains me to watch others claim your laurels. Your pain shall increase if you continue to stand beside me. - You fought well today. - The gods favored me, to count you as ally. Their favor extends beyond the arena. I feared I would never hold you again. Ashur said he found only blood when I sent him to you with message. - Titus had returned. - Did he hurt you? I will see his heart from his chest... The blood was not mine. I cut him, deep and low. He will never force himself on a woman again. Afterwards I sought refuge with my brother's family, in the hills. The slave girl found me there, by Spartacus' direction. Thank the gods you're safe. Where were they when Titus first laid hands on me? I still carry his child. Nothings changed, Varro. The entire world has changed. And I along with it. The child. It springs from your belly, a part of you. I would love it as such... If you would have it so. Your absence was noticed. Absence...? The games. You were supposed to join us. I could not face prying eyes. One look into mine and they would have full knowledge. Licinia's blood... Her skull steeped between my fingers... Jupiter's cock, would you come to grips! Licinia's murder and your part in it, have been concealed. The truth will only unfold if, if your jaw splits and your tongue unfurls in song. Would you have me do? Appear yourself, absent conscience of deeds unknown. The magistrate's celebration provides a perfect opportunity. The venue turns to my husband as host. You won't even have to move from under this roof, my hand ever present to steady your resolve. You will guide me through this? As trusted friend. And as such, I require favor. We would swell the ranks of celebration with these noble citizens. Ones I am certain would accept invite from the daughter of senator Albinius. Gather yourself. And see it done. I owe you more than I can ever repay. If you had not sent Mira to find my wife... She has taken you back, then? And I will yet be the man she deserves. If not, I shall remind you of your shortcomings. It lifts the heart. To see a man reunited with his woman. Now you'll have someone to weep for you when you die. If I fall, it will be in the arena. As a gladiator. You remember what that is like, do you not? You are summoned. We are to fight each other? Numerius has chosen. He insisted on drinking in the spectacle of present glories pitted against the past. And his thirst shall be satisfied. Keep to mind this is an exhibition. Blood may be spilled, but only for show. Serious punishment will be meeted out to the man who caused them. We shall serve you with honor. I expect no less. Return to quarters. Spartacus, remain. What make you of Crixus? Numerius insisted upon him, yet with his wounds barely sealed... He believes himself ready. To a fault. The ego bruises deeper than the flesh. He brought this house great honor, not long ago. Do not overly embarrass the man. I will give Numerius a show. Nothing more. When I put on the toga virilis, it was in this very room, surrounded by my father's champions. Even then I knew that one day my own titans would eclipse them all. None more so than Spartacus, the bringer of rain. You honor me. You stand above all others. Continue on this path, and we will have the world... You have been avoiding me. I have been tending my duties. Your manner hardens. I prefer it soft, as the moment we shared not so long ago... You mistake smile and friendly touch beyond intent. And the key that went missing from my clasp, after your "friendly" touch? It did not by "mistake" draw into your palm, did it? It did not. And yet you tense from question. Such reaction warrants fair search... My hands service Domina alone. She would not be pleased to have yours laid upon me without her consent. Or to learn a guard has misplaced his key. I would not have it so. You have reputation for your handling of women. Seek your loss among them, and do not press me again with accusation. You trust Ilithyia not to come unhinged in front of the magistrate? - I shall keep watchful eyes upon her. - More watchful than the last, I pray. Everything worked to our advantage. She in our debt, and through collection we gained access to the most noble of families. She attends to the list? She will draw all to the magistrate's celebration, so artfully placed within our walls. There must be no cause for disappointment. After the exhibition between Spartacus and Crixus has ignited his son, I will broach the magistrate on subject of political office. And be well received. To behold Solonius' face when he sees me consort with the highest echelon of Capua. - How should he witness such a thing? - By invitation. I desire his eyes upon me when I am anointed by the magistrate. I want him to see that as my fortunes rise, his plummet. You taunt an injured snake. - One that may yet turn and strike. - Ease your mind. The serpent's head will be struck from its body in due course. And Solonius will never see it coming. So, you and Crixus battling as entertainment? - Something the boy will never forget. - It is only exhibition. Dominus gave strict instructions to avoid grievous injury. Do not believe he was listening. Your Gaul is restored. He is not alone. The sun has revived what the night had withered. Due to kindness of a dear friend. And is that kindness returned? The magistrate's celebration will swell with all names provided. Gratitude. Would that I had words to multiply it in response. Yet the value of a friend cannot be expressed by the clever grouping of letters. It is blood and flesh, granting life to the world. You submit like a fucking girl, begging for a cock to split her open. I was bested. What would you have me do? Rise and fight till your final breath. Or prove the name "brother" false. Heard of opportunities in Sicilia. Had I been wise, we would have moved there to escape my debts. Yet the advice of my wife fell short of its mark. It is a distance to travel, from a woman's mouth to a man's ears. I shall close the gap, from this point forward. Aurelia tells me Sicilia is an island blessed by the Gods. You must visit us there, when you gain freedom. I no longer concern myself with thoughts beyond these walls. And nor should you. A true champion dreams only of the arena. And what does one dream of when he's no longer champion? Regaining the title from the thief who stole it from me. He stole nothing. If I am a thief, the crime was witnessed by all of Capua. And is still celebrated to this day. You are summoned. The magistrate will arrive tomorrow well in advance of his guests, to ensure that preparations are to his standards. While I reassure him, I would have you tend the boy. It's imperative that he is well satisfied, and by proximity his noble father. The name Batiatus will be honored. And envied throughout the Republic. You move unwisely. You play? I've had occasion, during my time with the auxiliary. By all means, grace us with your knowledge. It appears our champion has no head for games of strategy. Battles maybe lost... And yet the war concludes in victory. Treacherous fuck. Played like a true Roman. Fall from your chair. And bring us wine. The Syrian could swindle the scales from a snake, but never command a charge. Come! Let us have contest between men... Your touch has been missed. And thoughts of yours consume me. Soon you will feel the hands of a champion once again upon you. The match with Spartacus is but exhibition. I know the crowd as my heart. They will yearn for blood, and I shall give it to them. Dominus forbids injury. To make attempt on Spartacus' life is to... Is to risk your own. This is my life. If not champion, I am nothing. Then I must be without my mind, to love only the man. And I relish your madness. Fuck the heavens! How can you keep besting a man so far above your station? I was sprung from my mother with sword in hand. The ways of battle are second nature, passed down from father to son. I regret my own father never saw the advantage of military glory. Never saw the spoils that could be won. The patronage, the alliances forged had he taken up arms. He aspired to be no further than what he was. A simple lanista, far from Rome. You and I, however. We have fashioned wings, to raise us higher than the muck and mire of heritage. Higher than our fathers could never imagine. Quintus? What stirs such a vision from her dreams? My husband not beside me. Spartacus was helping me hone my game. Over a cup of wine? Gratitude for the instruction. Have your senses flown? To share drink with a slave... I drink with the champion of Capua. Crixus was champion. Yet no cup was ever raised with him. Crixus is a brute. Spartacus is different. We owe our good fortune to the man. He's beneath you and tomorrow we play host to Capua's finest. Such behavior would be spat upon. They spit only to stroke their own cocks. Spartacus is the reason the magistrate graces our house, along with all the shits that follow. They come to see you. A man ascended to the heavens. And Spartacus is merely the beast that you ride upon. You and Varro fought as if brothers. Your victory was a glorious sight. Did you see the key, huh? Don't suppose you know anything about that? Still your tongue. What grievance has the woman given? - None which concerns you. - She is known to me. This one is known to every cock in the villa. Move off. Tell me her grievance. I gave you command. Stop! What is the fucking meaning of this? Speak! Your man attacks Mira without cause. What reason have you for laying hands on one of my slaves? - The girl is a thief. - I stole nothing! What exactly do you believe she has stolen? Nothing of worth. Go. You overstep. A month's wages, forfeited. Press further and coin will be replaced by blood. Remove yourself. - Apologies. - Do not fucking speak! I defend your worth to my wife, only to turn and find you shitting in my fucking house. If the toga virilis were not tomorrow, I would have you lashed until the flesh peeled from your back. Lay hands on one of my guards again, and you will receive far worse. You attack a guard yet escape punishment? Being champion is not without advantage. I must remember to stay close to your side. Perhaps a swath of your good fortune will rub off upon me. Your efforts would be better focused protecting your flank. Fuck! Magistrate Calavius! The house of Batiatus welcomes you, on this glorious day! A young boy enters my doors, but leaves a man! Gratitude for your hospitalities. We are in your debt. As are we all. - I'd begun to fear for your health. - A momentary lapse. I've been tended to with most compassionate care within these walls. Where are the gladiators? Numerius. He couldn't sleep last night, for excitement. Who can blame him?! To stand among the greatest titans of the Republic, his to command. Mine? Really? Each of my proud warriors has been instructed to regard your orders as if from my own lips. Flavius will be filled with great envy. As he should! Even more so when he hears the champion of Capua himself has given you a tour of the ludus. He awaits your presence, with permission of your father... I would have better fortune reigning Apollo's horses. Guards! Escort young Numerius to the training square. I've never seen him in higher spirits. The house of Batiatus has such an effect. Have you ever witnessed a view from their balcony? It simply overwhelms the senses. Come. Let us gaze upon Capua's perfection. And give the men private moment to discuss how ravishing their women are. Ilithyia resides with you? For the moment. A valued friend. With connection to the Senate in both husband and father. Value indeed. One must choose one's company with exceeding care. Or else be dragged down by them. Preparations are in order? Set as if the boy was my own. Erase all concern. This night will be etched in the memories of all in attendance. What is it like, having the life of another resting in your hands? My sword may deliver the final blow, but a gladiator's fate is for the crowd and the editor to decide. You have no wall over by the cliff! The very reason I find it best not to train there. Has anyone ever fallen below? I've witnessed but one. Come. It's been a long time since last we trained. Let us see what you remember. The magistrate's son graces our sands... And this is what greets him? Would that I had an opponent worthy of his interest. I would spar with you. I meant a real gladiator. Crixus shows impeccable form. I shall prove otherwise at your ceremony tonight. Anyone else dare challenge? Our fight is not yet finished. Stand down, pup. Before your shriveling cock wets the sand. The man is beaten. In body, perhaps. Yet confrontation is often not won by force. By will. Stay down, you ignorant shit. Enough! The man is soundly defeated, yet treated as victor? A sign of respect. For his courage. See him to the medicus. Is everyday like this? I was unaware you possessed a skilled hand at Latrunculi. I consider myself a student of military strategy. To win, one must maneuver to catch ones opponent unawares. As it is in war, so it is in politics. Another subject of my interest. - Perhaps.. - Father! Spartacus gave me his sword, so I could practice! Numerius, you are filthy! He will form a crust if not sent to water. No, we shall see him well prepared before the guests arrive. Naevia, escort Numerius to the bath. Yes, Domina. Just through here. There is yet much the boy in him. For but a moment longer. Tonight Numerius becomes a man. Clean? Or do you yet require a hard scrubbing... No, I am... I am... Yes, you are. Nothing more sensual than a warm bath. The water caressing your skin. Your eyes seem rather... Fixed. Apologies. None required. This is your night, Numerius. One that occurs but once in a man's lifetime. - I am filled with much excitement. - Of course you are. Your life unfolds before you. Many glories, many honors. Many pleasures... The choices you make tonight will ripple through time, altering fates and destinies. So much rests in your hands. And I would see them properly filled... Very nice. Then he'd jump up and stab him down like that.. He'd block that back. A fine celebration, Batiatus! I've never seen the boy so happy. Let us call him boy no longer. Does he not appear to you a man? - He does seem to stand taller. - By quite some measure. Soon he will rival the stature of his honored father. It gives great pride, I have this heir to carry the name Calavius. Every house should be so blessed. I believe your son will do extraordinary things. I for one cannot wait to see them. Give me a go, come on.. It appears the wife of the legatus Yet harbors grudge. She is a cat absent claws. Yet fangs remain. Gratitude for last night. The man overstepped. I merely made correction. Still, the heart swells at such kindness. Then see it deflate. I would have done the same for any woman. You are an ass. The champion of Capua, always making friends. I need but one. Fortunate. Since it appears one is all you have. Her husband is mad with worry! Licinia has completely vanished! She slipped away in the night Absent slaves and not seen since. A proper woman should never travel without escort. Her cousin good Crassus has offered substantial reward for her discovery. Larger still towards punishment if harms been done. But who would wish such a thing upon a relation of Crassus? Why that would be madness. It is revelation what we are capable of, when pushed to brink. Or pulled. There can only be one cause to slip out in the night, absent slaves or husbands. She is married to a fat little man, who sprouts hair as if beast. Who could blame her? Flown to the arms of another, as Helen to Paris! I fear Rome must be absent her beauty.. For tonight the jewels of the Republic stand glittering before me in Capua. Good Solonius. You decided to attend. Who could resist such divine company? Do my eyes deceive! Solonius, come from the shadow to the light? - Embrace me as brother! - Would that blood were our bond. I almost did not recognize you, so gaunt of cheek. - Are you quite well? - My health has never been better. Sadly the same can't be said for your fortunes in the arena. Have you great the magistrate? He was in conference with the consularis when I arrived. As the evening wears, I am certain he will find time for the less significant guests. Gratitude for the invitation. I hope soon to return the favor. Did you see the look upon his face? He's the rictus of a man dying, a slice at a time. I would have the fatal cut in a single stroke. Oh, I prefer as many strokes as possible. To maximize the pleasure. I was unaware you had taste for such exotic treats. We cannot be seen together. I find it curious that Batiatus would extend me invitation. What is he planning? To humiliate you before the magistrate. Your master swims in deep waters. Some day soon he shall disappear beneath the waves. Come! Gather, esteemed guests! and those of questionable repute. Tonight the house of Batiatus is humbled to help celebrate a most glorious occasion. The son of magistrate Calavius, casts off the robes of a boy and becomes a proper roman man! Yet before he dons the toga virilis, let us honor him with sport and blood! A contest between the present and the past. Spartacus, champion of Capua! Step forward! And Crixus! Former champion, step-- Wait. I fear Crixus has seen his best day past. I would have Varro fight in his place. You are the editor, young master! Your will, our hands! Varro! Step forward! Did you have hand in my elevation? The boy's change comes as surprise. It seems the Gods favor us both now. Honor the boy. Honor the ludus. Numerius insults Crixus in our own house! Let it pass. The magistrate's happiness is our only concern. Come Numerius! These men, these titans of the arena, await your command! Let us give them a show. Begin! My fucking flank! Protect it, And next time it may be you who stands victorious. Spartacus, still the champion of Capua! And Varro, formidable opponent, One to watch closely in the arena! Come Numerius! Pass judgment on our fallen warrior! Apologies, it was agreed this was an exhibition only. Not a fight to the death. Father... Numerius has made his decision. I will reimburse you the cost of the man. Proceed. Do we have a problem,Batiatus? I said proceed. Don't... Don't. They will kill us both. There is no choice. There is always a choice. Not this time. Live... And see my family provided for. And know... I would have done the same. I am forever indebted to your hospitality, Batiatus. Think nothing of it, a favor for a dear friend. He calls for blood without hesitation! Such boldness will one day lead him to the senate. The noblest of ambitions. I myself have designs towards political office. Is that so? Not the senate, not so soon, but something local. - I'll speak to you of support tomorrow. - I leave for the coast on business. Well, when you return then. Politics is too dull for a man of your persuasion! You would ache for the sights and sounds of the arena. A sacrifice I would gladly make in the service to Rome. Batiatus, you are a fine lanista. Perhaps the finest in all the Republic. But politics, it requires a different sort. Citizens of status, with the proper heritage. Just so. Relish what you know best. Leave politics to the men with breeding for it. Come, good Solonius! We have not had occasion to speak this evening. The magistrate's response? To be answered in blood. Transcript: Addic7ed.com :: Our Team Will Find Your Ass In The Afterlide :: 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 