The Lying Game: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Lying Game 
 s1e9 - Sex, Lies and Hard Knocks High - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Lying Game (2011–2013): Season 1, Episode 9 - Sex, Lies and Hard Knocks High - full transcript 
 Sutton gets to feel what it is like to be Emma Becker. Emma tries to discover what Kristin knows about some things. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on The Lying Game... Laurel? - Nothing happened. - "Nothing happened." I just find that so hard to believe. He said that I was worth waiting for. You actually bought that in there? There was no waiting at the Squatter Inn. Let's just say, been there, done that. Social Services said I'm supposed to call the cops. That's just what I think I'm gonna do. What are we waiting for? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I think we should... you know. I think you've had too much to drink. All right, I'm gonna put you to bed. No, I'm gonna put you to bed. "Hey, Mom and Dad, you should know "that the girl living in my room right now and calling herself Sutton isn't me." Yo, Emma! Thought everybody got one call from juvie and you don't use yours to call your best friend. You can just tell me everything while we drive. So, Emma, aside from the fact that you disappeared 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and scared the crap out of me, how was Phoenix? I got to know. Oh. Phoenix... was fine. You sound like you're describing a trip to Applebee's. Dude, you found your long-lost twin. This is huge. Like, what was she like? Is she cool or is she snobby? Actually, she's... Oh, what about your birth mom? Did you ever find her? Wow. I really just told you everything, didn't I? Lexi, you ever notice what a big stupid mouth I have? Frequently. Oh, and speaking of big stupid mouths, Clarice knows you're here. The police must have called her once you were booked. Clarice... Oh. That evil foster mother. Hey, you don't think she's the one that signed for my release, do you? Extremely doubtful. She was kind of hoping you would rot in there. So how long you in Vegas for? I-I'm not really sure. I need to get back to California. That's where... Sutton found our mom. Unfortunately, I don't have any cash or clothes or a place to stay, so... Are you kidding? You're gonna crash with me. Really? Yeah. Where else would you stay? Oh, come on, it'll be like old times. Wow. Uh, I-I don't know what to say, but thank you. No need for thank yous. Just admit that Lexi Samuels is the best best friend ever. Got a minute? Whoa. It's okay. God, you scared me. - Just me. - Sorry. I'm just a little jumpy from everything that happened last night. Speaking of last night... So I'm sorry for... Okay, how do I say this? Um, drunkenly propositioning you. It's okay. But just for clarification, are you apologizing for coming on to me or the fact that you were drunk when you did it? Come on, no girl wants to be a drooling idiot when it's her first time. Your first time? Awkward moment. I'm hungry. Do you want something? Pretzels? Yogurt? Yogurt... pretzels? Wait a second. I'm just saying we don't have to talk about this right now. It's what we've been telling Sutton her whole life. Yes, and I've never been comfortable with it. I know it shouldn't make a difference, but Sutton has been so wonderful lately. We've grown closer than ever. Exactly! So why would you want to jeopardize that? I think it's time to tell her. We don't actually know that her birth mother is dead. You've seen how she's been lately, asking all these questions about her past. And if we have the answers to some of those questions, don't you think we should tell her? I just think it's too risky. I guess I just don't know anymore. Hello, Ted. Alec, yeah. Look, I think I may have a situation. Yeah, you and me both. It's Kristin. I think she's gonna tell Sutton about her birth mother. That wouldn't be good, would it? And I don't get it. We've kept this united front for 17 years almost. Ted, Kristin is a very... honest person. I know, that's why, that's why I love her. Yeah, me, too. But you need to get your wife under control, man. We both know why Sutton can never find out who her birth mother is. ♪ Uh ♪ ♪ Lying Game 1x09 ♪ Sex, Lies and Hard Knocks High Original Air Date on October 10, 2011 == sync, corrected by elderman == ♪ Uh, uh-uh ♪ ♪ Uh, uh-uh, uh ♪ ♪ Watch out for this girl ♪ ♪ She's got a gun for a tongue. ♪ Okay, so Ted obviously knows that Sutton is Annie's kid, and now... Alec wants to make sure that she never finds out. Yes. The question is why? Is it really worth the trouble to cover up some shady adoption? Why don't you talk to Kristin about it? I mean, she sounded like she wanted to talk. That's what I'm going to do. And not just her, I'm gonna ask Alec. - Seriously? - Yeah. As pissed as Sutton is now, when she gets back here, the only way that she's gonna let me stay is if I have some answers for her. You clearly disagree with me. What? Emma, look, I'm trying to be supportive here. I just want to make sure that this is what you want. Ethan, I have never been more sure about anything. Welcome home. Nice. What are you doing? Oh, you know me. Just capturing the moment. And do you really think this moment is worth capturing? Ems, no moment is too small. So, as you can see, we remodeled the place. Really? Oh, yeah. Come on, your place is nice. Well, it's a lot nicer than Clarice's house. But I bet your place in Phoenix was pretty sweet. Ooh, and your mom's place in California-- what was that like? Is she loaded? Actually, the place she's staying sucks. Kind of why I have to get back there. Is this your way of bumming another ride? 'Cause we have school in the morning. School? No. I-I have to... Emma! Oh, I heard you were back. Ooh. I heard you got in trouble, too. What'd you do, go on another crime spree whacking people with your tennis racket? No, that was a misunderstanding. Hey, it's-it's good to see you again. Dang, Moneybags, you hit the jackpot? Couple of Dallas high rollers on a $100 table. - Oh, yeah. - Big tippers. Are you hungry, Emma? You want some mac and cheese? That would be fantastic. Thank you. Milk and butter's in the fridge. Knock yourself out. I'm gonna take a bath. Well, someone looks snazzy in a suit. It's a big dinner. My dad is hooking me up with this venture capitalist guy who might want to invest in my company. Wow, how supportive of him. Mm-hmm. He's not here, is he? I just have a question for him. Seriously? Don't tell me you found something new to be suspicious about. Oh, no, it's just, it's a legal question for school. Hey, you haven't heard from Sutton, have you? No, not a word. I mean, I thought she'd be back in L.A., but I called my landlady, and she says she hasn't seen her in days. You don't think anything bad happened? Uh, I'll put it to you this way. I would be a lot more worried if I didn't know how long that girl can hold a grudge. Sutton. What a pleasant surprise. T, where's your sister? Our reservation's in ten minutes. Yeah, I just texted her; she's on her way. Oh, and I think Sutton has some legal questions for you. - Really? - Yeah. Oh, no, it can wait. You guys have dinner. I don't want to interrupt. No, there's plenty of room. Why don't you join us and then you can ask me all the questions you want. Uh, okay. I got to take this. Would you excuse me? Yeah. See you in the lounge. Dr. Hughes, this isn't really a good time. Is this something we can discuss later? I'm afraid not. It's Annie Hobbs. She's escaped. Bus fare to Phoenix, 80 bucks? Why don't you just hit up your fancy twin for the cash? Yeah, that's not going to happen. Why? Lexi, Sutton and I are not exactly besties right now. Kind of figured she might turn out to be an entitled little bitch. But, anyways, here's the clothes that you left at my house the night we snuck into the Fleet Foxes show. And, uh, other various borrowed items. I don't think this fits me anymore. Gained weight. Wow, I'm just kidding. Sorry. If you don't like any of these, you can just raid my closet, or my mom's. She doesn't care. Just don't forget to put everything back. And you are never going to guess who's here to see you. Sweetheart. Let me get a look at you. Oh. You had me so worried. I did? I know there's been some bad blood between us, but, honey... I want to fix that. Hey, would you two mind giving us a minute to catch up? Yeah, kinda. Lexi. Evidence. Ems, holler if you need me. So, Clarice... how you doing? Oh, shut up, you ungrateful little bitch. Do you have any idea what kind of trouble you put me through? I guess not. After you left, they took away my license to be a foster parent. Now I got to wait 18 months before they'll even think of placing a child in my care. Do you know what that means, Emma? What, that you're a disgruntled empty-nester? It means the checks stopped coming. You owe me. First of all... ...get out of my face, Clarice. You smell like an airport bathroom. Second, I owe you nothing! You are a terrible person, you're not my mother, and if you ever-- do you hear me?-- ever put your hands on me again, you will be asking for a world of hurt. Got it? And the best thing is, these apps work on multiple platforms. Facebook, Twitter, next month, Google Plus. That way we can establish the widest user base possible. Yeah, absolute... well, I got to say, Thayer, I'm impressed. Your dad told me how talented you were, and you proved it. I think the next step is to take you to the office, meet my boss. I tell you, Thayer's a genius. He's even got me playing these games, and you know how I hate this stuff. Thayer actually is kind of genius. Oh, that's right, Derek and Char are celebrating. Ten-day anniversary-- it's kind of a big deal for her. Char and who? Derek. You remember Derek. Didn't you help him out with some community service or something? Derek... Derek, right, nice kid. He had some brushes with the law, needed a push in the right direction. You had a question for me earlier. What was it, something legal? Well, I'm writing a paper on perjury and, well, I was wondering, as a lawyer, how can you tell if someone is hiding something? That's an excellent question, Sutton. You know, it's not really an exact science, but, uh, generally when someone's not being 100% honest, there's a lack of eye contact, a rise in vocal pitch, uh, fidgety behavior. Oh, so would you say, like, drumming your fingers on the couch, like that kind of behavior? Well... like I said, it's not an exact science, you know. Yeah, will you guys excuse me for a second? I think I left my wallet in my locker. Uh, babe, I got to hit the bathroom. - Be right back. - Okay. Hey, Alec, what's up? You tell me. You're the one sitting down with Char, hanging out. You getting information? - What do you got for me? - Uh, nothing right now. It's actually more of a personal dinner. Oh, personal? Getting to know each other a little bit? That's cute. How are her grades? No, what's her favorite song? You really want to know that stuff? No, because it's useless, just like you. The idea was for you to get her to fall in love with you, not the other way around. You're getting soft, man, you're becoming a liability to me. Now, you go in there right now and break up with her. You're kidding. Do I look like I'm kidding? Come on, Alec, I've been loyal to you. I've done everything you've asked. Which is why you're gonna go in there right now and finish it. Sutton, where are you going? I was just gonna get some air. Why don't you join me back at the table? Laurel, honey, could I talk to you a second? Can we do it later? I'm sort of in a hurry here. Actually, it's kind of important. Important like I forgot to take out the trash last night important, or important like someone's dying? Oh. I found it in the wash. It must have fallen out of your pocket. I thought you said you and Justin were waiting. Yeah, um, and then I guess we kind of stopped. Look, I'm not mad. It's just, there are a lot of issues to be considered here. You're 16 years old; this is a really big step. Mom, - Justin and I love each other. - Sweetheart, you may think you love him. You, you barely know him. Oh, right, 'cause I'm just a kid. How could I possibly know who I'm in love with? You're getting upset. I just want to be able to talk honestly about this. No, you want to tell me what to do, and that's why I can't talk about this. ♪ But today I figured out the remedy ♪ ♪ I'm gonna get up, stand up, do what I can ♪ ♪ Turn up the radio ♪ ♪ I'm gonna fly, I'm gonna try, not gonna lay down and die ♪ ♪ Whoa! ♪ ♪ Took me some time to realize ♪ ♪ It's my philosophy, defying gravity ♪ ♪ Open your mind and recognize ♪ ♪ You really gotta be defying gravity ♪ ♪ Took me some time to realize... ♪ Perfect. ♪ Open your mind and recognize ♪ ♪ You really gotta be ♪ ♪ Defying gravity ♪ ♪ Defying gravity. ♪ There's my girl. How was your first day? Not great. Just spent the morning in the attendance office learning about the perils of truancy. Ah, well, I mean, you did kind of fall off the face of the earth. - Here. - What is this? It's, it's lunch-- brown bag full of food. I believe you're familiar with the concept. Hey, can we just pause for a moment and talk about this little outfit you're rocking today? Oh, well, you know, your mom said I could borrow some stuff from her closet. Yeah, but you, like, totally Oscar De La Hoya'd it. De la Renta. Whatever. What happened to the old Emma? You know, "keep a low profile until we graduate and get the hell out of here"? Oh, well, I mean, that's still the plan, but might as well look good while we're doing it, right? Hey, guys. Hi. Emma, right? Yes. Kelvin McConnell. You might remember me. I'm pretty sure you're the girl who keyed the word "ass-hat" into my locker last year. No, that doesn't sound like me. It was you. Anyway, that's all in the past, and to prove it... I'm having a little casino party tonight at my dad's hotel. Just a few friends, $100 buy-in, but you don't have to gamble if you don't want to. I would love for you to come. Oh, and your friend, too. - Oh, thanks. - We'll think about it. Cool, hope to see you tonight. We'll think about it? - Hmm, yeah, why wouldn't we? - I don't know, maybe because parties like that are cesspools full of skanks, jocks, and bro-dudes with double-digit IQs. Oh, what about his friend, the guy in the jacket? Don't tell me you weren't just totally eye-humping him. Okay, he's pretty to look at, but it doesn't mean I want to go party with him. Ooh, they just sat down, let's go. Nice try, but we sit over here. Den mothers of the disenfranchised is a really tough job, but someone's got to do it. Swaggin' Wagon, what's up? Hello, my sexy, wonderful boyfriend of 11 days. Hey, is everything okay? Not really. Char, there's something I got to talk to you about. Boy, this is tough. I've had a lot of fun these last few days. No. Derek, you're not going to do this, you can't. I'm Char Chamberlin, remember? I don't know what happened. He just broke up with me out of the blue, and I have no idea why. Char, I'm so sorry. Why would he do this? Everything was so great. It's guys, isn't it? They're so selfish and unpredictable. Char, I-I think it might be more complicated than that. What do you mean? Did Derek say something? No, no, I just... I saw him last night at the club talking to Alec. Seriously, Sutton? Not this Alec thing again. If Derek was talking to him, it was about his probation or whatever. Look, I don't know what was said, I couldn't hear it, but I know that Derek looked really upset. Why would Alec care who Derek's dating? I don't know, but when you consider the timing of it and what happened with Eduardo, I'm just saying Alec could be capable of a lot more than we think. Hey, hon. - Hey. - What's that? One of Sutton's birthday presents. Big day's around the corner. I know. Can you believe it- 17? Sweetie, I just want to apologize for yesterday. You know I always want to be honest with Sutton. We'll have to talk about that later, but for now we may want to try being honest with ourselves. Right. What are we talking about? Laurel and Justin are sleeping together. They... they told us that they were waiting. Yeah, well, they lied, and we were so quick to believe them because that is what we wanted to believe. - So, what, are we idiots? - No, we're parents. I've already spoken to Laurel, or tried to. You have to speak to Justin. I got to be honest, that may be a little difficult without me beating him to death with my putter. Besides, why does it have to be me? Well, we took him under our wing, and whether we like it or not, we're the closest thing to parents he's got. Mom, can I talk to you? Yeah, what's going on? I was kind of hoping I could have a moment alone. Yeah. - Hi, hon. - Hi, Dad. What's going on? Okay, I d... I don't, I don't really know how to say this. I... I overheard you and Dad arguing yesterday. Well, I mean, if you're going to live in this house, that sometimes happens. Yeah, but this was different. You guys were arguing over whether or not you should tell me the truth about something, and I want to know what it is. I just... It just doesn't ring a bell. Maybe you misheard something or you just caught part of a conversation and... and misunderstood. Yeah, that must be it. I have to take this upstairs. Are we seriously going to do this all day? Study? Yes. I've got a French test on Friday, and, unlike you, I haven't blown off an entire semester, putting my collegiate future in jeopardy. Wait a minute. Hold on. You said the test is on Friday? Okay, so that's four days away. Why are you studying for that now? Because we can't all have a natural knack for languages, Em. Oh, come on, I'm not that good. Oh, please. You're, like, a conjugation wizard. Je mens, tu mens, il ment, nous mentons... Oh, come on, just help me out here. You know what would be so fun? Oh, that stupid casino party. No. Put that away. We make fun of people who go to stuff like that. No. So? We can make fun of them to their faces while we're taking their money. Money which, may I remind you, I so desperately need. May I remind you that the buy-in for that is the same price as a bus ticket? You're broke. Kind of don't see how it's possible. Yes, but there's money in the cookie jar, right? Not your money. We'll put it back in after we win. Come on, it'll be an adventure. An adventure in getting my ass kicked. Hot guy in the jacket's gonna be there. Darn. Come on, I'll be your best friend. Oh, it's kind of late for that. Oh, don't give me the look. Please. Okay, fine, fine, we can go. And you know that little, uh, number you did on your ensemble earlier? Can you work some of that magic on me? Definitely. Hello? Charlotte Chamberlin? Uh... yeah. We've never actually met. My name's Annie. I'm your aunt. Aunt Annie. What a surprise. Um, it's nice to meet you, I guess? I suppose you're calling for my mom. No, actually, I wanted to speak to you. Annie, hello. Are you there? Damn it, Annie, answer me! What was that? You're never to talk to that woman again. Do you understand? No, I don't. What happened between the two of you? And why won't you talk about it? Oh, your aunt made a series of poor decisions, got mixed up with the wrong people. And they destroyed her. So, why don't you do something about it? I mean, you're her sister. Trust me, honey, I've spent years trying, but the person you just spoke with stopped being my sister long ago. I asked Kristin flat out, "What were you and Dad arguing about?" - And what did she say? - Nothing. I mean, maybe she wanted to tell me the truth, but the fact is, she didn't, and... I don't know. Sutton's right. Kristin's lying. I mean, they all are. Okay. Well, don't you think now is where you should walk away from this? Let Sutton deal with this when she gets back. What, and give up? There's got to be another way. This is my only shot before I get shipped back on bus to Vegas or wherever, and, you know, I just have to keep going, and why are you looking at me like that? It's nothing. It's just your optimism-- it's kind of relentless. Oh. You find that amusing? No. I find it amazing. You're a little quiet, sir. Everything okay? Not entirely. Anything I can help with? Justin, when you came into my daughter's life, into my family's life, I thought we had an agreement. To always respect your daughter. I take it very seriously. But... I think I see what you're driving at. You know that Laurel and I... Yeah. Wow. I'm sure that was a hard thing to hear. I mean, obviously, I'm-I'm not a father. Yet. That's why I wanted to talk to you, Justin. You weren't honest with me. I know. I'm sorry. I should have known better. I-I know what lies can do to people, how it can tear a family apart. I guess that's why you're my role model, sir. Because I know you never lie. Right? Sutton, you got a second? Uh... yeah. What's going on? You will not believe what happened this morning. At this point, I'm pretty sure I'd believe anything. Mom found a condom in the wash. I must have left it in my pocket when I stayed the night at Justin's. What did you tell her? Well, there wasn't really much I could say. Although I did briefly consider telling her it was yours. Of course. More lies. Isn't that how everyone handles things around here? Geez, what's your problem? I'm the one in trouble here. Well, maybe if you would have told Mom and Dad what was going on, you wouldn't have this issue. Okay, hold on. You're going to lecture me on telling the truth? Laurel, the only way this family is ever going to work is if people start being honest with each other. People are staring at us. Of course they are. We're hot. Cash, please? Why am I already regretting this? Emma, Lexi, you guys look amazing. Thank you. As opposed to how we normally look? Lexi, chill. Can I get you guys a drink? Beer, wine, mocktail? No, I'm fine. Thank you. Uh. I believe my seat just opened up. Oh, wow. Just jumping right in, huh? Guess I'm feeling lucky tonight. Guess I'm feeling lucky tonight. Hi. Hi. I was just grabbing some yogurt. - Laurel, honey, can I just...? - Mom, can I just...? Let me just say this. I'm sorry. Not for sleeping with Justin, because I still feel like that was my choice to make. But I am really sorry for lying to you and Dad. There's never a good reason for that. I hope you know you can always talk to us... about anything. I know. It's just, with this particular... subject, I... I guess I was worried about what you would think of me. Honey, you're my daughter. I love you. Even though I'd be lying if I said I was comfortable with your decision not to wait, I think the important thing is just that we're honest with each other. I thought you knew how to play blackjack. Dude, we're down to our last 30 bucks. Calm down. I just hit a little cold streak. That's it. Hit me. Emma, how could you possibly hit that? I had 15. Yeah, and the dealer has a six. You're supposed to let him bust. See? Clarice not teach you anything? What are you doing? Oh, just memorializing your stupidity, that's all. Randy, let me take over for a few hands, all right? Still feeling lucky? Not really. Well, let's see if we can't turn that around. ♪ ♪ And I busted. You win. Wow. You win again. Another winner. We're up 50 bucks. We should just quit while we're ahead. Are you kidding? It's not even enough for my bus ticket. Well, we can figure that out later. Let's go. No, I... Just one more hand. That's it. I swear. Okay, but one more, and I mean it. Oh, my God. Wow, that's kind of a big bet. I mean, for anybody. - Are you sure? - He's right. Are you crazy?! I went all in. People do it all the time. Yeah. Broke people. Okay, hit me. That's 17. Yes. Give me another card. Really? No, Emma. What are you doing? Nobody hits a hard 17. Ever. Well, then, look at me breaking the rules. Card, please. I'm gonna throw up. Nineteen! I'm good. Yes, you are. Here we go. Done. We win! Oh, my God, we win, we win. You're an idiot, but we win! Congratulations. Thank you. Kelvin, can I just talk to you over here for a minute? Okay. You let me win, didn't you? That last card wasn't supposed to be a jack. Wait, are you saying that I rigged my own game just to impress you? Give you your money back? Mm, that's quite an accusation. Okay, well, then, let's head on back to the table, because I'm clearly on an incredible hot streak. Whoa. Okay, I'm not saying I rigged it. I'm just saying, you might want to quit while you're ahead. Okay. Thanks, I guess. No problem. So can I get you that drink? Mm, thanks, but I'm gonna go find Lexi. She's my ride. Well, remember. If you don't find her, you can always crash here with me. Kelvin, I think you better quit while you're ahead. You were right. There is something you don't know, something we should have told you years ago. Okay. I tried telling myself I did it to protect you. The truth is, I was afraid of losing you. Mom... whatever it is, I promise that won't ever happen. Sutton, your birth mother may still be alive. And I'm so sorry we lied. No, you don't have to explain. I just want to know everything you know. Well, I don't have any details, just, she was a very troubled woman. Yeah. Yeah, I know that. You've told me that. What was her name? But you know her name. It's on the birth certificate. Ruth Peterson. And that's the truth? Yes. I can't tell you what a relief it is to finally be able to share this with you. And I promise you, if it's important to you, I will do everything I can to help you find her. So Kristin has no idea that Annie Hobbs is a part of this? As far as Kristin knows, Annie was Phyllis's weirdo sister. She has no idea that Sutton has a twin, and-- my favorite part-- no idea Ted's lying to her. Wow. And she has felt guilty for all these years for hiding this story from Sutton, and the whole time, the story has been a lie. So maybe it's time you tell Kristin what you know. I can't. She's way too fragile. It would destroy her. Ethan, I would hate it if the last thing I did with this family was tear them apart. Well, what about you? What about me? What about what you want? These people are lying to you. They lied to Sutton. They're lying to each other. Then they sit around at their ballet recitals, sipping their eight-dollar latte with a smile on their face like there's nothing wrong. Why do you keep protecting them? Because they're my family, Ethan. Well, at least the closest thing I've... got. - Emma. - What? Stop worrying about other people, start worrying about you. Okay, so the weirdest thing happened yesterday. Remember my mom's sister, the one we're not supposed to talk about? Yeah. Annie, right? Yeah. Well, she called my house. You're kidding. You actually talked to her? Barely. My mom grabbed the phone from me so fast, I thought she was gonna rip my arm off. I talked to Sutton last night. Oh, I see. What exactly did you say? I told her her birth mother may still be alive, that we have a name, but other than that, we don't know much. So you told her everything. How exactly did she take it? She's fine. Ted, I know this isn't what you wanted, but I just don't want secrets in our family. Of course. I also promised Sutton I'd help her find her birth mother. Honey... if it's that important to you, I'm not gonna stand in your way. What did I say about coming to my place of work? I know, and I'm sorry, but I had to talk to you. I've got new info, something big. It's about Annie. Fine, what is it? Okay, so this is the part you're not going to like. But if you want me to tell you what I know, you've got to let me get back together with Char. You're kidding me. No, sir, I'm not. Are you trying to blackmail me, Derek? 'Cause... Please don't think it's because I don't respect you, because I do. Oh. Mm-hmm. It's just... Char's very important to me. What if I decided to reinstate those possession charges? Then I'd rather go to jail. Go to jail, right. Do we have a deal or not? Hello? Hey, Emma, it's Troy. From the Dowinger Clinic. I snaked your number from Dr. Hughes' office. Um, why are you calling me? Well, I kind of thought you'd want to know, your biological mom escaped. What? When? Couple nights ago. And you have no idea where she is or where she was going? I'd say it's a safe bet she's coming to look for you. Okay, thanks. Well, this has turned out to be a very interesting day. Uh, what's going on? Three guys have asked me out from that party last night and it's not even lunch yet. That's great. Yeah, I mean, it's flattering, but I kind of like Randy the best. Randy... Hot jacket guy. He told me about a really great party next weekend, so we should go. That sounds so fun. But I just found out something about my mom, and I have to leave. Right. To California? Actually, Phoenix. I bet it'll be nice to be back to your old life, see all your fancy friends, sleep in your own bed. That will be nice. Not that it's my life. Obviously. What? Come on. Did you really think you were pulling this off, Sutton? Sutton, did you write us a letter? No, why? Well, it looks like your handwriting. It's addressed to your dad and me. - Mom, stop! - What? Uh, I forgot. I-I did write this... letter when I was upset, when I knew you and Dad weren't telling me the truth about, um, you know. So I'm guessing the letter says things you're no longer feeling? It's stuff I didn't mean. Why don't you tear it up? Okay, I'm gonna go. Wait, Justin. It's still early. Do you want to come inside and watch a movie or something? Yeah, that might not be such a great idea. I just think, you know, considering the recent events, maybe we should... No, babe, it's okay. I had a great talk with my mom. We have this whole, you know, new honesty policy thing, and, um, I think it's gonna work out great. Actually, it's not your mom that I'm worried about. Then who? My dad? Sweet, goofy Dr. Ted Mercer, the man who actually teared up watching that Justin Bieber documentary? I wasn't even gonna say anything, and maybe I'm wrong. But I just... Laurel... I'm starting to think that your dad is not as great a guy as everyone thinks. So, you never thought I was Emma, not even for, like, a second? No. How did you figure it out? When did you figure it out? Honestly, the second that you got into my car. Dude, come on. Emma's my best friend. So you think you guys are gonna patch things up when you get back to Phoenix? Maybe. I mean, the girl did steal my boyfriend. That doesn't sound like the Emma I know. All she could talk about before she left was how excited she was to meet you. Yeah, well, it doesn't really excuse what she's done. Although, after pretending to be her for these last couple of days, I'm starting to regret sending this letter. It could really get her in trouble. Well, maybe you should go back there and make things right. Maybe. Anyway, thank you, Lexi, for everything. Right back at you. One for the road? Sure. Well, if you're ever back in Vegas... Definitely. Bye. See ya. "Hey, Mom and Dad, "you should know that the girl living in my room right now "and calling herself Sutton isn't me. "She's stolen my identity, "my family and friends, "and I'm now afraid of how far she'll go to keep me from taking my life back." And it just gets worse. At least you intercepted the letter. Are you kidding? Ethan, I have to leave Phoenix as soon as possible. How could I be so stupid to think that... everything would work out here? You know what sucks? Is I have to say good-bye to everybody. And this place. You. Maybe not me. What do you mean? I mean, wherever you go, Emma, I'm coming with you. == sync, corrected by elderman == 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 