The Lying Game: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Lying Game 
 s1e6 - Bad Boys Break Hearts - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Lying Game (2011–2013): Season 1, Episode 6 - Bad Boys Break Hearts - full transcript 
 The Mercer family become suspious of Laurels new boyfriend, Justin. Ethan dumps Sutton to be with Emma. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on The Lying Game... Mads, I'm home. - You have to stay in here. - Why? This visitor you're concerned about? She calls herself Sutton Mercer. And she's gonna be making a lot of crazy claims. - I never laid a hand on Mads... - I know. I know you're not stupid. Maddie... Dad. ...the new homecoming queen, Miss Sutton Mercer. You're the best thing that's happened to me since I got here. I'm not gonna let you go. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Derek, I've got another job for you. I thought we were done. You're going to like this one. - What if you stayed? - Why should I? Our birth mother Annie Hobbs. I think this is her with Ted and Alec. Do not let this girl anywhere near Ms. Hobbs, understood? Oh, now that was an amazing night. The decorations, the dresses, the dancing. Me, Justin. You, Ethan. Yeah, it was fun. Fun? That's it? We're rocking sparkly headgear here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I mean, how many chances will both Mercer sisters get to be Cinderella on the same night? Okay, you're right. But, you know, just remember that in the Cinderella story, when the clock struck midnight it all turned to crap. Well, that's cheerful. Don't tell me you're having second thoughts about Ethan, because to everybody who saw that kiss tonight, you guys are officially a couple. Believe me, I know. Hey, do you ever think about who Mom and Dad dated in high school? Besides each other. Uh, no. Gross. Why? Well, I found this. Oh, my God, it's Dad and Alec with... some random girl. Yeah, I was wondering if you knew who that was. No. Check out those totally bitchin' fingerless gloves. Why are we talking about this person? Probably Ethan saying good night, so I'll leave you two alone. Oh, by the way, you missed midnight by ten minutes. Guess we escaped the pumpkin. Hey. Ah, I'm so glad you called. So, you're not going to believe this... Wow, I guess congratulations are in order, Your Highness. Oh, you heard. Please, your coronation was all over the class Web site the second you won. I mean, it was your name they announced. I was just kind of like your stand-in. So congratulations... you. Look, they expected you to run. And anytime I... I didn't want to. It's like I had this big neon sign with an arrow above my head saying "not Sutton." Kissing Ethan, that was just part of being me, too? I don't know. and... It just happened really fast Look, that's not important right now. I have something much more important. Really? Much more important than kissing my boyfriend? Annie Hobbs was from Scottsdale, and Ted and Alec knew her. Wow, that is her. Your dad ripped it out of the photo album. It's like he didn't want me to see it or something. Look, I know you're making progress in L.A., but I think that there are answers n Phoenix. Just come home, Sutton. And while you're at it, take your life back. Babe, did you use all the shampoo? There. Oh my God, is that...? It's not what it looks like. Okay... I'm crashing with him for a few days. Don't tell anyone about this, and don't think I'm done talking to you about that kiss. ♪ Lying Game 1x06 ♪ Bad Boys Break Hearts Original Air Date on September 19, 2011 ♪ Uh ♪ ♪ Uh, uh-uh ♪ ♪ Uh, uh-uh, uh ♪ ♪ Watch out for this girl ♪ ♪ She's got a gun for a tongue. ♪ == sync, corrected by elderman == Hey, sleepy head, wake up. You were asleep when I got home last night, so I covered you up. - What'd you do to Eduardo last night? - Whoa, easy. I didn't do anything to Eduardo. We just had a nice long talk. - About what? - Lots of things. He's a sharp guy. I can see why you like him. The good news is, he explained everything. You had a crush on him, he didn't really feel the same way. Long story short, nothing physical happened. And you had to hear that from him? 'Cause that is exactly what I've been saying. I know. And I'm sorry. I should have trusted you. Which is why I've, uh, come to a decision. What's that? From now on, your love life is just that-- your love life. I'm going to stay out of it. I'm thinking there's got to be a catch here. - No catch. I spent years trying to control Thayer, and that didn't really work out. I don't want to make the same mistake twice. And I'm just supposed to believe this? Yeah. I'm putting a lot of trust in you, Mads. You could do the same for me. So I was four years old, and I kept pestering my parents to get me this kids miniature golfing set, right? Never too early to introduce a kid to the game. Not necessarily. I had the thing for five minutes before my mom got caught in my backswing while she was loading the dishwasher. Emergency room. Ouch. 16 stitches. Yeah, that's not the worst part. She had to address a realtors' conference the next day with this fat, fat lip. I'm so sorry, Justin. Didn't you say your-your father was a realtor? Yeah, actually they're a husband and wife team. Back in Portland they even had those bus bench ads with their picture together. Totally embarrassing. Well, we all know how parents can be like that sometimes. Mom, can I talk to you over here for just a second? One thing you'll come to notice about my daughter, Justin-- she lacks subtlety. I'll try and remember that, sir. Why are you giving my boyfriend the third degree? What? I'm just asking about his parents. No, you were grilling him about his parents. Okay. Laurel, look, your dad and I are very fond of Justin. I just... I find it a little strange-- he's been in our house for breakfast three days in a row, he's gone golfing with your dad and we've never met his parents. Never had a... Okay, well, they just moved to town. - You heard how busy they are. - Have you met them? Not yet, but maybe I can fix that. Hey, Justin, um, what are you and your parents doing tomorrow night? Tomorrow? Uh... I'll have to check with them, but I'm pretty sure we're free. Perfect. Then my family would love to have your family over for a barbecue. That sounds great. My parents have been looking forward to meeting you guys. And we look forward to meeting them. So you're a swimmer. Nice. Who are you and what the hell are you doing in my pool?! It's okay, I'm your pool man. Just checking your pH levels and stuff. Which, by the way, are looking awesome. You are not our pool man. Our pool man is old, has a mustache, his name... Okay, so I don't know his name, but he's definitely not you. What can I say? You got me. Should have gone with the mustache. You go to Arroyo, right? Darrell something? Derek. Your name's Darrell Derek? No, just Derek. Well, Derek, you've got 20 seconds until I call the cops. Whoa, wait. Just hear me out. I know it was wrong to barge in on you like this. I figured for a guy like me to get the attention of someone like you, I had to do something... extreme. I see. And why is my... attention so important to you? Do you really have to ask? You're Char Chamberlin. You're not really gonna call the cops, are you? Why shouldn't I? Well, for one, it's going to make it a lot weirder when I ask you out. You sounded so serious on the phone. You okay? Ethan, I-I can't. We have to stop this. Stop? We just started. I know, and-and last night was so amazing, but, I mean, what's the plan? Best case scenario, I keep pretending to be Sutton, and we do whatever this is. And sooner or later, Sutton's going to come back. And then what happens to me? We'll figure it out. Ethan, even if that were possible, you're forgetting the biggest issue here. Sutton-- my sister... is your girlfriend. Yeah, I get it. And you know what, there's a lot of reasons why we shouldn't do this. But there is one thing you're forgetting. What? ♪ ♪ What are we supposed to do about that? So you're really going on a date with this Derek guy? I know it sounds crazy, but maybe it's some kind of sign from the universe. I mean, of all the swimming pools in all the world. The guy looked up your address and went swimming in your pool. No, see, that's your interpretation. Speaking of bad boys, how's everything with Eduardo after the whole photo incident? Well, I still owe him an apology, but at least now my dad knows that nothing happened between us. Good. Oh, Ms. Diaz, is Eduardo here? Eduardo doesn't work here anymore. He quit. Wait, what? Why would he do that? My son told me about what happened. All she had to do was be me just for a little while-- keep a low profile, maintain the status quo, but no. Look, if you hate what Emma's doing so much, why don't you just go home? Now? After all the hard work we've done? Look, we are, like, one lucky break away from finding my mother. That's the spirit. Plus, if you left now, I'd kind of miss you. Speaking of which, why were you so bothered that Emma knows we're staying together? I mean, we did just... you know. Yeah, about that... You know what, don't tell me. Too much drama, too busy looking for your mom. And you're okay with that? Oh, I didn't say that. Hey. Hey, here it is. See? What did I just say? Lucky break. Yep. Although our timing may not be so great. Why? Because they're closed until November. What? November? No. We're-We're so close. I know. Look, we have a phone number, so we'll keep calling until we reach someone. And what if we don't? Thayer, I have to go home. I can't stay here till November. And you won't have to. Okay, don't worry. Whatever happens, I'll think of something. What makes you so sure? Because that's what I do. Besides, I haven't let you down so far, right? You're here early. Yeah, got here first thing to look through these old yearbooks from the library. Thought if Ted and Alec knew Annie that maybe they went to school together. - Any luck? - Nope. Just pages and pages of faces, but no Annie yet. Of course, I am only halfway through 1984, so... Hey, you want to see a picture of Ted playing the lead in Brigadoon? Thanks, but I'm good. Actually, I kind of had something I wanted to talk to you about. Okay. All right, I was thinking about what you said last night, and you're right. Being together like this, it's... it's not working. No, yeah, of course not. So I've made a decision. I'm going to break up with Sutton. What are you doing here, Mads? Well, I left you four messages last night. You're moving? Yeah. Back to Chicago. Eduardo, I talked to my dad. Trust me, it's too late. Too late? No, that's ridiculous. Look, we'll just go back to the way things were before, and you'll be my choreographer, nothing else. - It won't work. - Why not? Because I can't, okay? Mads, the other day, when I came by your house, it wasn't just because I was worried about you. It's because I had to see you. Everything you've felt between us, I've felt it, too. So I'm not just some girl with a crush? You need to go. Now? Yeah. No, this is crazy. Eduardo, what is going on? I can't tell you. Just trust me, okay? About what? You're not making any sense. What went on the other night between you and my dad? All I can say is, it's not just about you and me or that picture of us together. So what are you saying? I'm saying it's dangerous. Now go. Hey, sexy. How was practice? Uh, it was fine. Listen, uh, I got some not-so-great news. Everything okay? Yeah, it just looks like the Miller family might have to take a rain check on the barbecue tonight. Oh, no. Seriously? Yeah. My parents got called out of town for work. Apparently, the bank pulled out of some huge deal, last second. You got to be kidding. No, my mom is-- she's really embarrassed, and she said that we'll host next time. Just bad timing, I guess. Yeah, I guess. Or maybe it's perfect timing. How do you figure? Well, I mean, your parents are gone, and you're all alone in that house. Yeah, that does sound pretty great. Although... "Although"? I've got two papers due, and I've got a huge tournament at Seton Prep tomorrow. And something tells me if you came over... Laurel? You there? Yeah. Just... disappointed, that's all. So I understand everyone's been talking about you and Ethan at school. Tell you the truth, things have gotten a little out of hand. Oh. Well, if you ever want to talk about it... Actually, there is something... You were offering, right? Of course. Okay. So, before Ethan and I were together, he was with someone else. Actually, technically still is. Oh. Sutton, honey, that's... Horrible. I know. But the thing is, I think she's cheating on him. Wait, does Ethan know? No. But he keeps saying that he's gonna break up with her, anyway, so I don't know if I should just stay out of it or... Uh, put yourself in Ethan's shoes. I mean, I'd probably want to know. Well, you can stop cooking. Barbecue's off. Oh, no. Why? What happened? Apparently, Justin's parents had some work thing. And I know what you're thinking. I'm not thinking anything. I'm-I'm just disappointed like you. What are we gonna do with all this food? Dad's practically cooking a cow out there. Well, Justin's still coming, right? No, he said he needs to rest up for golf-- a sport routinely played by 80-year-olds, I might add. Well, since he's fending for himself, why don't you bring him a plate? I'm not even sure he wants me over there. You and food? Throw in a trip to the driving range, and you have hit Justin's trifecta. I guess. But I don't even know where he lives. Actually, the student directory arrived today, and I'm sure Justin's address is in it. I think it would be a lovely gesture. Oh. Hey. You're here. I mean, you didn't leave. I'm sorry, can I help you? I'm Laurel. But you probably know that. I'm just bringing your son some barbecue. My son is eight months old. Who are you here to see? Uh, Justin Miller. I think you have the wrong address. Sorry, is this 11805 Norton Drive? It is. Oh, okay. Um, must be a mistake. Wait. Um, Justin said that his dad's always playing pranks and stuff. You're not messing with me, are you? Young lady, I think someone's messing with you. Hey. So I have great news about the art gallery. According to their Web site, the Annie Hobbs exhibit went up last week before the gallery closed, which means it's possible that the paintings were delivered recently. Okay, don't tell me. You hacked into the delivery company's computers and got Annie's address. Even better. I went in their Dumpster and I got every single packing slip in there. If Annie's paintings were delivered within the last week, that means that they probably came from one of these addresses. Oh, hey, maybe that's Emma. You can tell her the good news. It's Ethan. Okay. I'll give you a minute. Well, well, if it isn't Ethan Whitehorse. You know, I almost didn't recognize you without your rent-a-tux and my twin sister stuck to your face. Emma told me you saw the pictures from homecoming. Hmm. You guys just tell each other everything, don't you? This isn't about her. Really? That wasn't my sister that you were kissing the other night in front of 600 of my closest friends? Oh, wait, was that just another one of her accidents? It was no accident. Excuse me? Why do you even care? I mean, how important could I possibly be to you? You took off for L.A. without telling me. You won't even be seen in public with me. Okay, you know what, Ethan, I can't have this conversation right now. Things are very complicated. Okay, I'm gonna make it really easy for you. Sutton, you and I are over. You okay? Of course, yeah. Why? Your palm is sweating. I talked to Sutton. We don't have to hide anymore. You mean except for that whole thing where people besides you think I'm someone else? So Sutton really didn't freak out? She wasn't happy. But she also knew that we weren't going anywhere as a couple. She didn't say anything else? Like, say, about another guy in L.A.? What, like a movie star or something? Oh, no. Don't tell me. She was cheating on me with Shia LaBeouf, wasn't she? All right, enough about Sutton. Tonight is our first official date. I can't wait. Hey, I've been looking for you. And now you found me. Well, got to get to class. Wait, wait, wait. Is-is-is ev... everything okay? I... I don't know. You tell me. Well, I was going to say that my tournament at Seton Prep got postponed, and I thought maybe I could swing by your house tonight, we could watch a movie. Sounds great. Or maybe we could watch one at your house this time. Yeah, I, um... you know what? I got a lot of algebra to do anyway. Guess I'll just take a rain check. Hey, honey. - Hey. - How are you? Well, not bad. How was school? Anything cool happen? No, not really. I saw Eduardo. Yeah? He's, uh... he's moving back to Chicago. I'm sorry to hear that. Right. You know, he did say something that was kind of weird. He said that he wasn't leaving because of me or what happened with the picture. He said that there was something else, something... Something what? Dad, what really happened with you and Eduardo? I don't know what kind of thoughts he's putting in your head, Mads, but... absolutely nothing happened between me and Eduardo, okay? - Hey, Sutton. - Hey. You... you got a sec? Yeah, sure. What's up? Promise not to say anything to Mom and Dad, especially not Mom. Of course. What's going on? Okay. Remember when I went to Justin's yesterday to take him dinner? He wasn't there. That's not his house. Oh. Well, maybe you just had the wrong address. No. Right address. I even checked with the school office. He just doesn't live there. I mean, how crazy is that? Well, Laurel, it might not be as crazy as it seems. Has it ever occurred to you that maybe Justin's parents just aren't around? What do you mean? I mean, maybe he's on his own. You know, he could be sleeping in his car or a youth shelter. Abandoned house. Seriously? I mean, why would he lie about something like that? I think you need to be in Justin's shoes to understand. Okay, not everybody is as lucky as you... and I are. So how do you know so much about this stuff? I had to watch a documentary in social studies. About street kids? Yeah, street kids. Hey, why don't you just ask him what's going on? Any other ideas? Okay, well... if he's using that house as his mailing address, chances are he's staying someplace nearby. There you are, right where I left you. Indian food. Oh, and I even splurged and went to the place without all the health code violations. How's progress going on those packing slips? Hmm? You were going to check out those addresses. Yeah. Uh, I didn't exactly, uh, get to them. Sutton, I've been gone for three hours. What were you doing? Um, I don't know. Homecoming pictures again? - I know. I'm sorry. - You know, it's not just your time you're wasting here. No, I... I know. I'm going to do them right now. I mean, you stay in my apartment, you eat my food. I went through a Dumpster for you. Are you trying to make me feel guilty? Because it's working. I am sorry for everything. Whoa. Everything? Does that mean you're sorry we slept together, too? You really don't want me to answer that question. The guy broke up with you, Sutton. What, are you spying on me now? Wait a minute. No, wait. Let's just put all of our cards out on the table. You didn't just accidentally walk into that Webcam the other night. You wanted Emma to see you. Okay, so what if I did? You know, unlike some guys, I'm not gonna wait around until you decide whether or not I'm good enough to tell people about. Where are you going? Getting out of here for a couple days. Just so you know, when I get back, you better be gone. Good. One more. Oh! Good. - Okay, don't get me wrong. - Huh? I am so happy that this is our first official date, but you have to know something about me-- surprises make me really nervous. - It's okay. - Okay. I think you're gonna like this. Can I take this thing off? ♪ ♪ All right, go ahead. - Yeah? - Yeah. I'm sorry, what am I looking at? Ethan. You like it? I love it. It's perfect. No one has ever done anything like this for me before. Well... it was about time someone did. I have to tell you something. Yes? I-It's something that I've been meaning to tell you and I... I don't know if I should. It's okay, Emma, you can tell me. Sutton is staying with Thayer in L.A., and I think they're sleeping together. What? Sutton and Thayer? I saw them on the Webcam. I wanted to tell you earlier. - But I... - Well, y-you didn't. I mean... damn it, how long have you known about that? - Just a couple of days. - A couple of days? Yeah. I didn't think that... Wait a minute, why are you freaking out about this? I thought you and me were together now. That has nothing to do with it, all right? You shouldn't have even waited a second to tell me something like that. What are you doing? I'm sorry, I didn't know. I thought that if I told you, you would break up with Sutton, and then I wouldn't be able to tell if you were choosing me for me if we ended up together. You know what? You're not gonna have to wonder about it either way now. ♪ ♪ Hello? I'm sorry, I must have misdialed. Were you calling for Eduardo Diaz? Yes. Who's this? I work in the E.R. at Phoenix Presbyterian. Are you a relative? ♪ ♪ Hello? Anybody here? ♪ ♪ If I'd have known you were coming, I would've cleaned up. Are you sure it's not too much? I know we're going to the country club, but what if Derek wants to take me to, like... an illegal street-racing event after? Then... you would be the hottest girl at the illegal street race. Look... I know you're blaming yourself for whatever happened with Ethan, but... whatever did happen, I'm sure he overreacted. What did you lie about, anyway? Does it matter? Point is, there was something I should have told him and I didn't. Oh. So you didn't even lie; you just withheld. Same thing. No, it isn't. He should forgive you. Trust me, Sutton, these bad boys are lucky to have us. Oh, crap, it's him. Uh, I'm not ready. - Sutton, could you do me a huge favor? - Yeah, of course. I left my purse on the dresser upstairs. Could you grab it for me? Mm-hmm. ♪ ♪ So, how did you two meet? - Well, see, I was swimming... - School. We actually met at school. - Hope this is the right one. - Yeah. Thanks. Okay, reservation's at 7:00. See you later, Sutton. - Ready, Derek? - Yeah. Nice meeting you. Well, Derek seems like a nice boy. So, Sutton, what are your plans for the evening? Actually, Mrs. Chamberlin, if you had a second, I was hoping I could ask you a quick question. Damn. You know, I left my sunglasses in the house. - I'll be right back? - Sure. Who are you to ask me something like that? I'm sorry, I-I... just never noticed that picture. If I'd have known your sister was such a sensitive subject... If you'd known? Sutton, you've been coming to this house for 16 years-- have you ever once heard anyone mention that name? No. It was just such a coincidence. I saw this picture of her with my dad and Alec, and I was just wondering what happened to her. Then why don't you ask them what happened? Those bastards broke her heart, both of them. They're the reason Annie left for L.A. and never came back. Maddie, where you been? The hospital. Eduardo was in a crash. Oh, my God, what happened? I don't know. The, um, the cops think he fell asleep at the wheel. Sweetheart, I'm awfully sorry. No, Dad, stop it. - You did this. - I'm sorry? I know you tried to pay him off or something. This never would've happened if it wasn't for you. That's ridiculous, okay? I know you're upset, but listen to yourself. You honestly think I had anything to do with this? Actually, that sounds about right to me. What's wrong, Dad? I thought you'd be happier to see me. You could have told me, you know. What, th-that I'm living like a bum in some abandoned house? It's humiliating. So you'd rather lie? Justin, I care about you. What do you want me to say? Well... you could start by telling me what's going on here. The truth, this time. I really am from Portland. That wasn't a lie. Three years ago, my parents were killed in a car crash. Oh, my God. And I didn't have any family to move in with, so Child Services assigned me to this couple in a little town up north. And they were nice people, but they had their hands full with three other kids. I'd always been a good golfer. And even before my parents died, I knew that a scholarship was my only way to a good college. But my new school, they didn't even have a team. So you just... took off? I chose Arizona because it was far enough, and Arroyo because it has one of the best high school golf programs in the country. I hated lying to everyone, especially you, but... Laurel, if this gets out, I'm finished. No scholarship, no college. I know it's a lot to ask... Justin, I'm-I'm not going to tell anybody. Why not? Because I believe in you. Besides, why would I want to turn in the best boyfriend in the world? I just wish you had come to me first. I could have told you talking to Phyllis about Annie is a bad idea. She was very upset when she called me. Trust me, I wouldn't have brought it up if I'd known she'd flip out on me like that. What's the deal there? You guys went to high school with Annie, right? Yeah, she was a couple of years younger than your father and me, and very sweet, kind of troubled. Had this wild streak about her. Phyllis said she had moved to L.A. Did you and Dad ever, like, run into her when he was doing his residency there? No. I mean, if she was there, we didn't know it. Then again, we were never really that close. Thanks for getting dinner. I had no idea these fancy clubs don't take personal checks. Well, it's still early. Maybe I'll let you buy me dessert. Oh, I gotta take this. Just be a sec. Mm-hmm. Hey. So I'm at your country club. This place is sweet. Great, I'm glad you like it. I'll put you on the wait list for a club membership. What's going on with Char? Well, I was at her place earlier, and I overheard Sutton talking with Phyllis. About? Well, Sutton was asking questions about someone named Annie, and then your name came up and some other dude, and... - Ted. - Yeah. I don't think Phyllis likes you guys very much. Then what happened? Phyllis kind of freaked out on Sutton, and said everything was all your fault-- meaning you and Ted. I wish I had more. Trust me, that's plenty. Thanks. Hey, Char. Everything okay? What the hell were you thinking breaking up with Sutton like that? You were so lucky to have her, and now you're going to throw it all away because of some little omission? Come here. A) Keep your voice down, 'cause you're going to get me in trouble. And B) Do you have any idea what you're talking about? Not exactly. I didn't think so. Why don't we just keep this thing between me and Emma? Who's Emma? It's... no, that's not what I meant. You're cheating on Sutton? N-No. Oh, my God. What's the matter? - Derek? - Yeah, right here. We've got to get to the hospital, now. Char, listen to me for a second, okay? I... If I were you, I'd save the explanations for Sutton. I'm sure she'll love to hear all about Emma, whoever that is. Hey. How is he? I don't know. He's out of surgery, but no one's telling me anything. Sutton, I have something to tell you, but it's kind of bad, so maybe now's not the time. Char, after everything that's happened, what could possibly make things worse? It's about Ethan. Char, you have to let me explain what happened earlier, okay? You got the wrong idea about this. Well, if I'm so wrong, then why are you here? Sutton, Ethan's been cheating on you with someone named Emma. He let it slip out at the club. So tell us, Ethan, who's Emma? I think that's a pretty good question, right, Sutton? Thayer. Ethan! Hey, I got your message. Everything all right? Not really. I think we might have a little problem. Yeah, I think we may have more than one. Sutton's been asking questions about Annie. I'm just starting to think there's no way out of this thing. Maybe we should just... No, Ted. No, there's always a way. Here's what we've got to do... This is the next one. It's a psychiatric hospital? Well, this ought to be fun. Excuse me. Visiting hours end at 6:00. Please come back tomorrow. I know, I'm sorry. I'm just looking for someone. Uh, I think she works here. Her name is Annie Hobbs. Is she here? I'm sorry, what did you say your name was? I didn't. But... I'm Sutton Mercer. I'm Dr. Hughes. Uh... Well, Sutton, I-I'd really like to help, but unfortunately, we don't have an employee by that name. Oh. Well, maybe she's a patient here? I'm afraid not. Are you sure? Maybe I just have the name wrong. Anybody with the name of Hobbs, or-or Annie? Again, I'm sorry. I-I'd really like to help. Okay. Thanks for your time. Sure. ♪ ♪ Mom. No! No! == sync, corrected by elderman == 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 