The Voice: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Voice 
 s1e2 - Blind Auditions, Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Voice (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Blind Auditions, Part 2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Yeah! Subtitles by Russian Fan Community of The Voice UK http://vk.com/TheVoiceUK Ladies and gentlemen of the UK... ..series four is the force. Tom Jones. ♪ It's not unusual to have fun with anyone... ♪ He's our very own knight and Voice veteran. Returning for his fourth reign from the red chair, Sir Tom of Jones. Ricky Wilson. He's the front man's front man. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Blue-eyed charm offensive and chief Kaiser, Ricky Wilson is back and gunning to win. Myself. ♪ Bring the action. ♪ Last year's winner, will.i.am has returned from his home planet to spin again with a new noisy neighbour to deal with. Rita Ora. I'm the newbie. Rita's bagged four consecutive number one singles from her number one debut album. I think being a newbie's pretty exciting. ♪ Oh, I will never let you down... ♪ Rita is awesome. She sings incredible. She knows how to party. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She's got her ear to the ground, she knows what's going on. I'm not saying I don't, guys. Rita is sassy. She's got a lot of fire. I hope she's trouble. We could do with a bit more trouble. RITA: I'm so honoured to be sitting beside such incredible genius talent and I think, as a coach, I'm probably in the same boat as the contestants. They'll be nervous, but so will I. So we'll be making the same facial expressions like this. SHE LAUGHS CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Let's go. Let's go. - # Ready to go - Let's go - # Ready to go-o-o - Let's go # Ready to go... # Oh! # You're weird # In tears # Too near and too far away # He said # Saw red # Went home, stayed in bed all day # T-t-t-shirt # Dish dirt ♪ Always love the one you hurt... ♪ Come on, come on, come on, come on! # It's a crack I'm back # Yeah, standing on the rooftops # Shouting out # Baby, I'm ready to go # I'm back and I'm ready to go # From the rooftops shout it out # Shout it out! # You sleep # Too deep # One week is another world - # Big mouth - Big mouth - # Drop out - Drop out # You'll get what you deserve - # You're strange - Strange - # Insane - Insane ♪ One thing you can never, never change... ♪ Come on! # It's a crack I'm back # Yeah, I'm standing on the rooftops # Shouting out # Baby, I'm ready to go # I'm back and I'm ready to go # From the rooftops shout it out # It's a crack I'm back # Yeah, I'm standing on the rooftops # Shouting out # Baby, I'm ready to go # I'm back and I'm ready to go # From the rooftops shout it out ♪ Shout it out. ♪ CHEERING Shout! Let's hear it for our superstar coaches! APPLAUSE Ricky Wilson. Sir Tom Jones. will.i.am. And our brand-new coach, Rita Ora. The blind auditions start now. Let's do this! CHEERING Kind of quiet, isn't it? - Silence! - It's quiet. I know, it's scary, isn't it? - It's the opening act, innit? - Yep. Right. (Let's do this.) (You got this, you got this, you got this...) MUSIC: Stay With Me Originally by Sam Smith # Guess it's true I'm not good at a one-night stand # But I still need love and you're just a man # These nights never seem to go to plan # I don't want you to leave, will you hold my hand? # Oh, won't you stay with me? ♪ Darling, stay with me... ♪ - Sing it! - Come on, Tish. ♪ Why am I so emotional? ♪ SCREAMING # Deep down I know this never works # But you can stay with me so it doesn't hurt # Oh, whoa-oh-oh # Oh! ♪ Please, please... ♪ CHEERING # Won't you stay with me? # You're all I need ♪ This is love, it's clear... ♪ - Go, go, go! - Come on, Will. # Darling ♪ Stay with me. ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Well done, girl. Well done! Oh, my God! Hello, hello, hello. Hi! Hi! Hi, hi, hi. - What's your name? - My name's Letitia. - OK. - I'm 24 and I'm from Coventry. - OK. Oh, my God. Wow! I can't believe this. This is insane. - You deserve it. What a voice. - Thank you. Amazing. It was incredible. So powerful. Erm, who turned first? RITA: Stop that! LAUGHTER And so it begins. I'm going to see what the others say first. - Oh, yeah. Suss everybody else out. - Will can go first. Oh, you're red. I thought you were white. Sorry. - Actually I'm black. - LAUGHTER I thought you sounded great. I'm so happy that they turned for you. - APPLAUSE - Thank you. Thank you. Now then, I'm not 24, I'm 74. - Really?! - Yes. - Phew! - 74 and fabulous. - Yes! For me, my age is an advantage because I have a lot of experience, you see. And I know when I hear somebody that has a natural-sounding voice that comes from the heart, that's what I loved about what you did. APPLAUSE Thank you so much. Thank you. So if you come with me, you've got 50 years of experience coming at you. CHEERING What I loved about you, is that you really want this. - I can see it in your face. - I do. You made me feel like I want to get up there and sing the song with you. APPLAUSE And I think we will have a blast together. Yes to that. So, I mean, Rita, you have got a lot in common, both great singers. And I can't really argue with that. And Tom, you can't really argue with that as well, because he's got the experience, but the reason I turned round was because the voice is great but I could hear the person singing the voice and I liked you and that's it. It's as simple as that. - APPLAUSE - Thank you so much. I guess I've got a decision to make. I need you to feel me so I've got a question, like, that I really want to ask. - And it may sound jokes but it is serious. - OK, go on. OK, so I work in a restaurant and if we were to go out for, say, some chicken, right, what kind of spice are you having on your chicken? LAUGHTER - IMITATING: - Basically I want to know what sauce you like so... I don't even sound like that! So what I'm saying, yo, I just want to know, like, you know what kind of sauce you're going to put on that. The point of my question was, we need to be eating the same kind of level of spice. I wanted to see how similar we are. - Me? - Yeah, Tom. - Curry chicken, hot. - Hot. OK. I'd have whatever you're having so we can split it. Hey! I see a little dig coming over here, baby. If I was to coach you, I'd need to know... I'd need to know what you needed, not what I needed. Oh. Oh, you're good. Honestly, all jokes aside, if you just get that one chance, you will just blow everybody away. You need to be on my team. - But what kind of sauce do you like on your chicken? - All right! - LAUGHTER - Thank you. Really spicy. I like it really hot. That's a good answer. You've made this so hard for me. OK, so... Yeah, no, OK. I'm nervous. I have decided that my coach will be... AUDIENCE YELLING SUGGESTIONS - Tom. - No, Rita. - Tom or Rita. Wow, erm... Ricky. MUSIC: Oh My God by Kaiser Chiefs Oh, my God! Come and meet the guys. Thank you so much. Oh, my God! I'm smacking it! Oh, my God. I need to see my mum. Sorry. - AUDIENCE: - Aw! - Aw, I'm kidding! - Sorry. - It's those blue eyes. It's those dreamy blue eyes. That's what it is. Wow. SCREAMING Have to calm down now. Thank you. Letitia - first member of my team. She was really good. Rita did an amazing pitch and I thought, "Wow, first person, day one, Rita's going in this strong?" I thought she totally had her. There she goes. Ow! I hope you choke on your chicken! I've just really annoyed Rita Ora and it's only day one. APPLAUSE OK, well, let's start off by making the most noise. Give it up for our incredible band tonight. - CHEERING - Those guys work hard. I was so nervous. - Rita? - Hi. - Rita! - Yes? Are you feeling happy? Yes, I warmed in on the first one so I'm getting comfy. - You were like a duck to water. You're amazing. - Oh, thanks. Is it before the duck's head sinks underneath, or...? LAUGHTER - No, I'm having a great time. Thank you. - Good, good, good. Good stuff, good stuff. Come on, then. Let's get on with it. Take a look at this to see how you can play along with the coaches. This year, build your dream team. Who would you turn for? Download this app now! For a chance to win an amazing trip to our Voice UK studios. This app is just like sitting in the big red chair. Be a home coach and download the new Voice UK app now. My name is Lucy. I'm 23 and I am from Dublin. Today, I've brought my mum and my dad and my nana, Rose, who got a passport specially for this. My parents are both performers. They gave me music before I was born. Like, I probably came out singing and dancing. And I never really had a hope or a choice of doing anything else! I moved to London last year from Dublin to follow my dream of being a performer in the West End. Some show - any show at all that will have me! I think everybody would love to see their name in lights, wouldn't they? It's kind of that little dream that everybody has, no matter what they do. The job that I have in the West End is not what I had in mind. I'm working as an usher. That's perfect, thank you. Enjoy the show. Which means I check tickets, sell programmes, I sell ice cream. There you go. 'It's not what I want and it's heartbreaking 'when all you want to do is be singing on that stage.' # Ready to go... ♪ Ready to go-o-o... ♪ # Ebben! Ne andro lontana ♪ Come va l'eco pia campana... ♪ I did not expect that! # Laddove la speranza # La speranza # E rimpianto # E rimpianto ♪ E dolor... ♪ Oh, come on! # N'andro ♪ N'andro sola e lontana... ♪ CHEERING ♪ E fra le nubi d'or! ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE - Have we lost him? - Well done! Hello. - Oh, my God. - Hello. - What's your name? - My name is Lucy. Wow, Lucy. Thanks for giving everyone that moment. - It was incredible. - Thank you. It was really special. I'm still dizzy. Oh, good. Me too a little bit. Are you a professional opera singer? No, I'm not. I am an usher in the West End. - I check tickets and sell ice creams. - Well, this is one of those things where you should be doing that one day and singing when you're doing it and some guy just come in and go, "Put that girl on the stage!" LAUGHTER Yeah, it was absolutely marvellous. - Thank you so much. - APPLAUSE I... I just don't know what to say. I mean, I was honestly going to start crying. Like, your voice is so beautiful and that's me being completely honest. I just had to press the button because you just deserve me too. APPLAUSE Can I ask you a question? Do you sing any other style of music other than that? Erm... Well, yeah. I love to sing anything. - My dad was a jazz singer and I grew up singing jazz. - Great! He was! A really good one too. I do some pop and stuff. Whatever you want me to do. No, no, no! So I didn't even know that turning... - Before I even turn around, I was just like... - Dope. ..if she just wants to do opera all day, let's go! Awesome. You know, a lot of times people think that style shouldn't be on popular radio. That's not necessarily true. Just that no-one has really cracked the code. And anybody who has the courage to come up on a show like this and risk people not turning around and perform the way you've done it, then... darn it, somebody has to turn around for that and I'm glad me and Rita did. - I had to. - Me too! Thanks. You deserve to be on this show. - APPLAUSE - Thank you. Thank you. Er, yeah, thank you very much for giving us all... It's obvious from the audience's reaction that this is what you were born to do and carry on with one of these guys. Thank you so much. Thank you. Do you know what? I just wanted you to know that I just love you. Thanks! AUDIENCE CHANTING - She's got to pick. Who's she going to go for? - She's got to pick? OK, so, I guess... AUDIENCE SHOUTING - will.i.am it is. - Whoo! - Thank you so much. Thank you all! - You did great. - Thank you so much for turning round. No, you're awesome. I love the way you sing, just that, you know, I wouldn't know what to do. Oh, I never said why I didn't turn round. - It's because I'm a bit of an idiot. - Oh, OK. LAUGHTER CHEERING She blew me away, so I need to come up with some really good pitches and I'm still new at this. This is my first ever series. - You're doing really good. - Am I? - Yeah. - I'm so pleased for you! - Thank you. You just knocked me sideways. Wherever you're working, someone is missing a major trick by letting you sell ice cream instead of letting you be on that stage. - Fingers crossed it will change. - Yes! So pleased. # My name is Will # My second name is I ♪ My third name's am Oh, yeah, uh-huh... ♪ Oh, pretty sick. Pretty sick. Yeah, Rita. Next up, 27-year-old Howard Rose. He's known what he wants for a very long time. Since I was a young lad, I wanted to be a rock star. Three years ago, my friend and I formed a band in the Midlands. We decided we were going to move to Manchester and try and make it, but unfortunately, we didn't get the big break, so we all started to pick up other jobs. MUSIC: Sunshine Of Your Love by Cream # Bom, bom, bom, bom, ♪ Bom, bom, bom, bom-bom, bom... ♪ I'm now a tutor at the School of Rock & Pop. OK, guys, listen up. 'It's exactly like the film School Of Rock. Yeah. Is everybody ready to take it to 11? Whoo! Yeah! We get a bunch of kids who've never played any kind of musical instruments before and we put them into a band scenario. Whoo! Nice one, brilliant. I like to get really involved in it. Bam-bam, bam, bow! I am like Jack Black. Good work, guys. Whoo! Let's go! I do my best to make sure those kids know what it's like to be a rock star. When they walk into that school hall to applause, it's such a fulfilling feeling for me. - Let me introduce to you The House Band! - APPLAUSE I love the work that I do at the School of Rock & Pop. But the dream of being a rock 'n' roll star, it's never left me. And that's why I'm here today. Come on, Howie! Come on, Howie! # People try to put us down # Just because we get around, Oh, we get around # Things they do look awful cold # I hope I die before I get old # This is my generation # My generation, babe # My generation ♪ My generation, babe... ♪ RITA: (He sounds hot.) # Hey! # Why don't you go and fade away? # Don't try to dig what we all say # Yeah, yeah, no, I'm not trying to cause a big sensation # No, no, no # I'm just talkin' 'bout my generation # This is my generation # My generation, babe # This is my generation, yeah, yeah ♪ My generation... ♪ CHEERING # People try to put us down ♪ Now we're talkin' talkin' talkin' 'bout, yeah... ♪ Argh! ♪ This is my generation. ♪ CHEERING Hey! CHEERING Well done. Brilliant. I don't want to know what he looks like! I don't want to know what he looks like. - Hello. - Why didn't I turn around? Why didn't I turn around?! Oh, Rita! "Oh, Rita!" You're so naughty! LAUGHTER What's your name? - My name's Howard Rose. - And where are you from? Erm, I'm originally from the Midlands but now I live in Greater Manchester. CHEERING Nice. I did not expect that voice. I mean, you owned that song. And your voice was clear and you know what? You killed it. Good job. Thank you very much. Wow. Well, erm, I loved it. You sounded like a women in parts. - Yeah, yeah. - You know, and... - What?! I thought so. You know, in areas. But I thought, "Well, if it's a woman or a man, "whoever this is needs to be on this show," because you have a tremendous voice. Thank you very much. I'm really soggy about it right now. Soggy meaning... You know when you're eating breakfast and, like, somebody calls you - and your cereal gets all soggy and you wish.... - And it's so annoying. I don't like that because I want to be crispy. - LAUGHTER - OK. Yeah, me too. Absolutely. And, darn, I wish I could be pitching against Tom and Ricky right now, but I'm red and soggy. - Hey, Howard. - Hey, Ricky. People expect me to hear an acoustic guitar and a guy singing and turn but, you know... 99 times out of 100, it does nothing for me because I can see how it's done. But I couldn't see how that was done and it was spectacular and it had this confidence in it that came across. I want you on my team. Erm... Oh, my goodness. AUDIENCE SHOUTING See, look. Ricky's got his fingers crossed. It's a really, really tough decision. APPLAUSE - Who do you think he's going to go for? Tom or Ricky? - Tom. - I'm going to go with Tom. - CHEERING Thank you. You're a great, great singer. - Thank you very much. - And we can do a lot of things. - Happy with that? - Yeah. Well done. Wow! That guy is freaking awesome. - Yeah. - Awesome! CHEERING I've got one act. This is the start of something great. - Can't compete with the legend. - Well... Darn... Should have turned. Was it a tough one to choose between Ricky and Tom? Yeah, it really was. It was much harder than I thought it was going to be because both of them are, like, the people I would have gone with anyway. I think there's a lot of places he can go. - Yeah. Well, don't mess it up, Tom, eh? - I won't mess it up. So, all the boys are off the mark, leaving new girl Rita something to think about. I'm a bit gutted because I turned around for those two girls. I just haven't won one yet. But it's only three people. We'll see what happens. Like many teenagers, our next act, Emilie Cunliffe, looks to her mum for inspiration. Now, my mum is an actress, but back in the day, she was actually in a pop band called Hearsay. ♪ Ooh, ooh, wherever you go... ♪ My name is Kym, and I am Emilie's mum. OK, sweetie? Pure & Simple, it's a good song that. I used to be my mum's biggest fan actually. I've still got all her album on my phone. I never really put it on! My mum actually got her big break on a singing competition like this. What is it like for you, Kym? Because it's kind of gone full circle. - How many years ago was it you did it? - Nearly 14. - It was you sat here... - I know, yes. ..about to audition and walk into that room, so you know how she is feeling and you also know now how your mum was feeling. Yeah, couldn't sleep last night. I've been nervous, in a good way. I'm so proud of her. I don't think I sound anything like my mum, but my mum always says I sound much better than she was at her age. She's done so well to come this far and she's still so young. I was 24 when I did Popstars so, she's 16. - Is there any part of you, Kym, that didn't want her to do it? - Yeah, of course. The thing is with Emma, she's so headstrong, - she'd have done it anyway. - Yeah... On the sly! She inspires me in that kind of thing because she never gave up. I love her. She's great. Just because she's my mum doesn't mean that I'm not my own person. I don't want to be known as just Kym's daughter. Come on, Em! Come on! ♪ I've got a feeling... ♪ I got a good feeling about this. # High dive into frozen waves ♪ Where the past comes back to life... ♪ Come on, baby! # Fight fear for the selfish pain # It was worth it every time # Cos you are the piece of me # I wish I didn't need # Chasing relentlessly # Still fighting and I don't know why # If our love is tragedy ♪ Why are you my clarity? ♪ Come on, baby! Come on! Come on, Em! # Oh, if our love's insanity # Why are you my clarity? # Why are you my clarity? # Why are you my remedy? # If our love is tragedy ♪ Why are you my remedy? ♪ CHEERING # ..insanity, Why are you my clarity? # Why are you my clarity? APPLAUSE - Oh! - Oh! Wow! I made a mistake here. What's your name, love? - Emilie. - Where are you from? Manchester. CHEERING How old are you? - 16. - 16! I can't criticise you because I don't think there's anything to criticise, it was all there and, well, you sounded lovely. On reflection, I should have hit my button so I'm sorry about that. I had a tiny speck of doubt to press my button, I was there and I did press it but too late, did you see that? - It was brilliant. - Thank you. I don't know what that seed of doubt was in my mind that stopped me doing it earlier but it was there, you are what I'm looking for on my team, but I didn't press the button in time. He did - he pushed it too late, I saw him do it. We four coaches ordered well done steak, right. That's the metaphor. But the temperature you were cooking it at the beginning didn't really cook it well done to now open up the steak and it's red on the inside and I asked the lady, "Excuse me, I asked for well done, it's still bloody." Not that people don't like medium rare, it's just that we asked for well done. I like medium rare. I like my metaphors. A lot. A lot, for example... - Hi. - Hi. - There's so many female singers, you need to make sure that you stand out for yourself, so I think you have so much time on your hands to figure out what it is that will make people remember you, because you're beautiful, you've got incredible tone, but you have now got this opportunity to go away and tell yourself in the mirror, "What am I going to do to stand out amongst all these other females "in this music industry?" When you figure that out, please come back. Thank you. You've got plenty of time. - Come on... - Plenty of time. Thank you! - Do you want to go and see her? - Yeah. - She's going to be gutted, absolutely gutted. - Aw! You didn't. You didn't, you didn't at all, you didn't at all, sweetie. You didn't, I promise you, OK? Listen. Listen to me, you are amazing. I'm so proud of you, OK? - You did fantastically. - I didn't. - You're just a baby, you did so well. Hey, you did so well, you did. CHEERING You did brilliantly. - I was thinking about it. - Yeah, I was too, but when there's - that seed of doubt... - I know. - If she comes back in a year or two, she'll be fine. - Yeah. Noes are horrible and we hate them, and we get down and it really affects us all because we've all been there. We know what it's like to be on stage and to go through auditions and for somebody to say no, it's hard, it's a hard thing. You know when I started I got dropped three times from three different record labels, I was so frustrated and I was so aggravated with myself, but I never lose my hunger and I never have and I never will, so they shouldn't either. Cos to say for every door that closes, one opens - no, bro. For every door that closes in the parking lot, there's a key for a bulldozer. Don't be waiting for somebody to knock on the door - that was yesterday! Ding dong, hey, I want to sing. No, bro. Can you give me the key to that bulldozer so I can break down this freaking wall? MIMICS ENGINE STARTING Boom! That's what we need right now, we need that. Last year, 17-year-old Ryan Green failed to make the coaches turn. But he has found the keys to that bulldozer and he's back. Take the anger of us not turning round, and put it into your singing to give it more of an edge. Singing means everything to me. If I don't get a turnaround for the second time, I'll be more gutted than last year, I don't want to go through that again. I'm nervous, really nervous. I'm quite desperate for history not to repeat itself. Come on, Ryan! Go for it, Ryan! # Call it magic # Call it true ♪ Call it magic... ♪ Yes! - Rita likes it. - Come on, Rita! # Call it you # And I don't and I don't and I don't and I don't # No, I don't, it's true # And I don't and I don't and I don't ♪ But I call it magic... ♪ CHEERING # But with all your magic # Disappear from view # And I can't get over ♪ I can't get over you... ♪ Come on, will! ♪ Still I call it magic... ♪ This is the moment! # Such a precious jewel # Yeah ♪ And I don't and I don't and I don't... ♪ Shh! # No, I don't and I don't and I don't ♪ But I call it magic... ♪ Come on, press the button! ♪ Yes, I do. ♪ CHEERING SHOUTING So cute, I'm so happy no-one else turned around! - Yay! - Thank you so much. I'm really flustered, you're so handsome, come over here. - What's your name? - Ryan. - Hi. - Thank you so much, thank you. I knew it... I just felt your innocence and I don't know it took me seconds to turn around and I felt like...and I knew you were playing it because I could feel it because it was going to your time and you were really in sync with yourself and you really felt like you wanted to be on that stage. Oh, I'm so happy you're on my team. Thank you so much! Good. How old are you? - I'm 17 years old. - You're 17? I was on the show last year. I thought it was him. - What happened? - I didn't get a turnaround, but I got amazing comments from everyone. - Go on, Will. - What's your name? Ryan Green and I'm from Essex and I play the piano and I sing. CHEERING I'm so happy that you're on the show this year and you're in good hands with Rita. I know, I'm so lucky to have Rita as a coach. I can't believe I'm saying that, it's mad. Thank you, you're just like a breath of fresh air. I like your timidness, you know? - Thank you very much. - RICKY: Vulnerable. - Vulnerable, yeah, that's the word. - Thank you. I've got a lot of songs in my head and that's not one of them. - OK. - Maybe I should know that song, I don't know. But I don't think it did anything for your voice. I was waiting for you to stretch up and if the melody of the song doesn't allow that, it's not going to show it but your tone was really good. - Thank you. - And your phrasing was really good. - Hey, Ryan. - Hi. - You made it. I made it, I can't believe it, I can't believe... - Yeah, I kind of thought it might be you. - Yeah. - I'm glad it is you. Did you have anyone in mind on the panel that you thought you would go for if we all turned round? Who would you...? Well, to be honest, last year I probably did have someone in mind but then after I didn't get a turnaround, this year... I would've been happy with anyone - but literally Rita Ora, what more can I say really? - I know! Forget them! The thing is, it's a real perfect fit. I think it is definitely. And I think I'd feel guilty if I turned around and I'd try to steal you but I'm really pleased for you and Rita. - Thank you. - I'm pleased you're back, pleased for Rita. - This is what it's all about, isn't it? - It's exciting now, that's it. CHEERING Oh, I got my first one! I'm glad you're on the show. He had us all so upset last year cos we didn't turn around and when we turned round, we were like, "16!" But maybe you weren't ready, maybe now is your time. Maybe this is meant to be, yeah. Thank you so much. I'm so excited. I knew you were playing, I felt it. - Yeah. - I'm going to be there every step of the way, - you've got nothing to worry about. - Thank you so much. - All right? - Thank you. - I don't know what I have to do now but honestly you've got nothing to worry about at all, - you're going to be great. - Thank you. CHEERING You did it, Ryan, you did it! It was so good! Yay, I've got my first one! Thank you. Good choice, right? Yeah, I knew it. Whoo! He's so cute. - Congratulations. - Thanks, had my first baby. APPLAUSE Thanks, guys. Come on, big boy! - I feel like our mission is complete! - I know. That's it. Let's go down the pub! One - I'm glad that Ryan came back. Two - I'm glad that Rita turned for him. Ryan's amazing, I mean if I was here last year, I would have turned for him but I guess the coaches must have had a good reason for it so I'm happy that I got him at the right time. I find it weird when people are like 16 or 17 cos I think about what I was doing at that age, I was still playing with my Action Man, you know. At 17? I was a very late bloomer. - Nice to know. - Right, then! Now, viewers of a certain age will know our next act. Prepare for kids' TV royalty. My name is Paul Cullinan, I'm 48 and I'm an entertainer. In the '90s, I got to play Bungle from Rainbow. It's great being Bungle because the reaction from people and they're like, "Oh, my goodness me, you were Bungle in Rainbow!" And I'm like... AS BUNGLE: "Yes, I was Bungle in Rainbow. Bye, George!" NORMALLY: And it really freaks everybody out. Coming with me today, I've got my two daughters, my mum, other friends and family and I've got Ozzy Osbourne. Remember, rock'n'roll! - Rock'n'roll! - Give it some of the rock. 'Ozzy Osbourne is my only celebrity lookalike friend' to come today because the rest of them are busy. George Michael, he's working in a working men's club down in London. Marilyn Monroe, she's working over in Warrington. And Robbie Williams and Rod Stewart are both working together down in Southampton. 'As an entertainer, I do big gigs, I do little gigs.' But this gig... this is a big gig. # Mustang Sally ♪ Guess you better slow your mustang down... ♪ Go on, turn around! # You've been running all over town ♪ Guess you've gotta put your flat feet on the ground... ♪ OK, I want to hear you lot sing this with me. Come on! # All you wanna do is ride around, Sally # Ride, Sally, ride # All you wanna do is ride around, Sally # Ride, Sally, ride # All you wanna do is ride around, Sally ♪ Ride, Sally, ride... ♪ Coaches! # All you wanna do is ride around, Sally # Ride, Sally, ride # One of these early mornings ♪ I'm going to be wiping those weeping eyes. ♪ CHEERING - Hello! - Hello, mate, what's your name? - My name's Paul. - Paul. - I'm 48, I'm from London. Whoo! CHEERING Paul, 48 from London, are you a professional singer? - I'm an events organiser and entertainer. - Cool. - I used to do Rainbow. - Which? - I was Bungle. - You were Bungle? CHEERING Can you do the voice? - AS BUNGLE: - I was there with George and Zippy. CHEERING AS ZIPPY: Zippy! Geoffrey! Will's going... OK, so there was this guy called Geoffrey that lives in a house with a pink hippo called George... A kind of... I don't know what he was but a guy called Zippy - who had a zip for a mouth... - Yep. - ..and a slightly camp bear. - That was me! - Called Bungle. CHEERING So your character was Bungle? I was Bungle the bear, Will, yes. So do you know what would have been awesome? If, like, you came singing like a Barry White song... - OK. - ..and then we turned around and you was Bungle the bear... - LAUGHTER - ..that would have been awesome! That just would have been really creepy. No, no, no because it's a play on bears. OK, Will. APPLAUSE Anyway, anyway, you sang it really well. - It just wasn't what I was looking for today. - That's all right. - But you know... - Just one of those things. When you say entertainer, that's exactly what you did, you had the audience on their feet and singing along. - They were great. - CHEERING And you had... You had all of us singing along as well. I can actually say I've sang along with Tom now so I'm happy with that. - I was singing along with you, then. - Thank you, sir. Ha. So was I, what about me? APPLAUSE Will, were you singing with me? I mean, yeah. You said... I mean, you were like, "Everybody sing along now." I think I'm part of everybody. - APPLAUSE - Thanks, Will! You know you took on a song that was a huge record by Wilson Pickett and if you're going to try and do that, you have to try and take it somewhere else, you did a good job with it. - Thank you, Tom. - But it was too much like the original. OK, that's fair enough, thank you. PIANO PLAYS RAINBOW THEME Yeah, that's it! # Rainbows flying high # Up above the streets and houses of the sky ♪ Paint the whole world with a rainbow! ♪ CHEERING Maybe I should have done the song. - Thanks for coming. - Thank you very much. Nice to meet you, Bungle. - Huge part of my childhood. - Thank you very much. Thank you, it's been great. - Nice to meet you, thank you very much. - Thank you. - All the best. - Thank you very much indeed. - Take care. - AUDIENCE: - Bungle! Bungle! Bungle! I tell you what, we had some kid shows, didn't we? - When was that on then? - Erm... - Late '80s. - Oh. - When you were a child? - Yeah. - See that's the thing... - Yeah. - ..when I was a kid, Sooty was still on. - He was on when I was a kid too. - Bill and Ben, the Flower Pot Men. Flob-lob-lob-a! APPLAUSE - What were you saying? - Flob-lob-lob-a! - What about Muffin the Mule? - Now you're going way back. ♪ We want Muffin, Muffin the Mule... ♪ - CHEERING - That's what I remember. - Did anybody else remember Muffin the Mule? - Yes! Don't tell me I'm the oldest person in this room. - Andy Pandy? - Somebody said yes. Oh, dear. 'Ricky, Tom, Rita, Will and Bungle, our line-up of icons is complete.' 'But clearly our coaches need more to get spinning.' You've always got to shock people and surprise people in what you're great at and what makes you amazing. I want to go to bed and remember what you did on that stage. You don't let them forget you. Ever. It's really important that they can sell the performance so they've got to be more than the voice, it needs to be honest and truthful but exciting at the same time. Anybody that gets on stage should own it. You know, you shouldn't get on the stage if you don't feel you're going to own it. They need presence, they need to be able to bring it and tell a story. Them's the rules. 'Next to audition is 26-year-old Hannah Symons.' When I was 24, I released a single with a band called Templecloud and it was called One Big Family. 'It was on a very famous chicken shop advert.' I still get, "Chicken lady!" shouted at me at home. "Who likes chicken?" Me! After releasing that single, we weren't prepared for how big it was going to be. One minute, you're hot news and the next minute you're yesterday's news. I think my confidence was knocked. I just needed a break. At the moment, I work as a teaching assistant but in the evenings I still do writing. That's kind of where I've been for the last two years, hiding in a studio working on songs for other people. I was lucky enough to co-write a song called Powerless on Rudimental's number one album, it was an absolute dream come true. # I need to be strong ♪ But you've made me weak... ♪ Today's my chance to sing that song and to prove to myself that I'm ready to perform again. Here she is. # Bury my ghost # Start my glory days # Infiltrate my heart # And take the pain away # It took me time # To see through your eyes # No, I'm not scared # My words, they're not lies # I'm powerless for your love # I need to be strong # But you have made me weak # I won't do you wrong # Cos these feelings run deep # Where do we belong? # Cos I know the time is right # Cos I'm powerless for your love # With you by my side # I won't be alone ♪ Now I can call you my own... ♪ Four turns! Come on, Tom! # I need to be strong # But you have me weak # I won't do you wrong ♪ Cos these feelings run deep... ♪ - Tom, make it four out of four, come on! - Come on, Tom! # Cos I'm powerless for your love ♪ I think I'm losing my mind. ♪ CHEERING Whoo, whoo, whoo! CHEERING Whoa. - That's the first time today, four turns. - Is it? - Yeah! - Hi! - What's your name? I'm Hannah Symons, I'm from Bath in the South West but living in London at the moment. - Oh, my gosh, wow. - Well, I turned straightaway because you have a very, very amazing, awesome tone. You got a little wobbly when you started seeing people turn around though. - You're excited, I would too though. - That's cool, that's cool. - Freak out! - I was a bit like, "No!" That's great but, like, one day you're going to be at the O2 and - you're going to see the crowd, you'll be like, "Whoa!" - Yeah. We'll get through that on this competition though. Thank you. No, this is not what I expected at all, I was hoping for one chair. I turned around because I just love a husky voice. You've got just such a sexy tone to yourself and you're really distinctive and I love the strength that you have when you hit those notes, you just, honestly, you just sang your heart out - and that's really what made me turn around. - Thanks, I tried! APPLAUSE Do you sing a lot? - Yeah, I actually wrote that song. - Did you? - Oh! I co-wrote it with Rudimental. - A big plus if you write as well as you sound. - Thank you. - Do you know what the hardest part is? Letting your babies go. - Yeah. Cos if you're writing a song, writing from inside and you let it go, - that's actually harder than getting up on stage and singing. - Yeah. So you've already accomplished the hardest thing so congratulations. APPLAUSE Your execution of the song, it was like real and no holds barred, you just pushed the... You know, like that. I loved it anyway, I loved everything about it, - you came off really, really strong. - Aw, thank you so much. CHEERING So I turned round because I suddenly thought, "You're through anyway." Because Will had just got in before me. He'd just suddenly got there. I haven't really got a very good track record going up against Will in pitches but a lot of people can just belt it out, right? But to belt it out like that and still keep the feeling in there and keep the meaning of it, - you proved yourself so I really enjoyed it. - Wow! APPLAUSE Hope to see you in the battle, but I really hope I'm in charge of it. SHE LAUGHS Erm, so, wow, I guess I have to pick someone. - Can I ask a question? - Yes. So, when you write, has anybody ever like produced you? A few years ago, I had a single out and that's where it all started. I've tried writing with people and I find it really stressful - cos it's like walking into a room and taking your clothes off and being... - Absolutely. - ..with someone you don't really know. - You're so exposed. I think I can help you with that. - What getting naked in front of a lot of people? - I can help you. APPLAUSE Can I just say one more thing, you sounded good, I mean, better, than the track that I would hear on the radio. So, for me, it's more of a thing where I'm so happy you're here. If I had the honour of being in charge of your battle, I probably would just say, "Do your thing", - and that's it. - That's amazing, thank you so much. And I can bring your diva out! You know what, I wouldn't do that, because it would be a waste, because everyone can get better and you need someone that can challenge you. I want to get better. I want someone who's going to push me, challenge me. - I think I can do that. - Yeah? So, we all love you. It's up to you now. Oh, my God. I don't know what to do! You're so good, I can't wait. Can you pick already? Because I'm getting anxious, I am. Oh, God, it's really hard though. We're the ones that are panicking now. AUDIENCE SHOUTS Ah... The thing is, before I came here, I guess I had, in my mind, who I thought I would work with. Who was that? Do you want me to tell you who I'm picking? ALL: Yes. OK, the team I'm going to go with is... APPLAUSE ..Ricky's team. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE That's OK. - I think that's a great decision. - Yay! CHEERING Wonderful, really strong, you know? You're confident. - Well done. - Oh, it's a pleasure to meet you guys. Congratulations, I can't wait to hear your own stuff. Well done, you're so proud. - See you later. - Thank you. That is incredible. I don't really pitch that hard, unless I really wanted it. Oh, no, I think we will work well together. - Also I've never won a four before. - Let's win this, then. - Yeah, OK. For real, for real, I didn't expect that one at all. Didn't expect what? - Her to pick Ricky. - Yeah... WILD CHEERING - I did not see that happening. - What? - I did not see that happening. - You didn't see it? - I'm all wobbly again. Meet aspiring rocker Matt Eaves, from Worcester. By day, he's an audiovisuals engineer. Tell us more, Matt. I travel up and down the country repairing projectors, TV screens, speakers... I'm trying to make it sound interesting, but isn't! My ambition wasn't always to be an audiovisual engineer, it was only ever a temporary job that's lasted for ten years. I've always wanted to be a singer and a musician. I found rock music through my dad's CD collection, I suppose. I love the power and the energy of the music, and the honesty of it. I thought, "That's what I want to sound like. "I want to be able to do that." You only get one chance and I intend to take mine. # There is a house in New Orleans # They call the Rising Sun # And it's been the ruin # Of many a poor boy # And, God, I know that I'm one # Mother, mother! # Tell your children # Not to do what I have done # Spend your lives # In sin and misery # At the House of the Rising Sun # Whoa, there is a house # In New Orleans # They call the Rising Sun # Yeah, yeah, yeah, oh! # It's been the ruin # Of many a poor boy # And God # I know that I'm one # Yeah, yeah ♪ Yes, I'm one... ♪ - Come on! - Push it, Tom! ♪ I'm one. ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Oh, no! Such a shame. ALL SIGH APPLAUSE QUIETENS - AUDIENCE: - AW! - Hello. - Hello. - Hi. - What's your name? - Matt Eaves. - I'm kind of bummed that no-one turned. - And me. Cos your voice, you have a very cool rasp and a powerful voice. Oh, this part sucks pretty much, you're having to tell an awesome singer why you didn't turn, cos you're an awesome singer. That's all right, thank you. It's just nice to get this far. - This is good enough for me. - Well, I think you're a great singer. - Thank you, sir. - I was almost there. Believe me, I was almost there, and then you went to one little thing up there that I thought you might have stretched it a little too far, I've done it myself. But you do have an incredible voice, it's a strong, big, powerful, rangy voice that I liked very much. I'm so sorry that I didn't press my button and that's the truth. Thank you very much, I appreciate that. APPLAUSE As an audition goes, it was pretty much the cleverest all day because you climbed stairs and showed us what you got - and lead us. - Thank you. You were going in at a pretty high step anyway, so it just got better and better. And the truth about me not turning is pretty pathetic, which is it's not my kind of thing. That doesn't mean I didn't like it. Like Tom, I regret not turning because I'm not looking for my type of thing, I'm looking for a great singer and you're a great singer. I appreciate that, thank you for that. CHEERING You have the tone, you have rasp, and you're clearly very comfortable with your own voice, we could coach you, but I wouldn't personally know how to, and that's just me being completely honest - and putting my hands up and saying, you know? - That's cool. I appreciate your time today, so thank you for coming in. - Thank you. - APPLAUSE And the audience loved it, and they were all up for it. The audience were wicked. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE - Thank you. - Well done, Matt. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE I'm starting to understand it now. Everybody can sing, that comes on. Yeah, yeah, that's the tough bit. Everybody. So, it's like, what can you say to somebody who can obviously sing? SILENCE # I'll do my best ♪ I'll do my best to do my best... ♪ Next up, Glasgow, home of our youngest act, Stephen McLaughlin, and his biggest fan, Mum. Me and Stephen, we are buddies. I'm the boss and he is my... 'He's a good boy.' I probably see my mum as my best friend. She's a very cheery person, so that's a good thing. I love that line! Do you not? Stephen and I have been working on a musical that we have been writing, the only problem is we don't have any musical talent! HE PLAYS A NOTE Stephen can play the glockenspiel! SHE LAUGHS I can't do it! First time I heard Stephen singing, he sang the song from Titanic. ♪ My heart will go on and... ♪ And we were all kind of wide-eyed, like... Ah, very proud of him. He was a quiet wee boy. I thought, "Oh, his voice is nearly as good as mine!" Who am I kidding?! Stephen's singing has moved me to tears. Sometimes I forget how good he is. I'm proud of you. 'He's 16 and he's here' singing for these four people, phew! Big. Wish him luck! 'This is the opportunity, maybe, for his voice to be heard.' I want to make my mum proud today with this blind audition. Butterflies? I do get them a lot before I go on stage. I don't want to let myself be too nervous, but it's just overwhelming. ENCOURAGING SHOUTS # Oh, come on! Come on! # Didn't I make you feel # Honey, like you were the only one? ♪ Yeah! ♪ ENCOURAGING SHOUTS # Than a man possibly can # Honey, you know I did! # That each time I tell myself ♪ Love, well, I think I've had enough... ♪ ENCOURAGEMENT # I'm going to show you, baby # That a man can be tough # I want you to come on, come on # Come on, come on, come on # And take it! ♪ Take another little piece of my heart now, baby! ♪ Ah, come on! # Have another little piece of my heart now, darling # Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah # Have another little piece of my heart now, baby ♪ You know you've got it if it makes you feel good. ♪ Go! # Come on # Come on # Come on, come on # And take it! # Take another little piece of my heart now, baby # Have another little piece of my heart now, darling # Yeah, yeah, yeah # Have another little piece of my heart now, baby # You know you've got it - # If it makes you feel good. # - Come on! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE WILD CHEERING He's done so well. Oh, bless him. He's done so well. AUDIENCE GROANS Uh-oh. I knew it! I told you! I knew it. I told you. Did you say it was a guy? Yeah. - What's your name? - I'm Stephen McLaughlin and I'm 16. CHEERING - Hi, man. - Hi. - How's it going? - Fine, thank you. I got your clue in the song when you sang "man" instead of "woman". - HE LAUGHS - I got that. It was extraordinary and I've got loads of excuses that are in my mind for not turning, I'm not going to bother using any of them, Twitter and everything, - people are going to be going mental. - What is wrong with you? Are you deaf? But there's no excuse, and we're the idiots and you're the superstar, and it's a good day to find you. APPLAUSE I'm talking to myself in my head, I'm having a... I just got a brain mail from myself. LAUGHTER And I opened up the brain mail and it said, "will-i-shoulda-turned." and that's my new name right now. - Cos you are an amazing singer. - Thank you. But the fact that you're 16, dang! I'm really will-i-shoulda-turned, yeah. Thank you. Honestly, I was expecting a woman, you know, I mean, I... You sound... And an old... No, really! LAUGHTER You sound like an experienced female singer, because of the command that you had for the song, maybe if I could have visualised you more correctly, then I would have hit my button but really...tremendous. Thank you. APPLAUSE To be just 16 years old and to sound like that, for me to really... I couldn't believe it and I'm now looking at you and I really, really, I am really sorry, and I really hate the fact that I didn't turn around and I absolutely love you and you're 16 and you're going to walk off this stage and someone's going to call you and sign you in a minute. - HE LAUGHS - Thank you. APPLAUSE - And if they don't, they're stupid! - Yes. - Wow, that's incredible, incredible. - I'm so upset. Incredible, son, honestly, on my life. It's... - I'm so sorry, I'm so upset. - That's OK. I should have turned around. - Yeah, don't let it put you off. - Thank you. CHEERING I was going to start crying. I love him. He reminds me of my little brother. That's the biggest surprise I've had on this show, hearing something and then seeing something completely different. He was so cute. - ALL: - So cute. I want to give him a note, can I have a pen? - Well done, Stephen. - Well done, my boy. That was good, weren't it? ALL CONGRATULATE Mr Deep Dimple, we should have all turned for him, we're all soggy for that. Tom's a soggy monster, Ricky's a soggy monster, Rita has soggy socks, we're all just sog. I really regret Stephen. I feel like an idiot. I think we all lost when we didn't turn for Stephen. It's just so hard to say no to people, I really didn't know how hard it was going to be and I wasn't prepared for it. He must just feel gutted and I don't want him to feel like that, I hated it, I hated it, I hated it! Can I go and see him? - Hey, Stephen! - Hi! - How are you? - I'm fine. You should be really proud of your boy, I wrote you a little note and I just want you to keep it with you and I'm so sorry I didn't turn, you truly made me emotional, you're going to start me off! - Oh, no! - Because you're really good. "Dear Stephen, don't let this be the end, you truly moved me "and I think the world will lose out if you don't show them your talent. "Sorry I didn't turn round "and thank you for moving me. Love, Rita." And I gave you a little kiss there. - You're great. - Oh, wow. - All right, Stephen, are you OK? Are you feeling all right? - I'm fine. That was nice. I will never forget that, ever. Please, enjoy this. - Thank you. - Thank you. Have an amazing day. - Thank you, bye! Thank you, bye! Oh, that was so lovely! Wow-wee! You keep that safe, that's getting framed! - HE LAUGHS - In the frame. What a good kid. Tonight's final act should have no problem taking our stage considering his day job. My name's Stevie McCrorie, I'm 29, I'm a firefighter and I'm from Scotland. I love being a firefighter. It's the type of job where you can be involved in people's lives and you can help people. Ultimately, you can save people's lives and I feel very privileged about being in the job. I live with my fiancee and I've got a little daughter, she's called Bebe. She's nearly two. I love her to bits. I always had the dream of being a singer, and being in bands was like the main thing. Before I had Bebe, I kind of just went on a bit of a dream, she's the reason why I've got a bit more courage and stuff to do this type of thing. So, how did you end up here today? What made you want to come and do this? Actually, it was guys at my work that applied for me cos they were always at me saying, "Oh, you need to go for something like this." And I was like, "No, no way." Cos they probably have more faith in me than I do in myself. I hear Stevie singing every day, constantly. Can you keep the singing down today, please. He has amazing talent and I think The Voice would be a great place to showcase that talent. It's definitely nice to know that they've got faith in me and look out for me and believe in my own ability because sometimes I'm not always pushing myself. So, it's good to have other people around me that believe in what I do. If I got a turn, it could change my life and my whole family's life, potentially, for ever. # All I want is nothing more # To hear you knocking at my door # Cos if I could see your face once more # I could die a happy man, I'm sure # But if you loved me # Why'd you leave me? # Take my body # Take my body # All I want is # And all I need is # To find somebody # I'll find somebody # Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh # Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh # Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh, oh # And all I want is # And all I need is # To find somebody # I'll find somebody ♪ Ah... ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE ♪ Oh-oh-oh! ♪ Thanks very much, guys. Thanks, everybody. Hi, what's your name? My name is Stevie McCrorie, I'm 29 from Scotland and I'm a firefighter. WILD CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Well, can you, um, put that out, please? I'll try my best, thanks, Ricky. - You all right there? - I need some help. - You what? LAUGHTER - It's nice to meet you, Stevie. - It's nice to meet you, thank you. So, how long have you been singing? I'm 29, so I've been singing for 15 years, - I just never really got a break and then had a wee girl... - AUDIENCE: - AW! ..and I thought to focus on my career and stuff, just go for that, eh? Thanks very much! Well, I never turn for big rock male voices like that. So, did you turn? I turned, look. - Oh, right, I wasn't sure. - All our lights are on. - We all did. - When the chairs light up, that means we turned. - Oh, right. Did you have your eyes closed? My eyes were closed at the end, and then you guys were there. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE What I'm saying is, sometimes when you do a big rock performance it's hard to get the emotion across because of the power of it, but to match up that power and emotion with something that I was not just impressed by, because "impressed" makes it seem like I was thinking about it, I wasn't thinking about it. I was just enjoying it. It was great, mate. Thanks very much, that means a lot. How are you doing, Will? - I'm all right, fit-like. - I'm great, "fit-like"! That's a good one, that's up north, further up north. That's all I know, fit-like! LAUGHTER - No, you were awesome. - Thanks very much. Rita turned first and then, I was looking at Ricky like, "Rick-eh! Are you going to turn?" So, anyways, then I was like "Whoo, let me turn!" - Actually, I turned after Tom turned. - Yeah. And then the squad in the back was like. - "Hit the button! Hit the button!" right? - Thanks very much. And so then, I hit it, right? - But, yeah, you're awesome, bro. - Thanks very much, cheers. APPLAUSE Uh, Stevie, don't fall for it, she does the thing with her eyes. - Yeah, I can see that. - Oh, is it me yet? - Yeah. Give me a second because I had something to say and you're just standing like that, and your legs are like that... ALL LAUGH And you've got tattoos on your arms and, you know, they're MUSIC NOTES... SHE PUFFS - You're really hot. - Oh, thanks. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Thanks. Wait, cos I wrote something down, I did. What was your name? - Uh, Stevie. - I knew that. "Dear Stevie... "I really fell in love with... "your tone of voice, and then, I turned around FIRST..." APPLAUSE I don't know if we've started pitching yet, but can I start the pitch off? - Go ahead. - # Ah, pitch off! # LAUGHTER You excite me in... No, in music terms, everybody. LAUGHTER Right... If we were to be together coaching-wise, we would set fire to the stage and you wouldn't need to put it out. - Oh, I like that! - CHEERING AND APPLAUSE That was good! I like that one! Yeah, that's awesome. Awesome. OK, can I go now? - Yes. - Thank you. Um, I waited as long as possible just in case you might trip up somewhere, and I thought to myself, "Why don't I just enjoy what this man is doing?" and I did from start to finish. So, more credibility to you because you sounded great. Thanks very much, Tom, honestly. That means a lot, thank you. So, Stevie, whoever you choose to go with, you've got to go on instinct, if you don't choose me it wasn't right anyway, it wasn't right for you. So, that's great, but I would advise you to go with who you think's the best fit for you and that can take you the furthest. So, I'm just going to ask you to go with your gut. HE EXHALES AUDIENCE SHOUTS - AUDIENCE CHANTS: - Rita! Rita! Look, honestly, without the crowd chanting, just think about it, you can have all the time you need, all jokes aside and whatever, you're an amazing talent and I think whoever you go with, you're in the show anyway and you're going to be absolutely fine. Can I just say, if I go with someone, it's not disrespect to anyone else - because I respect everyone. - Yeah, of course. No, no. We all feel the same, here. - Wait a second, wait a second! - But before you do that... Wait, if you don't pick me, and I see you walking down the hallway... LAUGHTER If you don't go with me, I'm from the ghetto, you know what I'm saying? Don't let this happy little Will get it twisted, homie. You don't come with me, man, there's going to be some problems up in here. - HE LAUGHS - That's awesome. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Getting beat up by will.i.am that would be pretty cool, so... I didn't think I would have to deal with this but, um, I think just, I mean, - Do you want some water? - Yeah... - Come on. - But I'm going to be pretty shaky. - Here you are. She noticed that, you see? LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE - It's a firefighter thing, that's all it is. - Yeah. Whoever you thought of first, she can make you change your mind. That's what it almost is like, um... HE SIGHS I just really think I would want to go with... ..Ricky. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE - IN SCOTTISH ACCENT: - Rick-eh! - Thank you very much, mate. - Pleasure. WILD CHEERING - All right, man. - Thanks very much. - That was awesome. - Thanks, man. You're taking everybody I want! Don't touch me! I'm kidding, I'm kidding! Good one! I'm very happy for you. Welcome to the show. He went with Ricky! - Nice to meet you. - Welcome to the show, as well. Sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable, I didn't mean it. No, I loved it, it was great. How many people are going to be jealous when I go back home? - I'm just very happy you're on the show. Well done. - Thank you. - Bye! CHEERING I thought he would have gone for you. Despite all the jokes, it would have been interesting, - it would have been great. - Yeah. - I was this close, I think. - Yeah. - You were really that close. - Right? - But he went with Rick-eh. - He went with Rick-eh. - He went with Rick-eh. Let's go for it, yeah. Let's give it a whirl, eh? Cheers, man, thank you. He does that whole reverse psychology "follow your gut". Congratulations, Rick-eh. - Good move. - Ow! HE LAUGHS WILD CHEERING Anyway, congratulations, he's a... - Yeah, he's good, ain't he? - He's a hell of a singer, yeah. He's a nice guy, as well, that really comes through. - He's got the whole... - Firefighting, Scottish... - ..the whole thing. - ..sort of thing. - Yeah. - Level-headed, good guy. - Nice guy. He can sing. He can sing. He went with Rick-eh... Rick-eh! - Let's just say two words, "Rita Ora". - Yeah... LAUGHTER - Well done! - APPLAUSE I'm so pleased for you, so pleased for you. He's doing something right. Yeah, there's going to be tonnes of singers that come next week. 'So, the Blind Auditions 2015 are off to a flying start.' Right, then! 'New girl Rita's looking hot right now, bagging her first team member.' - Team Rita is on the go. - Thank you so much. 'Tom and Will have also gained one act apiece.' I think I've got a good start. I've already found my Mrs Awesome. 'But Ricky Blue-Eyes is surging ahead. He's won three acts already.' Three down, nine to go, I think I'm winning this. With plenty more talent to come next week, who will come out on top? - Let's see what happens. - It's on! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 