The Voice: Season 17, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Voice 
 s17e10 - The Battles, Part 4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Voice (2011–…): Season 17, Episode 10 - The Battles, Part 4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 . James: ♪ I could use a love song ♪ Both: ♪ That takes me back ♪ ♪ Just like that ♪ ♪ When it comes on ♪ The winner of this battle is Kyndal. Congratulations. You did so good. Coaches, let me remind you James is available to steal or save. We've got a steal! Oh! We've also got a save! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm, like, so terrified you're gonna go with John. John: [ Laughs ] Like, it's awful. [ Laughter ] How dare you! Gwen: These saves are a lot scarier than I thought they were gonna be. ♪♪♪ James, who do you choose as your coach? [ Audience shouting ] [ Laughs ] Oh, my God. Yeah! Yeah! James! [ Audience shouting ] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, my... What are you doing?! What are you doing?! Oh, my God! Yes! Please. This is so hard. ♪♪♪ I got to go with John. Yeah! Whoa! Daly: John Legend... Yeah! ...steals James! I'm sorry, Gwen. I don't have anybody like James on my team. He has a really cool voice, cool tone. He's a revelation. Congratulations, brother. Oh, my God! And I truly didn't think he would pick me. But I got him! I got James! Yes! [ Chuckles ] I love you! I learned a lot from Gwen, but that was crazy. I was stolen by John Legend. I've always looked up to him as an artist, and it just felt right. Welcome to Team Legend! Oh, yeah! [ Laughs ] That's right! Gwen: I am so horrified. Nothing that I had planned out for today went as I planned. But at the same time, I'm just excited that the rest of the coaches were recognizing all the talent on Team Gwen. I can't believe I lost James. I think you can... We had such a good thing going. His voice is so pretty. It is. I'm excited for him, that he gets to work with John, and I still have my save. And I'm just gonna be really picky. As soon as I hear it, it's gonna be a "boom!" Producer: Okay, 90 seconds, guys. 90 seconds. Got it. I got it. Here we go. Zach: This is a battle of both of Blake's country artists. This is definitely the biggest performance of my career. I'm excited, a little nervous. But I'm just ready to go out there and kill it. Cory: I want to win this battle so bad. Since the blinds, I got married. I know my wife would be so excited. And I want Blake to know that I'm gonna be the best that I can absolutely be. Whoo! The battle of the beards! [ Laughs ] Yeah. You ready for country singers? I'm ready for some country music, man. You know that. This is Zach and Cory. Come on in here, guys. I dare you to meet Darius Rucker. Yeah, Darius, man! Nice to meet you. How's it going? Good to meet you, man. Cory: I love Darius Rucker. My family's big Hootie and the Blowfish fans. And my mom actually got me one of his first country albums. I couldn't believe it. [ Laughs ] Happy birthday! Happy birthday! Yeah! Yesterday was my birthday. You're 29, right? Happy birthday, man. Yeah, 29. Thanks. Blake: 29?! Yeah, 29. I got underwear that's 29. [ Laughter ] You from Mississippi? Yeah, I'm from Mississippi, right outside of Jackson, in a town called Pearl. I'm going to Jackson. Zach: I work full‐time as an x‐ray tech. I get off at 3:30 and take off to a gig. ♪ "Come on, somebody, why don't you run? ♪ ♪ Ol' Red's itchin' to have a little fun" ♪ I was nervous about singing a Blake song, but I think it paid off. I never would've dreamed how important that song would've been in my life. And that's the song that you chose to sing. That story melted my heart, man. Blake's a huge inspiration to me. Coach Blake. I want to prove that he did the right thing by pushing his button on me at the blinds. Where you from? I'm from Arkansas. Cory: I grew up on a cattle farm. My grandpa would actually pay me and my cousin a quarter to come over and help him during the day. [ Chuckles ] ♪ Galveston, oh, Galveston ♪ Whoa! I don't really remember that much from the blind auditions. That's a song ‐‐ And Kelly won't know this, either, 'cause she doesn't know anything about country music... Oh, my... ...by the late, great Glen Campbell. Blake's been in country music for a long time, and that's my dream. That's Cory! ♪ I bet you've never heard old Marshal Dillon say ♪ ♪ Miss Kitty, have you ♪ Blake: Cory and Zach are my two straight‐ahead, hard‐core country music artists. ♪ Would you marry me? ♪ And I gave them "Should've Been a Cowboy" by Toby Keith. ♪ I should've been a cowboy ♪ Darius: Cory ‐‐ That kid's got it. Country music's such a storyteller's genre, and he's got a great voice to tell those stories. ♪ Just like Gene and Roy ♪ Blake: Zach has a classic‐sounding country voice. He definitely approaches his vocals like a George Strait or Alan Jackson. Nice. ‐Nice. This song, you don't want to miss one lyric. If I could go talk to God, I would say, "Hey, can you make me born in the time when cowboys existed? 'Cause that's what I should have been because those guys were badass." Right. I did this song with Toby last year. And I remember being shocked at how range‐y the song can be when you start doing the harmonies. You know, Zach has the edge on you with the lower register, the... ♪ Should've been a ♪ Yes, sir. But he has the edge on you when it comes to anything in the upper register. Mm‐hmm. That's where I see you kind of, like, you know, backing away from the microphone. Yeah. You got to be confident about it and hit the notes. And here's why ‐‐ because he is. Right. This song ain't no joke, man. Cory, the harmonies that you're doing ‐‐ when he's singing... ♪ Just like Gene ♪ Or whether it's... ♪ Just like Gene and Roy ♪ Yes, sir. It doesn't have to be a high harmony. Okay. Low harmonies can also sound awesome, especially with a Toby Keith song 'cause that's Toby's wheelhouse. Zach, you had the note and you hit it perfect. I just think you weren't ready for it breath‐wise. I made it this far. I'm not ready to go home. I've been married now for about nine months, and my wife is probably my biggest supporter. I'm hoping to win this battle to show her that all the hard work that I've been putting in ‐‐ that it's worth it. ♪ If I asked you twice and begged you pretty please ♪ Yeah! Darius: It was great to watch Zach shine. There was never a point where I went, "Oh, he missed that note." Yeah. That was really cool. You guys should've been cowboys. ‐Yeah. ‐Should've been. [ Chuckles ] Wish we were. Yes. I want to know which one of these artists can really make me believe that they wish they were a cowboy, that they can take me back into that time and make me feel passionate about what they're saying. This is definitely gonna be a tough decision. Daly: Coming up... Both: ♪ I should've been a cowboy ♪ Kelly: Y'all should be a duo! I wish there was, like, a "duo" button! [ Laughter ] And later, emotional rehearsals... Can we be friends after this? I need that personality in my life. ...lead to a night of moving performances. All: ♪ Out there sleepwalking ♪ Who isn't in tears? Raise your hand. . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back to the battle rounds. [ Cheers and applause ] I don't know what I'm gonna do here. These guys are both really good. Producer: Here we go. This battle begins right now. ♪♪♪ Kelly: I love this song! Zach: ♪ I bet you've never heard old Marshal Dillon say ♪ ♪ Miss Kitty, have you ever thought of running away ♪ ♪ And settling down? ♪ ♪ Would you marry me? ♪ ♪ If I asked you twice and begged you pretty please ♪ ♪ She'd have said yes in a New York minute ♪ ♪ They never tied the knot ♪ ♪ His heart wasn't in it ♪ ♪ He just stole a kiss as he rode away ♪ ♪ He never hung his hat up ♪ ♪ At Kitty's place ♪ Whoo! ♪ I should've been a cowboy ♪ ♪ I should've learned to rope and ride ♪ ♪ Rope and ride ♪ ♪ Wearing my six‐shooter ♪ ♪ Riding my pony on a cattle drive ♪ ♪ Stealing a young girl's heart ♪ Both: ♪ Just like Gene and Roy ♪ ♪ Singing those campfire songs ♪ ♪ Oh, I should've been a cowboy ♪ Whoo! ♪ Might have had a sidekick ♪ ♪ With a funny name ♪ ♪ Running wild through the hills ♪ ♪ Chasing Jesse James ♪ ♪ Ending up on the brink of danger ♪ ♪ Riding shotgun ♪ ♪ For the Texas Rangers ♪ ♪ Go West, young man ♪ ♪ Haven't you been told ♪ ♪ California's full of whiskey, women, and gold? ♪ ♪ Sleeping out all night beneath the desert stars ♪ ♪ With a dream in my eye and a prayer ♪ ♪ In my he‐e‐e‐art ♪ ♪ I should've been a cowboy ♪ Come on! Do it! ♪ I should've learned to rope and ride ♪ ♪ Rope and ride ♪ ♪ Wearing my six‐shooter ♪ ♪ Riding my pony on a cattle drive ♪ ♪ Stealing a young girl's heart ♪ ♪ Just like Gene and Roy ♪ ♪ Singing those campfire songs ♪ ♪ Oh, I should've been a cowboy ♪ ♪ Yeah, I should've been a cowboy ♪ ♪ I should've been a cowbo‐o‐o‐o... ♪ Whoa! ♪ ...o‐o‐o‐y ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] Oh, my gosh! It was so good! Alright! Good job, man. Good job. Good job. That was so good! Y'all should be a duo! I wish there was, like, a "duo" button. [ Laughter ] That was amazing! Help me! You're screwed! [ Laughter ] I really enjoyed watching you two together. You looked like stars up there onstage. Cool. Cool. Yeah. Thank you. I think Cory's voice is really great up there on the top notes. And then, Zach, I love your tone. I think it's really rich, and it's got such a heart to it. I enjoyed listening to your voice. So in this moment, I would probably pick Zach. Thank you. Appreciate it. Because I know Blake so well, I've learned so much about country music in the last few years. But I don't know, you know, like, what you're thinking. I don't know what I'm thinking right now either. When Zach started singing, your voice has a little bit more of a unique quality. But Cory just kept stealing the show for me as far as your stage presence. You were doing things that were engaging me. So, probably have to say Cory. Thank you very much. In this instance, no man was better than the other. And that's why the performance was magical. You have different tones. Like, it's almost, like, how Ronnie Dunn and Kix Brooks ‐‐ like, they have different tones, but it blends so well. So, I mean, like, whatever. Like, maybe after the show, just think about it. [ Laughter ] I'm not picking. And I don't have to, so... ‐Thank you, coaches. ‐Thank you. Alright, Blake, you got no help from Kelly. As always, Kelly contributed absolutely nothing. [ Laughs ] Um, I'm sorry. I was dancing and singing. I contributed something. Buddy, give us some thoughts on that battle before you tell us who won. Zach, you do have this big baritone voice. Mm‐hmm. And it's commanding. And, Cory, you have great pitch. Gwen makes a good point about the showmanship. And Kelly was right, too, when she says there's really not a winner here. [ Laughter ] Uh, son of a... [ Laughter ] Daly: Buddy, it's a tough decision, but the time has come. Who's the winner of this battle? I'm just gonna go with a gut feeling here. You guys really shocked me. Thank you. The winner of this battle... was Zach. [ Cheers and applause ] Zach! Congratulations. Good job, man. Blake: Cory's definitely got experience, but I feel like Zach's got that deeper voice that we don't hear a lot on "The Voice." Wow. Thank you. Great job, man. Appreciate it. Thank you. Great job. And it provides an opportunity for somebody to try some things that's never been done on this show. Cory, anything you want to say to Blake? Cory: I just had the time of my life up here. And I want to thank you so much for everything that you've taught me. It's been a blessing. Give it up for Cory Jackson! Kelly: Cory has a great falsetto, but Zach is definitely somebody to watch out for. He's got a really solid voice. Aw, he's so cute! They would be a perfect duo. Yeah. . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back. John, how are you feeling about your team? Oh, I feel so good. They've been performing really well, making my decisions tough, and I like the saves and steals I have maneuvered, as well. Pretty good. James was good. Mm‐hmm. Yeah. Yeah, that's a ‐‐ That's a problem. Gwen, good? Feeling good? The craziest twists and turns happened that I wasn't expecting, but I mean, it all happened for a reason. Well, good luck, coaches. Have fun. John: I toured with you back in 2004. "Confessions" was one of the biggest albums in the world at that moment. Excellent star power. All the things that we want out of an artist, you have it. And I want you to be here to convey that to these artists and help them grow and be the best artists they can be. It really is great to see you at work, bro. Like, I've been a fan of yours, and you know that. I'm happy that you wanted me to come in and help you out. Thank you. I appreciate you. Yeah. Let's do it. Come on with it. Hello! ‐Hi! ‐Look who's here. Marybeth: Oh, my God! Usher! When I saw his face, I went, "Usha, Usha," like, in my head. And I was like, "Oh, my God, it's actually him!" This pairing is a pairing‐up first. I've never had any groups on my team. So, Dane and Stephanie are my first duet. And then I've never had a country artist on my team before. I'm so happy you're here. Luckily, Kelly did the dirty work for me and blocked Blake. Marybeth: Being from a small town, when I stepped out on that stage... ♪ Make me an angel that flies from Montgomery ♪ ...it was like God had answered my prayers. Gorgeous! John really, really understood the kind of musician that I was. Your voice sounds really versatile. Like, you could sing pop. You could sing country. You could sing more soulful things, as well. So I went with him, and I'm so glad that I did. Back home, we have this family business. It's called Big Byrd's Barbecue. I love working with my dad at his barbecue stand. But this is my dream. This could potentially be my future. That is crazy‐insane. All: ♪ I've been sleepwalking ♪ John: I paired Dane and Stephanie with Marybeth. I felt like they would sing songs well together. This song, "Burning House" by Cam, I think, is a perfect song for them to harmonize together. All: ♪ Trying to take what's lost and broke ♪ ♪ And make it right ♪ Marybeth: To go up against a duo is a challenge because, I mean, they're twins. So they're in sync, and their voices are just absolutely beautiful together. ♪ In this burning house ♪ Stephanie: Marybeth is incredible. She's so extremely talented. She just has such a powerful, soulful sound. Both: ♪ I can hold onto you somehow ♪ ♪ In this burning ♪ Yo, you know what? You're holding back. ‐Yeah. ‐Yeah. Do a higher note. Give me more. ♪ I can hold onto you somehow ♪ ♪ I can hold onto you somehow ♪ I'm just, like, scared to crack at that note. Well, better to do it here than there. Yeah, it's rehearsal. Together? Separate? Together. One, two, three... Both: ♪ I can hold onto you somehow ♪ That's perfect. That's what we want. Yeah, that sounds ‐‐ It feels better. ‐Yeah. ‐Yeah. Dane: It was nice that they helped me with that. My voice is still currently changing, actually, and I'm still kind of getting used to it because I'm just starting hormones, going through that whole process of medically transitioning to a boy. Stephanie: Me and Dane are twins. We've always just been super close. We've been a duo for probably around 10 years. We started off singing in our basement together, posting covers on our YouTube channel whenever we could. And it kind of just evolved from there. Walking onstage, we just felt, like, ready to go. ♪ Home at la‐a‐ast ♪ I love the idea of arranging multiple vocals together. We choose John. Whoo! Stephanie: We are such huge fans of him. Just to know that he heard something in us was so validating. Dane: To be in the battle rounds of "The Voice," it's just really amazing. I feel like I'm starting to be seen more for who I always have been. Usher: One thing that I can say ‐‐ You're holding that higher note, correct? Yeah. I just don't get a chance to hear your full range. Maybe just more projection. Yeah. Okay. 'Cause it feels like you're holding back a little bit. Marybeth, I might advise you to do more changing the melody a little bit on the first half of that. ♪ I've been sleepwalking ♪ ♪ I've been sleep ♪ ♪ Walking ♪ ♪ It's the only place that I can ♪ I'm not you, John. I'm just gonna ‐‐ Just let him sing. I think you sound so good in that area. It's like high G, A, B, C above middle C. I would want you to lean into that area a lot. Marybeth: John knows what he's doing. I picked the right coach, hands down. And I think we want to feel that emotional core of the song. The songwriting already lends itself to that. Don't hold back. Give us that passion. ♪ I've been sleepwalking ♪ It's definitely a sad song. I really relate that back to my past. On October 18, 2017, my cousin Luke committed suicide. [ Sighs ] We grew up together. He was definitely like a brother to me. He wanted me to try out for "The Voice," so winning this battle would just be life‐changing for me to honor his memory. ♪ In this burning house ♪ All three of you get the opportunity to show off a little bit of your range. But, Dane, I don't think you get a chance to show off as much. It feels like you're avoiding the spotlight a little bit when you ‐‐ you can afford to be seen and heard. My confidence I do have to work on because for so long, I wasn't even myself. Now, like, the way my voice is sounding kind of connects to, like, how I look and how I feel. It's just pretty amazing. ♪ This burning house ♪ You could do something. John: Yeah, if you went up, then it'll lead into the note you have, and it'll be easier for you to remember that next note, okay? Mm‐hmm. We've got work to do still. Yeah. But I think we're on a good path. It's gonna be a beautiful moment in the show. Alright? Thank you. John: I want to see growth. I want to see Dane and Stephanie develop more confidence around what they're going to do. I want to see the chemistry onstage be really great between the three of them. I just want to feel like they're in their zone. So hopefully they can do that. Did you go through a vocal change? Uh, I mean, yeah, I was young, though. Young, right? I was 14. But you were doing it in public. [ Laughs ] You should have her work with him on his projection. Trelawny: Yes. If you have it... He can push through. ...I don't know if it's there. Yes. I think his comfort zone is to fall back and let her lead. Teach him the diaphragm technique. [ Sings sustained note ] I will. Usher: I think Marybeth was really great in the rehearsals. She could really be an amazing, young Kelly Clarkson. With Dane and Stephanie, I think Stephanie had more of a signature. I just felt like she may have been holding back because of her brother. But there is a silent giant inside of Dane. I'm really interested to see what John is going to do with this. . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back to "The Voice." This battle begins right now. ♪♪♪ ♪ I had a dream about a burning house ♪ ♪ You were stuck inside, I couldn't get you out ♪ Both: ♪ I laid beside you and pulled you close ♪ Yeah! ♪ And the two of us went up in smo‐o‐o‐ke ♪ ♪ Love isn't all that it seems ♪ ♪ I did you wrong ♪ ♪ I'll stay here with you ♪ ♪ Until this dream is gone ♪ All: ♪ I've been sleepwalking ♪ ♪ Been wandering all night ♪ ♪ Trying to take what's lost and broke ♪ ♪ And make it right ♪ Yes! ♪ I've been sleepwalking ♪ Whoo! ♪ Too close to the fire ♪ ♪ But it's the only place ♪ ♪ That I can hold you tight ♪ ♪ In this burning house ♪ ♪ Ooh, the flames are getting bigger now ♪ ♪ In this burning house ♪ Whoo! Both: ♪ I can hold on to you somehow ♪ ♪ In this burning house ♪ ♪ Oh, and I don't wanna wake up ♪ ♪ In this burning ho‐o‐o‐o‐use ♪ ♪ I've been sleepwalking ♪ Yeah! ♪ Been wandering all night ♪ ♪ All night ♪ ♪ Trying to take what's lost and broke ♪ ♪ Take it and make it right ♪ Yeah! Marybeth: ♪ I've been sleepwalking ♪ ♪ Too close to the fire ♪ ♪ But it's the only place ♪ ♪ That I can hold you tight ♪ All: ♪ In this burning ho‐o‐o‐use ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] So good. Yeah! That was so beautiful. ‐Wow. ‐Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. John: Yeah! I just want to [chomps] keep eating it. [ Laughs ] It was so good, so beautiful. This is hard because you two are magical together. The way that you connect and the way your voices are just perfectly matched, it's so beautiful. But, Marybeth, your style of singing is the kind of record I want to listen to. It has so much character. It's smooth. It's pretty. It's dynamic. This is a really, really hard decision, John. So I'm not gonna pick right now. Oh, wow. Thank you, Gwen. Kelly: All three of you are magical. I was, like, about to bawl over here. [ Laughs ] Dane, who won for me out of this is you. People don't realize how difficult it is to just hold down that low harmony. You're just out there on an island by yourself. And it was really beautiful. I will buy every record you release. [ Laughter ] It was tasteful, and it wasn't too much. And, Marybeth, you're just as talented at knowing when to go big. It was really, really well‐executed. But I would go with Dane and Stephanie this time. [ Cheers and applause ] ‐Hi, Dane and Stephanie. ‐Hi. John and I both heard something in you in the blinds, but you got to admit... They're better now. If you would have told me, based on your blind audition, that this would be the very next performance that we would hear, I would have said, "No way. No way they could have come that far in that short of amount of time." So, congratulations on that. But I got to tell you, I am putting my bet on Marybeth to be in the finale. I think she has everything it takes to win this show. ‐Alright. ‐Thank you, coaches. John, you got the final decision. Give us some thoughts on that battle. First of all, I have to just say how proud I am to be a coach for all three of you. You made everybody feel all the emotions. Very few people have gotten standing ovations from all the coaches. With Dane and Stephanie, I feel like the confidence grew, the execution was better. It was just really lovely to watch. And, Marybeth, it's just amazing to hear someone at 18 singing with that level of maturity and control. Thank you. You're just a really gifted vocalist. John, who's the winner of this battle? This is a tough decision. ♪♪♪ The winner of this battle... ♪♪♪ ...is Marybeth. Marybeth, congratulations! John: I had to pick Marybeth. Marybeth! She's undeniable. She has that control, that versatility, and that just raw vocal ability. Thank you guys so much. I think she can go really far. Coming to a big city like this, full of so many opportunities, and this is the biggest opportunity that I've ever had in my life. Oh, God. Emotional. Wow. Dane, Stephanie, anything you'd like to say to John, please? Well, yeah, we just want to say thank you so much for this opportunity. We're so grateful for it. It's been so nice working with you. We really look up to you. Thank you. Thank you for choosing my team. Give it up for Dane and Stephanie one more time, ladies and gentlemen! Thank you, guys. Thank you so much. ‐Thank you. If I'd have had a steal, I would have stolen Dane and Stephanie. I think the harmonies were on point. I think they're magical. They shocked the hell out of me. They did a great job, yeah. She's got that thing, I think. Yeah, she's ‐‐ I think she has it, too. And she's the right genre. Somewhere in the lot ‐‐ that Sheryl Crow or somewhere in the middle. Yeah. . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back to the battles. I'm freaking out 'cause I don't know what to do about my next battle. Blake, what should I do? Come here. I remember you ‐‐ I've heard so much about this battle. Like, you've been telling me for days. ♪♪♪ We got paired together for a reason. We match. So we good. These next guys are Jessie and Rose. Rose is one of those people that has, like, a perfect, unbelievable, God‐given gift. Music was always a part of me because it is me. But it started fading in the background, and I felt like I was being swallowed in my job. I am a former corrections officer. How do you leave that job at night? You can't go in there being yourself because you don't want to make yourself vulnerable to ‐‐ to your environment. Right, you can't show that artsy side of yourself. Absolutely not. They'll eat it up. Yeah. I quit my job, and I took this leap of faith to be here. ♪ I keep finding love ♪ ♪ With all of these days ♪ ♪ Trying to do the things ♪ ♪ Said that I believe ♪ For me, quitting my job and then being here right now ‐‐ it just validated everything. Yes! I'm just so excited to work with her now. And then Jessie ‐‐ You can tell he just has heart, like, a lot of heart. Jessie: Growing up, I was moved into a series of group homes. And roughly about two years ago, I was homeless. But I slowly started to get odd jobs, and I got to a point where I was more stable than ever. And I just felt like I wanted to come to "The Voice." ♪ 'Cause I want it all ♪ ♪ Or nothing at all ♪ ♪ There's nowhere left to fall ♪ And when I saw Gwen on her feet, oh, my gosh. I swear, I wanted to do 5,000 back flips. It's like a fairy tale. Look at everything we had to overcome to get here. Right. We can't do nothing but win. I'm telling you. Somebody that looks like you need to see you. And somebody that look like me need to see me. Oh, look. Hi, guys! Oh, my God! Hey. will.i.am is here to help! Jessie: Walking inside that room and seeing will.i.am ‐‐ I was shaking in my boots. I'm shaking in my boots. [ Chuckles ] Hey, y'all, I'm trying to act normal. [ Laughs ] I said from the beginning I was not gonna be up on this TV crying in front of y'all. I was not gonna be doing all of that. What up, Jessie? But, yo! That's freaking will.i.am! He is everything! He's a musical genius! We go way back... Oh, yeah. ...to the olden days. will.i.am: Yeah, we were blessed enough to be able to open up for No Doubt back in 2000. Really? So, that was, like, our launch pad, our jump start. You're bananas! Can I just say that? I'm sorry. I'm, like, so, like ‐‐ I know I'm probably glistening. [ Laughs ] This is just a lot. This is out‐of‐body, like... I was already pouring down the drizzle. So don't even start. You know what I'm saying? It's ‐‐ It's rough and tough up in here. Yes, it is. will.i.am: Okay, let's go. Let's start to sing this song 'cause it about to get hot, anyway. ‐Yeah! ‐Alright, let's do this. Jessie and Rose are doing "Can't Feel My Face" by The Weeknd. I really wanted to give them a song that was more contemporary. Both: ♪ I can't feel my face when I'm with you ♪ ♪ I can't feel my face ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ They are an amazing duo. They feel like they've known each other forever. They're just so great to watch. I had no idea that they were gonna be that dynamic. ♪ This I know ♪ Rose: Jessie's strength vocally is you're gonna feel him through his music. And to me, that's the most important part of all. ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ Listening to Rose in rehearsal is intimidating. It makes you want to be that force of nature that she has in her throat. Both: ♪ I can't feel my face ♪ Roll, pow, pow, and work it, pow, pow! I love you, man! I love you, like, let's receive that ‐‐ Oh, you got that makeup on? No, girl. You got that makeup on? Get yourself together. Oh, okay. I love this so much! will.i.am: That was dope. And I really, really like that ending when you ‐‐ when you got real comfortable and just, like, showed your personality. "Pow, pow" ‐‐ That was dope. [ Laughs ] Can we be friends after this? We can! For real, 'cause I need that personality in my life. Aw! You really dope. I wanted to choose a song to bring out your personality. So, it's really fun to see you do it. I mean, it's gonna be a show. I'm just so impressed. Only thing I would have to say, Jessie ‐‐ You sing awesome. Thank you. But if I recorded Rose talking to her mama, I'm pretty sure it's the same Rose that's behind that mic. You need to have that same naturalness. That just takes being comfortable and true and honest to the moment. Jessie: will wants me to be 100% authentic, which is very unnerving and new for me. I feel blessed to even be singing with her because, again, I know homegirl got it. You know what I'm saying? And I'm ‐‐ But you got it. You got a lot. It's really hard because there's this, like, little evil person that's in all of us that starts going, "Oh, no, I'm not as good as Rose right now. Oh, my God, they're gonna think that I'm not hitting the note." Like, he was saying stuff like that, and it would upset me because my thing is I'm fighting against a lot of things in my mind, like ageism, size. Like, I'm the biggest I've ever been in my life, and now I want to come on national TV and fight against all those things. will.i.am: But you know what? When I saw you, I was like, "Wow. She powerful. She command attention." You may think you fighting something, but somebody else looking at you like, "I need that in my life." I had to fight a lot with myself to be here. But walking into that room and being able to show them who I am, for the first time, I feel like I can finally breathe. [ Sniffles ] Gwen: Rose has a lot of insecurities. I think it's really important that she doesn't let those things eat her up. If Rose could just keep her confidence in check, then she could probably be a superstar. It's gonna be so fun. It's gonna be one of the big moments of the night. Yeah. Ee! I'm so excited. I'm so excited. And this is gonna be about my decision, which is the awful part of this whole conversation right here. Yeah. I'm really always gonna be looking for just being able to wear your heart on your sleeve. Yeah. That honesty and that passion ‐‐ all those things are the things that we connect to in music, and that's way more important to me than a vocal performance. Right. It's gonna be so good! I can't wait. ‐Thank y'all. ‐Yeah, thank y'all. We ‐‐ We love y'all so much. It's all good. will.i.am: For this battle, Jessie needs to to leave a stain on my brain and everyone else that listens to him. I don't want to get in all your hair, 'cause, you know, it's good. Rose is so dynamic that she could wash him away. Alright, see y'all. We love you. Jessie: Hey, thank you so much! Y'all don't even know what y'all just did! . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back. [ Cheers and applause ] From Team Gwen, it's Jessie Lawrence versus Rose Short! [ Laughs ] That was great. The battle starts right now. ♪♪♪ ♪ And I know she'll be the death of me ♪ ♪ At least we'll both be numb ♪ ♪ And she'll always get the best of me ♪ ♪ The worst is yet to come ♪ ♪ But at least we'll both be beautiful ♪ ♪ And stay forever young ♪ ♪ This I know ♪ ♪ This I know ♪ ♪ This I know ♪ ♪ He told me, "Don't worry about it" ♪ ♪ He told me, "Don't worry no more" ♪ ♪ We both know we can't go without it ♪ ♪ She told me we'll never ♪ ♪ Be in lo‐o‐o‐ve, ooh ♪ ♪ I can't feel my face when I'm with you ♪ ♪ I can't feel my face ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ Ohhhh ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ Noooo ♪ ♪ Oh, I can't feel my face when I'm with you ♪ ♪ I can't feel my fa‐a‐a‐a‐ce ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ And I know he'll be the death of me ♪ ♪ At least we'll both be numb ♪ ♪ And he'll always get the best of me ♪ ♪ The worst is yet to come ♪ ♪ And all the misery was necessary ♪ ♪ When we're deep in love ♪ ♪ This I know ♪ ♪ Ha! ♪ ♪ This I know ♪ ♪ She told me, "Don't worry about it" ♪ ♪ She told me, "Don't worry no more" ♪ ♪ We both know we can't go without it ♪ ♪ He told me we'll never be in lo‐o‐o‐o‐ve ♪ ♪ I can't feel my face when I'm with you ♪ ♪ Ohhh, I can't feel my face ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ Oh, I can't feel my face when I'm with you ♪ ♪ I can't feel my face ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ Both: ♪ I can't feel my face when I'm with you ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ I can't feel my face when I'm with you ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ I can't feel my face ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ I love you! ♪♪♪ I love them. [ Cheers and applause ] Yeah! [ Laughs ] So good! Whoo! [ Laughs ] Girl, I'm shaking. I'm shaking. This is crazy. I ‐‐ [ Cheers and applause ] They're feeling the hype! They won't even let us talk! [ Laughing ] I know! What a way to, like, end the night. That was ‐‐ That was so good. [ Cheers and applause ] That was sexy. It was cool. It was so different than how The Weeknd does it. Like, the dancing ‐‐ Come on, Rose. And then he'd be like, "What?" ‐[ Laughs ] ‐Yes! And even you coming up these stairs, it makes me want to have a drink with you. [ Laughter ] Like, we have so much in common. I can't breathe either. These Spanx ‐‐ Like, what? Yes! Job well done. Like, that was so beautiful. [ Cheers and applause ] It was so cool. This may come as a shock to both of you, but Gwen spends a lot of time with me when we're not working here on the show. [ Laughter ] Our relationship's just for publicity, though. I know the feeling, Blake. [ Laughs ] She has talked a lot about the two of you and this pairing. Jessie, being a one‐chair turn, welcome to being in the middle of the radar all of a sudden. This guy attacks a note when he's singing it... Attacks it. ...and it's right on pitch, like... It's just a cool style that you have, man. I don't know where you learned it from. Probably from your awesome coach that I do spend a lot of time with when we're not on the show. [ Laughter ] She likes me! [ Laughter ] Rose, you hit that big note on the chorus, where you just started down here and you took it way up. And I get so much enjoyment out of somebody who will pick their moment to make that note important. It's really smart, musically. Thank you. I'm not picking anybody. I'm sorry. Jessie, you have so much fire in your voice. You were, like, hitting it with passion. Rose, you are a phenomenally talented vocalist. Once you got to those high notes, it was like, "Okay, she's a superstar soprano singer with a beautiful, beautiful voice, great musical storytelling ability." Ohh! It's just... [ Cheers and applause ] Ohh! I'm sorry. I love you. I haven't spent as much time with Gwen as Blake has. You're damn right you haven't. [ Laughter ] I will say she really did rave about the two of you together and what interesting stories you have to tell. I'm going to try to help you, Gwen. Thank you! I lean ever so slightly toward Rose. Oh, wow. Daly: Thank you, coaches! Gwen: How proud do I feel right now? I knew you were magical. I didn't know you were gonna fire up the room, Rose. You have something that's special, and you need to own it. And it's ‐‐ it's not even just your voice. It's you. And then ‐‐ It really is. [ Cheers and applause ] And, Jessie, the same thing goes to you. I was the only one that turned for you because I heard something that was raw and cool in your voice. And it makes me feel so good to hear everybody recognize that in you. You did not, for one second, give up on yourself. And that is just so powerful. That is so powerful. [ Cheers and applause ] This is an unbelievable, heart‐wrenching decision that I have to make right now. Gwen, the time has come. Who is the winner of this battle? Okay, well, um... [ Audience shouting ] I love you guys so much. Uh, the winner of this battle is going to be... ♪♪♪ Rose. Rose Short! Congratulations! [ Cheers and applause ] Gwen: I chose Rose because she's undeniable. She has a very magnetic personality, and that's a really important thing when you're gonna be a performer and a singer. Rose: I'm just happy. I said I wasn't gonna be crying. I've been crying this whole journey. I'm just thankful. These are tears of gratitude. Coaches, let me remind you Jessie is available to steal or save. We've got a save! I love you! [ Laughs ] Yes! [ Cheers and applause ] Oh, my God! Hey! No! Yes! Daly: Here comes Blake with a steal! Go, Jessie! You're gonna win this, Gwen. Daly: Blake wants to sleep alone tonight! [ Laughter ] Let me say my piece. I'm not gonna make a pitch to you because that's the coach for you, but I wanted to show you how much respect I have for you and how much you deserve to be on this show, dude. I'm happy for you. Oh, my gosh. [ Cheers and applause ] Who isn't in tears? Raise your hand. I mean, most people are sobbing. Coach Gwen? Jessie, I just think you deserve to be here. You worked really hard. But it's not just about your voice. It's you. And I can't wait to share you with America. [ Cheers and applause ] It's a wonderful moment for you, Jessie. Who do you pick as your coach? I'm gonna stay with the queen, girl! There it is! Jessie Lawrence saved by Gwen Stefani! Yay! I have a really big spot in my heart for Jessie. So, I just feel super excited to give him the opportunity to grow on this show. But it was just a magical moment. I feel so proud. God had a plan. My plan didn't work. God's plan worked. Congratulations, man. You deserve this. John: I'm so happy that I stole James. Jessie was supposed to be on Team Gwen. I'm happy for him. And I'm happy for her that it all worked out. I hear we have a mega mentor? Yeah, but I don't know who it is. I know it's supposed to be a big star. Yeah, I think the person's, like, one of the most successful people in music, but... That's true. Yeah. But I can't be 'cause I'm a coach. Yeah, you're already here. Thanks for saying that, though. Yeah. Hey, Taylor. Oh, hey, guys. Oh, hey, Tay! Yeah, I‐I have no idea. I wonder who it... Wait a minute. ♪ And I promise that nobody's gonna love you like me‐e‐e ♪ Taylor Swift! It's Taylor! ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 