The Voice: Season 4, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Voice 
 s4e7 - The Battles Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Voice (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 7 - The Battles Part 1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I came here to stay and going home is not an option. This is the biggest moment of my singing career. I don't want to journey end right here. I got to sing for my soul. Sing desperation. I'm gonna win this battle if it kills me. Welcome to the battle rounds. It's the most intense part of the competition yet. As our four superstars coaches Adam Levine, Blake Shelton, Shakira and Usher, take their teams of 12 into battle. Bring on the battles. Team Usher is about to blow your mind. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Two artists will enter the ring going head to head against One of their own teammates in a vocal duel. The battle round separates the pros from the amateurs. Let the battle begin. I'm get so passionate about these guys. I really want them to do well. It's tough because you know we're going to have to send somebody home. Who is the winner of this battle? Can I keep them both? It's really, really hard for me. I mean... The winner of this battle... Is.. But no matter who the coaches choose, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the artists being sent home may get a second chance because the steals... Are back. We got a steal! Steals are a game changer on "The Voice". Each coach is allowed to steal two deserving artists for their team. You get an opportunity for talents that you might have missed out on before. Which is a great thing. And if more than one coach pushes their button... Two steals! The power to choose shifts. Come to me! I can't wait to steal an artist from the other coaches. But before they take the stage, our coaches will personally train their artists. They have to bring it, and that's what I'm trying to teach my team. The scariest part of the show is these battle rounds. And the coaches will enlist expert advisers. What's up, fellas? Adam has brought in Hillary Scott, lead singer, and seven-time Grammy winner from Lady Antebellum. I'm a huge fan of The Voice. I love the battle rounds. It's do or die time. Blake has the help of nine-time Grammy winner Sheryl Crow. I love the fact these kids are all getting to learn from people that have already been out there. Shakira's adviser is Joel Madden, coach on The Voice Australia and frontman for the multiplatinum band Good Charlotte. There's no one like shakira, and if it wasn't for the people who mentored me, I wouldn't be doing this for a living. And Usher has three-time Grammy winner, Pharrell Williams. I like The Voice because it's really about who's best. It's about that person that cuts through like a lightning strike. All right, all right, all right. You all ready to battle? And the new coaches are bringing a style all their own. If you're going to change my melody, you'd better be sure about it. - What's funny? - Nothing. This is funny to you? You can't teach a person to be a star. All I'm doing is hopefully unlocking things that are naturally there. And in the end, it's really about who's best. All of their training will lead to the vocal fight of their lives. It's go time. Because in the end, only one artist will win it all. That was not a great battle. That was the best battle I've ever seen on the show. Team Usher, baby! - The battle rounds start... - Right now! - sync by Zac - www.addic7ed.com Before the first battle, let's head over to Adam and his adviser, Hillary Scott, lead singer of Grammy Award winning Lady Antebellum. I have the best team. You can just tell me. You can say that I have the best team. - I think you do. - I know. Let's take a look at Adam's first matchup. 19-year-old, Amber Carrington from Rockwell, Texas, versus 30-year-old Sasha Allen from Brooklyn, New York. After losing her mom to cancer, Amber left the comforts of her Texas town hoping to shine on The Voice stage. Amber filled Adam's team, frustrating Blake. I hate Adam right now. - You are so good. - I've never had a vocal lesson before. That means I get to say I also discovered you. Sasha, a classically trained pianist and mother of two, delivered a moving performance of a country hit. Wowing all four coaches. You are what I've been waiting for all day. And picked Adam as her coach. - How are you? - Good. I'm excited. I was so surprised to see Hillary Scott of Lady Antebellum, like hello. I love them. They're so awesome. You both have incredible voices for an entirely different list of reasons. But these are duets. You're singing a song together on stage, and you want to connect with one another. I picked "Try" by Pink, and I think for both, Amber and Sasha, it will be a challenge because it's so emotional and a little bit dark. Amber has a gift. She's a country artist. I'm more on the R&B; side. Bu I think it's a great song. Creates a middle ground for everybody. One of the most beautiful things to me about this song is there's something so hypnotic about it. And wherever you are in your life, put yourself in that song. Sasha is very experienced. She's been in the business a lot longer. It's very scary for me because she is so powerful. Sasha, there one thing that Amber was doing which is really great is kind of this, like... It's very floaty. And there's so much power in your voice, you run the risk of doing too much. It's more melodic for them. It's very like triumphant but haunting. Okay. If I want to win this battle, I have to feel the song. Something about it has to touch your soul. - Hello, young lady. - Hi there. - Have a seat. - Thank you. The next day, Amber meets with Adam and Hillary to discuss concerns about her performance. How do I compete with somebody that has such a huge Voice? Don't concern yourself with what she does. I would say concern yourself mostly with what you do. - Okay. - You are you. And you're beautiful and you deserve to be here. - Own that. - I like that. Thank you. I think that the most important is to connect emotionally to the song, and the words saying "get up and try," that's kind of like my motto because when my mom passed away, it was very hard, but I didn't want to be one of those people that fell into that depression. Of course. That's the most important thing for you. Yeah. I'm doing it for my mom and myself, but I'm very excited, you know, to... Even though she can't be here, I just want to make her proud. Darn it. It's the day before their battle, and Amber and Sasha have one final rehearsal with their coach. Amber, when you come in on the first chorus, You have the ability to hit a lot of notes. You've got to really hit that one on. - Yeah. - Because you're a little under it. It's okay. The main challenge is coming straight into the high note on the chorus. I just need to like hit it. Right at the beginning. Sasha made a lot of progress last time we did this song. But also has work to do. She thinks a little too much. About everything. I have one note for each of you before you move on. Amber, you need to be confident about it. Sasha, stop thinking. Just sing the song. The difference between amber and I, I think she's probably more spirit driven. I have more experience, but I'm all in my head. Confidence, sing. - Don't think. - Don't think. Amber and Sasha will probably be one of my hardest decisions. So their work's cut out for them. It's the night of the battle, and amber and sasha are getting ready to face off. I think it's really scared battling sasha. You know, she turn four chairs. She's so great. I'm feeling excited, nervous, scared. Being a classical musician, you have to be very techniqcal and very precise. I'm going to have to challenge myself to completely be genuine. Tonight it will be strictly emotion. I need to get in my zone, hit all the right notes, and just leave my heart out there. My mom will definitely be on the stage with me tonight. I'm definitely here to show my children that dreams can come true. Entering the battle stage from Team Adam, it's the country singer looking for her fresh start, Amber Carrington. Versus the mother of two with the big voice, Sasha Allen. Let the battle begin. Representing team Adam, Sasha and Amber, great job. That sounded great ladies. Adam, we'll give you a minute to take all that in. We'll get comments from the other coaches. Blake Shelton, what did you think of the battle? I loved it. You're both artist that's are ready to do this. I've got to sayy the biggest surprise for me is Amber doing a rock song. Not a surprise is Sasha. You're a four chair Turner, but I think you took in the notes so much that, when you got so laid back, you tried to catch back up with the pocket sometimes. That's the only thing that I heard that was just really good - overall. - Thank you, Blake. - Usher, what did you think? - I really was impressed by both of your performances. You know, it is these moments where you begin to shape who you are, and I do know that the birth of an incredible talent happened here. Thank you, Usher. Shakira, what did you think of - the battle? - I would have liked to be in - your shoes right now, Adam. - I wouldn't either. I think that these two contestants are probably two of your best contestants. I'm very impressed. Adam, you obviously have the final decision, and before you give us that final decision, what did you think? I'm so proud of you guys. I think this is hands down one of the best battle rounds we've ever seen on this show. Amber, I'm the only one that turned around for you. I think you shocked everybody today because you were a little insecure. You came out here today, and all of a sudden, you're a professional singer. So you don't need any lessons. You're there. You're amazing. Sasha, you are a professional. Hearing you with Amber, initially, I might have thought you were going to wipe the floor with her, but Amber's making this decision very, very difficult for me because you both did a stellar, amazing, inspirational job. I know it's tough, Adam, but who is the winner of this battle? I don't know. The winner of this battle is Amber. Amber Carrington moving on, chosen by her coach Adam as the - winner of this battle. - Initially, I thought that Sasha was going to be the clear winner, but this show surprises you like that. You end up making decisions that you didn't necessarily think you were going to make. Amber really exceeded my expectations. I can't believe I just won that battle. I'm freaking out. Can you believe I just won that - battle? - If your mom were here, she would say you did good, little girl. - I'm so very, very proud of you. - Just hug me. - I love you all. - I love you too. Center ring with Sasha. Coaches, let me remind you that... okay. We've got steals all the way Come to me! I knew it. You're back in the game. Never a doubt. - Were you nervous at all? - Yes, yes. Usher, Shakira in on the steal for Sasha Allen, and now the power reverts back to you. Let's talk to these two coaches. Usher, you were first, man. Why do you want Sasha? Because I think that some of the greatest moments we all have in our careers are moments where it could be perceived as a loss, but I see this as a success because, if you choose to come on my team, I'm going to use some of the greatest information and secrets to really help you unlock your true potential. I think that I could win this entire show with you. A spicy plea from one of the greatest entertainers on planet earth, Usher. Shakira? I'm convinced that you and I can actually win this show too. For the record, for the record, I think that I can work with you because stage presence is very important from now on in this competition, being able to make America fall in love with you. This whole thing here in "The Voice" is that you're experienced, but I'm a pretty damn good coach. I also turn for you. I think the first cut is the deepest. Please don't break my heart for the second time. Who's going to be your new coach? I'm freaking right now, man. I'm going to go with a gut feeling here. Coming up... More great performances. Have our coaches making agonizing decisions. - I'm sick to my stomach right now. - You really have a very, very - hard decision. - Please, steal on of them. And our artists hoping for a steal. You were saying good-bye, and now you're right back in this thing. Before the break Adam chose Amber Carrington as the winner of the battle... But Usher and Shakira were quick - to try and steal Sasha Allen. - Come to me. Now Sasha has a big decision to make... Who's going to be your new coach? Shakira, mamy! I'm shaking right now, man. I'm going to go with a gut feeling here. I'm going to go with Shakira. Shakira! Steals Sasha Allen from team Adam. And steals her from Usher. Work it out. Work it out. - We're going to be great. - He's crying. - He's crying. - Oh, he hates me. I don't get it. I was dumbfounded. I was flabbergasted, mortified. I'm grateful to Adam. He gave me good advice. I'm very excited to work with Shakira. I think she can teach me what I need, show me her sexiness. It's not personal. - It's not personal. - Thank you. - I'm sorry. - I just know what I could have - done with you. - I felt like it's a woman - thing, the woman thing. - I hope that it works out well - for you. - Oh, no, don't give me that. Don't give me that. It's a woman thing. You got a great coach. I'm better, though. - She made Usher cry. - I didn't see that one coming. Let's head over to Shakira and her team's adviser, rock star and Good Charlotte front man, Joel Madden. - Joel. - Shakira. Having Joel here is giving my team fresh perspective. Thank you for asking me to come. Joel has also been a coach in "The Voice Australia." So he really knows what he's talking about, probably more - than I do. - Let's meet Shakira's first - battle pair of the season. - Cut it out. 17-year-old Garrett Gardner from Ringwood, New Jersey, versus 26-year-old J'Sun from Brooklyn, New York. Last season, after I wasn't chosen for a team, I was a - little bit discouraged. - Where do you get your - inspiration from? - Musically, I got my inspiration from my dad, who passed away about two years ago. - I'm sorry to hear that, son. - Back for a second time, Garrett took the stage. his gutsy performance earned a last second button push from - Shakira. - I know you. He was here last season. And I was so pissed when you guys didn't pick him. - Thank you. - 26-year-old J'Sun also came to "The Voice" inspired by the memory of someone special. My grandmother. Even though she has passed away, this is what she wanted for me. Me doing this makes her happy. J'Sun's soulful version of The Script For the First Time. Got Shakira to turn her chair. So happy to be on your team. Thank you. - You're welcome. - I'm Joel. - Good to meet you guys. - Good to meet you. When I walked in that room and saw Joel Madden from Good Charlotte, it was a huge surprise, and it was absolutely amazing. I'd just like to say, you are one of the reasons that I started to sing. Thank you very much, man. That means a lot to me. So you're influenced by this. J, you have an R&B; pop kind of voice. So I decided to go for "how do you like me now." It is a current song, and it has - a vintage sort of of feel. - This song has rock elements to it. I've never sang any kind of song like this. J'Sun got an awesome vocal, got this tonality that's really sweet. He could be unstoppable. Nice. I love that, when you say... You went for a high note there, - which is really nice. - The most impressive thing J'Sun has to offer is his falsetto, which is something I've always struggled with. you already have a naturally raspy voice, so I wouldn't over do the eh, eh, eh, because now it starts to feel like an effect. It's like when I shake my hips. - I like it. - But I can't shake it every verse. I could debate that. If I rasp too much, I could lose the battle. I don't want people to get bored with it. Good luck, guys. As the battle draws near, J'Sun and Garrett join Shakira for a final rehearsal. - Specific comments? J? - Yes. You're still giving me that soulful stuff, but now you're becoming more of a rocker. Wow, wow, wow, wow. J'Sun needs to believe he's a character within the song, that bad, bad, bad, bad man. He has a real chance to win this battle. I see so much potential in Garrett. I see a young Jim Morrison. He could really be a star. Wow, he's come a long way. I like him much better than what I heard during the blind auditions. I know I definitely can underestimate Garrett. At first, I kind of felt like, oh, I have this. But now going through the rehearsals, he's almost ten years younger than me, and we're toe to toe. - That's unbelievable. - Do the best you can. You can feel peace of mind that you've been working hard and you've been giving your very best. I know that this battle between J'Sun and Garrett is going to be one of the toughest ones. On one hand, I have grown so proud of J'Sun, and on the other hand, I have a weakness for Garrett too. They are making it difficult for me. We'll see what happens. Coming up... Garrett and J'Sun face off in an electrifying battle. Oh, God, I should have never taken these guys. The time has come for Garrett and J'Sun to battle. Only one will win and remain on Shakira's team. I'm ten years older than Garrett, and I've had more experience than him, but it's not going to be an easy battle. To get a second chance, it's a blessing, but if I were to go home this early, it would be heart breaking. - It's now or never. - Right now I am working at a salon. I want to win this because I do not want to be a receptionist for the rest of my life. I've always wanted to follow in my dad's footsteps, so to be here about to walk on that stage, totally a dream for me. Entering now from team Shakira, the determined second chance artist, Garrett Gardner. Taking on the receptionist and R&B; vocalist, J'Sun. Let the battle begin. That is how you battle. Team Shakira, J'Sun and Garrett Gardner. Great job, guys. Let's start with Adam. Is Garrett, I maybe didn't get it at first, but I definitely get it now, bro. You're amazing. - Thanks, man. - Amazing, Adam. - Blake Sheldon. - J'Sun, you did the right thing to showcase what you're really good at. You played around with your falsetto a lot and your stage presence too. It was a lot of fun to watch you. Hey, Garrett, you've already inspired so many people with your voice because we've seen you be decent, and now we're seeing you be great in a short amount of time. That's what working and practice can do for you. I would probably pick Garrett. - Usher? - You really 100% turned it up, dude. Like you gave them pizazz. You gave them show. You gave them voice. I almost felt like you guys were having a tournament up there, going back and forth. Man, you all going to freak? But I felt like you won this battle, J'Sun. Shakira, the final decision is yours. Garrett, that deepness in your voice really captivates me, but also your personality and charisma. J'Sun, you came in as an R&B; singer, but now you can take any challenge. You did amazing today, amazing. I'm so proud of you too. You know this is so tough for me to have to pick between the two of you. Shakira, who is the winner of this the battle? Oh, God, I should have never taken this job. Just drink like I do. - Take a deep breath. - Okay. The winner of this battle is... Before the break, Garrett Gardner and J'Sun gave the performances of their lifes. Leaving Shakira with a difficult decision to make. I must confess I have a soft spot for Garrett, but J'Sun, you can do rock, soul. It's really, really hard for me. - I mean... - Who is the winner of this battle? The winner of this battle is - Garrett. - Garrett Gardner, winner of - battle team Shakira. - I'm about to cry. I can't even express how happy I am. We'll see Garrett gardner in the knockout round. I didn't think I'd get a second chance, and then to keep moving on from that second chance, it shows that I've really improved from the first time. Having to pick between Garrett and J'Sun was one of the hardest things I've had to do. Garrett, he's only 17, but he already has star quality. - I'm so proud of you. - Coaches, let me remind you that J'Sun is available to steal. J'Sun, is there anything you'd like to say to your coach, coach Shakira? I just want to thank you so much. This has been a dream come true. And without your help, I would not have let that come out of me what came out today. I just want to thank you for all of the advice and all of the warm words that you guys gave me. Thank you so much. There he is, J'Sun, everybody. Thank you, J'Sun. Thank you so much. Best of luck to you. J'Sun's time on "The Voice" has come to an end. You should have stolen him. You know it was unfortunate, but I couldn't steal. I didn't feel like it was the right fit for me, but there's still a lot of incredible talent, and I plan on hitting my - button at some point. - Let's look at how the next battle pair from team Blake matches up. 19-year-old Holly Tucker from Waco, Texas, versus 20-year-old Michelle Raitzin from Great Neck, New York. Baylor University Holly left her school's marching band to showcase her talent at the blind audition ... her soulful sound got all - four chairs to turn. - Listen to me, country music is not something to experiment with. I think I'm going to have to pick Blake. Holly! My great Uncle was a famous opera singer. My dad was in a rock band. So I feel like I was born to do this. With her strong musical roots, Michelle believed her destiny was success on "The Voice" stage. And it led her right to Blake. When you blew into that upper register, how the hell do you not push her button? - Hello. - This is my friend Sheryl Crow. - How are you? - All of a sudden, I see Sheryl Crow which was amazing. I really look up to her as an artist. She's a super powerful woman, and it was incredible. Why did you put us together? Just basically because of the power. I mean, golly, this could be one of thoeds things that I'm probably going to regret, but it's just going to make for good music and a good performance. It didn't seem fair to pair them with anybody else as far as absolute range goes. Any note that you can think of, the two can fire back at each other. I gave Holly and Michelle a song called "Blown Away" by Carrie Underwood because it's got a little bit of pop influence. It's got some rock. It's got R&B.; Michelle and Holly can both do that because there's really no limits to their singing ability. - That's the second one, right? - Yeah. Singing harmony with Sheryl Crow is just amazing. That was definitely a dream come true. I feel like Holly can take any song book and make it sound gorgeous. Holly has this very sweet voice, but I know that for purposes of our rehearsal today, it just sounded maybe a little too sweet. This song is like she hates her dad so much. He's done so many terrible, awful things so much that she's setting him up to die in this storm. So just think about what you're singing and how to get this, - attitude-wise. - The song is about abuse, and so I'm just going to have to get into that character. I know I can do that. Michelle, great attitude, but when you release the word away, you do a little break in your voice. - It's a little bit pitchy. - It was incredible to get feedback from Blake, and I definitely have my homework to do. I'm going to definitely work on the pitch and make sure that I nail it for the performance. I just, I love it because I just feel like no matter what happens with you guys, there's going to be so many great - careers that come out of this. - Thank you. - And I get to watch it happen. - That will be really cool. As their battle approaches, Holly and Michelle meet with Blake to rehearse. Michelle, you didn't have any of the pitch things. I mean, not even one of them from before. With Holly, I think you can get a little madder. - Just a little bit madder. - Okay. -You know what I mean? - Okay, fine. - You asked for it. - There you go. See? Holly definitely started to get angry in the band rehearsal. At the end of the day, we both are going to put our whole entire being into this song, and it's glling to be a battle. Because they're so amazing, it's going to be hard for me to decide. I don't know if I've ever had one of those epic battles. This is definitely going to be one for season 4. Coming up, Holly and Michelle take the battle to a whole new level. And later, Usher brings a style of coaching all his own. I'm going to stand over here. - Attract me towards you. - Usher, like to get him to come towards you, it's like really? It's time for Holly and Michelle to battle, and only one will remain on Blake's team. After all the rehearsals with Blake, I do feel like he's brought the confidence out in me. I'm just so ready to show Blake that I can get angry and let it all go. It's very nerve-racking to go up with somebody who got four chairs turned. I got one chair turned. So I have a lot to prove tonight. Blake has never won with a country artist, and I think I have what it takes to be that person. I don't want the journey to end right here. I need to be the one that's going to stand up and shine. My dad was in a rock band. My Uncle was a famous opera singer. I want to make my family proud. This is the most important - performance of my life. - Who will win the battle for team Blake? Will it be former baylor marching band member, Holly Tucker! Or the singer living out her family's music legacy, Michelle Raitzin! The battle starts right now. That is Holly and Michelle, team Blake in the battle round. Wow, Blake Shelton, my good man, they left it all out on the court. That's going to be tough for you. Let's see if your coaches maybe can offer a little bit of help. Usher, what did you think of the - girls? - Incredible. You guys did an incredible job. You really stepped up. And I understand totally why you paired them together because you both pushed each other. You both challenged one another. And I felt like you did a great job. - Thank you. - Thank you so much. Shakira, what did you think of the ladies' battle? It was fierce. You really brought it. I'm sure that you're making your coach really proud. Proud is not the word. Sick is the word I was thinking of just then. I'm sick to my stomach right - now. - You did great. Adam? Holly, so powerful, and yet still kind of controlled too. Michelle, I think that you lost a little bit of your breath at the end and went to falsetto, and it was a little weaker than the rest of your performance. I would actually probably say Holly, but you both did a fantastic job. - Thank you so much. - Thanks, Adam. - Coach Blake Shelton? - Michelle, I'm the only person that turned around for you, and right now I'm wondering if the other three were in a coma or if they were asleep. I don't know what might have happened, but there's no way a vocalist like you fell that easily into my lap, and you just proved to the other three that you should have been a four - chair turn also. - Thank you so so, so much. And Holly, because you set the bar so high so early on, you have the challenge of trying to get there again, which sucked, but you did it, and you did it even beyond that, you know what - I mean? - Thank you. - You did. - Thank you. - Can I just keep them both? - No, that's not an option. Well, screw you. Blake, I know it's not fun for you, but who is the winner of this battle? Man, I really feel like coming down to a dead even, a tie. I do. And when I'm faced with a dead even tie, I have to go with what I think is natural for me and what I'm good at. That's a country artist. So for me, the winner of this - battle is Holly. - Holly is the winner of this battle for team Blake! Congratulations, Holly. You are moving on to the knockout round. - Thank you. - Thank you, sweetie. I feel incredible. I felt like I went out there, and I gave it my all, and I left it all out on the stage just like I wanted to. It was just the most incredible feeling. I can't believe that just happened. Michelle Raitzin, everybody. Thank you so much, Michelle. Best of luck to you. I gave it my all. I did the best I could do. The experience was incredible, and I'm really bummed that I'm not moving on to the knockout. Holly being a country artist at heart, it makes more sense for me to bring her forward to the live round. I absolutely think holly could win this entire competition. You can download the complete version of tonight's battle performances on iTunes. still to come... more incredible performances. Have our coaches reaching for their buttons. - We've got a steal! - You were saying good-bye, and now you're right back in this thing. You had a baby, and I look incredible. - Thank you. - Your hips still don't lie. - Still don't lie. - What happened? I thought you were pregnant. Did the stork bring you the baby or what? While our coaches get ready to take their chairs, let's take a look at Usher's first battle pair. 21-year-old Jess Kellner from Austin, Texas, versus 17-year-old Taylor Beckham from Dallas, Texas. Jess attracted two coaches and was won over by Usher's smooth comments. - You want it to last forever? - Yes, absolutely. - Then rock with me. - Damn. I'm going to go with you, Usher. High schooler Taylor left gymnastics to follow her dream of music. Her performance got two - coaches to push their buttons. - You're going to have to work hard. I really am all about investing in artists. And she takes Usher as her coach. - Ready to get back in the settle? - Yeah. I'm excited. Seeing Usher and Pharrell, it's like, oh, my gosh. I wanted to pick a song that I felt you both would like. "You know I'm no good" by Amy Winehouse. - I love it. - It's sassy. Apparently Jess They both have two different textures, and there was an opportunity to find a song that would challenge the both of them. Amy was partial tone and the other was conviction and her - commitment. - She was all feeling it. She was 100%. You create now the next aspect of entertainment, which is very valuable. Get lost. You are there to do one thing, connect, and give me conviction. I'm going to stand over here, and I want you to energetically attract me towards you. It's Usher, like to get him to come towards you, like really? You guys have great choices. - That's only one component. - And you are still standing - way over there. - Yeah. Performing is not only hitting the right note. It's about what you can do to captivate me. With their battle approaching, Jess and Taylor have one last rehearsal with Usher. That tone too. Use that round tone. Yeah! Let's do that while we're playing. Jess has this incredibly warm tone but performance you need to be aware of that as well because you're selling something to these people. You're not stuck. You're going to be able to move, and then when you go back to your home, then you guys connect in that moment, even if she's way over there. I want to pull the audience in. Put a little attitude in it. A lot of attitude in this one. In order to win this, I will about that song, like page on fire. I put my face right there for you. There was no reason why you shouldn't have just made it personal. You can do that. This is your stage. This is your moment. Okay, Jess? I still needed to listen up, and Usher could tell Jess was super animated, and if I don't step up to the plate, she will. Have a bit of a catfight now. Getting ready to call it what it is. It's your job to make it hard for me to make a decision. Hey, it's Christina, your guide to everything going on behind the scenes "The Voice." Having a voice means about making a difference. Our artists have been giving back to the community as part of Starbucks global month of service. I remember when I didn't have food. To give back to people, it really, really makes you feel good. It really does. To find out more about how you can get involved, go to community.Starbucks.Com and join the conversation on Twitter using #extrashotofgood. The time has come for Jess and Taylor to battle. It's so important to stay here on "The Voice" because I want to be a singer more than anything. Usher told me he wants this to last forever. So I need to go out there with complete confidence knowing I am proud of who I am as an artist. I just need to put it all out - there on the table. - Jess has more experience, but if I just stay confident, I can be at her level for this battle. I don't want to keep playing on the streets in Austin. I want to play in front of thousands of people. So getting past this round is another step towards that goal. A battle to stay on team Usher starts right now. Entering the ring, the Texas hair dresser. Here she is, Jess Kellner. Versus the former gymnast and olympic hopeful, Taylor Beckham. Let the battle begin. Give it up, representing team Usher, Jess and Taylor. Let's talk to Shakira first and give coach Usher a minute to take all that in. I think that Jess has a rich voice, really silky and velvety and has all those amazing qualities. On the other hand, Taylor has a thinner voice, but there's something about her persona that is very angelic and unique. - It's a tough one. - If it was a team Shakira - battle l, who would you pick? - Probably Taylor. - Thank you. - Adam Levine, your thoughts on - the battle. - Hi, ladies. - Hi. - Really, you're both in sync in a high pressure situation. Jess, you have a very robust, big voice, and you definitely were very confident, which is cool. I think that, Taylor, your voice really surprised me. I mean, you're young, and to have that precision is pretty amazing. You're both great singers. You're both very talented. - I would go with Taylor. - Thank you so much. Thank you, Adam. Blake Shelton. Taylor has this tortured thing about her when she's singing, but I enjoyed Jess more on that thing because, I don't know, even though it may not make sense with the lyrics, I like to see somebody that's having a ball up there. I can tell Jess is just enjoying this moment and having fun with it. And not only that but also nailing the vocal parts. When you can combine all of - that, that's impressive to me. - Thank you, coaches. Usher, you have the final decision. I feel like this entire process, I was analytical at times and maybe tended to stretch you far past just your voice. It was more or less about your presence, being able to come out here and captivate your audience with your energy. By focusing on that, it takes your mind off the intricacies of each and every note to make sure every note is perfect, and I doesn't have to be. I can say you both came out here and 100% lit it on fire the way I know you can. And I want to make sure you understand that the work is only going to get harder from here. Usher, who is the winner of this battle? The winner of this battle... - Is Jess. - Jess Kellner moves on to the knockout round representing team Usher. - Congratulations, Jess. - Thank you for letting me pursue my dream. I'm going to work so hard. I'm going to be what Usher is wanting me to be what he sees from me. Coaches, let me remind you that Taylor is available to steal. Taylor, what would you like to say to coach Usher? I'm just so thankful that I got to learn from you in the amount of time that I did. Thank you so much. - I like Taylor. - We got a steal! Blake Shelton brings Taylor Beckham right back in this competition. Blake, what did you see in Taylor that made you want to steal her up? I went towards Jess knowing he was going to take who I pick knowing I was going to get her. Strategy. That's how much he puts into my opinion. Taylor Beckham now on team Shelton. - Congratulations. - Thank you. I'm sad that Usher didn't pick me, but... - Thank you. - Congratulations. Blake saved my life. I'm just so happy and excited to - be here. - Taylor Beckham makes it to the knockout round, this time representing team Blake. I'm going to prove to Blake that it was worth saving me. I was not about to let Taylor walk out of here. I already have just a ton of respect for her knowing she was an olympic hopeful. I want somebody like that on team Blake and see what they can bring to the boards. I do need your help on that little Taylor. She's got something to prove, man. If I can be of help, I will, buddy. Still to come, powerful performances. - And another surprising steal. - We got a steal! Let's head over to Blake and his team's adviser, nine-time grammy award winning artist Sheryl Crow. How this battle pair got here. 21-year-old Christian Porter from Straussburg, Pennsylvania, versus 24 and 27-year-old duo, the Swon Brothers from Muskogee, Oklahoma. I don't want to be stuck in that scene forever. He gambled with a surprising take on sexy and I know it, - blowing away three coaches. - It was like Magic Mike up there. So much imagination went into that arrangement. My gosh, I'd love to have the - chance to work with you. - I've got to go with Blake. After years of performing with their parents' band, the Swon Brothers came to "The Voice" looking for a record deal. Their performance of Tom Petty's "American Girl" also got three coaches to push their buttons. I'm your guy. I'm your okie. - Come on. - We're going to have to pick Blake. - What's going on? - This is Sheryl Crow, everybody. This is a good surprise. When I saw Sheryl Crow, she's like an angel. It's just awesome to be in the same room as people of that caliber. We were kind of curious like why you put us together like - this battle. - Just kind of whatever I think can mesh well musically. The Swon Brothers are just so funny, and Christian's version of "sexy and I know it," you know there's a sense of humor down in there somewhere, and I just think it's a fun paring. I gave Christian and the Swon Brothers "Won't back down" by tom petty. It's just one of those songs that fits well with each of the artists. We sang another tom petty song in our blind audition. - So we feel really confident. - I like it when you all sang the harmony. I thought it sounds great. The Swon Brothers are very tight as a duo. Unfortunately, I can't hit this note. It's so frustrating. Is it super, super, super uncomfortable? I'm pushing right now because I'm not used to it. You got that high note. You just got to open your mouth and don't be afraid of it. I'll keep practicing it. When it comes to the rehearsal, we'll see what happens. Do you think the tone and everything is fine for the rest of the song? Dude, you have a great tone. That's why we fought for you. - That's why you're here. - Is just confidence. It's just confidence, yeah. For Christian, I think just believing that he can go out and sing with two guys on stage and still own it and make it his own is going to be his challenge. Sometimes there has to be a tiebreaker, you know what I mean? If you get out there and your voice cracks on the chorus and theirs didn't, I'm going to go - it's a no brainer. - I'm going to practice really hard on this. I have a lot to work on. As their battle approaches, Christian and the Swon Brothers meet with Blake to rehearse. in the band rehearsal, I'm feeling really strong because I came in showing that I can hit these notes I gave a few notes to Christian during our piano rehearsal, and I came out with the band and nailed it. It says a lot about Christian's work ethic. Christian, you're singing the crap out of it. You're hitting some cool stuff in there, and your pitch is good. - Awesome. - Yeah, man, awesome. I didn't know what to expect with his blind audition performance kind of being a novelty, but the guy can sing. So we're just doing two choruses back to back and then the tag line at the end. Hell, yeah. The Swon Brothers are all over the map. They're going to have to tighten it up. Y'all's half of it is a little sloppier. Have to get it together a little bit. Sometimes it seems like you're not sure where your note's going to land. It seems like at this point Christian is getting a lot of praise for stuff that he's doing, and us two, we've got to tighten up, which we will. But it's a little scary. Just know that this isn't a hobby for you all. - This is what you do. - No backup plans for us. - That's right. - Same here. Swon Brothers don't get serious and make this performance as tight as they can, I mean, I hate to say it, but they could go home. Same for Christian being able to hit the notes. I can only pick one of you. So make it tough for me to figure this out. Coming up... ... Team Blake continues to ignite the stage. Leaving their coach in a tough spot. Y'all were both good. So what do I do now? With their battle just moments away, Christian and the Swon Brothers are ready to take the stage our whole life has been a race to this moment. - We have to win this thing. - I'm going to prove to Blake that I'm not just a novelty act. I can really sing and be a - passionate artist. - I don't want to let this guy down. We worked so hard, and this is it. This is our time. I need to win this to show people that I can branch out of the cover band bar scene, and this gives me the opportunity to be the front guy. I don't think America has seen my full potential. Competing in this ring from team Blake, the bar singer who takes chances with his music, Christian Porter! And the energetic country duo, the Swon Brothers! Let the battle begin. There you go, our battle for team Blake. Usher, let's start with you. What did you think? Give it up for Christian Porter! - Thank you so much. - Is you hit that note. I hit the note. I hit the note. You made it. Swon Brothers! - Yeah. - I didn't mean to show any favoritism. I think you guys both did really, really great. This performance was definitely one I think that is going to be very hard for you. - Thank you. - Thanks, Usher. - Shakira, what did you think? - I had fun watching you guys, and the audience did too. The fact that people enjoyed it so much is valuable. I'm curious about duos. I like how well they work together and how well they sound to go. So I would probably pick the - Swon Brothers. - Thank you very much, Shakira. - Adam Levine. - Christian, I thought you really surprised me because it's funny, in rehearsals, you were struggling with that high note, but you finally did get it out, which was really cool. Swon Brothers, you were great, but I think that just because Christian has some sort of strange delivery that is drawing me towards him, I would probably go with Chriristian. But you guys were all really - talented. - Adam Levine, thank you so much. Coach Blake Shelton, the final decision is, of course, yours. How did you think the battle - went? - Christian, I heard several different artists in your vocal, which is really cool, and you did hit the note. There were other parts of it that were... that landed weird and were pitchy, but in the grand scheme of things, it's not that big of a deal. Swon Brothers, man, you guys came on the radio, I would I instantly know it's the Swon Brothers singing. You have a very distinctive sound. You all were both good. I don't know that either one of you all actually took it away from each other, which sucks for me. It's always easier if somebody craps the bed, and then you can kind of go... Blake knows a lot about crapping the bed. - He's like an authority on that. - Absolutely. - So what do I do now? - You've got to make a decision, and it's a tough one. Blake, who is the winner of this battle? The winner of this battle is... Before the break, Christian Porter battled the Swon Brothers with a classic rock song. And now Blake has the difficult decision of who will remain on his team. I think it's better for me and whoever I'm working with to kind of stick with what I know. And because of that, the winner of this battle is the Swon Brothers. The Swon Brothers, winners of the battle of team Blake. - Congratulations, guys. - Oh, my gosh, this is the best - feeling in the entire world. - Swon Brothers move on to the - knockout round. - Congratulations, man. - Thank you. - We're thrilled to be on Blake Shelton's team. We're taking it one song at a time. Keeps getting better on this show. I love you all. Coaches, let me remind you that Christian is available to steal. What would you like to say to - coach Blake Shelton? - Oh, my God, thank you so much for this opportunity. I definitely learned so much with the short time that we had together. I know that I won't be background music forever thanks to you. Thank you. And thank you. Christian Porter, everybody. Thank you so much. Nice having you on. - Best of luck to you. - Definitely wanted to win. I definitely wanted to get stolen. I had the time of my life on that stage. I got one steal left. So I'm going to be very picky from now on, and I'm going to get someone who I really, really - want. - Thank you so much, man. I'm not going to let you down, man. That was a tough one for me, but I just felt like the Swon Brothers know who they are. They're okies. I'm an okie. This the first duo to make it this far in a long time on this show. Is we cannot say thank you enough, Blake. You can try. Go ahead. I just have a bond with them. I'm not going to lie. While Blake celebrates with the Swon Brothers, let's take a look at Adam's final battle paring of the night. 28-year-old Judith hill from Pasadena, California, versus 35-year-old Karina Iglesias from Miami, Florida. Judith landed her dream job of being Michael Jackson's duet partner. After his untimely death, she stepped out on her own. - Turning four chairs. - I'm going to light myself on fire to make sure that you are on my team. - Wait a minute, you will? - I'm not kidding. I'm going to go with team Adam. Karina came to "The Voice" hoping to show her music students it's never too late to follow your dream. She earned that chance by getting two last second button pushes. I felt towards the end that the light fixtures were just going to explode. No, but for real. Don't you pull out your Spanish right now. And the sparks fell on team Adam. So it's a man's, man's, man's world. Clearly, you're here to prove us wrong. I am a huge James Brown fan. I love singing soul music. So I'm really, really happy with - the song. - You're both mega singers. You both have power and totally different kind of power, by the - way, for a battle. - This is a hard song to sing. This is a hard one. I paired Judith and Karina together, a great idea and a terrible idea because they're both so good. This song is about putting yourself in these very big legendary shoes. Judith has the ability to be technically perfect and also soulful. Karina, I felt that she was going to blow the doors off, a big freight train of people. I'm giving them big shoes to fill, but I'm doing it because I believe in their talent. This song is particularly difficult for my voice. There's no harmony or melody to latch onto. Vocally, I've got to dig in and give the grit. I've got my work cut out for me. Judith, I like the dynamic. Make sure your big moments are still really big. I know that you're holding back a little bit. I can tell. - Yes. - Is she a bad ass? - Yes. - Karina is an amazing voice, and she's a very, very powerful singer, so I've got to challenge myself to come up to that level and push harder. Karina, you have a tendency to project very loudly. I would say give us a little more subtlety and nuance so we can feel the low lows and the ohios. The thing I love about this song is it was originally recorded about I a guy, but honestly it's more powerful coming from a woman because you wouldn't be nothing without me. I think honestly, as a country artist, it's the one I was most excited about because it's such a simple song, but it - says so much. - If one of you guys phones it in with a song like this, it's going to hurt. - Leave it all out there, man. - Either one could take this. Karina is a little more dynamic in her vocal performance, and I think Judith needs to show a little emotion. As their battle nears, Judith and Karina have one more rehearsal with Adam. Adam asked me to work on dynamics, and I think I gave him what he wanted. This song is less about your ability to sing. It's more about that connection. Work it out so you're really talking to each other. That's what makes it really - sizzle. - It's like a dialogue. Yeah, it is. You know how if people are talking and there's a flow to the conversation. It's exactly like that. To create that intense duet, it needs to be a physical tug of war, and we're just pulling at each other with the words. Judith and Karina, they're both such amazing singers. I'm a little upset that I paired them together, but that's the reality I have to deal with. This battle could easily be one of the most memorable on the - history of our show. - Coming up, two of Adam's artists take the stage for one of the most epic battles in "Voice" history and bring our coaches to their feet. That was not a great battle. That was the best battle I've - ever seen on the show. - But will it be enough for the coaches to steal? It's the night of the are taking the stage. The most important thing that I've learned from being Michael Jackson's backup singer is to sing from your heart. Judith is definitely a force to be reckoned with, but Adam also picked me, and I want to stay here. I could be a role model to my students. This song lends itself to a very powerful voice. So I just have to stay focused and do what I love to do. I can't predict who's going to win, but what I can say is that it's going to be epic. Battling now from team Adam, it's Michael Jackson's former singing partner, Judith hill. Versus the music teacher and rocker, Karina Iglesias. The battle starts right now. An epic battle from team Adam, Karina Iglesias versus Judith Hill. And a well deserved standing ovation. Well, it was certainly a woman's world tonight. Excellent battle. Adam has such a tough decision to make. You can think about it. See if his fellow coaches can help him out. Blake Shelton, what did you think of that? Same thing everybody in this room. I was freaking out. That was just... so good. Judith has been a favorite since we first saw her here on the show. I mean, incredible story. She's got this incredible talent to back it up. My gosh, sister, though, you brought it. I mean, I don't know... Thank you. It's got to be intimidating to sing with her, and you didn't back down one bit. I mean, you... it was like watching a battle l up there. - It was incredible. - Thanks, Blake. The only negative thing I'll say is Adam's really stupid for putting you two against each other. Battles shouldn't sound this good. - Usher, what did you think? - It was incredible. You guys shook this entire room. You know, you guys were connected from the moment you walked out with the bow. That was pretty cool. But it really, truly was a battle that showed both of your talents and highlights why he put the two of you together. He's really stuck with a very, very, very, very, very, very hard decision. - Shakira? - I think it was almost deliciously contradictory to witness so much female power on stage and to hear them say that this is a man's world. I was completely taken aback by your performance. I don't know how Adam put the two of them together. I think that was a real bad idea because you're going to have to... Thank you. No, because they're both amazing, and those trills, Karina, and those high notes. We already know that Judith is like a pro, but Karina has proved to be such an amazing and solid singer, and I would pick Karina. Okay. You might have an opportunity to do that too. Adam Levine, explain your - thoughts on the battle. - That was not a great battle. That was the best battle I've ever seen on this show. Now, I've been called stupid by Blake, and Shakira called me dumb. No, I didn't say that. - You said something else. - I said it was a bad idea, - Bad idea, very bad idea. - And it was all true. I'm a stupid person with bad ideas. But I will say this. I knew how powerful you both were. So the only loser of this the - battle round is going to be me. - Adam, we know it's hard, but we need your decision. Who's the winner of this battle? Wow, you guys floored me. However, winner of this batt battle... is Judith. Judith Hill representing team Adam, moves on to the knockout rounds. We will see you soon. Good job, baby. Judith, I had to go with because there's just something about her. She's unbelievable. Kind of oozes charisma and confidence. You weren't crying. You weren't crying on it's a man's world. I feel like I was overcome and did my best and excited. Karina Iglesias stands with me center stage. Coaches, let me remind you, Karina is available to steal. Now, is there anything you'd like to say to your coach, Adam? I just, I want to thank you, Adam, from the bottom of my - heart for picking me. - We have a steal! Shakira comes in to steal Karina Iglesias away from team Adam. Shak! Not getting Karina in the blind auditions, I had confidence in her talent. I used my last steal to get Karina, and I'm so happy she's on my team. These other coaches better watch out because I'm good. It means the world to me that my olita is here. She's my inspiration, and I'm happy she got to share this moment with me. Team Latino. As night one of the battles end, here's where the team stands. Adam picked country artist Amber Carrington and vocal power house Judith Hill. Blake chose former marching band musician Holly Tucker and country duo the Swon Brothers. And stole former gymnast Taylor Beckham from team Usher. Usher chose indy artist Jess Kellner to move on for his team. And Shakira picked returning artist Garrett Gardner and stole both R&B; artist Sasha Allen and Latin rocker Karina Iglesias from team Adam. Tomorrow night the steal continues to be a game changer. - We got a steal! - As the rivalries heat up. He thinks he's going to beat me with a country artist. We're talking Adam Levine here, right? For one new coach, this is not a game. Is this funny to you? It all leads up to the most surprising steal The Voice has ever seen. All right. Now you got to let me talk. Oh, my God. NBC's "The Voice." Watch it live tomorr 8:00/7:00 central. - sync by Zac - www.addicted.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 