The Voice: Season 17, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Voice 
 s17e9 - The Battles, Part 3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Voice (2011–…): Season 17, Episode 9 - The Battles, Part 3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Boom ♪ ♪ I can't wait, no, for nobody ♪ Hey! Doing the battles. Watch out. Let's do it. Here we are. See the traffic? People are excited. They're driving fast because it's the battles. It gets people pumped up. Team Blake! ♪ That's what I'm gonna do ♪  [ Coughs ] It's time to rehearse for the battles. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Team Legend has been assembled. Now it's time to get ready to figure out who's ready to win "The Voice." ♪ Walking away from you ♪ I just want people that are special and have a special voice and make me feel something. You got your eye on a couple, I'm sure. I mean, all 12, I think, are great, but I definitely have some of my favorites. Alright, brother. Appreciate you being here to help us. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. Yeah, man. Mm-hmm. I'm feeling powerful. You're feeling powerful? Feeling dangerous. Don't tell me that. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [ Laughs ] Man, so, we got Jared and Will coming. They both have a soulful pop style. Jared has a really great high-tenor tone. And then Will -- he's really soulful, and he sounds really good  on those lower notes. Here they are. Jared and Will. Here's Usher! Oh, what? [ Laughs ] What's up?! Oh, my gosh. That is so cool. I used to bounce  to that music, bro. Good to see you, brother. How are you, man? Good to meet you, too. Will: I was so excited to work with John, but then Usher -- Oh, my goodness. Usher has won "The Voice." You got a lot of championship-level "Voice" advice. He's a Renaissance man. He sings, he dances, he acts. The guy is the whole package. Actually, the first time I ever spent time with Usher was on tour with him, and it was like a master class. And now we get the benefit of having his advice for you all. My girlfriend loves it when I sing "There Goes My Baby" to her. Oh, man. She's the reason I'm here right now. [ Screaming ] My girlfriend has been very supportive and very encouraging. Me being here at "The Voice," I want to show Cree that I believe in her faith in me. Back at home, I was a college student that ran and led worship for my university. And the blind auditions were absolutely life-changing. ♪ I'm speechless ♪ ♪ Starin' at you standin' there in that dress ♪ I saw you copy me! John: You take the whole audience on a journey. I would love to work with you. I've wanted to work with you for a long time. I'm picking John. Yay! ♪ I won't lie to you ♪ John: Jared and Will are singing "Treat You Better" by Shawn Mendes. I felt like a Shawn Mendes song would be right in their vocal pocket. ♪ Tell me why are we wasting time ♪ Usher: What I liked about Jared's voice is that there is a youthful texture to what he has to offer. ♪ I know I can treat you better ♪ He has an ability to captivate an older and a younger audience. ♪ Better than he can ♪ ♪ I'll stop time for you ♪ Will, to me, is a really incredible artist. He kind of reminds me of Dave Matthews in some way 'cause he has a powerful voice. ♪ Better than he can ♪ Jared, hitting that high note, you got to get up there, so -- The "Better than he can" part? Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, yeah. Nail that with conviction. My only critique is, you know, one, to relax. Start with your eyes closed so you can get centered. Okay. Take that moment for you. Yeah. Will, it just feels a little bit sterilized right now. This rounded-tone thing that you have, that's your signature.  Yeah. Alright. But you got to be present, man. It can't just be, "I technically hit the notes." It needs to be, "I made people connect to the music." I just don't see all the fire that I saw from you... Right. ...in the blinds. [ Scatting ] ♪ I'm giving you everything ♪ Being on the blind-audition stage was a complete blur for me. Got to be John Legend, man. I picked John Legend because he's got a lot of great insight, and he really knows how to arrange a great song to make his people shine. I am one of the few live loopers  in my area. I'm stacking a guitar sound, bass sound, and a drum sound. It plays it back in a continuous loop. The band just keeps going. I can just go grab a beer or something. It's pretty cool. Looping works very well with my Asperger syndrome because I can analyze what I'm doing. I think music has helped me express my feelings in a way that would otherwise not come naturally to me. Both: ♪ I know I can treat you better ♪ Will: In many ways, Jared is intimidating. Stylistically, he sounds more like Shawn Mendes than I do. ♪ Better than he can ♪ ♪ I'll stop time for you ♪ It's gonna be important for me to take risks on this performance so that everyone pays attention. I'm gonna try this just for fun. I feel like I'm hiding  behind it. Usher: Yeah, I'm gonna give you another critique. Figure out what to do with your hands. Sometimes I'll put that energy in just adjusting my mic just to let you know I'm still there. I'm taking notes, learning  from Usher right now. -Yeah.  -[ Laughs ] I might -- I might -- I might give you -- This has become my thing. Oh, man. You know, the guy always, like, slaps his leg? Uh-huh. Find your little niches. 'Cause that's a nuance that makes a star. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Jared, when you come in with that soft tone, use the air. ♪ I won't lie to you ♪ Okay. King of it right here. [ Chuckles ] He will give you... [ Singing mumbled words ] Jared: Being coached by John and Usher is a master class in how you can translate feeling from a song. They were honest. They didn't hold it back. I love the personality you guys are putting on this song now. It feels like, "Okay, now we -- we got ourselves a performance." Between me and Usher, I think we gave them a lot of advice. And by the time we were done with rehearsal... Thank you so much. John: ...I really felt good about where they were. I think right now, it's pretty close. I thought it was cool, man. I thought it was a cool session. Dude, you killed it. I feel like I got torn up. Nah. Nah. Nah. They're just making you better, man. I know. They're just making us better. Man: Okay, folks. To the auditorium. And here we go. Battle time. We are battle ready. Man: Okay, folks, places, please. Places, please. Let's clear the aisles. [ Cheers and applause ] ♪♪ This battle begins  right now. ♪♪ ♪ I won't lie to you ♪ ♪ 'Cause I know he's just not right for you ♪ ♪ And you can tell me if I'm off ♪ ♪ But I see it on your face ♪ ♪ When you say that he's the one that you want ♪ ♪ And you're spendin' all your time ♪ ♪ In this wrong situation ♪ ♪ And any time you want it to stop ♪ ♪ 'Cause I know I can treat you better ♪ ♪ Than he can ♪ ♪ And any girl  like you deserves ♪ ♪ A gentleman ♪ ♪ Tell me why are we wasting time on all your wasted cryin' ♪ ♪ When you should be with me instead ♪ ♪ I know I can treat you better ♪ ♪ Oh, better than he can ♪ ♪ I'll stop time for you ♪ ♪ The second you say... ♪ Yay! ♪ ...you'd like me to ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ I just wanna give you ♪ ♪ The loving that you're missing ♪ ♪ Baby, just to wake up  with you ♪ ♪ It would be everything I need ♪ ♪ And this could be so different ♪ ♪ Tell me  what you want to do ♪ ♪ 'Cause I know I can treat you better ♪ ♪ Than he can ♪ ♪ And any girl  like you deserves ♪ ♪ A gentleman ♪ ♪ Tell me why  are we wasting time ♪ ♪ On all your wasted cryin' ♪ ♪ When you should be with me instead ♪ ♪ I know I can treat you better ♪ ♪ Oh, better than he can ♪ ♪ Give me a sign ♪ ♪ Take my hand ♪ ♪ We'll be fine ♪ ♪ Promise I'll never let you doooown ♪ Nice! ♪ 'Cause I know I can treat you better ♪ What the hell?! What is happening?! ♪ Than he can ♪ ♪ And any girl  like you deserves ♪ ♪ A gentleman ♪ ♪ Tell me why are we wasting time ♪ ♪ On all your wasted cryin' ♪ ♪ When you should be with me instead ♪ ♪ I know I can treat you better ♪ ♪ No, better than he ca-a-a-a-n ♪ ♪ Ohhhhhhh ♪ ♪ Better than he ca-a-a-n ♪ ♪ Whoooooooa ♪ ♪ Better than he can ♪ Yeah! [ Cheers and applause ] Will: Let's go! Whoo! [ Laughs ] -Yeah! -I love you! Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! Guys, that was so awesome! Will, I cannot keep  my eyes off of you. -[ Laughs ] -I cannot stop staring -- Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. [ Laughter ] He's right here! [ Laughter ] Gwen: Jared, your opening verse was so pretty. You're way down there... Thank you. Thank you. ...and you still were in control of it. It was beautiful.  Beautiful. I appreciate that. Thank you. And then when Will comes in, you have a really crazy energy onstage. And it's so bold. Thank you so much. My mouth was on the floor, going, "What is happening  right now? Who is this guy?" It was just so different  and unique. Even though, Jared, you are so gifted, in this moment, I just couldn't stop looking at Will. Amazing. Incredible. [ Cheers and applause ] Jared, she's right.  You have this range that is pretty amazing. -Yeah. Like, the thing you may have on Will is any time  you hit a big note, it is just, like,  projected to Mars. Will, although you don't have maybe the volume Jared has, you have all the style in the world, all the texture in your voice. That one run, I had to stand up 'cause I was like, "What?!"  -[ Laughs ] Before that run, I stood up another time. You both did something crazy sexy. It was so cool. [ Laughter ] Like... Hot in here. I'm just trying to make up for this guy. Look at him. Look at how gorgeous he is, man. These ladies are loving you guys. [ Chuckles ] It's hot in here. I also find you both very sexy. [ Laughter ] I like that. Only for you, Blake. -Oh, thank you.  -[ Laughs ] Yeah, Jared, you know, it was interesting. When you started the song, I had to lean in because it was so breath-y and down there, low. I was like, "Is he hitting those notes?" You were nailing them. To relax enough... -Yeah. ...in this environment to hit those low notes -- they go away for me when I get freaked out. You know, so, great job on the entire song. The problem is Will. I mean, this guy is just, uh... What did I do?! It was unbelievable, man. He did karate. -Yeah. I saw him do a karate move right there at one point. It was great, man. And I don't want to take away from your singing. You delivered an incredible performance. Okay. Thank you, coaches! Alright, John, final decision is yours. What did you think about that battle? Everybody stepped up and -- and did well beyond what they were supposed to do. Whatever challenges you were facing in rehearsal, you surmounted those challenges. And I'm just so proud I got to work with both of you. Thank you so much.  -Thank you. [ Cheers and applause ] Daly: John, a tough decision. Who is the winner of this battle? Part of it's just my own preference as far as vocal style and vocal ability. Part of it's just kind of the charisma and star power. The winner of this battle... is Will. Alright, Will! Congratulations! You're moving on! I love you, dude. I'm so sorry about this. Nah, it's okay, bro. I'm fine. [ Indistinct conversations ] John: Jared did an amazing job. If he wasn't against Will, he would have been just fine. Good job! It was so good. Let's go! Whoo! John: Will is really special. [ Laughs ] He performs with a level of passion... [ Speaks indistinctly ] ...and energy and excitement and electricity that is really infectious. I think he can do really well on this show. I'm obsessed with him. He is so good. He is so cute. I'm so astronomically excited to be continuing to work  with John. Also, hi, Mom. Jared, anything you want to say to John? I really appreciate all your kind words. This is incredible. I couldn't have asked  for anything more. Give it up for Jared Herzog,  ladies and gentlemen! Thank you so much. Hey, man, great job. Thank you.  Thank you. See that blank look on John's face? That's the look of a man with zero confidence in the decisions that he's made, and I love it. That's the look of a man that's getting upset with me. Daly: Coming up... [ Both laugh ] ...the artists get once-in-a-lifetime advice from the best in the business. Bob Dylan's Bob Dylan  not because he hit every note. He hit every emotion. Try just one spot in this song to not do what's expected. Okay. And that's just for us as an audience to get a piece of you. ♪ Just never took the time ♪ Yeah! Get it, Jake! ♪ You were always on my mind ♪ Daly: ...leading to more epic battles. Yeah! ♪ Valerie ♪ -I'm falling in love with you. -I love you. -You're talking about love? -Yeah. [ Laughter ] [ Laughs mockingly ] -We've got a steal! -What?! -We've also got a save! -Oh, my! . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Let's check in with Blake and his advisor, Darius Rucker. I got to say that there's only a handful of artists of your caliber that have expertise in different areas of music and be able to convey some constructive criticism. So, really, this is a selfish move on my part. [ Laughs ] See, this -- this is what makes me nervous -- the waiting. Yeah, it's all the waiting. Yeah, I know. Just got to dance it off. Marina: The battles are a little nerve-racking. I've sang duets before, but I never felt like I had to battle somebody for it. It definitely, like, puts a little pep in my step because Ricky's a real gritty,  a real, like, emotional singer. He's bananas. [ Gasps ] -Hey! Come meet Darius Rucker. Hello. Yes! Oh, my God! Hi! It's so nice to meet you. Very nice to meet you. How are you? When I walked in, and I saw not only Blake but Darius Rucker, I was blown away. Hootie & the Blowfish -- You know, that's, like, a huge influence of mine. Marina, you're from Uzbekistan? Yeah. How long have you been here in the States? Over 26 years now. Yeah. So, who's the singer that makes you want to sing? Mariah Carey. Mariah? Mm-hmm. I love Mariah. Marina:  I'm originally from Uzbekistan, and I was 11 years old when we moved to New York. We came here and had nothing. I couldn't speak English, but music helped me learn the language. Like, Mariah Carey -- I think I learned English  listening to her. [ Chuckles ] In about 2007, I got the great opportunity to be signed to Bad Boy Records, P. Diddy's label. Top 40 radio, attention! This is a single called "Sideline." I thought that was it, I was gonna finally make it. And...it just didn't happen. When I became a mom, I put music a little bit on the back burner. Now that he's older, he's a lot more independent. It gives me a little more room to pursue music again. ♪ Walk me home in the dead of night ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] To see two chairs, I'm like, "Oh, my -- Oh, my God! It's happening!" I love that you chose to do these runs that were lower instead of just staying in your upper register the whole time. It showed off your range, and it was very smart. There's something about your voice, to me, that I feel like America's gonna connect with. I choose Blake. Yes, Marina! My parents worked really hard to give us the life that we have. I couldn't do this if it wasn't for them. And it's really important for me to show my son that dreams come true and anything's possible because it'll just... I'm not gonna... [ Laughs ] I'm super proud! Aah! Ricky, do you have a gig somewhere, or...? Yeah, I do this full time. You sing full time? Yeah? Yeah. I've been a full-time musician in Austin, Texas, for eight years. Played basically all over the main strips of the city. [ Cheers and applause ] Thank y'all so much. But I've always wanted something more. My dad was my hero growing up, but I lost my dad to suicide, and, uh...that was a shock, and, you know, it was really hard on my family. I lost my mom with breast cancer  last year. And, um, I think my parents were definitely with me for my blind audition. ♪ Been travelin'  these wide roads for so long ♪ ♪ My heart's been far from you ♪ I got four chair turns. I'm very grateful for this moment. My parents would be ecstatic. I think I owe it to them to just follow my passion, you know? It's him! My hero! Thank you. I feel like this is one of my better vocal pairings. You guys are both just ridiculously talented. My goal with my team is to have the least amount of people go home, even if I have to see them go to suckier coaches. [ Laughter ] ♪ Well, sometimes I go out by myself ♪ Blake: I gave these two "Valerie" by The Zutons. ♪ And I look  across the water ♪ This song is great because it leaves room for them to add a little bit more of their own personality. I want to see an up-tempo, more fun side to what they do. ♪ So, did you have to go to jail ♪ ♪ And put your house on up for sale? ♪ Darius: Ricky's one of those guys that I hate because I want to sing like that. Every time he opened his mouth,  whatever came out was perfect. Ricky is a star. ♪ Won't you come on over? ♪ There's nothing I don't love about Marina's voice. The pureness of it, the way she was just pounding the notes. She's got one of those voices that she can sing anything. ♪ Why don't you come on over ♪ ♪ Valeriiiiie? ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Valerie ♪ She puts an emphasis on every one of those moves. That was great. I heard every note, yeah. Yeah. Who's the lead singer of The Black Crowes? Chris Robinson. Yeah. He's got a little bit of that element. Absolutely!  You know what I mean? Wow. Chris Robinson is an idol of mine, and you definitely have some of that in there, for sure. Yeah. There was one moment in the song, at the end, right before you went into your little own ad libs... Mm-hmm? ...and it just didn't pocket together. It's just when you came in or got out of it, it was just sloppy. Yeah. You know? I think it's a matter of just hearing who's singing lead and listening to them two or three times on that specific part  and then figuring out what they're doing and just laying it in there. ♪ Valerie ♪ Ricky: Marina is such a powerful singer, and she has all those Mariah Carey runs, you know? And I'm not necessarily that vocalist. But instantly, when we started singing, her energy just brought life to my voice. ♪ Valerie, yeaaaaaah ♪ ♪ Why don't you come on over ♪ ♪ Valerie? ♪ You fixed it. You fixed it. When y'all hit those first harmonies, it gave me chills. That's singing right there. [ Chuckles ] You both are performers. I can tell already. There's a lot of great performers in this business that don't have great voices, like me and Blake. [ Laughter ] But... And if we can make it, you guys certainly can with that kind of talent! To have people here as talented as both of you guys, it's a little bit frustrating 'cause you go, "Why aren't they on the radio? Why didn't they make it?" you know? It's ridiculous. There's no reason that  either one of you two should be going home. Marina: Thank you. Yeah, y'all should be  real happy. Y'all gonna kill it.  -Thank you. Blake: The thing that I love about Ricky -- He's got tons of gravel in his voice, and he's also got that thing about him when he performs that you just want to see more. I'm so excited for you. Thank you so much.  Yes, ma'am. Marina has such a grip on what she's capable of doing. She can probably go toe-to-toe with anybody in this competition. Bye, guys. Thank you!  Yeah, thank you guys. I think this is gonna be one of those decisions I just have to make based on what I feel in my heart. Daly: Put yourself in our coaches' chairs. Get "The Voice" official app, play along, and build your own "Voice" team. . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ ♪♪ Man: 15 seconds. Places, please. So, where are you gonna use your save? Kelly: This is the first season we're allowed to save in the battles. When you have that one opportunity to actually save someone to stick around, like, that's so magical. Man: Alright, here we go, guys. [ Cheers and applause ] Marina: It's definitely intimidating going up against Ricky, who turned four chairs on the blinds. Daly: Marina Chello! Marina: After so many close calls in this industry, to have such an amazing opportunity, I definitely don't want to let it go. Okay. I just want to really show Blake that I want to stay on his team. Daly: Ricky Duran! Ricky: I just want to focus on keeping that high energy for this song and drawing people in so that they can't stop watching us. I want to make my parents proud. I hope they're smiling down on me. The battle starts now. ♪♪ Ricky: Come on! ♪ Well, sometimes I go out by myself ♪ ♪ And I look  across the water ♪ Alright! ♪ And I think of all the things ♪ ♪ What you're doin' ♪ ♪ And in my head, I paint a picture ♪ ♪ Yeah, whoa ♪ He's good, yeah. ♪ Since I've come on home ♪ ♪ Well, my body's been a mess ♪ ♪ And I missed  your ginger hair ♪ ♪ And the way you like to dress, now ♪ ♪ Won't you come on over? ♪ ♪ Stop making a fool out of me ♪ ♪ Why don't you come on over ♪ ♪ Valerie? ♪ Alright! Yes! ♪ Valerie ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Whoo, yeah, baby ♪ ♪ So, did you have to go to jail ♪ ♪ And put your house on up for sale? ♪ ♪ Did you get a good lawyer? ♪ Sing it, boy! Sing it! ♪ Whoa, yeah ♪ ♪ Oh, I hope you didn't catch a tan ♪ ♪ I hope you find the right girl ♪ ♪ Who'll fix it for you ♪ ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ Ricky: ♪ Well, since  I've come on home ♪ ♪ You see, my body's  been a mess, girl ♪ ♪ And I missed your ginger hair ♪ ♪ And the way you like to dress ♪ Alright. ♪ Won't you come on over? ♪ ♪ Stop making a fool out of me ♪ ♪ Why don't you come on over ♪ ♪ Valeriiiiiie? ♪ ♪ Valeriiiie ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah, baby ♪ ♪ Valerie ♪ ♪ Whoa, yeah, now, now ♪ ♪ Valeriiiie ♪ ♪ Why don't you come on over ♪ ♪ Valeriiiie? ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] So good. Whoo! [ Cheers and applause continue ] -Thank you. -So good. -Whoo. -So good. So good. Alright. Marina and Ricky, that was fantastic. Marina, I think you have an excellent voice. You looked so confident up there. It looked like you were really having a good time. Ricky, something about your tone is really cool to me. You sound like a star. You have that something special about your voice that feels extra magical. If I were to pick, I would pick Ricky. [ Cheers and applause ] Hi, guys. It was such a tough battle because I kept bouncing back and forth. Marina, your voice kept getting better and better each time you would show a little bit more of what you can do. But I have to agree with John. Ricky, you have this star quality and stage presence. You just believe you, 100%. There is no nerves. And so, I would have to give it to Ricky, as well. [ Applause ] Ricky, you are amazing. I turned around for you, and you didn't pick me. [ Laughs ] -Same here! Same here! Kelly: But, Marina, I turned around for you, too. And I don't agree with them, man. I think your voice -- Whoo! You were like, "Yes, I want to win." Like, you both are completely captivating. I actually think that both of you bring out the other's "A" game. And, you know, if anyone's up for grabs, like, "Hey!" [ Laughter ] So, have a good time with Blake right now. Daly: Thank you, coaches. Alright, buddy, you'll have the final decision. What did you think of the battle? You guys did everything that a coach could ask you to do. You took the notes. You listened. You came out here. You gave it 150%. You're way overdue for a break in music, both of you. Ricky's kind of sneaky.  Even with the way he performs, it's like he's sneaking up on something. He's about to catch a neighbor's cat or something. [ Laughter ] And, Marina, you kept building on your performance. You know, every time you thought Ricky was just gonna run away with this thing, you would do a run. You would do something range-y. It was like, "No, I'm still here. I've got something to showcase here." Now here I am having to make  a decision, and it's literally awful. Uh... -Tough one for you, Blake. -Yeah. Who is the winner of this battle? Blake: I'm just gonna say that I'm picking the winner of this battle... not because I think somebody is better than the other. It's just based off of this song. ♪♪ The winner of this battle is -- is Ricky. Ricky Duran, congratulations! You're moving on to the knockouts! Congratulations! Congratulations, man. Thank you. Ricky is a star. He's gonna be a threat to  everybody in this competition. Thank you, guys. Thank you. I love his voice, and I love the way he gets lost in the moment. Whew! Moving forward, we got to find more songs that he can apply that kind of talent to. Coaches, let me remind you... I'm jealous. ...Marina Chello is available... -Yes! -...to steal or save! That's right, sis! Daly: Blake Shelton uses his only save in the battles. You're not going an-- Oh, come on! -Ohh! -Oh, no! We got a steal now from Kelly Clarkson! -Not again! -Oh, wow! Wow! You guys fought before. You're gonna fight again. Marina, now it'll get fun. You can stick with Blake, who broke your heart a minute ago, or you can move on to Kelly Clarkson. Exactly. Either way, you're not leaving. So, congratulations. Thank you! [ Cheers and applause ] First of all, Marina, I've believed in you since the beginning, still believe in you now. It's not time to start over again with somebody! Please, Marina! Please stay on Team Blake! [ Laughs ] I thought you just slayed that song. That was incredible. I think we have a similar vibe, like, as far as, like, what you chose to sing in the blinds. It's why I'm picking you now, too. I just think there's something super special about you. But I do think the right choice here would be me. [ Laughs ] Daly: Alright. Marina Chello, it is now up to you. Would you like old dogs or new tricks? Come on! Come on, Marina! Come back home! [ Audience shouting ] Oh, my. This feels like the blinds all over again. . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back. Marina Chello, it is now up to you. Blake or Kelly? Who do you pick as your coach? Come on! Come on, Marina! Come back home! [ Audience shouting ] I'll stick to my guns again. Ugh! I'm coming home. I'm going with Blake. Yes! Daly: Blake Shelton uses his one and only save... I can't win. ...and keeps Marina Chello around on Team Blake. We'll see her in the knockouts. Give it up for Marina! I'm so excited. Thank you so much. Thank you. You just made my day. You know, I thought it was cute that Kelly thought she had a chance to steal Marina from me. Nice try! I love her. Nice try. I can promise you right now that Marina is going to shock people moving forward. This girl can freaking sing. She was cool. Her little walk, her little sass. Like, I liked it. I mean, she didn't like this, but that's fine. [ Both laugh ] It's so cool to see them go through the transformation. Yeah. People at home would never know how many phases you went through to get to the end result. I know! I think maybe I'm a mom now, so it's, like, the coolest part to watch. I mean, you got a talented bunch. I know. They're really good. [ Laughs ] Up next, we have Jake and Steve. Jake is country to the core. Full-on country. Yeah! And Steve is a very gifted singer. He kind of can sing anything you gave him. So, he's versatile. Yeah, Steve is versatile. Okay. Alright, let's get them in here. Steve: Yeah! -Hey! -Hello! -What's up? This is Normani. -Hi! How are you? -How are you? -Oh, my God. Jake: Seeing Normani, one of the biggest pop singers right now, it was unreal. Thank you.  This is so awesome. "Dancing With a Stranger" -- I mean, even me, like, being in country music, like, I've heard that song. And I work in radio, so, I mean, I hear it all the time and love it. I'm a single dad from Cookeville, Tennessee. My day job is a sales rep for a radio station. I have my daughter every other week. I love you, Daddy. There's nothing better than having that support from my daughter and being,  like, a superstar in her eyes. ♪ When it rains, it pours ♪ The blind-audition day, Kelly turned her chair around and stood up, and I don't remember singing the rest of the song. You sound like Ronnie Dunn. Thank you so much. I know you used your Block button. I didn't. I still have my Block button, and I get him. I loved him.  What a big old boy! I love how much you had to raise that up. I know we just saw -- You're so tall, man. I have Normani here. I'm just so glad because  she's been through competition. So I understand what  you're going through. -[ Laughs ] -[ Laughing ] Yeah! I have a question. So, how is it, like, collaborating with so many different artists, like Sam Smith? It's amazing because I feel like different artists and working with different  people kind of brings something unique out in you. It's never gonna be the same. -Yeah. -100%. ♪ Maybe  I didn't love you ♪ God, that's pretty! Jake and Steve -- I paired them because Steve has this soulful tone, and then Jake's holding down just, like, piercing, straight-up Ronnie Dunn, which I love. And I thought that they would mesh well together -- soulful music and blues and country. That's all kind of one family. ♪ Girl, I'm sorry I was blind ♪ I was very excited about them singing "Always on My Mind" by Willie Nelson. Both: ♪ You were always on my mind ♪ Kelly: People might see that as a country song. Ray Charles has done it. Rod Stewart has done it. Like, it's a great, classic song. ♪ You were always on my mind ♪ Jake, he has more classic country sound. Yes! You know his voice as soon as he opens his mouth. If I heard it on the radio, I would know that it was him. That's great! Chills! Alright! I'm, like, over here, like... I know. I'm crying a bit, so... [ Laughter ] I can tell that both of you have  maybe felt the message before, because you relayed that. Except you said "girl." What? Say "boy." Okay. Okay. You got a partner.  I just like when people are true to themselves and their life. To themselves. I think it's a very powerful thing if you're comfortable. And also, everyone watching at home will also see themselves in you, too, so... Steve: Back in San Francisco, I  wasn't really gigging too much, just recording my own music and living with my partner, Don. We've been together for almost five years, and we're gonna be married  on our fifth-year anniversary. Don supports my music career 100%. ♪ Up over the clouds ♪ For my blind audition, I sang "Up to the Mountain," and it's originally by Patty Griffin, but Kelly Clarkson also did a version, which is the version that I did. Your range is incredible.  Thank you. Your falsetto is sweet. Kelly was definitely the coach I wanted from the beginning, and I'm very much hoping to make her proud. On your own parts, like, try something different melodically. Just one spot in this song to not do what's expected for each of you. Just to make it like, "Ooh, they went there, and I did not know they were gonna do that. That was nice." Normani: Right. And that's just for us... Okay. ...like, as an audience, to get a piece of you. -Yeah. -Yeah. Like... ♪ Little things I should have said and done ♪ ♪ I just never took the tiiime ♪ ♪ You were always on my miiiind ♪ -Yes! -Yes! Steve has this raspy, smoky, husky, unique tone. He was a standout for me, for sure. ♪ I just never took the tiiime ♪ Yes! Get it, Jake! Jake: Being a country singer, I'm very comfortable with the song. I've sang it at some of my gigs. I don't know if it's necessarily an advantage for me, because Steve is an incredible musician, an incredible vocalist. I definitely, you know, have a lot of work cut out for me. ♪ My miiiind ♪ [ Laughter ] Yeah, exactly. She's doing it for the both of us. You guys! That was beautiful! -Thank you so much. -Incredible. That change was really nice. -Yes! It's tasteful, and it's not too much. Jake's voice -- It's mesmerizing, actually. Being paired with somebody  like Jake, it definitely has upped my game a little bit. Look at each other, like, towards the end on those harmonies. Yeah. And especially when you jump up and you have to watch him 'cause he's lead, just come in softly, because you have such a piercing voice. And if you don't nail that harmony right off the bat, it'll be noticeable.  -You'll be able to tell. Yeah. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Jake and Steve were one-chair turns. Y'all are all dumb. Like...  [ Laughs ] And I appreciate, again, the help. -Aw. -Thank you so much. These two are so talented. Oops.  [ Laughs ] I don't know who I'm gonna pick. Yay. . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back to the battle rounds. What is he doing? What is he doing? Huh? Thank you! That's crazy. Daly: Which Team Kelly artist will win this battle?! Whoo! Love you, bro. Love you, too, man. -Yes! -Jake dresses like you. [ Laughs ] Let the battle begin. ♪♪ ♪ Maybe I didn't love you ♪ Yes, sir! ♪ Quite as often as I could have ♪ Alright, Steve. ♪ Maybe I didn't treat you ♪ ♪ Quite as good  as I should have ♪ ♪ If I made you feel second best ♪ ♪ Boy, I'm sorry I was blind ♪ Yeah! Whoo! ♪ You were always on my miiiind ♪ ♪ You were always on my mind ♪ ♪ Little things I should have said and done ♪ ♪ I just never got the tiiiime ♪ Whoo! ♪ But you were always on my mind ♪ ♪ You were always on my mind ♪ ♪ Te-e-e-e-ll me ♪ ♪ Tell me that your sweet love hasn't died ♪ ♪ And give me ♪ ♪ Give me one more chance to keep you satisfied ♪ ♪ I'll keep you satisfiiiiied ♪ ♪ Little things I should have said and done ♪ Damn! Alright! ♪ I just never took the time ♪ ♪ You were always on my miiiind ♪ ♪ You were always on my miiiiiind ♪ Come on! [ Cheers and applause ] Whoo! Yeah! Whoo! -Yeah! That was so good! Thank you. Wow! Kelly gave you guys a freaking classic. Yes! You know, I got to say, Jake has the most awesome, perfect amount of nasal to be a good country singer. [ Laughs ] I used to hear people say, "Country singers sing out of their nose." It's like, "I know. Isn't it awesome?" [ Laughter ] You got enough of that, man... Thank you. ...that it's -- it adds character and it makes it authentic. And then, you got a little Willie in there, to be honest with you. I don't -- That sounded weird,  didn't it? "You got a little Willie  in there." [ Laughter ] You got -- Let me rephrase that for your sake. You've got a lot of Willie. [ Laughter ] -It's so stupid. -Hey! And, Steve, I think your voice is great, and you hit one part where you went into your head voice, and, man, it was beautiful. Thank you. I'm always gonna err on the side of something that is traditional-sounding, and so I think I'd be picking my man Hoot. Mm. Thank you very much. Thank you. Jake, your tone just sounded perfect for this, like you owned the song, like it  was written for you to sing it. It just felt right. And, Steve, you have a wonderful voice, as well, and I think you can do a lot  of interesting things with it. But I was more impressed by Jake's performance. Thank you very much. Thank you. [ Applause ] -Hi. -Hello. I was blown away by both of you. Steve, your voice is so warm and beautiful, and you can do so much with being able to go into your head voice. I think that when Jake came in, your voice is so strong, it resonates. But, Steve, your voice is extraordinary. Thank you. Thank you very much. -Thank you, coaches!  -Thank you. Daly: Alright, Kelly,  you've got the final decision. Give us some thoughts on the battle first. Well, I grew up hearing this  song at 6:00 a.m. every morning in our household. I love Willie Nelson, and you both executed it  perfectly. It comes down to just strategically who's gonna round out the team? Like, what do I have and what do I need? Kelly, who is the winner of this battle? This sucks. Y'all are both really good. ♪♪ The winner of this battle... ...is Jake. Jake Hoot! Moving on! Congratulations! I love you, man. Kelly: I went with Jake because I felt like there are certain times that are undeniable. When Jake walks out onstage, it's undeniable. I am a sucker for straight-up, old-school country, and that's what Jake is. Give it up for Steve Knill, ladies and gentlemen! Good job, Steve! Killer, man. You're so gifted. ♪♪ He was really good. He was really good, but Jake is really electric. I like Jake. Why did none of us turn for him? Jake is country, and he's good. [ Laughter ] And he's on my team! She points at me for country  and herself for good. ♪ You ♪ Daly: As the night went on, Kelly had more tough decisions to make. ♪ Hadn't had a smile ♪ ♪ In a little while, baby ♪ ♪ Bluuuuuue ♪ ♪ Looks good on the sky ♪ ♪ Looks good on that neon  buzzin' on the wall ♪ ♪ But, darling, it don't match your eyes ♪ I love both of your voices. So, it just represents different vibes and textures. The winner of this battle  is Gracee. Gracee is gonna take the battle round for Team Kelly. ♪ That heart you caught must be waiting for ya ♪ ♪ Even now when we're already over ♪ ♪ I can't help myself  from looking for ya ♪ One is, like, so ready, and more of a pure tone, and you nail it every time. And then the other one -- very, like, magical and raw. The winner of this battle, just 'cause I'm intrigued, is gonna be Damali. Damali, congratulations! Still to come... You're super straight, clean, and polite, and he's dirty, nasty, like -- He got kids. Yeah, I got kids. You could just be a little bit like, "This is my house." ♪ I want to give you some love ♪ ♪ I want to give, I want to give ♪ Whoo! ♪ Always had high, high hopes ♪ ♪ High, high hopes for a living ♪ Do I have to really choose, because this sucks so bad? [ Laughs ] Daly: It's not only our coaches who are forced to make big decisions. Daly: We got a steal and a save! Stop it! Stop it! Who do you choose as your coach? Please. . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back to the battles. I'm so excited to hear this song. Blake: Do I know that one? ♪ Turn your lights down low ♪ There's such a contrast to their voices, it sounds so good. Yeah, I'm so excited about it. Daly: Two soulful singers  enter the stage from Team Gwen! [ Cheers and applause ] Yes! [ Cheers and applause ] Heart's beating. Here we go. Yeah. A little more fun. It's gonna be fire. -Hi! -Hi! -Yo! -♪ Da, da, da, da ♪ will.i.am is here. -Oh, my gosh. -Two for one. It's crazy! Hello! Royce: When I saw will.i.am was gonna be our advisor, I knew I had the perfect two people to give me advice. This is like a boot camp and, like, an amazing, amazing opportunity. And the fact that he's here is so great for you guys. I'm so excited for him to hear you sing. -Yeah, power duo. -Yeah. It's definitely the most ideal thing I could possibly think of -- to learn from two of the most just universal artists in the world. -Yeah. -Wow! I was telling my wife, when we talk about artists I want to be like, your two names always comes up because... -Aw, so sweet. -...mixing the genres, you know? Like, blending the hip-hop with the pop and the rock and the reggae. Oh, you married? Yeah! How many years? 10 years, man. Whoa! 10 years! How old are you? I'm 30. Awesome! Already got kids? Yeah, two boys. Oh, man, that's awesome! Royce: Back home, I was balancing being a singer-songwriter and a dad and a husband. I've played different stages before. I've toured the East Coast, South America. Booked six months worth of shows throughout Paris. But this is incredibly emotional because you feel honored  to be here. ♪ Someone please call 911 ♪ I chose Gwen because the way she bends genres, like, I believe really shapes culture. I'm so excited. And I want to do that with my music. ♪ I want to give you some love ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ Gwen: Royce and Kiara are doing "Turn Your Lights Down Low" by Bob Marley & the Wailers because she's sort of an intimate sort of singer-songwriter... ♪ Turn your lights down low ♪ ...and he had a lot of intimate tones in his voice, as well. ♪ And let your love come shining in ♪ So I could just really picture them together. You're super straight, clean, and polite. And he's dirty, nasty, like -- You got kids. Yeah. -He-- He's made babies. -Yeah. So, the contrast in the duet is working so amazingly. -Yeah. -And there's, like, a chemistry. It's like me and Blake. We do not seem like  we would be together, but yet we go together perfectly. Kiara: Yeah. So it's like this weird, like, contrast. Mm-hmm. But at that same time, it's a battle. Yeah. And right now, Kiara, you're letting him win because  you're not showing me all the dynamics to your voice. I just have to say your mom and your dad -- they raised you pretty amazing. Thank you very much.  I appreciate that. Kiara: Growing up, I was really shy, reclusive, and struggled to get out of my shell. But according to my parents, I've been singing since before I can talk. I finished college last year for audio engineering and music business. I've been gigging at different venues in Vegas, writing for different artists, but being on "The Voice," I'm definitely living my dream. ♪ I'm free ♪ ♪ I'm free fallin' ♪ I didn't think anyone was gonna turn. I love the singer-songwriter side to you. I pick Gwen. Having Gwen's belief in me, it's amazing. It doesn't get any better. will.i.am: You're approaching the song politely. It's like you're coming into the house and you don't want to put your feet on the couch, when in reality, you can do whatever you want in the house. Yeah. Just as long as you don't mess up the furniture. And that's what's holding you back, is your politeness. Okay. If you could be just a little bit -- not rude, but just a little bit like, "This is my house." Yeah. Make this your home. ♪ Turn your lights down low ♪ Wow! Once she was given permission to own the house, she started flying. ♪ And let your love come shining in ♪ Royce's voice is choice. His tone is spectacular. ♪ Our lives again, yeah ♪ Royce, what I love, love, love, love about your voice -- It's so strong, but then you're able to come back into this really intimate place, which is what the song really calls for. And I think what I'm always gonna be looking for is personality and truth. Gwen is definitely helping me grow my confidence. Just the encouragement when I sing, it definitely lets me know that there's a truth to what I'm doing. Kiara, definitely got sparklier when you were starting to come out a little bit more. Thank you. The one thing you can do is show a little bit more sides to your voice. Okay. It's crucial in this performance that I'm not too delicate or too soft, just because it is a competition. So I'm really just gonna have to push myself showing my range and showing I'm just as capable vocally as Royce. You guys are so awesome together. -Thank you.  -Who knew? Oh! I did. [ Chuckles ] will.i.am: I think Gwen is leaning towards Royce. Thank you so much. But she's open to see what Kiara brings out. Yeah, she's really polite. She's so nice. Mm-hmm. . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back to the battle rounds. ♪♪ Kiara: To be here with Gwen and to be working with choreographers and vocal coaches, it makes me really proud of myself. Me and Royce have been working really hard on this song. I hope Gwen likes what we've added in. I'm just really excited to -- to show more of myself. ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Turn your lights down low ♪ ♪ Never, ever try to resist ♪ ♪ Oh, no ♪ What?! ♪ No ♪ -Wow! What?!  -Thank you. -What are you doing?  -[ Laughs ] You're cr-- I'm -- I am shocked right now. Oh, thank you. Where'd polite girl go? Um, she learned her lesson. -[ Laughs ] Okay. -[ Laughing ] She... Gwen: It's so beautiful to watch someone grow so much right before your eyes. I just wonder where Kiara was hiding all that passion and fire in the last rehearsal. Real growth just happened. Yeah, for sure. I'm so used to being nice and playing it safe, but you helped me to fight. You have that in you. Yeah. Royce, the thing that's really special about you is your character, and you need to go more with that. Royce has this really amazing gift of dynamics and style in his voice, but in some ways, now I feel like he's being the polite one. I think there needs to be one moment where you're just, like... Yeah. "Mmm!" Okay. To them, like, "This is me." Mm-hmm. "I'm not just a reggae guy. Like, I'm me. Like, and I look cool because I am." You know what I mean?  Like, "Yes, I do." Okay. The chance to be able to learn from Gwen, it's just been incredible. And so my challenge is gonna be to hit that bar that Gwen set for me. I've been around a while, and you guys are both really, really, really good. -Thank you so much. -Thank you. I appreciate it. Gwen: I honestly don't know what I'm gonna do, but I do know this is definitely gonna be one of the best battle performances. [ Cheers and applause ] The battle starts right now. [ Cheers and applause ] ♪♪ Whoo! ♪♪ ♪ Turn the lights down low ♪ ♪ And I pull  your window curtain ♪ Wow! ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Oh, let your moon come shining in ♪ ♪ In ♪ ♪ Into our life again ♪ ♪ On time ♪  ♪ On time ♪ ♪ On tiiime ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ I want to give you  some love ♪ ♪ I want to give, I want to give, oh ♪ ♪ I want to give you some good, good loving ♪ ♪ Darling, I ♪ ♪ Oh, I ♪ ♪ Oh, I ♪ ♪ I, yeah ♪ ♪ I want to give you some good, good loving ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Turn your lights down low ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ -Wow! Kiara: ♪ And never, ever try to resist ♪ ♪ Oh, no, no ♪ ♪ And let your love come shining in ♪ ♪ Into our lives again ♪ ♪ Yeah, sayin' ♪ ♪ Ooooooh, I love you ♪ ♪ I love you ♪ ♪ I love you ♪ Whoo! ♪ And I want you  to know right now ♪ ♪ Know right now ♪ ♪ Ooooooh, I love you ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ And I want you to know right now ♪ ♪ That I ♪ ♪ That I ♪ ♪ Ohh ♪ ♪ I want to give you some love ♪ Yes! ♪ I want to give you ♪ I told you, right?! ♪ Some good, good loving ♪ ♪ Oh, I ♪ ♪ Oh, I ♪ ♪ Oh, I ♪ ♪ Whoo ♪ ♪ I want to give you some good, good loving ♪ ♪ Oh, I ♪ ♪ Oh, I ♪ ♪ Oh, I ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] -Yeah! -Whoo! -Wow! -Whoo! John: Whoo! Yes! Yes! -Whoo! -Whoo! -Whoo! -Whoo! [ Laughs ] That was, like, probably one of the most fun performances. Royce, you had  that rasping going. It's really, really awesome. Thank you. It's just such depth. Like you've had like 10 lives or something. But I'm gonna say,  Kiara, I love you! Thank you! And I made a mistake. I should have turned for you in the blinds. You shocked me. You came out here and you commanded the stage. You were toe-to-toe. I mean, it was really, really good. So if I had to pick, I'd probably go with Kiara. Wow. Yeah, but, Royce, that is not to negate what you just did, man. That was amazing. [ Cheers and applause ] Thank you. Gwen and I have a playlist.  I want their version. Okay. It's a good love song, you know? Oh, yeah! For when you guys -- I don't -- You're talking about -- You're talking about love? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, God,  I'm gonna get sick. -[ Laughs ]  -[ Laughs ] I've hit my button for both of y'all. Both of y'all made a terrible mistake, by the way. Kiara, I feel like you're the one that kind of had the taller mountain to climb there, because you performed that song like you know you got something to prove up there. Yeah. I got to say, though, I think  I would go with Royce because I just feel like he's hitting a groove. And that's -- that's pretty exciting. Thanks. Royce, you were great. Your voice is made for this song. Thank you. Kiara, you surprised us because what we see is way more than what you showed us in the blinds. It was exciting to see how much you have in there. [ Laughs ] Daly: Thank you, coaches. Gwen, you have the final decision. Give us your thoughts on the battle first. It was such a joy working with both of you guys. Kiara, if you can unleash that  much, you have more to unleash, and, like, I'm so curious to see what that is. I'm so proud of you. You did so good. Thank you so much. I'm falling in love with you just because of how hard you worked. And you deserve to be here. And, Royce, you had the energy that you needed. We talked about that. And just really, really incredible with your whole style. So, I have to make a decision, and this is really, really painful. I don't know what to do  right now. Do I have to really choose, because this sucks so bad? I'm so sorry, but the time has come. Who is the winner of this battle? Okay, well... [ Chuckles ] ♪♪ I am so proud. I love you guys. And I have to pick. So I'm gonna make a decision. And the winner of this battle is gonna be Royce. Daly: Royce, congratulations! You're moving on! Congrats, man! Gwen: I had to go with Royce because his voice has so much character, personality, and dynamics. Aah, this is so hard! And he's just really talented and has a lot of stage presence. He's the full package. You did so good. Royce: It's so cool to stay on Team Gwen. And I love my family, and everything I do is -- it's just to show people where I come from, that -- that you can really do whatever you want to do, you know? Aah! Why am I crying?! I'm super happy right now. What do I do? You have a save. Coaches, let me remind you Kiara is available to steal or save. [ Cheers and applause ] And we've got a steal and a save immediately! Kelly Clarkson in on the steal.  -Oh, my... Gwen here using her only save. Thank you! I love her! I love her! Give it up for Kiara! Yes! Kiara, now you have a really difficult choice. Oh, my God, I'm so happy! You can stay at home with your coach, Gwen, or you can move on to Kelly Clarkson. I'll just start with Kelly. You hit your button so fast. I know! I do think you tricked me in the blinds. [ Laughs ] Because the whole point is for you to show us all that you're capable of. Yeah.  You didn't, ma'am. [ Laughter ] Your range is incredible. Thank you. Why didn't you show that? I would have, like, turned for days. I'm so impressed by your voice. But I'm even more floored with how Gwen talks about you. What touches us, and people at home watching, is character. And the fact that she speaks so highly of you and you're willing to learn and you're a workhorse, I think that you belong here, and I'm so stoked you're here. -Thank you so much. -I love you. Thank you, Kelly. -No, I love it. I love it. Coach Gwen Stefani, you used your only save here during the battles for Kiara. I know, and I wasn't planning on this, Kiara, because I have somebody else on Team Gwen that I was super torn about. And now I'm just super confused because I would love to work with you more. I thought we had a lot of fun together. Yeah, we did, yeah. Either way, we're gonna be on here all together, and it's really up to you. I love working with you, and you've helped open up this part of me that I didn't even know existed. -I'm gonna cry right now. -Aww! Daly: Kiara, I hate  to put it off on you, but the time has come. Who do you pick as your coach? Um... Come on, Kiara! Come on! [ Audience shouting ] [ Laughs ] So, I-I do want you to be able to use that save, so I'm gonna go with Kelly. Yes! Yes! Kelly steals! Oh, my God! Kelly: The most exciting thing that's happened in battles is Kiara for me. I had no idea she had all that in her, so I'm like, "Uh, what else are you hiding?" I want to show Kelly that I have even more to bring with emotion and grit and just, uh -- Well, then, show me. [ Both laugh ] Oh, my God. I'm so excited. Did you panic when  Kelly hit her button? I just like her a lot, and I just want her to do whatever she felt good about. -Right. -Yeah. . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back to the battles at Universal Studios, Hollywood. You've hit your button more than anybody else, which means -- For steals. Oh, you mean for steals? Yeah. Clearly means you've lost. No, that's true. I have no steal or save left. I have a steal left. I have a steal left. And Blake has a steal left. Thanks to Gwen. Oh, my gosh, I have a save left! You're save-less and steal-less. I don't even care. I believe in a lot of people. But this is a competition show,  and you're losing. What I'm saying here is I have amazing taste. [ Laughter ] Alright, let's go. Let's battle. Matthew: This is insane. Ohh. What the...is going on right now? Blake: This next pairing  is Joana and Matthew. Go ahead. Go ahead. Both pop artists. Darius: Yeah. So, I'm glad you're here, being the pop icon that you are. Yeah. [ Laughs ] Yeah. You and -- and Christina Aguilera. Right there neck-and-neck. [ Laughs ] Walking in right now. Okay. Yep. -Hello. -Hi! -Get on in here, you two! -Hey! -Hi, guys! -This is Darius Rucker. -Oh, my... -Yes, I'm very familiar. -Oh, my God! -How are you? Matthew: I walk in, and a legend is sitting next to Blake Shelton. Darius Freaking Rucker? It was like looking at a wax figure. Like, you wanted to touch him 'cause you were like, "That's not real that he's, like, there." I know. I can't believe I'm here either, man. [ Laughter ] I'm so excited to be here and to do what I love. It feels like a blessing. ♪ And you're not here ♪ ♪ To get me through it all ♪ ♪ I let my guard down ♪ [ Cheering ] Months beforehand, my grandmother and my sister had a dream that I was standing onstage with Blake Shelton. And so, seeing Blake turn, I mean, I immediately just went, "What?!" I started my first band in high school. I graduated and went full time. I started playing dive bars  in Austin, all the way up to my hometown for 15,000 people. I'm so excited to be here because it gives me the opportunity to live out  my dream and continue to grow. I want to get there. You know what I mean? And it's just so exciting. Who's the boss over here? Joana: That's Papa Joe. How you doing? I'm Papa Joe. Yeah, man. Good to see you. How you doing? Pleasure to meet you. You're not very proud, are you? [ Laughter ] I can see his chest swelling up over there. Look at that. My dad, him and I have bonded a lot over music. So of course I want to make my dad proud. The blind auditions, the nerve-racking point was the door, but once those doors opened, I felt really, you know, comfortable. ♪ I want you to stay ♪ ♪ Oh, baby ♪ ♪ I want you to stay ♪ Like, even when we turned around, you weren't even fazed. Your God-given talent is already shining through. [ Laughing ] Oh. I choose Team Blake. -Hey, yeah! -So there you go. Joana: Blake just seemed so genuine, and my gut was telling me,  "Go with Blake. Go with Blake." Being 15 and going through this, it's like, "What?" It's like, "Wow, okay, this is real." [ Chuckles ] So, what do you guys think about this song? I personally love the song. I have been singing it for a good while. I just learned this song 24 hours ago. -Cool. -This is what we do. Matthew: Great. I gave these two "High Hopes" by Panic! at the Disco because I feel like it's a song that really pushes them both and gives them also a chance to entertain on the stage. ♪ Mama said ♪ ♪ Don't give up ♪ ♪ It's a little complicated ♪ Your vocal range is literally out of this world, you know? Thank you. Thank you. You were up there. You were hitting the notes, but it sounded like you were running out of air. Alright, yes. So just make sure you get a big -- Breath support. Yeah. Yeah. Joana's a 15-year-old 40-year-old. And she's got a voice of an angel. And it's rare to see a 15-year-old that has that kind of control of her voice. ♪ I was gonna be that one in a million ♪ ♪ Always had high, high ho-o-o-pes ♪ Whoo! Ooh, that's so high. Darius: Dude, that's -- It's high, but you're killing it. Oh, my Lord. When you were really just letting loose, you had a tone and a raspiness to your voice that was just sexy as hell, man. Thank you. Yeah, I think the only thing that's working against you is your body language of, like, "Oh, I know I can't get to that note," but I literally know you can. Right. You could tell that Matthew has that tentativeness, but when he hit the note that he  didn't think he was gonna hit, he hit it full-bodied, and it was probably the best note of the song. You sound great together. Thank you.  Thank you. Like, when you opened with the harmonies at the beginning of the chorus,  absolutely. Yeah.  Absolutely. -Thank you.  -Thank you. Joana, a note for you would be your diction. Okay, diction. The song is about making it. Yeah. So really think about what these lyrics are saying. And it's really an anthem for both of you. Joana: Here on "The Voice," every round, you've got to push yourself to be better and do more so that you can keep moving forward. You really have to shoot for the  stars, as they say in the song. It would be a great way to end the song is if you just fall face-first on the stage, just "Pfft!" at the end of it. -[ Laughs ] -I think -- I think I might. Great voice. Man, great to meet you. You know,  Joana has a lot of confidence, and that's what actually Matthew needs more of. On the other hand, Matthew has this great diction, and that's something that Joana could actually work on. We'll see y'all soon. Thank y'all so much. -Thank you! Bye! -See you, guys! Blake: I think this battle's gonna come down to which one of these artists can give the best performance they can give. You freaking killed that. Thank you! So did you! Ho-ly crap! I am incredibly scared to be beaten by a 15-year-old. I mean, she is intimidating with how she sings. And so, I have to bring my all if I'm gonna be able to compete with her. High five. Good job. Let's go. We got this. . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back to the battles. There are a lot of Texans this season. I feel like at my show in Vegas, it's, like, all Texas. Oh, real-- Well, I'm from there. Every friend loved you. I'm also a super fan. [ Laughs ] [ Cheers and applause ] Good luck. The battle starts now. ♪♪ ♪ Had to have high, high hopes for a living ♪ ♪ Shooting for the stars ♪ ♪ When I couldn't make  a killing ♪ ♪ Didn't have a dime ♪ ♪ But I always had a vision ♪ ♪ Always had high, high hopes ♪ ♪ Mama said ♪ ♪ Fulfill the prophecy ♪ ♪ Be something greater ♪ ♪ Go make a legacy ♪ ♪ Manifest destiny ♪ ♪ Back in the days ♪ ♪ We wanted everything,  wanted everything ♪ Matthew: ♪ Mama said ♪ ♪ Burn your biographies ♪ ♪ Rewrite your history ♪ ♪ Light up  your wildest dreams ♪ ♪ Museum victories, every day ♪ ♪ We wanted everything ♪ ♪ We wanted everything ♪ ♪ Mama said ♪ ♪ Don't give up ♪ ♪ It's a little complicated ♪ ♪ All tied up ♪ ♪ No more love ♪ ♪ And I'd hate to see you waitiiing ♪ ♪ Had to have high, high hopes for a living ♪ Nice! Okay. ♪ Shooting for the stars ♪ ♪ When I couldn't make a killing ♪ ♪ Didn't have a dime ♪ ♪ But I always had a vision ♪ ♪ Always had high, high hopes ♪ ♪ Had to have high, high hopes for a living ♪ ♪ Didn't know how ♪ ♪ But I always had a feeling ♪ ♪ I was gonna be that one in a million ♪ ♪ Always had high, high hopes ♪ ♪ Stay up on that rise, stay up on that rise ♪ ♪ Don't ever come down, oh ♪ ♪ Stay up on that rise, stay up on that rise ♪ ♪ And never come do-o-o-o-wn ♪ ♪ Mama said ♪ ♪ Don't give up ♪ ♪ It's a little complicated ♪ ♪ All tied up ♪ ♪ No more love ♪ ♪ And I'd hate to see you waiting ♪ ♪ They say it's all been done ♪ ♪ But they haven't seen the best of me-e-e-e ♪ ♪ So I got one more run ♪ ♪ And it's gonna be a sight to see-e-e-e ♪ Sing it with us! ♪ Had to have ♪ ♪ High, high hopes for a living ♪ ♪ Shooting for the stars ♪ ♪ When I couldn't make  a killing ♪ ♪ Didn't have a dime ♪ ♪ But I always had a vision ♪ ♪ Always had high, high hopes ♪ ♪ High, high hopes for a living ♪ ♪ Didn't know how ♪ ♪ But I always had a feeling ♪ ♪ I was gonna be that one in a million ♪ ♪ Always had high, high ho-o-o-pes ♪ Wow! [ Cheers and applause ] Whoo! That felt good! It was amazing. Amazing. Great job. Whoo! Wow! I love your energy. I love your chemistry. It was a lot of fun to watch. Matthew, I loved that growl that you had, the raspiness, some of the edge in your voice. Thank you very much. Joana, you were fantastic. Thank you. You have a lot more poise  than a 15-year-old should have. Thank you. [ Cheers and applause ] Your range was super exciting. You, like, hit some beautifully executed high notes. Thank you. Thank you. I'm gonna say I would pick Joana just based on this moment. Thank you. Thank you. [ Cheers and applause ] Gwen:  Matthew really did a great job. And through the performance, there was moments it was, like, shockingly good. Thank you. But, Joana, I turned for you. I wanted you on my team. Like, how are you 15 and you have that much style in your voice and confidence and even all the moves you guys did onstage? The choreography -- that's a lot to take on. The whole time,  I was flipping back and forth. I think I'm leaning towards Joana because I wanted you, but, Matthew, I think that you're super interesting as an artist, and I would love to see what else you would do. Thank you very much. It is amazing that you are 15 years old. You're an amazing vocalist. But I will say I could not take my eyes off of Matthew. Like, you are commanding. Thank you. I loved all the growl. And to sing that song -- Brendon Urie is, like, an amaz-- He's one of the best male vocalists out right now. True. So, I would have hated him for giving me that song. I would have been like, "Do you want me to fail?" It happens to be my favorite Panic! at the Disco song, okay? Is it? Okay. I'm just saying. Is it the only  Panic! at the Disco  song you know? Yeah? He'll tell you his second-favorite later. Yeah. It's my first- and second-favorite, John. Okay? Matthew, you made that song yours. Just from pure sound, I thought Matthew was captivating. Matthew: Thank you very much, Kelly. -Thank you, coaches.  -Well done! Daly: Blake, you got the final decision. Give us some thoughts first. Let's face it, this is a really hard song to sing. I can't even think that fast, as you guys were singing, you know? And, Matthew, you did those things that Kelly's talking about that were captivating, and the way you lock in on a vocal is impressive. Thank you. And, Joana, everything about you is impressive. I mean... Thank you. ...you're already at this level. Where are you gonna be in November, when we come back here and this thing is live, you know? And it would have been a lot easier if one of you would have sucked. [ Laughs ] And you were both great. You were both great. -Thank you.  -Thank you. So... [ Laughs mockingly ] Now it's up to me. Blake, tough decision for you, but the time has come. Who's the winner of this battle? [ Clears throat ] ♪♪ The winner of this battle... is Joana. Daly: Joana, congratulations! Great job. You, too. Yeah, Joana! Blake: The thing about Joana's voice is it's still developing. I know that she's got incredible range. She's got a unique tone. And moving forward, I just got to lean on her to figure out who she wants to be as an artist. Matthew, anything you want to say to your coach? Blake, I just want to say thank you for how much I've grown as an artist just since knowing you. And having to challenge myself is more valuable to me than anything else. So thank you so much for that. Aw! Give it up! Matthew McQueen, ladies and gentlemen! Great job, Matthew! See you, man. If I had a steal, man, you would be it. So good. So good. Thank you so much. Whoo! [ Laughs ] I wasn't expecting that. This is gonna be incredible.  I'm excited. Yes, ma'am. Me, too. I'm so excited. Me, too. Man: Okay, 90 seconds, guys.  90 seconds. ♪♪ Kyndal: Today is battle day. Somebody might go home. And that's very nerve-racking 'cause I don't want it to be me. Yeah! But today I'm gonna show Gwen I know how to flex. Phew! James:  I moved to L.A. two years ago, and I moved back home after one year. So this is really my second go  at being a full-time musician. I'm hoping that if I don't win, I at least get a save  or a steal. That'd be amazing. Yay! . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back to the battle rounds. What should be going through our head is, "Let's have fun." Yeah, you definitely, like, balance me out with that, too. Good. 'Cause he's, like -- He's so chill, and I'm just like, "Maah!" all the time. So... What was it? What did you do? Maah! Cool. Stay tuned. I don't know. -Yay! -Hi! -You made it! -Oh, my gosh! -Hi, guys. -Shut up! -Whoa! -Look. -That's crazy!  -will.i.am! That's freaking crazy! It's will.i.am. He's probably one of the most creative geniuses in the industry, ever. Dude, I swear we were just barely listening to your new song. -Oh, really? -I swear on my life. In the car. -What?  -The, uh -- "Be Nice"! Yeah! Dude, I was just -- -Yeah! Dope! -That's so cute. -So fun. -That's crazy. Where are you from, James? I'm from Utah. What part of Utah? North of Salt Lake. I used to live out here in L.A. It's very tough trying to make it in L.A. I had a day job and busking for extra money. Before my blind audition, I haven't been on stage in over a year, so being at "The Voice" is really just surreal. ♪ Sweet creature ♪ ♪ Wherever I go ♪ I did not ever expect three chairs to turn. It's really, like, rags to riches. Your voice is the kind of voice I want to hear on a record. Gwen is a rule breaker, and she is unapologetically herself. Fighting over you, James! I just really admire that  about her. I want her to help me with my stage presence. ♪ I've never been to heaven ♪ I got three chairs in the blinds. It was very validating, having  Gwen used her only Block on me. What I really relate to is the style in your voice. Let's just do it! I'm gonna go Gwen. [ Screaming ] I suffered a lot with anxiety and depression from a very early stage  of my life. My biological father and my mother divorced. I felt like my father didn't want me because of something that I did. Music changed that for me. Gwen's going to help me be more confident with myself and be able to shine. ♪ Usually a drink will do the trick ♪ Gwen: I gave James and Kyndal "I Could Use a Love Song" by Maren Morris. This song is not just a country song. This is just a great, emotional song. It's a song that you would imagine a singer-songwriter would write, and both of them are singer-songwriters. ♪ I need something stronger ♪ James: Kyndal and I had never heard this song prior to when Gwen assigned the song to us. So it was kind of, like, a  scramble to really listen to it and understand and digest the music. ♪ I could use a love song ♪ ♪ That takes me back ♪ ♪ Right where the ♪ ♪ Da-da-da ♪ Super nervous. Sorry. When did you guys find out you guys were singing this song? Less than two days ago. Oh, two days ago. You've been singing a song,  and you've had it for two days? And you still reading it as life support from a paper? I got problems. So, if this was the Grammys... Yeah. Yeah. ...you would have been prepared a little bit more? Right. Yeah. But every moment you should treat like it's the Grammys. Sure. I'm a little disappointed that I  wasn't completely lyric-ready. I should have been. Learn it how she sings it first. will.i.am: Mm. And then, when your emotion's coming through, it's gonna change it enough. Yeah. The metaphor is make a pizza the way you're supposed to make a pizza. If you want to flip it and fold it, calzone! [ Laughs ] That's good! I want to be will.i.am when I grow up. James: Working with will.i.am, it's amazing. All the metaphors and the crazy things he was saying -- yeah, I know why he's a songwriter. You guys sing better than artists that have careers. Is that what it takes to get there? Nope. What it takes to get there is, like, honesty. Bob Dylan's Bob Dylan  not because he hit every note. -Yeah. -He hit every emotion. Yeah. Hitting those emotions is knowing what you're saying and interpreting it, whether you wrote it or not  and just studying a little bit. We just want to see how much emotion you can give 'cause that's the most important thing. Yeah. ♪ I could use a love song ♪ Kyndal -- her voice is, like...  ♪ That takes me back ♪ It's complete. ♪ Just like that ♪ That's my type of voice. ♪ To a time when I wouldn't roll my eyes ♪ James has an amazing voice. ♪ At a guy and a girl ♪ He is singing in a female's register and soars on those highs. ♪ Seems to go so wrong ♪ Amazing. My God. Wow. You hit that note, and I had to, like, pull my eyebrows back down to where they were 'cause they, like, keep going up. Your range is pretty spectacular. To the point, Kyndal, don't hold back when you want to do those runs, like, at the end. Yeah. I tend to shy away from a big moment in this song because I don't want to take away from another person. But this is a battle, and I need to give it everything I have. Don't be too shy to flex. Okay. You know what I mean? Flex on him. Yeah. Totally. Own it. Don't rent it. Don't lease it. Own it. I think we didn't talk anything  about stage presence. There's, like, certain things that are appropriate. Like, you don't want to, like, whine and grind, like, singing like that. That ain't gonna work. Yeah. You don't want her to be doing a little twerking while she's... ♪ I could use a love song ♪ ♪ Take me back ♪ Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I feel you. Alright, guys, thank you. -Thank you so much. -Thank you guys so much. Gwen: I was all over Kyndal. I couldn't believe I got her on my team. I love her style of singing. I feel good. They love us. [ Laughs ] So when James came in today and just, like, blew me away, I thought, "This is gonna be the  hardest one for me to choose." When he went up there, I'm like, "How is she gonna decide?" I don't know. I really don't know. . ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back. [ Cheers and applause ] You ready? You ready? This is gonna be great. Let's do it. Oh, my gosh, you're cute! The battle starts now. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪ Usually a drink  will do the trick ♪ ♪ Take the edge off quick, sitting in the dark ♪ ♪ With a shared cigarette ♪ ♪ Seeing eye-to-eye and heart-to-heart ♪ ♪ Maybe I'm just getting old ♪ ♪ Used to work,  but now it don't ♪ Nice! Kyndal:  ♪ A long-gone drive ♪ ♪ You know the kind where you take a turn ♪ ♪ And you don't know why ♪ ♪ Clears your mind, a surefire cure ♪ ♪ I need something stronger ♪ ♪ That'll last a little longer ♪ ♪ I could use a love song ♪ ♪ That takes me back ♪ ♪ Just like that ♪ ♪ When it comes on ♪ ♪ To a time when I wouldn't roll my eyes ♪ ♪ At a guy and a girl ♪ ♪ Who make it work in a world ♪ ♪ That for me so far just seems to go so wrong ♪ ♪ Yeah, I could use ♪ ♪ I could use ♪ ♪ A love song ♪ Hey! ♪ Oooooh, yeah ♪ ♪ Ohhh ♪ ♪ Give me a sign or a rhyme or a reason ♪ ♪ Just something that I ♪ ♪ Oh, I can believe in ♪ ♪ I could use a love song ♪ ♪ That takes me back ♪ ♪ Just like that ♪ ♪ When it comes on ♪ Love him! ♪ To a time when I wouldn't roll my eyes ♪ ♪ At a guy and a girl ♪ ♪ Who make it work in a world ♪ ♪ That for me so far just seems to go so wrong ♪ ♪ Yeah, I could use ♪ ♪ Yeah, I could use ♪ ♪ I could use a love song ♪ ♪ Oooooooooh ♪ You are good! ♪ Love song ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] Yeah, that was great! -Yay! -Whoo! Whoo! John: Whoo! Yeah! Gwen: So good! Yay! I'm so proud of you! Yeah! Your voices sound  beautiful together. Kyndal, yours is, like, more of a pure, angelic kind of vibe, and yours is more like a dark angel that has fallen for his love. [ Laughs ] It's like... -Yeah. -I'll take it. Thank you. It's like playing at a movie. It's very "City of Angels." Your vibe is so on point. Like, your style, how you perform, like, your voice, the textures. Like, everything is believable. That's the only reason why I would say a little ahead of Kyndal. But, Kyndal, the cool thing about your voice is that you don't sound like anyone. Thank you. So, good luck. Thank you! [ Laughs ] This is hard! James probably had a harder time trying to figure out how this song could possibly work for him. Most definitely, yeah. But you did figure it out, you know? And you got a really cool voice. Thank you. And, Kyndal, I know that Maren Morris song. You're kind of laying stuff in there a little differently 'cause it kind of fits with your vibrato, and it kind of changes up the pocket a little bit. Yeah. And, man, that's cool. Thank you. I would probably go with Kyndal. [ Cheers and applause ] Kyndal, I thought I had decided for sure that you were gonna win just off of the first few lines that you sang because I felt like James was still finding his spot, and you came in just sounding like, "Whoo!" Like, "Yes!" -Thank you. Thank you. John: "Okay, I own this song." I would lean toward Kyndal,  but, James, some of those notes you were hitting, it was thrilling. Tough decision, Gwen. [ Laughter ] Alright, Gwen, you've got the final decision, but give us some thoughts on that battle. I always had my heart wrapped around Kyndal because she has the kind of voice that is so unique. And, James, I don't think that I realized how unique and interesting your voice was until we got in the room together. I don't think you knew that you could sing up there. No. And when he started singing up there, we were, like, going, "My God, what's going on?" I forgot you were so young.  You're 20! Like, you haven't even  drank yet. [ Laughter ] -Right!  -[ Laughs ] Yeah. Yeah. So, with all that being said, I'm super torn. Gwen, the time has come. Who is the winner of this battle? I am going to say the winner of this battle... is... Kyndal. Kyndal Inskeep moves on! Congratulations! Way to go. Good job. I'm moving on! I'm moving on! ♪ I'm so excited ♪ Congratulations. You did so good. Kyndal -- She's got just so much character in her voice, and that's something you can't really teach somebody. I think with that, she's gonna go far. Coaches, let me remind you, James is available to steal or save. We've got a steal! Oh. What?! We've also got a save! This is amazing! Holy cow! Stop it! Stop it! John Legend pressed his button immediately to steal James away. Mr. Legend says, "Not so fast." Come on home, James! John, we'll start with you. James, I really heard the magic in your voice. And I don't have anyone on my team like you. It would be so much fun to work with you, pick the best songs to make the most of your immense talent and your super-cool vibe. We could have so much fun. I would love to coach you. Thank you. Thank you, John. Gwen? I got to be honest. I had this plan this whole time. You were always on my "I'm gonna save him" list. I'm just so proud of you. I feel like we can keep this relationship going. I'm, like, so terrified you're gonna go with John. Like, it's awful. How dare you! John: James! I only have one steal, and, James, it's all yours. It's all yours. Oh, my God. Come on. This coach loves you so much. She was ready to toss you to the garbage heap. [ Laughter ] James, who do you choose as your coach? [ Audience shouting "John" ] [ Laughs ] Oh, my God. Yeah! Yeah! James! [ Laughs ] Oh, my -- What are you doing?! What are you doing? Oh, my God. Yes! Please. This is so hard. [ Shouting continues ] ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 