The Voice: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Voice 
 s3e1 - Blind Auditions Premiere - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Voice (2011–…): Season 3, Episode 1 - Blind Auditions Premiere - full transcript 
 In the season premiere, the "blind auditions" are held in front of the celebrity panel of coaches including, Christina Aguilera, Adam Levine, CeeLo Green and Blake Shelton, who each hand pick vocalists for their individual teams. The strongest vocalists from across the country compete to be selected by one of the coaches and fight for a chance to win the title of being named "The Voice." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MUSIC: "Come Together" by The Beatles I know what it's like to have a dream. From a child I just hoped that I could be a singer. I had this daytime fantasy that I would become a singer. But I thought that everyone had this kind of fantasy. Singing into your hairbrush and all that kind of stuff I remember rapping in the mirror when I was 12 and 13. There was always one goal and it was never anything else but being in a band. You've got to have people to believe in you. That's why we are all here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 To find the voice and nurture it. ♪ Come together ♪ Right now... ♪ - WILL.I.AM: - There is no such thing as not making a dream happen. After all I get to sit next to Kylie. ♪ I should be so lucky... ♪ - MARVIN HUMES: - True pop royalty with 25 years at the top of the charts, 65 million records sold worldwide, a Grammy, three Ivor Novellos and OBE. Kylie is the queen of big mega pop artists. She is the wonder from down under. I think she will get a lot of attention from the boys. She's classy. She's sassy. She's sexy. And she's freaking jam-packed with talent. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ I think I'd better dance now... ♪ - EMMA WILLIS: - He went from the Welsh valleys to superstardom with a career spanning six decades and 100 million record sales. Sir Tom - snake hips himself. ♪ Sex bomb... ♪ He's the real deal. I wonder if he knows he's a legend. ♪ Mama told me not to come... ♪ He is a national treasure - a bit like Big Ben. ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey... ♪ ♪ Oh my God I can't believe it... ♪ - MARVIN HUMES: - As the frontman of British indie supergroup the Kaiser Chiefs, he created the soundtrack to a generation. Four smash hit albums, three Brits, and an Ivor Novello later, he was the pinball wizard closing the 2012 London Olympics. Ricky, he just commands the stage. He is a performer. He sells that to you. When you play at Glastonbury those people are there to get rocked. That's what Ricky brings. - EMMA: - Rapper, producer and all-round global megastar, he's notched up 31 million albums and also has seven Grammys and an Emmy to his name. I love to hear will.i.am talk. After two years I can now speak fluent will. He thinks outside the box. Not even near the top. RICKY WILSON: I'm fascinated by him. He does look like a time traveller and I'd love to visit his version of the future. I'm dope, I'm fresh, and I'm ready for him. - WILL.I.AM: - Season one was fun. Season two was cool. Season three is the bees' knees. One, two, three, four. MUSIC: "I predict A Riot by Kaiser Chiefs ♪ Ah, watching the people get lairy ♪ It's not very pretty I tell thee ♪ Walking through town is quite scary ♪ And not very sensible ♪ Oh-oh-oh BOTH: # La-la-la-la-la-la ♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh BOTH: # La-la-la-la-la-la MUSIC: "Can't Get You Out Of My Head" by Cathy Dennis and Rob Davis ♪ Every night ♪ Every day ♪ Just to be there in your arms ♪ La-la-la ♪ La-la-la-la-la ♪ La-la-la ♪ La-la-la-la-la ♪ La-la-la ♪ La-la-la-la-la ♪ La-la-la ♪ La-la ♪ I just can't get you out of my head ♪ Darling you're the only girl that I think about ♪ I just can't get you out of my head ♪ Boy it's more than I dare to think about RICKY: # Oh-oh-oh ALL: # La-la-la-la-la-la RICKY: # Oh-oh-oh ALL: # La-la-la-la-la-la ♪ Oh ♪ Ohhhh ♪ Whoa ♪ Whoa ♪ I predict a riot I predict a riot ♪ I predict a riot I predict a riot ♪ And if there's anybody left in here ♪ That doesn't want to be out there ALL: # I predict a riot ♪ I predict a riot ♪ What you say? ♪ I predict a riot I predict a riot ♪ Whoa! ♪ Yeah! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Please give it up for our four superstar coaches. Ricky Wilson. Sir Tom Jones. Kylie Minogue. And Mr will.i.am. OK it's time to get the Blind Auditions started. These chairs are so long. If I sat up properly I'd be like that. That's why it's got the step. Yes she's got a little platform now RICKY: I don't want a step. KYLIE: You want to be a guy. You don't want to have a ladies' step. But this is helpful for me. I'm quite comfy. I want one of those. Can I get one of those? LAUGHTER And first to face the new line-up is 31-year-old sales manager Lee Glasson from Coventry. Come on then, Lee. It's time to sell yourself. I work as a sales manager for a small insurance company. I run a small team of sales people. I work long hours. It can be quite tiring at times but generally it's a great company. They look after me and I have a good time at work. I don't want to be a sales manager for the rest of my life, but if my boss is watching and this doesn't go any further, then I'm quite happy to slip back into that role. Any opportunity that I get to see my whole family is brilliant. Especially living away from home. So, still a really tight bond even though you're in different parts of the country? - Yes. - I think it's made it tighter, the boys living away from home. Because you ain't got to pick up my dirty pants off the floor. Having three lads is not fun. I don't want the visual that I'm having right now. - What are you singing? - I don't want to give too much away. - No, don't give anything away. - OK. - Keep me in suspense. - There you go. And I'll be with your family watching. - Have you heard what he's going to do? - Yes. It made me cry. It made me cry. He laughed at me because I sat there and cried and then he listened and he started crying too. You can tell he's the baby of the family. I have decided I am going to have a go at one of the coach's songs. It's a massive risk that I'm taking. They might think that I've completely sabotaged it. I'm going to be singing one of Kylie's songs. - There he is. - Go on. - Come on. - Do you see nerves? - yes, I do. (This waiting is a killer.) Yes, I know. The anticipation. - FAMILY: He's concentrating. Go on. - You can do this. ♪ I just can't get you out of my head ♪ Oh your lovin' is all I think about ♪ I just can't get you out of my head ♪ And it's more than I dare to think about ♪ I just can't get you out of my head ♪ Ooh, your lovin' is all that I think about ♪ Every night... ♪ - Come on, Kylie. Come on. - Turn around. Turn around. ♪ Every day ♪ Just to be there ♪ In your arms ♪ Won't you stay? ♪ Won't you stay? ♪ Stay for ever and ever ♪ And ever ♪ La-la-la ♪ La-la-la-la-la ♪ La-la-la ♪ La-la-la-la-la ♪ La-la-la ♪ La-la-la-la-la... ♪ Come on, Kylie! ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Wow. Wow, wow, wow! KYLIE: Can't get you out of my head. Wow, wow, wow! There's a theme. LEE: How are you? KYLIE: I'm good. How are you? LEE: I'm good. My name is Lee Glasson. KYLIE: Hi, Lee. Lee: I'm from Hertfordshire originally. I now live in Coventry. I am an insurance manager. RICKY: The world needs them. KYLIE: Someone's got to keep things safe. So how did you arrive at the decision to perform Can't Get You Out Of My Head? LEE: I'm talking to Kylie Min-o-gue! What's going on?! LAUGHTER Your voice is really arresting. LEE: Thank you. It's kind of otherworldly. Kind of amazing, mysterious voice, but it does that thing that is the thing that we are waiting for. LEE: Thank you so much. Whatever happens thank you for that amazing rendition. LEE: Thank you. Yes. Well first of all I love what you did with that song. - Thank you. - To be quite honest with you it wasn't until quite a way through the song that I realised it was that song. That was half intentional. I wanted it to have a bit of mystery before it kicked in and you think, "That's how I know that song." - Your voice is great. - Thank you. - And it got me. And I love the way you sing. - Thank you. - And that's it. RICKY: Hey! Hi, Mr Wilson. That was incredible. You've got an amazing voice. I've never heard anything like that before. Song choice was great. Great song. We need you on this show. You're what this show is made for. LEE: Cheers. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE - How are you doing? - I'm good. How are you? - I'm actually blown away. This is careers, right? Say for example we weren't on this show and we were stranded on an island somewhere, all four of us. Who is the best fit for you creatively? The answer is quite obvious on who you should go with. AUDIENCE: Kylie! AUDIENCE: Kylie, Kylie, Kylie! KYLIE: They know, they know, they know. It's obvious. It's one of us four. I really don't know what to do and I'm not trying to milk it, people, I swear. I'm so stuck. SHOUTING FROM AUDIENCE I don't know. I'm so sorry. AUDIENCE: Kylie! Kylie! Kylie! Kylie! I'd give up now. I'd take you and take the rest of the week off. Have done. LEE: Amazing. AUDIENCE: Kylie! Kylie! Kylie! I think I am going to go with Kylie. Oh, my God. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Yes! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Oh, my God. - I got one. - You got one. RICKY: Well done. - First cab off the rank. - Wah-wah! - Yeah! I've got one on my team so I feel like I'm out of the stalls. I am beyond happy to have Lee. - Really proud of him. Extremely proud. - We're so proud of you. - You nailed it. - Group hug! - Yes! It's good, isn't it? It's good. The whole thing is good. I really enjoyed that. KYLIE: Oh, my God. To turn or not to turn. That is the question. MARVIN: Would you turn? Download The Voice app and you can be a home coach. ♪ This is the voice. ♪ Time for our next artist. Who are you? I'm Sue. I'm from Bristol and I sing in pubs and clubs. I've been gigging for over ten years. I love singing so much and that is where my daughter Christina gets it from. - MARVIN: - Sorry, rewind. Wrong member of the family. I'm Christina Marie. I'm 20 years old and I'm from Bristol. That's you when I was getting ready for a gig. That's me. My mum is, I believe, a really good singer and she could have taken it a lot further, but being a single mum and having to support myself and my younger sister on her own there was only so far she could go with it. Even at a young age you were singing with your hairbrush. I'm very proud of Christina, considering that she didn't have the best of childhoods. My mum is very supportive. The pub and club circuit was great for her. But she wants to see me go further. - Do you remember that? - Yes. She has always been there for me, but I think this is her time. I want her to live her dreams. She is amazing to me. I'm going to put everything into this performance today. I want to do this not only for myself, but my mum too as a sort of thank you for everything that she's done for me growing up and supporting me. - Are you all right? - Come on! ♪ Share my life ♪ Take me for what I am ♪ Cos I'll never change ♪ All my colours for you ♪ I don't really have to look very much further ♪ I don't want to have to go where you will follow ♪ I won't hold it back again ♪ This passion inside ♪ I can't run from myself ♪ There's nowhere to hide ♪ Don't make me close one more door ♪ I don't want to hurt any more... ♪ Come on! ♪ Stay in my arms if you dare ♪ Or must I imagine you there? ♪ Don't walk away from me ♪ Don't walk away from me ♪ Don't you dare walk away from me ♪ No because I have nothing ♪ Nothing ♪ If I don't have ♪ You ♪ Yeah. ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Yes! Three. KYLIE: Hi. I don't want to sit down. I am not sitting down. CHRISTINA: Thank you, Kylie. KYLIE: Shush, shush, shush! Don't look over there. How old are you? CHRISTINA: I'm 20 years old. KYLIE: 20. Awesome. I know what it's like being a 20-year-old girl. CHRISTINA: Yes, I can imagine. I can imagine. I don't know that. I know how this is going to play out because Ricky is already getting tricky and is going to try and dazzle you with the blue eyes. That was amazing. That was amazing. CHRISTINA: Thanks. KYLIE: So I'm going to let them have their say and then I'm going to come back. I didn't turn, not because you weren't amazing, but because you on one of these coach's teams is going to bring the best out of you. You've got to pick the right coach to push you. But I think you on the show is going to raise the bar on what people need to do. You were awesome. Tom, tell them what you've got. All right. Just listening to you sing, I think you could sing all kinds of songs which is great because I have all kinds of songs in my head and I would love to share them with you. I was really holding back, but I could not help myself. I had to press my button. Wow! CHEERING CHRISTINA: Hello, Ricky. KYLIE: See? RICKY: I'm just buying time because this is important. KYLIE: I know. RICKY: This is a big deal. I really need this. KYLIE: So do I. If you go with me I will dig deep, we will work hard and we will get there. CHRISTINA: Wow! RICKY: And you can do it. I would love to hear you sing again and again and again. KYLIE: And again, and again. And at the moment I'm not thinking about record sales, or technique, or playing at arenas at the moment. I'm still thinking about the voice I just heard and I'm thinking about the next time I'm going to hear it. CHRISTINA: Wow! Thank you. Thank you. Stop, Ricky, stop. KYLIE: So just to reiterate, I did turn first. What I would bring to it is a girl's perspective in a largely man's world. You're going to be in the final. No matter what. CHRISTINA: Oh, wow! I have no doubt about that. I think you can do anything. I'd love to be part of that journey with you. Thank you so much, Kylie. Thank you. - I guess it's decision time. - Quick decision before she decides. She should go with Tom, but I think she will go with Kylie. I think Kylie. This is so hard because I just... AUDIENCE: Kylie! Kylie! Kylie! Kylie! OK. OK. Thank you for listening. But... I just wanted somebody to turn around and I can't believe that three of you have. So I guess I just have to go with my gut really. And I think I'm going to go with Ricky. RICKY: All right. Well done. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Good job. Ricky is one very happy guy right now. He is like the cat that got the cream. I can't do that... ..any more. It's quite satisfying beating the superstars on my right. Team Ricky has its first artist meaning the two new coaches have hit the ground running with one act each for their teams of 12. - Congratulations. - KYLIE: Well done. I know Kylie and I know Ricky. These two people are fresh. Sorry. Fresh. That's OK, you can borrow it. MARVIN: And it's time to welcome our next artist who's come with their own tiny team of one. - Danielle, welcome to The Voice. - Hello. - Lovely to see you. - Lovely to meet you. - This must be your little sister. - No. This is my daughter Anaya. She is six. - Say hello. - Hi. - Hi. How are you? - I'm fine. - You look very pretty today. Thank you. Having Anaya was the best thing that's ever happened to me and she has motivated me to become the person that I am today. We are team. Singing is like something I would do on the side. I don't gig or anything, but just something I always make time for which is why I'm here. - Are you a singer as well? - No. I'm an artist! - You're an artist! - What type of artist? - A ballet dancer. - A ballet dancer. OK, cool. Anaya's a little madam - would be a good way to describe her. - Marlin... - Marlin? Marvin! - Marvin, can I ask you a question? - Yes, you can. Have you met Peter Andre? - I have met Peter Andre. Many times. - I've met him. - Have you? - Princess parade. - OK. And it's exciting to meet Marvin today isn't it? Yeah. - Are you a fan...? - On my second celebrity meeting. Your second celebrity meeting. Wow. To be going from just an ordinary mum, doing the school run, going to work, to now having the opportunity to be singing in front of the four coaches. There's so many things that I'd like to be able to give my daughter that I can't. This could be the start of a very exciting journey. I'm feeling 1,001 emotions. A bit nervous, a bit anxious, you've got that adrenaline pumping. - MARVIN: - How do you think she's feeling? Do you think she's nervous? - Mm-hm. ♪ Whoa ♪ L is for the way you look at me ♪ O is for the only one that I see ♪ V is very, very extraordinary ♪ E is even more than anyone that you adore ♪ And love is all that I can give to you ♪ Love is more than just a game for two... ♪ Just push the button right now, guys. ♪ Take my heart and please don't break it ♪ Love was made for me and you ♪ L is for the way you look at me ♪ O is for the only one I see... ♪ - Push the button. - Push, push, push. ♪ V is very, very extraordinary... ♪ - Kylie, yes! Come on, will! - Come on! ♪ La-la-la-la Love was made for me and you ♪ Ooh Love was made for me and you. ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Sweet niblets! - How are you? What's your name? - My name is Danielle. I'm 25 years old. - Where are you from? - I live in Wembley. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE You have a great voice. I think maybe you're nervous or something. - Yes. - Yes It happens to a lot of us. Yes, yes, to be honest I'm so grateful to be here and to stand here in front of you and to sing to you today. It's such an blessing, so thank you. Danielle... Unfortunately nerves are a reality and nerves can be good, it becomes adrenaline and you can do things that you didn't even know you could do sometimes. But fear can crush you and... I don't think you were crushed by the way. DANIELLE: Yes. KYLIE: So I don't mean to come across that way, but maybe just a bit wobbly. And it happens to all of us. DANIELLE: I literally felt fine up to that moment and then... - This is like the biggest thing I've ever, ever done. - This is pretty big. - It's very big. APPLAUSE - DANIELLE: Hi. - Hi, how are you, love? - DANIELLE: I'm good, thank you. - Nice to see you. Thank you. To try and make a song like that into a soul song - I don't think Aretha Franklin could do it. That song is a sort of a jolly song. To attempt that I think is very brave. Thank you very much. Hiya. DANIELLE: Hello. Hi, Ricky. RICKY: The nerves thing, they can become a real problem to the point where you won't do something because you don't enjoy the feeling of being nervous and so if you can get over that then I'd like to see you, I'd like to hear you and then see you again. Thank you. I came here today with my daughter. She's going to cry. I really want to make her proud. She said can she please come and see you guys? That would mean a lot. Yeah. - ANAYA: - I don't know how to go on the stage. - Shall I take you? - OK. - Come on, let's go. Be back in a minute. - WILL.I.AM: - How old is she? - She's six. - MARVIN: - You should say, "Kylie, why didn't you turn around for Mummy?" - What do you think? - How do you get to stay on TV? I think you should ask her. - WILL.I.AM: - What's your daughter's name? - Anaya. - Anaya. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Anaya, take the mic. There's your mummy. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE - Hi, Anaya. - Hi. AUDIENCE: Aw! - Your mum said you'd know how to sing. - Mm-hm. - You do? - Yes. - I like those boots. - ANAYA: - Thank you. - TOM JONES: - Can she sing? Is she allowed to sing? - Do you want to sing a little song? - No. - A bit shy. I mostly want to draw. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Can she come and say hello? Shall I take you down? Hi, Anaya. AUDIENCE: Aw! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Can I spin it back around? Hit the button. LAUGHTER You're supposed to be in that chair! KYLIE: I'm going this way, that way, every way. - DANIELLE: Are you ready? - Hit the button. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Thank you. - Bye, Anaya. - Thank you very much. It was lovely to meet you. Thank you so much. Thank you all. - TOM JONES: - All right, love? Lovely to see you. - Thank you. - There you go. OK, if you were going to sing a song which one would you have sung? - ANAYA: - I don't really know. - You don't have a favourite? - What about nursery rhymes at school? - They're too babyish. - Too babyish. You'd rather sing will.i.am's song I'm sure ♪ My baby shot me down again. ♪ All right. You take care. - Bye-bye, love. - Goodbye. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE She's skipping away. Too cute. - Cute. - Cute. - How was that? - Cool. - You got to hug everybody. - Mm hm. Probably the only person smaller than me that's ever going to sit in the chair. 17-year-old music student Anna McLuckie has a first for The Voice. A stringed secret weapon. People always associate harps with, like, cherubs and little girls being like, "Ha!" So I kind of want to make it more current. - And then you can just pull it. - Like, outwards? Yeah, towards your hand. But it all went at different times, didn't it? It went "du-du-du-dun" rather than "dun"! I've got quite a subtle voice. I know quite a lot of people who go on The Voice have, like, big, Christina Aguilera, like... ♪ Ha-a-ah! ♪ I don't really have anything like that. It's more folky. But I hope that gives me something, like, original. - Yeah, that was better. - I did it! Ultimately, it is a vocal competition so, hopefully, my voice stands out over the harp. Er, I'm quite nervous but I've been told that if I, like, picture my butterflies, like, flying out of my stomach, then I'll calm down, so I'll try that. It's pretty crazy thinking that I would be able to be mentored by these people at 17. Like, they've had, like, a life's experience in the music industry so it would be amazing. THEY CHEER SHE STRUMS HARP ♪ The legend of the phoenix... ♪ APPLAUSE ♪ All ends with beginnings... ♪ - Wow! - Yes! Come on! APPLAUSE ♪ What keeps a planet spinning... ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE ♪ Is the force of love beginning ♪ We've come too far ♪ To give up ♪ Who we are ♪ So let's raise the bar... ♪ I've got goosebumps! ♪ And our cups to the stars ♪ Oh ♪ She's up all night till the sun ♪ I'm up all night to get some ♪ She's up all night for good fun ♪ I'm up all night to get lucky ♪ I'm up all night till the sun ♪ I'm up all night to get some ♪ I'm up all night for good fun ♪ I'm up all night to get lucky ♪ I'm up all night to get lucky ♪ I'm up all night to get lucky ♪ I'm up all night ♪ I'm up all night ♪ We've come too far ♪ To give up who we are... ♪ She's incredible. ♪ So let's raise the bar ♪ And our cups to the stars ♪ Oh ♪ She's up all night till the sun ♪ I'm up all night to get some ♪ I'm up all night for good fun ♪ I'm up all night to get lucky ♪ I'm up all night till the sun ♪ I'm up all night to get some ♪ I'm up all night for good fun ♪ I'm up all night. ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Hello! Hi. I'm Anna McLuckie and I'm from Edinburgh. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE - Well, that was beautiful. - Thank you. - Really. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE I'm not knocking the original or anything, but that was a thousand times better. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE It was just that I couldn't add anything to it. That's all. But it was lovely. That was absolutely beautiful and the reason I didn't turn is because... Puppy Dog Eyes over there was a goner. And then Puppy Dog Eyes Number Two turned around. So there's a thing in not turning and knowing that you're safe with someone else. And if you want, just, girl chat, come to my dressing room. Cheers! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Er, I waited till the very last minute to turn cos I was thinking, like, "Should I turn? "Cos she's probably going to go with Ricky." But you know what? I don't mind losing, trying to win you. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE I would, you know, coach you through a whole bunch of song selections, out of your comfort zone. So... So that when you're up there in the Battles, you shine, even when it's not your... You know, your comfort. APPLAUSE OK. Thank you. - Hiya. ANNA: - Hello. - Hi. The song choice was great but you could have been singing the Tetris theme and I would have been shaking, still. Er, it was... I had to turn around. I couldn't... And then I was transfixed. I couldn't even smile. I didn't know what to do with myself. Er, I think you can bring beauty to anything. Like, Ace Of Spades or something like that. You could just make it into something so beautiful, people would forget the original and they would just be taken away to a different place, just like I was then. Yeah, I'd love you on my team. Thank you. APPLAUSE - She has to make up her mind. - I think it was Will.i.am before she came on. I think now she's thinking Ricky. I'll fight for you if you are on my team. I will fight for you right now. CHEERING OK, I'll be the girl that walks around going, "Round two!" Whoo! - Come on, Anna. - Go on, Anna. Woo-hoo! AUDIENCE CHANTS COACHES' NAMES I think I'm going to go with... ..er... ..Will. Thank you. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Sorry! Oh, Ricky's devastated! I am sorry. Thank you. APPLAUSE DROWNS SPEECH THEY SQUEAL EXCITEDLY - Oh, what a shame. She was really good. - She was amazing. Team Will has started. I don't like "begun", cos I don't like pistols. HE CLEARS THROAT RIPPLE OF LAUGHTER That was bad. I just thought that Will could... For me, like, production-wise and choosing songs and doing things a bit different, I thought maybe he'd have some good ideas. - Well done. - Thank you. - Absolutely amazing. - HE RAPS: - Anna with the harp She was singing and she broke my heart Fixed it again when she start singing Got on the drums and I started swinging. - I think Will did that just to - BLEEP - me off. ♪ I'm glad that she's on my team ♪ Aw, shucks, we gonna win it ♪ Right when she starts playing It begin it. ♪ Is that Will on the drums? ♪ Like a angel when she's singing ♪ Like a angel when she's straight singing. What? ♪ I'm so glad she's on my team. Really, she's dope. She's dope. WILL'S DRUMBEAT CONTINUES Hey. Hey. - MARVIN: - And also hoping to make a big impression with our coaches is our next act, all the way from Wales. My name is Tara Lewis. I am 44 and recently, I've started a new job. MUSIC: "Back In Black" by AC/DC Oh, Mum, you look fantastic. I know. I feels it. I'm a Nessa impersonator, from Gavin & Stacey. Nessa's all right. Tidy. Paul, three bag of chips. Don't mess with Ness. Be a bit quicker, all right? I don't like waiting. Once I dress up as Nessa, I get a great reaction and I can get away with anything. Crackin'! - WELSH ACCENT: - It's tidy, that, innit? - "Tid-EE." - "Tid-EE." - You're getting there. - Getting there. - Slowly. - Slowly. From the valleys. The Nessa isn't going to last for ever. My dream would be to be taken seriously for my singing. I am absolutely petrified about going out on that stage as me. You can do it. Come on. Come on, Tara! SHE SIGHS SHE SIGHS SHE CLEARS THROAT One, two, three, four. BAND PLAYS INTRO ♪ What I want you got but it might be hard to handle ♪ Like a flame that burns the candle ♪ The candle feeds the flame ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ What I got, a full stock ♪ Of thoughts and dreams that scatter ♪ But when you pull them together ♪ And how I can't explain... ♪ THEY SHOUT ENCOURAGINGLY ♪ Well, well, you ♪ You ♪ You make my dreams come true ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ Oh-oh ♪ At night when bad dreams become a screamer ♪ When they're messing with a dreamer ♪ I can laugh it in the face ♪ Oh, twist and shout my way out ♪ And wrap yourself around me ♪ Cos I ain't the way you found me ♪ And I'll never be the same ♪ Oh, you ♪ You-ooh-ooh ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ Whoa-oh... ♪ Tom, come on! ♪ Oh, oh, oh, you make my dreams come ♪ True. ♪ APPLAUSE Man! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Hello, love. - AS NESSA: All right, Tom? - Very good. I'm all right. - Are you all right? - What's occurring? LAUGHTER - Where are you from, then? - Tonyrefail in South Wales. Tonyrefail - I thought so. - As soon as you said, "All right, Tom?" - I know. - You sou... - HE CHUCKLES You sound like Ruth Jones, you know, on the... - Gavin & Stacey. - Tidy. So, anyway...what's occurring? I'm not going to lie to you, Tom. I feels emotional. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE - I tell you what - I was almost there. - Oh, Tom, come on! I'm telling you. I'm being quite honest with you. - He was. He was almost there. He was. - I should have done it. - You should have done. - I know. I'm sorry about that. - I feels your pain. - No, because you did everything right. - Thank you, Tom. You've got a great tone and the falsetto was as strong as your full voice. - You did the whole thing and... - Thank you. - And I'm sorry I didn't. Oh, thanks ever so much. Oh, thank you. APPLAUSE And the band was playing great, by the way. They have been consistently brilliant. APPLAUSE Vocally, you can do anything. It's just, what it couldn't do was, like, make me do that. And that must have been something... that didn't connect with me. - Yeah. AUDIENCE: - Aww! She's smiling at you. I'm just looking at Tom the whole time. I can't take my eyes off you! Think I'm in there! - Let's do it, Tom! - All right, then. - I'll give you the best night of your life! - Wow! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Hey, what's up? I thought you were really fresh but I didn't turn around because I was hoping Tom turned around, because I thought... I knew straight from when you were singing that you were probably from Wales. - OK. - And what's wrong with that, Will? - That was a lie, that was a lie. - You know what she said? - What? - "What's wrong with that, Will?" - There's nothing wrong with that. I just know there's no competition if, you know, the king of Wales was pitching against us. You... - You can't even take your eyes off him anyway. - I know. - Can you blame me? - If I'd turned around and he'd turn around, - you would've went with Tom and you know it. - Oh, yeah, yeah. MUSIC: "Give A Little Love" by Tom Jones KYLIE: We're all coming at you! RICKY: I'll come in on this one and then you can save the best till last. - Now you get to Tom. - Oh, my God! KYLIE: Now the big one. - Oh! - Oh! - Thank you, Tom, so much. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE - It was lovely to see you. - And you. Great sense of humour. - And she can sing. - Both national traits. - Yes. Don't cry! - Good boy. You're so amazing. - I had a fab time. It was brilliant. I touched Tom Jones! It was Tom Jones. It was Tom, sitting in front of me. I didn't see anyone else. That's quite rude really, innit? But I didn't. ♪ Give a little love! ♪ My name's Ryan Green. I'm 16 years old, I'm from Essex and I'm a music student. I live at home with my mum, my dad and my 13-year-old sister Lauren. Right, then, let's eat, everybody. We are probably as close as you can get as a family. Couldn't get any closer. I love them all very much. I think it's mainly cos we share the love of music. I think it brings us closer together. He chose to play the piano at ten. - He'll try any instrument. - I cry when I hear Ryan sing. - He touches my soul. - Agree with that one, definitely, yeah. As well as my music, I've got a massive love for football. When I was about nine years old, I started playing for a Sunday League team. I went to Tottenham for one season and then I ended up at Leyton Orient. So I was right on the route to a professional footballer. At 14, I had to make a, sort of, career choice. And I just felt that music was the right way to go for me, cos when I sing it's like I'm in my own little world. As much as I love my football, music is my heart. Today I want to prove that I made the right decision. It's really nice knowing I've got my family backstage to support me. If I get a chair turn, it'll be a way of thanking them for all they've done for my music so far. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE - Go on, Ryan! - Go on, Ryan! One, two, three, four. RYAN PLAYS INTRO ♪ I don't know where you come from... ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE ♪ But you're everywhere I go - # I don't know why you chose me... # - Yes! Come on! ♪ But as long as you're here ♪ I don't need to know ♪ If it weren't for you, how could I confess ♪ All the things I don't know how else to express? ♪ Starting in my chest ♪ Come flying out of my mouth ♪ You are my freedom - # Whenever I need some... # - Go on. Really sing it. Come on. ♪ So don't go ♪ Don't leave ♪ Please stay ♪ With me ♪ Cos you are the only thing I need ♪ To get by ♪ To get by... ♪ - Go on, Ryan. - Come on, push a button! ♪ Don't leave me now ♪ Don't go leave me ♪ So please don't go ♪ Don't leave ♪ Please stay with me ♪ Cos you are the only thing I need ♪ To get by ♪ To get by. ♪ EMMA AND RYAN'S SUPPORTERS GROAN Don't worry. It's all right, Ryan. You were brilliant. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE KYLIE: Hi. Hi. My name's Ryan, er, Green. I play the piano and sing. I'm 16 and I'm from Essex. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Er... There's a reason why I didn't turn. I didn't know you were playing the piano but now I feel like an idiot. You play the piano AND you sing, AND you're 16? We all made a mistake. Thank you. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE I'm really mad at myself. - Can't we turn back time? - If we could... CHEERING But you are 16 and you clearly have this talent. Don't listen to any of us. You do what you're doing. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Er... To me, it felt a bit safe. But it was good, though, and you sound like a recording artist already. - You sound like you could make a hit record. - Thank you. - And good luck to you. - Oh, Ryan! Right, I think what you should do is take, like, the anger of us not turning round and put it into, you know, your singing, to give it more of an edge. It doesn't matter you're singing someone else's song - you've got to tell that story, get it across. Maybe some of that was missing, so we didn't instantly go for it. It was really great but it didn't make me turn my chair. That's all I can say. Sorry about that. Thank you. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE And also, we shouldn't get all moony about the fact that you're 16 and really young because that's a positive thing for you. You know, it's not like, "Oh, he's only 16." It's, "He's 16!" You've got a lot more time ahead of you than any of us. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Oh, Ryan, you're brilliant, Ryan. Don't worry. Thank you so much. Thank you. It was a pleasure meeting you. - You OK? - Yeah. - Thank you. - You stick with it. Don't get disappointed. - No, I won't. Believe me. Cos I can hear what you do and it's great. - Thank you very much. - Good luck to you. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE ♪ My salvation ♪ My, my. ♪ - 16. - I know. Imagine myself at that age. Ryan! We love you. It was fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. I know you're gutted but it's only the start. There's moments where I think the four of us are just, "We are idiots! Wh-Why did no-one press?" I still feel bad just talking about it. It's awful. We are a bunch of weirdos for not picking and turning for him. That guy is just a diamond in the rough and he's already gleaming. You'll always be the best with us, darling. Don't you worry. He's got time on his side. He's only 16 years old. He can play and, er, I liked him. I envy the acts on The Voice, cos they've got the most amazing experiences to come. - MARVIN: - And hoping today will prove to be an amazing experience for her, it's 16-year-old Yorkshire lass Beth McCarthy. The driving force behind my music is my dad. He's, like, my biggest fan and my roadie. He carries my guitar everywhere. And he's just really, really great. Beth often plays in pubs and it's quite a tough crowd, sometimes. They're not in there necessarily to listen to the music - - they're having their drinks, having a chat. - I get quite a few comments. It's always that they don't think I'm going to be mature enough to handle it, or, er, good. And then she'll start belting out her first song and straightaway the glasses go down, the heads turn. She has the audience then, straight from the start. Coming on to The Voice kind of gives me a chance to perform and be myself without the pre-judgement of my age. The thought of going out on to a totally silent stage is quite daunting. Like, just little old me stood still in the middle of it all. - Oh, look at her, look at her, look at her! - Come on, Beth! Yeah, she's a bit nervous. She's a little bit nervous. Sit up. SHE PLAYS INTRO ♪ When I walk on by ♪ Boys be looking like, "Damn, she's fly" ♪ Pimp to the beat ♪ Walking down the street in my new lafreak, yeah ♪ This is how I roll ♪ Animal print pants out of control ♪ Redfoo with the big Afro ♪ And like Bruce Lee, I got the glow ♪ Ooh, oh, boy, look at that body ♪ Ooh, oh, boy, look at that body ♪ Ooh, oh, boy, look at that body ♪ I-I-I work out ♪ When I walk in the spot ♪ This is what I see ♪ Everybody stops and stares at me... ♪ Come on! ♪ I've got passion ♪ And I ain't afraid to show it, show it, show it ♪ Oh, oh ♪ I'm sexy and I know it ♪ Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle... ♪ THEY CHEER ♪ Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah ♪ Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah-eah-yeah ♪ Yay-ay, ya-a-ay ♪ When I walk in the spot ♪ This is what I see ♪ Everybody stopping and staring at me - # I got passion... # - Come on, Tom! ♪ And I ain't afraid to show it, show it, show it, show it ♪ Hey, I'm sexy and I know it. ♪ THEY CHEER CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Thank you. APPLAUSE DROWNS SPEECH Thanks. Hiya. Hi! I'm Beth McCarthy, hi. KYLIE: Where are you from, Beth? - I'm from York and I'm 16. - Oh, York! CHEERING Hold up, wait a minute - you're 16? BETH: Yeah. That was amazing. How long have you been singing for? - - I started gigging when I was 13. - What?! - Gigging?! Yeah. AUDIENCE LAUGHS Where?! - In pubs and clubs and stuff. - Pubs?! LAUGHTER - Who's your roadie? - My dad. KYLIE: I thought it might be your dad. My dad carries my guitar everywhere. But I love him cos he's, like, my best mate as well. AUDIENCE: Aww! KYLIE: That was amazing. - Thanks. KYLIE: I loved the interpretation of that song. Thanks. KYLIE: Rick is gone. Look at him. He's just like... "I'm just thinking what I'm going to say to you." - Yorkshire-bred. - Yeah. Oh, no! LAUGHTER I think being 16 is an advantage, especially when you're that good - because you sound experienced. - She's been gigging since she was 13, Tom! Well, there you go. So, that's amazing. APPLAUSE Thanks. BETH: You have a really cool voice. It's true, Tom, speaking, talking, even coughing, you sound cool. - Oh, really? - Yeah. BETH: You know, when he talks, he sounds a bit like God. LAUGHTER Can you imagine, though, if God was talking, you'd be the voice. - LAUGHTER - Wow. - Hi. - Hiya - How are you doing? - All right, thanks, how are you? - I'm alreet, yeah. - Good. We do have something else in common, though. RICKY: Really? I was looking at your Twitter. I was looking down your comments and you were like, "There's a knack to my toilet flush." I have a knack to my toilet flush as well. LAUGHTER RICKY: What's your knack? It's like, you have to... You have to push it, but, like, just with the right amount of force. You have to kind of... Then slowly and then you'd do it. RICKY: Yeah. Mine's one... - Like this. - Yours is one massive..? Ah, yeah. APPLAUSE That's crazy. Kylie, have you got a toilet? No. RICKY: No, she doesn't, you see. - I got toilets. - BETH: Do you? How about flushing them? Automatic flushes. All you got to do is get up and it flushes on its own. We don't all live in space! - With Toto toilets! - We're real! Those toilets are real too. Real expensive! - No. - LAUGHTER - Actually, they're not that expensive. - Oh. So... This isn't going where I wanted it to go. CHEERING Now, it was amazing. I'm not going to make a big deal about the fact you're 16. Apart from the fact that I don't think I was even allowed on the train into Leeds when I was 16. I'm not going to make a big deal about the fact that you're from York, which, obviously, we can relate to, cos that's just cheating. You've never been in a soap opera, right? No. LAUGHTER What I am going to say is that I feel I'm the closest to you artistically than anyone else here and I bet you make your own flyers and I bet you sell your own tickets and I know you don't carry around a guitar, but I can understand that and you're through, whatever happens, and it's going to be amazing and I look forward to hearing you sing again. I look forward to hearing you again when we've chosen that song together. Told you he's got moves! Just be careful. Going with Ricky or Kylie, whatever it is, she had to work hard, so the whole concept of, "Oh, I had to make my own flyers, "we did that old stuff." She was privileged to enter, but to sustain it - It's even harder than coming from the bottom, so this whole notion of pop or working hard - - it's hard no matter what it is. - That's true. - So whoever you pick, it's going to be hard, and you've got to give 1,000%. CHEERING FAMILY: They're lovely. All right, cool. Ricky! OK, OK, OK. AUDIENCE CHANTS: Ricky! Ricky! Ricky! BETH: Right, yeah. Cool, thank you so much, cos, like, you're a girl and you're amazing and you're a bit like me, but male. LAUGHTER Erm... I think... AUDIENCE CHANTS: Ricky! Ricky! ..that I'll go Ricky. CHEERING RICKY: Hi. - How are you doing? - All right, thank you. The song was amazing. That blew me away. You blew us away with your personality as well. FAMILY: Aww! You have everything you need to become a star. Honestly, you've got the whole thing and you're with a great man here, so don't worry about a thing. - Thank you. - All right, lass? APPLAUSE You're coming with me? Yay! RICKY: I've got to come back, but mind your guitar. Your dad would kill me if I ruined that. Ricky's really good at finding a way to relate to the contestants. That's why I'm here, because I understand it a little bit more. This is their opportunity and they've got to take it. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE KYLIE: Did he leave you hanging? RICKY: Did I leave you hanging? Whoa! LAUGHTER That's never happened. KYLIE: Well done. I was too excited, sorry. THEY SHRIEK AND WHOOP - How are you feeling? - Absolutely as proud as any man has ever felt. It's just unbelievable. The grin on his face the whole time watching you was just... - It was just so lovely. - Oh, wow. Ricky is doing fantastically well. He's got two completely different and completely amazing girls. That's two down. Ten to go. I'm going to catch up to him. I am. Who hasn't got one yet? - Me! - AUDIENCE: Aww! Aww! KYLIE: Oh! - Well... - LAUGHTER For 54-year-old Sally Barker from Leicester, singing is important on more than one level. Through music I think I express far more about who I am and what I feel than when I'm face to face with somebody else. That's a little more difficult for me. I've been a singer and musician for the last 30-odd years and it's not an easy profession. You don't make a lot of money unless you hit the big time. For a period of about 15 years, I was quite successful and I toured quite a lot. I was asked to do supports for various famous acts. Among those was Bob Dylan and Robert Plant. It was very exciting. It was... And it was such a long time ago, I can't really remember! Hmm... Then I had kids and things slowed down because you can't go off and tour for weeks on end when you've got kids. When the kids were very small, my husband became ill with cancer... ..so that made my life take on quite a different turn. I was 42 when my husband died. MUSIC: "Another Love" by Tom Odell ♪ I want to cry and I want to love ♪ But all my tears have been used up... ♪ It was quite a young age to be a widow... ..with two small kids, but we've survived. I did try to keep singing and to keep gigging, but it's quite difficult because you have to think about the kids and what their needs are and it did pretty much go on to the back burner. ♪ And my tears have been used all up ♪ I guess I'm at The Voice because I want to pursue music again. It's all I've ever wanted to do. It's all I want to do. ♪ Baby, you understand me now... ♪ Beautiful. Come on, Sal. ♪ If sometimes you see I'm mad ♪ No-one alive can always be an angel ♪ When things go wrong ♪ You see some bad ♪ But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good ♪ Oh, Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood ♪ Sometimes I'm so carefree ♪ With a joy that's hard to hide ♪ Sometimes all I have is worry ♪ And you're bound to see my other side ♪ I'm just a soul whose intentions are good ♪ Oh, Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood... ♪ I think so THEY SHOUT ENCOURAGEMENT ♪ Oh, but I'm just a soul whose intentions are good ♪ Oh, Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood ♪ Go, push. AUDIENCE ROARS FAMILY: Yes! Yes! Well done, mate, well done. RICKY: Hello. SALLY: Hi, there. What's your name? - I'm Sally. - How long have you been singing for? I've been singing for over 30 years. About 35 years, I would say. In front of people. RICKY: In front of people? Not in front of the back of four chairs, though. I have sung in front of... Well, I've supported major stars like Bob Dylan, Robert Plant. I've sung in front of 15,000 people. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE So in some respects, I've paid my dues. I think, perhaps, I thought that my time had gone. RICKY: That was lovely, Sally. - It was really, really nice. - Thank you. I was listening to it. It just felt like you had so much experience and you're putting it all into the song. It was really like you were singing it from the heart. You went for it and I'm glad you did. APPLAUSE First off, I have to say you sound amazing. - Angelic. - Thank you. APPLAUSE Tom? You on Tom's team is like a match made in heaven and I'm so happy you're part of the show. Thank you. WHOOPING AND APPLAUSE - Hi. - Hi, Kylie. - That was so moving. Thank you. Thank you very much. And the excitement that I feel when I feel like I'm matched with the right person, I'm feeling that excitement for Tom right now. - Yeah. - I think the three of us instinctively knew you, as this beautiful dove of a voice, have to fly that way. APPLAUSE Well, first of all, um, for me... Let me see. It was just full of emotion. - It was so beautiful... - Thank you. ..that I couldn't help myself. APPLAUSE And, um, you sang so beautiful... - Thank you. - ..that it got to me. You swept me off my feet. - Well, off my chair, whichever way I'm going to put it. - Thank you. APPLAUSE You have the most beautiful voice that has been on this show so far. - Thank you. - And that's a fact. - That's praise indeed. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE So, unless you have something else to say, you're with me and we're going to be great together, believe me. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Thank you very much. - Watch your step, love. - Thank you very much. - May I hug you? - Of course you can. Oh, thank you. That was beautiful. - You have a really, really beautiful voice. - Thank you so much. Unbelievable. - Be careful of this. - I've got more steps? - Yeah, yeah, be careful there. - Thank you. - OK? SCREAMING AND CHEERING KYLIE: That's special. - That's changed the whole energy here. - Yeah. - Don't you feel, like, spiritual or mystical? - Yeah, she got me. - She got you good and proper. - Wow. - Ah. - Frightening. - Something. - I mean, good frightening. - Yeah. - RICKY: I really loved that. - Phew. Some artists are new to music. Others have already made their mark. Millions know Leo Ihenacho's voice, but will our four coaches want to hear more? - Leo, how's it going, man? - How's it going, mate? - Good to see you. - You too, man. - You look familiar. - Where do I know you from? - Crimewatch. HE LAUGHS That's right! 'In my early 20s, I joined a band called The Streets 'and it was such an exciting fun time.' ♪ Dry your eyes, mate ♪ I know it's hard to take but her mind has been made up. ♪ You must have had the best time over the years? Oh, I mean, it was actually one of the best times of my life. What a great experience. We welcome The Streets! APPLAUSE 'Did Jools Holland. Had a number one album, performed at the Brit Awards. 'We pretty much toured everywhere. 'I left the band. I just felt that I was the sidekick of The Streets.' I don't want to be Robin any more. I want to be Batman. ♪ Batman. ♪ Can you superimpose a cape or something like that, a mask? You're not going to put that on there that I said Batman, are you? ♪ Has it come to this? ♪ Right now, like, I'm single. I cook. I can make a mean bread-and-butter pudding with brandy custard. I've got two Chihuahuas. Not really rock'n'roll, this, is it? I'm supposed to be cool here. That's why I wore this suit, you know. I'm trying to be like you. Listen, you've already stepped it up a level. No, no, I heard that you were doing this and I had to step up. - I feel under-dressed. You've got the tux on and everything. - Come on now. - If they turn round you can have the suit. - Wicked. You heard that. 'I think some people might be surprised I'm on this show 'but, like I've always said, you know, who cares?' HE LAUGHS Doing a show like The Voice is a fantastic opportunity for me to showcase, you know, myself as a singer-songwriter, rather than that guy from The Streets. Stepping out by myself on stage is going to be quite a lonely affair. It's going to be me, my footsteps, my heartbeat and a microphone dead on. I think I'm ready. MUSIC STARTS ♪ Holdin' back the years APPLAUSE ♪ Thinkin' bout the feeling I've had so long ♪ When somebody hears ♪ Listen to the fear that's gone ♪ I-I-I've ♪ I've wasted all my tears ♪ I've wasted all those years ♪ Cos nothin' feels the same way, baby ♪ Cos nothin' ever will. ♪ THEY SHOUT FALSETTO RIFF ♪ I'll keep holdin' on ♪ I'll keep holdin' on, yes ♪ I'll keep on ♪ Holdin' on ♪ Holdin' ♪ Holdin', holdin' on ♪ Holdin' on, yeah, yeah ♪ Oh no ♪ Holdin' back to you, baby ♪ I've got to tell you somethin' ♪ I'm holdin' back for your love, baby ♪ Just tweet me back ♪ Please ♪ I'm holdin' back. ♪ THEY CHEER Tom as well! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE - KYLIE: - Whoo! Yeah! - Wow! - Yeah. KYLIE SCREAMS - OK. - Wait a minute. - Could I ask you what your name is? - My name's Leo. I don't care what his name is, OK?! LAUGHTER I want to know his name... Sorry, ignore me. I'm just going to be right back here. When it's my turn I'm going to reappear. I need to compose myself. APPLAUSE - Leo. - Yes, sir. LAUGHTER I've got to know your name because I've got to tell you how great you are. - RICKY: - I'm going to say something first. How long you been singing? Mate, since I was like that. Yeah, I've been singing for a while. - I used to be in a band thing, in a band, yeah. - What was the band? - The Streets. - OK. - WILL: - You were in The Streets with Mike Skinner? - I like that. - OK, cool, yeah. - This is just me just trying to come out as myself, as Leo. - Yeah. - And using this show to get that platform? - Yeah, definitely. - It's a great opportunity for me. - Well, that just happened. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE - WILL: - Where you from, Leo? - I'm from London. South London. CHEERING - You sound like a professional singer. - Oh, thank you so much. - I appreciate that. - Being as strong in falsetto as you are in full voice, - you know, that's great. - Thank you so much, coming from... Wow! No, that's a great thing. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE So... And another thing is, you wouldn't only be an asset to my team, you would be the only male so far which I think is an advantage. - You know what I mean? - That is an advantage. - Definitely is. LAUGHTER So, singing the way you sing, and coming on my team, which I hope you will do, would be a great thing. - We could do duets together, you know. - Duets! - We could smash it. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's what I think. - Oh, go ahead. - Sorry. LAUGHTER - Hi. - Hello. Now then... that's the first time I've had to hide for a start. I'm actually blushing right now. Listen, I know what that feels like, you know what I'm saying? - We have to say I'm blushing... - Blushing, yeah. - ..or else you ain't going to tell. - Cos no-one would know, right? LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE We have to verbalise it. You guys just blush. LAUGHTER Well, I could be blushing but... WILL SNORTS It's hard for me... It's going to be hard for me to compete with Sir Tom, but all I can say is that we would have a good time together. AUDIENCE WHOOPS - I don't mean... I'm not... - I knew the suit would work! The suit is... You look... It's a bonus that this is the package. - Thank you. - I didn't know that, the other... OK, shut up, Minogue. Just shut up. LAUGHTER You sound amazing. You bring... You've just dazzled me with the voice alone than the rest. LAUGHTER But it could be interesting. That's all I can say. It could be interesting. APPLAUSE AUDIENCE SHOUTS Go on, Tom. You've got beauty and the beast here. LAUGHTER I sang with Bono. I sang with Nick Cave. I sang with Robbie Williams. Elton John. This is a BAD move. Perhaps a bit of name-dropping but it's the first time I've name-dropped this series. - Drop the name, drop it! - Drop it, drop it, drop it! The longer you're on the show, the more names will come out, believe me. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE OK. All right. AUDIENCE CHANTS: Kylie! Kylie! Kylie! THEY CHANT: Kylie! Kylie! Kylie! OK, um, I've made a decision. Very, very rare. Extremely tough one. Er... Sir Tom, you're a legend. Um... But you've got to excuse me, cos I've fancied Charlene since I was this high. Yeah! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Get out of the way! Oh, my God! Thank you so much. I appreciate that. You did really, really great. You're a great singer, really. I appreciate that. Thank you. I look forward to seeing you anyway, cos we're going to be, you know, we're going to be doing the same things. - Thank you so much. - Great to see you. It's meant to be. Look at that. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Yeah! Yes! ♪ Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh. ♪ - I'll be seeing you. - Thank you so much, Kylie. I really appreciate you. Thank you. - Well done. Congratulations, darling. - Yay! - Well done. That was close. Yes! APPLAUSE Got to calm down now. CHEERING Leo, congratulations. Well done. Well, not a bit. A LOT of flirting with Kylie. - Yes! - I mean, come on, that's a dream come true, right? Yeah, you know, it's like you're standing and she's in front of you saying, "Wow, you're amazing. I just can't wait." I was like, 20 years ago, I was like, in my room, you know. Can we cut that? THEY LAUGH The search for The Voice 2014 has begun. And our new coaches are racing ahead. Kylie's been spinning around and has two acts. KYLIE: I feel like I'm settling in. Day one, done. Team Kylie has begun. And Ricky can't believe it. He also has two. RICKY: I really enjoyed that. Good, isn't it? Will's off the mark with his first team member. I didn't want to just throw out all my "Orgh!" I want to save some of my "Orgh!" So those who don't know what "Orgh" is, that's, like, "Orgh!" - It's going to be fun. - Neck and neck with Tom, who's also got one. TOM: I'm not worried about the other teams. I know what I've got. - Let's see what the next show brings. - Hello? Russian Fan Community of The Voice UK http://vk.com/thevoiceuk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 