The Voice: Season 4, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Voice 
 s4e10 - The Battles Part 4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Voice (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 10 - The Battles Part 4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Announcer: This season, the battles hit a whole new level. ♪ The battle rounds are where the winners begin to emerge. ♪ How you like me now ♪ Anybody who performs, that's the beauty of the show. Great voices at this point. Kick-ass job, man. I want to prepare them for their entire career. To help train their artists our four superstar coaches recruited the biggest names in music. Joel Madden, Sheryl Crow, Pharrell Williams and Hillary Scott. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Wherever you are in your life, like put yourself in that song. ♪ Where there is a flame someone's bound to get burned ♪ ♪ just because it burns doesn't mean you're going to die ♪ And only the best of the best emerged victorious. The winner of this battle is Vedo. Vedo! Monique. I'm just completely blown away. By this decision. Savannah. Kris. Midas Whale. I'm shaking. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Ryan Innes! And our coaches have been more strategic than ever with their steals. We've got a steal! You get two chances to steal somebody and you've got to get the person you want. Tonight is the final night of battles, with incredibly talented artists ready to perform. ♪ ♪ come on, come on ♪ Watching your artists battle is bittersweet because it's sad when you have to let one of them go. this is the most important performance so far of my life. It's life or death in my career to win this battle. I've got to make sure that Shakira knows that I'm the person to pick. And with only one steal left, there's no room for error. I'm impatiently waiting for the right moment to hit my button. I've got one left. So I'm really picky right now. I don't know who it's going to be. In the end, only one will win it all, and be named The Voice. - Yeah, man, it's go time. - Bring on the battles. The final the battles start right now. Let's check in with Shakira and her adviser, Good Charlotte frontman Joel Madden. As they await their next battle pair, let's see how the artists got here. 19-year-old Brandon Roush from Louisville, Kentucky versus 45-year-old Shawna P. from Orange Beach, Alabama. Brandon Roush draws inspiration from working with autistic children. His soulful performance earned a button push from coach that high note you hit completely won me over. You want me? Well, I love you. I am on "The Voice" and I'm going to work with Shakira and I am so very, very excited. Shawna P. Had a long road to "The Voice." I found myself performing with the music mafia. Big and rich got a record deal, Gretchen Wilson got a record deal, we all went our separate ways, and that just completely threw me off balance. Announcer: Her passionate performance got two coaches to turn their chairs. [ Cheers ] I'd love to support an artist like you. There's so much rock 'n' roll inside of you. I'm going to pick Shakira. Whoo! Joel Madden, favorite adviser in the whole world. Shakira has brought Joel Madden. I'm very open to learn from him because he comes from a different place musically than I do. Right when he saw me he said, we're going to battle each other, I know it's going to be me and you. You had the feeling it was going to be the two of you? He did. - It's an absolute honor. - He's amazing. - You're amazing. - At a very young age. The reason why I put the two of you together is because you are both intense singers, and I chose this "piece of my heart" song by Janis Joplin because she has an intense voice, too. I think it's a perfect song to showcase my abilities. I was excited, immediately. ♪ Break, yeah break another little bit of my heart, well, darling yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ Shawna has been singing probably before Brandon was even born. She's got a lot of experience, and it shows how professional she is. ♪ You know you got it if it makes you feel good ♪ I have an idea. ♪ You know you've got it wah! ♪ Yes! When Shakira told us that our song was "piece of my heart" by Janis Joplin, my heart pretty much sank. Shawna is a lot like Janis, so that freaked me out. ♪ And didn't I give you nearly everything that a man can ♪ ♪ honey, you know you did these... That's you, that's you. I love how you guys are interacting and connecting, right? I feel like Shawna has found her place in the song, though. And I feel like Brandon, you just got to find your place in the song. I was nervous. So. There are certain lines that you could probably connect a little bit more with. - Put a little more emotion in? - Yeah. Just remember about what kind of pain Janis might have been in when she sang this. The one who's going to win one that connects to the sentiment that lies within a song. When I hear that honesty in my artists, they immediately win me over. Announcer: Brandon and Shawna P. Join Shakira for one final rehearsal. ♪ Come on, come on take it take another little piece of my heart now baby ♪ Brandon, don't scream to cut through. Don't lose the characteristics that distinguish ♪ come on, come on ♪ That work? Yeah, I want to hear that. I'm learning so much from Shakira. She was just gaming us tips and pointers that really helped a lot. I think I could definitely win this. ♪ And didn't I give you nearly everything that a man possibly can honey, you know you did ♪ That felt a lot better. Yeah, it did. I'm much happier now. Today Brandon pleasantly surprised me. He's imprinting that soulful voice into his performance. He's making it his own. ♪ Come on, come on, come on come on ♪ Kind of regulate the intensity, if you can. Okay. Yes. More subtle, perhaps, at the beginning. And then surprise us with your intensity later. Good, okay. Shawna has a gifted voice. Now she has to focus on expressing emotion and being herself. It's very interesting, what you're doing, too, with the song, Brandon. It's challenging for a man, but you are little by little making it your own. Brandon is so young, and he is eager to learn, and he's powerful. And I'm the oldest one in the competition at this point. I would be very frustrated to lose to a 19-year-old. That would suck. The time has come for Brandon and Shawna to battle. Only one will not victorious. Having been involved with big and rich and Gretchen Wilson drives me to want to have the same type of success. Shawna may be older than me, but I have a lot of experience too. I really hope to win this battle by putting my own personality into the song. I've got a lot of pain, a lot of things I've been through that I'll channel into the song. It's life or death in my career to win this battle. The kids that I work with are a strong motivation because I want to show them that they can achieve their dreams, just like I am. [ Cheers and applause ] Carson: Battling tonight, youth versus experience. Who will win? Will it be the child autism counselor Brandon Roush? [ Cheers and applause ] Or the experienced Southern rocker, Shawna P.? This battle begins right now. ♪ ♪ I want you to come on, come on ♪ ♪ come on, come on ♪ ♪ didn't I make you feel like you were the only man ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ ♪ and didn't I give you nearly everything that a man possibly can ♪ ♪ honey, I know that you did ♪ ♪ and each time I tell myself that I, well, I think I've had enough ♪ ♪ but I'm gonna show you baby, that a woman can be tough ♪ ♪ I want you to come on come on, come on come on and take it ♪ ♪ take another little piece of my heart now baby ♪ ♪ oh, break it ♪ ♪ break another little bit of my heart now, darling yeah, yeah, yeah ohh, have a ♪ ♪ have another little piece of my heart now, baby you know you got it if it makes you feel good ♪ ♪ oh, yes indeed but each time I tell myself that I, well I can't stand the pain ♪ ♪ but when I hold you in my arms I'll sing it once again I'll say come on, come on ♪ ♪ come on, come on ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ ♪ take it ♪ ♪ take another little piece of my heart now, baby ♪ ♪ ohh, break it break another little bit of my heart now darling, yeah ♪ ♪ ohh, have a have another little piece of my heart now, baby ♪ ♪ well you know you got it if it makes you feel good ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ ♪ whoo ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] Carson: Team Shakira. Shawna P. And Brandon Roush. Coach Shakira, a difficult decision. We'll give you a minute. What did you think, Adam? I thought it was really fun. Really fun. You know, Brandon, Blake Shelton used to have your exact haircut. - Did you know that? - True story. Yes. I think you look more like Sean Penn. Oh, my gosh. - "Fast times at Ridgemont high." - Spicoli. Yeah. But also like you back in the day. Shut up. Shawna, you know I love you. I turned around for you. Brandon, you really surprised me today because I thought it was going to be difficult to keep up with her power. You stepped up what you do to the point where I thought you guys were just total equals up there. Shawna's got a bad-ass voice, and now we do that you do too, man. Thank you so much, man. Usher? Brandon, I took notice of this raspy tone that was like Joe Cocker. It was really, really special. Shawna, I definitely feel like you have an incredible voice. Like fine wine. You know? But I have to commend both of you for give me two different experiences of an incredible, classic record. Thank you, Usher. Shakira, how did you think that battle went between youth versus experience? Brandon, you gave me your 150%. I don't think I've ever heard a man sing a Janis Joplin song sing so well like you did today. Thank you. And you, Shawna, your pitch was perfect. - Your control was perfect. - Thank you so much. I feel like I have eagerness on this side, experience on the other one. So... Carson: Who is the winner of this battle? Okay. Here I go. The winner of this battle... the winner of this battle is... Shawna. [ Cheers and applause ] Carson: Shawna P.! Winner in the battle for team Shakira. Congratulations, Shawna. We'll see you in the knockout round. Be ready. To have Shakira believe in me is such a validation for me. I have made it through the battles and I'm ready for the knockout round. I'm ready. Carson: Here with Brandon Roush center stage, Brandon, what would you like to say to Shakira, your coach? You taught me so much in the short amount of time. Just thank you. That's all I can really say. I hope we can stay in touch. - Absolutely. - I would like that. Get in line, buddy. We all do. Carson: Ladies and gentlemen, a big thank you to Brandon Roush, who's been awesome on "The Voice." You were unbelievable. Brandon's only 19, but he did an amazing job. I had to pick Shawna because she's in a way so perfect as a singer. But I hope that Brandon pursues a musical career because of his determination and his discipline and his passion. Carson: Coming up, the final night of battles continues, with more electrifying performances. ♪ I guess ♪ More heartbreaking decisions. It's hard. Both of you sang great. It is a tough choice for me to make today. Carson: And who will be the final artist stolen? Oh! He's going to steal! Announcer: Welcome back to the battle rounds. Let's check in with Adam and his team's adviser, grammy-winning lead singer of laid ady antebel Hillary Scott. Hillary Scott is just so talented and so knowledgeable. We did sing together on a song on our last record. So I like that we actually have real concrete things to offer these guys. As they get settled... I love you. Let's look at Adam's first battle pair. 24-year-old Duncan Kamakana from Honolulu, Hawaii versus 24-year-old Sarah Simmons from Memphis, Tennessee. Duncan left Hawaii in search of stardom on "The Voice" stage. ♪ Let me go home ♪ And found an admirer in coach Adam. I'm comfortable enough in my heterosexuality - to tell you you're kind of a stud. - Thank you. ♪ If God had a face ♪ During the blind auditions a commanding performance by Sarah... ♪ What if God was one of us ♪ Convinced all four coaches to push their buttons. You could win this show. I'm going to pick Adam. Oh! I cannot believe we're singing your song. I am honored to sing this. I selected "wanted you more" by Lady Antebellum for Duncan and Sarah. Don't be nervous. You're just singing this song in front of the person who sings it. When I found out it's Hillary Scott, I was like oh, my God, it's Hillary Scott. What's great about lady anti-bell sum what you're doing is blending male and female vocals. I thought you guys have very strong and different approaches. ♪ I can't wait any longer ♪ ♪ and a cold that never came ♪ Duncan has a really great voice. He's kind of the crooner. I envisioned him serenading some girl and her just like drooling over him. ♪ Too much tension ♪ ♪ still I know just went wrong ♪ Elongate those notes. You have a tendency to fade off of them. And the last words of the lines are pretty important. So you want to make sure you hear them. I really had a problem trailing off at the end of my words. I'm going to try to practice that and nail that down. ♪ We'll be back now I'm sure ♪ I'll say one thing, Duncan. You've got to be careful you don't get swallowed up by this voice. Yeah. Sarah has a huge voice, and it's going to be key for me to not get her to come down and meet me in the middle, to show how big my voice can be too. The place where we wrote this from, just so y'all know so you can get yourselves into this story, it's a really personal song. And the one line that I will say makes me cry. ♪ In the end it seemed there was no room for me ♪ ♪ still I tried to change your mind ♪ Like I was begging you with everything I had to make you stay. Think about that whenever you're staring at the audience and singing. Okay. Your homework assignment for both of you is be more decisive about the phrasing you're going to use when you're harmonizing because this is a very important collaboration between the two of you that's going to make each one of you look better individually. Yeah. If you're more together. Sarah has a very powerful voice, but it needs some control. And Duncan is a very laid-back guy, and today he was overcompensating a little bit. If Duncan finds what it is he's looking for, it's going to be trouble for Sarah. Duncan and Sarah meet with Adam for one final rehearsal before their battle. ♪ I guess I wanted you more ♪ ♪ and I'll get back now I'm sure ♪ There are some problems. ♪ I guess I wanted you more ♪ Be really conscious of the "more." To me you both have to be hitting, harmonizing with the same time. If you don't get that perfectly there, people are going to... They're going to lose interest. ♪ I wanted you more ♪ You have to spend some time together doing this. Because right now it's like you might as well not be in the same room with each other. We're far away from where we need to be. So it's going to be key to really nail those harmonies. Duncan, you know what we discussed. Just lay back, elongate the notes, but still project. Yeah. Sarah, just have supreme confidence in what you do. Yeah. The potential of this duet is big. You've just got to really do your homework. Coming up... Duncan and Sarah go head to head in an extraordinary battle. ♪ I guess I wanted you more ♪ That moves our coaches... You're one of my favorite singers I've ever heard in my life. You have a confidence that drive women crazy. And leaves Adam with a difficult decision. Oh, my God. Welcome back to the battle rounds. Carson: Who will represent team Adam in the knockouts? Will it be the Hawaiian folk singer Duncan Kamakana? [ Cheers and applause ] Carson: Or the music student with the commanding voice, Sarah Simmons? [ Cheers and applause ] Let the battle begin. ♪ ♪ I kept waiting on a reason and a call that never came no, I never saw it coming ♪ ♪ something in you must have changed ♪ ♪ all the words unspoken ♪ ♪ promises broken ♪ ♪ I cried for so long ♪ ♪ wasted too much time ♪ ♪ should have seen the signs ♪ ♪ now I know just what went wrong ♪ ♪ I guess I wanted you more ♪ ♪ and looking back now I'm sure ♪ ♪ I wanted you more ♪ ♪ I guess I wanted you more ♪ ♪ and all those nights we spent just talking ♪ ♪ about the things we wanted out of life ♪ ♪ out of life ♪ ♪ in the end it seems there was no room for me ♪ ♪ still I tried to change your mind ♪ ♪ I guess I wanted you more ♪ ♪ and looking back now I'm sure ♪ ♪ I wanted you more ♪ ♪ I guess I wanted you more ♪ ♪ more ♪ ♪ I don't need you ♪ ♪ I don't need you anymore ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] Carson: A battle for team Adam. Sarah and Duncan! Very nice. Carson: Blake, what did you think of that battle. I loved that performance. Sarah, you're one of my favorite singers I've ever heard in my life. I can tell you right now. Thank you. It's so rare that she can be this real sweet, clear, crystal clear voice and then she can just drift off into a falsetto that's just beautiful and then all of the sudden she turns on that rasp thing that happens just when she wants it to and when it matters the most. I would pick Sarah. Carson: Thank you, Blake. Usher, what did you think? Duncan, you have a confidence that drive women crazy. To be able to stand on the stage and... stop looking at me like that, man. No, but Sarah, I think that you whooped the entire room up with your voice and really did an incredible job. [ Applause ] Carson: Adam Levine, how'd that battle go for you? I'm so proud of you guys. Oh, my God. Sarah, there's an effortlessness with which you sing that's so easy and so impossible at the same time. You know, I do agree with Usher. Duncan, you've got a thing. You're a talented dude. You are amazing. Carson: The final decision is yours. Who is the winner of this battle? The winner of this battle... The winner of this battle is Sarah. Carson: Sarah Simmons! Winner of this battle for team Adam. Congratulations to Sarah. I made the best decision by leaving school to come here. Amazing. Unbelievable. So special, what you do. Sarah is one of the better singers this competition's ever seen. She's amazing. She could win this whole thing. Carson: Duncan Kamakana, everybody. Thank you, Duncan. You're awesome. Had to come to an end at some point. I just feel honored that it was at the hands of who honestly is my pick to win it all this year. I love her. She's gnarly. She was incredible, dude. You've got some ringers, man. As a fan of this show I'm going to buy all of Sarah's music as soon as it's available. As a coach on this show, she's definitely a problem for me. Carson: Adam takes Sarah to the knockout round. But she wasn't the only artist to advance. ♪ I am titanium ♪ Usher picked introverted indy rocker Michelle Chamuel over pop artist Chelsea M. Usher gave me a chance. Now I'm going to keep working my butt off. Carson: For team Adam... ♪ Heart breaker, dream maker ♪ ♪ love taker ♪ ♪ don't you mess around ♪ College music major Amy Whitcomb battled Latin pop singer Agina Alvarez and won. I'm going to prove to Adam that he made the right choice. Carson: And for team Blake country artist Justin Rivers battled sister duo The Morgan Twins. ♪ How hard it is ♪ ♪ to make it easy ♪ I want people to know that you're not a novelty and that you're the real deal. But the winner of this battle, I've got to say I'm surprised, is Justin. Carson: Justin wins the battle! I wanted to steal him. I could hear the country artist that has that ability. He was like way better than he ever was... Yeah, man. Glad to hear you say it. I feel really great about some of the talent that I've seen. I've got one still left. I don't know who it's going to be. I hope for the best. Still to come... Shakira pairs her latina singers for battle. And the claws come out. - You sang on my chorus. - I'm sorry. We're just saying. And then Usher uses his final steal. Oh! We've got a steal! You really sold me. I could really do incredible things with you. You can download the winners' full versions of tonight's battle performances on iTunes. ♪ Wasted too much time ♪ ♪ should have seen the signs ♪ Welcome back to the battle rounds. While Shakira and her adviser, Good Charlotte front man Joel Madden, greet their next battle pair, let's see how these artists got here. 19-year-old Katya from the Bronx, New York, versus 17-year-old Mary Miranda, from Havana, Cuba. College student Cathia came to the blind auditions hoping her Cher turn would get her one step closer to the dream. She turned three with her Latin pop sound and made a connection with Shakira. I once had a mentor. Gloria Stefan was right there by my side. And I want to be right there with you helping you out. Oh, my God. Mary left Cuba with her family to find a better opportunity in America. ♪ [ Singing in Spanish ] She also turned three chairs, but Mary had her mind set on one coach. Shakira! I'm excited for this. I paired Mary and Cathia latinas and this song's in Spanish. I want to see how they make it their own. I'm very honored you picked one of your songs for us to sing. I was like I'm going to do her proud and rock it out. You're going to do me very proud. When I wrote this song, someone broke my heart. Just think of how sad I was. We've all been through bad break-ups. Shakira gave us her own song, "Antes de Las seis," which means before six. I think it's huge the person who wrote the song is the person who's coaching me on that song. You're such good singers I felt that the challenge here is who of the two of you could deliver the emotional message. People might understand you, they might not. None of that matters. It mrs that you make a moment happen. - Got a message across. - Yeah. - I'll go for it. - Just how you feel it. ♪ Mary does not know her parts. You can't just go up to Shakira and not sing her song well. You need to know what the lyrics are. You need to know the melody. ♪ It goes like this. ♪ I feel like you're holding back a little bit still. I am. Because I don't know this song. I need to learn it. This is a song that I've never heard before. And because I'm so young and I haven't had that much experience, I really need to work hard. ♪ [ Singing Spanish ] That's hot. I like those choices and the melody changes. Wow. Thank you. I'm taking notes for myself. Next time I sing it I'll try to do a little bit of what you're doing. Cathia studied the song, did the work. Mary is only 17. She's so young. I felt for her. But at this point she's in the game. You have to do the work here, learn the song so that your voice can really be heard and there's nothing in the way of it. The battle is near. And Cathia and Mary meet with Shakira for their final rehearsal. ♪ [ Singing in Spanish ] ♪ - Can I do that? - Yeah. Last time I did that rehearsal I was very nervous. But now I know the song and I'm more comfortable. ♪ I definitely don't think that they should be singing together during the chorus. You sang on my chorus. I'm so sorry. I was thrown off because Mary wasn't singing when she was supposed to. But I need to get out of that and think about myself. - So Cathia. - Mm-hmm. You were perfect before. Now your pitch is getting real out of whack. - Get it back. - Okay. So if you're going to go change my melody, you'd better be sure about it. - Yeah. - Okay? I was a little like thrown off a little just because like she doesn't know where to sing. But it's fine. I'll just focus on... Focus on your parts. Cathia was losing control of her pitch. She's a great singer. But she has to be careful if she wants to win this competition. Mary has a beautiful voice timbre. She's also one of the most charismatic contenders I have. It's going to be tough for me for many reasons but I'm looking forward to it. You just need more practice. Coming up... Cathia and Mary face off in a vocal battle. And the tension spills over to our coaches. I mean, I don't know if this is a bad thing on her part to - choose her own record. - No, no, no, no. They both took the song and made their own interpretation of it. You fired her up now, man. You never get into an argument with a Latin woman. It's hard to see you guys fighting. Welcome back to the battle rounds. The time has come for Cathia and Mary to battle. Only one will remain on Shakira's team. Singing a Shakira song is humongous. Whatever happens, I'm ready for and I just want to sing my heart out there. I moved from Cuba following my American dream, and to be here on "The Voice" is the biggest thing I could have ever imagined. Not winning is not an option. When I get on that stage, I'm going to make sure that Shakira knows that I'm the person to pick. I'm going to show Shakira that she got another latina pop star right here. [ Cheers and applause ] Carson: Which Latin songstress from team Shakira will win this battle? Will it be the music business major, Cathia? [ Cheers and applause ] Or the Cuban pop hopeful, Mary Miranda? [ Cheers and applause ] Let the battle begin. ♪ [ Singing in Spanish ] ♪ [ Singing in Spanish ] ♪ [ Singing in Spanish ] ♪ [ Singing in Spanish ] ♪ [ Singing in Spanish ] ♪ [ Singing in Spanish ] [ Cheers and applause ] Carson: Well, there we go. Team Shakira. Cathia and Mary Miranda. Shaky, I'll give you a minute to think about it. - Adam, what did you think? - That was beautiful. Didn't understand a word of it, obviously. - But I felt all of it. - Thank you. And you're both amazing singers. Incredible singers. Thank you. If I was going to choose, I would say that I would go with Mary. Carson: Blake. It's a little bit out of your territory, but what did you think of the battle? What on earth does that mean, Carson? Carson: That means you barely speak English. That's what I thought you meant. Well, I didn't know what y'all were singing about, but I'm pretty sure it was about me and how much you both love me. [ Cheers and applause ] Am I right? I wrote that song for Blake. He's right about that. I didn't think I was wrong about that. You can feel it. He's broken my heart so many times. You can feel it. Every time he says he doesn't understand a thing I say. Don't know what she just said there either. See? But I loved every syllable of it. - I can tell you that. - Thank you so much. Cathia I think blew me away the most. Thank you so much. Thank you, Blake. [ Cheers and applause ] Carson: Usher? I mean, I don't know if this is a bad thing or just narcissistic on her part to choose her own record to have you guys perform. - Because I wanted to see... - You fired her up now. I wanted to see if they'd try to imitate my voice or make it their own. Si. And obviously, they both... They both took this song and made their own interpretation of it and they did it their own. They were fantastic to me. I'm sorry. I know my moment hasn't come yet. Continue, please. You never get into an argument with a Latin woman. [ Cheers and applause ] There's three of us here. It wasn't hard to see you guys fighting. What I was going to say is a wonderful choice of a song, Shakira. And I thought that they did incredible. Carson: All right, Shakira. The decision is yours. Okay. It is a tough choice for me to make today. You did such a great job. This breaks my heart. Coming up... Oh! The final steal of the battle rounds. We've got a steal! Welcome back to the battle rounds. Before the break Cathia and Mary gave an emotional performance of a Shakira song. ♪ Now Shakira must make a tough choice. Carson: All right, Shakira. The decision is yours. How did you think that battle went? The reason I picked this song, too, apart from narcissistic reasons, I also wanted a song in Spanish because I wanted to see how much you could express in this song to transcend the words through the performance. And I think that's what you guys achieved. Cathia, you have a vocal ability that is undeniable. You can reach those high notes. You have strength and power in your voice. Mary, you have on the other hand a signature vibrato, and your voice is just so sweet. You're just so sweet. You're like cotton candy. Thank you. Carson: All right, Shakira. The time has come. Who won this battle? It is a tough choice for me to make today. I like you both equally. I enjoyed your performance from top to bottom. [ Speaking Spanish ] Carson: Whoa! Picked by Shakira in the battle round. I picked Mary because she has a signature voice, even though it is not a big voice. And I find her also tremendously charismatic. Carson: Mary Miranda moves on to the knockout round. I can't believe it. Yes! You did it, Mary. Carson: Let me remind you that Cathia is available to steal. What would you like to say to Shakira? I would just like to thank you so much for this opportunity. I've learned so much from you. It's truly been such an honor. And I can't thank you enough. And all of you. Because even though you guys haven't coached me, I've learned watching you and truly, thank you so much. You are welcome. Carson: Cathia, everybody. Give her a round of applause. As she exits "The Voice" stage... [ Cheers and applause ] We have a steal! Cathia. Stolen by Usher. When Usher pushed the button, I was like, water was coming down because I couldn't believe it. Carson: Tears of disappointment become tears of excitement. One minute you're crying, you're saying good-bye, then Usher saved you. Usher, why? You really sold me at the end of your performance. And though I may not know a ton about Latin music, I did have a number one Latin record. "Romeo." And you being from the Bronx, you know. So I have great respect. I could really do incredible things with you because you have an incredible voice. And I look forward to working with you. Thank you so much. I really love your music. And I'm just so glad to get a second chance. Usher. Thank you so much. Carson: Cathia, everybody, back in this competition. She has been saved. I'm really happy I stole Cathia, because my team will have her. It was a great choice in the end for the potential of winning the show. Carson: As Usher makes Cathia the final artist in the knockout here's how the teams stand. Adam picked indie powerhouse Sarah Simmons and Amy Whitcomb to complete his team. Shakira kept veteran rocker Shawna P. And cuban singer Mary Miranda. Blake picked country artist Justin Rivers for the final spot on his team. And Usher chose introverted rocker Michelle Chamuel and made Latin artist Cathia the final steal of the battles. If you thought the steal was a game changer, this Monday and Tuesday get ready for the next level of "The Voice." The knockout round. ♪ It's teammate versus teammate an instant elimination. One stays, one goes. No steals. No second chances. You're trying to make me cry. Why don't you just come down - here and punch me in the face? - Hey, I'll do it. - You tell him. - Blake, you got served. NBC "The Voice." watch it live. - sync by Zac - www.addicted.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 