The Voice: Season 4, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Voice 
 s4e9 - The Battles Part 3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Voice (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 9 - The Battles Part 3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 But they were left facing the agonizing choice of which artist would remain on their team. I should have never take than job. At this point, because there's so many talented people, the newbies, they are finding how hard it is to make these decisions. Oh, man. Announcer: But the steals return! Shakira used both her steals, giving two deserving artists a second chance in the competition. And the gloves came off as our coaches fought for the artists they wanted. I hit my button first. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm following set myself on fire. - That was my line. - You said it but I mean it. What is great is there is still a lot of incredible talent. The thing about the steals, it changes the game in a good way. But I just feel like I'm seriously going to be handing over some powerful weapons to other coaches. One more steal left and I know exactly who I want. Carson: Tonight, our four superstar coaches pair their artists to face off in vocal battles. Carson: And they will be quick on their button. Steal! Carson: Doing whatever it takes to steal the artist they want. Say something! Carson: To prepare their team, the coaches recruited some 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 of the biggest names in music. Fall behind, going to be a train wreck. If you listen to her, you may come in a little bit late. Carson: With the battle lines drawn... - I don't want to do it like this. - Your voice is incredible. But don't hide it bro. Be great, man. Carson: The artists will have to deliver. So much better this time. I'm happy to do it. You really want both of them to excel, knowing their introduction to the world is in your hands. Carson: The battle rounds continue right now! Hey, Blake, how many steals you got? Usher's girls I'm pretty excited about. - Shouldn't steal things. - Not nice. - Against the law. - He threw her away. - Didn't care about her. - Don't do that. Carson: While our coaches get settled, let's meet Usher's a first battle pair of the night. Jessica gave up a career in public relations to pursue music full time. Usher validated his decision by pushing his button, making her the final member of his team. Vedo came to "The Voice" to make his mom proud. My mom, she is my world. Diagnosed with stage iv lung cancer, two months to live. She is my every egg. This for you, mama. I love you. Carson: He put a unique twist on a Justin Bieber song. I got you man. Carson: Jessica and Vedo arrive, eager to rehearse with Usher and his adviser, multigrammy winner, Pharrell Williams. Oh, my God, I got Pharrell and Usher, two of the baddest guys in the game to give me a vocal coaching. You know, Bruno Mars is incredible, incredible vocalist. So, "locked out of heaven" is one I felt would definitely highlight your talents. I paired Jessica and Vedo together because they are not alike as artists. Jessica being more of a bluesy artist, it's bit of a challenge to go after "locked out of heaven" so Vedo, I want him to fully commit to what he feels and put that in the record. I wasn't sure about the song at all, I was a little bit At this point where I am, where Vedo's at, I need a lot more work. Man, you really, like, shocked me. That was almost like a desperation in your voice. That was just a passion, man, you want to win. Jessica, I feel like this is definitely one that causes you to start at the top of your range. I mean, is the key easy for you right now? It's bit of a stretch for me and my range because I like the more alto range. So, this is... it's a little bit high for me. When I heard Jessica say that the song is out of her range, I automatically thought I have an advantage. All right. I think you're wrong about the key. I think the key is perfect for you. - Even at the top? - It made you shine. Okay. So, let your mind take a rest and let your heart go. 'Cause when you do that, that's when you make the song yours. Okay. Jessica has an incredible range that is her strength. Her weak as soon as that she doesn't know that. This is such a good show, man. Like y'all got some real talented people. Carson: With their battle looming, Jessica and Vedo meet with Usher and the band for one final rehearsal. I heard Jessica sing the song, I'm like, wow, I'm so amazed. This is going to be a really hard, tough battle. Incredible to see the turnaround for Jessica, because she felt like it was too high for her. I don't think so. Her voice is incredible. So you guys been doing your homework? I like it. Vedo, I just want to make sure you don't get so locked into just executing you the record the way you know it that you - lose your personality. - Mm-hmm. There's space for you to put your personality in this as well - without stepping on Jessica. - Okay. Choose your moment properly. I'm not gonna tell you where it is. Choose it. They both sound great, both connected to the record. If they listen to what advice has been given to them, it's going to be hard for me. Carson: Everything has been building to tonight's battle and Jessica and Vedo are about to go head to head. The stakes are high for me. I quit my job to do music and put a tremendous amount of pressure on my husband. Shortly after the blind auditions, my mom passed away. For the most part, I have been keeping it to myself. She is right here with me, as if she is still alive. The defining moment to go up against somebody as incredible as Vedo, it is not anything I could ever dream I would do. One thing I got to remember when I hit this stage, sing from my soul. Sing with desperation. Sing for my mom. Carson: Which artist from Usher's team will win? The powerful singer who left a career in PR, Jessica Gilchrest! Or the emotional R&B; artist, Vedo! Carson: The battle for team Usher between Vedo and Jessica Childress! Usher that is not going to be easy for you to have to decide who won that bat. Give you a minute to think about. Shakira, what did you think? I just felt so good throughout it. Jess, you have tremendous personality. I can tell that you must have a ton of friends. And you, Vedo, you threw some moves there. I can tell you're a great dancer. And the whole interaction between you guys was just so refreshing. - Thank you. - So it was a feel-good performance. Carson: Thank you, Shakira. Adam Levine? That was so enjoyable. You guys were so connected. Jessica, you want to be my friend maybe? Absolutely. You were like... you were like... all this amazing energy. - Let's bro down. - Let's bro down. Blake, you can't be friends with her, too. No, but seriously, beautiful woman with a lot of talent. I loved you. Vedo, how you doin'? How you doin'? The surprising thing sometimes with the show, they impress you but then they impress you even more. That was incredible. I know what you have been through. You did an incredible he job. I know she is proud of you. And you guys just made us all happy. Thank you. Thank you very much. Carson: Blake? I'm feeling pretty bad for Usher right now this is the thing awesome about battle rounds and the really sucky thing about battle rounds, you lit up the room. Y'all both just had this connection and we are supposed to, as coaches, sit here around go here is what I would do if I was you and I would... but there was none of that that happened there. That's why I feel bad for Usher right now because there's not a right or wrong decision here, you know? Carson: Usher, the final decision obviously yours. What did you see that will help you make that decision? You both had a specific thing that made this song difficult for you. I felt like you overcame them, which makes it very hard, because there wasn't one lighter moment or greater moment from either of you. You supported one another. I know after this decision, you are going to be able to take everything that I have been able to teach you and continue to pursue your career. Music is that universal language, but conviction and passion is a universal emotion that connects everything and I felt like everybody at homemade that connection with you. Carson: Usher, who is the winner of this battle? The winner of this battle is... Carson: Coming up, an unforgettable night of battles continues. Leaving our coaches fighting to steal new artists for their teams. We got a steal! Two steals! I didn't believe before, I believe now. Come on! - Sync by Zac - www.addicted.com Carson: Welcome back to the battle rounds. Before the break, Jessica and Vedo left their hearts on the stage... Now, Usher has the difficult decision of who will remain on his team. The winner of this battle is... ... is Vedo. Carson: Vedo, winner. He beats Jessica Childress and moves on. It was really, really hard but I think Vedo has what it takes to represent my team well. And I hope he can make it all the way to the end. Carson: What do you want to say to Usher? You know, working with you has made me a better singer, I feel so excited now that I've been in this amazing boot camp with you and I can't thank you enough for going out of your way to invest in your whole team and you have been incredible and I will never forget this. Carson: Jessica Childress, everybody. Jessica Childress. Her time on "The Voice" comes to an end. Of course I wanted to vote for her, but Vedo just shut it down. I'm so happy for him, because he's amazing. Sometimes you see an artist up there and we praise them but I don't use my steal for them because that artist doesn't fit in to the plan that you have for your team. It's really, really, really wish my mom was here. But she here in spirit, you know? I can make her proud. I know she smiling. I know she is. I know she is. I'm just so happy, man. Homey. It's all right. Mom is proud of you right now, man. Yeah. She is smiling right now and you making her proud, all right? - Thank you, man. - All right. Carson: Let's check in with Shakira and her adviser, Good Charlotte frontman, Joel Madden. Here is how these artists match up, 24-year-old Luke Edgemon from Fayetteville, North Carolina, versus 20-year-old Monique Abbadie from Miami. The kind of singer that can express feelings and emotions. - I pick Shakira. - So happy now. Carson: Monique had success as a child performer and came to "The Voice" looking for a second chance. She blew away our coaches and got all four chairs to turn. I pick Shakira. Pure greatness. He was on my binder in middle school. I still can't believe Shakira is my coach and I can't believe that Joel Madden was standing in front of me. Thousands of people would love to be in my place. I decided to go for the Gaga's song "You and I", which is an eclectic song. Monique and Luke are the most eclectic couple in the group. I would be interested to see Monique sing this and Luke has a great pop voice. They have great tones to their voices. Luke is one of the strongest singers on the team. A little intimidating it is going to be a tough battle. Monique when you say "you tank taste like whisky when you kiss me" sounded affected to me, too broad watch think more about what the lyrics are trying to con vacillate I like something you were doing before on this time and I'm not living without you, like voice inflection, a little bit of a yodel. Don't be scared to push it. Feels good when it breaks a little bit. It's honest. What I was surprised the most about Luke's voice, when it broke a little bit you there was like a new little element to his voice that could be interesting for him to explore. - Going to be a battle. - Cool. Yes, it will be. Carson: Luke and Monique rehearse one last time before their battle. Its time to buckle down and get serious. I like that. Nebraska nights. And I love the new you. I love the free you. But it's just on the something, be careful because in this particular first course, you say something, keep that in mind. Let's do it again. Right now, I feel nervous about the battle. Monique is serious competition, definitely. She is a brilliant singer, I feel like I need to be prepared for anything. Another important thing you should you can careful of, not to ad lib on top of each other, don't step on each other's toes. Remember this is a battle, but you need to support each other to sound good. The last rehearsal, I noticed they were trying to top each other. You do too much, you saturate the audience and they don't appreciate the good moments. This is something I'm trying to focus on. Each one of you pick your space within the song so you don't start becoming desperate in the song, desperate to show off, to show your voice. I think the most difficult part of all is going to be if they have to work together while they're performing to move the audience, even though one of them will come out victorious. Do it one more time. Carson: Coming up, Luke and Monique's performance shocks our coaches. Wow. I was completely blown away. Where in the hell did Luke come from? I don't know. Leaving Shakira with a very tough decision. Carson: Welcome back to the battle round. Luke and Monique are ready for battle. Only one will be victorious. The main challenge for me is not sound musical theater around convey the message of the song. I have been working a lot on getting rid of the background mentality and I'm excited to show that I'm ready to be in the spotlight. I want to be a lament pop star, just like Shakira. Tonight this battle is going to be epic. If I don't go out on that stage and bring as much energy to the ring as Monique, I'm totally going home. Carson: Battling tonight from team Shakira, the pastor's son, Luke Edgemon! Going against the former Latin child star, Monique Abbadie! This battle begins right now. Carson: That is Monique and Luke! - Great. - Okay. Shakira, we will give you a few seconds... maybe your fellow coaches can help you make a tough decision here. - Adam what did you think? - First of all, Monique, we love you. At the same time, we knew there was no chance quo get you, we knew what team you would be on before you decided. You're powerful, we love you, but the big revelation for me right now is Luke. I got to tell you, I was... Carson: Thanks, Adam. Blake Shelton, what did you think of the battle? Where in the hell did Luke come from? - I mean, my gosh... - I don't know. Came from heaven. From team Shakira. - I thought Luke won that bat. - I think he did, too. - Yeah. - All right. Carson: Usher? Almost a bromance going on between the two of you? - A moment? - Maybe. In the air? Luke, you put soul into the song, what you did showed me something totally different but as a performer. You have got a career ahead of you, buddy. Thank you. I have not heard a voice like that. I was just completely blown away because your background is church and I understand that but I felt like you got together. You really complemented one another. Thank you, Usher. Carson: Shakira. So glad to here these guys acknowledge Luke's talent because I think, Luke, you have revealed your true colors and your true essence and, Monique, you sound like a pro to me. You've been on stages and it shows. There is a delicate balance when you're singing live to not get carried away and you are learning to use just the perfect amount of tabasco, not to spoil the recipe, you know what I mean? So... and I think that's what us girls have to do in music and with men too, if you know what I mean. How can you let her get away with it? It doesn't matter what Shakira says, it's always right. I'm talking about the importance of using just enough tabasco. Carson: Are you torn? - I'm torn. Carson: Who is the winner of this battle? Okay. I think I'm gonna make a strategic decision. And... because I certainly hope that you're gonna steal one of these two contestants. 'Cause you seem so excited about Luke. I'm gonna pick Monique. Carson: Monique Abbadie, winner, team Shakira battle. Moving on to the knockout rounds. - Thank you. - I will make you proud. I won the battle. I can't believe t but I'm just completely blown away by this decision. Thank you. A dream come true. Oh, my God. Carson: Coaches, let me remind that you Luke Edgemon is available to steal. We got a steal! Blake Shelton steps in to steal Luke Edgemon away from team Shakira! That was one of the most energetic, pitch-perfect performances that I've seen in the battle rounds in a long time. I mean, it was precision. It was unbelievable. It was amazing. Carson: Coach Usher, you jumped in there, you want to steal Luke away from Shakira. Why? I think that, you know... I am not sure, actually. Talk some sense into this boy. Come on. To be strategic and I... Carson: Welcome back to the battle rounds. Before the break, Shakira picked Monique Abbadie as the winner of the battle. Two steals, yay! But Blake and Usher were quick to try and steal Luke Edgemon. Now, Luke gets to pick his new coach. Talk to the kid. Say something. Oh, boy. I am not sure, actually. - Talk some sense into this boy. - Oh, dear. Come on. Um, I think that I'm also going to be strategic and I pick Blake. Blake Shelton! I have no more steals left for the battle rounds and there's a lot of rounds that I used my steal for Luke, but most of all, he looked like he was having an absolute blast on that stage and I can't tell you how far that goes with me. I think it played right into my hands. I'm stood leave team Shakira. I love what she taught me. I felt like I learned a lot. But Blake is a winner. He won several times. I think I'm in good hands. Team Blake. Yeah! He is so good. - He really is - oh, my God. - You slick devil. - What are you talking about? I figured he wants you more, because I picked him in the blind auditions. Oh, my God. Dammit, Luke! Carson: With you shallers a two steals intact, let's head over to Blake and his team's adviser, nine-time grammy award-winning artist Cheryl Crow. Imagine having Cheryl Crow for your teacher? I brought Sheryl Crow in because I'm honored to call her a buddy. Carson: Let's look at the pairing. 24-year-old Jackie Sandell from New Jersey versus Savannah Perry from Houston, Texas. Ballerina-turned-musician, Jackie, left the band for "The Voice" career. She got two chairs to turn. Got a very sexy sound. It seems like you know what you're capable of. - Blake. - Yes! Carson: Susannah game came to The Voice in hopes of becoming a country star after the being discovered by Sugarland on YouTube. And three coaches pushed their buttons. I am fascinated by your voice. What are your musical influences? Miranda Lambert... Hey, Savannah, I'm actually married to Miranda Lambert. I think I'm gonna have to pick Blake. Say hi to my friend, Sheryl Crow. - Oh, my God. - How are you guys? Oh, my gosh. I walked in. Sheryl Crow's sitting there. I was freaking out in my head. I mean, I grew up listening to her songs. I was just so thrilled to meet her. I'm excited to hear you guys sing. This is a good song. I really love this song. I'm glad you picked it. This is a little different for me, so... I like a challenge. I gave Jacqui and Savannah a song by Little Big Town called "little white church." I want to now see this side of what they do. A less serious side, a more fun, up-tempo, kinda has a good blend of all those elements. - Hell, yeah. - Yeah. When I first heard Savannah sing, it kinda scared me a little bit because she has such a beautiful, clear, country voice. Savannah's probably everything that Blake would want. For you, Jacqui, the thing I'd mention to you is watch the growl stuff because when I hear people do those growls, the first thing I think of is, "oh, they can't really get up there." I think it's the fear of maybe not being able to hit the note. - Sure. - You know, 'cause I've got, like, a touring voice, so it's kind of a grown insecurity 'cause when I was 18, my voice sounded like that. You definitely have the notes. Just open your mouth. Really open your mouth. Yeah. I think Jacqui's gonna have to figure out a way to trust that she has the higher notes and not go into a growl. If she can manage that, she's got a good shot. Sorry. I was late. I was trying to get back on when... Savannah, you tend to fall behind in the pocket. It's gonna end up being a train wreck, 'cause she's gotta come in when she's gotta come in. Yeah. If you're listening to her and you're not tapping your foot, you may come in a little bit late. Yeah, I do realize I stumble on that part. Savannah, her time was not great. That worries me. She gonna really have to find a way to stay on that groove. It'll really throw her if she falls behind. Do you play guitar at all? I saw a picture of you with the guitar. - Yeah, I do. - That might be the best thing for you, you know, is just to get the guitar out, listen to it. - Yeah, totally. - Play along with it. - Awesome. - I can't wait to see you guys do it. It's gonna be fun. Jacqui and Savannah use their final rehearsal with Blake to Polish their performance. - What happened to your growl? - I listened to your advice maybe? Man, she's singing. She's singing the note, not growling it. You do good on country, by the way. You got some country sounds in there. Thank you. It really made me happy that he even noticed that, he, like, brought out a whole new artist just in one day. When you start doing harmonies with her, your phrasing falls back a little bit. Right. I'm usually, like, a ballad singer. You know, it's out of my safe zone. Mm-hmm. I just need to stay focused, keep up with my timing, and hopefully, Blake sees that. Okay, Savannah, think ahead of the beat. A little bit ahead of it. Prepare as much as you can, you know what I mean? So, you're not so worried about finding that pocket or being able to get that note out. At the end of the day, I'm looking for who sings the best. One of the artists is gonna shine a little bit brighter than the other. That's the thing it takes to win. Carson: Still to come, team Blake performs in a country music showdown. Carson: And... You shocked us all in the blind auditions. -Get to that oaf over there. - What is that? An ogre. Carson: Our coaches rediscovered artist these missed out on on the blind audition. That was great, man. Carson: But will they get the chance to steal? The winner of this battle... Come on, Usher, gimme the winner. Carson: Welcome back to the battle rounds. It's time for Jacqui and Savannah to battle, and only one will remain on Blake's team. It's really tough to go into battle with Jacqui, because she is like a big sister to me, but I am here to win this. My experience with touring I think has help bhed this battle because I will be able to give the audience that performance. I want nothing more than to be a country artist on team Blake going into the live shows. I'm always go big or go home. I'm going to win this bat tonight on team Blake. Carson: And now, the battle for team Blake, Jacqui Sandell. Going head to head with the country hopeful, Savannah Berry. The battle starts right now. There we got. That was so much fun. Carson: A lot of fun to watch. Blake, great pairing, great battle, sucks to be you. Adam, What did you think? The cutest thing happened ever on this bat round, on tv, you did the cutest victory jump I have ever seen in my entire life. Go back like 30 second it is you are watching at home, you are just like, yeah, you jumped up in the air. Jacqui saw you do and she was like, I'm gonna do it, too, - jumped up in the air. - That describes the relationship. Pretty much the cutest thing I have ever seen in my life. Singing is what we are talking about right now. Savannah, I turned around four, I wanted you on my team. I lost you to that oaf over there. What is that? - Like a giant person. - Like an ogre. - Like Shrek. - Yeah. Exactly like Shrek. Seriously, amazing. I was expecting greatness from you, but you were great. Jackie, you were also great. Really different. Carson: Thank you, Adam. Usher, what did you think? It was a lot of fun to come out here and give it the energy you did. I hit my button for you, Jacqui, what I like about the song is - the fact you put your own thing. - Did say thing. You put your own thing on t and Savannah, to be as young as you are and to be able to articulate yourself the way you do with your too you got a bright future ahead of you. Thank you so much. You think I can pick one of the two of. Carson: Shakira? I think what I enjoyed the most was the way they used the stage. Jacqui's case, a little bit uncomfortable with the low notes and Savannah, I like your inflections. My advice to you is use them a little more because they make you sound distinctive. Carson: Who do you think won the battle, Shakira? I don't know. Blake, you have your mind mae made up or what? - No. Need help. - I didn't help. I know. Maybe because I'm such a sucker for those inflections. I like to pick Savannah, if it were me. Okay. Carson: Blake, the decision is yours. What did you think? First of all, talking to you as a fellow artist I just respect that you two have a respect for each other. - I respect that. - I respect that you respect that. Thank you. I respect that, too. You both took the notes that I gave you and put them into motion, you know? And that's all I can ask as a coach. As the song went on and able to get that they are vows energy out of your body, it was really good. Carson: Blake, who is the winner of this battle? Uh, you both did everything I asked of you. And kudos. But the winner of this battle is Savannah. Carson: Savannah Berry wins team Blake's battle round and moves on to the knockout. Congratulations. I'm thrilled I'm a country artist on Blake's team. Big shoes to fill. Pushed me out of my comfort zone with this song. Definitely something more up-tempo, which I'm not normally used to. Savannah, I'm still a believer in. Now we know how she sounds on a ballad, and know what she sounds on an up-tempo, it helps me know where to go from here. I love Savannah. I want her on my team. What do you want to tell Blake Shelton? Oh, Blaky, Blaky, Blaky. You have literally made me into not just a whole new artist but a whole new person. I sing differently now, the way I perform, the kind of artist I want to be, kind of person I want ton. You are just so inspirational and I can't thank you enough for giving me a chance. Carson: Jacqui Sandell, everybody. This dream is so different from anything I will ever do in my life. Thank you so much. Nothing's cooler as a coach than to see your team become really close. And also nothing's worse than making that decision and separating them. Carson: Still to come, a steal that nobody saw coming. Oh! We have a steal! Carson: Welcome back to the battle rounds. While our coaches await their next performance, Usher gives Blake a much-needed dance lesson. - Just follow me. - Like that. Bam. Bam. Bam. Bam. Carson: In the meantime, let's meet Shakira's second battle pair. 19-year-old C. Perkins versus Kris Thomas from Memphis, Tennessee. He hoped it would get him out of his day job. I work at a grocery store. I'm the stoker and cashier. Of course, I don't want to work at a grocery store the rest of my life. Carson: He took a big step toward his dream by turning Shakira's chair. Going to work so well together, they are going to want to steal you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Carson: During the blind audition, Kris's unique sound food everyone. Except Shakira. You're a dude. Who knew you were a guy? - I'm so glad that you're on my team. - Thank you. You will be able to do things with him that defy gravity because of how high he can go. - I have someone to lean on. - Happy to be here. I can't believe I'm standing in front of y'all. Shakira. Joel Madden. I still can't believe I'm on team Shakira. I'm very star struck. I pick Kris and C. Perkins, based on the fact they are unique singers and I wanted to see them sing a song that's little bit of an R&B; influence but also has an edge. So I decided to go for the Bruno Mars song, "It Will Rain." - You like this song? - I love this song. Shakira paired me Kris, he is amazing. Never had vocal lessons in my life period. Have to hope he doesn't just blow me away. The song that is outside of my normal element, but it's just enough in my range to where it's not too low but it gives me a lot of room to play around. Kris has a phenomenal voice. Everybody loves a guy that can sing like a girl. Am I right? You said the word whole, did you this inflection with your voice? Keep that. So much pain in the lyrics. Concentrate on how you can express the sentiments. Oh. See, tough watch your pitch on the word floor. And practice that trill on save me. He was too preoccupied trying to get those trills that Kris was doing. We have to work on that and let his true self come out. Carson: C. And Kris meet with Shakira for one final rehearsal. Kris, I want to feel you as if you're really losing someone. That particular phrase is something I nose I'm going to have to work on, because I don't want to impress with runs and high notes because that stuff doesn't impress her. It is all about feeling the music. - So much better this time. - Yeah? You were in the pockets. I could feel a certain innocence in your voice. That's your strength. You just have to work on the final line, because it's not there yet. For that last rain, I don't hear that it's precise yet. I much rather do softer ending... I believe in myself, I can do anything. I doubt myself, comes out like I'm hesitating it. That last line has to be there, if it's not, I could go home. Guys, trust your instincts and I wish you the best of luck. Thanks. Carson: Coming up... Carson: Chris and C. Perkins battle. That was amazing. You guys are excellent. Carson: Will one go home or will there be a steal? Still haven't seen everything either one of you can do. I feel like I will be able to help but you're not on my team. Not yet. Welcome back to the battle round. Enter stage from team Shakira the smooth-singing grocery clerk, C. Perkins. And the R&B; vocalist with the surprising sound, Kris Thomas! This battle begins right now. Carson: That is C. Perkins and Kris Thomas representing team Shakira in the battle rounds. Shakira, off minute have to think about that. - Adam what did you think? - You are excellent singers. One of my favorite things, you were in rehearsals, Kris started to sing and you went, I swear to God, you went like this. You were so amazed by what he did. So I saw you in your eyes, you were like oh. You know, I saw a little bit of that fear in your eyes, came out here and after this battle round, I view you both as equals. It did get a little all over the place and so that's something I think needs to be worked on on both sides, amazing talent and this is not an easy decision. So congratulations to both of you guys. Carson: Blake? There's two things I like individually about both of you. You have this rasp sound that's just so... not very many people have it. But I mean, you have it and you control it, it's very good, man. And you have this very clear, very unique vibratto. Carson: Usher, what did you think? If I were your coach, I would be able to help both of you. - You are not on my team. - Not yet. - Not yet. - Right. Carson: Who would you have picked, Usher? You will see in a minute. Carson: Shakira, final decision is yours. Give me some thoughts. I agree with Blake, I think that they were holding back a little bit. I feel you guys do better in rehearsals. But I do have to say that I'm so proud of you, C. because you have come a long way, you found your comfort zone, I know it was difficult, but you made it. Chris, I know that you had a record deal and they dropped you and I hope those jerks are watching you now, because you are a talent. And you have a privileged voice. And I love what you have done with this song. You are emoting. You are effortless and I congratulate you for that. I mean, I have to make my decision, right? Carson: Yes, two great singers, Shakira. Who is the winner of this battle? The winner of this battle is... Kris! Carson: Kris Thomas, winner of the Shakira battle round. We will see Kris in the knockout rounds. After having a record deal, losing it, being on this show, this is truly a second chance for me and I'm thankful that I'm here. -So proud of you. -All right. Carson: Let me remind the coaches, C. Perkins is available to steal. Anything you want to say to Shakira? I want to say Shakira, you have helped me out a lot. I remember in the beginning of that song, I was straining a lot and I was just trying to be true to the song and get an emotion and I think I did that today and I really, really, really appreciate that, with everything in my heart. Like I really do. Carson: Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for C. Perkins. Thank you so much. whoa! We got a steal! At the very last second! Usher steals C. Perkins on his way out. Unbelievable. Yeah! I really felt like he has a talent you have yet to see. And I let him sit in it a little bit so he would be reminded what it feels like to not have it so he will never take it for granted. Oh, I can't believe it. Usher just stole me. That was crazy. That was the most epic steal I have ever seen on the show ever. That was a good move, bro. That was... I'm jealous of that move. Could you imagine his, like, his... jaw dropped. Carson: Coming up, more incredible battles. Carson: Excite our coaches. And cause the third steal of the night. We got a steal! Christina: It's Christina Milian. What do you think of the battles so far? Tell us what you think using you #"The Voice" and we might follow you back. More battles in a few. Carson: Welcome back to the battle rounds. As Adam as his adviser, Lady Antebellum's Hillary Scott, meet their next battle pair... - Hey there guys. - Hey there boss. Carson: Look at how the duo got here. Midas Whale from Rexburg, Idaho versus Patrick Dodd from Memphis, Tennessee. Midas Whale came to The Voice hoping to prove their style of music is special. Midas Whale got four chairs to turn. Patrick who place 300 days year on Beale Street in Memphis, inspired by his family. Hard to get here. I'm so proud of him. Carson: And wowed two coaches on "The Voice" stage. Just to keep doing it means you love it. I pick Adam. - Hi, I'm Hillary. - I know who you are. When I saw Hillary Scott from Lady Antebellum, I was like... Hey, guys, Elvis Pressly, Burning Love. Thank you for choosing that song. We love t. You really can't go wrong we will advice. Midas Whale and Patrick Dodd, I put them together because they are in tune with who they are. I picked an he will advice song because I think it will be a fun performance. We harmonize well Patrick. He fits in well, like a little Patrick sandwich. Midas Whale, they are the first duo on Adam's team and does put pressure on me. Think about things that can help differentiate what you guys do so people don't get caught up in the idea you are a duo soul suffer in this part of the competition. A lot duos fail in the battles because one is weaker than the other and we just sing together. You got to hit that full voice I think all the time. All right. 'Cause that's the exclamation point in that chorus. Just the initial rehearsal we have, there were issues but I feel confident we will fix those as we rehearse more. Patrick, how do you feel on the harmony? - On the chorus? - I didn't hear you very well. Okay, I will just project. I think Patrick's going to need to have a presence on stage because he is one person and they are two. Carson: As their battle nears, Midas Whale and Patrick have one last rehearsal with their coach. I walk into the boxing ring, that is the first time it hit that this is a real competition. I think this is not good. I don't want to do it like this. It should be way more unique than that. The song didn't really feel fun. I think maybe like a fast bluegrassy shuffle kind of thing. I was really pleased with Adam's idea to introduce more of a bluegrass feel. It just shows Adam is an expert. - Feels awesome. - Way better. I'm really into this. Gut cutting through well enough... You cut through just fine. Patrick has a commanding tone, needs to make sure he doesn't get overwhelmed by the fact he is battling a talented duo. Getting stronger and stronger. Seemed like Patrick had been working on the song. Not going to like going up against one of the better singers in the whole competition. Trouble digging in that fast. I don't want to wear myself out. I think this needs to be aggressive. If it is tentative it will be boring. One of us go down, we will both go down. I will could go home and practice vocally, I will come in swinging so hard, Patrick wouldn't know what hit him. I'm going to go into this battle with absolutely no idea of what to do. Carson: It is the night of the battle and Midas Whale and Patrick head to the stage. A very important moment for both of us, both had success in folk music and going through the battle round, John and I will have every reason to continue what we are doing. I'm lucky enough to play 300 days a year on Beale Street. If that's not enough to get you ready for something like this, I don't know what will. This is going to be a tough battle for us. We have got to be in tune in time, we got to be singing harmonies tightly. Got a large family at home that are counting on me. They are the passion behind every song that I sing. The truth is all this is for them. Carson: Coming up... Patrick and Midas Whale fight for a spot in at Adam's team in a battle you can't miss. That was so awesome. These what you call a kick ass job. Yeah. Carson: Welcome back to the battle round. Entering the ring from team Adam, it's the lively folk duo, Midas Whale! Versus the rocker from Beale Street, Patrick Dodd! Let the battle begin! Carson: Team Adam, Midas Whale and Patrick Dodd! That was so much fun to watch. Adam what a tough choice you have coming un. See if your coaches can offer any help. - Blank Shelton? - That was so awesome. That was like... That is what you call a kick ass job, man. You surprised the hell out of me tend when you hit that big note. Accident even know you had that in you. Thank you. And Patrick, man, I mean, how do you get that sound? Like he gargles with broken glass or something, you know what I mean? That just sounds so cool. - Thank you. - Usher? Patrick, man that is the kind of voice the world is missing right now, man. Thank you. I hear Bruce Springsteen, the boss, that tone is so rich. Midas Whale, you guys are hilarious but you also are equally talented and I'm happy that the world is able to see your talent unfold. - Thank you very much. - Thank you. Carson: Shakira? You had a special voice, we all know that you have that rasp in your voice and I have a weakness for that kind of voice because you all want what we don't have. I don't know if you have anything else to learn from any of us, you or any of us. Midas Whale, you seem so comfortable on stage. Great to see you guys have fun the way you do, you really enjoy each and every moment of what you're doing. - What it's about, right? - Yeah, man. I wouldn't like to be Adam right now. I wouldn't like to be Adam either. Carson: Adam it is time to be you. Tell us some thoughts on the battle. Midas Whale, you guys are perhaps one of the more charismatic, charming, talented duos I have ever seen perform before. That's the truth, you know? - Thank you. - Thank you very much. Patrick, beyond being a wonderful guy, you are also an exquisite singer. Thank you. Carson: Adam, who is the winner of this battle? - Can we form a trio? - No. Unfortunate decision I don't want to make. The hardest one. The hardest one I've ever had to make, looking a the three brilliantly talented vocalists. Carson: It seems like you could say one name or the other. I want to throw up right now. The winner of this battle round... the winner of this battle is... Carson: You can download the winners' full versions of tonight's battle performances on iTunes. Carson: Welcome back to the battle rounds. Before the break, Midas Whale and Patrick Dodd delivered an unforgettable performance. That's what you call a kick ass job, man. Carson: Now, their coach faces a tough decision. In my four seasons, this is the hardest one I ever had to make, I'm looking the three brilliantly talented vocalists. Carson: It seems you could say one name or the other. I want to throw up right now. I'm going to do what I can to help all three of you. I think that the winner of this battle round, because of just the utter uniqueness and strangeness, the winner of this battle is Midas Whale. Carson: Midas Whale wins the battle of team Adam in an agonizing decision for coach Adam Levine. Congratulations, Midas Whale. Midas Whale are just incredibly charismatic duo. Don't really think that there's ever been anything quite like what they are. I think Midas Whale is tremendous. I'm really sad and happy, bittersweet. So close to Patrick in this moment, all I feel is a mix of success plus loss. Audience: Steal. Patrick what would you to say to Adam? I just thank you so much for the things that you said, not so much about my voice and my singing, but on a personal level. That's what's important to me. I know that. I know. Carson: Patrick Dodd, everybody. Give him a round of applause for his excellent time on our show, - "The Voice." - Good luck to you. I think Patrick definitely has a career but use one of my steals, I got one left, so I'm really picky right now. I wish I could have stolen Patrick. I don't want to see him leave. He is incredible. Patrick is a special person. Someone that has the energy. You know they are going to have. Every once in a while, you meet someone you feel connected to. Give me a hug. That was like the worst thing. I don't like to make those decisions. Guys, you're gonna be fine. An incredible talent. Carson: While Usher and Pharrell Williams meet their next battle pair... - How are you feeling? - All right. Carson: Let's look at the match-up. 24-year-old Orlando Dixon from Washington, D.C. versus 31-year-old Ryan Innes from Provo, Utah. Berkley school of music graduate, Orlando Dixon, came to "The Voice" for a chance to give back to his family. I just want to give my mom a house. His performance of Ne-Yo's "so sick"... Earned a last-second button push by Usher. Man, you get to work with Usher. This is my idol. Ryan Innes found music after a failed engagement. I feel like I got the rug pulled out from under me. During the blind auditions... His soulful sound turned all four coaches' chairs. - Woo! - But Usher won him over. You shook this entire room, man. 'Cause that's soul music. I pick Usher. - How you doin', fellas? - Doin' all right. Good. I see you got your blues brothers' hat. Swag. You know what I'm saying? I'm lovin' it. When I saw Usher and Pharrell sitting there, I kind of had a little bit of an out-of-body experience. You guys both have such great opportunities right now. But there's something that each of you could teach each other. I paired Orlando and Ryan. They had two different ends of the spectrum, you know? One was soulful. One more technical. But I feel like they would push each other. The song that I selected, "Ain't No Sunshine" by Bill Withers, was all about the depth and the essence of pain. Make us believe that you really lost her. And that's when you know you will have found yourself. Ryan is amazing. He's very connected to what he sings, and I'm not gonna lie. I feel like I could be the underdog. If you're gonna go with technique, then fully commit. I didn't feel like you fully committed. - You got to make us believe. - Yeah. And you, I think it's the complete opposite. I think every time you sing, the line isn't technical at all, but I just believed, man. I could just feel your pain. But now I want to push you. The thing that I was lacking a little bit was the technicality of singing. I'm gonna work on that. With the challenge of his battle fresh in mind, Orlando sits down with Usher and Pharrell for additional advice. - Beatnik, what's up? - Can I be candid with you? You sure can. Your voice is incredible. But it is your shield. You hide behind your voice. All that pain. All the stuff that you feel like you've gone through. Right when you think we see it, you cut us off and you hide behind a run. - Don't hide it, bro. - I'm struggling. I'm broke. My family's struggling. Well, I got to show them that this'll better their life. And that's why I'm here. So I hear you. I'm taking it in. It's all right. The only way you're gonna get to it is if you're connecting to the source. That is you. That's your commitment. Be great, man. One of the things that I took away from that conversation was that being the best that I can be means that I'm gonna have to take this veil down and not hide behind what I can do musically, but really commit to what I'm singing. That was a life-changing moment. With their battle near, Orlando and Ryan have one last rehearsal with their coach. Orlando, I see a 100% turnaround, an improvement. I think that that conversation that we had was really helpful. I think, with Ryan, one note can really sell an entire performance. That's the power that he has. You two are going to make it really hard for me. There's also an opportunity that, you know, one of the other coaches will scoop you up. So represent yourself well. Carson: Coming up, two of Usher's most powerful artists go head to head. The night's most epic battle! Carson: Welcome back to the battle rounds. Everything's been building to tonight's battle. And Orlando and Ryan are about to go head to head. This is the most important performance my life. I want to take care of my mom and take care of my sister. This this more than just a singing battle starks bat for me to show them that dreams are possible. I have been through quite a bit to get here as an artist. My journey started with a really huge moment of heart break and that moment will allow me to fully tap into the message of this song. Usher is my idol and just want to make Usher proud by going out there and doing my absolute best. This is the biggest moment of my singing career around if I want to continue forward, I have got to win this tonight. Carson: Who will win from team Usher? Will it be the classically trained vocalist or Orlando Dixon? Or the soulful lounge singer, Ryan Innes? Let the battle begin. Team Usher, baby! Carson: Usher, you got to pick one that's crazy. Shakira, what did you think of that? That was awesome. It was so interesting to see you, Orlando, take this R&B; approach. He has an amazing control of his instrument. Ryan, you poured your soul into this song. Carson: Who would you pick, Shakira? I don't know. I can't. Sometimes a girl can't, you know? I'll pick one. Carson: Adam's not shy. Adam will tell us. You know, you are both exceptional talent, but Orlando, you have been a revelation today. If I didn't believe before, I believe now. Carson: Blake Shelton? The thing I love about Ryan, he is just a man's man up there you know what I mean? And I'm like, stylistically, Ryan would be my guy. Carson: Usher, think out loud for a second. I can see you're agonizing over this decision. What very gotten yourself into? Adam: Are you talking to yourself? You told me to speak out loud. Random thoughts, you know? Orlando, you are much more technical of a performer and an artist and a singer. You moved the room with your voice the moment that they heard it Ryan, a simple note from you, because of the fact that you are a man's man. When you sing with that type of conviction, I believe you, and the women believe you. The guys are okay with being vulnerable just in that moment. That was well said. I like that. Carson: Are we any closer to getting a winner? - You telling me to shut up? - Carson: Not at all. You're Usher. I would never say that. But I do need to know who is the winner of this battle, Usher? Come on, Usher, gimme the winner. He's meditating. She just gave birth, she knows this process. The winner... ... of this battle... is going to be very happy when I decide to make my decision. Adam: Oh, my gosh. That was good. The winner of this battle is... Ryan Innes. Carson: Ryan Innes, winner! Congratulations. You are moving on to the knockout rounds. Ryan Innes is powerful. I think that he is going to be able to move people with that conviction and that depth. My dream's still alive. Got a chance to do it, I get to do it with the coach that I want. Couldn't be any more perfect. Carson: Coaches, let remind you Orlando Dixon is available to steal. Orlando, is there anything that you would like to say to your coach? Thank you so much for all you've invested in me. I have had an incredible experience. I thank you so much for your time. Carson: We got a steal! Can't just let him walk out of this building. Adam, thank you. Listen, you know what you are an exceptional talent. I couldn't allow you to walk off this stage and go home right now you need to be here. Thank you so much. I thought I was going home. - Thank you. - I got ya. I'm so excited for Adam to push any a different direction. Thank you, Adam. Yes! I think it was hard for Usher to decide because he knew someone was going to get stolen. My steal is Orlando Dixon. Anybody that want that bad always has a chance of wing. Down credible things with him. - He's crazy good. - Yeah. Orlando, I really do believe talent, I believe the capabilities, so I'm really happy that Adam took him. Carson: As night three of the battles ends, here's where the teams stand... Blake picked 17 year-old country artist, Savannah Berry, and stole aspiring pop singer, Luke Edgemon, from team Shakira. Adam chose indie/folk duo, Midas Whale, and stole R&B; artist, Orlando Dixon from team Usher. Shakira picked latin pop artist, Monique Abbadie, and powerhouse vocalist, Kris Thomas. And Usher chose emotional R&B; artist, Vedo, soulful singer, Ryan Innes, and finally stole an artist, R&B; vocalist, C. Perkins, from team Shakira. - sync by Zac - www.addicted.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 