The Voice: Season 4, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Voice 
 s4e8 - The Battles Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Voice (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 8 - The Battles Part 2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Carson: Last night, the battle rounds began. It was a night of intense performances. An epic battle. Carson: Agonizing decisions. I should never take this job. - Can i keept both? - That's not a option. The best I have ever seen on this show. Carson: Because only one can move on. The winner of this battle is Amber. I can't let you go, Garrett. I have to go with you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Holly. Jess. Swon Brothers. Judith. Carson: Some artists experienced an incredible twist of fate. Taylor is available for a steal. I like Taylor. Carson: Keeping their dream alive. Blake pretty much saved my life. I'm so excited to still be here. Carson: We have got steals all the way around. -Come to me! -I'm got go with Shakira. Options to steal other artists definitely upped the stakes. This is when things get really interesting. Carson: Tonight, our coaches send 12 more artists into battle. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I stockpiled myself. I want to win this war. - What's funny? - Nothing. This is funny to you? Carson: They've been trained by our four superstar coaches and their trusted advisers: Sheryl Crow, Joel Madden, Hillary Scott and Pharrell Williams. Each artist will fight hard to stay in the competition. I'm expecting fireworks out of this battle round. Carson: And our coaches will give some of them a second chance at winning it all. I've got my eyes on people. You have lost the battle but not lost the war. - I hit my buton first. - No, wait, wait, wait, wait. Carson: The battle rounds continue right now. While Adam and his adviser, Lady Antebellum's Hillary Scott, - prepare for their next pairing... - What's up, fellas? Carson: Let's look at how these artists got here. 43-year-old Michael Austin from California versus 31-year-old Warren Stone from South Carolina. Deputy sheriff Michael's big country blind addition inspired both Adam and Shakira to push their butons. First of all, stupid. The thing about what you do is you know who you are. I'm gonna pick Adam today. Carson: Single dad and firefighter, Warren's dream, came closer to reality. When three chairs turned. I know you're going to be a huge country star. I'm going to have to pick Adam. Carson: The country singer surprised everyone by picking Adam as his coach. My dream has come true. Finally did it. - I know you two know who Hillary is. - Absolutely. Hillary Scott that blew me away. It made me feel great to have a big name in country music. First of all, awesome, you guys are fire department, police department. Yes. Michael Austin, Warren Stone, occupy the male country singer section of my team. I'm definitely outside my normal comfort zone. I think as a coach and artist, I have to challenge myself. Go ahead, man. You guys claim you are first on the scene all time anyway. Here we go. The battle will be an understatement. All right. Let's do it. I picked Jason Aldean "My Kind of Party," gives them a great opportunity to sing a song big in their world but opportunity that speaks to everybody. Warren? A little bit. He has a real smooth town tone to him and sometimes it's hard for me to soften up. Michael, off very gruff kind of aggressive tone. Warren, I don't want you to try to match that, you have a different thing. You didn't attack with the same volume, I think you can run into trouble if you don't make that a little bit more consistent. Okay. When you hop up on that harmony, it just lifts it and the showcasing it would be my tip. Adam and Hillary told me I was falling off and losing the potency of everything. And quite frankly, it makes me nervous. Michael, I hear sometimes in your high register, got to warm it up a little bit sing it up a couple times before you go through I just had a tumor removed in my sinus canal. - How are you feel? - I feel fantastic. I'm glad you're okay, bro. Me, too. Any time you have surgery with your nose, your septum, your throat, it affects everything. So it will be a challenge for him to relearn how to sing in certain ways, but I also want him to try to refine his craft a little bit so it can compete with the smooth tone that Warren has. Carson: With one day left before their battle, Michael and Warren meet with their coach for a final rehearsal. Okay. So here's the deal, country music is all pocket. Sometimes I feel like you fall off a little bit rhythmically. Warren, end of skynard and old Hank, - Really finish those lines. - Okay. I have got to figure out what I have to do to make these problems go away. I know I can sing. I know I can do this. It is just getting my nerves together and just getting into my comfort zone. Even within the country context, they are both very different and it's good, 'cause there's really only one spot, I think, on my team for that guy. Whoever walks away from this battle is going to walk away with the bragging rights for quite a while. Carson: The next day, Michael and Warren arrive at the stage ready for battle. I can't go home tonight. I'm doing this to show my kids you got to put your best foot forward. So I'm just going to give it 110% and show Adam there is a reason why he picked me. I've been beaten, bruised and bloodied. Winning this battle would be an honorable way to leave the sheriff's department and I'm ready to step on the next chapter of my life. Carson: Entering right now, the sheriff's deputy and Vegas performer, Michael Austin! Versus the firefighter and single dad, Warren Stone! The battle starts right now. That is Warren and Michael. Blake Shelton what did you think? Michael, watching him come into the ring it is almost like stone cold Michael Austin. Yeah, man, like a wrestling match. I thought y'all were gonna take your chain off and start beatin' the crap out of each other. Michael, you sing like you've really captured the ensense of that outlaw Aldean thing. Warren is more smoother where Michael is rough around the edges. Both of them work. Carson: Who would you pick? Michael. Carson: Usher, what do you think? The confidence of being a firefighter and a Sherry. Michael, you came out on the stage, I'm here to do this Warren, in terms of the energy, I felt like you made it very young and almost gave a country swag in a way. The women are a testament to that every time you made a move... I would have to lean more toward Warren. - Thank you, sir. - Shakira, what did you think? I feel that you had a blast, Michael, and you exuded confidence and that is always sexy and refreshing. I think I like them both equally. Thank you for that. Carson: All right, Adam, you have the final decision to make. Michael just got out of surgery, sounded awesome. Thank you so much. Warren, you kept up with Michael, more of his kind of thing. You can't be a good coach unless you learn. Blake give me good insight, within the genre, a lot of differences amongst country singers, you both come totally different places within the realm of the country. Carson: But who is the winner of the battle? I thought you both did an incredible job. Looking to the future, I believe that because of the diversity that exists with your voice, the winner of this battle is Warren! Carson: Warren Stone wins team Adam's battle round. Congratulations. I'm blown away right now. Man this is amazing. - How did I do? - Great. Carson: Coaches, let me remind you, Michael Austin is available to steal. Michael, what do you have to say to your coach, Adam Levine? I'm huge fan and you're a great person and... So are you. - That is what's important to me. - Thank you, buddy. Thank you. Carson: Michael Austin, everybody. They are both totally different. The wind was blowing a different direction on that one, I could have gone with Michael. I just think it was just a moment. Take care. I'm bummed just to go home and say I got beat by a firefighter this time, but I have the greatest support group - on the face of the planet. - Great job. Thanks, mama. I love that guy. I actually gave that battle to Michael and I just didn't hear anything that I would want to use my last steal for. Such a good guy. Carson: Coming up, Usher's first battle of the night and he is taking it seriously. What's funny? I really didn't think it was great at all. And it is laughing. Carson: And later... More incredible performances. Carson: Have our coaches fighting for a steal. I got to have you. You lost the battle but definitely not lost the war. I 100% get you, I understand you. I'm willing to set myself on fire. That's my line. Carson: Welcome back to the battles round. Let's head over to Usher and his adviser, grammy-winning producer, Pharrell Williams. I decided to bring Pharrell Williams in because he has produced, written and even performed a lot of the different genres in music. You got a team here at the squad. Being able to have two different opinions and two different approaches, it will be great. Stay ready, ain't got to get ready. Carson: Let's meet Usher's first battle pairing of the night. 28-year-old Jeff Lewis from Dallas, Texas, versus 27-year-old Josiah Halley from Fort Smith, Arkansas. Jeff came to the odd disks after losing his record deal. I was lunchy enough to sign with Interscope Records but new music never got released. Now, I'm working at a golf course. Carson: He took a risk singing "Usher's you got it bad" - then picked him as his coach. - I'm not going to say it will - be easy, say how it is. - I got to go with my man, Usher. Carson: Josiah turned three chairs with his version of Maroon 5's "Sunday Morning" And picked Usher as his coach. If you want to choose truth should be on my team. Have to go with Usher. Carson: Now Jeff and Josiah rehearse with Usher and his adviser, grammy award-winning producer, Pharrell Williams. This is going to be insane. Working with guys who know what he is doing. All right. You ready to do battle? I paired Jeff and josiah, they are both confident. Whoever remains confident and connected, that is the person who is going to take it. I picked a mean one for u? A classic. The song that I selected, "Roxanne" by Police is all about emotion. You really have to believe what you're saying. Josiah's very comfortable in his skin. He's a model. He's accustomed to selling a product, but that's not what we're doing there. The element of mystique is what makes a song like this - incredible because it's a story. - You gotta make us believe you went to place you'd never been before and you fell in love with someone and was like, you know what? Come home with daddy. Why you doing this? You ain't got to do that. You gotta make me believe that. The one thing that's gonna make all the difference is gonna be conviction, 'cause when you're signing with conviction, you're going to be telling a story correctly. I don't know how familiar Jeff is with this song. I think that it was a bit of a reach for him. Stop. Stop. I want you to let that ring... Got ya. Jeff has to just make a small adjustment to be great. And because he's been an artist before, there's the experience in knowing how to do it. Announcer: After a day to reflect on their first rehearsal, Jeff and Josiah meet with Usher for a final run-through before their battle. What's funny? I... nothing. - Why you smiling? - I... no reason. - This is funny to you? - Not at all. After his first run-through, I really didn't think it great at all. And here he is laughing. This a battle. You got take this serious, man. I know I'm better than what I put forward today. And I think Usher knows that and that's just why he's, you know, so hard on me. Josiah, great technique. Actually hear that you put a lot of personality, even in your second verse. Thanks, man. It's great that Usher was happy with me, but it still doesn't let off any of the pressure. I want to try an exercise. You got one mic. This time, you're going to have to fight a little bit more for this mic. I need you to let go. She still watching you, right now. She's watching you, right now. Stay in. You can't teach a person to be a star. All I'm doing here is hopefully unlocking things that are naturally there so that they will recognize it and hold onto it. Carson: Welcome back to the battle round. All right, here we go. Battle now, from team Usher, the singer/songwriter, Jeff Lewis! Versus the model with the smooth voice, Josiah Hawley! This battle begins right now. Carson: Usher, I will give you a few minutes to think about it. Shakira, what did you think of that battle? The audience seemed to love it. I tell you what, I think the song difficult song. I think it is one of the most unique singers in the history of pop music. I could tell that there's undeniable talent here, but I wasn't impressed. Maybe another choice of song would have helped you a little more. What Shakira said, it did fall flat a little bit there seemed to be a little too much going on, maybe you both were over singing a little bit. I would probably choose Josiah as the winner of the battle. You think it was too bad. I actually enjoyed it. I think it did what battle rounds are designed to do separate the two of you. Josiah, he looks like a rock star. He boros one of Adam's t-shirts, just got that thing. But for me, vocally, I got to give this to Jeff. Carson: Okay, thanks, Blake. Coach Usher, give me some thoughts. I first want to applaud both of you for the hard work that you put into preparation for this. There were times when it was a little bit much, but this is just ultimately about performing and that's the main note I think I gave both of you. And a lot of it has to do with telling a story, a mystique. It is really an emotional song. You really have to feel the pain. Smiles don't necessarily go with this song as much. But I think the girls liked it in that way. Carson: A tough choice but Usher, who is the winner of this battle? Oh, man. The winner of this battle is Josiah! Josiah Haully moving on, representing team Usher in the knockout round. Congratulations to Josiah. I'm so pumped. I get to keep learning, keep growing. I'm stoked. Carson: Jeff is available for steal. What to you would you like to say to Usher? Thank you so much for picking in the first place. Seriously honored to be on this team. Carson: Thank you, Jeff. We will see you soon, pal. A tough decision for me, both possessed a great deal of confidence and I felt like Josiah locked into the mystique and rose to the occasion. Congratulations. I'm so excited. He did just a fabulous job. Amazing always having her by my side. Yep. Always supportive. Carson: Josiah isn't the only one moving on to the knockout. Blake paired country artist Grace Askew against pop singer Trevor Davis. Grace has so much personality and made it feel like that was the right way to do it. The winner of this battle is Grace. Carson: Usher paired former model Audrey Karrasch against R&B; singer, Jamila Thompson. A hard decision, because there's phone information both of you. But the winner of this battle is Audrey. I look at the show, I'm like, wow, this is incredible. I'm enjoying it. I understand why it's number one. Carson: And for team Shakira, Nashville veteran, Tawnya Reynolds, faced off against pop rocker, Mark Andrew. Tawnya, you are so original to me. Mark, I think your voice is spectacular. I'm gonna have to pick Tawnya. Carson: Tawnya Reynolds, the winner! You can download the winners' full versions of tonight's battle performances on iTunes. Carson: Coming up, Blake prepares his youngest team members for battle. You can keep your hands to your side a little bit more. - Okay. - Just kidding. Sometimes I kind of feel like a natural coach trying to get these kids pumped up for the big game. Carson: And later, the race to steal an artist. Whoa! Can I say something? Carson: Welcome back to the battle rounds. Now let's head to Blake and his adviser, nine-time grammy winning adviser, Cheryl Crow. As they get settled, here is a look at how this battle pair got here. Announcer: 18-year-old Caroline glaser from St. Louis Missouri versus 16-year-old Danielle Bradbery from Cypress, Texas. Announcer: During the blind auditions, indie artist Caroline went from coffee shop open mics to "The Voice" stage. Announcer: Her unique sound turned two chairs. You came out here and completely blew my mind. I think I'm going to go with team Blake. Announcer: And made Blake's day. While country signing high school student, Danielle Bradbery, broke out of her shell to audition. Being on "The Voice" would be my first time in the spotlight. Announcer: She came alive on stage and turned three chairs. I want to be the guy that introduces you to Nashville. My heart goes out to Blake. Oh, my God. Good to see you again, sweetie. - This is Sheryl Crow. - Hi, how are you? I was really nervous. I've never had a signing lesson and my first one with these two big stars. It was a little bit... Overwhelming. I can tell you're both a little bit nervous. - I know. - I'm like shaking. I paired Caroline and Danielle because they're both in a position of not having as much experience as the rest of this team, but with practice it's going to be great. I gave Danielle and Caroline a song called "Put Your Records On" by Corinne Bailey Rae. It's got personality, and I think it plays into the hand of both of these artists. Wow. You're an awesome singer. I mean really powerful. Her voice is... - Perfect. - Yeah, it's unbelievable. I mean, my gosh. It sounded like Blake really liked her voice. It kind of makes me nervous going up against her just because she can really belt big notes. One of the things that struck me about Caroline is that she has a very unique voice. And that really sets you apart in this contest. - It's like my nightmare. - You kind of sing with an accent. And you have this sound that there's nobody else like you, but don't let it restrict you as far as the notes that you can hit. I think for me to win this battle, I have to totally build my confidence and try not to work as hard on my style and more on hitting those notes. It's super sassy, you know, a lot of attitude. The more you own it, the more the audience is going to be... You're really both world-class singers. I want you to have some swag about yourself. I mean, just live and breath this song. Announcer: With their battle drawing near, Caroline and Danielle rehearse one last time with Blake and the band. I mean as far as opening up and not letting your sound interfere with hitting your notes is a lot better. Caroline, in one day, was able to figure out what I was saying, and then make it happen, and that completely impresses me. Hey, Danielle, when you come in on "maybe sometimes" it's like you can't decide if you want to go falsetto or full voice. It needs to be one or the other. Right now, it just sounds like, kind of, a mixture of the two. I'm really nervous. Caroline's working really hard on her part, so that means I need to step it up and work even harder. And if you can keep your hands to your side a little bit more. - Okay. - Just kidding. She's like... Let me make this real simple. All these little nitpicky things that we're talking about, it's all just because you're both so tentative. Can we do it one more time? - Yes. - Yeah. Sometimes, especially when I'm dealing with the young people on my team, I kind of feel like an actual coach, trying to get these kids pumped up for the big game. Hell, yes! They need that little extra boast of confidence sometimes. It's just fun and it's not this and being nervous. The scariest part of this show is these battle rounds, but one of y'all is going to win this thing, and it's going to be whichever one of you has the most confidence. Blake pretty much just flat out said exactly what we need to do to win. As of right now, it really is 50/50. So I just have to let loose and be myself, and I have to work really hard. Y'all promise you'll just go practice the crap of it? Yes. Carson: With the battle moments away, Caroline and Danielle get ready to take the stage. Absolutely heartbreaking another if I don't whip this battle. I'm not ready to go back to the coffee shop. I want to continue to get coaching from Blake Shelton. I don't want to go home now. I just would really have to give it all I got. I just need to try not to sound weak, because I know she really does have a powerful voice. I think I deserve to be here because I do have a unique tone. I can sing my heart out. I can win this thing. I'm going to show Blake something he has never seen before and really wow him tonight. Carson: Coming up... The battle for a spot on team Blake Carson: Ends in an agonizing decision. Mister, going to be a tough one. It sucks right now. Carson: And one artist finds a new home. Wow! We have two steals. Carson: Welcome back to the battle round. Right now, from team Blake, the indie singer/songwriter, Caroline Glaser. Battling the youngest artist in this competition, Danielle Bradbery! The battle starts right now. Carson: That is Caroline and Danielle representing team Blake in the battle round. Usher, give me some thoughts on this bat round. Oh, man, you guys both came out very confident much toward the middle of it I felt like at harmonies were a little shaky. It happens. And then you came together at the end with that harmony, which made me feel good I'm really looking forward to who he is going to pick. Carson: Thank you, Usher. Shakira, what did you think? Your ice cream is as refreshing as tangerine ice cream. I have never had tangerine ice cream. - That sounds good. - It is good. This is not a cooking show! I'm impressed by the uniqueness of your voice, Caroline, and by the juxtaposition between the lack of experience that you have and your enormous talent. Mister, going to be a tough one. I was saying at the beginning, I wanted you on my team I lost to you Blake. Now, Caroline, I'm an imbecile, I actually caught it on TV and saw myself not turning around and saying, what is wrong with you? You idiot. And while I feel like Danielle's performance was maybe more perfect, Caroline, is there something so ethereal and magical about your voice. I'm happy I discovered it before it's potentially too late. Carson: Nice praise for Caroline from Adam. Now all comes down to you, coach Blake Shelton. It is complicated. Because Caroline, you would never be in this type of situation as an artist. This is not what you do, you're a singer/songwriter but still, you manage to find some way to shine. Danielle, I don't know what your parents are feeding you, but I want a big loaf of that, because your natural singing ability blows my mind. I really put two artists together that have no business being together. And that's my mistake. It suggestion rig it sucks right now. Carson: It does, Blake. Who is the winner of this battle? Knowing what I want to do moving forward, the winner of this battle is Danielle. Carson: Danielle Bradbery, winner of this battle round for team Blake. Congratulations. - Thank you. - Congratulations. My God, performing, I was really nervous and excited at the same time. I thought I couldn't do it. And I believe I can. Carson: Caroline Glaser, center stage is available to steal. Whoa! We've got two steals. Usher's in on Caroline Glaser. Adam. Whoa. Wait! Carson: Welcome back to The Voice. Carson: Before the break, Caroline and Danielle fought for a spot on team Blake. The winner of this battle is Danielle. Carson: But it was far from over for Caroline. Whoa! We've got two steals! Now, Caroline faces a tough decision. Let's start with Adam. You were champing at the bit. I hit my button first. - No. - Whoa. Wait! - I hit my buton first. - I was going to say something. - I was so excited about this... - Me, too. I had a chance to... Caroline, what you do just astonishes me. I don't know why I didn't cop to it earlier, but I can promise you that I will do everything in my power to make that up to you if you come to my team. Man, I got to have you. You lost the battle but you definitely have not lost the war and I want you. Carson: Usher, why is it about Caroline? Why did you come in so quick and want her on your team now? Gusher. Carson: You are gushing over her, why? I love your voice, your folks I know what I can do with you. I understand who you are. I feel like I can teach you so much. I am willing to set myself on fire. - I said that already. - You said it, I meant it. I do have to share this moment with Adam and you have to make a decision because, from experience, I'm gonna be able to show you and really begin to build a career. And I really want to be a part of it. I really feel like I'm your guy. Can I say something as an ex-coach. Caroline is a singer/songwriter that's very important to her. Which one of can you coach her as that type of an artist? Funny you should mention that, Blake A lot of people say he is just an R&B; artist, a pop artist, I understand music and culture so many different ways, I can introduce things to you and I feel like I'm your guy. I am a singer/songwriter, too. We all r. You know what I spend a lot of time in coffee houses playing in front of four people. I truly believe that we are a wonderful fit. I really do with all my heart, I do. Carson: Well, there you have it. Caroline, the moment is now yours. Who's going to be your new coach? Thank you so much for everything you guys said. This is like an amazing moment. I was not prepared for this at all. But... oh, my God this is so hard. My heart is telling me to go with Adam. Carson: Adam Levine steals Caroline Glaser away from Blake Shelton. Thank you. I'm really a little bit afraid of the combination of Adam and Caroline. Adam probably has more understanding of the singer/songwriter-type thing. There is no telling how far they can go. I was about to have a heart attack. Oh, man. Honestly, I think I 100% put it out there and I gave it my best shot. I even stole one of Adam's lines. It didn't pan out for me. I did not expect any of that to happen. I'm in absolute shock right now, I'm on Adam Levine's team. I'm sorry. Oh, my heart. Carson: After night two of the battles, here's where the teams stand. Shakira picked Nashville veteran, Tawnya Reynolds. Usher chose two aspiring pop singers, Josiah Hawley and Audrey Karrasch. Blake picked Grace Askew and 16-year-old Danielle Bradbell. And adam decided on country-singing firefighter Warren Stone and stole Caroline Glaser from team blake. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 