The Voice: Season 17, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Voice 
 s17e11 - The Battles, Part 5; The Knockouts Premiere - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Voice (2011–…): Season 17, Episode 11 - The Battles, Part 5; The Knockouts Premiere - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  . Last day of battles.  I'm winning. Man: Okay, here we go.  30 seconds out. Give it up for our coaches!  Here's Kelly Clarkson! [ Cheers and applause ] Haldenvang: I've been playing  music since I was 11 or 12, but this is the biggest  performance of my life so far. Daly: Gwen Stefani! Caroline: Gwen is the only one  that turned for me, and I hope to prove  I can really rock the stage and that I've got it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Daly: John Legend! Blake: Guess who is the only one  with a steal left. Daly: And Blake Shelton! The battle starts right now. Let's check in with Gwen  and her adviser, Will.i.am, as they prepare the first  battle pairing of the night. Thanks for doing this. Thank you.  This is awesome. I feel like we have  the same love for taking genres and blending them together,  so it's gonna be fun. Here we go. I'm so excited. Hi.  ♪ Dun-dun-dah-dah ♪ [ Chuckles ]  Oh, my God. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Will.i.am. My God! Will.i.am's head turns, and I'm just like, "Oh, my God!" I love your hair. Oh, my God. He's so cool, so to even be in the same room as him  is just crazy. This is a dream  come true. For me, too. I can't believe I'm  back on "The Voice," you guys. This is so amazing. Whoo.  And Will's here. I know. We went on tour together,  like -- 2000.  You weren't born yet. It was just like...  [ Laughter ] For real. Yeah, 2000. Gwen: I put Caroline and Jake  together. They're the rockers on my team. ♪ But whatchu,  whatchu, whatchu ♪ You don't hear a voice like Jake  these days. Like, Jake has a voice from the '70s or '80s in a rock band. You perform with your dad,  too, right? Yeah. When I was 13,  we started a band together and started touring  through the Southeast. Oh, wow.  Isn't that crazy? That's beautiful.  Yeah. It's really cool. Then I started my own thing  when I was like 16. You have a lot of character  in your voice. That's why I turned, 'cause  that's what I'm looking for -- is unique personality. That's why I picked you. Oh, yes!  [ Chuckles ] I love that.  You're so sweet. And you're 16? I am. Wow. Wait till you hear how  she sings. You're gonna  be like, "What?" Caroline is so far along  for a 16-year-old. ♪ Don't you want somebody  to love? ♪ I wanted a young girl that I could share  my experiences with.  Yes! Dreams do come true  on "The Voice"! She loves, like, '70s and '80s  rock music, and so do I, so it's just meant to be. Caroline: I wanted Gwen. She started when she was  around my age, so for her to give me her last  spot was out of this world. What got you into  classic rock? I started taking guitar lessons  when I was like 12 years old. And so, after that, I started  getting into bands. Right now, I have a duo. I'm really honored  to be your coach, and I think this is a good song  for both of you guys. I wanted to do something  that has a rock kind of personality  to it, but is a little bit  more current. ♪ I think I'll get  outta here ♪ Gwen gave us  "Just Like a Pill" by P!nk. ♪ Just as fast as I can ♪ It's definitely gonna be  an interesting challenge. ♪ To the middle of nowhere ♪ I haven't sang a pop song  like this, and I'm paired with  Caroline Reilly -- ♪ And I swear ♪ ...who's a bad mamma-jamma  of a vocalist. [ Chuckles ] You're very comfortable  emotionally. At your age,  it's like, "What?" Like... Thank you so much. But it kind of  goes in and out, so whatever insecurities  and nervousness you have, just -- Pshew! If you can do that, more of your  personality's gonna come out. Yeah. The part where you weren't nervous -- It's like,  "That's my part!"  [ Laughs ] Treat every line with that much conviction. Being 16,  you have lots of doubts. ♪ And I swear ♪ And Jake's got this cool voice that he's been maturing  for years. ♪ ...makin' me better ♪ But you just tell yourself,  "I can do this." ♪ Keep makin' me ill ♪ Wow. That's high.  Whew. Will.i.am: To have, like,  a male register and sit up there in a female register -- I wish my voice was  like that. Thank you so much. It's a rangey song,  and at moments, it was a little bit  like, "Aah." Like, it wasn't  even pitchy, really. It was pushed. Jake just needs help  honing it in a little bit. If he can, in the moment,  hit all those notes, people are gonna be blown away. You have, like, a rose-type of voice. It's thorns, but it's a beautiful flower all at the same time. It's a rare voice. There's a couple of groups that sound like that. Journey is like --  What? Haldenvang: It's overwhelming,  the reaction that I got, and I really need to make sure  that I stick the landing. Rock needs a voice like you  right now. ♪ And makin' me better ♪ I'll record Jake's album  right now, regardless if he wins or loses. This dude is the beep. I got my own bleep machine. ♪ You know you're  makin' me run ♪ It really went another level up,  the whole thing. One minute, I'm on,  "Oh, he's gonna win," then I'm, "No,  she's gonna win," like... We're gonna get to  rehearse again, and one thing that we used to do  when we were in No Doubt is, like, videotape  ourselves. We would sit on the bus  after the show and laughed our heads off  and, like, figure out what looks stupid,  what looks awesome. Just set your phone up,  sing right to it, watch it back, and whatever  makes you cringe, just take that out  of your performance. ♪ Where I can run just as fast as I can ♪ Wow. Feels like  you guys did work. Like, it came  to another level. Thank you. Do you always  have the guitar? Okay. I'd love to  see it without, because it almost looks like  you're backing her up. And going over to you --  this is a TV show, so whatever's happening in your  face is, like, super important. ♪ Where I can run just as fast as I can ♪ This battle with  Caroline and Jake is coming along really well. ♪ ...makin' me better ♪ I don't know  what I'm gonna do. [ Cheers and applause ] Okay, this is you. Oh, I'm so excited  for this. I just have to be in the moment.  I don't... Yes. Just see  what inspires you. Yeah. The battle starts right now. ♪ ♪ ♪ I'm lyin' here ♪ ♪ On the floor  where you left me ♪ ♪ I think I took too much ♪ ♪ I'm crying here ♪ ♪ What have you done? ♪ ♪ I thought it would  be fun ♪ ♪ I can't stay on your life support ♪ ♪ There's a shortage  in the switch ♪ ♪ I can't stay  on your morphine ♪ ♪ 'Cause it's  making me itch ♪ ♪ I said I tried to call  the nurse again ♪ ♪ But she's being  a little witch ♪ ♪ I think I'll get out  of here ♪ ♪ Where I can run just as fast as I can ♪ ♪ To the middle  of nowhere ♪ ♪ To the middle of my frustrated fears ♪ ♪ And I swear ♪ ♪ You're just like  a pill ♪ ♪ Instead of makin'  me better ♪ ♪ You keep makin' me ill ♪ ♪ Keep makin' me ill ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ I haven't moved  from the spot ♪ ♪ Where you left me ♪ ♪ This must be  a bad trip ♪ ♪ All of the other  pills ♪ ♪ They were different ♪ ♪ Maybe I should  get some help ♪ ♪ I can't stay on your life support ♪ ♪ There's a shortage  in the switch ♪ ♪ I can't stay  on your morphine ♪ ♪ 'Cause it's  making me itch ♪ ♪ I said I tried to call  the nurse again ♪ ♪ But she's being  a little witch ♪ ♪ I think I'll get out  of here ♪ ♪ Where I can run  just as fast as I can ♪ ♪ To the middle  of nowhere ♪ ♪ To the middle  of my frustrated fears ♪ ♪ And I swear ♪ ♪ You're just like a pill ♪ ♪ Instead of makin' me better ♪ ♪ You keep makin' me ill ♪ ♪ Keep makin' me ruuuuuun ♪ ♪ You know you're  makin' me run ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] ♪ That is a hard song to cover.  So, well done. Caroline, my favorite part was when your voice broke, and it just was  all passion. That moment is what really is magical about you. Thank you so much. But we don't have anyone like Jake on this show. We don't have anyone like you on the radio 'cause rock is,  like, dead.  I rock. [ Laughter ] Uh-huh. That's what  your mom said. [ Laughter ] I'm just kidding.  You rock. Um, I just think your voice is like Steven Tyler, and I was really impressed by the delivery that you just gave. So, I think I might  go with Jake. [ Applause ]  Thank you. Thank you so much. Blake: I don't want to  sell Caroline short on this one because  she's 16 years old, and that song  was a mouthful for anybody, so I'm gonna cast my vote  for Caroline on this one. [ Applause ]  Thank you. Caroline, you already have  so much confidence onstage and so much power  in your voice. Jake, I like how  you do things that are unexpected  all the time. For instance, rock guys  don't do a lot of runs, but you did  some cool runs. So, that's why I think  I would pick Jake. Gwen: Thank you.  Daly: Thank you, Coaches. Alright, Gwen,  what did you think? Well, I'm just really proud  of you guys. I feel like Jake,  you have so much confidence and you have so much  experience. Honestly, today was, like,  the tip of the iceberg of how talented Jake is. And, Caroline,  you're my dream. I've been saying I want to work with a young girl and share my experiences. You're such an incredible singer  that it feels like, "What can I do to help?" This makes it really  challenging. I got Kelly saying Jake.  I got Blake saying Caroline. I have my own feelings. I'm right here, Gwen.  [ Laughter ] Yeah, I'm sorry.  I mean...I forgot your name. [ Laughs ] Your opinion didn't count. [ Laughter ] I'm sorry.  I love you. I love you, John Legend. Alright, Gwen,  are you ready? I'm not ready at all. [ Laughs ] Um, I know I have to  make this decision, and I'm just gonna make it  based on how I feel inspired  right now. The winner  of this battle... is Jake. [ Cheers and applause ] Congratulations, Jake. Congratulations. Thank you so much. It was a really  hard decision for me because I want  both of them desperately. I love you.  Thank you so much. Jake is a very, very talented  singer and very unusual. Great job, Jake. Thanks, man. I had to go with Jake. [ Laughing ] Oh, my God. I'm going to the knockouts. Ah! I don't even know.  [ Laughs ] I didn't really forget  your name, John Legend. [ Laughing ] I know. I was just flustered 'cause I  really didn't know what to do. You almost said  "Adam"? [ Laughs ] Daly: Coming up... ♪ I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend ♪ Daly: ...the final battle  performances wow our coaches. ♪ Yeah ♪  Okay! Can y'all do that  one more time? Sure, let's go. And later, one of the biggest  names in music, Taylor Swift -- God. My heart  right now is... ...joins our coaches  for the knockouts. It is, like, code freak-out. Whoa. It's just a flawless  vocal performance. You morph into  a superhero. Oh, my goodness! ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back. We got four chairs. That's an eight-chair  turn. Eight-chair turn. We've got Mendeleyev,  and we have Preston. I paired them because they were  the only baritones on my team. Preston is a young guy.  He's 15. He's from Miami. He kind of has like  a Michael Bublé feel, like, that deeper,  crooner voice. Preston: Before I auditioned, I was a regular sophomore  in high school. Just because I'm 15 doesn't mean  I'm, like, not serious. I think one of the biggest  performances for me was I sang at the U.S. Open. It was an amazing experience. At the blind audition, when  I was about to walk off stage, I was so nervous. I sort of feel like  I blacked out a little bit. ♪ Dream a little dream of me ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] Yeah.  What?! You didn't look like your voice  was coming out of your body. Preston:  To be here is, like, a dream, but right when I get back home, I'm getting my permit  'cause I want to drive so bad. And then Mendeleyev grew up  in Santa Barbara. His parents are hippies. Mendeleyev: I grew up in  the mountains of Santa Barbara. Had a wonderful,  wonderful upbringing, but when I was in high school,  my house burned down. I lost everything I had ever  owned in my entire life. The property  is still a place go to to do what I need to express. ♪ Where the rivers freeze ♪ At the blinds,  I was pretty blown away. I did not expect to get  a four-chair turn. That's a big plus. You ready? I'm right behind you,  buddy. John:  Preston, Mendeleyev. Oh, my God. Usher. What's up? Usher:  What's up, guys? We got the best coach mentor  you could possibly have. -How you guys doing, man?  -Wow, man. Hey. He won "The Voice"  last time he was here. Nice to meet you. Preston: Seeing Usher  right next to John Legend -- my mind, like, went,  like, crazy. Like, I was like, "What?" Both of you kind of have  a lower voice, and in Preston, we've seen  standards in that range, and then, Mendeleyev, you're  singing more kind of folky, singer-songwriter stuff.  Mm-hmm. I feel like "Fire and Rain"  by James Taylor is, like, a good place to meet.  Totally. And that's why I picked you two  to do this song. ♪ I just can't remember  who to send it to ♪ Usher: Preston is far beyond his years. ♪ I've seen fire and I've seen rain ♪ This was not  an easy song for him. He's 15, and he's gonna  continue to develop, and the more he finds his sound  and who he is as a performer, it could really help him  win this whole thing. ♪ I've seen lonely times  when I could not find... ♪ Mendeleyev's voice is very  unique, very deliberate. I felt as though he was more  comfortable with it. What a great job  you both have done. Thanks, man. And what big shoes  to fill. Mm-hmm. Preston: The song is kind of  out of my comfort zone, but I'm really glad because I'm learning a lot more. Your tone sounds  really lovely. My only thing for you  is it sounds wooden -- ♪ I've seen fire  and I've seen rain ♪ It kind of sounds like you're  not talking to the audience. I think that it is making it a personal conversation. Intimacy is  in...to...me...see. In to me see! See into my soul,  see into your soul. [ Laughs ] I mean, I have this thing about being present -- like, magic happens  in those moments, and sometimes it's not holding a phrase longer. Sometimes  it's shortening it. Like, show strength  and sweetness, you know? I want you to throw it off  a little bit more. ♪ I've seen fire  and I've seen rain ♪ And then, Mendeleyev,  you sound confident in it. I think it feels  very straight right now, almost sounds like you're  preaching a little bit. Okay. Brimstone and fire!  [ Chuckles ] And I feel like I want  a little more sweetness at the end  of certain notes. That ending, when I,  like, go hard, that's probably  a little too much, yeah? No.  Unh-unh. I liked it at the end. I thought it was giving me a big Joe Cocker vibe. Okay. [ Laughs ]  Alright. Yeah, no, man. I think it's good to go hard  by that time 'cause you're taking people  on a journey. The end -- I was thinking about going falsetto for that -- ♪ That I'd see you ♪ How about you try it with chest voice? Can you try to sing it quietly  in your chest voice? Yeah. ♪ Thought I'd see you one more time again ♪ Yeah, I prefer that. Yeah. -Alright.  -Yeah, man. Your job is not  to recite James Taylor. Mm, yeah. Your job is to interpret  James Taylor, communicate his song  in your own way and put your own spin  on it.  Yeah. So, we want to feel you. I'm looking  forward to it, man. Yeah, yeah. I caught chills two times, bro. Thank you, thank you,  thank you. John: This battle's  gonna be tough because they have very  different singing styles and part of it's just gonna be  a matter of which style I feel like will be  most successful in the show. You took notes. I didn't take any notes. Oh, yeah. I was just  making eye contact. ♪ Thought I'd see you... ♪ John:  But also, part of it's just  gonna be who executes the best. I want to know that  I can depend on you to deliver  when it's crunch time. Yeah, you really made it freaking hard for yourself. You got two rock stars on the one set, bro. [ Chuckles ] They're like  two keepers, yo. Yeah,  I love both of them.  Like, hot. Daly: Put yourself  in our coaches' chairs. Get the "Voice" official app, play along, and build  your own "Voice" team. ♪ ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ to the battle rounds. Ooh, these are  two four-chairs. Oh, wow. This battle begins right now. ♪ ♪ Just yesterday  morning ♪ ♪ They let me know  you were gone ♪ ♪ Suzanne, the plans they made  put an end to you ♪ ♪ I walked out  this morning ♪ ♪ And I wrote down  this song ♪ ♪ I just can't remember  who to send it to ♪ ♪ I've seen fire and I've seen rain ♪ ♪ I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end ♪ ♪ I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend ♪ Yeah! ♪ But I always thought  that I'd see you again ♪ ♪ Won't you look down  upon me, Jesus? ♪ ♪ You got to help me  make a stand ♪ ♪ You've just got to see me  through another day ♪ ♪ My body's aching and my time is at hand ♪ ♪ I'm not gonna make it  any other ♪ ♪ Way ♪ ♪ Oh, I've seen fire  and I've seen rain ♪ ♪ I've seen sunny days that  I thought would never end ♪ ♪ I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ But I always thought  that I'd see you again ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ I've seen fire  and I've seen rain ♪ ♪ I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end ♪ ♪ I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend ♪ ♪ But I always thought  that I'd see you again ♪ ♪ Thought I'd see you  one more time again ♪ ♪ Thought I'd see you ♪ ♪ Fire and rain ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] ♪ Whoo! It was really, really pretty,  and I think my favorite bits were when you were actually  singing together, and some of the harmonies  that you were doing when you were flipping from,  like, different parts -- that's really hard to do, and I thought you did  an amazing job. Mendeleyev, I thought  that you had some really interesting choices in  the rhythm of the melodies 'cause it's a little different  than what James Taylor did. Overall, Preston's 15 years old  and your tone is so pretty. I just want to see more what  Preston's gonna do, so I'd go with Preston. Thank you.  Thank you very much. Great job. My man, my man. Mm-hmm. It's hard. Mendeleyev, you have this  amazing bass. You were the one  that sang, like, way low in the blinds,  right? Yes. Like, we were all like,  "What's happening?" Even your laugh, it's like -- [ Low-pitched laugh ] [ Low-pitched laugh ]  [ Laughter ] You really impressed me in the blinds with that. Although, you didn't pick me. That wasn't impressive. [ Laughter ] I was impressed by that. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. But I will say, Preston,  I loved you. I don't care  if you're 15 or 40. You came out here  and did a song that is nothing like the sound you're kind of going -- and you nailed it -- that shows versatility. But, Mendeleyev,  you are a beast. Thank you. [ Applause ]  Thank you. I hit my button  for both of you. Obviously, you're both  four-chair turns. Why John gets them all  is beyond me. [ Laughter ] And I fought hard for you,  Preston, in the blinds. I just feel like there's  something about you and your voice, so I'd go with  Preston on this one. Okay. Daly: Thank you, Coaches. Alright, John, you got the final  decision here, buddy. Give us some thoughts first. Your voices are  extremely different. This song was a bit more  in Mendeleyev's wheelhouse. Your tone is just  so rich and beautiful. It just brought everybody in. It was like,  "Ah, we're home now." Preston, you didn't  let that deter you. You're young and you're  really versatile. You have a great range,  poise, control. So, I really didn't know who I  thought was gonna win this one. John, who's the winner  of this battle? The winner of this battle... ♪ ...is Preston. Preston, congratulations. Good job, man.  Congrats. John: Preston's just a joy  to work with. I see elements of how I was  when I was 15, and it made me believe  that there were more places I could go with Preston. Mendeleyev, anything  you want to say to John? Thank you for the opportunity. It's an honor, man.  Truly. Thank you.  Yeah. Thank you. Give it up for Mendeleyev,  ladies and gentlemen. [ Cheers and applause ] I wasn't sure about that, but  I could have gone either way. Yeah? I just feel like Preston  has more range. Yeah. That kid is insane. I am so excited  about Team Legend going into the knockouts.  [ Chuckles ] We're gonna have  a lot of fun. Daly: As the last night  of battles continued, Team Blake gave it their all. ♪ So tell me why we even  trying to deny this feeling ♪ ♪ I feel it, don't you feel it, too? ♪ I have to try to envision  when we get into the lives, who's gonna handle this kind of situation the best. I'm gonna go  with somebody that has the experience  and the confidence. Ricky, you're the winner  of the battle. Ricky, congratulations. Blake: Right now,  I'm really proud of my team. I still have my steal left, and now it's just a waiting game  until I find that one person  that's just undeniable. Daly: And in Gwen's  final battle pairing, two of her most versatile  artists went head-to-head, leaving her  with a tough decision. ♪ Your skin ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah, your skin and bones ♪ I'm going to go with the person  I'm the most curious about, and that is gonna be Calvin. Daly:  Calvin, congratulations. Calvin, he has a star quality  and he's intriguing. He's cool. My team is awesome, so I think  that John, Kelly, and Blake -- they need to watch out. ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Dato the battles.k Let's check in with Kelly  and her adviser, pop superstar Normani. Next up is my duo. Okay. Hello Sunday and Lauren Hall. It was kind of just  my odd pairing, but they're very different. Everybody's gonna  feel like a jerk going up against  a 13- and 14-year-old, but what Myla and Chelsea  have separately, I do feel like Lauren  has as one person. She has that kind of rasp, but also has that big  kind of belt voice. Lauren:  My dad moved here from Honduras  when he was really young. We were very poor,  worked for everything that he had in his entire life. So, the work ethic  passed on to me. Hi, everybody. It hasn't been  rainbows and smiles since I moved to Los Angeles. I'm working seven days a week, going from one job to the other, so being on "The Voice"  could give me the chance to put all of my passion  into music. ♪ Give me a chance ♪ One chair is all I needed, so I want to prove myself  not only to Kelly, but also to the rest  of the coaches. I thought that she was  captivating, and I think  they really missed it. It'll be cool to see how it meshes, but we'll see. [ Chuckles ] Let's see. They're so young. 13 and 14, I think. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. That's literally  around the same time as me. Oh, God, that's crazy.  When I started -- yeah, 15. I was 19. I can't imagine being younger than that. Girl. I'm Myla. And I'm Chelsea. I'm a lefty. I'm a righty. And we're Hello Sunday. We met at  entertainment camp. I wouldn't call Chelsea  my best friend. I would call her  a sister. I agree. The blind audition,  it was very nerve-racking. ♪ Look out 'cause here I come ♪ ♪ Look out  'cause here I come ♪ When I saw Kelly turn around, I had to close my eyes. I felt like I was gonna cry right then and there. Y'all have so much potential  to be something magical. Being the youngest duo  in "Voice" history definitely inspires us  to work way harder so we can keep working  with Kelly. All: Hi! What's up, y'all?!  This is Normani. Hi. Hi. Both: Our adviser is...Normani! Oh, my God. Thank you.  I love your hair. She's been my idol  for so long. Fifth Harmony. And then her now is --  I was just so speechless. This is the first time I've ever sung with, like, this many people  before. I'm like,  "Try four other people." [ Laughter ] It's a great thing  to have Normani here for, too, is master of blenders. She's from a girl group,  as well. When we got the song, we were literally like... Okay, good. I gave them "Wrecking Ball"  by Miley Cyrus. I felt like they all could  handle the range, and I felt like  I could hear them all singing it individually. ♪ We clawed, we chained  our hearts in vain ♪ Normani: Hello Sunday --  they're very, very young, but I feel like they could  play a lot off of the fact that there's two of them. ♪ We kissed, I fell... ♪ That's an advantage  because they can create those moments that nobody else  is able to. They were very prepared  and on it. Business women already. ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ Lauren is a powerhouse,  for sure. She comes out the gate  swinging, and she definitely  has this range, and it feels unique  to the show. Alright. Y'all got some big old voices. Wow.  [ Laughter ] I love it for all three of y'all. Yeah, it works. Yeah. I love your growl. Thank you.  Yeah, make that your thing. You're all, like,  raspy-sounding, and you're, like,  more full-sounding. That is such  a cool complement. I was chubby with braces  at 13 and 14, and they're on  a national TV show. It's intimidating. Make sure y'all  are giving the same energy. I shouldn't hear one  over the other. It should sound like  one voice. Yeah. ♪ I came in  like a wrecking ball ♪ Yes, except, ma'am,  where'd you go? You have a lot of power that you're holding back. You do that -- ♪ I came in like  a wrecking ball ♪ Use your nose  and your gut. Push as hard  as you can. I'll sing it, too.  Do it hard. Fight me. ♪ I came in  like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ I never hit so hard  in love ♪ Yes! Yes!  That sounds great. That sounds great. Push. What? Why are you waiting? [ Both laugh ] I think Chelsea takes  the back burner a lot. That's just -- maybe  she's more introvert and Myla's more the extrovert. You two are just as powerful as each other. You're just powerful in  different ways. Kelly is helping me be confident  in, like, full voice. I never did power,  and I was like, "This could actually work." We're both definitely learning how to stretch our voices. That's why -- The reason why  we're pushing you is because she's holding down both kind of your vibes, but make sure as a group, y'all are sounding just as equal right here. Okay.  Okay. I think on the  "I never meant to start a war," you know that  little intimate part? Yeah.  It can be more intimate. I know.  I almost wanted to -- Literally, note. It's like  a silent intensity. Yeah. ♪ I never meant  to start a war ♪ Yes.  Yeah. "Wrecking Ball" --  it's about heartbreak. ♪ I just wanted you  to let me in ♪ I've been auditioning for  "The Voice" for seven years. I definitely intend  to use those emotions and bring it out in the song. Here's the thing that you have on them, which is unfair advantage, but you've probably  experienced this. I was more little like y'all, like in the sense that it took me a minute  to get out of thinking about the notes  and think about "I'm the vessel  for this message." And even though  you're young, like, don't allow anybody  to make you feel like your points  aren't valid, either, 'cause y'all have  great ideas, I'm sure. Kelly: This is a hard decision,  and honestly, what it's gonna come down to  is who handles the nerves and find that line of intimacy  and the big, bold moments. Bye, y'all. I'll see you  in stage rehearsals. -Alright.  -Alrighty. Bye. ♪ I came in  like a wrecking ball ♪ Myla: We've been  working on notes, we've been working  on choreography -- Emotional. ...song, emotions. I can't wait for her to see  all the changes we've made, how much better it's gotten. ♪ You wrecked me ♪ Whoo! [ Laughter ] That was so good! What is all that stuff?!  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Oh, my gosh, y'all!  That was incredible! Like, y'all did  some homework?! What?! Hello Sunday and Lauren  don't want to go home. And all the heartfelt stuff  in the broken-down part, all the -- what the hell  is happening with the "Whoop, whoop,  whoop, whoop." Hello Sunday really came alive, and Lauren is so, like, intense. They're all three incredible. It sounds incredible. All: Thank you. I don't know where I'm gonna go. I'm hoping in the moment, my gut chooses  who I feel like should win. You're gonna nail it.  Thank you. ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Dato the battles.k Please give me  your honest advice. Okay, Kelly Clarkson. Don't let me down. I don't know if I can do that,  but I'll try. Just try not to lie. I will always  tell you the truth, Kelly. Let the battle begin. [ Cheers and applause ] ♪ ♪ We clawed, we chained our hearts in vain ♪ ♪ We jumped ♪ ♪ Never asking why ♪ ♪ We kissed, I fell  under your spell ♪ ♪ Of love ♪ ♪ No one could deny ♪ ♪ Don't you ever say  I just walked away ♪ ♪ I will always want you ♪ ♪ I can't live a lie,  running for my life ♪ Whoo! Wow! ♪ I will always want you ♪ ♪ I came in  like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ I never hit so hard in love ♪ ♪ All I wanted was to ♪ ♪ Break your walls ♪ ♪ All you ever did was ♪ ♪ Wreck me ♪ ♪ Yeah, you ♪ ♪ You wrecked me ♪ ♪ I never meant  to start a war ♪ ♪ I just wanted you  to let me in ♪ ♪ And instead of using force ♪ ♪ I guess I should've  let you in ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ I never meant  to start a war ♪ ♪ I just wanted you  to let me in ♪ ♪ I guess I should've  let you in ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪  Okay! ♪ Ooh, I came in  like a wrecking ball ♪ Yay! ♪ I never hit  so hard in love ♪ ♪ All I wanted was  to break your walls ♪ ♪ All you ever did was  wreck me ♪ ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ Yeah, I just  closed my eyes and swung ♪ ♪ Left me crouching  in a blaze and fall ♪ ♪ All you ever did was ♪ ♪ Wreck me ♪ ♪ Yeah, you ♪ ♪ You wrecked me ♪ ♪ Yeah, you ♪ ♪ You wrecked me ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] We did it! You guys are amazing. [ Cheers and applause ] Yes!  That was so good! That was so good. Before we get into this,  what is the group name? Both: Hello Sunday. Okay. In sync. That's awesome.  I know. I know, right? It's so funny.  I love them. I do, too. That was an incredible  performance overall. It was just  so entertaining. You guys really did a good job  of all working together. All three of you individually  had great moments. I don't really know  how to chop this up. Can y'all do that  one more time so I can, uh...  Sure, let's go. Yeah, of course.  ...give you a critique? Just tell us.  Run it back. [ Chuckles ] That's not helping you.  I know. Not at all. No. So, I'm just gonna say  you're all winners. Thank you.  Thank you so much. That was incredible.  I thoroughly enjoyed it. Lauren, I feel like  your tone is really beautiful. I love the vibrato  and the rasp, kind of like Miley --  that nice alto, takes those low note  and like... [ Grunts ] You were passionate,  and your tone is gorgeous. Thank you so much. For Hello Sunday, I feel like  it wasn't as technically sound as what Lauren did, but  the fireworks were like, "Ah!" You know, I have a daughter  who's three, and I always look for girls  that will inspire her, and I would love for her  to watch you two sing together. Oh, my --  I'll cry right now. Both: Thank you. [ Cheers and applause ] And I think  for the first time, Kelly, I'm not gonna tell you  who I think you should pick. [ Laughter ] [ Cheers and applause ] John said it all.  I have to tell you -- No, but I'm just saying.  Well, I mean, let's tal-- Alone on an island,  Gwen! [ Laughter ] Today was another level  for you guys. My son is 13. I cannot even imagine him being able to stand still  this long to listen to me talk. [ Laughter ]  Like, it's exciting. I want to see more  of that on the show. Now, with Lauren,  as soon as you came in, I was like,  "That's the kind of voice I want to hear on a record." [ Cheers and applause ] It's crazy. Did that help?  [ Laughing ] No. Not really.  Not really. Thank you, Coaches. Alright, Kelly,  give us some thoughts before you tell us who won. Obviously, y'all are younger, so you weren't as technically  on as her the whole time, but it's impressive  what you do at that age. If you hear even Myla and  Chelsea sing individually, they're amazing. Lauren, I feel like  we're really similar. I know you,  and I know that voice. All three of you would be  a dream to work with. Tough decision for you,  we know, but who's the winner  of this battle? ♪ Y'all, my -- my team  just has been so stacked. I've never been  this fearful of losing someone that comes back to beat me.  Um...  [ Laughter ] Um... [ Laughs ] Okay. I just need like  just 30 seconds. 30? [ Singing  "Jeopardy!" think music ] [ Laughter ] Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.  The winner... ♪ ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ to the battle rounds. Who's the winner  of this battle? [ Sighs ] See, what makes this  so confusing is that, like... [ Laughter ] ...in the blinds,  you have no idea the potential, and then you both come out here  and shock the hell out of me. Don't say "hell."  Ah! Of course not.  Of course. Of course. John: Swear jar. Okay, the winner  of this battle... Hello Sunday. [ Cheers and applause ]  Oh, my gosh! Wow! Daly: Congratulations,  Hello Sunday. We just won our battle. I'm like... Oh, my God. All three of you  are so magical. Kelly: I was torturing myself, but the energy  of Hello Sunday, I would like it  just an IV in my body. [ Cheers and applause ] Coaches, let me remind you, Lauren is available to steal. Lauren, what would you like to say to Kelly? Kelly Clarkson, I've been watching you sing since I was... Aww.  ...8. [ Chuckles ] Just being chosen  by you was... one of the highlights  of my life, so thank you so much. I will help you. I believe in you so much. Daly: Lauren Hall,  ladies and gentlemen. Please steal.  Please. Yes! Whoa!  Not so fast! [ Cheers and applause ] Blake Shelton uses  his one and only steal. She just got -- Yes! I love you, Blake. I can't tell you how much it means to me to have you steal me. I have been going for this for so long, and I really appreciate you giving me a second chance. Yes, ma'am. I really do. You deserve it. Blake: So happy that I was  able to steal Lauren because she is going to be  a threat. No doubt about it,  the winner is on my team. My team is f-- No, we don't do that  on this part, do we? Alright, that's a wrap. Daly:  As the battles wrap up... Here we go. Knockouts.  I'm ready. I'm nervous. Daly: ...our coaches get ready  for the knockouts. Oh, we're ready for  the knockouts. You've done this before. So ready. Well, yeah,  but not with you. Daly: With 10-time  Grammy Award winner, our mega-mentor, Taylor Swift. It's our second time  together. It's ladies night. I wanted to come  on this show because when I was here before,  I had a really good time. ♪ Need to calm down,  oh-oh, oh-oh ♪ They never react like that  when it's just me. One thing that's really cool is  that I was in that position -- you know, not on a television show, but you have to put yourself out there so many  times in this line of work. [ Chuckles ] John: We have a mega-mentor.  [ Laughs ] Get out of here. I didn't realize that I was now  being called a mega-mentor. That's really gonna  go straight to my head. I would like a latte right now. No one? Glass of wine? Standby for a sound check. I've never done  knockouts before.  Yeah. And I have  some tough decisions. It's even harder now  'cause the talent is really close  to each other. Everyone's really good.  I know. John: In the knockouts,  you only get one steal, so the decisions  are hard for all of us. Now they're picking their songs again, so it's interest-- That kind of  helps me decide. That -- It does.  Yeah, yeah. 'Cause that's key.  Even making a record, you have to pick  really great songs or nobody's gonna  buy your record, so... It's true. It's true. You know what else helps?  Actually going and doing the knockouts.  The knockouts. Oh, let's do it.  Let's do it. ♪ Let's do it ♪  ♪ Let's do it, do it ♪ Taylor: I think out of all  the coaches, you're the -- the person  that I know the longest. Blake: I think Taylor's perfect  because she's experienced everything in front of  the world's eyes as far as being a star  and being onstage. That's a big deal  to all of us coaches and an even bigger deal  to the artists on the show. I actually rediscovered  a diary recently, and it was like,  "I met Blake Shelton. He was so nice."  And I was 15. Man, that must have been  years ago if I was still nice  back then.  Yeah, yeah. I must have not  understood humor. [ Laughs ] You were probably just making  fun of me the whole time. Made so much fun. "This teenager's never gonna make it." [ Laughs ] I really like that at "The  Voice," there's a lot of heart. The coaches actually care  about what they're doing and they really feel  this excitement and passion when they believe in somebody. Blake: I paired Cali and Marina because they're very unique  and very dynamic. We'll see which one of these  two artists can actually handle this kind of pressure  and do something that'll just blow us all away. Oh! [ Laughs ]  Taylor: Hey. Blake: In case you were wondering who that is -- I'm Taylor. ...it's Taylor Swift. Hi! Marina!  Oh, my God. Like, that's Taylor Swift. God,  she's go gorgeous. I know. She's so accomplished. She's everything that a pop  star, you know, should be. Oh, that's that company you own. Taylor Guitars.  I don't own it. You sold it? You sold the company? I never owned it. Huh.  Didn't start it. I read it that you did. I know, but you can  read a lot of stuff about  me that's not true. [ Laughter ] So, I'm singing "Wicked Game"  by Chris Isaak. Amazing. God, I love this song. It has a really  great emotional range. It's very haunting and, like,  sexy at the same time. Mm-hmm.  Amazing. ♪ The world was on fire ♪ ♪ And no one  could save me but you ♪ The song is about obsession  and love and sadness, and it's a song  that I listened to a lot when I was a teenager. I grew up in small-town Iowa,  in a little town called Salem. Nobody knew I was gay.  It was incredibly difficult. You have this big secret that  you don't want to talk about because you're afraid  of what other people think, and music really  was an escape for me. Just being on "The Voice,"  it just validated that feeling, like, "Yeah, I know  who I want to be and music is where I belong." ♪ What a wicked game to play ♪ Blake: Cali always  keeps you guessing, and she's in her own lane  as far as this show goes, and I like this choice  for her to showcase different parts of her voice  that we haven't heard yet. The depth to your voice,  your control over it -- Yeah.  ...it's really emotional. My only note would be assigning some different  emotions to the lyrics.  Yeah. When you're singing lyrics  that are like, "What a wicked game to play,  you never felt this way"...  Yeah. ...there's something that has to  go on behind your eyes. It's like disbelief,  shock, hurt, betrayal. Let that be expressed  and read on your face. Yeah. Cali, a lot of your stuff is in here...  An internal. ...which is cool, except we're on "The Voice" now, you know? Yep. And people at home are watching and they want to feel connected to you, you know? Yeah. Taylor Swift's one of the  biggest stars on the planet, so I'm gonna  take that advice to heart and I'm really gonna show them  that I can improve. Yeah. Come on up here. Marina is the powerhouse  and so talented. I really have to  step my game up. So, Marina was my save, so that all worked out a-as planned. Yeah.  [ Chuckles ] [ Cheers and applause ] Marina: Being on "The Voice" has  been such a blessing, honestly. I am so honored to be here. Hey, is it  Uzbekistan? Uzbekistan.  I said it right. Yeah.  [ Chuckles ] You know that's like  a pretty normal country that most people  know the name of. Really?  Yeah. I wonder how I've made it  this many years. I know.  [ Laughs ] I was born in Samarkand,  Uzbekistan. I moved here  when I was 11 years old. It was rough. My parents had to work  very hard and just try  to make ends meets. They moved us here  for the American dream, and I am a living example  of that. ♪ I who have nothing ♪ I'm singing "I (Who Have  Nothing)" by Tom Jones. I picked this song because  my father loves the song. He was a singer himself.  He travelled with his band. He gave it up a while ago,  but I still feel like he lives his musical dream  through me. ♪ I love you ♪ Taylor: Marina is  an absolute diva powerhouse in such a classic, iconic way. It's just a flawless  vocal performance. Mm-hmm.  No vocal notes. I always love it when we do the knockouts 'cause everybody picks their own song. I always learn so much  about you guys. One thing -- we fall back on whatever  our singing habits are, right? You got the mic in this hand, and then with the other hand,  you're just doing this. Like -- Like emotional karate  chops through the air. [ Chuckles ] And because this is  pleading with someone, I kind of wanted you to move forward and beg to the audience. Like, "I who have nothing." Just imagine leaning into it  a little bit more. It's beyond just hearing great vocal performance. You're also seeing a-a great performance. It's small things that can  go a long way. It's just like --  just a little bit more.  Okay. Marina knows what she's doing when it comes time  to pick a song. You guys are both crazy. It's really true. It's gonna be  a tough decision for me, probably a huge mistake for me  to put them against each other, but this is the knockouts, and we're really trying to  narrow our team down. You acting like you hear  the word Uzbekistan like you talk about it  with your family or whatever. I do. It may surprise you  to know that, until I was 14I ght it was W. [ Laughs ] Thought there must be  an East-consin. Whoa!  Did you go to school? [ Laughter ] Yeah, I-I was enrolled. Did you not  sing the state song? Mnh-mnh. ♪ Alabama, Alaska, Arizona ♪ ♪ Arkansas, California,  Colorado... ♪ ♪ Louisiana, Maine, Maryland,  Massachusetts, Michigan ♪ ♪ Oklahoma, Oregon,  Pennsylvania... ♪ ♪ Wisconsin, Wyoming ♪ Wow.  Did you not know that song? No.  It's, like, my favorite song. That's one of my favorite  performances. Wow. [ Cheers and applause ] Now with "I (Who Have Nothing),"  here is Marina Chello. ♪ ♪ I ♪ ♪ I who have nothing ♪ ♪ I ♪ ♪ I who have no one ♪ ♪ Adore you ♪ ♪ And want you so ♪ ♪ I'm just a no one ♪ ♪ With nothing  to give you but, I ♪ ♪ I love you ♪ Yeah! Whoo! ♪ She can take you  any place you want ♪ ♪ To fancy clubs  and restaurants ♪ ♪ But I can only  watch you with ♪ ♪ My nose pressed up  against the window pane ♪ ♪ I ♪ ♪ I who have nothing ♪ ♪ I ♪ Yes, ma'am! ♪ I who have no one ♪ ♪ Must watch you  go dancing by ♪ ♪ Wrapped in the arms  of somebody else ♪ ♪ When, darling, it's I ♪ ♪ I love you ♪ ♪ I love you ♪ ♪ I love ♪ ♪ I love you ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] Thank you. Wow. ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ to the knockout rounds. [ Cheers and applause ] With "Wicked Game,"  here is Cali Wilson. ♪ I love this song. [ Laughs ] ♪ The world was on fire ♪ ♪ And no one  could save me but you ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] ♪ It's strange what desire  will make foolish people do ♪ Whoo! I like it. ♪ I never dreamed that  I'd meet somebody like you ♪ ♪ And I never dreamed that  I'd lose somebody like you ♪ ♪ No, I ♪ ♪ Don't want to fall in love ♪ ♪ This world is only  gonna break your heart ♪ ♪ No, I ♪ ♪ Don't want to fall in love ♪ ♪ This world is only  gonna break your heart ♪ ♪ With you ♪ ♪ What a wicked game to play ♪ ♪ You never felt this way ♪ ♪ What a wicked thing to do ♪ ♪ To make me dream of you ♪ ♪ No, I ♪ ♪ Don't want to fall in love ♪ ♪ This world is only  gonna break your heart ♪ Yeah. ♪ No, I ♪ ♪ This world is only  gonna break your heart ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] ♪ No, I ♪ ♪ This world is only  gonna break your heart ♪ ♪ Nobody ♪ ♪ Loves no one ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] Wow. So good! That was so good! That was beautiful. What are you gonna do?  Oh, my God. Oh, my goodness! Kelly: Oh, my gosh. Drink more, Blake.  Hurry up. Have some more drinks. You got a lot of thinking to do. [ Laughter ] Um, I want to know  if you had anything to do with their styling decisions. I picked out  both of their outfits, yeah. [ Laughter ] And did their  hair and makeup. Oh, my goodness. I feel like both of them look  like they belong up here. Or on Gwen's team. [ Laughter ] Cali, it was so  beautiful and subtle. It was pitch-perfect. I wouldn't change  a thing about it. Thank you so much. And, Marina,  you were fully in control, and when you hit those high  notes, it was just astounding. Thank you.  Wow, Blake! I know. Both of you guys  were stunning. Thank you. And, Cali, that song  was so perfect you. It's such a sexy song. Maybe because of the video,  I don't know. Yeah. Oh, that was a sexy video. Yeah, that was a sexy video. Alright, now.  [ Laughter ] That song showed everything  that you are as an artist. I feel like I learned  who you are tonight. It was incredible. Thank you so much. Marina.  Hi. It was just exciting  to watch this cute little doll have that much power  come out. I think Blake is gonna have  a really hard time. We didn't even have pillow talk  about this, really. [ Laughter ] He told John. I was texting John  while you were laying there. [ Laughter ] Cali, a lot of people covered  that song, but you did your own spin on it, and I thought it was so moving. It was just  really well done. And, Marina, there is such an intensity about you and a vulnerable  kind of vibe that you really can't teach your gift. It's really from God.  Thank you. It's really,  really beautiful. Daly: Thank you, Coaches. We got a tough one here. Give us some thoughts  before you tell us who won. I don't want to talk. I don't want to talk about this. Take your hand away  from your mouth. We can't understand you.  No. You're not my boss. I've never seen your name  on my paycheck. Not one time.  [ Laughter ] You know, this is what you  hope for, I guess, as a coach. But when it comes down  to this moment, this is horrifying,  because both of you two deserve not only to be  on the show, but to be on the damn radio,  honestly. I mean, who knows?  The music industry is weird. You're weird. That's a fact.  [ Laughs ] [ Laughter ] Cali, you know, the one thing  that you and I have visited over and over again is  the softening up a little bit and you graduated  from that tonight. You made every emotion  of that lyric come to life. And, Marina, you have been  incredible since the beginning. All the depth that Kelly  was talking about, and it's just been awesome  working with you two. Thank you.  [ Applause ] Blake, you got  a big decision. Who is the winner  of this knockout? I know I got to make  a choice here, a-and I got to think in terms of  who grows in these situations. And having said that,  I know who I'm gonna pick. The winner  of this knockout... is Cali. [ Cheers and applause ] Cali Wilson moves  on to the live playoffs!  Whoo! Oh, my God! Wow. I think Marina did what we all  knew she could do. I think Cali did what none of us  thought she could do. Congratulations.  Thank you. And I had to reward her  for that. Thank you, guys. I worked really hard  to make sure that I was vulnerable,  and it just paid off, and I can't believe it. It's crazy. Marina, anything you want to say to Blake? I am so thrilled to have had  this experience. It was a huge honor. Thank you so much  for everything. Thank you. Give it up  for Marina Chello. Gwen: I think Blake actually  did make the right choice because Cali, she just came so  far in a short amount of time. But not only that,  her performance was magical. I don't think any  of us really saw Cali stepping up  like she did. When I was watching it, I was  like, "This is too perfect." Yeah, that's how  I kept saying. And I was like, "Oh, no, she's  just nailing every moment." Yeah.  That was painful. I know. That sucked. Daly: Coming up,  Taylor gives expert advice to help prepare the artists. Make it more  conversational. Would it be cool to start on the chorus? ♪ You will always be  a dun-dun-dun ♪ ♪ I'm part of you  indefinitely ♪ ♪ No, no, no, no,  no, no, no ♪ ♪ Take another little piece  of my heart, now, baby ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] Daly: Steal times two!  Oh! ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Welcome back. Kelly: Are you ready? Taylor: I'm so ready. You've done this before. I talk too much. Oh, me too.  You'll see. Yeah, no, I-I know. [ Laughs ] We will make quite  a pair. Yeah, I'm ready.  Alright. Obviously, Taylor is, like,  the best person to ask to do this show. I remember going to see you  in concert is 2005. Kelly: What?  Yeah. I didn't know you went to my show. Oh, yeah.  I'm, like, a full fan. That makes me feel talented 'cause you're talented. You're very talented. [ Laughs ] That you would choose that. You're so talented. It is, like, freak-out. Code freak-out,  like, around set. Okay, so these next two, his name is Jake Hoot. He's a sweetheart. Big, beautiful presence  in his voice. Melinda is, like, a jazz vocal instructor. She's crazy talented. Cool. Yeah. I paired Jake and Melinda because they're both  incredibly powerful singers. Also, they both are  really good storytellers. What's up, y'all?  Holy crap. This is Taylor. Hi. I just got kind of like  butterflies. I was like, "Oh, my goodness,  it's Taylor Swift." Nice to meet you. Hi.  Oh, my. Hello. How are you? I've been to one of her shows,  and then being able to work with her, it just --  you can't put it into words. I love having Taylor because it's very rare that you have  an artist here that can help you  in multi-genres and really great at writing and delivering a message. That's sweet. You're gonna go first? Yes, ma'am. Alright. So, what song  are you singing? "Cover Me Up"  by Jason Isbell. Love Jason Isbell. I went through a tough time  through divorce... Yeah.  ...and this song is just  talking about a person that comes along  and makes you feel like you're somebody to someone. Oh, man.  That's so great.  I'm gonna cry. Whatever, I'm fine.  I'm trying not to. I can't look at people  when they cry 'cause I'm  a sympathetic crier. I am, too!  It's contagious! She definitely catches  the cries pretty easily. Yes! I do! Hoot: My girlfriend and I,  her name is Bekah, we met at one of my shows. We've been dating for six,  seven months. Having her in my life  has been incredible. Going through the divorce,  it was rough, but it definitely  had its blessings. ♪ A heart on the run ♪ Kelly: Jake has such  an old-school sound which is what I love  most about him. ♪ Can't trust anyone ♪ Taylor: Jake has  an amazing voice. He really delivered the song  in a convincing, authentic way. ♪ Days when we raged ♪ Yes! ♪ We flew off the page ♪ I feel like my daughter  represents the positive things  in this song. She's a daddy's girl. No matter what was going on,  no matter how I felt, she was my biggest fan. I will absolutely have Macy  in my heart doing this song. Phew.  I can't do this, man. [ Clears throat ] You have such a nostalgic, like, country voice. In, like, the most traditional,  timeless sense. Yeah. Yes! The one note that I have -- we all have our nervous habits  we do on the stage, and yours is this. He's a swayer. What you're delivering  is such a, like, emotional, deep performance, and a lot of people will only  focus on the swaying. I almost think maybe  a mic stand, and you standing there  and just...  Okay. If you do have a mic stand, that frees up your hands  so you can make your performance  more relatable and make it  more conversational.  For sure. And one of those elements  is having your hands to just kind of express what  you're saying a little bit. Mm-hmm, and then you keep  going up and up, and I'm like,  "Geez, your range." Like, it's really  incredible. Thank you very much.  I appreciate it. Alright, well, you're gonna switch with Melinda. Alright. I saved Melinda last because she's so good. You're undeniable. Melinda: I didn't even  get to take one breath before Kelly slammed her button  and John slammed his button. Daly: There it is!  Whoa! The save and the steal! That to me was unreal. I really want to prove to Kelly that her save was not a mistake. I could really take her  all the way to the end. I love the song you chose. But why'd you choose it?  I'm curious. I chose "Always Be My Baby,"  Mariah Carey.  It's so good. I picked this song  because of my brother. We love to jam out  in the car and just listen to old-school jams,  and he is your biggest fan. Aww!  Really? He has every single one  of your album names tattooed on his body. Oh, my God.  Whoa. Oh, my God, you did find  your biggest fan. She isn't lying.  It's not fake. And yesterday...  [ Sighs ] He was, um... Oh, no.  Oh, my God. He was waiting for his --  a heart transplant [voice breaking] and he just  got called yesterday, so he's there right now. Oh, my God. Like, now? Like right now.  Like getting --  Why are you here?! It's group hug time. That's exactly what I -- Oh, my God! It's group hug o'clock. Let's get done so you can leave. What?!  [ Sniffles ] Literally, he said,  "You can't leave because what if  it's Taylor Swift?" Shut up. Okay. I'm not even joking  right now. Melinda: This song definitely  goes out to my brother because, to see Taylor there today when  he's undergoing heart surgery, I just thought,  "How is this happening?" Cris has to wake up because there is no way  I can't tell him about this. That'd be the world's  biggest injustice. He was like,  "Don't be selfish. You're doing it for me,  not for you." Aww! Can you tell us  an address for where we can send  him some gifts? Absolutely. And we all have  matching "Fearless" tattoos. I have mine here. You have a "Fearless" tattoo  right now on your body? Yes, right here, "Fearless."  My whole family -- my mom... I feel super vain  'cause right there is where I have  my own song. [ Laughter ]  We'll talk about that later. Yeah. [ Laughs ]  Yeah. Melinda told me  the most touching story, and it was this really  unexpected, beautiful moment. ♪ We were as one, babe ♪ ♪ For a moment in time ♪ It's very hard to find  consistent, dependable singers. Usually our voice  is affected by our mood. Melinda's, like, never affected.  I mean, it's crazy. I just love the chorus  of this song so much. ♪ You'll always  be a part of me ♪ Like, I love that hook, and I just kind of  want to find those moments where you can  reflect that melody. I have a really good idea that you just made me think of. Would it be cool to start on the chorus? Yep. Like, the drums hitting  different parts of it that are like, ♪ You'll  always be a dun-dun-dun ♪ [ Imitates drumming ] Identical,  party for two. Artists need to  put their own spin on things, but at the same time,  my entire contribution to music has just been  the hooks I write, so my instinct is  to be like, "Save it. Can we save the melody,  please?" Sort of the mischief  and a flirtation and a confidence, for sure. Just make sure you're opening up  and you're, like, jamming. Okay, okay. 'Cause it's that kind of song. Yeah, yeah.  Yeah. ♪ You'll always  be a part of me ♪ Taylor:  Melinda has an amazing voice, and it was just night and day. When she started the song  that second way, it was, like, so powerful. ♪ Ooh, darling, 'cause you'll  always be my baby ♪ Hey!  ♪ We were as one, babe ♪ Melinda is an incredible  vocalist, super powerful voice,  so I couldn't be more honored to go against her,  but more terrified. Dude, killer job,  both of you. Kelly:  Jake and Melinda have different  challenges before them. I'm just gonna have to  judge on who I think is gonna be right for the lives, 'cause at this point,  everyone's talented, y'all. [ Cheers and applause ] Jake Hoot!  Hoot! Yeah, Jake!  Hoot! I love Jake. He dresses just like you. He's like the Blake Shelton  school of fashion. With "Cover Me Up,"  here's Jake Hoot. ♪ ♪ A heart on the run ♪ ♪ Keeps a hand on the gun ♪ ♪ You can't trust anyone ♪ ♪ And I was so sure ♪ ♪ What I needed was more ♪ ♪ Tried to shoot out the sun ♪ Whoo! ♪ Days when we raged ♪ Oh, my God! Wow!  ♪ We flew off the page ♪ ♪ Such damage was done ♪ Yeah. ♪ But I made it through ♪ ♪ 'Cause somebody knew ♪ ♪ I was meant for someone ♪ ♪ So, girl, leave your boots  by the bed ♪ ♪ We ain't leaving this room ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] ♪ Till someone needs  medical help ♪ ♪ Or the magnolias bloom ♪ ♪ It's cold in this house ♪ ♪ And I ain't going out  to chop wood ♪ Yes!  Take it, Jake! Whoo! ♪ So cover me up ♪ ♪ And know you're enough ♪ ♪ To use me for good ♪ ♪ Cover me up ♪ ♪ And know you're enough ♪ ♪ To use me for good ♪ ♪ Yeah, cover me up ♪ ♪ And know you're enough ♪ ♪ To use me for good ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] Whoo! I like Jake, man.  I like that guy. Yeah. ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Wof the knockouts.ght one Now with "Always Be My Baby,"  here's Melinda Rodriguez. ♪ ♪ You'll always be  a part of me ♪ ♪ I'm part of you indefinitely ♪ ♪ Boy, don't you know  you can't escape me ♪ ♪ Ooh, darling, 'cause you'll  always be my baby ♪ ♪ We were as one, babe ♪ ♪ For a moment in time ♪ ♪ And it seemed everlasting ♪ ♪ That you would always  be mine ♪ ♪ Now you wanna be free ♪ ♪ So I'll let you fly ♪ ♪ 'Cause I know  in my heart, babe ♪ ♪ Our love will never die ♪ ♪ You'll always be  a part of me ♪ ♪ I'm part of you indefinitely ♪ ♪ Boy, don't you know  you can't escape me ♪  ♪ No, no, no, no, no, no, no ♪ ♪ Ooh, darling,  'cause you'll be my baby ♪ Hey!  ♪ And we'll linger on ♪ ♪ Time can't erase  a feeling this strong ♪ ♪ No way you're ever  gonna shake me ♪ ♪ 'Cause you'll always be ♪ ♪ I know that you'll  be back, boy ♪ ♪ When your days and your nights  get a little bit colder ♪ ♪ Ohh, oh, whoa ♪ ♪ I know that  you'd be right back ♪ ♪ Oh, baby, belive me ♪ ♪ It's only a matter of time ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ You'll always be  a part of me ♪ ♪ I'm part of you indefinitely ♪ ♪ No, no ♪ ♪ Boy, don't you know  you can't escape me ♪ ♪ Oh, whoa ♪ ♪ Ooh, darling ♪  ♪ 'Cause you'll always be  my baby ♪ ♪ And we'll linger on ♪  ♪ And we will linger on ♪ ♪ Time can't erase  a feeling this strong ♪ ♪ No way you're ever  gonna shake me ♪ ♪ Ooh, darling ♪  ♪ 'Cause you'll always be  my baby ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ Whoo! Yeah, Melinda! ♪ That was great. Wow. My goodness. That was  an awesome knockout, Kelly. Gwen: Yeah.  I don't know what... Absolutely.  What you're gonna do... Yay.  ...because you're going to  make a huge mistake no matter what you do.  [ Laughter ] Uh, you know, Jake, you're just a classic,  great country singer. It's Hoot!  Hoot! [ Laughter ] Hoot and holler. I can see  the merchandise. Yeah, maybe you'll get a  sponsorship from Hooters. Hey.  That'd be a good... Your fan base  would be called the Hooters. Yeah.  I'm fine with that. [ Laughter ] Not a bad fan base. Melinda, I heard a lot of cool  parts of your voice I haven't noticed before. Your tone is awesome. So, you're gonna screw up here  no matter what you do. Thank you.  Thank you, Blake. Well, I know Jake  gets his clothes from the same store  that you get your clothes. [ Laughter ] Do you have a fashion line,  Blake? It's called denim. [ Laughter ] Jake, I really love your voice.  It is just gorgeous. And you don't move that much,  but you... He's huge.  But it works. And it's amazing to me  that only one of us turned for you in the blinds,  but anybody who would've heard this performance today, you'd  have been a four-chair turn. Congratulations. Thank you very much. But, Melinda, I tried  to steal you in the battle, and, you know, everybody makes mistakes  in picking coaches to go with. [ Laughter ] This performance was, I think,  your best performance. That song  is a challenge because that was  the peak Mariah power, and you hit it  out of the park. [ Cheers and applause ] Gwen: I was super impressed  with both of you guys. Melinda, you did  such a great job. You look so cute tonight,  you're super talented, but, Jake, I think you're  one of my favorites of the whole season. You just look like  this ordinary guy, and you come out here  with this extraordinary voice that sounds so familiar  and so classic. You're incredible. Daly: Thank you, Coaches. Alright, Kelly, give us some thoughts and then  tell us who won this knockout. I've been saying this  the whole season, okay? My team is stacked. Melinda, when I saw that was  your song for the knockouts, I was like, "Yes, confidence,"  and you nailed it. You're just a really gifted,  intricate, like, singer. On the other hand, Jake, Taylor and I both told you  just to stand there because I was like,  "Don't distract. You're the vessel for  this message. Just sing." So, I like that you're just  being you. I think that's cool. I've been thinking about really  rounding out my team, and what we're gonna go for  as a team to the lives. Tough one, Kel. Who is  the winner of this knockout? ♪ Man... The winner of this knockout  is gonna be Jake. Jake Hoot -- moving on to the  live playoffs for Team Kelly. [ Cheers and applause ] Kelly: Honestly,  I can't not pick him. He's one of the best  country singers I've heard on this show ever. I would be shocked  if he didn't make the finale. Congratulations, man. Oh... I'm gonna do my absolute best  to help Kelly win this thing. She believed in me  from the get-go, so I'm gonna -- I'm gonna  give it everything I got. Melinda, you killed it. Hey, guys.  While I'm super bummed that I couldn't continue on  in the show, I just wanted to let you all  know that Cris has since gotten his second  heart transplant and is slowly recovering. Thank you to "The Voice." This whole experience has been  just unlike any other. [ Cheers and applause ] Places, please.  Here we go. Um, I'd just like  to point out that I got blocked for both of these artists. She's so amazing. Max is gonna be good, though.  Really good. I love your creative decisions  that you make in your career. y ynna turn  around in the chair for,  Max is gonna be good, though.  Really good. I'm very interested. John is someone that I have  gotten to perform with before. He's an expert and musical icon and it's really great  that he's imparting that wisdom on people who have  a lot on the line at this point in their career. So, our first pairing,  we have Katie. She is a vocalist, pianist. She is a peruse. Max is more like  on the pop side. He's pretty soulful, too, though, kind of jazzy, and it's gonna be interesting seeing them together. I'm excited. Ohh! Oh, my God. So I, like, walked around the  corner, I just peeked around, and I saw a tall blonde,  red lipstick, and I was like, "That's  Taylor Swift right there." [ Laughs ] Hi. Hi. Nice to meet you. I was like,  "What is happening right now?" God, my heart right now  is... [ Laughter ] You okay? I'm okay, I think. So, Taylor's been here helping  all of the coaches. Okay. She is certain that Team Legend  is the best team. I'm speaking for her. You're just reading my mind now.  I mean, come on, stop it. [ Laughter ]  Get out of here. So, who's gonna go first? Me. Katie.  Ugh. So, which song  did you choose? "Piece of My Heart." Okay.  Cool. So, tell her what you sang in your blinds. "Baby, I Love You"  by Aretha Franklin. ♪ Baby, I love you ♪ ♪ Baby, I love you ♪ When I saw all four chairs  turn around, I felt amazing. Feels good because  I've come a long way. When I was 19,  I stopped pursuing music because I didn't  like myself very much. If somebody would say  the word "fat," I'd be like, "Oh, my God,  they're talking about me. I'm the joke in the room." I kind of lost  all confidence and I got stuck in jobs  that weren't fulfilling -- I kind of lost  waitressing, bartending. It wasn't until  I hit my 30s where I decided  to start taking my life back, and for the past seven  or eight years, I've been singing  in the blues scene in Chicago and I've been making a living  as a musician. ♪ Take it ♪ ♪ Take another little piece  of my heart now, baby ♪ I chose this song because it  relates to my own journey. People would bully me and take  little bits and pieces from me. But I got to take back  those bits and pieces, and I think when I  look at myself now, I'm stronger than I've  ever been. ♪ Oh, yeah, yeah ♪ Oh, my God. Whoo! Oh, my God. Hey! God, it was so quirky and fun  and funny and ballsy. Can I say that on TV?  [ Laughs ] We were lucky to see it.  Like, that was -- You know what I mean? Mm! Yes! Oh, my God! Every move you made, you were just in complete domination of the stage. It was like...  It was a full persona. [ Laughs ]  Yes. You morph into  a superhero on a stage. Oh, my goodness! It's just really cool  when somebody has the ability to use their gift  to make people feel joy. Thank you. Katie: I can't believe this is  happening right now. Taylor Swift said  that she felt joy. Oh, my goodness.  [ Chuckles ] It made my life.  It did. [ Laughs ] Max is gonna come up. I am sorry you had to  follow her. Dude, you are  ridiculous. You got this.  Here. Oh, cool. [ Sighs ] Come on! I apologize.  Bro! Max is up against Katie,  which is, man... I'm sorry.  [ Chuckles ] I mean, I-I only have eight singers, and everybody's  really good. Max: Katie -- she's one of  the best singers here, so it's definitely  intimidating, but I want to show John  that there's something in me worth, you know,  keeping around.  ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ worth, you know,  keeping around.  to the knockout rounds. Let's do it, Max.  Cool. What are you singing? I am singing "When The Party's  Over" by Billie Eilish. Oh, cool!  Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is exciting. One second,  we're tuning. Were you born and raised  in Toledo, Max? Yes, sir. Yeah.  Alright. I graduated from  the University of Dayton with a degree in psychology, but I'm not  pursuing that right now. I'm doing music all the way. ♪ I'm only going over home now ♪ No.  When I saw the chairs light up, it was just a weight  off my shoulders, 'cause it just felt  like validation. Come on! Yes! So, my previous two songs  were both upbeat, so I thought it'd be cool  to show a more vulnerable side of me, especially right now. I'm working on trying to move on  from a relationship. Um... Sorry. Uh... Just some of the lines  really grab me, and I just connect with it  so much. ♪ Once we've both said  our goodbyes ♪ You know, it resonates  just because you know, that person might be  seeing somebody, and, you know, I'm --  I'm not. So, it's just -- it's hard,  yeah. ♪ Let you go ♪ Yes. Max, whoo!  This is his best performance. You hear all the richness. You hear the beauty of his tone. It's really a tour de force  for him. Whoo!  It's so good. Wow.  Pbht. Oh, that was good.  Thank you. So...do that. [ Laughs ]  Yeah. Yes, it's intimate and powerful  and, yeah, I loved it. Max is very talented and has a great intuition  about what to do onstage. I love when you sound like you're about to cry, and I just feel the ache in your voice. It's powerful.  It's definitely there, yeah. I thought it was a really  wonderful showcase for all the things  that your voice can do. Thank you. And I think that  you made a really good choice choosing to go with  the introspective. And I love when you were  physically grabbing your shirt. Taylor Swift's somebody  who's been so successful, so to have her, you know,  help you out on a song, it's just one of  the coolest things that's ever happened to me. Everybody's executing their own zone to the max. Yeah. You're, like -- No pun intended, Max.  To the Max! To the Max.  [ Laughs ] Um, you're doing  what you do, and you're doing it  so well. It's, like, just making me so happy. This was great -- I just enjoy watching it. It's gonna be much tougher  to decide than I thought it would be. You sounded beautiful. You could say he's  the underdog in this situation 'cause Katie's so great,  but Max is making this as challenging  as it could possibly be. Good lord.  Taylor: Yeah, wow. You really do have a good team.  [ Laughs ] [ Cheers and applause ] With "Piece of My Heart,"  here's Katie Kadan. This is a good song. ♪ ♪ Didn't I make you feel ♪ ♪ Like you were the only man? ♪ Yes, you did. Yeah! ♪ Yeah, eh ♪ ♪ Didn't I give you  nearly everything ♪ ♪ That a woman possibly can? ♪ ♪ Honey, you know I did ♪ ♪ With all  the love I give ya ♪ ♪ It's never enough ♪ ♪ But I'm gonna show you,  baby ♪ ♪ That a woman can be tough ♪ ♪ I need you to come on ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Come on ♪  Yeah! ♪ Come on and take it ♪ ♪ Take another little piece  of my heart now, baby ♪ Hey!  ♪ Break it ♪ ♪ Have another little piece of my heart now, darling, yeah ♪ ♪ Have a ♪ ♪ Have another little piece  of my heart now, baby ♪ ♪ You know you got it ♪ ♪ If it makes you feel good ♪ Kelly: Whoo! ♪ Then I tell myself that I ♪ ♪ Can't stand the pain ♪ ♪ But when you hold me  in your arms ♪ ♪ I'll say it once again ♪ ♪ I need you to come on ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Come on and take it ♪ ♪ Take another little piece  of my heart now, baby ♪ ♪ Break it ♪ ♪ Have another little piece  of my heart ♪ ♪ Now, darlin' ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Have another little piece  of my heart now, baby ♪ ♪ You know you got it ♪ ♪ If it makes you feel good ♪ Whoo! ♪ You know you've got it ♪ ♪ If it makes you feel good ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] Whoo! Whoo! Yeah! Yeah! Whoo! That was so good. Good lord. ♪ This is "The Voice" ♪ Daly: Wof the knockouts.ght one [ Cheers and applause ] Come on, Max! Now with "When The Party's  Over," here's Max Boyle. ♪ ♪ Don't you know  I'm no good for you ♪ Oh, nice. ♪ I've learned to lose,  you can't afford to ♪ Yeah. ♪ I tore my shirt  to stop you bleeding ♪ ♪ But nothing ever  stops you leaving ♪ Sing! ♪ Quiet when I'm coming home  and I'm on my own ♪ ♪ Well, I could lie,  say I like it like that ♪ ♪ Like it like that, yeah ♪ ♪ Could lie, say I like it  like that ♪ ♪ Like it like that ♪ ♪ Oh, nothing is better  sometimes ♪ ♪ Once we've both said  our goodbyes ♪ ♪ Oh, let's just let it go ♪ ♪ Let me let you go ♪ ♪ Quiet when I'm coming home  and I'm on my own ♪ ♪ I could lie,  say I like it like that ♪ ♪ Like it like that ♪ Yeah! What?! Great job, guys. [ Cheers and applause ] ♪ Yeah! You guys, that was crazy. Katie, there's a star quality  to you, and it's undeniable. So, that set me up to be like,  "Oh, poor Max." [ Laughter ] But, Max, you were gorgeous. I mean, it's so crazy  you can go all the way up there and --  and still be so strong. Not only that,  but it's rare to be able to be so emotional and bring us in  in that way that you did. So, it's very equal  in so many ways. Every time you come out, Katie, you're just magical. ke, your presence  is so awesome.  So, it's very equal  in Thank you.ys. That was a perfect song for you because we all pay attention to the song selection 'cause you got to make an album one day, right? And both of you  chose rad songs. But I was like,  "Oh, Max." [ Laughter ] Me, too, honestly. All four of us wouldn't want to  sing after her. Yeah, right. You know, like, award shows,  we all have to go after each other,  and you're like, "Cool, I'm following Beyoncé. Everyone's gonna be paying  attention." [ Laughter ] We're all different artists, and I actually thought, Max, you won this one now  just because...  Wow. ...I expected Katie  to be Wonder Woman. I didn't expect you  to be Superman. Wow. Thank you so much.  Thank you. Blake: Max,  I'm literally shocked. You know, it's easy  to remember Katie and every time  she comes out here, they have to  repair the roof. [ Laughter ] For sure. Sorry. But it's a great time  for you to have the kind of moment  that you just had. Yeah. Katie, that song is basically  chewing somebody out, and the way  that you sang it, it was like you were getting  more angry. Like, "Yeah,  and then you -- you forgot  to feed my goldfish." [ Laughter ] "And my dog!  What about my dog?!" You know, it's like next thing  you know, we're all going, "Oh, my God, she's remembering  things," you know? I just got to say,  I-I would pick Katie. Daly: Thank you, Coaches. Alright, John,  it all comes down to you. First of all,  I want to tell both of you how proud I am  to be your coach. You picked perfect songs  for who you are as artists, and you executed them so  beautiful and masterfully. It was a joy for me to watch,  so thank you for that. Thank you. John, tough decision, but who is  the winner of this knockout? ♪ Max, you told the story  of the song so perfectly, and you surprised  everyone here. Thank you. Katie, every time you come out  here, you give us fireworks. You have so much potential.  You're a superstar. The winner of this knockout  is Katie. Katie, congratulations, you're moving on  to the live playoffs. [ Cheers and applause ] Katie obviously  set the bar very high with her blind audition, and she's just continued  being thoroughly impressive, electric, and powerful. I can see her going  extremely far on this show, if not carrying away  "The Voice" trophy herself. Coaches, let me remind you, Max is available to steal. Max, anything you would like to say to your coach? This has been one of the craziest experiences of my life. Being able to work with you  has been just surreal, so thank you so much. Give it up for Max Boyle, ladies and gentlemen! [ Applause ] Congratulations.  Great job. Fantastic.  Thank you. Daly: We've got a steal...  Oh, oh! ...times two! Kelly Clarkson, Gwen Stefani  used their one and only steals! [ Laughs ]  He got stolen. Thank God! Oh, my gosh! You just made me  freak out there. I know!  [ Laughs ] Yeah, Max! Daly: And let me just  quickly remind our audience that in the knockouts,  our coaches only get one steal. Yeah. And both Gwen and Kelly  go all in on Max. Kelly, talk to us. I was so moved.  I'm not kidding. I love Katie. I think she is a contender  for finale, but I think you blew her away  in that moment. I thought you were incredible. Coach Gwen. This show is so amazing  because we had no idea that you were gonna be  that good. You moved us with your singing  and with your personality and with your stage presence,  and you are the kind of artist that I would listen to  on a record. That's why I pressed my button.  I'd love to work with you. Who do you pick? Oh, my God. [ Audience shouting ] This is weird.  I don't... Um... I pick Kelly.  Yes! Kelly Clarkson steals Max Boyle away from John Legend! Thank you so much. It was so good, man. For the blinds, I was in between  Kelly and John. I don't know who I would've  picked, but Kelly got blocked, so having the chance to work  with her now, it's surreal. I was not planning  on doing that. I didn't know  how good he was until I heard him  sing that song.  Yeah. Kelly: I had to steal Max. This performance  where he got to pick his song, it was so tasteful  and perfect. I cannot wait  to work with Max. That was really good. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 