The Voice: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Voice 
 s4e1 - Blind Auditions - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Voice (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 1 - Blind Auditions - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Daly: The blind auditions start right now! Give it up to your coaches for season four! Adam levine! Adam: The thing that makes "the voice" better Is the fact that we are singers. And I see myself in a lot of these contestants. Daly: Shakira! Shakira: I wanted to be a coach on "the voice" To help someone else achieve their own dreams. And I've been exposed to so many different influences, I can put it at the surface of my team. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [ cheering ] Daly: Usher! Usher: This is the show that I want to be associated with Because it has credibility And they really do focus on the artist. And it's an opportunity to do what I love, which is mentor. Daly: And blake shelton! Blake: Every year, I learn more and more From these kids that try out for this show, And they remind me how lucky I am To be in the position that I am. And they inspire me. Tonight, "the voice" is back. Our two returning-champion coaches 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Are ready to take their chairs. And this season, they're joined By two music-industry giants and international icons. Latin superstar and global phenomenon shakira Released her debut album at age 14. Producer and singer/songwriter, she's won over nine grammys, Sold over 60 million records With hit singles in over 55 countries, Conquering the globe. Shakira: ♪ whenever, wherever One of the greatest performers In american music history, ♪ wheneveusher.Rever Winning eight grammys, eight american music awards, And launching one of music's biggest pop stars, Justin bieber. I build winners, man. I'm pretty good at it. [ chuckles ] Two-time returning champion And one of country music's biggest stars, Blake shelton. He's the reigning cma entertainer of the year, Three-time cma male vocalist of the year, And two-time acm male vocalist of the year. ♪ be cool if you did And adam levine, Lead singer of maroon 5 and "voice" season one champion. Whoo! He's a two-time american music award And three-time grammy award winner. Blake: The blind audition -- that's like christmas morning. That's the moment the magic of this show begins to happen. Adam: It's very cool, you know. Like, we have our backs turned, And you hear the click of a high heel or a cowboy boot, And that is one of my favorite parts of the show. Artist: They don't know what I look like. It's a fair playing ground. Usher: People believe what they see, And it's all contingent upon your talent. Artist #2: Just focused on the voice Is an advantage for everybody. Shakira: There's no prejudice involved. And that's really refreshing. Only the best of the best Were invited to audition for our coaches. Artist #3: This is the opportunity of a lifetime As an artist. Artist #4: I know that this will put me at another level. Artist #5: The coaches aren't judges, And they will help you to be better. But with only 12 spots per team, When the artists step on stage, They'll have to give the audition of their lives. ♪ yeah, yeah ♪ what if god was one of us? ♪ now, if they freed me from this prison ♪ ♪ if that railroad train were mine ♪ ♪ what a girl wants And if a coach hits their button, The artist joins that coach's team. Let's get it done. We're gonna win this thing. Whoo! But if more than one coach likes what they hear, The power to choose shifts. Whoo! Pick me! The stakes couldn't be higher. I... Think big. Pick... Adam: You never know if you're gonna convince Some of these guys to join your team. It's fun. And it's humbling, too. Shakira: I know you have a major decision, But I just want to hug you. I love you! I love you! I love you! Blake: That's what I love about "the voice" -- Helping artists to follow their dreams. And in the end, Only one artist will win it all -- A recording contract with universal music group, The chance to become america's next superstar, And be named the voice. Yeah! Tonight the blind auditions begin... You like that right there? ...And one of the biggest surprises in "voice" history Will shock our coaches. Wow. Blake: No way. [ cheers and applause ] Daly: It's our biggest season yet, And it all starts right now with our coaches joining forces For the very first time on "the voice" stage. Give it up for adam levine, blake shelton, Shakira, and usher! [ "come together" plays ] ♪ here come old flat-top ♪ he come groovin' up slowly ♪ he got juju eyeball ♪ he one holy roller ♪ he got ♪ hair down ♪ to his knee ♪ got to be a joker ♪ he just do what he please ♪ come on ♪ yeah Hey, y'all. How y'all feeling? ♪ he wear no shoeshine ♪ he got toe-jam football ♪ he got monkey finger ♪ he shoot coca-cola ♪ he say ♪ I know you ♪ you know me ♪ one thing I can tell you ♪ is you got to be free All: ♪ come together ♪ right now ♪ over me [ harmonica playing ] ♪ come together Hey! ♪ right now ♪ come together ♪ right now ♪ come together ♪ right now ♪ over me [ cheers and applause ] Daly: Give it up to your coaches for season four, Adam levine, Blake shelton, Shakira, And usher! The blind auditions start right now. Outside the stage, the artists invited to audition Are eager to perform for our coaches. First up, a pairing Never seen before on "the voice." My name is cara morgan. I'm 27 years old, And I'm from rochester, new york. I'm her twin sister, rhian. Both: And we are the morgan twins. To be the first set of twins on "the voice" Is amazing for us. Cara: We feel like we can bring something New and special to the show. We got our start when my dad had us audition For a '60s girl group when we were like 13 years old. We did that for about five years Where we really learned to harmonize, And now harmonizing is kind of our thing. We were very excited to find out That usher would be a coach this season 'cause we would really love the opportunity To possibly work with him. We do everything together except for where we work. I work as a property and casualty insurance agent. And I'm a mental-health therapist. Do you guys always dress alike? We do. Yeah. You do everything together? We do everything. Yes. Everything. So, do you get the feeling that life could Start to sort of split you guys apart? Well, yeah, once we get married, Have kids, it's, you know -- Yeah. We're sad. Both: We don't want that to happen. Oh, my god. That is so crazy how that happened. Nice to meet you both. You too. Rhian: Whenever we're apart, There's definitely separation anxiety. Cara: But I feel like when we get together, We're just unstoppable. I have this feeling, you know, Like, we have to do everything perfectly. We got to get on stage, and we really got to own it, And we have to stand out. This is an opportunity of a lifetime for us. If a coach does turn around, It's gonna be the happiest day of our lives. What? What? What's going on back there? Woman: Oh, come on, girls. Oh. Cara: ♪ I keep on fallin' ♪ I-I-I-I-I-n [ audience cheering ] Whoa! Both: ♪ and out of love Oh! Now we're talking! ♪ with you Yes! Yes! Yeah, baby. ♪ sometimes I love ya ♪ sometimes you make me blue ♪ sometimes I feel good ♪ at times I feel used ♪ lovin' you, darlin' ♪ makes me so confused ♪ I keep on fallin' ♪ in and out of love ♪ with you ♪ I never loved someone ♪ the way that I love you ♪ oh, oh, oh, I ♪ never felt this way Oh! You -- ♪ how do you give me so much pleasure ♪ ♪ cause me so much pain ♪ ♪ I keep on fallin' ♪ in and out of love ♪ with you ♪ I've never loved someone ♪ the way that I love you ♪ oh, baby ♪ fa-a-a-llin' ♪ fa-[ audience cheering ] Blake: Okay. Is this for real? Is this really happening right now? This is a dream come true for most...Men. [ laughter ] What's y'all's names? [ laughs ] the morgan twins. [ audience cheering ] wow. I hit my button before I even knew There was a duo happening up there. There was just some really cool runs. And, god, just great singing. Thank you. And then to turn around And see y'all like a damn doublemint commercial. Congratulations for making it onto "the voice." Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [ cheers and applause ] Usher: You know, and congratulations On being able to get all of us to hit our button. Do you guys enjoy singing r&b; music? Yes. Yeah. We do. Yeah. I know a thing or two about that, you know. You know, I haven't won "the voice." She hasn't, either, But, you know, these guys are gonna say, You know, "you should come with us because we have the experience and we won." Well, if you come with me, It'll be a journey for the first time, And we'll win together. [ cheers and applause ] thank you. Adam: This is just the most surreal thing I've ever seen. 'cause these guys turned around And then kind of looked at me like, "you should turn around." [ laughter ] When I was listening to your unison notes together, I was like, "that's, like, dna." Yeah, it sounded like one voice with a chorus effect. That's why I asked you, "are they a duo?" And greater than that, Yo, pitch perfect on your high note. I mean -- Yeah. Absolutely perfect. I mean, there's so many amazing things going on with it. Major unique points on the whole thing here. [ cheers and applause ] thank you. Shakira: Okay, let's face it. Any of these three guys would be great. But you should really make sure That you're gonna pick the coach that's gonna be Depositing the most faith in you, 'cause faith is the engine. And I have that faith in your talent, Not because you're twins only. You have amazing voices. I'm convinced about the fact that you are gonna make it big, And I would like to be a part of that process. [ cheers and applause ] thank you. I'd like to talk to you about a guy who understands What it's like to have family in this business, Because my wife is also a recording artist. [ laughter ] And that's something he's using that. That you have to be very protective of. And, I mean, look at you two up there holding hands. It's almost like you're sisters. Blake basically just said, "I have a wife, and you're sisters -- Therefore, we're alike." [ laughter ] Well [laughs] You know what the right thing to do here is. [ audience shouting ] It is time to make a decision. You get to pick your coach. [ audience shouting ] I want to do this, too. [ audience chanting "usher" ] I'm gonna show you the power. Dang it. Watch. I got it. Rhian: Okay, the coach We are going to pick... That we pick... ...Is blake. ...Blake. Yeah! ♪ na, na, na-na-na-na, na, na, na, na ♪ ♪ na, na, na, na, na-na-na-na ♪ ♪ do you believe in this? Congratulations, girls. Thank you. This is awesome. This is so awesome. Yo, your wife's gonna kill you, man. I know. [ laughs ] Blake: They had me way before I even knew it was a duo. That could have been just a solo artist up there. I still would have tried to win them over. [ cheering ] I mean, we were going between usher and blake Because we do love the pop and the r&b;, But we also do love country, as well. Cara: Blake seemed so genuine. That was the hardest decision of my life. Four chairs. Unreal. What did that feel like? It's great to know that we could get that far with our voice. Congratulations. Thank you! Daly: Blake keeps his winning streak alive As the two-time "voice" champ Scores his first artists of season four. "hey, miranda, how you doing, baby?" [ laughter ] "yeah, miranda, so, I got these hot identical twins." [ laughs ] "they picked me. I couldn't help it." That is gonna be rough. "I'm sorry, baby. No, no, stop yelling. No, no. Please don't divorce me." [ laughter ] Daly: Coming up... ♪ well Daly: ...With the stakes set high... ♪ someday I'll be Daly: ...The artists give it their all. ♪ ohhh Daly: And for our two new coaches, The competition means holding nothing back. Are you bribing her with justin bieber tickets? He's in the back if you want to... I have beginner's luck, and I'm gonna transmit that. You just lost, adam. Daly: And later... Judith: ♪ you're the one who always knew ♪ Daly: ...A show-stopping voice Brings our coaches to their feet. - sync by Zac - www.addic7ed.com Daly: Welcome back to the blind auditions. ♪ I keep on fallin' Daly: The new season kicked off With blake landing two great voices, The morgan twins. Congratulations, girls. Your wife's gonna kill you, man. I know. [ laughs ] Next, a singer from austin, texas, Hopes one of our coaches will push their button for her. My name is jess kellner, and I'm 21 years old. It's super-hard to be a hairdresser and a musician Because pretty much all of your work is during the day And all of your music stuff is at night. Starting to see the vision here. Although I love doing hair, my main passion is music. Growing up, my mom was an alcoholic. And so, it was tough, Because I loved my mom when she was sober. But I had to shut it off out of my brain, Like, kind of like she wasn't a part of my life. So, when I moved in with my dad, I was trying to make my stepmom my mom. I wanted that mom figure there. And they really encouraged me to just focus on my music. Go be yourself. I love you. Music's been a really important part of jessica's life, And I think that's been her way of letting out that emotion That she maybe didn't know how to let out otherwise. Jess: Music has gotten me through so much, And to be able to get through this process And really touch somebody will be incredible. [ voice breaking ] I love you. I love you, too. My family is The most important thing in the world to me. My mom is doing so good now. She's completely sober. Every time I talk to her, she's so positive. It's a motivation. I need a chair to turn around Because I want to do big things for my family. [ laughter ] [ gasps ] Oh, my god. There she is. ♪ wise men say ♪ only fools rush in [ audience cheering ] ♪ but I can't help [ cheering ] ♪ falling in love ♪ with you Wow. ♪ like a river flows ♪ surely to the sea Come on! Push it, push it, push it! ♪ darling, so it goes ♪ some things are meant to be ♪ so won't you please ♪ just ♪ take my hand ♪ and take my whole life, too ♪ but I can't help [ audience cheering ] ♪ falling in love ♪ with you [ audience cheering ] Oh, my gosh! Oh, my gosh. This is so exciting for so many reasons, okay? First of all, the newbies are gonna fight over you, Which I'm very excited to watch. Adam and I are like, "oh!" yay! What's yr name? I'm jess kellner. Where you from, jess? Austin, texas. Man, I was really intrigued by your voice. Really? Yes. I'm really, really happy That I'm gonna have you on my team. Oh! Shakira: Yeah, yeah, yeah, right. There we go. There we go. Yeah, right. No, you're gonna come to my team. I turned my chair Because I was haunted by the timbre of your voice. You have so much silk in it. You know, your pitch might have not been perfect, But we'll overcome those little obstacles Once you get all the confidence that I will inject in you. Damn. [ cheers and applause ] You have such a great voice, But I heard too much adele, you know. Right. Adele's much more raspy. She's more -- she's raspy and more raw. Yeah, tell him, shakira. Tell him. [ laughter ] tell him! She's already part of my team. I got to defend her. Get him! Get him! [ laughs ] Actually, what I was gonna say, I heard too much adele influence. Oh, okay, that's different. [ laughter ] I'm sorry. But the good news is, One of these guys are gonna have a great singer on their team. And congratulations. Thank you so much. [ applause ] The battle was supposed to be between shakira and usher, And she just ripped your ass wide open. It was awesome. By the way, so far, You're losing between the two of y'all. That's true. Usher, you better say something, man, or she's gonna go with shakira. Well, you know, I'll say this. Every decision that I've ever made in my career Was based off of what I felt And what I knew I wanted to accomplish. Mm-hmm. Do you want it to last forever? Yes. Absolutely. Then rock with me. Ooh! Damn. [ cheers and applause ] I understand you. You need a girl working hand-in-hand with you. So, who do you pick as your coach? Oh, my gosh. I can't even thank y'all enough for even turning around. And to have the two new coaches, that's awesome. Um... That's a tough decision. [ audience shouting ] Okay. I'm gonna go with you, usher. [ cheers and applause ] Wow. Yeah. Good choice. You like it. It's fun now, right? It's fun now. Shakira: I get it. I'm excited. Usher: I'm really excited to work with jess. And I love artists who have that tone. [ cheers and applause ] We're good. [ laughs ] It gets real. It gets real fast. I lose her. I am unbelievably psyched. I can't even describe it. Thank you, usher, for changing my life. [ squeals ] She played the female card. You believe that? Right off the bat. Right off the bat. Didn't work, man. You threw the flirt in, though. I got to like, you know... [ cheers and applause ] [ laughter ] We all play to our strengths. This is what we do. Daly: Coming up... ♪ yeah Daly: ...Incredible performances Have our coaches singing the artists' praises... That is sexy. Don't you agree, girls? We could win together. Yes, she is. She's just little. Daly: ...Stopping at nothing... I'm going to claw everyone's face Until you realize that I'm your friggin' coach. For god's sake. ...To get the ones they want. I am so passionate about you. I haven't felt this way. Whoa! Welcome back to the blind auditions. They do have a little bit of an advantage, adam and blake, Because they've been in the show for so long. -Yeah. -So that people know them already. You know what, though? They don't have the edge that we have. See, we're new. We have to utilize that, too. Yeah. Those guys are dated. -Yeah. Absolutely. -We're fresh meat. No doubt. [ both laugh ] Usher: Oh, here he comes. How you feeling? Y'all working out your strategy for today? Our strategy is to beat adam. You want to join us? Yes, I do. [ laughter ] Daly: While our coaches plot against adam, This next artist hopes to leave his job And focus on his passion. My name's mark andrew. I'm from eden prairie, minnesota, And I'm 27 years old. Right now, I roof houses with my older brother. 'cause I work for my family, I'm able to go out And still gig or take days off if I need to. Roofing is not something That I want to do for the rest of my life. It's definitely dangerous work. Tell me a little bit about your music background. Got into playing music And got a really cool band in high school. We got to open for my brother's band a couple times, oh, cool. Played at some festivals and stuff like that. The band was such a cohesive unit. Kind of can play off of each other without having to speak. It was one of those relationships. Did the band stay together? My drummer actually ended up getting hit by a drunk driver, And he passed away. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, that's terrible. That was pretty rough. And actually my guitar player actually ended up Just passing away recently. Oh, my god, mark. It was a pretty big impact. Kind of, like, felt like you lost a part of yourself. I couldn't find somebody to really replace them. [ sniffles ] it's hard to deal with. I don't think I've actually fully coped with it yet. I think both those guys are kind of my guardian angels. [ sniffles ] [ breathes deeply ] I'm definitely here in their name, But it's also for me 'cause this is what I love. It's what makes me happy. "the voice," to me, is an opportunity To have the coaches just hear my voice And judge me on that. That's something that's really important to me. This moment is what I've wanted my whole life. And if I can get that affirmation, It'll mean everything to me. I definitely want to dedicate this performance To my former band mates, noah and matt. ♪ mama, take this badge off of me ♪ [ audience cheering ] ♪ well ♪ I can't use it anymore ♪ oh [ audience cheering ] ♪ it's gettin' dark, too dark to see ♪ Yeah! ♪ well, and I feel like ♪ I'm knockin' on heaven's door ♪ ♪ mm ♪ knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door ♪ ♪ mm ♪ knock, knockin' on heaven's door ♪ ♪ so, mama, put my guns to the ground ♪ ♪ well, I can't shoot them anymore ♪ ♪ no ♪ the long black cloud is comin' down ♪ ♪ well, and I feel like ♪ I'm knockin' on heaven's door ♪ ♪ well ♪ now, ma said I'm knockin' ♪ you can take my gun ♪ say my time is come ♪ oh ♪ and as I'm lying here on this floor ♪ ♪ I'm just knockin' on heaven's door ♪ ♪ said I'm knockin' now ♪ yeah, I'm knockin' on heaven's door ♪ [ chuckles ] [ audience cheering ] Hi. Adam: How you doing, man? What's your name? My name's mark andrew. Congratulations. You are officially on "the voice." [ cheers and applause ] I think that what made me turn around Was the fact that You didn't sound like anybody else. To be honest with you, I don't think that, for your voice, It was necessarily the best choice, Which was what was exciting about it Because I think that there's a lot more to you. And also, then, the control. You have a really nice way Of kind of maneuvering around those notes And doing it in a really cool way. I was hooked. Thank you. [ cheers and applause ] Shakira: Oh, my god. I loved your performance from top to bottom. I am so passionate about you. I haven't felt this way. [ laughter ] No, I mean, I feel this way about my boyfriend, of course. But I haven't felt this way so far. And I disagree with adam on the choice of the song. It's okay. You don't have to agree with me. I still love you. [ laughter ] What made you choose this song? It's actually the song I learned to play guitar with. Interesting that you should say that Because I, too, have the same skill set. [ laughter ] I do play guitar, too. I am so passionate about you. And when I'm passionate about something, man, I put my heart and soul, and I make things happen. I make things happen, too, 'cause I won one year. [ laughter ] But that's beginner's luck. I have beginner's luck. [ laughs ] I'm new in the show. I'm the new kid on the block. I have that luck, And I'm gonna transmit that. You just lost, adam. [ laughter ] I know she's a lot prettier than I am. Hear, hear. [ laughter ] Don't be blinded by lust, my friend. [ laughs ] So, who's it gonna be, man? Uh... [ audience shouting ] You know... ...I don't think my wife would ever forgive me If I didn't go with shakira, so I pick shakira. Oh, yeah! [ cheers and applause ] I promise you we're gonna do great. Adam: Mark is great. I know that sounds simple, But it's like you got it or you don't. And he got it. Thanks a lot, man. Appreciate it. Good job, man. I'm so glad that I beat adam on that one. 'cause I'm truly passionate about this guy. And I really wanted him on my team. Team shakira is here. [ cheering ] [ laughter ] Daly: Coming up, Usher and shakira stir the competition. He's gonna start going like this with the finger. And he's gonna start, like, showing his tattoos and stuff. And usher is gonna lift his other leg. Adam: As far as I'm concerned, I'm running for president right now. But I'm looking for the first lady. [ cheers and applause ] Oh, my god. Daly: Welcome back to the blind auditions. Our four coaches are each on a mission To build the strongest teams of 12 artists. Both: Blake. Yeah! Daly: But they have to do it with their backs to the stage. My name is janetza miranda. I am 25 years old, and I am from newark, new jersey. I grew up in a very energetic, happy puerto rican family. My parents both grew up in puerto rico, So they always wanted me and my sisters To be extremely proud of where we came from. One of the groups that I sing with is a bachata group. Bachata is a spanish genre of music. It's just kind of...Bachata. [ laughing ] I don't know how to describe it. Both: ♪ ba-ta-ta-ta-ta ♪ ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta Wow, you guys got it down. Our blind auditions, they can't see you, So you gonna work some of the bachata in? I don't know if I could work bachata into "titanium," But I'm probably gonna work A little bird call in there or something. What is the bird call? [ imitates bird squawking ] [ imitates bird squawking ] [ imitates bird squawking ] Oh, my god. [ laughter ] Janetza: Today latin artists develop a fan base Within the spanish community, and then they cross over And go into english like shakira did, And I would love to follow in her footsteps. Singing in front of shakira is a lot of pressure. To have her a few feet away from me Is gonna be a little nerve-wracking for me. [ audience cheering ] [ laughs ] [ laughing ] I can't do this right now. Oh, my god. Just really anxious To just get up on stage and do my thing. Good luck. This performance is going to determine What's gonna happen with the rest of my life. [ cheering ] Come on, baby! ♪ you shout it out ♪ but I can't hear a word you say ♪ ♪ I'm talking loud ♪ not saying much ♪ I'm criticized ♪ but all your bullets ricochet ♪ [ cheering ] ♪ you shoot me down ♪ but I get up ♪ you shoot me down ♪ but I won't fall ♪ I am titanium ♪ you shoot me down ♪ but I won't fall ♪ I am titaniu-u-u-u-m ♪ I am titanium ♪ stone-hard ♪ machine gun ♪ firing at the ones who run go! Go! Go! [ all shouting ] ♪ stone-hard ♪ those bulletproof gla-a-a-ss ♪ you shoot me down ♪ but I won't fall ♪ I am titaniu-u-u-u-m ♪ I am titaniu-u-u-u-m [ applause ] Hello. What's your name? Janetza. This sucks, and I'm sorry. Don't -- relax. Relax. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Come here, come here. It's gonna be all right. Don't worry about it. [ applause ] Listen. Listen, listen. It's gonna be all right. I promise. I promise. [ crying ] We're gonna tell you some stuff and we're gonna help you, And you're gonna come back. Okay. Come on, guys. [ cheers and applause ] I want these guys to say something. I think it was the key. If you would have picked Maybe half-step down or something, You would have been able To display your voice the way you wanted to, 'cause you have a very strong voice. I actually think you probably do deserve To be in this competition. I agree. It was the verses. It seemed a little too dramatic for me, And I hope that you'll do us the favor Of coming back and trying this again. I will. Okay. [ applause ] And great that you were able to come out here Aside from all of the nerves that you, you know, you felt. You know, this isn't the end. It's just the beginning. It's just the beginning. Okay. [ cheers and applause ] Look at the audience. They're all standing. Thank you. All of you. Thank you. Adam: Janetza was definitely visibly shaken, But I just wanted her to kind of take a breath And realize she's gonna have a good career. [ cheering ] Whoo! It's okay. [ laughs ] Let's go home! Let's go home! We got more work to do, baby! [ imitates bird squawking ] Daly: Coming up, singers of all experience levels... Kris: I was introduced to a talent scout, And they signed me on the spot. This is my first performance. Shakira: No way. Whoa! I spent two months rehearsing with michael jackson. Daly: ...Take the stage to move our coaches. It's like a star just hatched out of a shell up there. Shakira: You are so good. Your pitch was perfect. I'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight. Think big! Think big! Daly: Welcome back to the blind auditions. Both: Blake. Yeah! Shakira. Oh, yeah! Usher. Daly: So far tonight, Blake, shakira, and usher have each scored one artist. We're gonna be great. This is so awesome. Adam has yet to convince a singer To join his team. Maybe this next vocalist, Aspiring country singer danielle bradbery, Will be his first. I am 16 years old, and I'm from cypress, texas. I got into music from my cousin. She sang around the house a lot, And it made me more interested in singing and music. Growing up, I was teased Because I had crooked teeth. The other kids made me feel down, And I just felt like I wanted to remain in the shadows. So I would sing a lot in my room. My little girl. [ chuckles ] I love you. Gloria: Danielle always loved to sing. One thanksgiving she sat under the table And sang for all of our family. And everyone was amazed 'cause they didn't know she had such a beautiful voice. In front of all of them, I think I became more confident. But being on "the voice" in front of those coaches Would be my first time in the spotlight, And I'm gonna be nervous. If no coaches turn around, I would question If this was what I wanted to do or not. [ cheers and applause ] If a coach turns around, My confidence would go up a lot, Because having a star turn around for you Is really exciting. [ laughs ] I hope my dreams come true today. [ chuckles ] Gloria: Here she comes. You all right? Yeah. Come on. Haven't started yet. Don't cry yet. Okay. All right. Here we go. ♪ you, with your words like knives ♪ ♪ and swords and weapons that you use against me ♪ ♪ you have knocked me off my feet again ♪ ♪ got me feeling like I'm nothing ♪ ♪ you can take me down ♪ with just one single blow I like that. ♪ but you don't know what you don't know ♪ You! No! ♪ someday ♪ I'll be living in a big old city ♪ [ cheering ] ♪ and all you're ever gonna be is mean ♪ ♪ someday I'll be ♪ big enough so you can't hit me ♪ ♪ and all you're ever gonna be is mean ♪ ♪ why you gotta be so mean? ♪ and I can see you oh, my god. You all right? Congratulations. ♪ years from now, in a bar ♪ talking over a football game ♪ with that same big loud opinion ♪ ♪ but nobody's listening ♪ washed up and ranting about ♪ the same old bitter things Oh! ♪ someday what are you doing?! ♪ I'll be living ♪ in a big old city turn back around! ♪ and all you're ever gonna be is mean ♪ ♪ yeah, yeah ♪ someday I'll be ♪ big enough so you can't hit me ♪ ♪ and all you're ever gonna be is mean ♪ ♪ why you gotta be so mean? [ cheers and applause ] Yeah! Whoo! Wow. Wow! [ danielle chuckles ] Oh, my gosh. You are so good. Thank you. And you're so little. Yes, she is. She's just little. Yes, she is. [ laughter ] What's your name? I'm danielle bradbery. Hello, danielle. Where are you from? I'm from cypress, texas. Don't say you're from texas. Texas? Don't say -- he's not from texas. I know a thing or two about texas girls. That's all I'm saying. They're gonna fight over her. He lives near texas. [ laughter ] But not in texas. Hey, listen, your pitch is amazing. How old are you, by the way? I'm 16. Shakira: Wow. Amazing. [ cheers and applause ] I feel so stupid I didn't turn my chair. I would really feel stupid, too, if I were you. [ laughs ] I feel stupid. I'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight. You were so good. Your pitch was perfect. The only thing is that I imagined That you would be wearing cowboy boots. And you envisioned her doing the right thing And picking me as her coach, right? Yeah. Adam: You're so young. And the fact that you're so good already -- I mean, how many times have you played in front of people? This is my first big performance. Shakira: No way. Whoa! [ cheers and applause ] Oh, my gosh. Wow. Listen, I can't believe how incredible you sound For a 16-year-old who's never really done this before ever. I know you have cowboy boots, But you sang a taylor swift song. I do believe that taylor swift Is not primarily a country artist. No, we take ownership of taylor swift In country music. Okay. [ laughter ] It may be an obvious play for me to speak of justin bieber When I'm sitting here, but... [ groans ] [ groans ] [ laughter ] You have no soul. I can't believe you'd do that to her. I'm not promising that you will be at every concert And every awards show and you'll have every ticket -- Are you bribing her with justin bieber tickets? Actually, he's in the back if you want to... [ laughter ] don't succumb to this bribery. This is bribery. It's not bribery. What I'm gonna tell you is that I think that you did An incredible job with the song, you know. Thank you. You know, he's an expert in the area of country. Thank you. And I just fand I I want to do something that's gonna shock the world. I really feel like you have the talent And we could win together. [ audience cheering ] Oh, my god. You know, and here's the bottom line. You can become a teenage star in country music. Pop/country. And I want to be the guy That introduces you toto nashville, Because that is gonna be a feather in my cap. You have an opportunity to be an artist That will speak to the world. Nashville is a state. It's a city. You have so much more potential than just nashville. I'm still fascinated by nashville being a state. [ laughs ] Right. [ laughs ] Tennessee. Come on. [ laughs ] and he's from there. That's what's really sad about it. It's one of the 60 states. Shut up. [ laughs ] I think they've said enough, danielle. [ laughter ] I did say that, didn't I? Yeah, you did. [ laughs ] It's a state of mind. Nashville is a state of mind. State of mind is what he meant to say. Come on, danielle. You know what you're supposed to do. Danielle, think big! Think big! [ audience cheering ] Think big! Oh, my god. Welcome back to the blind auditions. ♪ why you gotta be so mean? Daly: Before the break, Three coaches pushed their buttons For 16-year-old country singer danielle bradbery. I can't believe how incredible you sound For a 16-year-old. Usher: I really feel like you have the talent And we could win together. Blake: Here's the bottom line. You can become a teenage star in country music. Daly: Now danielle gets to pick her coach. Come on, danielle. You know what you're supposed to do. Danielle, think big! Think big! Oh, my god. [ audience cheering ] Think big! First of all... Y'all are all amazing, and I thank you for everything. And I think my heart goes out to blake. Yeah! Yes! Thank you, danielle! Of course. Thank you, danielle! You are awesome! Oh, my god! She's gonna be great! Blake: I seriously could not be more excited right now About danielle being on my team. You're amazing. Amazing. Thank you. Blake: She completely energized me, And the fact that this is, like, Her first big performance ever... She's awesome. ...I mean, what the hell? That is crazy to think that. You ready? Ready for this? [ audience cheering ] [ laughs ] Usher: Danielle -- she knew who she wanted When she woke up this morning and put her boots on. But anyway, I figured why not go for it? Can't wait to get back To my home state of nashville, though. [ laughs ] Usher: I never thought that I would disgrace myself And call nashville a state. But you know what? Sometimes your mouth is moving faster than your brain. You got to slow it down. I had her considering it all up until that. Oh, my god. [ laughter ] Blake: Oh, that made my day. [ cheering ] Oh, my god, danielle! Danielle: Oh, my god. I never thought this would happen. I'm speechless. [ laughs ] Daly: Usher, who's made justin bieber, Blake shelton, who's got 12 number-1 hits, Adam levine -- I mean, they're fighting over you. What were you thinking when they were talking? It was amazing. [ laughs ] I'm so excited for you. Welcome to "the voice." You did so great, danielle. Way to go. Daly: Danielle is one step closer To fulfilling her dream. Up next, 19-year-old aspiring r&b; singer vedo Hopes he has what it takes to get our coaches' attention. Vedo: I always thought singing was gonna be a hobby Until I was 13. I did a talent show at my older brother's high school. And from that point on, It was just a love that grew with me. Vedo: Usher turn around, it's gonna be crazy. I'm gonna start shouting on stage. [ laughs ] I was really excited to see that usher was the coach on the show Because I will be singing "boyfriend" by justin bieber. That's usher's artist, And I'm hoping that adding my own twist to this song Will cause usher to turn around, Because I feel like "the voice" is the platform that I need To push my career to the next level. How's everything going? I'm good. I'm good, man. My mom was gonna be here, actually, But she wasn't feeling too well this morning. But she's gonna be backstage watching me perform. Okay. My mom, man, she's just amazing. We were homeless for about two, three years on the street, You know, living out of our car, you know. She would take us and wash us up in a gas-station bathroom And send us off to school. Pretty rough for us. My mom was still the one that stuck by our side And said, "hey, it's gonna be okay. You know, we're gonna make it together." Recently got a call from my older brother, And he said that she's been diagnosed With stage-four lung cancer And that she has two months to live, Maybe six months at the most. I immediately said, "hey, I'm coming home, And I'll be by your side as long as you need me to." Hey, mom. Here's dinner. Mm, thank you, son. I was taking care of her when "the voice" called me. He was like, "mom, I'm not gonna do 'the voice' Because I need to stay here and take care of you." And I told him, "no, this is your dream, "and it's gonna make me feel even better If you go for what you've been trying to do all your life." I will always be vedo's number-one fan. Always. Good night. Love you. Vedo: When I see her in pain like this, The feeling is just -- I can't explain it. She's my heart. She's my queen. She's my everything. [ sniffles ] I'm sorry. [ sobs ] [ sniffles ] [ voice breaking ] I just don't want to lose my mama. [ sniffles ] I...I don't want to lose my mom at all. [ sniffles ] She's the reason that I sing. She's the reason I dance. [ sniffles ] This is for you, mama. I love you. Daly: Here we go. Come on, vedo. [ audience cheering ] ♪ if I was your boyfriend ♪ I'd never let you go ♪ baby, I can take you places ♪ you ain't never been before ♪ swag ♪ I'd like to be ♪ everything you want Man: Come on, ush. Right now. ♪ hey, girl Come on, ush, come on! ♪ let me talk to you ♪ if I was your boyfriend ♪ I'd never let you go ♪ I'd keep you on my arm, girl ♪ you'd never be alone ♪ I can be a gentleman ♪ or anything you want ♪ if I was your boyfriend [ cheering ] ♪ I'd never let you go ♪ you'll never be ♪ give me a chance ♪ 'cause you're all I need, girl ♪ ♪ spend a week with your boy ♪ I'll be calling you my girlfriend ♪ ♪ if I was your man ♪ I'd never leave you, girl ♪ I just want to love you ♪ and treat you right Yeah! [ laughs ] ♪ baby, if I was your boyfriend ♪ Hey! ♪ oh, oh, yeah whoo! He sounds good. ♪ baby, if I was your boyfriend ♪ [ cheers and applause ] All right. [ laughs ] Thank you. Thank you. Look at that -- standing ovation. Standing "o." Usher: What's up, homie? What's good, what's good? All right. What's your name, man? Vedo. I was about to turn my chair for you, But let's face it -- usher is your man. Hey, hey. [ laughter ] We're here, baby. We're here. I got you, man. And I want to ask you, who inspires you to sing? Well, my mom is my biggest inspiration. My mom is. Aww. Oh, he said his mom! Your mother's so proud of you. Yeah. I know she's backstage crying right now. I'm gonna go cry with her. [ audience cheering ] Well, I'll tell you the reason why we did not turn around. I didn't want to hear him say, "funny I should be hearing you sing "this justin bieber song Because I discovered the child." [ laughter ] So, without further ado, I give you usher. Yeah, man. You know, it takes a lot to come in front of an audience And win them over, man. Thank you. And, you know, it wasn't just justin's song That won me over -- it was your voice. And I'm gonna offer everything that I have To help you be the best you can be, man. Welcome to team usher. I love it, man. ♪ I'm on top of the world Yeah, man. Appreciate it. Yeah, man. Get ready. Adam: Great job, man. Great job. Great job. Thank you. Thank you. [ laughs ] Vedo, he had hella personality, man, And that's gonna really take us a long way. He's real good, dude. Yeah. He's good. That's gonna be fun. Usher: We're gonna reach those rounds Where we're really gonna have to win the audience over. And, you know, that's always a secret weapon. I hope to go far with him. [ cheering ] Yeah! Vedo: Having my mom here In spite of what she's going through right now Lets me know that there is faith and there is hope. We did. We did it. Oh, man. I can't even breathe right now. Team usher, baby. Yes! You guys want another one? [ cheers and applause ] Daly: Usher scores his second artist of the night. Coming up, a unique spin on a monster pop song. ♪ sexy and I know it Daly: But will it be a hit with our coaches? And later... Yo. [ laughs ] Blake: I am blown away. Whoa. Daly: ...A surprise that leaves our coaches speechless. In four seasons, I've never seen anything like that before. Wow! Welcome back to the blind auditions. Our four coaches are each building teams of 12 With the strongest voices they can find. Both: Blake. Yeah! Daly: Blake and usher have each scored two artists. I pick shakira. Oh, yes! Daly: Shakira has picked up one, While adam is still looking to land his first. Maybe this next singer Will have what it takes to turn his chair. Christian: My name's christian porter. I'm 21 years old, And I'm from stroudsburg, pennsylvania. My mom thought I was deaf as a child Because I didn't talk, and I would moan and grunt. We took him to the doctor, but everything was fine. When he was little, he liked to watch concerts, And he loved it. So, christian got his voice when he started to sing. Doctor just said I was just waiting for my time to talk, And now I sing, and now I don't shut up. Right now I'm a bar musician, So I play cover songs for three hours. I don't want to be stuck in that scene forever. When I can, I slip in an original song. I like to change things up. I feel that I'm strong in the performance style And just uniqueness. I want to be on "the voice" Because it's gonna make me a better musician With the coaches teaching me what I need to learn. I want music to be my career. In a bar scene, you know, Nobody's forced to pay attention to you. You're more background music. And I don't want to be background music For the rest of my life. I'm feeling a little nervous. I want, like, the crowd to be into it. To be able to sing "sexy and I know it," I hope everyone enjoys it. Whether they turn around or not, I know I'm gonna have a good time on that stage. [ laughs ] Look at him. He looks nervous. Come on, christian. [ sighs ] ♪ when I walk on by ♪ girls be looking, like, "damn, he's fly" ♪ ♪ I pimp to the beat ♪ walking down the street in my new lafreak ♪ ♪ oh, oh, this is how I roll ♪ animal print, pants outta control ♪ ♪ it's redfoo with the big afro ♪ ♪ and like bruce lee, yeah, I got the glow ♪ ♪ oh, oh, girl, look at that body ♪ ♪ oh, oh, girl, look at that body ♪ ♪ oh, oh, girl, look at that body ♪ ♪ and I work out [ audience cheering ] ♪ when I walk in the spot, this is what I see ♪ ♪ everybody stops, and they staring at me ♪ ♪ I got a passion in my pants, and I ain't afraid to show it ♪ ♪ show it, show it oh, my god! ♪ ohhhh ♪ I'm sexy and I know it [ laughs ] ♪ oh, I'm sexy and I know it ♪ oh, I'm sexy and I know it ♪ oh, don't you know it, too ♪ and it goes like ♪ wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah ♪ ♪ wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah ♪ ♪ wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah ♪ ♪ wiggle, wiggle, wiggle ♪ oh, I'm sexy and I know it Oh! ♪ whoa, whoa, whoa Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Whoo! Yeah! [ cheers and applause ] whoo! Whoo! [ laughs ] What's your name, man? My name's christian porter. Like, the women were going so crazy, I felt like it was like a... [ audience cheering ] I really felt like I was gonna turn to a strip show Or like a male revue 'cause it was like "magic mike" up there. You know what I mean? [ laughs ] [ laughs ] But also I thought maybe it was possible It wasn't even a human up there. [ laughter ] I was like, "what is that that's singing?" [ laughter ] Shakira: You know what that is? You know what that is? That is sexy. Yeah! [ cheers and applause ] Don't you agree, girls? Right? By the way, all jokes aside, I think I was just perplexed Because it was so unique and different. And maybe I'm just not ready for it. But congrats, man. You're awesome. [ cheers and applause ] You 100% took a risk, you know. Yo, you have to possess that type of confidence To win a crowd over, right, you know? I agree. [ laughs ] [ cheers and applause ] So much imagination went into that arrangement, And when you have a minute and 30 seconds to come out here, I mean, no matter what you're singing about, Whether it's heartache or you're happy Or you're sexy and you know it... [ laughter ] Anyway, man, I'm a fan. My gosh. I'd love to have the chance to work with you. [ cheers and applause ] Shakira: You awakened this Unexpected reaction in the crowd, And that's what really captivated me About your performance. And I'd love to have you on my team. Thank you. Man: Shakira! [ cheers and applause ] You stop that right now! [ laughter and applause ] U t to pick a coach. Who's it gonna be? All right. [ audience shouting ] [ shouting continues ] I appreciate you guys very much. Um... But I got to go with my gut. I got to pick blake. [ cheers and applause ] yes! Yes! I'm collecting a group of very different artists That aren't like anybody else. That's the best way, I think, to find the next star. I loved that. I loved that performance. Thanks, man. That's badass. Badass. Whoo! I wasn't expecting anybody, let alone three, And it feels awesome right now. I'm shaking. This is amazing. [ cheering ] Whoo! Oh! Oh, my god! Oh, my god! [ laughs ] Whoo! I'm on "the voice." Daly: Blake beats shakira and usher, Picking up his third artist of the night. Christina milian here. All right, what an incredible start to season four. You and I have a lot to talk about, And you know the drill. So, follow us on twitter, Find us on facebook, And check us out at nbc.Com/the-voice. Which coach would you choose? Check out nbc.Com/the-voice for exclusive videos You won't see anywhere else. Shakira. Blake. Yes, I would, 'cause I want her to teach me to dance. Listen, you can't ask someone to work miracles. More blind auditions after this. Daly: Welcome back to night one of the blind auditions. Singers have one shot... ª yeah, yeah ions. Daly: ...To impress our coaches, And some didn't make the cut. ♪ kiss me ♪ k-k-kiss me ♪ infect me with your love and fill me with your poison ♪ [ audience cheering ] I think that you need a little work on the control. You know, but this constructive criticism Is only intended to make you better. Thank you very much. ♪ no matter what I say ♪ I'm not over you [ audience cheering ] Adam: I think it's just a matter of Really calming yourself down before you go out there. Shakira: Whenever I feel nervous, I try to concentrate on the message in the song. Thank you. ♪ you got me begging you for mercy ♪ ♪ oh, why won't you release me? ♪ [ audience cheering ] Blake: It's like the potential's there and it just needs Just a little bit more development. Daly: Hopefully the voice of our next artist, 15-year-old leah lewis, Will cause our coaches to push their buttons. Where you from? I'm originally from china. I was adopted in china when I was 8 months old. Cool. They adopted me and my sister, too. Leah: I've seen photos of the orphanage, And it's just crazy that I could come from that. I mean, I'm just so grateful to my parents That they took the time To go there and hand-choose me. I think that's just so special. Lorraine: When we got leah from china And I looked at this little, tiny baby, I never thought that we'd be Standing here on "the voice" today. Where's your musical influence come from? Definitely my father. I sing country. And he's from the south, And I grew up listening to bluegrass. So, that trip people up watching you sing country? That was a surprise to them? I'm hoping that being on "the voice," I can break the stereotype. That's right. This show is really built for somebody like yourself. Yeah. After my parents realized I could sing, I kind of got this fire in my heart That I wanted to pursue this. And this was, like, my thing. It just feels right when I sing country music, Especially blues. So, mixing those two together -- just, ah, amazing. Fred: Well, let me tell you a little bit about leah. I've done a lot of things in my life [voice breaking] but there stands... There stands the two best things I ever did. Leah: Oh, my goodness. I love you. Leah: My biggest inspiration in my life is my father. He's definitely planted some life lessons in me That I'll always remember. Thank you. Me getting on "the voice" is definitely important. I don't want my dad working at such an old age. I kind of want to take the role on. Wow. So, I do need "the voice" right now. I'm really hoping that blake or usher turn around. Blake knows his way around the country world, And I think it could definitely help me. And usher's huge. I am nervous, but I'm ready to go on that stage and rock it. What kind of shoes are those? ♪ dry lightning cracks across the skies ♪ ♪ those storm clouds gather in her eyes ♪ ♪ her daddy was a mean ole mister ♪ ♪ mama was an angel in the ground ♪ ♪ the weatherman called for a twister ♪ ♪ she prayed, blow it down ♪ there's not enough rain in oklahoma ♪ Come on! Somebody turn! ♪ out of that house ♪ there's not enough wind in oklahoma ♪ ♪ to rip the nails out of the past ♪ ♪ shatter every window till it's all blown away ♪ ♪ every brick, every board, every slamming door ♪ ♪ blown away ♪ till there's nothing left standing ♪ ♪ nothing left of yesterday Press the button! Press the button! ♪ every memory blown away ♪ blown aw-a-a-a-a-ay ♪ blown aw-ay-ay-ay ♪ blown aw-a-a-a-ay [ cheers and applause ] Oh! Nobody. Hello. Hi, there. What's your name? My name is leah. How old are you? 15. Oh, gosh. What?! Surprise. [ laughter, applause ] Not that that should matter, But I could hear how young you were Because it just felt like there was so much more potential In your voice than has been developed yet. I'm telling you, I was so close. You do have a very powerful voice. Thank you. [ applause ] Shakira: You know, I think that your voice is good. You just have to practice a little more, And you'll be in amazing shape. Thank you, miss shakira. Adam: Yeah, and I was looking at usher, And we were saying the same thing, Which was, "so close." Mm-hmm. I do believe that, And if you're 99% amazing and you're 15, You got nothing to worry about, sweetheart. Thank you. Bye. [ cheers and applause ] Keep at it. Don't stop, okay? I will. She's so cute. Blake: To turn around And there's a cute, little asian girl Singing a country song, That was cool and surprising. Her voice sounds a little bit under-developed, But, man, she's gonna be great. Daly: Good job, leah. Good job. Lorraine: You did great. Fred: You did good. You did a great job. Leah: I definitely was hoping for a chair. [ voice breaking ] I was very confident going out there. It was almost enough. We were watching, and, I mean, they were so close. I thought you were outstanding. Thank you. Daly: Coming up, One singer gives the coaches the biggest shock... Oh! [ laughs ] What?! ...In blind audition history. Boom! I got to keep it under control. [ laughs ] Daly: Welcome back to the blind auditions, Where our coaches are picking artists Based strictly on their voices. Maybe 27-year-old r&b; singer kris thomas Will have what it takes to make a team. I am the youngest of four kids. I come from a very religious family. My father's a pastor. As a kid, we were only allowed to listen to gospel music. My exposure to r&b; and a lot of current music growing up, I would sneak into my older brother's room And listen to his cassettes, And that was how I got my exposure to it. [ chuckling ] well, now, I didn't know that. [ laughs ] I'll take care of you after the show. [ laughter ] After graduating college, I was introduced to a talent scout For a record label, And a few months later, I did a show for them, and they signed me on the spot. We cut a single, But I had creative differences with the label executives, And as a result, I lost my record deal. I went into a pretty deep depression. I would just drink until I would pass out. I would say I was an alcoholic. One night, I was out drinking. I fell asleep at the wheel, And when I woke up, I was in someone's yard About 40 feet from driving into their house, And I woke up just in time to hit the brakes. I could have killed an entire family or myself, And that was when I knew that I had to make some changes. Now that I'm not drinking, I don't ever want to be that low again. I do believe that being on "the voice" Is my second chance. To get coached by a superstar Would be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. There he is. Yes! Okay. ♪ a few stolen moments is all that we share ♪ ♪ you've got your family, and they need you there ♪ ♪ though I've tried to resist Come on. Come on, usher. Hit it. Come on, usher. ♪ being last on your list ♪ but no other girl's gonna do Right here. ♪ so I'm saving all my love ♪ for yo-u-u-u-u-u-u ♪ no other man [ both laugh ] yes! ♪ is gonna love you more ♪ 'cause tonight is the night ♪ that I'm feeling all right ♪ we'll be making love the whole night through ♪ ♪ so I'm saving all of my love ♪ for yo-u-u-u [ audience cheering ] Oh! [ laughs ] What?! No way! [ both laugh ] You're a dude. [ laughs ] Usher: Yo! Whoa. Wow! What is your name? My name is kris thomas. Yo! [ laughs ] [ blake laughs ] Shakira: He's all mine. I wish I knew you were a guy! Give me something, man. Afterwards you should have been like, [deep voice] "yeah, thank you. I'm kris." boom! Yo, you should at least throw in a [deep voice] "how y'all doing?" [ normal voice ] you know, something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. [ laughs ] [ deep voice ] "yeah, this is for you, girl. [ normal voice ] something, man. A man just got on stage And just killed that whitney song -- A whitney houston song! [ cheers and applause ] Thank you. Let me say something. I'm glad they're doing this, kris, Because I want to congratulate shakira. You got somebody who's gonna be very popular. [ cheers and applause ] [ laughs ] And she intentionally did not react. That's so cool of you. What? You didn't react. Yeah, she turned around -- she turned around, She was like -- she was like -- she was like... [ shakira laughs ] exactly. I know you guys. I got to keep it under control. Otherwise, you all turn, And then you make my life miserable. [ laughter ] Whew! But I'm so glad that you're on my team Because you are really a gem. Your control, your falsettos, your pitch -- perfect. I loved everything. Thank you. Well, welcome to the show, man. Thank you. [ cheers and applause ] Welcome to my team. [ chuckles ] Thank you. Thank you. You made it. So nice to meet you. [ both laugh ] When I turned my chair, I tried to play it cool, Because as soon as I went like... You know, like this, they would have turned their chairs. They're way too curious. In my four seasons, I'd never seen anything like that before. You'll be able to do things with him that defy gravity Because of how high he can go, And women go crazy over a guy with a falsetto. They love that. [ laughs ] [ man laughs ] yeah! All right! [ laughter ] [ smooches ] we're so proud of you. [ laughter ] You sound just like I knew you would. Yeah. Were you crying? Why were you cry-- oh. [ laughs ] Kris: I feel like I'm in a dream. I feel like that didn't just happen, But I'm so humbled That they all were impressed with my performance. Team shakira! Woman: Yay! Team shakira! ♪ I'm sexy ♪ and I know it Daly: You can download full versions Of tonight's blind-audition songs on itunes. ♪ gotta be so mean? Daly: Coming up, An artist who has overcome tragedy to be here. James: It was like the most beautiful thing you've ever seen And then the worst moment of your life at the same time. Daly: And later, a performance That gets all four coaches to push their buttons. My heart's beating fast right now Because I feel that I'm in front of a star. If you let me be your coach, Not only will you win "the voice," But you'll win the world over. Daly: Welcome back to night one of the blind auditions. Usher, blake, and shakira have all picked up artists tonight, While adam is still searching for his first. Maybe this next singer has just what he wants. James: My name is james irwin. I'm 30 years old, and I'm from st. Louis, missouri. When I'm not doing music, I'm a union carpenter. I do everything from residential framing To large, you know, commercial buildings. I probably started singing when I was 5 years old. I've always had just, like, this strong love with music. What about your music? Where is that right now in your life? This is kind of my second chance. Last year was kind of a rough year for me. I had some label interests, And right around the same time, Me and my wife suffered a big loss. Oh, man, I'm sorry. Kind of went on a downhill spiral after that. Last year, my wife got pregnant with identical twins, And about five months in, I was out of a town doing a show. I received a phone call Saying that my wife was in the hospital. When I got to the hospital, the doctor told us That our twins had a very slim chance of making it. My wife went into labor. The twins were born alive. They wrapped them up And told us we had about 10 minutes to hold them. It's kind of like getting to look inside heaven And being told you can't stay. My daughters' names were... [ sighs ] [ sniffles ] [ exhales shakily ] [ voice breaking ] I need a minute, man. I'm sorry. My daughters' names were Addison olivia and oriana bella. It was a terrible experience. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. But it was something that really showed me How strong that I was and how strong that my wife was. We started to try again for a baby. Aiden was born March 7, 2012. He's the best thing in my life. Music is the driving force. If the coaches' chairs turn for me, it would mean everything. It would allow me the opportunity To fulfill my dreams, Which is to make music and to be able to support my family. I want to dedicate this moment to my wife and my son And my two beautiful girls that are up in heaven Watching me right now. ♪ I'm going back to the corner where I first saw you ♪ ♪ gonna camp in my sleeping bag ♪ ♪ I'm not gonna move ♪ got some words on cardboard ♪ got your picture in my hand ♪ saying, "if you see this girl, can you tell her where I am?" ♪ ♪ some try to hand me money ♪ they don't understand ♪ I'm not broke ♪ I'm just a brokenhearted man ♪ I know it makes no sense ♪ what else can I do? ♪ how can I move on when I'm still in love with you? ♪ ♪ 'cause if one day you wake up ♪ ♪ and find that you're missing me ♪ ♪ and your heart starts to wonder ♪ ♪ where on this earth I could be ♪ ♪ thinkin' maybe you'll come back here ♪ to the place that we'd meet ♪ and you'll see me waiting for you ♪ ♪ on the corner of the street ♪ so I'm not moving ♪ I'm not moving ♪ going back to the corner where I first saw you ♪ ♪ gonna camp in my sleeping bag ♪ ♪ I'm not gonna move [ cheers and applause ] Thank you. What's your name, bro? James irwin. Man, you did a really good job. I mean, you did a really good job. You know that. Thank you. [ cheers and applause ] Adam: You know, when you're singing up here, It's almost like there's this entire story you have to tell In a very short amount of time, And it was a little bit subdued. A little bit. But you really are a talented dude, james, for sure. Anks a lot. I appreciate it. [ cheers and applause ] James, what brought you here? Last year was kind of a rough year for me and my family. I wanted to give up on music, And then I got the opportunity to come on the show, So this is kind of my second chance. But you know what? [ cheers and applause ] Life, thank god, is full of second and third chances. And I think that you should try it again, Because you deserve to come back. Thank you, guys. Thank you. [ cheers and applause ] And he's a good singer. He was a good singer. He was. He was. How you feeling? Disappointed, obviously. Yeah. Disappointed, man. What are you gonna do now? I'm gonna go home and hug my wife And give my son a big hug and a kiss, man. Good seeing you, man. Thank you. All right. Daly: Coming up... ♪ what a girl wants ...A singer ignites the coaches in thperformance of the night. I'm gonna light myself on fire To make sure that you are on my team. I'm not kidding. Daly: Welcome back to the blind auditions. This season, I'll be hitting the road To visit some of the singers We've invited to audition for our coaches. My first stop is to pasadena, california, To meet judith hill, Who's recording at her parents' home studio. ♪ and then we say goodbye My parents are both phenomenal musicians. My mom is a keyboard player, and my dad is a funk bass player. He's played with billy preston and bob dylan, And both of them have played with chaka khan. For you, what does it mean for judith to carry on This sort of family legacy? It's a blessing to us. She was born to sing. I wrote my first song when I was 4 years old. And my first big gig was working as a background singer For a big french pop star. Then I got this call to audition For michael jackson's female duet singer And background singer for his final "this is it" tour. I mean, getting that call, it's like, "are you serious?" Let's talk about michael jackson. What'd he mean to you? Judith: He's my hero. I mean, working with michael was just amazing. I spent two months rehearsing with michael jackson. It was magical. I mean, everything that was in his head, It just came to life on that stage. And so, it was the best school. ♪ I just can't stop loving you ♪ ♪ I just can't stop loving you ♪ I was on my way to rehearsal When I heard that michael jackson had passed. Williams: Pop superstar michael jackson has died at the age of 50. He was on stage with me Singing "I just can't stop loving you," And then two weeks later, I see this golden casket. I couldn't believe it. Judith: I got a call to sing "heal the world" At his memorial service. I was completely honored. You had his world in the music business Really sort of all staring at you. You could have taken that opportunity And kind of ran with it. After I sang At michael jackson's memorial service, My phone went crazy. It just seemed like poor taste To kind of just go with the whole wind of things. But now I think it's finally my time. In spite of all the great opportunities I've had, I am definitely not where I want to be. This now is the judith hill chapter. And so I feel like "the voice" is the perfect platform For me to segue into my solo-artist world. Come on, judith! This is it! ♪ I wanna thank you ♪ for giving me a chance to breathe ♪ Man: Yeah! Right away. Congratulations. ♪ you waited so patiently ♪ while I got it together ♪ while I figured it out ♪ I looked, but I never touched ♪ ♪ 'cause in my heart, there was a picture of us ♪ ♪ holding hands and makin' plans ♪ ♪ and now I understand ♪ what a girl wants whoa! ♪ what a girl needs ♪ whatever makes me happy, it sets you free ♪ ♪ and I'm thanking you for knowing exactly ♪ ♪ what a girl wants ♪ what a girl needs ♪ whatever keeps me in your arms ♪ ♪ and I'm thanking you for giving it to me ♪ ♪ what a girl wants ♪ what a girl needs ♪ sensitive, courageous, sexy, cool like you ♪ ♪ oh, baby ♪ what a girl wants ♪ what a girl needs ♪ you got to let a girl know ♪ how much you care about her, I swear ♪ ♪ that you're the one who always knew ♪ ♪ what a girl wants ♪ what a girl needs ♪ whatever makes me happy, it sets you free ♪ ♪ and I'm thanking you for giving it to me ♪ [ cheers and applause ] Man: Yeah! Yeah! What's your name? My name is judith hill. Judith. [ cheers and applause ] You are the first person that's ever come on this show And done a christina song as well as christina aguilera. [ cheers and applause ] That's what I'm talking about. As far as competition goes, I am a monster, And I'm going to claw everyone's face Until you realize that I'm your friggin' coach. For god's sake. [ laughter ] I'm gonna light myself on fire To make sure that you are on my team. Wait a minute. You will? I'm not kidding. [ laughter ] You sound like you've been singing for a long time Because you put your own thing in it. And I've not won "the voice" yet, But if you let me be your coach, Not only will you win "the voice," But you'll win the world over. Thank you, usher. That means a lot coming from you. [ applause ] And the phrasing was all yours, too. When I said earlier That I thought you sang it as well as christina, I still believe that, but it was completely different. Oh, there's the backpedaling. Yeah. [ laughter ] As far as I'm concerned, I'm running for president right now. [ laughter ] But I'm looking for the first lady. [ laughter ] [ cheers and applause ] That was pretty good. Because he would have never made it without her. [ laughs ] [ laughs ] It's like a star just hatched out of a shell up there. Everybody in this room right now is just going, "oh, gosh, look at judith." I want to be the guy that is pushing down walls And clearing a path for you So that judith can just shine And be the star that she deserves to be. Oh, my god. Thank you so much. Shakira: We all know that you're perfect. We all want you. My heart is beating fast right now Because I feel that I'm in front of a star. I really think that you're gonna have an amazing career No matter who you choose. I think that you will shine Because you already have that light within you That projects onto the audience, onto everyone around you. And I know that if I help you, you will win "the voice." [ cheers and applause ] Seriously, I'm gonna have a panic attack If you don't choose me, 'cause I know you're gonna win. He's selling, he's selling, he's selling. And he's gonna start going like this with the finger. I just know. I just know. And he's gonna start, Like, showing his tattoos and stuff. And usher is gonna lift his other leg anytime soon. [ laughter ] [ cheers and applause ] You need a girl like me next to you. It's time to choose, I think, though. God. This is... [ cheers and applause ] This is so hard. [ audience shouting ] Oh! [ shouting continues ] This is really, really intense. I don't -- [ shouting continues ] [ applause ] Make me a winner. Make me a winner. I'm gonna go with... [ sighs ] Oh! I'm gonna go with team adam. ♪ this girl is on fire [ cheers and applause ] ♪ this girl is on fire [ laughs ] Thank you. I'm honored to have you. There aren't very many singers in the world Who do what she does. She's going to be a grammy-winning superstar, And she's on my team. Whoo! Oh, my god! I can go home now. [ laughter ] Man: Hey! [ cheering ] Judith: I've worked really hard to get here, And this is, like, a celebration Of the hard times you go through, And you come out and you have a beautiful day like this. You're on your way. Congratulations. Thank you. Team adam. All right. Good job. Usher: Judith is the one artist That I honestly regret not having on my team. Daly: After night one of the blind auditions, Here's where the teams stand. Usher landed indie pop singer jess kellner And r&b; artist vedo. Yeah! Blake won over aspiring country singer danielle bradbery, Sister duo the morgan twins, and pop artist christian porter. Oh, yes! Shakira added pop/rocker mark andrew And soulful kris thomas. And adam ended the night scoring vocal powerhouse judith hill. - sync by Zac - www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 