I'm Sorry: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 I'm Sorry 
 s1e6 - Divorce Fantasy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 I'm Sorry (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Divorce Fantasy - full transcript 
 Andrea pushes her divorced friend Jennifer back into dating so she can live vicariously through her, but ends up regretting their night out. And planning a birthday party for her father proves harder than Andrea thought. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mommy, did you get a present for Oscar's birthday?
 No, you know, his mommies told me not to get a present,
 so, lovely, we're just going to get a book
 and they're gonna donate it to the library.
 One of my books? No, don't worry.
 Your 3,000 books for one small human are completely safe.
 Good.
 "Good"-- really? "Good"?
 His "mommies"?
 Yes, mom, they are a lesbian couple
 and their son Oscar is in Amelia's class.
 Remember when we had gay dogs? Wow!
 Just so you know-- What?
 just if you're out in mixed company--
 Yeah? Going from a lesbian couple to
 "remember we had gay dogs"-- not necessarily the best leap.
 Do you remember when Abe used to shove his stuff
 into Silver's face and force him to do things?
 Yeah, do you remember how poor Silver
 had to stick his little head in the rails of the banister
 just to get a moment's peace?
 It was very traumatizing to me.
 Abe was on his last legs when we got him, and then what?
 He lived five more years. Yeah, 'cause he was gettin'...
 [mouthing words] every day.
 Well, they were forced, you know.
 Either way. And I'm not sure that has the same effect.
 Come to think of it, was Silver really gay?
 You know what, he wasn't,
 because he had no choice in the matter.
 He was more "gay for stay".
 "Gay for stay"-- do people say that?
 Grammy, look what I drew.
 Oh... oh, my gosh, look at that sun.
 We've been here quite a while.
 When does dance class start? It started 20 minutes ago.
 Why isn't she dancing?
 Because after begging me to take dance class,
 Amelia decided she just wanted to watch.
 So, you just sit here every week for 45 minutes?
 Yeah, that's what happens because when we make
 a commitment, we stick to it, right?
 Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
 Do you, do you get some of your money back?
 No, I did not get any of my money back.
 Mommy, can I have snack?
 Ah, you know what, it's really not good to eat
 while you're dancing.
 You could get a cramp and drown.
 It's called sarcasm,
 which is something that's going to be very important
 for you to learn in life.
 Hey! Mom, did you see that plie?
 I'm not playing this game.
 *
 Mommy, Walter's flying in air!
 Walter's going crazy!
 Walter's going crazy, honey.
 All right, it looks like Oscar's house is up here.
 Mommy, why does Oscar have two mommies?
 Well, because Oscar's mommies,
 they fell in love with each other
 and decided to have a baby, and they're two mommies
 because they're both girls, and girls are mommies.
 So you can have more than one mommy?
 Hundred percent-- you can have two mommies.
 You can have two daddies.
 Some people just go mommy, no daddy.
 Some people have a daddy, no mommy.
 Some people just have a grammy and grampy.
 You can even have a grammy and a grammy or a grampy and a grampy.
 It's more rare. Yeah, but it's still an option.
 And it's an option I'm incredibly excited to Google
 a little bit later today.
 The point is, it's super-cool because there's lots
 of different kinds of families
 and they don't all have to look like us.
 Like Oscar's family. Two mommies is a lot of mommies.
 Yeah, but, wouldn't you want to have two mommies,
 especially if you had two mommies like this mommy?
 [singing] * This is when you want three mommies at least *
 Yeah!
 So in that scenario you're getting cloned
 and marrying yourself.
 No, no, clone me is not ready to settle down,
 she is open for biz.
 I'd like to meet that clone. You're not her type.
 She likes very petite, hermetic men.
 Oh.
 Here's your gift bag.
 We should really set up a family play date with Leah and Jessica.
 I really like them.
 Did you even get a chance to talk to them?
 No. Okay.
 I just think they seem very cool,
 so automatically I can relate to them on that level.
 Mm-hmm. But also,
 Amelia's got some questions about two mommies.
 Now, it's one thing to sit there and we explain to her
 like all the other different families and all,
 but it's another thing just to see it
 and realize it's just totally normal.
 Yeah, I mean, she doesn't really have that person
 as a point of reference in her daily life.
 Well, I mean there's my brother David,
 but she wouldn't know he's gay
 because he still hasn't come out,
 so I guess technically that doesn't really help.
 You know he still calls Nick his roommate, right?
 Yeah. So, basically, he's worthless.
 But is Amelia even friends with Oscar?
 Not really, I mean, he's a boy.
 But this isn't about her being friends with Oscar,
 this is about her getting to know Oscar's mommies.
 Oscar's more like our lesbian Trojan horse.
 Wait, that doesn't work. Amelia is the Trojan horse.
 No, Amelia's the soldiers inside the Trojan horse
 who jump out and learn a lot about lesbians.
 You ready to go, Bubs? Come on!
 Was that a fun party?
 Yeah. Yeah?
 Amelia! This is for you.
 And we snuck in an extra eraser,
 so don't tell any of the little kids about it, okay?
 I heard so.
 Could you also not mention it to any of the other kids?
 Okay, it's gonna be hard, though.
 But what do you say, lovey? Thank you.
 You're welcome. You're welcome.
 Thanks for inviting us. Amelia had so much fun.
 We should do a family play date sometime.
 We would love that. Oh, good!
 We usually go to this indoor gym thing on Saturdays.
 Do you guys want to come with us next week?
 Yeah! That sounds cool.
 Let's do it! Up high.
 Down low.
 Ooh, too slow. Oh!
 Hey, don't worry.
 Between now and next Saturday I will train her because
 she will not embarrass our family again.
 You will not embarrass our family again!
 Bye! Bye, thank you for coming.
 [David on phone] No, no, no, no,
 you and mom are not remembering this right.
 Yes, we are! It wasn't Abe.
 Silver would saunter around the house.
 He had sort of like an attitude about it or whatever.
 David! He had hip dysplasia.
 He was also flashing his butt all the time.
 Are you saying
 that Silver was asking for this?
 Are you victim blaming right now?
 I'm just saying that he wasn't necessarily innocent, okay?
 Wow!
 You know, I don't sully the good name of Silver Shadow
 when he's not alive to defend himself.
 How was your weekend?
 I went to two kids' birthday parties, went to Target.
 And we were in bed both nights by nine,
 so part heavenly and also part incredibly soul crushing.
 How was yours? We stayed up past nine,
 if that's what you're asking. Ooh!
 Now it sounds like someone's bragging.
 Who's "we," by the way? Who's "we" stayed up?
 You know my roommate, Nick?
 Yes, of course I know your roommate Nick.
 We made lightbulbs from scratch.
 How do you make a lightbulb from scratch?
 The key is to find the proper filament,
 and then you gotta weigh a lot of factors, like density--
 Sorry to interrupt, but I just killed myself, so--
 Okay, well, you asked me.
 The point is that Nick and I had fun,
 we had a great time, we loved it.
 Well, you and Nick always have a lot of fun together,
 you guys have a lot in common.
 David, you know that I really like Nick, right?
 Yeah, he's pretty great. | Yeah.
 Oh, my God.
 There's a woman who's got "Pink Mom" on her license plate
 who is dressed tops to bots all in pink--
 I gotta go, I gotta go.
 Okay, I guess you're not looking--
 [car thunks]
 Oh, shit!
 I mean, there was barely a dent,
 but you could see why Pink Mom should be
 really considered a driving distraction.
 Bubs, you're up.
 And of course she fled the scene.
 How was your lesbian party, by the way?
 What lesbian party?
 You know, the "mommies".
 Oh, you mean the birthday party for a five-year-old
 that was thrown by his mothers?
 Oh, I'm sorry, I'm not used to all this,
 you know, new configuration of family.
 Why are you following me while I hopscotch?
 Because we're chatting. It's creeping me out.
 Well, get un-creeped.
 There weren't any gay parents when you were growing up.
 Yeah, because they weren't allowed to have kids.
 I don't remember that. Yeah, that tracks.
 Now, everyone has to draw something in nature.
 I'm gonna draw a fairy.
 Ooh, I wanna see that fairy, right?
 I just don't have that many gay people in my everyday life
 so that I can understand all the nuances, you know?
 Well, you got one person.
 No, no, no, no, cousin June isn't gay,
 she just runs a juice bar.
 Mom, no one thinks cousin June's gay,
 especially not because she runs a juice bar.
 That's what I said, she's not gay.
 Who, who were you thinking of?
 Come on.
 Do you really not know? What?
 David. My son, David?
 And my brother David? Yeah.
 What makes you think David is gay?
 He's so... masculine.
 Masculine people can be gay.
 Well, not David, David's not gay.
 Mom, he's in his 30's, he's never had a girlfriend.
 He's a computer engineer.
 You can't use that excuse forever.
 He's always going on about Nick
 and how much fun they have together,
 and they're spending weekends together.
 Mom, come on. Oh, my gosh, Nick.
 He loves Nick.
 I think Nick is his boyfriend.
 Oh, I hope he's not gay.
 Mom! Why would you say that?
 I don't have a problem with gay people, you know that.
 I know that! It's just that it's a harder life, and he's my son.
 I get that.
 Mommy, aren't you going to draw?
 Sorry! We are drawing stuff in nature.
 Here.
 Mom, it's 2017, it's not as hard as it used to be.
 Yes, it is.
 It's harder to get married, it's harder to have kids.
 And you know what, it's harder to get a wedding cake.
 What are you talking about?
 I'm not joking, I saw it on the news.
 There are very homophobic bakeries,
 and you know how much David loves cake.
 But mom, if he's gay, don't you want to do it now
 and not waste any more time?
 I don't know.
 If anything, it's gonna work out the best for you
 because then you don't just have to rely on me
 when you're old and decrepit, like a year from now.
 He'll make sure your hair looks good,
 he'll take you on some cruises.
 No, no, no, I don't think he's cruise gay.
 He'd probably make me go on a tour of the Boeing factory.
 That's true.
 But you'll also have someone to fix your scanner.
 Oh, I do hate that [bleep] scanner.
 Mom, what are you drawing?
 What? It's the lemon tree that you and David used to climb.
 It's something in nature.
 What are those things at the trunk?
 Those are lemons that fell off the tree.
 Those are... large lemons.
 Why? What do you think it is?
 David, Nick. What?
 Boom! Oh, my God.
 Maybe this is your subconscious becoming okay with this.
 If it is, could we at least say that this is David
 and this is Nick, because David was always such a go-getter.
 If that makes you feel better, mom, you can definitely say
 that David is jamming himself into Nick.
 I am done drawing. What are we doing next?
 Come on, monkey, off the bed. Get off the bed.
 Are you excited to have your play date with Oscar today?
 I don't play with Oscar much.
 You don't have to play with him much,
 you just have to play with him today.
 Yeah, you'll have fun when you get there.
 By the way, Oscar's mommies told me the Coop is...
 [singsong] ...amazing!
 Do Oscar's mommies sleep in the same bed?
 Uh, of course.
 They love each other, so I'm sure that they like to snuggle
 just like me and daddy do.
 That's funny.
 Well, I don't think it's funny, I just think
 it's a little different.
 I agree, and I also agree that I'm totally going to tickle you
 if you don't get ready to go!
 I have to say, I'm glad we have this play date.
 Yeah, me too.
 I mean, I feel like good role models
 is the way this is gonna sink in.
 I hope so.
 You know, I actually wouldn't mind if Amelia was a lesbian.
 Really? Yeah.
 Okay, nah, don't act so cool and open-minded.
 I know what you're doing.
 Typical dad with a daughter.
 You don't want a boy putting a penis inside her.
 Wow, that was really tough to hear out loud, but totally true.
 Well, just so you know, even if she is a lesbian,
 there's still toys, so there's still going to be
 something inside her.
 Something to think about.
 Oh, man. She can be asexual.
 Bubs, just make sure you buckle up.
 Hey! Oh, hey!
 How are you? I'm good, how you doing?
 I got my shorts on again.
 Ah, yeah, you do-- shorts!
 Yeah, shorts! Have a good day.
 Hey! Hey, there.
 Bye! Bye-bye.
 I'm just got an email saying our insurance premium
 might go up because of the whole Pink Mom incident.
 Why? I thought you said there was barely a dent.
 She's now claiming she has medical costs.
 Who? Pink Mom? No, again, Pink Mom fled the scene-- the woman I hit.
 Although, let's be honest,
 Pink Mom probably has some medical costs herself,
 mostly psychiatric.
 What's this other woman claiming?
 Supposedly she has breast implants and when I hit her,
 the seatbelt, like, jammed in and caused some sort of damage
 that now the insurance has to cover.
 It seems crazy. How does that even happen?
 She didn't seem particularly... [vocalizing]
 ...when we exchanged information, so,
 how do we even know she had implants in the first place?
 It doesn't really matter-- it's why we have insurance.
 In matters to me if our deductible goes up
 because of her fake banged-up boobies.
 Well, it's not worth fighting over, I mean, fine.
 Oh, okay... [indistinct voice on phone]
 You need to hear this.
 Hey, it's your brother, listen, um...
 I really need to talk to you about something--
 it's not bad or anything, but it's just the other day
 you said how you really liked Nick and, uh, anyway,
 are you free to meet up later and talk about this?
 Just let me know. Bye.
 Okay, he sounds weird, right?
 I think this might be the moment.
 What moment?
 The moment he reveals himself to me as a homosexual.
 What makes you think that if he does come out, you'd be the one?
 Because I'm his sister and he feels comfortable around me,
 and this is the face of no judgement.
 Mm-hmm. This is the face of judgement.
 Nyah!
 And this is the face of surprise.
 [gasping]
 And this is my pretty face.
 Mommy, that is not pretty.
 What, is it too pretty? Yes, it's too pretty.
 Did you hear that?
 That was sarcasm. Oh, my God!
 This is the best day of my life.
 [kids laughing and playing]
 Whoa, look at that dolphin!
 Hey! Hey!
 You made it! Amelia...
 Have you been practicing?
 Up high.
 Down low-- oh!
 We trained for this! You blew it!
 But we didn't come with nothing. We brought socks.
 Oh, we look very cool.
 Someone forgot ours and we had to buy them.
 Oh! Me!
 Ah. It's me, I'm the one that
 forgot the socks and then we had to buy them.
 I've had-- I've done it before.
 It does, happens all the time.
 Amelia, Oscar's in the ball pit.
 He wants to know if you'll join him.
 That sounds fun.
 But Mommy, you're not allow to throw the balls out like that.
 That's true.
 Why don't you see if Oscar wants to meet you
 in that super cool teepee?
 Yeah. By the way,
 I have to make a reservation for my time.
 You don't want to get in that teepee-- fresh buff.
 Yeah? That's sort of what happens
 when you take... [mouthing words] You're right.
 One of the kids right now is having crazy visions.
 I'm pretty sure it's that girl, right behind you.
 Yeah. Yeah, she's been acting crazy.
 So finally, I hand the menu back to the waiter and he says--
 That-- that's not-- she's telling it wrong.
 You had the menu.
 Do you want to tell it? No, I don't want to--
 You go ahead, you tell it, it's your story.
 Tell it wrong, but go ahead.
 No, after you, you tell the story.
 You know what, we actually went to that same restaurant
 and didn't we have a strange waiter too?
 Yeah, right. I think they just have a strange staff of--
 Mommy... Oh, hi, Bubs.
 What happened? Are you okay?
 Oscar hit me.
 Oh, well, I'm sure that that was an accident.
 I'm sure that Oscar is very sorry.
 No.
 "No..." [laughing] "No."
 He loves hitting.
 I mean, he loves hitting, it's like his favorite thing.
 Oh! There he goes.
 He's so strong.
 It kind of hurts, buddy, do you want to stop that?
 It doesn't look like he wants to.
 You know what, why don't we have a snack?
 Do you want a snack? Great!
 Yeah, you want some snack, big guy?
 You want a fruit bar?
 Oh, I forgot them.
 So the two things that you were in charge of,
 socks and fruit, you just decided not to bring?
 No, I didn't decide not to bring-- what I decide,
 it was an accident, people make mistakes.
 Tell me what the difference is.
 The difference between an accident and a decision.
 Not here.
 We have lots of stuff.
 Seriously, have-- we've over-snacked.
 Here. Get in there, have some pretzels.
 Help yourself.
 Oscar, why do you have to take so many pretzels?
 That's against the rule.
 Well, if Oscar wants two fistfuls of pretzels,
 that's fine, you know,
 different families, different rules.
 Yeah, we don't really have any rules around food.
 We don't want to give him a complex.
 Oh, uh-huh.
 Hey, little buddy, you actually need to keep your food
 on this side of the rail.
 But when you're done with your snack
 you can come back and play.
 Excuse me, hey, excuse me. Problem?
 Um, no problem, we just can't have any food
 on this side of the rail. They have a sign there.
 Well, if you have an issue with something,
 why don't you bring it up to me
 instead of talking to my small kid?
 Oh, yeah, of course.
 Could we maybe talk to somebody who's gone through puberty?
 I can bring my manager.
 Yeah, your manager, yeah, why don't you go get me the manager?
 Yeah, we would love to know why not letting a child
 bring a few pretzels past an imaginary line
 is that big of a deal, okay?
 You don't have be a [bleep] Nazi about it.
 Oh, okay, yeah, I'll...
 It's okay, honey. You're perfect.
 [both whispering] I hate this place.
 So the one lesbian couple in our class turns out to be dickheads?
 The way they were screaming at that guy.
 That guy! I didn't know what to do.
 I gave him 20 bucks.
 These are the people that Amelia's looking to
 to define a lesbian family?
 She's going to think all lesbians are monsters.
 I know, and Jessica wouldn't let up
 on the high five thing with Amelia.
 Right? Just give her the down low.
 Does she think we're walking away like, ooh, look at Jessica,
 cheetah-like reflexes.
 Congratulations! You beat a five-year-old!
 Let me have a shot at her "down low".
 Oh, there's a real fire behind your eyes.
 I like it. Really?
 No, it's gone now.
 But seriously, how are we going to keep Amelia from now
 just associating lesbian with asshole
 for the rest of her life?
 Is it okay that we're calling them assholes?
 I feel like we shouldn't. Listen...
 If that was a straight couple that we hung out with
 and they acted like that and spoke to people like that,
 we would call them assholes.
 That's true. If you think about it,
 it's actually more prejudiced to not call them out
 just because they're gay.
 If anything, we're being less prejudiced
 by being comfortable enough to call them assholes.
 That oddly makes sense. Right?
 But it still feels weird calling les--
 Mommy, can I have some yogurt?
 Uh, yeah, uh, sure, Bubs.
 Did you have fun at your play date today?
 Not really-- Oscar hit me and the two mommies were fighting.
 Yeah, well, you know what,
 everybody argues sometimes, right?
 I don't think it's because he's got two mommies.
 I know, you and daddy fight sometimes.
 That's true, but we love each other, and we love you.
 Just like Oscar's mommies love him.
 Can I have my yogurt now?
 Yeah, sure, one yogles coming up.
 "Yogles"?
 Yeah, sorry, actually,
 the yogurt industry officially switched it to "yogles".
 People are not happy, but, uh,
 sorry, it's just there's nothing I can do.
 Just when I thought this day was getting better.
 The graphite gets charged with electricity, okay,
 and that generates its own energy
 in the form of heat and light...
 Mm-hmm. ...and that's a lightbulb.
 Can you just do me a favor? I can't do it myself,
 but I'm going to close my eyes and you just hit it real hard.
 Yeah, you know, I wonder why you keep asking me
 to explain what a lightbulb is.
 Because it sounds like it's going to be interesting,
 but then somehow you make it less so.
 Thank you very much. You're welcome.
 Okay, so, uh...
 There's something I have to talk to you about, obviously.
 And I'm here for you.
 Whatever it is, I'm here. Thank you.
 You know my friend Nick, right? I was saying, I love Nick,
 you know that. Well, Nick and I have gotten
 pretty close over the last year and a half...
 Mm-hmm. ...and, um, did you know he was dating someone named Briana?
 Yeah. Well, they broke up recently.
 Okay. And it has to do with me.
 Oh, okay. Yeah, so now,
 I, uh, am dating Briana.
 What? Yeah, I know.
 So, I just want to know, should I be the one to tell him
 or should she tell him, you know,
 because I really like this girl--
 I thought you were gay! What? What?
 You thought-- why, why did you think I was gay?
 So... so many reasons! So many reasons?
 First of all, what's wrong with being gay?
 Well, there's nothing, I just-- because it's--
 You've never had a girlfriend, you're over 30.
 That's exactly-- that's all you got?
 I'm a computer engineer. You know what,
 that's what mom said, okay, he's a computer engineer.
 I don't think just saying someone's a computer engineer--
 Could you stop a second? You told mom...
 Yeah. ...that I'm gay.
 I may have been preparing her for the possibility.
 Okay, what did mom say?
 She had some concerns, I'll be honest.
 Um, some bakery concerns and whatnot, but then,
 after a little convincing I got her on board.
 This is insane! You have to undo this!
 I don't-- obviously I'm gonna tell her,
 I'm not just gonna let her still think you're gay.
 Wait, wait, stop for a second.
 How many people know? How many people did you tell?
 Nobody! I'm not going around like, "He's gay!"
 I just-- people assume, Mike obviously thinks your gay.
 Obviously? Yeah, how do you for sure know,
 by the way, that you're not gay?
 Because I'm-- how do you know you're not gay?
 Well, because I've been there a couple of times
 and it's not for me.
 You don't mean that-- you've been there?
 You've "been there"? What does that mean?
 Where have you been? Vaginas.
 You've been to vagina. I've been to the vagina store,
 and I didn't find anything I wanted to purchase.
 Look, what do I tell Nick, seriously, though?
 Because I don't want hurt feelings.
 I don't give a [bleep],
 tell him, don't tell him, who cares?
 Obviously I came to the right person for advice.
 I don't think I'm overstating it when I say
 it was the Chernobyl of play dates.
 I think there was a mass sterilization
 that went across the Coop.
 Well, I feel it's worth saying, they're awful.
 Seriously?
 Brian, why wouldn't you tell us that
 before we made plans with them?
 What, I'm gonna talk shit about the only gay couple in class?
 Yeah, it doesn't feel great.
 Now I'm sure they're gonna want to get together.
 I just-- honestly, I don't have it in me, I cannot do it again.
 I don't think you have to worry about that.
 Why? What do you mean?
 According to William's mom, who talked to Jessica,
 they don't want to have another play date with you guys,
 so you're in the clear.
 Excuse me?
 What problem could they probably have with us?
 Well, apparently they thought that you guys
 are a little bit uptight.
 We're uptight? Why? Because we don't let our kids
 punch us in the face and we don't just like,
 scream at innocent employees?
 Wait a minute, that's good news.
 We don't want to have more play dates with them.
 Right, but... if you could just let William's mom know
 that we are not uptight.
 No, she doesn't care about that.
 That's fair.
 Still tell her, though.
 Hey, William's mom, she's not uptight.
 That's not William's mom, that's a tree.
 I know, I just wanted to practice.
 I know it doesn't sound great to say it,
 but I'm really relieved he's not gay.
 I thought you'd actually gotten on board with it.
 That's when I thought I had to be.
 And besides, I really don't like Boeing airplanes.
 Well, he's going to be taking you
 to that factory either way, mom, get bored.
 I have to say, I'm a little surprised that
 you're back to watching Amelia watch her dance class again.
 Well, if you're going to be my sole caretaker,
 I want to be sure that I'm on your good side.
 Oh, I like where this is going.
 Which reminds me, I need you to drive me
 to the dermatologist on Thursday.
 I'm liking this part less. What?
 I have a little something on my back, I want them to look at it.
 You know that you still drive, right, mom?
 What if they put me under?
 To look at something on your back?
 Well, you never know.
 I know in this case, very confident that
 they're not going to remove something from your back
 where they have to put you under--
 Oh, now you're a doctor?
 If you're a dermatologist who just immediately goes
 from consultation to surgery
 and needs you to go under, call Leon.
 Leon's not going to be around forever.
 He'll be around Thursday, though, right?
 Well...
 Is Leon okay? Oh, yeah, Leon's fine.
 [woman] All right, ladies, you are done.
 Everyone reach up and... curtsey.
 Here's your snack.
 How was class? It was good.
 Great.
 Oh, my God, our deductible's going up.
 That is bullshit. Seriously?
 Look, "Please see attachment for further clarification."
 What does that mean?
 Oh, my God. Jesus.
 Okay, you know what, we pay for everything,
 we give her everything she wants.
 Is that a nipple? That is a nipple, right?
 Why is it so close to her armpit? I'm not sure.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 