Not Safe with Nikki Glaser: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Not Safe with Nikki Glaser 
 s1e15 - Mysteries of the Female Orgasm - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Not Safe with Nikki Glaser (2016): Season 1, Episode 15 - Mysteries of the Female Orgasm - full transcript 
 Nikki volunteers for an orgasm study, plays I Come Bearing GIFs with Liza Treyger and Jim Jefferies, and interviews people about where they prefer to finish after sex. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ Cheers and applause ] Right before they adjourned for the summer, the Supreme Court struck down a law in Texas that would have shut down three-quarters of the state's abortion clinics. Conservatives were upset because it was a very late-term ruling. It was a huge victory for women, though, but it wasn't enough to shut up Ted Cruz. He posted on Facebook, "Unfortunately, the Supreme Court sided with abortion extremists who care more about providing 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 abortion on demand than they do protecting women's health." But, Ted, abortion on demand is so convenient. I just wish they didn't bundle it with the ESPN Deportes. It's like, "We get it. Goal!" You should be able to say, "I want an abortion and give me one." It should be on demand, you know, like we do with guns. Abortions are safe and legal. They're supposed to be on demand. What's the alternative? Standing outside a clinic, holding a coat hanger like, "Boy, I sure hate kids." Wink, wink. I'm Nikki Glaser, and is "Not Safe." 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Ready?  ♪♪ Welcome to the show. First things first. Let's meet the people I'll be perving out with tonight. Her first time having sex with an audience member, she had sex with three audience members. It's Liza Treyger! Hi. I love you. [ Cheers and applause ] They really like -- They want in on it. They want in. Yeah, it was great. And the first porn he ever owned was actually just a picture of a woman getting a mammogram. It's Jim Jefferies. [ Cheers and applause ] [ Laughter ] Yeah, yeah. Well, I went through my mother's women's magazines. And there was one naked tit, and I was, like, 10 years old, and I went, "Ooh, a naked tit." And I tore it out, and I wanked off to it for, like, two years until I found out. Was it a squish? No, there was one tit in a machine, and the other one was just like here. And to this day, I still get a stiffy if I see, like, an ill woman. [ Laughter ] Well, tonight, I want to talk about the female orgasm, because no one ever talked about it to me. Uh, I just found out about them, like, yesterday, when -- yeah. I still haven't heard about them. Yeah. I never knew anything about them. I just thought they were just something you, at some point, were gonna have to fake. Like, I just knew that that was a thing. Like, did you know about orgasms? No, yeah. I thought it was, like, noises, and then that was it. Yes! Like, I didn't know anything else. I didn't [bleep] with a dude till, like, 30 deep, you know what I mean? -Yes. I was just, like, having sex with all these dudes being like, "Oh, is this -- This is it?" -Yeah. -Oh, 30 people deep. Oh. -Yeah. -Oh, that makes -- -Wait, what did you think? 30 foot, 30 inches. I -- I thought that was a measurement. [ Laughter ] -That's what it takes. -Yeah. Yeah, dudes don't know. They should teach it in sex ed. I feel like everyone should be taught, like, as women, like, if you're not [bleep] nobody's [bleep] -Oh. -That should be taught. I just wish we were all taught that, like, "Oh, no, it's supposed to feel great. And it doesn't matter if a dude says he loves you or not. Like, go have sex with people that make you feel good." -Mm. -Yeah? That's so true. It's always just like, "Abstinence, pregnancy, diseases." And it's like, "I want more." Jim, I wanted to ask you. What was sex ed like in Australia? Is it different, because do you guys learn about orgasms? Um, we're getting there. We just got the Internet, so... No, this is the weird thing. Sex education in Australia -- So, you get it from, like, when you're 14 for, like, six months in school. And my mother was a supplement teacher -- relief teacher. What do you... -Substitute. Substitute -- my mother was a substitute teacher in Australia, and ironic -- at my school. And ironically, the woman who was meant to teach me sex education got pregnant and had maternity leave, right? And so the thing about my mother being a substitute teacher, you'd just walk into class, and there she'd be, right? And my mother's a 300-pound angry individual. [ Laughter ] And I walked in like, "Here we go. Sex education. This is gonna be a good time." Carolyn Nugent just... The whole time? The whole semester? For six months. And she started off -- she'd be at the chart like, "Here's a penis and a vagina. You'll have one or the other." You know what I mean? -Oh, my God. And so I knocked off. I didn't go to that class for six months. So, officially, I've never had sex education. Wow. Chatting to you is the nearest thing I've had. I just remember people got fake babies that you could take home, and then they would cry and you'd have to, like, take care of this fake baby. And this one girl I didn't like had a fake baby. When she'd go buy lunch, I would take the baby and, like, put its head back over and over so she would fail. And that's all I remember from sex ed. How many orgasms do you have a week? Oh, I mean, I masturbate a lot, yeah. -You do? -Yeah. I don't, like, at all. Ever? I rely on sex, yeah. It's hard. Yeah, no. I would rather have sex. No one's excited to just wand it up all the time, but, you know... I mean, I-I learned how, and I'm gonna tell you how, because I-I honestly wanted to learn more about the female orgasm, so I tracked down one of the only scientists in America studying the female orgasm and brought along some women who wanted to have one with me. Take a look. So, what do you guys think is actually happening inside your body when you're having an orgasm? Your organs are just shaking. -Things get bigger and bigger. -What gets bigger? There's words for all those things, but I forget what they are. Like in seventh grade when you did that science experiment with the two bottles. You think vinegar and baking soda... Yeah. ...are just rushing to your vagina. And you just, "Pssh!" And that's what happens -- volcano vagina. Nikki: It seems like most women don't understand the science behind the female orgasm. So, I sat down with Dr. Nicole Prause, a neuroscientist who was conducting a groundbreaking study measuring the female orgasm. So, you're basically the Neil deGrasse Tyson of pussy. Oh, my God. I hope so. What is an orgasm? I have no idea what an orgasm is. We don't really know what exactly triggers it. We don't actually have good data on that, but we can use physical measurements to see whether or not a woman is having contractions that we think are the main hallmark of orgasm. How do you, on your end, know if a lady is having an orgasm, aside from the camera panning up to the moon? We put an electric device into a butt plug. So, just... typical Tuesday. And so, that probe measures the... The rhythmic puckering that happens with orgasms. -Rhythmic puckering. -Mm-hmm. I love that Paul Simon album. Can some people just not have an orgasm, like Kirk Cameron's wife? Some people physically just cannot have orgasms. Do you think that, in our future, we'll see a Viagra for women? The companies have been trying for many years, and many of them have given up after spending billions. So, Big Pharma was trying to give us orgasms, and it's just been really hard and so they kind of just gave up. It honestly -- it sounds like most men in America. So, how many women have you gotten off? Uh, we've had about 20 women through the protocol so far. Nice. Nikki: Dr. Prause's study could help countless women, but as all federal funding has gone to dick research, she must rely solely on volunteers. So, sign my pussy up. Have you guys ever used a butt plug before? -Finger. -No. I've never put anything up my butt. Oh, wow. I'll ask you to insert the butt plug while you're masturbating. -Ready to do this? -Ready to do it. -Let's plug up the butt. -Yeah, let's do it. All right, so, we're just gonna walk in here. And you want to go ahead and hop up on the table. [ Door closes ] What's going on in there? She's got the device in. Which we can see -- she's moving around a little bit. See, that looks like my grandmother's signature. -Whew. -Great, how did it go? I have been found. This is like the Dow Jones. That was great. She's flatlining. It fell out a couple times. That was a little more action than what -- Ooh. That was actually not too bad. You feel like it stayed in okay? I sat on it so it didn't come out. You want to go ahead and put the device in just like we showed? Whoa! Yeah, something's happening here. The Rock better get in a helicopter, because there is an earthquake a'coming. Did you see that movie? "San Andreas." It's not that good. All right, how did it go? Marvelous. Nikki: Now it was my turn. The pressure was on...my clit. I'm sorry. That was -- that was bad. Since you have on pants, you're gonna take those off so you'll be nude from the waist down. Keep talking. And then you put the... right up in there. Can I listen to audio of my boyfriend crying? That does it for me for some reason. Yeah, sure. It's all up to you now. You get, like, a good luck or anything? -Good luck. -Thanks, coach. Nikki: Jesus Christ. I always got to do this. Oh, yeah, it's just you and me, wand. [ Soft jazz music plays ] The data was logged, the numbers were crunched, and the results... I'm done. Hopefully the research I provided today will help those who come after me -- literally. Would you say that this is a new frontier, the female orgasm? Absolutely. I can't believe this work wasn't done 40 years ago. And this is exciting that we have been a part of this research. You know how we sent dogs to space first? We're the dogs. -Bitches. Yes, Rhoda. You're a bitch. You're all bitches. Nice. [ Cheers and applause ] Yeah. So, I did it. I masturbated for science. And? Yeah, and it was -- it was good. It was -- I had one. It was great. She said I was the fastest of all of them. -Nice. -Yeah. Did everyone -- I don't know what it means. Did everyone masturbate the same way? Uh, yeah. We all had the Magic Wand, and we all went in and stuck a thing up our ass. So, that was just -- Can I tell you a fun story? So, I have a bunch of Magic Wands now because of you. And so, um, I was hanging out with friends, and I was like -- To my friend Aaron, I go, "Oh, I have two Magic Wands in that bag." And he was like, "Oh, did you go to Harry Potter World?" [ Laughter ] He thought just, like, wands. It was great. Well, I just want to really reiterate that it is important for women to give themselves orgasms before someone else does. I mean, it's like a -- It's like being on a plane and your oxygen mask. Put it on yourself, then do the child next to you. Don't do that. You know what I'm saying. Be your own scientist, ladies. We'll be right back. ♪♪ [ Cheers and applause ] According to the New York Post, millennials are so lazy, they've started flirting with gifs. And I know I'm saying that wrong, but -- I know it's "jif," but "gif" is just eas-- gif, right? -Yeah, Jif is peanut butter. -Jif is peanut butter, yeah. But it is supposed to be pronounced "jif," but for the -- I'm going to be saying gif, so don't tweet at me, okay?! I get it! But they're saying it's, like, a great way to flirt. But I don't know. What do you guys feel like? Have you been flirting with gifs? -No, but I would love it. -Yeah? I think it's cute -- Like, if it was an animal doing something cute or something, I would like it. And it takes a lot of effort to find a gif that matches, you know, what you're feeling. -It really does. It takes longer than actually coming up with a sentence that evokes how you feel. -Yeah, it does. -Jim, do you gif? This is the first time I've heard about gifs. Really? Like, I feel like, though, that we're learning our social cues from gifs now. Like, kids are just gonna be like, "OH, sadness is when you go..." [ Laughter ] Like, repeated a thousand times. Like, that's -- sometimes they just grasp it so well, though. Just like sometimes a real housewife will make a face and you're like, "That is everything to me. Thank you, Bethenny." -Yes. "You really summed up how I feel. Thank you." But I think it really does go further than just flirting. It's just how we're communicating now, because why spell out words when you could just send a gif? Like, if you want to say, "Don't put it in my butt without asking me first." [ Laughter ] I feel like that's a pretty efficient way to say that, and you don't have to get dirty about it. Or you could send this one when he calls you "curvy." [ Laughter ] Okay, the good thing about this one -- this one works the same as the last one. [ Laughter ] "Don't put it in my butt without asking." Yeah, it's the same one. [ Laughs ] And this next one speaks for itself. [ Laughter ] [ Laughing ] Yes! "Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want to sit on your face!" That's what it means. Oh, I thought, "Do you want to sit on my pussy," or something. [ Laughter ] So, tonight, we are going to come up with some gifs of our own. This is "I Come Bearing GIFs." [ Cheers and applause ] Our legal department made us spell "come" like that. Jim, you just learned what a gif was, but you came up with some for us. -I know about gifs. -Oh, you know. So, what's one you brought us? This one's, "I just want you to know that I haven't had sex in over a year." [ Laughter and applause ] -Is that Justin Long? -It is Justin Long. -Just taking it. -He's just taking it. Liza, what do you got? When you try a position you saw in a porno. Oh. [ Laughter and applause ] That's a nice way to say that. I also think this is like, "Oh, hey, your roommate could watch us [bleep] but it's not gonna be pretty. Like, it's not gonna go down well." Here's one I like to use when he tells me his ex-girlfriend is dead. [ Laughter ] This also works if he tells you he doesn't have parents. You're like, "Oh! Yes! I never have to meet them." He's kind of cute. That's like if Bernie won the election. [ Laughter and applause ] That's totally it. Jim, you're up. This is my favorite one. This is when she tells you her period is over. [ Laughter and applause ] That kid's a genius. Liza? Oh, when you tell all your girlfriends that he's [bleep] [ Laughter ] [ Laughing ] I love that they're crying. Liza, you got another one? -Yeah. "I was trying to masturbate to you, and then I accidentally thought about my mother." [ Laughter and applause ] I love that one. Liza, one more? When the dick doesn't match the dick pic. [ Laughing ] Thank you for that, Liza. But you'll do it anyways, you know what I mean? Yeah, you'll do it anyways. No, for me, like, when a dick doesn't match the dick pic, it's like if I ordered cheese fries and then I get, like, fries with American cheese slices melted on it. It's, like, disappointing, but you'll eat it anyways. -'Cause you're drunk. -Yeah, 'cause you're drunk. What I do with dick pics, back when I used to send them, right, I just have ready-made ones. I never take one especially for you. I just have a back catalog in me phone of my dick in different emotional states. Oh. What you do is you put things in the picture, like those little bottles of vodka you get on airplanes, and you say, "That's a full-size bottle of vodka." [ Laughter ] Well, you guys, we just showed you our gifs. Now we want to see the gifs you use to flirt. Send your favorites to @NotSafeShow using the #IComeBearingGIFs, and then tell me what they mean, 'cause I can't read your minds. We'll be right back. [ Cheers and applause ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 