The Loud House: Season 3, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Loud House 
 s3e14 - Scales of Justice/Crimes of Fashion - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Loud House (2016–…): Season 3, Episode 14 - Scales of Justice/Crimes of Fashion - full transcript 
 Lana springs into action when she learns her favorite fish are in jeopardy of losing their home to construction. When Leni gets fired from her job due to missing scarves, Lincoln and Clyde take on the case as Ace and Jack. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - ♪ Crashing through the crowded halls ♪ ♪ Dodging girls like Ping-Pong balls ♪ ♪ Just to reach the bathroom on time ♪ ♪ Leaping over laundry piles ♪ Diapers you can smell for miles ♪ ♪ Guy's got to do what he can to survive ♪ - ♪ In the Loud house ♪ In the Loud house - ♪ Duck, dodge, push, and shove ♪ ♪ Is how we show our love - ♪ In the Loud house, in the Loud house ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - ♪ One boy and ten girls ♪ Wouldn't trade it for the world ♪ - ♪ Loud Loud Loud ♪ Loud house - Poo-poo. [upbeat rock music] ♪ [birds chirping] [curious music] ♪ - Hey, Mrs. Fishman. Didn't we talk about you staying off your feet until the babies are born? You should be relaxing-- 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 in your new kelp bed! Oh, almost forgot-- gotta update my sign. Let's change this to, "Fishmans' Pond, "Population..." Wait, how many little ones are you having, again? Uh, let's just round it off to 100. So that makes 102. Royal Woods is a great place for big families. You guys are gonna be really happy here. [brakes squealing] [nefarious music] Hey! What's your problem, pal? - Beat it, kid. This land got sold to "The Mustard Warehouse." They're building a new store here. I got orders to fill in this pond today. - You can't do that! This is the Fishmans' home! - Look, if they got a problem, they can call a lawyer. - They can't use the phone. - [laughing] Aww, come on, kid. No one cares about a couple of fish. Put 'em in a tank or something. - If I move the parents, I'd have to move their eggs, and they could die. - What can I tell ya, kid? There's plenty of other fish in the sea. [chuckles] Now move. [dramatic music] - Wait, buddy! Your shoe's untied! - Huh? Oh, yeah. - Hops, bolt removal. - Under, around, and through. Meet Mr. Bunny Rabbit, pull, and through. Oh, for crying into your pub cheese soup! [growls] I'll deal with this tomorrow. - Good job, Hops. That'll buy us a little time to figure out a plan. - [burps] - Hops! Diesel breath! [curious music] - Lana! Muddy shoes! - And pants, and shirt, and hat! - No time to change, I've got a crisis on my hands. The Fishmans are getting kicked out of their home. - Have they tried calling a lawyer? - They're fish! And they live in the pond at Tall Timbers park. But now some jerks want to pave paradise and-- - Put up a parking lot? - No, a "Mustard Warehouse." - Well, the Mustard Warehouse probably will have a parking lot. - I can't just stand by and watch this happen. - Lynn, I think we might have a little activist on our hands. - You know, we might be able to help, hun. Your mother and I were quite the activists in our day. We rallied for a ton of good causes. - Equal pay for women, reduction in carbon emissions. - The freedom to wear puka-shell chokers in the workplace. You know, all the big stuff. - Great! So what do I need to do? - Well, I think your best bet would be to draw up a petition. - Okay, cool! What's a petition? - Well, you go door-to-door collecting as many signatures as you can. You'll also need phone numbers, home addresses, and emails. - You'll need the signatures of half of the people in town, which would about, mm, 10,000. - 10,000? Is that even a real number? Okay, fine. And then the construction will stop? - No, it'll just be delayed while they call a public hearing. - Now, at the hearing, there has to be... [discordant trumpet noises] - Boy, 10,000 signatures. This is gonna be a long day. Hops, we'd better pee before we go. - [croaks] - [screams] Monster! - Cool, where? - [screaming] I'm never going in that bathroom again! - You know, Hops, maybe there's an easier way to save the Fishmans. - [croaks] - You're right, we should still pee anyway. [curious music] ♪ - [croaking] [various animal noises] [splashing] [suspenseful music] [engine squealing] ♪ - [roars] - Cheese and rice! [screaming] - Oof! - [groans] - [roaring] - They're never gonna believe me! I'm outta here! - [roaring] [triumphant music] ♪ - Hey, honey, come check this out. They're talking about your pond. - Katherine Mulligan coming to you live from Tall Timbers park. I'm here with the construction worker who claims to have seen an alleged swamp monster. - That's right, Katherine. Had to be 20 feet tall, couple hundred pounds, paws like a bunch of bananas. See for yourself. He came at me with everything he had. - And is that when you ran away screaming? - Wh-- Who told you that? Was it the monster? - Uh-huh, uh-huh. I'm getting word that in light of this incident, "The Mustard Warehouse" has decided to build its new store in another location. - Yeah! [laughing] - Looks like you lucked out, kiddo. - Even though you didn't need it, we're proud you were willing to put in the effort with that petition. - The what now? Oh, right, the petition. Yeah, I was so close to getting those 10,000 signatures. - 10,000? Is that even a real number? - Apparently. - Well, I'm just glad that swamp monster isn't in our bathroom anymore. both: That's terrific, sweetie. - Well, Hops, the Fishmans are gonna be pretty happy to see ol' Lans. Not to boast, but I did save their-- [gasps] - Here, monster, monster. - I need a selfie with the monster. - Get your swamp monster tees! One for $4, three for 15! - What's going on? - Katherine Mulligan, coming to you live from Tall Timbers park. It appears the alleged swamp monster has turned this once-sleepy hamlet into a hotbed of media attention. - Oh, you're talking to me. - Yes, I am. And can you please move? Because we need to set up our broadcasting tent. - Be careful! There are delicate fish eggs over here, They need peace and quiet. [helicopter whirring] How long is this whole media hot-sauce thing gonna last? - Until the swamp monster decides to pack up and leave. Katherine Mulligan will be bringing you all the action, 24/7. I'm Katherine Mulligan. - Hmm. Pack up and leave, you say? [devious music] Okay, gang. I feel kind of bad about scaring all these people, but we gotta do it for the Fishmans. - So, I brought the ham and cheese. Did you bring the baguette? - I'm sorry. I didn't know what that was, so I just got bread. - [roaring] [both screaming] [all screaming] - Swamp monster! - [screaming] - Listen up, team, this is Katherine Mulligan with breaking news! - Katherine, we know your name. - The swamp monster has been spotted in Short Shrub Creek. This is Katherine Mulligan saying, "Let's get over there! [dramatic music] - Anyone wanna give Flip a lift? I'll give you a discount on a tee-shirt! Six bucks! - Fish fam! Great news! I got those noisy TV people out of here so you can raise your babies in peace! - This is Katherine Mulligan, coming to you live from Short Shrub Creek, where the swamp monster has recently relocated. - Thanks to us. - [croaks] - That's bad news for "The Mustard Warehouse," because Short Shrub Creek was going to be the site of their new store. - Wait, it was? - The good news is, now that Tall Timbers park is swamp monster free, they'll be able to move back there. Construction starts tomorrow. I'm Katherine Mulligan. - [gasps] Hops, what have we done? They're going right back to the Fishmans! Oh, Hops, I should have listened to Mom and Dad and done things the right way. We still have time before they turn the Fishmans' home into mustard. Maybe we can still do this. [knocking on door] Hi, Mr. Grouse! I'm collecting signatures to stop "The Mustard Warehouse" from destroying the Fishmans' home. - Uh, did the Fishmans try calling a lawyer? - They're fish. - Well, mustard gives me the toots, so I'll sign. - A-thank you. A-thank you. A-thank you. A-thank you. A-thank you. A-thank you. - There you are, honey. We heard from that reporter what's-her-name that they're back to paving your park again. - I know, I was out trying to get those 10,000 signatures to stop them. - How'd it go? - Not great. - I came up about ten million short. - I'm really sorry, sweetie, but you did everything you could. - Well, no, I actually didn't. I tried to take a shortcut and made things worse. And by the time I decided to do it the right way, I was too late. - Well, we're still proud that you stood up for what you believed in. - Yeah, but that doesn't do much for the Fishmans. They're still going to lose their home. [sighs] - Wait a proverbial ding-dang moment. - Lisa, if you tell me to call a lawyer, I'm going to-- - No, no, no. You don't need a lawyer or signatures. The Fishmans, as you so charmingly refer to them, are actually Acipenser Fulvenscens. Street name: lake sturgeon. - The Fishmans are doctors? - Ugh. Not "surgeon," Leni, "sturgeon. " Which are endangered, and therefore protected. - Wait, are you saying-- - That nobody can touch their habitat. It's a Federal law. - Yes! - As you may recall, in 1973 Congress passed... [discordant trumpet noises] Luna, I'm trying to speak, here. - See that, Fishmans? You are now federally protected, which means no one can mess with your home. Fish babies! Aunt Lana and Uncle Hops are here to babysit! You guys enjoy yourselves. A-thank you. - Are you sure this is a good idea? - Oh, Leni, come on. W--what's-her-name from the news said there hasn't been a swamp monster sighting in days! - Okay, I guess. [splashing] - [spitting] [both shrieking] [Leni screaming, groaning] [dramatic musical flair] [upbeat jazz music] ♪ [dramatic music] - "Well, Ace, we've narrowed down "the suspects to... "'The Card Shark,' 'Snake Eyes,' "and 'The Old Maid, but which one made off "with the golden die?" - "It's as clear as the mustache "on your face, Jack! "Only one of these villains could have done the deed-- "and that is..." My money's on "The Card Shark." - Same. The guy never blinks. You just can't trust him. Okay, let's see. Boom! Nailed it! We just solved our fifth case in a row. We're on a hot streak! [door opens] - [sniffling, whining] - Hey, Leni. How was work? - [sobbing] Terrible! - What happened? I thought things were going great at the store. - They were! Until this afternoon. Your receipt's in the bag, along with some samples of our new scent: "Sugar Cookie Sunshine." [whimsical music] That skirt would look great on you. And it also makes a cute poncho! - [gasps] You just changed my life! - [clears throat] Uh, Leni? - Hi, Mrs. Carmichael! How's the monthly inventory going? - Not great. Several scarves have gone missing. Can you come with me? - Are we going on a scavenger hunt? [sniffling] There was no scavenger hunt. She thinks I stole the scarves! [sniffling] - What? Why would she think that? - They were all from my department, and they all went missing in the month that I've worked there, so she said she had to let me go. And I said, "Go where?" And she said, "That means you're fired!" [wailing] - That is so unfair. Leni would never steal anything. - This is worse than the time Crazy 8 was falsely accused of stacking the deck. If only there was someone who could help clear Leni's name. - You mean like us? - Lincoln, I know we have these amazingly accurate uniforms, but we're just 11-year-old boys. - 11-year-old boys who just solved their fifth case in a row. We're ready to deal out some justice. - Wow, you just sounded like Ace. If I had hair on my arms, it would be standing up. [heroic music] So cute for fall. Jack to Ace: No suspects sighted by the mini-backpacks, over. - Copy, no suspects by the-- whoa! - Cool costume. I'm playing superheroes, too! Wanna see my hideout? - Ah! Actually, this isn't a costume, it's a uniform. And I'm not playing, I'm investigating. Where are your parents? - My mom's too busy to play, too. - Ace! Suspect spotted by the scarves, and you won't believe who it is. - Sorry, kid, gotta follow this lead. [rousing jazz noir music] ♪ Gabby? It can't be her. She lent me her safety goggles in gym. ♪ It's totally her. Come on! ♪ - Oh, I know I'm gonna get in trouble but... ♪ all: Hold it right there! - Gabby, you already have a closet full of scarves. - Mom, please! Just let me buy it! I have a gift card. - Your aunt gave you that for a sensible pair of shoes. Now put that scarf back. Clyde? Lincoln? What are you doing here? - [whistling] - Oh, you know, just shopping for some-- - Training bras? - [yelps] - Ugh. Do you have any idea how hard these things are to put back on hangers? - Uh, sorry. We'll clean it up. - I'll just gather these, uh, items. Ah! My crime eye! [jazz flair] Okay, so we'll be more careful next time. No one's a suspect unless they're extremely suspicious. - Like, say, a senior in the junior's department? Scoots! We know she's done some hard time in mall jail. - Maybe she's just here to buy a gift for her parole officer. ♪ - Then why is she going into the fitting room? - [gasps] You're right. She's probably going in there so she can stash the scarf in her bag. - Let's get her! - Wait! We can't just barge into a fitting room. - Dang it, you're right. We need a way to stop her on the way out. Oh, I've got it. - Spike strip! ♪ - Let's see her try to scoot over these. - [laughs] Yeah. They'll have to start calling her "Stops." [horn honking] [wheels whirring] - Make way! Mama's late for a toga party. - Uh oh, I think we messed up again. - Mrs. Stops, scoot! I mean-- Mrs. Scoot, stop! - Here's your 20 bucks, I don't need a receipt. [horn honking] [both cry out] - Whoa! [tires squealing] My "b"! Put it on my tab! - Seriously? You two again? - Sorry, we'll clean this up. [dramatic jazz music] - Get out! - Okay, so we're 0 for 2, but I'm sure Ace and Jack have made a few false accusations in their careers. - Totally. Remember that lawsuit they had to settle with "The Bluffer"? - We just have to be more careful not to jump to conclusions. - Right. And if we see someone walking quickly away from the store clutching a bag with blue fabric sticking out of it. - Exactly. - Wait, what? [both gasp] both: Fiona! - It makes perfect sense. That's why she threw us out of the store-- she didn't want us on her trail. - Come on, Ace. Let's go deal with this joker. - Wait. We need one more player at the table. ♪ [both holler] - You're back! And you brought your sidekick! - Uh, excuse me? We're partners. - Can we all play superheroes now? - Sorry, we can't. We're about to crack a case. - Aww... - There she is! Mrs. Carmichael? We can prove that Leni didn't steal those scarves. - Uh, who are you? - Clearly, we're detectives. - Here are five cases we've previously cracked. - Please just come with us. There's not much time! ♪ - [slurping] ♪ - Stop right there, Fiona! - Open the trunk. - What? Why? I--I'm not doing that. - I think you better. - Okay, you caught me. [sighs] - Mrs. Carmichael, I think you'll find this bag contains at least one blue-- both: Dress? Huh? - Yep. I bought this at Stader's after my shift. Sorry, Mrs. C. I know we're not supposed to shop at our competitors, but it was such a good deal. - Well, I can't say that I approve, bu-- Wow, they are giving this away. Do they have it in a 12? - [clears throat] Um, Fiona? We're really sorry for accusing you. - These things sometimes happen in detective work. You're bound to play a few bad hands before you win the jackpot. - Whatever. I'm leaving now. [tires squealing] - Well, ma'am, we've made a mistake. But don't worry, we're not giving up until we find the real shoplifter. - It would really help if we could have access to your private employee files and customer mailing list. - [sighs] Look, I appreciate what you're trying to do for Leni, but I don't need two kids in costumes disrupting my store. Now, please, just stay out. - Give us another chance! Ace and Jack can't rest until they've done found some justice! [car honking] I feel terrible, Clyde. We failed Leni, and now she'll never get her job back. - I just don't know how we got it so wrong. Is it possible reading comic books doesn't make you a good detective? - I guess it's possible. Maybe we really are just two kids in costumes. - You're right. [grunts] Ow. That wasn't a good idea. - [whimpering] Oh, hey you guys. Don't mind me, I'm just looking for stuff to fold. I really miss it. Oh, can I fold this? - You can have it. I'm done wearing capes. - Well, it doesn't have to be a cape. You could wear it as a scarf, too. - Wait, did you just say "scarf"? - You're right. What was I thinking? Wrong season, Leni. How about a beach cover-up? - No, no, "scarf!" Clyde, that's it! If a cape can be a scarf-- - Then a scarf can be a cape. - I think I know who the culprit is. - So do I. - Leni, can I have that back? We have a crime to solve. - At the beach? ♪ - Okay, let's split up. You look in the accessories section, I'll cover the shoes. - Ahem. I thought I told you to stay out of my store. - Don't worry, ma'am, we'll be gone in a minute. We just need to talk to your son. - My son? - [grunts] - You're back! Your mustache is crooked. - Hey! Any chance you still want to play superheroes? - Yeah! I'll show you my hideout! - Hideout? What hideout? - I think we all should go see it. Especially you, Mrs. Carmichael. - Ugh, fine. But if you boys are wasting my time again, I will have you banned from the mall until you're 18. - No more fro-yo? - No more comic book store? - You'd better be right, Lincoln. The stakes are high. [suspenseful music] - So here's my hideout. Wait! Let me just put in the password. [beeping noises] ♪ - [gasps] The scarves! - Mom, they're superhero capes. - [sighs] Wow. I had it all wrong. Thank you, boys. - No problem, ma'am. I guess you could say justice was in the cards. [triumphant music] [mellow music] - [sighs] Cute top! And did you know you can also wear it as a pencil skirt? - Oh, Leni, I can't apologize enough for accusing you of stealing those scarves. Is there any way I can make it up to you? - Hmm... Are there any sweaters I can fold? Hey, you guys! Thank you so much for getting my job back. I've been telling everyone at the mall what totes amazing detectives you are. - We know! We just got a new case at the pet store. - A chameleon's gone missing. They think. He's really hard to see, so it's possible he's just in his cage. - Well, if anyone can solve the case, it's Blake Saucy and One-Arm-Joe. - Eh, close enough. Ready to deal out some justice? [thrilling jazz music] - [grunts] - Seriously? - ♪ Cramped inside this tiny space ♪ ♪ May sound bad but ain't the case ♪ ♪ In the Loud house - ♪ Loud house - ♪ Duck and dodge and push and shove ♪ ♪ That's the way we show our love in the Loud house ♪ - ♪ Loud house ♪ Laundry piles stacked up high ♪ ♪ Hand-me-downs that make me cry ♪ ♪ Stand in line to take a pee ♪ ♪ Never any privacy ♪ Chaos with 11 kids ♪ That's the way it always is ♪ ♪ In the Loud house  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 