Death Note: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Note 
 s1e9 - Sesshoku: Touch - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Note (2006–2007): Season 1, Episode 9 - Sesshoku: Touch - full transcript 
 When surveillance of the two homes turns up nothing, L thinks things through to decide what to do or where to turn next. Following an exam, Light enters college where he's number one in his freshman class along with a watchful student who introduces himself to Light as L and invites him to join the Kira Task Force. Recognizing he's been outplayed, Light blows his cool for the first time but soon rallies with a plan, locking the two boys in a deadly battle of wits from here on out. 
 
 Download 
   Within the spreading darkness I pledged a vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it I'm going to change The future that the forbidden fruit foretells... I'm going to change The dream into reality The ending That everybody wants Within the spreading darkness I pledged our vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it Someday I'll show you A bright and ideal World I can't believe my diligent son is looking at a magazine like that! Light, it's time for dinner... I'll solve equations with my right hand... And write names with my left. Grab a potato chip... And eat it! The witness to my alibi is L himself. ENCOUNTER Are you sure, Ryuk? Yeah. You definitely aren't being followed. G- Give it to me quickly. My withdrawal symptoms are... You're not saying that just because you want an apple, are you? Hey, hey! I flew around, above you a bunch... up to a radius of a hundred-meters. I'm sure. But there was the news report about Interpol dispatching 1,500 investigators... You know they were bluffing. You said it yourself. If it were real, they would sneak in and investigate secretly. All right, Ryuk. I'll buy you an apple. All right! Thank you very much. Light! Hurry! Hurry! You know, the way you go around treating Shinigami... You had me search for cameras... And made me give up eating apples in the house. Eat the core too... In the end, I'll write your name into my Death Note and kill ya! Are you in a position to laugh? That's right. There's just one thing left to top everything off. Ryuzaki... Yes? About the purse-snatcher and embezzler's heart attacks two days ago... That happened before my family had any knowledge of it. Have they been cleared? I suppose you're right... Even though Kira can control the time of death, I don't think that there's any way he could set up his victims without watching that broadcast-! Your son has come home again. So, you're gonna ignore me and act like you're studying again, huh? I already have an idea of where all the cameras are. But I was only able to kill a purse-snatcher and an embezzler with the potato-chip trick... They ended up being minor criminals compared to those I've killed until now. - Next on the news- - - - Are you going to watch I V? I killed criminals whose names and faces were broadcast when I didn't have access to TV or the Internet. But there still is a chance that I'll be suspected because only minor criminals die when I don't have any information... - ... an investigation has been opened... - In other words... If I also kill minor criminals being broadcast when I watch TV... I won't call attention to myself. Also, when I go out... regardless of the severity of the crime... I should remember the names of criminals broadcast... And kill them at random times... with the piece of the Death Note I left in my wallet. Now, my countermeasures against the surveillance cameras are perfect. During these past few days... I have checked the tapes and video footage many times. I've come to a conclusion. Of the people in the Kitamura and Yagami families, suspicious activity was observed in... ...no one. I shall remove the cameras and wiretaps. So, in the end the culprit wasn't here, huh? Don't lower your guard! We're going to narrow down our possibilities once more. Please don't misunderstand... I just meant that there wasn't anyone suspicious from what I could see from our footage. Even if Kira is among them, he wouldn't give himself away. No. It means that he was killing criminals as usual, without showing it. So are you saying one of them might be Kira? As I said... There's a five-percent probability. Kira was still killing people even while the surveillance cameras were in place... I don't know how he does it... But even if he's able to kill just by imagining it... ...any normal human being would exhibit a change in their facial expressions or behaviors while committing the murders... "Kira is not among them," is what most people would conclude. But... If one of them is Kira... His psychological state has already reached god-like levels. Judging sinners without any change in expression. I want to believe that Kira doesn't really exist... that this really is divine judgement. But to think that a god would need a person's face and name to kill is ridiculous. This isn't divine judgement. It's the actions of a childish killer who thinks he's a god. That's all. The mass murderer known as Kira defi?nitely exists. And I will catch him. But I don't think that Kira will expose himself even if I keep these cameras in place... What should I do? It would be best to get him to tell me himself that he's Kira, and have him show me how he kills... But there's no way I can... Hey, Light. All the cameras have been removed! All of them, all of them! Hey Light, are you listening? Hey, Light. Oh, I get it. The wiretaps might still be here. I'm no longer a suspect. It went exactly the way I'd planned. But L will probably continue to pursue Kira. And if he's still working with the Japanese police... My father will be among those being used. If that's the case... I'll use my father to fi?nd out L's identity so I can... eliminate him... If I just get rid of L... Kira will be one step closer to becoming the god of the new world. Light, hurry up. Do your best! Good luck, Light! Really, you're making such a big fuss over this. I'll be going now. It sure feels good, now that we know that there aren't any wiretaps. Well, it's nice to know that one cause of stress is gone before my test. 2007 TEST CENTER FOR UNIVERSITY ADMISSIONS TO-OH UNIVERSITY TEST You there! The test will start in ten minutes! Hurry up! I was planning on going in three minutes before the test because I didn't want to wait around in the classroom... I sure got here early. Talk about confi?dent... You may begin. You there... Number 162... Sit in your seat properly! There's been a lot of Shinigami... looking real hard into the human world lately. What's going on? It seems that Ryuk has turned into some human's pet. W- What in the world is he thinking? Really. He's a disgrace to all Shinigami. No, I'm talking about the human who's keeping him. Ryuk's probably not a very cute pet. Well, yeah. So, what kind of human's keeping him? Is it a woman? A man? Who knows? Guess I'll go take a peek as well... Good grief! 2007 TO-OH UNIVERSITY ENTRANCE CEREMONY So you're a college student now, huh, Light? I'm kind of.. filled with emotion. Now for our freshman address. Our freshman representative, Light Yagami. Yes. Oh, wow. And other freshman representative, Hideki Ryuga. Oh! Yeah... Hideki Ryuga, the pop idol?! Couldn't be... There's no way he's smart enough to enter To-oh. Ah... You're right. He doesn't even look anything like him. I heard I was going to be giving the address with someone else, but... I never thought it was going to be him. He's the guy who was sitting weird behind me on the fi?rst day of the Exams. He completely stood out... from everyone else. Life springs renewed in the breath of Spring... The person who scored highest on the test is supposed to do this, right? That just means that there were two top scorers this year... I heard they both scored 100% in all subjects. Seriously?! I guess there really are people like that. I definitely like the guy on the right! What??! Kyoko, you're weird! Most people would choose the one on the left. But those two sure are different... Yeah... One looks like a brilliant genius from a sheltered family. The other... Life springs renewed in the breath of Spring... Seems wild... Or at least very weird... Is that what people would call a genius? He's doing the address... for the To-oh entrance ceremony dressed like that. He is either not taking this seriously or an idiot. Thank you very much... Hideki Ryuga. Yagami... You are the son of Soichiro Yagami, Detective Superintendent of the NPA. You have a sense of justice which rivals that of your respect for your father. What is with this guy? You aim to become an NPA official... and have helped the police to solve several cases in the past. You're now showing great interest in the Kira case. I have faith in your sense of justice and abilities, and if you swear not to tell anyone, I'll tell you something very important concerning the Kira case. What is this all of a sudden? Should I just ignore him? But what is this important information concerning the Kira case? I won't tell anyone. What is it? I'm L. I- It couldn't be! What is he talking about?! There's no way that L would say that he's L. I thought he was weird, but is he actually insane? T- This isn't good. Don't be shocked. If he really is L... I have to act naturally, like how Soichiro Yagami's son, Light would act. If you truly are who you say you are, I respect and admire you. Thank you... I revealed myself because I think that you can be of help in solving the Kira case. Light Yagami... The probability that you are Kira is just under fi?ve percent. But out of everyone we were watching, I sensed something from you. You're too perfect. And if you're Kira, there's nothing that could pressure you more than this. If this guy's really L, he's something else. Indeed... if he really is L. No, even if he isn't L... I... I can't do anything to him! If what he's saying is true, he's probably already shown his face to my father. If he dies as soon as he reveals himself to me, then it would immediately cast suspicion onto me. And he's using an obvious alias like "Hideki Ryuga. " If his name really isn't Hideki Ryuga and I try to kill him by writing his name in the Death Note... and he may die instead... But he won't die and he'll infer that I'm Kira. Is he really L?? And does he suspect that I'm Kira? I don't know how much he knows, but I'm sure he suspects me. There's no other reason for him to tell Soichiro Yagami's son that he's L. Does this mean that he's still focusing on the people that Raye Penber was investigating? But why would L approach me directly?? Not now... It's better to keep my mind blank. I need to look calm. He's defi?nitely watching me to see if I'm rattled or not... 2007 TO-OH UNIVERSITY ENTRANCE CEREMONY Light, that was a fun college entrance ceremony. Yagami. Hey, Light... He's calling you. It was nice to meet you... No, the pleasure was all mine... What an amazing car... A limousine? Well, I'll see you around campus. Oh, yeah. Where is that rich kid from? And he's even at the top of the class? What a jerk. Welcome home, To-oh University student! Damn it! He got me! He "got you"...? Damn it, L... I've never been so humiliated in my life! Hey, why don't you just do the Shinigami eye deal with me and just kill him? What good would that do if this is a trap?! If he's not really L, then that would be just like telling L that I'm Kira! S- Sorry... Shinigami killing people and humans killing people aren't the same thing. I want to kill him, no matter what it takes, but if I do, it'll be traced back to me... The Death Note can only kill a person whose name I write in it... I cannot control someone to kill someone else. The Death Note is a pain in the ass! Light is usually calm, but he's fuming now... He's pretty annoyed. At first, I thought that when I found out his name, I'd have him get in an accident or commit suicide. But it's no good unless I know a hundred percent that he's L. No. Even if I do know it's him, it may be too late. No matter what the cause of death, if L dies, I'll cast suspicion on me... I underestimated him... I never thought that I would come up to me and say, "I'm L!" He just has to tell all the suspects that he is L. Even if he's his double... This is a solid defense as well as an attack against Kira. He beat me... It was a good move... Ryuga will continue to play dumb and probably continue to approach me and manipulate me at the university... This is great... There's nothing to worry about. This proves that they don't have anything on me... It's a contest between L and me. It's a game of wits! On the surface, we'll be friendly acquaintances on campus. In reality, we'll be investigating each other, "Are you L?" or "Are you Kira?" This will be fun, Ryuga. If it's friendship you want from me, I'll gladly accept. I'll make you trust me... And once I've pulled everything out of you, I will kill you... with my own hands! TO BE CONTINUED I dreamed a dream that no one could see, I threw away everything that I didn't need I'm holding these feelings That I can't give up in my heart Even if my feet fall victim to the shackles of sacrifi?ce In between reality and my ideal I can't hold back the flooding impulses Because I have a strong desire To accomplish I'm not weak enough to believe Any of these negative perceptions I'm a trickster who doesn't know solitude PREVIEW There's no way that he could profile me with this tennis game. He has some other goal in mind. But even if it is tennis, I will win! DOUBT 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 