Death Note: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Note 
 s1e3 - Torihiki: Deal - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Note (2006–2007): Season 1, Episode 3 - Torihiki: Deal - full transcript 
 L continues to expand his investigations and suspects the police force while Light starts to use another trait of the book to prove wrong the theories of L. In the meantime, Ryuk offers Light a deal. 
 
 Download 
   Within the spreading darkness I pledged a vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it I'm going to change The future that the forbidden fruit foretells... I'm going to change The dream into reality The ending That everybody wants Within the spreading darkness I pledged our vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it Someday I'll show you A bright and ideal World Members of the ICPO... I am L. Regardless of how men y suspects there ere, there's a strong possibility that they're Japanese. Kira, I have a pretty good idea behind your motive and why you're doing this. But what you're doing is... evil! W- Why that...! Try and kill me! - I am justice! - What's going on?! - I'm saving the meek that fear evil! - This is unreal! I'm the man who will become the god of the ideal, new world! L... Kira... - I will definitely find and finish you! - I will definitely find and finish you! - lam... - lam... - justice! - Justice! DEALINGS SERIAL MURDER SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS HQ Until now, there have been 3,029 responses about the murders from telephone calls, etc. Most of them are from curious members of the public... But there are fourteen people who say that they either "know the killer" or "have seen the killer. " Each account was followed up and recorded carefully. But no one had information that hasn't already been released to the public. There are also 21 people who claim they are Kira. We didn't want to rule out any possibilities... So all 21 people were put on record and filed. Okay. Next, the victims. Sir! Upon further investigation, we have confirmed that information of the heart attack victims was, in fact, publicly available in Japan prior to their deaths. Also... Concerning L's request that we investigate the times of death for each victim... We found they occurred between 4 p. m. until 2 a. m. on weekdays Japan's time. 68% of them occurred between 8 p. m. and 12 midnight. Furthermore, we have a wide variation of times on Saturdays, Sundays, and holidays. That information is very interesting. Judging from those times of death... the culprit may be a student. I have other grounds for this belief. The perpetrator is probably driven by their own idealistic sense of justice. He's probably driven by his own idealistic sense of justice. They may even be trying to become a god. It is a deduction from a very childish mentality. I can't believe that... This is just a mere possibility. But please get rid of the fi?xed idea that the culprit couldn't be a student. Considering various possibilities is the shortest route to arresting Kira. Please continue your investigative report. Y- Yes... Has anyone else noticed anything? Um, yes... What is it, Matsuda? Umm... I'm in no way saying this to give credit to Kira's actions... but for the past few days, worldwide... and especially in Japan... the number of violent crimes more serious than robbery has dropped drastically. Well... I suppose that's to be expected... AFB/thing else? L, that about sums up our investigative report for today. Thank you, everyone. I feel as if we're closing in on the culprit. Please forgive me, but I'd like to make another request. I want the teams investigating the victims, news and internet to examine closely once more how the victims' identities were made public in Japan. I want to know if pictures of the victims' faces were shown. I leave it to you. Chief... You seem very tired... Thanks... I've been pulling all-nighters lately. What I said about crimes dropping drastically... Now that I think about it, everyone knows that already. I'm sorry. What are you talking about? Keep speaking the truth... Especially when it's about things people hesitate to bring up. However, if you had gone on to say that... we should commend Kira for admirably reducing crime rates, now that might have been a problem. I- Impossible! Support that murderer? I'm just kidding. Just as I expected, Light! Hey! Did you understand any of that by yourself? Huh? Yeah, kind of... Oh, it seems like Dad's home. Welcome home, Dear. He's home early! Hey! At least figure out the last problem by yourself. I will after dinner! Really... Helping your little sister do her homework... you sure have confidence. Yeah. There's one thing that gives me an advantage against the police if they move against me. Welcome home... Dad. Good to be home. Light, how are your studies going? Hmm? They're okay. He's at the top of his grade as usual. I'm very proud of my big brother! I'm very proud of my son! Dad, you seem a bit tired. Yeah... I can't tell you any details, but this current case is very difficult. I see... Your father is with the police... That must be the reason why you're so confident. Yeah. I can hack into my father's computer from my own without leaving a trace. I can always keep track of the investigative situation. Here it is. The police are beginning to suspect that the culprit is a student. Light, doesn't that mean you're in trouble? If the cause of death is written within 40 seconds of writing the person's name, it will happen. If the cause of death is not specified, the person will simply die of a heart attack. After writing the cause of death, details of the death should be written in the next 6 minutes and 40 seconds. Is that correct, Ryuk? Yeah, so? In other words, if I write "heart attack" as the cause of death, I can write down the circumstance and time of death. Looks like I may be able to provide you with a little more entertainment, Ryuk. Number 148, what's wrong?! Get ahold of yourself! SERIAL MURDER SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS HQ T- There were another 23 heart attack victims yesterday?! Yes. The day before, there were 23 more victims. One every hour... The fact that this has continued for two weekdays straight... Means our sketch of the culprit has become doubtful. No, anyone could skip school for two days... That's not it! It does appear less likely now that the culprit's a student... But that's not the message Kira's trying to send! Why one every hour? And why are all the victims in prisons, where they can be easily found? Kira is trying to say that... he can freely control... the time of death. But something's not right... As soon as we began to suspect that Kira was a student, the timing of the killings changed as if to contradict our theory. Is it a coincidence? No, the timing is too convenient... Does that mean that Kira knows what the police know? This is obviously a direct challenge from him! L is probably panicking by now. I still have fifty criminals left especially for times like this. Oh... Right now, L should be starting to suspect someone involved with the police. Kira has found a way to obtain information from the task foroe headquarters. I cannot ignore this fact. What is Kira's real objective? What is he trying to do? But I don't get it. By getting rid of the student theory, aren't you at a bigger disadvantage if L thinks you're connected to the police? My reason is... It's in order to find L and finish him off. What do you mean? In human society, there are only a few people who actually trust each other. That's true even among police. In particular, L and the police don't trust each other at all. Could you trust someone whose name and face you don't know? When L discovers that information from the investigation was leaked... he's bound to search for leads on me within the police force. When he does, it's only a matter of time before the police get really mad. On the surface, L and the police are working together to try to catch me. But in reality... L is investigating the police and the police will start investigating L. I'm not the one who's going to find L. The police will track him down. And I will eliminate him! SERIAL MURDER SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS HQ LETTER OF RESIGNATION As you can see, these are our letters of resignation. Transfer us to a different case. If you can't, we will quit the police force. B- But why? Why? Because we value our lives, sir. By L's deduction, Kira can kill people indirectly through supernatural powers, right? If I were Kira, I would try to kill anyone who tried to catch me. That's because he'll be executed if he gets caught. Earlier, in that media stunt, L challenged Kira. "Try and kill me," he said. But L never showed his face or revealed his name. Just recently, L ordered us to find out if the victims' faces and names were broadcast in Japan. That's right! All the victims were people whose faces were broadcast to the Japanese public! We... unlike someone we know, carry around our personal identification as well as our photos in our police IDs. We don't hide our faces, we're out in the open! We... could be killed at any time by Kira... This is why we wish to be removed from our post. Please excuse us. H- Hey you! Wait a second! Here's the solution to this problem. Take x squared equals... large x. You can think of large X's quadratic equation... as the multiple of two integers. FBI agents entered Japan four days ago. They are currently investigating the police involved. This is the list, isn't it? Yes. There are 141 people within the police force alone who have access to classifi?ed information on the Kira investigation. But one of the 141 people or someone close to them... Kira is defi?nitely among them! SOICHIRO YAGAMI DOB 7/12/59 DETECTIVE SUPERINTENDENT, NPA HEAD OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS SERIAL MURDER CASE SACHIKO YAGAMI DOB 10/10/66 LIGHT YAGAMI DOB 2/28/89 HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT Light, you gotta second? Didn't I tell you not to talk to me as much as possible when we're outside? How many times do I have to tell you? Well then, I'm just gonna tell you. Cover your ears if you don't want to hear. I don't have anything against you, Light. I think the notebook couldn't have been picked up by a better person. And I have to stick around with you until the notebook is finished or you are. But, I'm not on your side or L's side. Ryuk, I know that much already. That's why I'll never say anything about whether what you're doing is right or wrong. But I'm going to say this as your roommate. What's wrong, Ryuk? Why are you telling me this all of a sudden? This isn't like you. I'm going to tell you this, not because I'm an ally of Kira, but because it's creeping me out... Get to the point already... Someone's been following you all this time. He's been getting on my nerves. He can't see me, but... because I'm always hovering behind you, I feel like I'm being watched. That's a problem. I'll get rid of him soon, Ryuk. Just who is he? Does that mean that L has begun to suspect the police? He must need quite a large number of people to investigate them. Even if he had 50 people investigating... there is no chance that I'd be suspected of being Kira. I should seem like an ordinary high school student. But, if I leave it alone for several months, that possibility won't remain at zero. I have to learn my shadow's name. When I fi?nd that out, I can get rid of him... Light... I'll let you in on something good... There are two big differences between... Shinigami and humans who have a Death Note. Do you know why Shinigami have to write peoples' names in the Death Note? How would I know that? You're really talkative today, Ryuk. It's because Shinigami receive the human's remaining life span from them. "Receive their remaining life span"? Let's say that there's a person who will live 'til 60 in the Human World. You write that he'll die at forty in the Death Note. Sixty minus forty equals twenty. Those twenty years in the Human World are added on to a Shinigami's life span. As long as we don't slack off, even if we're shot in the head or stabbed in the heart with a knife, Shinigami will not die. But, no matter how many names you write in the Death Note, your life span will not lengthen. That's the difference between Shinigami and humans who have a Death Note. Hmm... To humans, that's very kind of the Shinigami. That's kinda interesting. The second difference might even be more interesting to you. Instead of lengthening life, it's about cutting it short. Cutting it short? When a Shinigami sees a person's face, they know their name. Do you know why? A Shinigami's eyes... ...can see a human's name and lifespan above their heads when we look at you. Name... and lifespan? LIGHT YAGAMI If I convert it to human time, I'll know how exactly how many years it is. Of course, I wouldn't tell you even if you stretched my mouth open... Even if my mouth is stretched out as it is. Shinigami never have problems knowing the names of the people they kill. They also know how much life they're going to receive. Our eyes are different. That's the biggest difference between you and me. Shinigami can also turn the eyes of whoever picked up their Death Note into Shinigami eyes. But only if a deal is made, one that's been with us since ancient times. A deal? The price for a Shinigami's eyes... is half of that human's remaining lifetime. Half of my remaining lifetime... Yeah. In other words, if you were to live another 50 years, you'll have 25 years left. If it was one year more, you'll have half a year. And since you're neither Kira's ally nor L's, you won't tell me the name of someone I want to kill, even if you see their name. In other words... I can't count on your help. Is that what you're trying to say? Yeah. It's also part of the Shinigami code. I'll say this once more. Give me half your remaining life and I'll give you the Shinigami eyes. If I do that... I'll know everyone's name. That will make it easier to use the Death Note. So... Light, what'll it be? TO BE CONTINUED I dreamed a dream that no one could see, I threw away everything that I didn't need I'm holding these feelings That I can't give up in my heart Even if my feet fall victim to the shackles of sacrifi?ce In between reality and my ideal I can't hold back the flooding impulses Because I have a strong desire To accomplish I'm not weak enough to believe Any of these negative perceptions I'm a trickster who doesn't know solitude PREVIEW L DO YOU KNOW Everything is going according to plan. The Death Note never fails. PURSUIT 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 