Death Note: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Note 
 s1e7 - Donten: Cloudy Weather - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Note (2006–2007): Season 1, Episode 7 - Donten: Cloudy Weather - full transcript 
 Light uses the Death Note to try to get rid of the woman who could get him captured and is shocked when it doesn't work. 
 
 Download 
   Within the spreading darkness I pledged a vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it I'm going to change The future that the forbidden fruit foretells... I'm going to change The dream into reality The ending That everybody wants Within the spreading darkness I pledged our vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it Someday I'll show you A bright and ideal World OVERCAST Regardless of how she came to her conclusion, she knows the truth. If she gives this information to the police... they'll ﬁgure out that Light Yagami equals Kira. I have to ﬁnish her off. What's wrong? Oh, nothing... I've been going over what you just told me and I think that we should investigate that theory as soon as possible. Really? Yes. Have you told this to anyone else? No, you're the first. You're lucky. But how are you going to eliminate her? Wouldn't it be bad if you did it here? I've already ﬁgured that out... without you telling me. Wow! So out in the open. Could you tell me the date and time of the bus-jacking incident? It was on December 20, in front of Asagao Hill. At 11:02. Headed to Space Land. December 20. Headed to Space Land, right? Yes. SHOKO MAKI SUICIDE JANUARY 1, 2007 COMMITS SUICIDE IN A WAY THAT NOBCDDY VVILL BE INCONVENIENCED AND HER BODY WILL NOT BE DISCOVERED. DIES BY IMPLEMENTING THIS PLAN WITHIN 48 HOURS. Now no one will ﬁnd her body. Even if they do ﬁnd her, they'll assume that she killed herself because of her ﬁance. Ryuk, what's so funny? I'm very sorry for questioning all of you individually. Kira is not one of us. Ryuzaki, how can you definitely say that he's not among us? To be honest, I set some traps to check if you were Kira, but... I didn't feel the need to set them on any of you. Excuse me. After he told us to turn off our cell phones...! I got it. I'm just about finished. Enter with your key. Watari is on his way. I understand. If it's all right, I'll report this incident. No, I'd like to report it myself. After talking to you, I've decided to do it as soon as possible. I suppose you're right. Just ten seconds until 1:15... I want to see how this woman dies, but I can't be caught following her. Go on.. hurry to your death! Kira will definitely be caught, won't he? What's wrong? The time has passed... That's odd. Why isn't this woman leaving? My tests have proved that I've proved many times that I should be able to control her within these circumstances. $0 Why? Ryuk... Come to think of it, he was laughing oddly when I was writing in the Death Note... That's not all. The way he laughed when I asked for her name was also bizarre... Both were times when something had to do with her name... An alias! Thank you all for working so hard. T- This person is Watari? Um, where are your usual clothes? If I had dressed like I usually do, it would be like telling everyone I'm Watari. It would also give away Ryuzaki's location in this hotel. |- | see. Showing my face in front of you all means you've won Ryuzaki's trust. |- | feel kind of honored... Ryuzaki, I've brought what you've requested. Please pass them out to everyone. Yes. These are everyone's new police IDs. New? An alias. That's the only thing it could be! Ryuk can see her real name. That's why he was laughing. This woman was being careful from the start. That's right. She believes that Raye died... because he showed his ID. That's why she's acting without revealing her identity. This isn't good. It's even harder to ask for the real name of someone who has already given an alias. If I keep asking her persistently, she'll get suspicious. More importantly, it's suspicious that I knew she was using an alias. I should be getting back soon. Someone might have come back. Oh, yeah. I suppose you're right. Hopefully, someone did. Yes. Damn it...! It would also be unnatural to try to turn her back. What should I do? At this rate... Oh no... If my father calls... I promised her that I'd let her talk to him! It's all over if he calls! What do I do? What am I thinking about? I can just turn off my cell phone. Calm down. I just have to ﬁnd out her name. Her purse, her pocket, she's got to have a driver's license... or some sort of personal ID on her somewhere. She's a woman. If it comes down to it, I can use force... That's stupid! I can '1' do anything that'll cause a stir here- -. I've got to get her to somewhere isolated. Where? What explanation can I offer... ...this extremely cautious woman? No, I've got to change my plan of attack... I can do this. I can get her name without setting any alarms off. Light. We can do that eye deal anytime... It's no different from putting on contact lenses. It takes just a few seconds. I won't have my remaining life halved by the likes of this woman. No, I won't ever consider the deal! Don't bother me. Shut up, Shinigami! Excuse me. Yes? Do you still have business at the police department? I'll be all right by myself. I understand. Our names and ranks are all fake. Fake police IDs?! Kira requires a name and a face to kill. We are challenging Kira with that premise in mind. This is only natural. B- But a police officer with a fake ID is... No, if Kira needs a name to kill, an alias would go a long way in protecting our lives. We should carry these around. I think so, too. Yeah. When you have to give out your name to strangers, use the alias in your IDs. Yes. Please be careful not to use them inside the police headquarters. It could cause problems. Understood. Well then... I want everyone to wear these belts. Belts? There is a tracking device in the buckle. This way, Ryuzaki will know your whereabouts. And when you press the buckle twice... My cell phone will ring. And I'll call you back immediately. In the morning, you will go to work at the police department. Later, using this method... I shall confirm our hotel and room number. Please use this for emergencies as well. This is kind of cool. It's like we're a special force chasing Kira! Matsuda! This isn't child's play. Don't joke around. Okay.. - Thank you very much. Thanks to you, I have gained confidence in my theory. Not at all... Since Ryuk brought up the eye deal... There's no doubt. She's using an alias. At this rate, with her theory that Kira was on the bus... and given the people Raye Penber was tasked to investigate, the police will immediately suspect me. Hey, she's leaving. Is that okay? It should be about ﬁve minutes until she reaches the police headquarters... Think... How can I get her name within ﬁve minutes? She's going to the police headquarters. If someone from the task force has returned, I'm ﬁnished. Somehow, I've got to ﬁnd out her real name and eliminate her... Now there are only three minutes until she reaches the police headquarters. All right. What are you going to do? Excuse me. Yes? There's something I haven't told you. Okay.. - It's impossible to contact anyone directly in headquarters. I have to conduct this conversation naturally and connect it to something that she'll latch onto. Within that time, I'll draw out her name. I can do this. What do you mean? Don't you think that it's odd that there's no one at headquarters? Y- Yes. I thought it was strange, but... The team investigating Kira is structured so no one knows who is involved. If the general public knows how the team is structured, a tragedy like the one involving your fiancé may happen again... I understand. That's why you were told that no one was at the headquarters. In other words, you will never be allowed to talk directly to someone from headquarters. That's good, Light. Why do you know so much? She's pretty sharp. I guess I have no choice. I shall tell you... It's because I'm a member of the task force. You're part of the task force? Yes. L is currently in charge of the task force. Yes, I thought so. L was troubled because there weren't enough detectives at headquarters. Many quit because they're afraid of Kira. I'm just a high school student, but... I've helped the police solve two cases in the past. So he was convinced by that...? I can enter the headquarters whenever I wish, and I'm allowed to investigate on my own. In other words, the people who are currently at task force headquarters... are the chosen few who... are trusted and highly qualified I understand. But just in case, I think I'll visit the headquarters. Thank you very much. Please wait! I just told you that you can't talk to anyone. I would like to talk directly to L. Come to think of it, who's at headquarters now? Right now, no one. That's not good. Have at least one person there at all times. Understood. Aizawa, if you could stay there for today... Okay. I can get there quickly from here. Ms. Maki, please wait. It's impossible to meet L. It's useless. He might... allow me to meet him. What? I only followed his orders from beyond a computer screen, but... Two years ago in America I worked on a case under L. You worked under L? Until three months ago, I was an FBI agent. This is it... I can use this. Is that so? It's no wonder. Your actions are not amateurish. You move carefully and wisely as you get to the heart of the matter. I'd like to learn from you. It's amazing how you can line up all those lies like that. I must approach this case in my own way. I have to suspect the police and even the people within task force. But I trust L. I thought that if I went to headquarters and have them verify my name and face... I'd be able to speak directly to L. I see... But why did you tell me that you wanted to talk to L? When I wasn't allowed to see someone from the task force, I was angry and then I ran into someone who claimed to be the son of the lead detective... No, that's not it. I'll tell you the truth. You seemed like L. I felt that you two are similar. Shall we investigate the case together? Huh? Will you work as a member in the task force? Of course, not just anybody is allowed. But we need people like you! You could be doing more than gathering general information. You were an FBI agent. You're more talented than our current detectives. Even L trusted you. To join the task force, you need proper identification, a recommendation from a current detective on the team, and finally L's permission. You want me to join the task force? It's fate that we met here! I'll recommend you! Oh, sorry. I just got a little excited... N- No, it's okay... Even if you can cooperate with the investigation, I understand you have personal circumstances to attend to. Especially since you live in America... I was planning to continue living with my fiancé in America, he and I were to be married this spring. But now that he's dead... I have no idea what I'll do now... All right... I've come this far, I just have to push a little bit... But you're still very young and beautiful. You shouldn't be involved in such a dangerous investigation... No! I don't have anything to lose. I want to catch Kira! It's all I want to do! Please let me investigate with you! Thank goodness. Well, may I see something that may act as some form of personal ID? Well... Yes? Actually, that name I gave you earlier was not my real name... I'm very sorry. That's all right. Amazing! Who would have thought you were being so careful? You're one step ahead of me. That's even further proof that you're qualified. Is a Japanese driver's license okay? Yes. I made it... NAOMI MISORA DOB 2/11/1979 NAOMI MISORA SUICIDE 1/1/2007 COMMITS SUICIDE IN A WAY THAT NOBODY WILL BE INCONVENIENCED AND HER BODY VVILL NOT BE DISCOVERED. DIES BY IMPLEMENTING THIS PLAN WITHIN 48 HOURS. Excuse me, but why do you keep looking at your watch? Oh... this? It's because... I'm Kira. What's the matter? There's something I have to do. Oh. My father's cell phone is on now. Don't you want to talk to him? I have nothing I want to talk about. Good bye, Miss Naomi Misora. TO BE CONTINUED I dreamed a dream that no one could see, I threw away everything that I didn't need I'm holding these feelings that I can't give up in my heart Even if my feet fall victim to the shackles of sacriﬁce In between reality and my ideal I can't hold back the ﬂooding impulses Because I have a strong desire To accomplish I'm not weak enough to believe Any of these negative perceptions I'm a trickster who doesn't know solitude PREVIEW I can kill criminals currently being broadcast... while masquerading as a regular high school student. Just watch, L! 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 