Death Note: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Note 
 s1e5 - Kakehiki: Tactics - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Note (2006–2007): Season 1, Episode 5 - Kakehiki: Tactics - full transcript 
 Soichiro Yagami demands to meet with L in person when he finds out that L has secretly brought FBI agents into Japan. Light, meanwhile, has found a way to get those very FBI agents off the case-permanently... 
 
 Download 
   Within the spreading darkness I pledged a vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it I'm going to change The future that the forbidden fruit foretells... I'm going to change The dream into reality The ending That everybody wants Within the spreading darkness I pledged our vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it Someday I'll show you A bright and ideal World TACTICS DECEMBER 20, 11:50 AM Hey... Yes? I'm actually here in Japan on a secret investigation. If the Japanese police were to... I understand. I won't tell anyone that I met you. Including my father... Please excuse me... It's just as I thought. I also don't want the police to know that I've come into contact with an FBI agent. If my father ever found out, he'd tell L. Raye doesn't suspect me at all... The police will deal with what happened just now as a regular accident. Welcome back. Good to be back. What's the matter? Why the big sigh? Raye... What happened? I got mixed up in a bus jacking. A "bus-jacking"? A man who robbed a bank two days ago tried to hijack a bus. Japan has become a scary place. Does that mean you were also riding on that bus? Yeah. In the end, the suspect jumped out of the bus and was hit by a car. Did the suspect die? Yeah. Probably... I didn't have any time to watch what happened. Raye... Do you really think that was an accident? What do you mean? Well, you were on that bus because you were investigating someone, weren't you? The criminal probably died... Doesn't that mean... Hey, you were indeed once a brilliant FBI agent. But now you're my fiancée. You're no longer an agent. Don't say anything about the Kira case. Don't get involved or take risks. That's what we agreed on when I brought you with me here so we could meet your parents. I understand, Raye. It's just a force of habit. Sorry. No, I'm sorry. Don't worry about it. Once we have a family, you'll be so busy that you'll forget that you were an agent. You won't have time for that habit to come out. Instead, help me think of something that will make that father of yours like me more. Oh... Are you going to write down the name of the agent now? No. I'm going to write his name a week from today. If he dies right after I meet him, I'll look suspicious. It would be better to do it once they've investigated more people involved with the police. For now, I'll use some more inmates to toy with L. L. There is another dying message left by a victim. Please send an image to me. Gods of Death... "L, do you know? Gods of Death. " Does he want to say that Gods of Death exist? Watari. Tell the police to keep watch on the prison. There may be someone else who will leave a message. I understand. DECEMBER 27, 3:00 PM There sure are a lot of humans... Are you going to do it here? I'll show you what I've learned from all of the experiments and research I've done in the past few days... "Experiments"? Yes. I've been testing different killing methods on the criminals in this area... ACCIDENTAL DEATH DECEMBER 26, 8:30 PM DIES AFTER GETTING HIT BY A CAR. Then, when I write a name in afterwards, it becomes true. That's something even I didn't know... He's here... Right on time... Mr. Raye Penber. I'll kill you if you turn around. I am Kira. If you turn around or put your hand in your pocket, I Will kill you. I- It couldn't be... But this voice... I've heard it somewhere... I shall first prove to you that I am Kira. I'll kill the man with the glasses... working at the coffee shop you are looking at. T- That's impossible! Don't do it! I had no choice. I thought that if I didn't kill at least one person, you wouldn't believe me. That man has been repeatedly accused of sexual assault, but the police have never convicted him due to lack of evidence. He was a menace and deserved to be punished. You may already have heard from L, that I cannot kill someone unless I know his face. I could kill everyone you see here. If you have any requests, I'll do it. D- Don't do it. I believe that you're Kira... Of course, you care more about your loved ones more than the people here, don't you? Consider them hostages. Y- You know about her?! That's right. I've been studying you. I will kill everyone, including your family if you don't do exactly as I say. You included, of course. |- | understand. What do you want me to do? You have a computer with you, don't you? Is there a file on the agents who've come to Japan? My laptop is for work. I always carry it around with me. But those files aren't in it. Then take this envelope. First, take out the transceiver and put on the earphone. A transceiver... It's almost like a toy... But this won't leave a transmission record anywhere and we can converse at close distances even underground. He's thought this out. Please take the Yamanote Line. It doesn't matter if you take the inner circle or outer circle. SHIBUYA - SHINAGAWA Even while you're on the train, keep your eyes forward... ...focused on one spot. Don't forget, I can kill at any time. Once you're on the train, sit in the corner closest to the door. If it's taken, wait until it's free. First, I must tell you something. If your answer differs signiﬁcantly from what I expect, I will kill your girlfriend. Of the FBI agents who have come to Japan, how many are there and how are they organized? Please answer into the transceiver. I've heard it's f-four teams... a total of twelve people... Next, take out what's in the envelope. What... is this? Of those investigators... Write the name of the agent who is directly in charge of you all... in the space at the top. What is the meaning of this? What is he planning? But I have to do as he says. He shouldn't be able to kill with just names alone... Next, open your laptop. You should be receiving a ﬁle from your superior soon. A ﬁle of all the names and faces of the FBI agents who came to Japan. T- This is... What's going on? Now, like you just did, take a good look at each agent's face as you write their names on the envelope. I don't understand. What is Kira trying to do? What is he doing? It seems like you're done. Now put the transceiver and envelope with the names on it back into their original envelope and put them on the rack. Now put your hands on your lap and continue riding the train without making any movements for about thirty minutes. When you are sure that nobody has noticed that you have forgotten the envelope... get off of the train. Why? Why can't I remember that voice? Kira... Who are you? Light... Yagami... Farewell, Raye Penber. Raye Penber wrote those names on pages taken from the Death Note. He unwittingly killed all of his colleagues. Penber's superior died after sending him the ﬁle on all of the agents. The rest of the agents all died of heart attacks after the ﬁle was received. L... We have a call from the Director of the FBI. It's me... I've just got word from Japan that all of our agents have died. They all died of heart attacks. I can only think that Kira killed them. L, I'm very sorry, but... The FBI will call off our investigation in Japan. It's from Chief Yagami. L, I've just spoken with the FBI Director. According to him, you were investigating everyone here involved with the task force. Yes. What is the meaning of this? Are you saying that you suspect us? I decided that it was necessary to learn Kira's identity. I cannot condone this. I cannot believe that you would spy... on your colleagues... We can't trust L... Besides, Kira killed those FBI agents, right? Even if they're not criminals, he'll kill anyone who stands in his way! Kira's really just a murderer! L. Another victim has left a message. L, do you know? Gods of Death... love apples... Damn you, Kira! Raye's... dead... No, he was killed by Kira... What? A family meeting? Even if I kept it secret, you'd find out sooner or later. So I'm going to tell you now. I am currently in charge of conducting the Kira investigation. No way! Dad, you really are amazing. That isn't what I wanted to say. Yesterday... twelve FBI agents, sent to Japan to find Kira, died. Does that mean that they were killed by Kira? What?! It means Kira might kill anyone who tries to apprehend him... It's a cold and ruthless crime more fearsome than anything we've encountered before. Many of my officers have quit. Dad, you should quit too! I don't want you to die! She's right. You should place your life before your job. No. I will not remove myself from this case. I will not yield to evil. Dad... Dear... Dad, that's admirable. I'm proud of you. If anything ever happens to you, I'll see that Kira gets executed. Kira will probably kill all who oppose him, even if they're not criminals. We may all be killed by Kira... Think of your lives, your families, and friends. If anyone wants to be removed from this investigation, please resign. If you resign, you will not be demoted. I promise you. I want those with the confidence to stay on the case to fight Kira, even if going after him means sacrificing everything. That is all. Hey... What are you going to do? Yeah... Yeah, right, that's him. I remember him because he said, "Get down. " But I don't really remember the other passengers... I see. I understand. Thank you very much. If what I'm thinking is correct, Kira could have been among those passengers... If that's so, I can ﬁnd Kira along the path this bus takes. SERIAL MURDER SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS HQ Only five people, huh? Six including myself. No, I should say as many as five of you are willing to risk your lives. I trust all of you who have a strong sense of justice. W- Wait just a moment. L says he trusts us, but... We don't trust L. L, we have decided to risk our lives to catch Kira. You should know what we mean by that. But you never show your face and just order us around... We cannot work with someone like that! L. If you want to work with us and want to catch Kira... Would it be possible for you to come here? Earlier, I said that I trust you all. PLEASE KEEP WHAT IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN A SECRET BETWEEN THE EIGHT OF US. I WOULD LIKE TO MEET THE SIX OF YOU, WHOM I TRUST AS SOON AS POSSIBLE BEFORE THAT, I WANT YOU ALL TO GO OUTSIDE OF THE POLICE BUILDING AND DECIDE ONCE MORE IF YOU TRUST ME OR NOT. NATIONAL POLICE AGENCY AND NATIONAL PUBLIC SAFETY COMMISSION Why does he suddenly want to work with just the six of us? If he's solved numerous difficult cases by himself, he should do the same this time, too. And judging by the way that L has been conducting the investigation, he'll probably send a double to meet us. A double, huh? It's possible... |- | trust L. I also think we need L's help in this case. Me too... L said from the beginning that... he needed the police's help in this case. Perhaps you could think of it like this. L was waiting for this to happen. For what to happen? There were people in the investigation who distrusted L from the beginning. Then we had detectives continuously resign... and confidential information was leaked. You can't run an investigation unless you trust your partners. In other words, L was waiting for the task force to get down to the people he can trust and who will face evil without fear. Yes. I'll resign rather than join up with L. Don't worry. I won't trail you and try to find L. I trust L and will try to cooperate with him. Me too... I am currently in a room at the 719/70 Hotel. I shall be switching hotels from now on every few days. From now on, I want you to think of these rooms as... the de facto HQ of the investigation. If you can agree to these terms... I want you to split into two groups, with a 30-minute interval between you, and come here by... twelve o'clock midnight. Kira, we're even in how far we've closed the distance between us. Fine. I'll show myself to others as L for the ﬁrst time. If you manage to ﬁnd out about this, you'll deﬁnitely move in closer. Bring it on. I did a lot these past few days. Think. Was there something that I missed? And... what is my next move? L, the real battle starts now. Please come in. TO BE CONTINUED I dreamed a dream that no one could see, I threw away everything that I didn't need I'm holding these feelings That I can't give up in my heart Even if my feet fall victim to the shackles of sacriﬁce In between reality and my ideal I can't hold back the ﬂooding impulses Because I have a strong desire To accomplish I'm not weak enough to believe Any of these negative perceptions I'm a trickster who doesn't know solitude PREVIEW This Shinigami may not be on my side, but it looks like another god is. UNRAVELING 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 