Death Note: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Note 
 s1e11 - Totsunyû: Plunge - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Note (2006–2007): Season 1, Episode 11 - Totsunyû: Plunge - full transcript 
 
 Download 
   Within the spreading darkness I pledged a vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it I'm going to change The future that the forbidden fruit foretells... I'm going to change The dream into reality The ending That everybody wants Within the spreading darkness I pledged our vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it Someday I'll show you A bright and ideal World ASSAULT Next, we have the Naomi Misora case... Should we go ahead and open a criminal investigation? We should investigate it separately from the Kira case. We should avoid using photographs and only use police sketches. But she's already been missing for four months. She's probably dead already... If she's dead, it's odd that her body hasn't turned up yet. If it does turn up, we might be able to find a clue. Ryuzaki. Turn on Sakura TV. Something terrible is happening. In other words, we are being held hostage by Kira. Please understand this is not a hoax... ...and that we are not broadcasting these tapes purely for sensationalism "Held hostage by Kira"? What is this? Four days ago, our program director was sent these four tapes. Without a doubt, they were sent by Kira. Our ratings could go up sixty, no, seventy percent... MESSAGE FROM KIRA 4 VIDEOS As predicted, they died of heart attacks. If this is true, it really is something that only Kira could do. MESSAGE FROM KIRA 4 VIDEOS It foretells another death to prove that he is Kira, and also contains a message to people all over the world. Well, it's probably just another fake documentary, right? It couldn't be. Who would make such a vicious fake? Please watch. I am Kira. If this video was aired on April 18, at exactly 5:59 PM, the time now is 5:59:47... 48... 49... Please change the channel to Taiyo TV. The anchor, Mr. Kazuhiko Hibima will die of a heart attack at exactly six o'clock. Change it! It can't be! How could he?! Change the channel back. - Bring another set in here... - Mr. Hibima continued to refer... - no, two sets. - to Kira as evil on air. - Yes. - This was his punishment. There shall be another victim. My next target is NHN TV commentator, Mr. Seiji Kumaizumi. He has continued to condemn me. He is scheduled to appear live... R- Ryuzaki-! Change it Channel 24! Change it back. I trust you now believe that I'm Kira. Kira said that he was going to send a message to the people of the world... Something terrible will happen if we don't stop this broadcast! Get Sakura TV on the line! It's no good. My friend who works there has his cell phone off. All lines at the station are all busy! Damn it! Mr. Ukita! I'm going to the station to stop this at the source! Please listen to me carefully. I don't want to kill the innocent. I hate evil and love justice. I consider the police as allies and not my enemy. Damn you, Kira... My goal is to create a World Without evil. If everyone cooperates, this will be simple. If you do not try to capture me, the innocent will not die. Damn! Even if you don't agree with me... refrain from publicizing your views in the media or in public. And you will be spared. Also please be patient. I will create a better world for everyone. I will change this tainted world into a new one... inhabited by only good, kindhearted people. Imagine it. Together the police of the world and I will create... Sachiko. Dear, this will affect your health. Please rest. Sachiko. I am the head of the Kira task force. Damn it! It's locked! This is the police! Open up! You... Idiot! - Hello?! Damn it, I'm not getting through! - We interrupt this program to bring you live footage from the front of the Sakura TV studio. Mr. A-Aizawa! It seems someone has collapsed! We're currently right in front of Sakura TV studios! U- Ukita! Damn it... It's Kira, isn't it?! Mr. Aizawa. Where do you think you're going? Where Ukita is, of course! That wouldn't be good. Please think about this calmly. Are you telling to just sit here and watch TV?! If this is Kira's doing, you'll just meet the same fate if you go there. Kira shouldn't be able to kill without a name! So how could this happen! Our aliases and fake police IDs are pointless! This could mean Kira already knows our names! That may be so. If that is the case, it would be a lot easier to kill off all those who are investigating him before making a move... I deduced that he needed a face and a name to kill, but... from what I just saw, it's not entirely impossible that he may only need a face to kill... All I can say is that Kira is within that television station... or is in a place where he can watch who enters the building. If Kira is in that area, isn't that more of a reason to go?! He may have only placed surveillance cameras in the area. If we go there unprepared, we'll just be killed. You said that you were risking your life to catch Kira, didn't you?! Risking my life and doing something that'll easily get me killed are completely different things. What? Please bear with it. Mr. Ukita was killed. But if something were to happen to you as well... I want the police to tell me Whether or not they will help me create a new World. Please make an announcement on the six o'clock news in four days. I have prepared a video... for whichever answer you choose. What the hell is going on? Hey! What do you think you're doing?! Where's the studio they're airing the Kira videos? This just in! A vehicle has just crashed into the Sakura TV studios! That's one way to get into the building without being seen. But who would... This is the police! Stop this program! W- What's going on?! Stop the Kira tape right now! W- Wait a second, Detective! If we interrupt it we'll be killed by Kira... Shut up! You do that, and you won't be killed right now! What do you think you're doing?! Are you out of your mind?! All of this is happening because you're treating Kira like a celebrity. Don't you think it serves you right? Give me all of the copies of your tapes! And don't try anything! |- | got it! I'll give them to you! So please stop waving that gun around! You've got a crazy look in your eyes! Police cars have ﬁnally... arrived in front of Sakura TV studios! We're not alone in this. There are still police who are willing to stand up against Kira. Mr. Aizawa. You know Deputy Director Kitamura's cell phone number, don't you? Aizawa, I told you not to call me... This is L. I want you to do something for me. Watch the news broadcast. You'll see the officers driven to act on their own, to bring Kira to justice. If you don't take control of them as their superior, we'll have a tragedy on our hands. But we are not supposed to get involved in this case... Two of the police ofﬁcers who rushed forward have collapsed! I understand, L. Advise me on how I should lead them. It's from Detective Superintendent Yagami. Call him back... And give the phone to me. Quickly, get me Ryuzaki! It's me. Mr. Yagami, so that was you in that police van. Yes... I just couldn't take it anymore... I've confiscated all the tapes. I'll bring them to you. How are you doing? I'm more than fine. I've never felt more alive in my life. So what should I do? I think going out from the front would be dangerous. But maybe I'll be all right in that van... Wait just a moment. Deputy Director Kitamura, Chief Yagami is the one who crashed into the building. Are you prepared? As you requested. Mr. Yagami... Wait five minutes... then just exit through the front entrance. Just exit through the front entrance? Listen up! Do not leave any gaps! Do not show yourselves! Kira is not in the television station. He's outside! Thank you. I'll drive myself. I understand. Listen up! There is a good chance that Kira is in the area! Be sure not to show yourselves while you're searching! The police will reject Kira's offer! They plan on ﬁghting! I- I will gather up the courage to say this... This is right! This is the right thing to do! This is the right stance that a country under rule of law should take! My name is Koki Tanakabara. I am NHN's Golden News anchor, Koki Tanakabara! Chief! Chief Yagami! Ryuzaki... I'm sorry for acting on my own. It seems I got too emotional... Not at all. The tapes and envelopes that Kira sent, are all in here. Thank you very much. Please allow me to rest for a moment... Mr. Yagami... Your efforts will not be in vain. The postmark is from Osaka. But Kira can control his victims before they die. He could have it delivered from Osaka without going there himself... Mr. Aizawa. Could you take this to the lab? I have a lot of contacts in the lab. I'll be sure to check this out thoroughly. Please do. I shall check the contents of the duplicate tapes. Ryuzaki, what's on them? They're very interesting videos. COPY 2 COPY 3 And if the answer was no, number four was to be aired. COPY 3 Basically, to broadcast more criminals. Especially those who had hurt people... Or criminals who had abused those weaker than they are. Regardless of how severe their crimes were. And Kira would play the judge in all of this. Furthermore, as proof that the police are cooperating... he said that he wanted the top brass from the NPA and L to appear on TV and announce that they will cooperate with him. In other words, get the top brass and me, to show our faces so that if we do anything suspicious, he can kill us. So, what if we had answered no? Basically the same thing, just expressed in a different manner. Mr. Yagami, the answer is no, of course. Please give Sakura TV permission to air the fourth video. I think it is unfortunate... that your answer is no. The police have answered... that they still wish to ﬁght me. So I will ﬁrst take the life of the Director-General of the NPA. Or, I may take the life of the L who is leading the investigation. The Director-General or L. Who will be sacriﬁced... for the loss of a peaceful world? Please make your decision in four days. As I thought, god is really on my side... Only this time, it's not god but a Shinigami, a God of Death. So it seems. Another Shinigami has come to the human world. And another Shinigami's Death Note... has fallen into the hands of someone who endorses Kira. SAKURA TV So this Kira's killing abilities are far more powerful than mine. If I leave things the way they are, L might be eliminated within the next four days. But... I can't forgive the impostor for dragging down Kira's image with these dirty tactics. If the impostor slips up and is caught, the existence of the Death Note could be discovered... That would be bad. I can't let them run wild for too long. My priority is to cooperate with the investigation... and to figure out L's moves and the fake Kira's moves. Ryuzaki, it's as you thought. Leaders of several countries have talked and they want the real L to appear on TV. That would be the most right and reasonable choice. Well, we still have three days, so let's think of a measure to prevent all that. It would annoy me... if I'm killed by someone who's jumped on Kira's bandwagon. What are you talking about Ryuzaki? There is a high possibility that this Kira is a fake. No, we should call him the Second Kira. The Second Kira?! W- Why do you think there's a second Kira? Please explain! First of all, there are the predicted victims. They were used to convince the TV station employees that he's Kira. Those two victims were only featured in women's magazines and on daytime talk shows. The real Kira has no need to prove himself with such insignificant people. But in the Second Kira's view... he couldn't use a criminal that the real Kira might kill before his prediction. Hmm... Ryuzaki... What are the chances that there is a second Kira? This time it's more than a 70% chance. I don't like the way he does things. It's not like Kira. "Not like Kira"? Kira has always avoided innocent victims, aside from those who have tried to catch him. If we catch one Kira, I think we'll get a hint as to how we can catch the other. Mr. Yagami. May I ask your son to cooperate in this investigation? Does that mean he's no longer a suspect? No. I can't say that he's been cleared, but I could use his reasoning abilities. So that's what it means. If my son wants to cooperate with you, I have no reason to stop you. Thank you. But... please keep it a secret that this current Kira might be a fake. Please make it seem as if we're pursuing the same Kira. Hey, Misa... I gave you the Death Note... so why don't you use it more for yourself? I am using it for myself. Because I believe in what Kira is doing. I want to know what kind of person Kira is. I want to meet and talk to him. I sent those videos to the television station just for that. I made sure Kira would take notice. I bet that got Kira's attention. I'm sure of it. This is a dangerous game. You might be killed. Do you understand? It's all right. I'm sure that Kira is kind to those with pure hearts. But if it comes down to it... I'm stronger because I have the eyes! TO BE CONTINUED I dreamed a dream that no one could see, I threw away everything that I didn't need I'm holding these feelings That I can't give up in my heart Even if my feet fall victim to the shackles of sacriﬁce In between reality and my ideal I can't hold back the ﬂooding impulses Because I have a strong desire To accomplish I'm not weak enough to believe Any of these negative perceptions I'm a trickster who doesn't know solitude PREVIEW before anyone else on the Task Force does. What kind of person are you, Fake Kira?! LOVE 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 