Death Note: Season 1, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Note 
 s1e14 - Tomodachi: Friend - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Note (2006–2007): Season 1, Episode 14 - Tomodachi: Friend - full transcript 
 Light and Misa show each other their Death Notes, and Light asks Misa to have her shinigami Rem get rid of L. But Misa asks something of Light in return-to fall in love with her! 
 
 Download 
   Within the spreading darkness I pledged a vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it I'm going to change The future that the forbidden fruit foretells... I'm going to change The dream into reality The ending That everybody wants Within the spreading darkness I pledged our vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it Someday I'll show you A bright and ideal World FRIEND I understand... I can't be your boyfriend, but I can play the part... Thank you... I'll work hard to make you love me. I'll have her meet L to ﬁnd out his name and eliminate the entire task force HQ I'll kill her afterwards... That's right. She's the only person who knows Kira's identity. I can't let her live for long. So you'll just act like my boyfriend, huh? That's a good start. So then, could you show me your Shinigami? I suppose it's necessary to make her trust me... Yeah. All right. Could you turn around? Okay. You can turn around now. Okay. Hi! Ooh... He's a completely different type of Shinigami from Rem, isn't he? I already know your name. Ryuk. Pleased to meet you! Yeah, pleased to meet you. Oh yeah, Light, do you know how to kill a Shinigami? You're already calling me by my first name? Then could I call you "Knight" instead? Because you're like Misa's knight in shining armor! Light is fine. Are you planning to check all the videos of Aoyama on the 22nd by yourself? Yes. It is very likely that Kira and the Second Kira made contact with each other there on that day. I want to check them all. Also, Mr. Yagami... Yes? I would like Mr. Mogi to keep watch over Light's activities. "Light's activities?" In the event that Light is Kira, the Second Kira might try to contact him... ...in some way. I understand. So when does Ryuzaki sleep? I saw him sleeping in that exact same position the other day. No, I'm serious... So when a Shinigami has feelings for a certain person... and kills someone in order to extend that person's life, the Shinigami dies, huh? Yes. I can't imagine there's a Shinigami who would do that. That's right. It doesn't seem like the kind of thing that you would do. By the way, from where have you been sending your tapes to the television stations? Umm... The first time was Osaka. Then it was Tokyo. This other time was from Nagano. I used the Bullet Train so my location couldn't be pinpointed. So you still have videotapes and envelopes with your friend's fingerprints on them, right? Yeah. Then you should dispose of everything used to create the videos... But only after sending one last video from another location tomorrow... You should say... "| will stop trying to meet Kira. " "I'd like to thank the police for their advice. " "But I'm going to help Kira erase evil from the world. " "I'm going to cooperate with him and gain his acceptance. " "| will begin by punishing criminals that Kira hasn't punished yet. Also.. "| plan to make this world a better place" "by sharing this power among those who are worthy. " "Share the power?" It's a line to throw off the investigation. There are already two people with this power. It's not too far of a stretch that there may be more. And if they believe that they'll multiply, it will create panic. Can you do it? You don't have to ask. Just tell me to do it. I'll do whatever you say. Also, one more important thing. Okay! If you're caught by the police... if you're arrested as a suspect, don't say anything about us or the notebook. There's no proof against you as long as they don't get a hold of the notebook and verify it. Can you promise to do that? I promise! So then, we're officially boyfriend and girlfriend, right? Well, I guess so. Now for my conditions. Go on a date with me at least once a week. She really doesn't get it... That's impossible. W- Why? It doesn't seem like you'll understand unless I tell you. L already suspects that I'm Kira. What? L's pretty amazing... Everyone's saying that he doesn't understand or... that he's stupid. So he's actually figured out that much... But thanks to that, I've also been able to get close to L. Huh? L and Kira are in contact with each other? You're both amazing. It's making me kind of excited. Even if I'm Kira, L thinks he's safe as long as he hides his name. He came out and told me he was L in order to directly investigate me. But he's only positive because there isn't anyone else who could possibly be Kira. And if I play it right, he'll trust me and we'll investigate together. So all you have to do is take me to where L is, right? It's not that simple. It was difficult enough for me to get close to him. Besides, if suddenly, someone close to me steps into the picture, and the actions of Kira and the Second Kira change... that person will be suspected of being the Second Kira, and I'll end up casting more suspicion on myself. It would be bad if we get together, and he makes the connection that we're intimate... Do you understand what I'm trying to say? Kind of... So does that mean we can't go on dates? We can't meet in public because you're afraid that he'll suspect you more? No. We should take some time to think of a plan so that you can see L without him knowing about you. Yeah. I need you in order to eliminate L. I want to be able to keep in direct contact with you. Thank goodness... So... In order to make sure that our meetings don't stand out, I'm going to see other girls. Huh? What do you mean by that? You're going to date other girls? Well, pretty much... No way! If I see you with another girl, I'll kill her. Scary...! Listen, Misa sweetie... "Sweetie," huh? This isn't a game... We're both risking our lives to change the world, aren't we? Yeah, but... I love you more... than the world... What are you talking about? I thought your feelings towards me were those of just a Kira admirer. Besides... This is the first time we've met. Haven't you ever experienced love at first sight? Never... Well, yes, I wanted to meet Kira out of gratitude and approval, not out of love. But, when I first laid eyes on you... What's with this girl? Popular as usual... Then if you love me, you'll obey me. You told me before that you didn't mind being used and just earlier, you insisted that you'd do as I say, right? But I won't allow you to date other girls. Those are two different things. I have both notebooks. If you won't obey, I'll kill you... I won't let you do that, Light Yagami. If you try to kill her, I'll write your name in my notebook... And kill you. I can see her lifespan. If she dies before that date, I'll assume that you killed her. Wouldn't you die if you used your notebook to save her? That's right! Then you'll die, Rem! That's true... But I don't care. Is this Shinigami serious? Then that means, from now on... Light? What is it, Mom? It's already 11:30. It's not nice to have a girl stay out so late... Yeah, you're right. We ended up having a long conversation... Sorry, Mrs. Yagami. I'm sorry for staying so late. Light, see you later. Yeah. Light, walk her to the station. It won't be good to walk outside with her now... It's all right! Good night! She's cute. Oh yeah. I was a bit worried at first, but she sure is cute. I like her! That Shinigami is going to kill me if I kill the girl? Does that mean I have to deal with her until she dies? Not just that, I'm forced to protect her so she doesn't get caught by the police. Thanks to you, Light really became my knight. So it seems. But don't kill him for real, okay? In order to kill a Shinigami, that Shinigami has to use the Death Note to save a human's life that it has fallen in love with... I can't kill Rem by using the Death Note to control someone to attack Misa... If Misa's put in danger, I'll be suspected and killed. Right now, she's an even bigger nuisance than L is. Sh-She's... She does something this conspicuous? What'll happen if it's discovered that I met up with someone like this? Damn it! She's in the way no matter how I think about it. What do I do? No... that aside, I should think of a way to use Misa's eyes to kill L. If I just eliminate L... Good morning, Light! Good morning. Mom, Sayu, could you keep Misa a secret from Dad? All right. I also want you to keep it secret, not just from Dad, but from everyone. She's an up-and-coming model, actually, so it would be problematic if people found out about us. What?! Is that so? I thought she was cute... Just what I'd expect for your girlfriend... I'll keep it a secret... for 5,000 yen. Silly... TO-OH UNIVERSITY On page 246... Misa's ﬁnal message will arrive today. Instead of going to the television station, it should be routed to the task force headquarters. I have to go to headquarters in order to see L's reaction... Yagami... Yagami... You told me that you'd go outwith me, right? Yeah, I did. That's why I'm sitting next to you at this lecture. Yes. But you don't seem happy at all. You've been completely ignoring me. That's not true at all. I was just thinking about the Way everyone's going to be talking about us. To think that I'm going outwith you, the famous Miss To-oh University... It's obvious, you really are beautiful. Please don't think about such things. I don't like being called Miss whatever. Yeah. You're right. What's with this woman? She loves it. Miss Takada, let's just take things at our own pace. Okay. Hello. Light, good timing. A video message from the Second Kira just arrived. Another one? That was fast. Yes. I think this is the last one. Well, take a look at this. I will stop trying to meet Kira. I'd like to thank the police for their advice. But I'm going to help Kira erase evil from the world... I'm going to cooperate with him and gain his acceptance. I will begin by punishing criminals that Kira hasn't punished yet. Also... I plan to make this world a better place by sharing this power among those who are worthy... Watching this... makes me feel that Kira and the Second Kira have joined forces. How do you know that they've joined forces? Didn't you sense it? I thought you would get the same impression. First of all, his attitude towards meeting Kira completely changed. Also, he now says that he wants to punish criminals that Kira didn't punish in order to gain his acceptance. Why didn't he do this before? He probably never thought that far ahead, so... It's likely that he's working with Kira, and was told to say that. He was also ordered to hide the fact that they're working together. I see. That probably means that Kira isn't thinking about his actions very much. Yes. Did Kira encounter something he couldn't overcome? He probably was trying to scare us by making it obvious that he'd recruited the Second Kira. Their union is really threatening. But this lessens the suspicion I had of Light. What do you mean, Ryuzaki?! If Light was Kira, then he wouldn't have sent in a video like this. He would have tried to threaten me, L, into appearing on television again. Maintaining that lie that they aren't working together, he would have placed all the responsibility on Second Kira... And this is what he'd have him say: "| stopped because Kira told me to," "but I don't think that warning would come from the real Kira. " "Kira would be happy if L died. " "There's no way he'd stop me. " Ryuzaki... Yes? I would never do that if I were Kira. Why? I know your personality. L would never go on TV, no matter how he was threatened. He wouldn't want to die in someone else's place. He would think of some way to escape. You figured it out. Light, stop saying, "if I were Kira. " I don't like hearing it, even hypothetically. Oh, sorry, Dad... But I want to tell Ryuzaki what I think. I have to pose the scenario hypothetically in order to solve this case quickly and to clear my name. Besides, it's because I'm not Kira that I can talk in that way. You're right. You're not Kira. Rather, it would be a problem if you were Kira. Because you're... my very first friend... Yeah, Ryuzaki, I consider you a friend too. We have so much in common. Thank you. It's been lonely since you've been taking breaks from school. I'd like to play tennis with you again. Yes. By all means. Friend? Friend, huh? Aren't you glad, Light? That damn Ryuzaki immediately noticed the connection between Kira and the Second Kira... I've got to eliminate him quickly... Oh I see... This makes it all the more dangerous for me to see Misa. Light! I just couldn't wait two weeks... I was just about to go to your house! T- This is the ﬁrst time I've really wanted to hit a woman... |- | just wanted to see you so badly... Well... Come over to my house. Okay! Another girl? Welcome, Misa! I saw you in a whole bunch of magazines! Welcome. Sorry for the intrusion. Mom, please get some tea ready... Rem. You're Misa's ally, aren't you? Yeah. I've watched her many times from the Shinigami Realm. I've developed a bit of affection for her. Affection, even though you're a Shinigami? You don't seem to like that I said that I'd kill you if you tried to kill her. Does this mean that if Misa's happy that you'll feel fine? Well, you could say that. I just don't want to see her unhappy. Misa is... in love with me. Light... Misa. Yes? Would my happiness make you happy? Yes. Then could you ask Rem to kill L? Rem wants you to be happy. If L catches one of us, we'll both be unhappy. A Shinigami can't tell a person's name to someone who has a notebook, but there's no restriction against Rem killing anyone. Yeah. If you kill L, I think I can love Misa more and I would be very grateful. Above all, it'll make us both happy. Rem... I want Light to love me. Light and I will be grateful. That would be... my happiness. Fine. Fine, Light Yagami. I don't like you. Even if this ends up lengthening your lifespan, I won't die. I'll kill L for you. L means nothing to me. All right! Thank you, Rem! That's my Rem! L will die, this easily? TO BE CONTINUED I dreamed a dream that no one could see, I threw away everything that I didn't need I'm holding these feelings That I can't give up in my heart Even if my feet fall victim to the shackles of sacriﬁce In between reality and my ideal I can't hold back the ﬂooding impulses Because I have a strong desire To accomplish I'm not weak enough to believe Any of these negative perceptions I'm a trickster who doesn't know solitude PREVIEW This is all a wager now. Tomorrow will be L's, no Ryuga/Ryuzaki's, ...final day. WAGER 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 