Death Note: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Note 
 s1e13 - Kokuhaku: Confession - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Note (2006–2007): Season 1, Episode 13 - Kokuhaku: Confession - full transcript 
 Light goes to Aoyama to discover the identity of the second Kira before L becomes more suspicious, but Misa Amane, the new Kira, uses her unusual gift to find Light before he finds her. 
 
 Download 
   Within the spreading darkness I pledged a vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it I'm going to change The future that the forbidden fruit foretells... I'm going the change The dream into reality The ending That everybody wants Within the spreading darkness I pledged our vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it Someday I'll show you A bright and ideal World CONFESSION Light, another message from the Second Kira was sent to Sakura TV. This time it's a video and a diary. I thought I'd tell you. A diary? He made another move? That idiot. Can't he just sit still a while? Did he want the diary to be shown on TV? Yeah. This is it. 2006... Last year's diary? Please take a look at the thirtieth. 28TH SOMETHING BETTER THAN THE PZ2 IS COMING OUT, ITS CALLED PZX. 30TH CONFIRMED OUR SHINIGAMI AT THE TOKYO DOME I'm pretty sure he's saying he wants to do that on May 30... If we air this, the public will fi?nd that that's what he plans to do. Furthermore... he can't see my Shinigami unless he touches my notebook, so how does he plan to do that? 22ND MY FRIEND AND I SHOWED OFF OUR NOTEBOOKS IN AOYAMA Hey, Rem. Hmm? Why can't I see my own lifespan even if I have the Shinigami eyes? MISA AMANE People who have Death Notes only need to know the lifespan of the people they kill. Just like Shinigami can't see the lifespan of other Shinigami... people who hold a Death Note can't see each other's lifespans. May 22nd, My friend and I showed off our notebooks in Aoyama. If "notebook" means "Death Note," then it would only be understood by me, Kira. And the police... will probably pay attention to the May 30 entry which says, "We confi?rmed our Shinigami at the Tokyo Dome. " I'm pretty sure that the "Aoyama" part of the message is the real message... But if that's the case... Light, what do you think? I shouldn't say anything carelessly. I should watch how he approaches this... Right now... I can only say that he's an idiot. He is, isn't he? It's obvious that he wants to meet Kira at the home game. Doesn't he understand that if we air this there'll be a panic and the game will be canceled? To be honest, it's so stupid... That I'm not sure how to deal with it... If the diary is broadcast, then we'll have to announce that the game on the 30th is canceled. But if we don't, the Second Kira won't make a move. But if he gets angry that we cancelled the game, there's no telling what he'll do... That's all right. The Second Kira seems to revere Kira. He promised the Kira we created, that he'd refrain from killing excessively. We can believe that. Anyway, we'll air the diary and announce the cancellation of the game... And also announce that we're going to close off and inspect all roads around the Tokyo Dome. Furthermore, our "own" Kira will respond with, "Understood. Let's meet. " You don't really think that they would go there even if we're inspecting the roads around the dome, do you? I don't think that the real Kira will go, but I'm not sure about the Second Kira. I can't tell how stupid he is. Also... Assuming that he isn't as stupid as we think he is... I'll try to see if there might be another message within this diary. If there is a code that only people who have the so-called Shinigami power can understand, I can't decode it. But we should thoroughly check out the places listed in the diary. The 22nd, he's meeting a friend in Aoyama. The 24th, he's meeting a friend in Shibuya. We have to prepare for the possibility that our efforts will be fruitless. We also have to be wary of people waiting around with notebooks in Aoyama, and people lurking in clothing stores in Shibuya. It's as I thought... If the fake Kira is caught, I'll have to obtain his notebook... In the worst case scenario, I may have to kill everyone there. All we can do is place more surveillance cameras in Aoyama and Shibuya and station undercover officers on the stated dates. Then I'll go to Aoyama and Shibuya since I'd fit right in. I'll go too. Light... It's all right, Dad. I go to Aoyama and Shibuya occasionally. And I'd be the one who'd look most natural hanging outwith Mr. Matsui. And the only person the Second Kira is interested in is Kira. So Mr. Matsui, I'll talk to you tomorrow about going to Aoyama and Shibuya. All right, Light. Be careful. This always happens as soon as I go out and turn on my phone... Yes? This is Ryuzaki. Please be sure to keep an eye on Light. Please keep this a secret. Y- Yes... I understand... As long as there's still a small percentage of doubt, we still have to suspect him, eh? I'm home. Light, you're late today. Yeah... I'm supposed to keep the fact that I'm helping with the investigation a secret... Yeah, I have a girlfriend now... ' Oh, my. - What?! Light has a girlfriend? Wow! Hey, hey, I'm an 18-year-old college student... Of course, I have one. Good luck to you too, Sayu. Huh? |- | don't need anything like that yet... Light, what about dinner? I got room service at the hotel. Did you just say hotel?! What was that?! What was that?! So scandalous! All right, Ryuk... I have something to ask you. Oh... I thought so. Answer me if you can. Can Shinigami who come to the human world talk to each other? It's hard to say... If I'm attached to a human, I think that's against the rules unless I have the permission of the person I'm attached to. We don't have a code against that, so I guess... another Shinigami might start talking to me. So does that mean if Fake Kira's Shinigami sees you, there's a chance that he'll tell the Fake Kira that I'm Kira? That's usually not done, but it depends on their personality. So I can just assume that you'll act how you usually do, right? Yeah. Even if I see someone with a Shinigami, I won't tell you. Well, I agree with your stance. Thanks. Hmm? So, Fake Kira... Have you thought this out this far? What's wrong? Aoyama is pretty big. I was searching for ways we could find each other, but... On the 22nd, there is an event at a club called the Note Blue in Aoyama... Ao means "Blue"... And "note"... That's pretty elaborate... He might be smarter than I thought... That means I need to be more careful, but... right now, this Note Blue is worth checking out. But you don't want him to know that you're Kira, right? Uh... Light? What's going on? These are my friends from school. P- Pleased to meet you... This is my cousin Taro. It's his first time in Tokyo and he said he wanted to go have some fun in Aoyama and Roppongi. I'll be counting on you guys! He's also looking for a girlfriend. Does anyone want to volunteer? Hey, Light... I'm impressed, Light. No one would ever suspect a police offi?cer among a group of kids. Even if Ryuk is spotted, no one could tell who he's attached to if I'm with this many people. It's also defense against L's surveillance cameras... And it's not a bad way to investigate. I just have to watch the entrance of the Note Blue when it opens.. Found him! Is it read... Tsuki... Yagami? He's the only one whose lifespan I can't see. LIGHT YAGAMI I never thought I would fi?nd him so easily. All right, Rem. Let's go home. What? You just found him. Is that good enough? I can't just greet him by saying, "Mr. Kira... I'm pleased to meet you," with all these people around. I know his name. I can look him up later. After all, it's such a unique name. YAGAMI, LIGHT BIRTHDATE FEBRUARY 28, 1989 HEIGHT 179CM WEIGHT 54KG BLOOD TYPE A That's kind of dreamy! Anyways, Light Yagami is impressive... He won the national tennis competition when he was in his second and third year of middle school. He gave an address as the freshman representative at this year's entrance ceremony at To-oh University... There's no picture of him, but there can't be anyone else with a name like this. Who would have thought that Kira would be so young and cool! He's better than I ever imagined. There are so many places that will just go and sell your personal records. The world is so twisted, isn't it? I even know his address now! So in the end... There isn't a trace of anything happening in Aoyama on the 22nd and Shibuya on the 24th. The only place left is the Dome on the 30th... I didn't see anyone who could be the Fake Kira at Note Blue. Could he really be going to the Dome? Ryuzaki, Sakura TV just received another message from the Second Kira. It's postmarked... on the 23rd. I have found Kira. To all of the people at the television station and the police, thank you very much. I- It can't be?! Where? In Aoyama? Did his Shinigami fi?nd Ryuk and tell him? No... There is no way that he could tell who Ryuk was attached to. I made sure that no one was following me... If this is true, the only thing that corresponds to this tape being mailed on the 23rd is the 22nd in Aoyama Matsuda and Light Yagami are the only ones from this investigation who went to Aoyama. Is Light really Kira?? But we don't have absolute proof this happened in Aoyama. He found him? That's not good. Yes... It means that the Second Kira and Kira have teamed up... We're still not sure if they've teamed up. The Second Kira is only saying that he found him. He may not have contacted him yet. Since we've come to this point... the police will have to send a message to the Second Kira... Send a message? Yes. The police will have to reach out to the Second Kira and offer him a deal in exchange for Kira's name. Isn't this a really bad turn of events? This isn't good... I don't know how the Fake Kira would react... But I have no reason to stop this... If Kira doesn't know who you are yet, there is still time. Don't approach Kira out of curiosity. Kira will kill you if you contact him. He'll just use you. What you can do is reconsider the value of human life, and atone for your crimes by giving us information on Kira, and save the people of the world from Kira's reign of terror. Where are you going? I'm going to introduce myself. Oh, to him... Oh, I wonder if it's your father. Coming... Welcome home-! Huh? Good evening. My name is Misa Amane. I came to give Light an important notebook he left at the university... C- Could you wait for a second? Light! Notebook?! Could it be? Pleased to meet you... My name is Misa Amane. I thought you might be worried if you were watching TV... I just couldn't take it any more... This notebook... A Death Note... A Shinigami! She's the Fake Kira... Come on in. Huh? Is it all right-? I'm so happy. Mom, she came all this way to return my notebook to me. Could you make us some tea or something? |- | suppose I should. She's the one I was telling you about. Have a seat. T- Thank you. How did you find me? Oh... I thought so. You didn't do the deal for the eyes, did you? When you have the Shinigami eyes, you can see a person's lifespan and age. But... you cannot see the lifespan of someone who has a Death Note. Well... I didn't know that detail... Okay, I understand that, but... What would happen if you were caught by the police and Kira's secret was discovered-? It's all right... I wasn't caught and if I continue to do as you say, I won't be. Right? And I will see L's name... I will become your eyes... So... So'? Please make me your girlfriend! Girlfriend-? Yes... If I'm not careful with her, she might kill me... But... That's impossible. There were three times the usual number of surveillance cameras. Anyone in Aoyama would have been caught on camera. Including me. If we get together after that... Even being together here isn't good. Try to understand. This is a picture of me when I went to Aoyama. I'm sure no one would recognize her like this. So what about your fingerprints? The tapes you sent to the television station... all have the same fingerprints. Those aren't my fingerprints. I did put some thought into my actions. A little while back I lived in the Kansai region. I had a friend who was into the occult. When I told her we should make fake ghost videos and send it to several TV shows, she agreed to help me. I had her dub ten tapes and I made sure not to leave any fingerprints. I took those video tapes, added a graphic, and added sound. And what is that friend doing now? If you want me to kill her, I'll kill her right now! If you really... don't believe me... You can hold on to my Death Note. You're just holding on to it, so I'll still have ownership and I'll still have my eyes. Isn't that right, Rem? Indeed. Now there's no way I can kill you. If I'm of no use, you can kill me. Why would she go this far? But you might have removed several pages from the Death Note. You could be hiding them somewhere. Why are you so suspicious of me?! I don't care if you use me! Believe me. How can you say that? Exactly one year ago, my parents were killed by a burglar right before my eyes. I couldn't forgive him... the trial was drawn-out and some people started saying he was falsely accused... That's when Kira punished him... Kira... means everything to me. I just... I just wanted to meet you so badly! I wanted to thank you. All these irrational methods just to meet Kira... But at least she can get around surveillance cameras and keep her fi?ngerprints off the evidence. She's not as stupid as I thought... She even says that she'll obey me... I understand... I can't be your boyfriend, but I can play the part... Those eyes you gave up half of your life for, to meet me and to help me, will be a valuable weapon. Thank you... I'll work hard to make you love me. TO BE CONTINUED I dreamed a dream that no one could see, I threw away everything that I didn't need I'm holding these feelings That I can't give up in my heart Even if my feet fall victim to the shackles of sacrifi?ce In between reality and my ideal I can't hold back the flooding impulses Because I have a strong desire To accomplish I'm not weak enough to believe Any of these negative perceptions I'm a trickster who doesn't know solitude PREVIEW I consider you a friend too. We have so much in common. It's been lonely since you've been taking breaks from school. I'd like to play tennis with you again. FRIEND 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 