Death Note: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Note 
 s1e4 - Tsuiseki: Pursuit - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Note (2006–2007): Season 1, Episode 4 - Tsuiseki: Pursuit - full transcript 
 Light-now known to the world as Kira-tests the Death Note to understand the scope of its powers by killing off six convicts in various ways-and confirms he can control his victims' actions before they die. 
 
 Download 
   Within the spreading darkness I pledged a vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it I'm going to change The future that the forbidden fruit foretells... I'm going to change the dream Into reality The ending That everybody wants Within the spreading darkness I pledged our vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it Someday I'll show you A bright and ideal World What?! There were another 23 heart attack victims yesterday?! As soon as we began to suspect that Kira was a student, the timing of the killings changed as if to contradict our theory. Does that mean that Kira knows what the police know? When L discovers that information from the investigation was leaked, he's bound to search for leads on me within the police force. Someone's been following you all this time. That's a problem... I'll get rid of him soon, Ryuk. A Shinigami's eyes... ...can see a human's name and lifespan above their heads. into Shinigami eyes. The price for a Shinigami's eyes... is half of that human's remaining lifetime. So... Light, what'll it be? PURSUIT I haven't seen Ryuk around lately... Did he really lose his Death Note in the Human World? The Death Note was probably picked up by a human before he got to it. Couldn't be... If that happened to him, he'd have to follow that person around until that person dies or the Death Note is destroyed. Yeah... I can't picture Ryuk doing something so tedious. But I've heard that he was carrying two Death Notes. Seriously? Why would he need two? I have no idea what drives him to do what he does. In order for me to gain the eyes of a Shinigami... I have to offer half of my life. Is that right? Yeah. So what'll it be? Do you wanna make a deal? Ryuk. This deal... is out of the question. Listen. I want to create an ideal, new world free from criminals. I also intend to reign as the god in that world for a long time. I would consider it if it lengthened my life, but it's not worth talking about if it's going to shorten it. You, of all people, should know that. Yeah, I just felt I should tell you a deal like this exists. I don't want you to complain that I didn't tell you about this earlier. If you didn't tell me about this earlier? Don't you think you're too late already? You should have told me this when we first met or included this when you were writing instructions in the Death Note... Yeah. I guess you're right. Even though I'm a Shinigami, he's never been afraid of me or tried to kiss my butt when it comes to things like this. He just gives me a hard time... Well? You sure there isn't anything else you want to tell me ahead of time? Ryuk, the Shinigami? Nope, there's nothing else... Probably... I see. How disappointing. "Disappointing"? I may have seriously considered the deal if you offered me wings rather than eyes. Wouldn't flying around in the sky with wings be godlike? It's a dream that man has had since ancient times. You'd stand out if you sprouted wings and started flying around. I'd bet you'd get arrested by the police just for that. Ryuk, that was a joke. However, if I continue to cut deals for eyes and wings... I'm going to end up becoming a real Shinigami. That could be amusing, don't you think? Don't worry. Even without all that, you're already... a fine Shinigami! The Shinigami Realm is rotten these days. They all live vacant lives and only take human lives... just because they don't want to die. No one even knows... why we exist. I doubt there's any reason at all for our existence. You're much more of a Shinigami than they are. Well, from what you're saying, it sounds like I'm doing a lot more work. But don't lump me together with the Shinigami. I am using this Death Note as a human for humans. But, I wouldn't say that the Shinigami Realm is meaningless to humans either. What do you mean? Well, think about it. Whenever a Shinigami like you comes to the Human World once every hundred, no, every thousand years, the Human World changes greatly. The Shinigami Realm's existence is fear-fully meaningful. I- Is that so? You just told me that the Shinigami Realm is rotten. When you return there, from this world, how about using what you've learned here to try to change it? Light... you just may be quite the positive thinker. Of course, I am. If I wasn't, I wouldn't be trying to use the Death Note to try and make the world a better place. That's it! I've got it! What's up? What did you get? How to find out the name of the guy who was following me today. How are you going to do it? I'm going to use the rules of the Death Note to my advantage. If I write the cause of death... I have an additional 6 minutes and 40 seconds to record specific conditions and time of death. I wonder how free I can be with these conditions? I'm going to test it out. THE FOLLOWING MORNING Yes, it's me. Another six inmates? All heart attacks?! It's Kira. What? Three of them exhibited bizarre behavior before they died?! What do you mean?! They didn't just die from simple heart attacks? Well, they died of heart attacks, but before one of them died... he drew a strange symbol on the wall with blood from his finger. Another left a letter that doesn't seem like a will or anything meaningful. The third escaped just to go to the employee bathroom. Watari, what is it? More victims, but their circumstances are unlike those we've had before. Unlike those before? I shall send you an image of the picture and letter left at the scene. If you could. A note describing a fear of Kira. This can be taken as something a criminal might do, but... Kira can control the time of death. If he can control actions right before death as well... that would mean that... Chief! Regarding these current victims. Don't let the media know anything aside from the fact that they died of heart attacks. It's possible that Kira was performing some kind of test. If that's the case, we'd only be giving him the results. I see... |- | understand. Performing tests on criminals? That's horrible... He's playing with peoples' lives as if this is a game. This is unforgivable! If Kira is using criminals as test subjects... What is he trying to achieve? Look at this, Ryuk. The results of yesterday's test have already been input into Dad's computer. KIDNAPPING MURDER KIDNAPPING MURDER What do you mean by that? One escaped... and went to the bathroom I had designated in the Death Note. Another drew the same symbol I had drawn in the Death Note. These three did exactly what I wanted. I purposely wrote very difficult tasks for the other three. DIES IN FRONT OF THE EIFFEL TOWER FRANCE, TODAY AT 6 P.M. It's physically impossible to go from a prison in Japan to France in an hour. So this never happened and ended as just a regular heart attack. The next was to "draw a picture of L's face on the prison wall," but... One can't draw the faces... of people they don't know. I see. HEART ATTACK WRITES A NOTE STATING "I KNOW THAT L IS SUSPICIOUS OF THE JAPANESE POLICE." DIES AT 6 P.M. I thought this one might work, but it didn't happen. Which means that people can't write about things they don't know or things they didn't come up with on their own. In short, it means that even the Death Note can't do the impossible. But as long as it's something the person is realistically likely to do, I can control them as much as I want before he dies. You've figured that out... But what are you trying to do, Light? L and the police will never figure out my true goal. The great detective is probably trying to decipher the picture and the letter those criminals left. They're absolutely meaningless f?nal words... If Kira used those criminals as guinea pigs, he's about to start something. If he moves now, there is the chance that... the FBI will notice someone acting suspiciously. But if he has a different goal in mind... the letter and picture might be some kind of message... Is this it? L DO YOU KNOW Well... It's time for the main act. The "main act"? Yesterday on the news... There was a drug addict who tried to rob a bank, WANTED CRIMINAL KIICHIRO OSOREDA I'll use him. It's last minute, but I'm sure I can find someone... I'll try to ask out a few. Ask out... "a few"? Yeah... Ryuk, I may not look it, but I'm pretty popular. Hello? Huh, Light? Good morning... He's still following me, isn't he? That's perfect. If my shadow wasn't here, there would be no point in what I'm going to do next. Light! - A date? - Yeah. It's a date, no matter how you look at it. Even to my shadow... It's not a normal date, is it? You said you found a way to find out your shadow's name, but... What do you plan to do? Huh? Ryuk, didn't you see what I wrote in the Death Note? Nah. It would be boring to peek. Then just be patient and watch what happens. Sorry, did I keep you waiting? No, not at all! Anyway, I haven't been to Space Land since junior high! I'm so excited! And I get to be alone with you! Y- Yeah. On weekdays, he only goes to school and his prep courses. An occasional date on his days off. He's a normal... ...no, he is a serious high school student. Light Yagami, son of Chief Yagami... No grounds for suspicion. At any rate... Today is my last day of following him. Light... Didn't you say that you weren't going out until entrance exams were over? Yeah, but I did score number one in the practice exams. Your attitude's awful! It's him! He's here! Aside from him, there are seven passengers. This is going to work out perfectly. I'm taking control of this bus! A hijacking! At a time like this? Don't make a fuss! I'll kill anyone that moves. Driver, you know the phone number for Space Land's offices, don't you? - Call them! - Yes... T- This is Sasaki, the driver of bus number 174! Tell them what's happening! An armed man has hijacked our bus! Give me that. You hear that? Listen carefully. Bring Space Land's profits from yesterday to two bus stops away from there. Have a woman bring it by car, alone! Do it before this bus gets there! If you try anything funny... or call the police, I'll kill all the passengers one by one! Yuri, don't worry. I'll look for the chance to grab his hand... that's holding the pistol. That's dangerous. Don't do it. If it comes to that, I'll do it. It's all right. We don't have to pass notes. As long as we whisper, he won't hear us over the sound of the bus. Do you have proof that you're not his accomplice? A- Accomplice? It's pretty common. The culprit pretends he's alone and just in case... he'll leave someone to keep watch in the back. What's wrong? Oh no, do you really think...? I- I have no choice. There is no way that Light Yagami could be Kira. Kira could kill the culprit with a heart attack. Here's proof. Take a look. FBI?! I see, L's using the FBI to investigate those connected to the Japanese police force! His name is... Raye Penber. I trust you. I won't ask why an FBI agent is on board with us... but... - Do you have a gun? - Yes, I do. So if something happens, I can rely on you, right? Yes. Shut up! Do you want me to beat you to death? That man! He was on the Japanese news two days ago. He's a drug addict who tried to rob a bank, killed three civilians, and ran away. He's very dangerous. Every thing will be all right. He'll never point his gun at us. Hey, you! Don't move. What's that piece of paper? Hey you! You were planning something back here with notes, weren't you? Not good! If he sees that note from earlier... He'll discover that Light was planning to jump him when he had the chance! MINAMI PARK BUS STOP 11:27 SPACELAND BUS STOP All right! W- Who the hell are you?! You in the back! W- What are you trying to pull? H- How long were you hiding back there?! Huh? You mean me? You can see me right now? D- Don't move! I- I'll shoot! You monster! This isn't good! He's hallucinating! Everyone, get down! Oh, I get it! That note that Light just dropped... was cut out of the Death Note. He has this guy touch the note and how, only he can see me. That's so smart. D- Don't come near me! Sorry, pal. I'm a Shinigami, so that's not gonna kill me. "Anyone who touches the Death Note will be able to see me... "I'm always hovering behind you. " "Shinigami can't die from gunshots.. That's all stuff I've told Light... Pretty impressive, how he put it all together. It's not surprising he's the nation's top exam scorer... He even used this hijacking to get the name of the guy who was following him... without a lot of hassle. Stop the bus and open the door. SPACELAND 11:45 on the dot. Right on schedule... Wanted criminal, Kiichiro Osoreda, accidental death. At 11:31 a. m., he will get on a bus heading to Spaceland from the bus stop near the eastern entrance of the park. He will enter with a gun, but will see a phantom from another world and fires all his bullets at it. Then, he will flee from the bus... Immediately afterwards, at 11:45 the same day, he will die in an accident. The Death Note never deviates. You're next, Raye Penber. TO BE CONTINUED I dreamed a dream that no one could see, I threw away everything that I didn't need I'm holding these feelings That I can't give up in my heart Even if my feet fall victim to the shackles of sacrifi?ce In between reality and my ideal I can't hold back the flooding impulses Because I have a strong desire To accomplish I'm not weak enough to believe Any of these negative perceptions I'm a trickster who doesn't know solitude PREVIEW I REQUEST THAT THE FOLLOWING EVENTS REMAIN A SECRET BETWEEN THE EIGHT OF US. The remaining agents will all die of heart attacks. Farewell, Raye Penber. TACTICS 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 