Death Note: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Note 
 s1e6 - Hokorobi: Rent - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Note (2006–2007): Season 1, Episode 6 - Hokorobi: Rent - full transcript 
 Light meets a woman at the Police Department with an urgent message for the Kira task force. 
 
 Download 
   Within the spreading darkness I pledged a vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it I'm going to change The future that the forbidden fruit foretells... I'm going to change The dream into reality The ending That everybody wants Within the spreading darkness I pledged our vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it Someday I'll show you A bright and ideal World UNRAVELING lam L. He's L? He's different from what I imagined... I am Detective Superintendent Yagami of the National Police Agency. Uh, I'm Matsuda. I'm Aizawa. - I'm Mogi. - I'm Ukita. I'm sorry we're late. These five are our current... Bang! What...? Is this some kind of joke? Mr. Soichiro Yagami, if I were Kira you would be dead. You already know that all Kira needs is a face and a name, don't you? Please don't give out your names so carelessly. Let's value our lives. I've heard about him needing a face, but I haven't heard anything about him needing a name? Criminals whose names were unknown or whose names were broadcast incorrectly were all spared. It was discussed at task force headquarters. Let's not stand around and chat, please come right this way. Oh, yes. Please turn off all cell phones, laptops, and other electronic devices and place them on that table. L, do you think that we'd have our phones on to leak information? Just do as he says. I know he's cautious, but... I still can't tell if he trusts us or not. No, I just can't stand it when people's cell phones go off when I'm talking. Let me start by saying... Please do not take any notes on anything we say here at this headquarters. Keep all of it in your head. Please, sit wherever you like. Okay.. - Um, L... When you refer to me from now on I wish to be called Ryuzaki, not L. Just to be safe. Oh, then, Ryuzaki... If you know that a face and a name are needed, then couldn't we cut down the number of victims by censoring crime reports? If we do that, then ordinary people would be killed. - Ordinary people? - Why? Kira's childish and hates to lose... Childish...? And hates to lose? Yes. I'm also childish and hate to lose... That's why I know. Ryuzaki... Could you explain that a little more clearly? When I used the TV broadcast to challenge Kira... ...up until then, we thought that Kira only went after criminals. But he didn't hesitate to kill my double. Also, as soon as I said he was in the Kanto region... He started concentrating on and killing Japanese criminals as if to say, "So what if I am?" He's met each of my challenges without flinching. What do you think would happen if we tried to use media restrictions to hide criminals from someone like this? Well... "if you won't give me your criminals, "then I'll kill those who've commited lesser crimes or even the innocent! "The whole world is my hostage! I'm not the evil one. "Those who oppose me and hide evil-doers are!" That is Kira's mental process. Speaking of the mass media, let's think of ways we can use it to our advantage. For example? How about this... "U.S. furious over deaths of FBI agents. " "World outraged over Kira's antics, "the leading nations send a total of 1,500 investigators into Japan. " It would be different from his recent experience with the FBI. He would begin to see everyone as a threat. When he's feeling cornered, it should illicit some sort of response. T- That's interesting... When in reality there's only seven, we make him think there's 1,500?! And unlike the FBI agents, they don't exist and they can't be killed! This could work! Well then, I'll tell you my thoughts on the Kira case. Kira works alone... He was accessing inside information from the investigation before... Why do you believe he's working alone? Aizawa, wait. Let's listen to Ryuzaki's entire theory first. Kira needs a name and face to kill. To a certain degree, he can even control the victim's time of death and the actions the victim takes before their death. With all of that in mind... Please listen closely to the following. On December 14, twelve FBI agents entered Japan. December 19... Kira began using prisoners to conduct tests on the actions a victim can take before death. 12/19 TEST 12/14 FBI ENTER JAPAN Because he didn't know their faces or names, in order to eliminate all of the FBI agents... He had to see how far he could control the deaths of his victims. Finally, on December 27... After making sure the FBI agents received the ﬁle with all the names and faces of the other agents, I succeeded in killing all of them. It is nearly impossible to ﬁgure out whose ﬁles Kira saw... But... I can't let anyone know that I made contact with Raye Penber. 12/20 BUS Huh? You're not using the Death Note today? Are you studying for the entrance exams? It's no use studying for those at this point. Oh? So what is it? I worked the most between December 19 and 27. Within this time, 23 people died of heart attacks as we all know. They were all wanted criminals, ex-convicts... And people who were suspected of crimes. People obviously different from those Kira usually targets. Indeed. It means that in order to kill the FBI agents, he needed to control those with even lesser crimes. He killed 23 people, so we couldn't tell who he used. He actually probably only used a few. He left eight days after the tests to allow the FBI to gather information on other suspects. He wanted to draw attention away from himself. Thus, I suspect that Kira was one of the people who was being investigated by the FBI between the 14th and the 19th. This is data from the FBI. It contains other important information. You can't take these out of this room, but... Amazing! This is amazing! If we have this much information, we can do more than enough on our own. Let's split into two groups. One will trace the FBI agents, and the other will investigate the heart attack victims. There are only a few people who had access to info from HQ, and who were beings investigated by the FBI in the first five days! Yeah... So, does anyone have any questions? Well then, Ryuzaki, I have a question. You said earlier that you hate to lose. But you've shown us your face. Doesn't that mean that you've already lost to Kira? That's correct. The fact that I've shown my face and that I've sacrificed twelve FBI agents are both losses. But I will win in the end. This is the first time I've laid my life on the line. Let's show Kira that we're willing to risk our lives... Because justice will definitely prevail. T- That's right... Justice will prevail! Let's give it our best! Let's do this, Ryuzaki! When I ﬁrst saw him, I was suspicious, but... There's no mistake. This man is L. First off, in order to make sure Kira isn't among us, I would like to talk to each of you individually. Huh? Oh, yeah. So he doesn't trust us... It's understandable. If Kira was in the task force HQ in the beginning, gathering info... chances are high that he's still here. ' get n! And if he remained he's seen Ryuzaki's face. Even this is a risk, huh? Things have been going well so far. If only I had one more thing, just one more decisive clue... If there was just one thing I missed... Just one piece of evidence that would come to light... It could cost me my life. - Just one thing... - Just one thing... Did you finish studying? Yeah. It's all right. There wasn't anything I missed. My biggest gamble was the bus-jacking incident, but... It is impossible to connect it with Kira. The police and L don't know that Kira can kill people with means other than heart attacks. But if anyone were to discover that fact, it would be a huge problem for me. What? Right now? Dad's been pulling all nighters. He needs clean clothes. You've got to give this to him. I promised I'd go to the first New Year's Shrine Visit with my friends! I'll go. I could use a break. How lucky! Thank you, Light! That means that you can spy on the Police Department. I'll only be able to go as far as the reception though. Oh? You're bringing a page? Killing someone out there? Lately, I've been doing this when I go out. Just in case. That day... Raye said that he was going to go to Shinjuku. On that same day, there were four heart attacks in the Shinjuku area. And... a bus-jacking... It's not a coincidence. Kira can... NATIONAL POLICE AGENCY AND NATIONAL PUBLIC SAFETY COMMISSION kill in ways other than heart attacks. The number you have just dialed... That's unusual for Dad... NATIONAL POLICE AGENCY AND NATIONAL PUBLIC SAFETY COMMISSION Please... I must speak directly to someone from the task force. I've told you already, there is no one in the Kira Task Force Headquarters. There's no one at headquarters? Dad's phone is off... What's going on? Is there any way I can contact them? It's something very important regarding the Kira investigation. The Kira investigation?! Well, I'll try to call their headquarters once more. I'm Detective Superintendent Soichiro Yagami's son, Light. I brought a change of clothes for my father, but it doesn't look like he's here, could you hold on these for him? Sure. Light, I haven't seen you around in a while. Oh... sorry. Umm... Remember? We solved that insurance murder with your advice. I was the receptionist then, too. Really, I'm sorry... I just write my name here, right? Does this mean that you're going to help outwith the Kira case, too? Yes, if all goes well, I may be able to beat L. Beat L? Nobody's at headquarters. Please trust me on this. I'll be sure to give them your message. That won't do. It must be in person. Excuse me... My father is the chief leading the Kira investigation. Do you want to leave a message with me? His cell phone is off, so I can't tell him immediately. But they're probably busy. A bunch of FBI agents were killed, and a lot of detectives quit the case because they were afraid of Kira. Light, you shouldn't be telling civilians that... People are already talking about it. Besides, this person is trustworthy. I can tell by looking at her eyes. She's a very wise and careful person. You've heard about the FBI incident, and you figured out that there's a problem within the Japanese police force itself. That's why you want to speak directly to headquarters. Did I get that right? I'll probably get a call from my father once he gets the message I left on his phone. You can talk directly to him at that time. Is it all right? Of course! I can't give you my father's cell phone number, but you can use my phone. Of course, it's no use if you don't trust both of us... Who is this cheery guy? Thank you. You've managed to lead her along well, Light. You're pretty brave. To involve yourself in the Kira case. Not at all... You think that Kira is... Um, may I ask what your name is? My name is Light Yagami. Light as in the character for "moon," and Yagami as in "night god. " It's a strange name, isn't it? I'm Shoko Maki. Shoko for "shining child," and Maki as in "space" and "tree. " Ms. Maki, right? Ms. Maki, I think that Kira's powers... enable him to control his victims before he kills them. I- I thought so too...! That's exactly what I was thinking! Kira can control the actions of a person before death. But that's not all... If my analysis is correct... Kira can also kill people in Ways other than heart attacks. Who is this woman? I don't think anyone's noticed yet... But I think this is what's going to catch Kira. I hadn't even thought about that. But if that's the case, Kira would make sure not to give his victims heart attacks when he's intent on hiding a murder. Yes, someone I know may have met Kira. Met Kira?! Sorry. Meeting Kira is definitely something that the police would have a hard time believing. Yes, that's why I have to explain it in detail to someone from task force headquarters. But wouldn't it be better if that person spoke to them instead? That person is no longer alive. He was one of the FBI agents who came to Japan. An FBI agent who met Kira... C- Could it be? He was also my fiancé. He said that he witnessed a bus-jacking incident. He probably met Kira on that bus. Raye Penber! What's wrong? Oh, nothing. I'm sorry your fiancé's passed away. So... what makes you think he met Kira? Eight days after the bus-jacking... He died, along with the other FBI agents. That hijacker robbed a bank two days earlier. He died in an accident... an unusual and rare set of events... I think that Kira set up the hijacking to steal information from my fiancé... in order to kill the FBI agents who had come to Japan. The hijacker died in an accident. In other words, heart attacks aren't the only way that Kira can kill. The hijacker didn't die of a heart attack. So that's why you think that Kira can kill by means other than heart attacks? Yes. I think that's a bit of a leap... No, it's not. I can't help but think that the hijacker was being controlled by Kira. Why? I've been wondering about the hijacking ever since my fiancé told me about it. I asked him about it more when he was relaxed. He didn't name any names, but he did tell me this. What did he say? That he reluctantly showed his FBI ID to someone. It was a top-secret investigation that the FBI kept secret from the Japanese police. He wasn't supposed to show his ID. So whoever saw his ID was the one who let slip that the FBI was in Japan. She really knows what she's talking about! So this would be the "one thing" that Light was worrying about! I see. It's a conclusion you came to with your singular knowledge and your desire to avenge your fiance. You believe that Kira can murder his victims by means other than by heart attacks. Yes. You have some amazing deductive skills, but you can't deny you have personal interests in this case. Your argument seems a bit forced. But... this theory is definitely worth investigating. Your testimony will be very important to the case. Y- Yes. If what you said is correct, Kira should be caught soon... Because... Kira was the one your fiancé showed his ID to on that bus. Yes. That was close... If this woman had told the police all this before she told me... It seems like a god other than a Shinigami is on my side. TO BE CONTINUED I dreamed a dream that no one could see, I threw away everything that I didn't need I'm holding these feelings That I can't give up in my heart Even if my feet fall victim to the shackles of sacriﬁce In between reality and my ideal I can't hold back the ﬂooding impulses Because I have a strong desire To accomplish I'm not weak enough to believe Any of these negative perceptions I'm a trickster who doesn't know solitude PREVIEW I want to see how this woman dies, but I can't be caught following her. Go on, hurry to your death! OVERCAST 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 