Death Note: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Note 
 s1e12 - Koigokoro: Beloved - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Note (2006–2007): Season 1, Episode 12 - Koigokoro: Beloved - full transcript 
 Without given much preamble, Light looks over the tapes from the TV station and voices the same conclusion as L, that there's a second Kira. With this conclusion validated, they work together to draw out the copycat. It works. The copycat gives a live broadcast reply but it proves a liability to Light when the copycat reveals shinigami information best kept secret. Horrified, L now realizes supernatural forces are involved. 
 
 Download 
   Within the spreading darkness I pledged a vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it I'm going to change The future that the forbidden fruit foretells... I'm going to change The dream into reality The ending That everybody wants Within the spreading darkness I pledged our vow to the revolution I can't let anybody interrupt it Someday I'll show you A bright and ideal World LOVE YAGAMI If you're interested, come here immediately. Okay, Dad. Just as I was thinking about how to get in... I never thought L himself would ask me. Now I can get inside information about the investigation... and about the fake Kira. I need to ﬁnd out about Fake Kira before anyone else at task force headquarters does... Thank you, Yagami. Not at all. Ryuga, we both want to catch Kira. Please call me Ryuzaki here. I'm Matsui. I'm Aihara. And I'm Asahi... I see. Well, would it be all right if I'm Light Asahi? Please do. I will call you Light here. Now onto business. Please take a look at our current information on Kira. I also want you to examine this video, which was sent to the television station... but was never released to the public. Taking any material from this room or taking notes is forbidden. I understand. We shall now begin. Light... THE PREVIOUS NIGHT and ask Light Yagami to investigate with us. B- But wouldn't that make it difficult for Light to help with the investigation? That's right. Why do you want him to work with us anyway? We're only going to hide that from him... until we have him watch this tape and ask him for his impression of it. There's something amazing about Light's reasoning skills. When he sees this, he may even deduce that there is a second Kira. But the only basis for a second Kira is your explanation that the victims of those killings had committed minor crimes that never would have been punished by Kira. That's not all. The Kira that we've presumed until now needed a face and a name to kill. But judging from the fact that Mr. Ukita was killed as soon as he arrived at the television station, and considering how Kira practically told me that he could kill me if "L" appeared on means that the Second Kira can kill by just seeing someone's face. So, I'll ask Light to look at the investigative facts and the video. If he suggests that there may be a second Kira, then he's almost completely cleared. Ryuzaki, what do you mean? If he's Kira, he'll want to kill me, the one in charge of the investigation. At this rate, if I go along with the Second Kira's demands and appear three days later on TV, I will die. I don't think that Kira would miss an easy chance to kill me. So what you're saying is that if my son doesn't deduce that there is a second Kira, then you'll continue to suspect him? No. In that case, it will remain below a five-percent chance. And we'll tell him that we are investigating the possibility of a second Kira and have him assist us. I trust you now believe that I'm Kira. - Could it be that the reason... - On the given day and time... why I feel so disgusted when I watch this... is because I'm the real Kira? This is about more than just tarnishing Kira's reputation. So why isn't... ...anyone giving me any explanation about this video? That's strange... Well, whatever the case, I won't say anything careless about this video. If I leave the situation alone, L will die. Light, what do you think? Did you get something from it? Hmm? Damn him! There may be more than one person who has Kira's power. Kira's power?! Light, what do you mean?! There is a good chance that this is not the Kira we've known up to now. Up to now, Kira's never used suspects like these for his announced killings. And if Kira needs a face and a name to kill... isn't it strange that he was able to kill the detective and officers who happened to go to the television studios? It's the same. It's exactly the same deduction as L, I mean Ryuzaki. You did well, Light. You should be cleared now... That's right, Light. I also think we are looking at a second Kira. I thought so... So you knew, Ryuga, I mean Ryuzaki? Did you test me, knowing that? I didn't test you. It's not convincing if I'm the only one who argues that there is a second Kira. With you coming to the same conclusion as I did, my theory becomes more believable. You've been of great assistance to me, Light. Thank you so much. So, it's decided. We first have to stop the second Kira. He obviously sympathizes with Kira, and is not very bright. I think he'll obey the real Kira. So if we make a fake message from the real Kira, there is a good chance that we can stop him. As I expected of you, Ryuzaki. I also thought that would be the best idea. Light... I would like you to play the part of the real Kira. M- Me? Yes. With your abilities, you should be able to do it. At any rate, we don't have any time to waste. Could you script a message from Kira... to air on tonight's news? Damn him... He planned from the beginning to bring me here to play this role. Ryuzaki, is this all right? I think I've portrayed Kira convincingly. I think this is very good, but if we don't remove the part which says, "You're free to kill L," I'll die. Well, when pretending to be Kira, I thought that he would demand that "L" be killed. It's just a bit of a joke. You can change that to whatever you like. Yes. Mr. Aihara, the script is ready. I leave it to you. All right. And now a shocking development. In response to the video that was sent and aired on Sakura TV a few days ago, another person claiming to be the real Kira has appeared. He has ordered several television stations to air his message. The police department has authorized us to broadcast this video. Is this the real Kira? Is this another Kira? First, please take a look at the video. I am Kira. I did it! Kira responded! I am the real Kira. The Kira who was on Sakura TV a few days ago is not. I will show leniency to the impostor because I am assuming he did it out of an attempt to help me. But killing the innocent is against my beliefs. If the impostor truly sympathizes with me and wants to help my cause... I ask that he refrain from killing aimlessly and accept my basic principles. - If you ignore this warning... - All right! The video, the video! - and continue to be reckless... - What are you planning to do? I'm going to reply to him, of course. SEVERAL DAYS LATER - What?! - It's here! I will bring the entire envelope there, but... for the time being, I'll play a copy through the computer. Mr. Kira, thank you for your reply. I will do as you say. - Wow! - We did it! "I will do as you say," huh? I don't know if I can use him. If he really knows Kira's feelings, he would force L to appear on TV and kill him. Don't fall for something like this... Damn it! I want to meet you. I don't think you have the eyes, but... I won't try to kill you. Please don't worry. Is he stupid? He talked about the Shinigami eyes on a tape the whole world will see? He just said that he didn't have "the eyes," didn't he? What could that mean? Who knows...? Please think of a We y We can meet Without the police knowing. When we meet, we can conﬁrm each other, by showing our Shinigami. Shinigami?! He's no good. I have to do something fast about this guy, or else... What?! Ryuzaki! Are you all right?! Sh... Shini... garni?! Are we supposed to accept the existence of something like that? Shinigami? Are we supposed to accept the existence of something like that? Impossible... There's no such thing... That's right, Ryuzaki. Shinigami don't exist. Kira had those criminals in prison write something about Shinigami... So shouldn't we assume that this is the same Kira? It's the same person, so they say the same things. That can't be, Dad. If this is the same Kira from before, he wouldn't have replied to our video. There is no way that the real Kira would go through the trouble of getting L to appear on TV, only to stop trying to kill him. Then maybe the real Kira and the Second Kira... already have established a connection. And decided to use the word "Shinigami" to throw off the investigation. That's also not possible. It's as Light says. If the two Kiras were connected, I don't think that he would stop trying to kill me. Second Kira is acting independent of the first. They want to meet the real Kira. That's right. They're acting out of interest in Kira. "Shinigami" probably refers to their killing power. "We can confirm our identities by showing our Shinigami to each other," probably means... "We can confirm our identities by showing each other our killing power. " That's right. The word "Shinigami" is a word that has some meaning between Kira and Second Kira. We should try to get him to tell us what it means. So are you going to respond and force him to be more direct? If we don't ask him properly, he'll know that we're not Kira. No, I shall leave the rest to Kira and Second Kira. Leave it to them? We can assume the second Kira is satisfied after receiving a reply from Kira. He thinks that he's got Kira's attention. And he also used a word that only the two of them would understand. This reply will air today on Sakura TV's six o'clock news. Of course, Kira should be watching the exchange between our made-up Kira and the Second Kira. From Kira's viewpoint, he'll want to prevent the Second Kira from coming into direct contact with the police. Maybe this time, the real Kira will respond. But what if Kira doesn't reply? Yes... I thought of what we could do with the Second Kira in that case, but... If he reveals more information that Kira doesn't want the police to know, and makes Kira more nervous and furious, in order to pressure Kira into meeting him... That would be interesting. It would be more interesting... if Kira gets scared and sends a reply in order to avoid that. Then there's a chance we could obtain some physical evidence from Kira himself. In the meantime, let's focus on gathering all the information we can from the Second Kira's package. That's good... Just like that! That was great, just great, Misa. That was wonderful! I'm worn out... Modeling sure uses a lot of energy! Hey, Rem. Can I ask you something? What is it? Shinigami always have to have a Death Note. Soto give one to a human to play with, the Shinigami needs to have two Death Notes... That means that Ryuk, who gave the extra Death Note to Kira, was able to trick the Shinigami King and get two, right? Right. Then you too? No. The Shinigami King isn't fooled that easily. Then how? I'll just say... I'm one of the few in the Shinigami Realm who know how to kill a Shinigami. Oh, then you killed a Shinigami and gave his notebook to me. No. I didn't kill him. I just happened to be around when a Shinigami died... So, tell me how to kill a Shinigami. Don't tell anyone, okay? The way to kill a Shinigami... is to make them fall in love with a human. What a beautiful way to kill. There once was a Shinigami named Gelus who used to watch a girl from the Shinigami Realm. Gelus was always looking at that girl from the Shinigami Realm. It's today, isn't it? The end of her life. She looks so healthy. Why today? Why... today? I wanted to know how she was going to die too, and decided to watch with him. The girl was walking alone at night on the street. And then... Suddenly from an alley, a man appeared and confessed his love for the girl. I love you more than anyone else in the world! I'm always watching you! I want to protect you forever! It was a man she didn't know. The girl turned him down, of course. Then... I'll kill you... Then kill myself-! H- Hey. Stop! Gelus did something that a Shinigami should never do. Gelus used his Death Note to save the girl. But that was not good. Shinigami shorten human lives. They only exist to take lives. At that moment, Gelus became something which was neither sand nor rust, and died. Only his Death Note was left. Then Gelus' remaining life span was transferred to the girl whose life he saved. Does that mean that the Shinigami wouldn't have died if he hadn't fallen in love with that girl? That's right. So... It was a Shinigami named Gelus who saved me that day. Yes. Gelus was in love with you. So that notebook is yours. Yeah... I see. In order to kill a Shinigami you need him to fall in love with a human and save that person. What about you, Rem? Are you in love with me? Give it up. You can't kill me. Oh? You figured it out? But now I have something I can tell Kira. I wonder if he knows? How to kill a Shinigami? I asked him on TV, "Please tell me how I can meet you," but he hasn't replied. Maybe I should send him another message. This isn't good... I can't leave the Second Kira alone like this. If the Second Kira makes a fatal slip-up and is caught by the police, there is a chance that the police will find out about the Death Note. Welcome. A strawberry sundae, please. Certainly. So what should I do? How can I contact the Second Kira without L noticing? Thank you for waiting. I want to meet Kira soon! But at any rate... What kind of a person are you, Fake Kira? What kind of a person are you, Kira? TO BE CONTINUED I dreamed a dream that no one could see, I threw away everything that I didn't need I'm holding these feelings That I can't give up in my heart Even if my feet fall victim to the shackles of sacriﬁce In between reality and my ideal I can't hold back the ﬂooding impulses Because I have a strong desire To accomplish I'm not weak enough to believe Any of these negative perceptions I'm a trickster who doesn't know solitude PREVIEW If Fake Kira is caught, I'll have to get my hands on his notebook. In the worst case scenario, I may have to kill everyone there. 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 