Private Practice: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Private Practice 
 s2e2 - Equal & Opposite - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Private Practice (2007–2013): Season 2, Episode 2 - Equal & Opposite - full transcript 
 Patients include a 17 year old teenager who wants to die against his selfish father's wishes and a couple whose genetic secret reveals itself to Addison and Naomi. Pete does his share to generate business for the Practice and Violet wonders why her friendship with Cooper is falling apart. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [PHONE RINGING] - Hello? - Do not hang up on me this time. [PHONE RINGING] - What, Addison? - She still won't talk to me. [SAM GROANS] [PHONE RINGING] - Hello. - Hey. So listen, just hear me out. So? Hates me too. Am I boring you? Sorry, I'm supposed to be at a meeting. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Violet's meeting. Violet's super-secret meeting to overthrow the government. You people are odd. Now that Sam's running things, he's pushing us to book more and change things and so on. - And so I don't get properly laid? - Yes. You're the victim. You're the silent victim. Not like you've given me permission to tell Violet why I can't come to her meeting. - Do not tell Violet about us. - I know. I have to go. I'll make it up to you. - What are you doing for lunch? - We don't do public. Peppone, 1:00. It's a symptom of the disease. PETE: It's a board with dots on it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This practice used to be about people working together. This board is about people looking out for themselves. It's profit-centric. It's not patient-centric. It's about unilateral decision-making. And assembly-line medicine, like Sam's executive physicals and the Cheetah Girl temp. - She's another symptom, hormone man. - She's a cute symptom. - Naomi? - I am not in charge anymore. Let Sam try it Sam's way. Sam and Addison pulled off a coup. Dell's gone. We have to do something. ADDISON: Looks like we missed the secret meeting. We weren't invited. We did the right thing, right? Yes, we did the right thing, the only thing we could do. This is just a small storm. It will blow over. Oh, storm's coming. - Can I have my messages? - Yes. Morning, Sam, Addison. SAM: Oh, I thought you weren't talking to us. While I am not talking to you socially, I am talking to you professionally, because this is a place of business. So morning, Sam, Addison. Ugh. SAM: Hey, guys. ADDISON: Morning. - Nice board, Sam. Oh, thanks. Yeah. Dell's gone, so I'm just trying to keep track of scheduling. Oh, I thought it was something different. - What? - I thought that you wanted to publicly humiliate everyone who wasn't booking enough. So you put your big showy board of shame in this fishbowl for everyone to see. No, that's not... It's not a board of shame. It's a board of accomplishments. SAM: Yes. - Well, you would say that. It's a board with dots on it. - I would say that? - You're on Sam's side. - No, no, Violet. I'm on the practice's side. SAM: Wait. Hey, hey. This board is a... It's a useful tool. All right? Now, just give it a chance. The dots, they tell me who's busy. Now if we'll look over here, Pete is all empty here. I can tell that he's available to help me with the executive physicals. All right, that's a big group deal we cut. Cash influx. PETE: I'm sorry, but I don't have time. The board would indicate otherwise. Oh, Pete... Well, you can't just make up patients, Pete. I'm not. I made a few calls and I'm trying something new. To drum up business. VIOLET: What the hell is that? It's a cutting-edge, noninvasive cellulite reduction system. It's a defatalator? SAM: Good thinking. - Your column's weak, Coop. COOPER: I'm on it. VIOLET: Do you see what this board of shame is doing? Cooper can't even look at it. You've forced Pete to defat innocent people. - Noninvasive cellulite re... - If this is where this practice is headed... We're headed towards bankruptcy. I hope this is an acceptable detour. I can't take it. I honestly cannot take it. Don't you care? You didn't show up for the meeting. I was doing... I was doing something. What? Cooper, I just wanna say that if there is something that you wanna tell me but you're afraid to tell me, you could tell me anyway. I won't get mad. We're friends. I'm your friend. So anything you would like to not keep secret, I'm open. I'm sorry I wasn't at the meeting. I just... I need to stay under the radar. I don't wanna be the dead weight that gets traded out for the plastic surgeon. Hey, Coop, come on. That's an excuse. Tell me. Do we have to share every detail? Do we have to be joined at the hip? - We're not 12. - Oh, glad you could clear that up for me. I was so sure we were 12. I know we're young, but we've been married for five years and we've been dreaming about kids for longer. Yeah, since junior high. - Junior high? - That's where we met. One day, I was a complete loner and then the next day, I had Lisa. It's like looking into a mirror. Same interests, same CDs, same books, movies. We even have the same allergies. - Grass, peanuts. - And peanuts. Yeah. I found my best friend. Do you know how rare that is, to find a best friend? - Yeah. - We already decorated the nursery. Yeah. We just need the baby. Please? Okay. So you're really not going to speak to me about anything other than work? For instance, the cop, Kevin. He hasn't called. We had a date, I thought it was a good date and then he didn't call. Which is something you and I would normally talk about. Really? You really wanna do this? I'll take Brian, you take Lisa? Fine. SAM: I gotta thank you. My day is filled with Jensen employees. Oh, well, if anyone else had tried to sell me on executive physicals, I would have thought it was a crock and a sales pitch. But I've watched you with my son for so long. Well, Kirk is amazing, given all that he's been through. Well, it turns out your good business is my good business. Morale is up, productivity this quarter is through the roof. Well, I'm glad that your employees are happy. They love seeing you. I wish Kirk did too. I had to drag him here today. Does he need another lecture on taking his meds? Seventeen years old. Thinks he knows better than everyone. I hate this disease. I didn't know it could damage his lung tissue so badly. Yeah, bronchiolitis obliterans can be brutal. He's still getting dizzy from the meds? His breathing's getting worse. I stay on him. If his mother were alive, she would know how to talk to him. See, the more I push, the more he pushes back. [CRASH] CHARLIE: Kirk? Kirk? - Help me get him on the table. I need some help in here. CHARLIE: Kirk. - I need an intubation kit now. - He's not breathing. - He's in respiratory arrest. I got Brian and Lisa's genetic tests back. - You know why they can't get pregnant? - No, but I know why they shouldn't. NAOMl: What am I looking for here? There's no mark for Down's syndrome, Tay-Sachs. They look healthy. Individually, they are. But as a couple... Almost a quarter of their genes are the same. They're not just husband and wife. They're brother and sister. VIOLET: Is that how the defatalator works? You lose weight by pushing it up and down the hallway? I need Dell or an extra set of hands. - Is this a unitard? - It gets them in the door. It says they wanna start living a healthier lifestyle. - By melting fat? - It doesn't melt fat, Violet. But it does break it down. And with exercise and diet, herbs... It's a quick fix, Pete. This is not us. Patients come to see us because we take care of all of them. Body, mind, soul. Sam is paving the road to hell. - It's just a machine. - It's hamburger. We used to give them steak. People like hamburger. SAM: The scarring from the virus has gotten much worse. And his lung function tests show a large decline. But you can get him through this, right? Get him back home? Well, being on a ventilator will help heal his lungs. Hopefully we can get him home. He's gonna need a lot more attention. Oxygen supplementation, IV meds. Well, I'll scale back at work, I don't care. The idea of losing him too... Hey. - Hey, hey, hey. - Whoa, Kirk. Kirk. I don't want this. - I told you already. I can't do it again. - Don't say that. Just put this back in. Now. No, it hurts. This is the fourth time, Dad. I can't do it. I can't talk, I can't do anything. Kirk, the intubation is only temporary. I'm getting worse. Dad, tracheotomy is next. I can't do that. I will throw everything I have at this. We will find something. This gives us time. Do it. - Don't. - All right, fine, Kirk. All right. No tube. Not right now. Just breathe. - There we go. - I don't want this life. Not this way. Let me die. Thanks, Dr. Nayar. - Sperm donor. - Sperm donor. The parents used the same sperm donor. What are the chances? Well, 25 years ago, there were only a couple of fertility clinics in this town. Everybody having trouble getting pregnant went to the same doctor? And the doctors used the same batch of donors over and over again. Makes you think twice about messing with Mother Nature, huh? I don't mess with Mother Nature. - I use science. - No, I wasn't saying l... - I was just saying that... - Right. So how do we tell them? How do we tell a couple that's meant to be together that they're not? Well, everything they know is gonna be tainted. Their childhood, their families. We have to let them know that it's not their fault. Well, it isn't. They didn't know they were brother and sister. And no one else needs to know. Who they tell, what they say, that's their choice. So not only do they have to split up, they have to lie to everyone they know. Well, incest is a loaded word. The visceral response is revulsion, ostracism. - They look like... - Any other young couple in love. ADDISON: And we get to be the ones to break their hearts. You coach two Little League teams, you're telling me you don't know one sick kid? Not even a cold? Okay. Gotta go. Bye. That's your plan to get new business? - Cold calling? - No. No. - It worked for Pete. - You wanna get some lunch? Take a break from the madness? Can't, I'm already booked. - With? - A friend. I know you're lying to me. You know you're lying to me. We both know and yet, lying. What is wrong with you? It's crazy, but I feel lighter already. Well, that's only step one. To really see results, you have to stick to the exercise and diet we discussed. And the herbs. Well, maybe I'll just come back every day. That seems easier. Did you get Kirk stabilized? SAM: Temporarily. When he came to, he extubated himself. He's letting himself die. He is dying. Maybe it's time to start thinking about hospice instead of hospital. No, Charlie won't do that. Come on. How old is Kirk? Well, he won't be 18 until next month. COOPER: Who's not 18, that new receptionist? No, my patient. And because the poor kid crashes a few weeks shy of his 18th birthday, you're gonna force him to indulge his father's grief with an intubation tube jammed down his throat? Until what, the ulcers and hemorrhaging get so bad, he needs a trach? No 17-year-old should be making life-and-death decisions. PETE: He's been fighting this since he was 12. - He's done. - Look, Charlie's wife died two years ago. Now you want me to fault him for wanting to buy his son just a little more time? Time for Kirk to live? Or for Charlie to hold on? LISA: We're brother and sister? My parents never even told me my father wasn't my father. Well, I'm sure they didn't think it was anything that would ever be relevant. And for all intents and purposes, it wasn't. This is a nightmare. Look, this is a lot to absorb. Why don't we give you a few minutes? NAOMl: Did you see the look on her face? You were very good with them though. See, normally, this would be the part where I'd be asking you about Kevin again, if I should call him even though he hasn't called me. Normally, that's what we'd be doing, if you were talking to me. - Don't. - Nai... Look, I'm being an adult about this, Addison. It does not mean that I forgive you. Thank you for telling us. If there's anything that we can do... You can help us get pregnant. But we just told you that... We heard what you said, but we're soul mates. We love each other. We're staying together. Cousins get married all the time. They have kids. Why can't we? Because your children would have a 300-times-greater chance of developing a genetic disorder which could be fatal. What about sperm donation? For a couple who by law shouldn't be married, - I can't. - Then we'll adopt. The first thing an adoption agency will look at is your medical history. They'll see your relationship and they won't. I'm sorry. So no kids. Hey. BRIAN: We just forget about kids. - As long as we can be together. - Without sex. Because no birth control is 100 percent. Then tie my tubes. Lisa, you're 23 years old. Just tie them so I never have to think about this again. SAM: You were supposed to remind me about the health fair. Oh, sorry. Wait. The company that rents your ultrasound machines did call and they're gonna send a truck to pick them up around 1. Pick them up? Did they mention why? - You haven't paid in three months. - What? VIOLET: Are you okay? - Hey. - Yeah. - Can you cover the health fair? - Please? - I don't know. I'm working through lunch. Check the board. Uh-huh. Cooper, my man, health fair. Great way to get new patients. I have lunch plans. More important than the practice? - Really? - What website did you find her on? Yeah, Cooper, which website? I have a limit to how far you can push, Violet. SAM: All right, grab a stethoscope, go get some damn balloons and go charm some mothers who don't know any better. SAM: I'm hiding medical equipment. I've been reduced to hiding medical equipment. Well, I have been asked to tie the tubes of a perfectly healthy young woman so that she can sleep with her brother. Incest trumps equipment-hiding. Incest, that's nasty. So, what does Naomi say? That is a very good question, Sam. What does Naomi say? As little as possible. Because she is professional and courteous and she hates me. And I can't even talk to her about the fact that she hates me. - Or about the practice or Kevin... - Kevin? My cop. SWAT, actually. We had a date. It was a good date, you know? And he hasn't called and... You're a man. Why do you guys do that? Well, did you try calling him? No, why should I? He knows I wanna talk to him. Well, he would if you called him. Hm. You suck at being Naomi. You got that right. [BOTH WHISPERING] What kind of a defect do you have? - I'm sorry. - I get one hour for lunch. I was halfway across town. I ordered wine. I found a quiet corner booth. Which was good, because I might have missed your text. - I should have called. - No. You never should've invited me to a lunch you didn't plan on attending. I'm not looking for a relationship or love or any of that garbage. But I won't be treated like I don't matter. Please tell me you didn't just piss off Charlotte King. COOPER: Of course not. JODIE: Oceanside Wellness. SAM: What was she doing here? - I don't know, but I told her I couldn't talk because we're busy. Sam, you have a call. - Just take a message. - Oh, yeah. Can I take a message? SAM: Which collection agency was it this time? It was the hospital. The hospital? Well, why didn't you...? I'm standing... - What was it? - Some guy, Charlie Jensen. He wanted you to meet him there. - You gotta put the tube back in. - Kirk's right. - He's not getting any better. - Kirk's tired of being sick. You think I don't get that? He doesn't see this from every angle, like I do. I know how to approach a problem. I don't care how much money or time we have to put into this. We're gonna fight this. He's a teenager, Sam. He's a teenager whose life isn't over yet. He's a month away from being 18. You're not the only doctor in town, Sam. I could take my son and my business. You chased me hard for those executive physicals. Are you threatening me? You have a lot of expenses, Sam. You really wanna let a huge chunk of business walk out the door? If there was someone you loved, wouldn't you do everything to save them? - His stats are dropping dangerously low. - You gotta put the tube back in. - He's just gonna pull it back out. CHARLIE: Then restrain him. All right, give him 20 milligrams of Etomidate and 100 of sux. We're gonna give you something to relax you. - Then we're gonna intubate you again. - No. - All right, relax. - I don't want... No. SAM: Whoa, hey, easy. Give me those restraints. - I'm sorry, but I have to do this. - Do you? CHARLIE: All right, Kirk. SAM: We need an 8-0, an ET tube and a Mac blade, please. Thank you. LISA: Dr. Montgomery? I wanted to talk to you alone, without Brian. Lisa, if you get your tubes tied... - You wanted a child. - No, don't. Please, just hear me out. I know what you say we are. And I know that this is disgusting to you. - It's not... - He's all I have. Brian, he's all I've ever had. I was shy before him. I was shy and... Brian sees me. He sees me and he knows me and he loves me. My whole life, I felt like there was this missing piece of me. Like I didn't fit. And Brian, he's my missing piece. So before you say no to the surgery, consider... Just consider what you're asking of me. You're asking me to make myself less whole. To lose a part of me. He's my missing piece. My best friend is my missing piece. Hey, Sam. - You make a decision about Kirk? - Yeah, I re-intubated him. Against his wishes. Against his expressed... I did what his father, his legal guardian wanted. - Now, Kirk's underage. I had no choice. - Yes, you did. You chose to ignore your patient's wishes to keep his father happy. Keeping Charlie Jensen happy is good for business. You're not being fair. How much we taking in on these physicals? Enough to put his kid through hell? I made my decision. - You made the wrong one. - Hey. I'm in charge here, okay? Me. I am in charge. Go back to sucking the fat out of people, making us money and let me do what I need to do to save this place. It's a cellulite reduction system. - Pete, please. - No, don't. What's the most important question, Sam? What's best for the practice or what's best for the patient? VIOLET: I wish I had what they have. What, you wanna sleep with your brother? No. That kind of devotion. They're a team, best friends, joined at the hip. They deserve to be happy. They are a brother and sister who want to have sex with each other. Oh, come on. It's not like they were raised as brother and sister. - You're considering this? - The client wants what they want. And so you're gonna sterilize them so they can stay incestuous. Well, stepchildren who grow up together end up marrying. I think that's worse. They're raised as brother and sister. Yeah, you're a shrink and you believe that nurture is more important than nature. But biology says this is wrong. Is it really ours to decide? These people are everything to each other. I've never seen a couple so close. What, because they found love or because they're genetically similar? I just heard. How did Hansel and Gretel take the news? Gretel wants her tubes tied. You guys are actually considering this? They guys, not me guy. You wanna sponsor inbreeding? That is gross and, you know, I know gross. It's not inbreeding if we do a tubal ligation. Interesting point, but as the American Medical Association guideline points out... [GAGGING] Stop it. They probably tell each other everything. They don't lie to each other. Sounds nice. - Oh, do I get a dot for the consult? - Get out. Listen, you cannot consider this. Kids are the one thing that they both wanted. That and each other. Conference room, 12:00. [SPEAKS SPANISH] I don't think this is how Hansel and Gretel was supposed to end. [SIGHS] COOPER: No, no, no, wrong way. SAM: Whoa, hey. COOPER: Watch out for the doctor. Oh, hey, scrub hard. I'll talk to you soon. - Lice. - No, doesn't count. Coop, you had those kids since they were babies. We need new business. - Don't say it. - Say what? That, what, I've been chasing cases, that I'm running this place like a factory? Because I've been doing the best I can. - And somebody had to do something. - I was going to fix this. I just needed time. I needed a little faith. Wait, whoa. What about a little faith in us, huh? And telling us the truth? Addison and l... You know, when did this become about you and Addison? When you started keeping things from us. You know, Addison didn't start this practice with you. From nothing. She didn't work Saturdays to pay the bills while you wrote your book. She didn't have to play traffic cop and den mother while all of you got to play idealistic doctor. I'm just trying to save what we started. Well, if we keep doing things your way, Sam, is it worth saving? Come on, Charlotte. Call me back or leave me a message or send me an obnoxious text. We'll... Sorry. Yeah, leave me a message. Actually, the treatment is performed on the whole body, adapted for the skin sensitivity of each individual, so... This place is bad enough without you trying to sell your magic beans to everyone. I mean, does she really look like she needs help? Does that body need anything? I mean, does any body really need its fat pulverized into submission? Violet, you know what you are? You are a judger. You are a judgey judger who has no right to judge until she tries it for herself. COOPER: She can't be. - Oh, she is. COOPER: Violet. You really think it's her? - Oh, it's her. You really think it works? - Are you okay? - Yeah. Here. Switch. Why would she stoop to this? She hates that thing. ADDISON: I don't know. What...? - And right there, please? - Mm-hm. ADDISON: And again. Is Violet defatalating? - Sorry? - She better be paying. VIOLET: Maybe I was too judgmental. PETE: See? VIOLET: Maybe I'm wrong about everything. You're bringing in new clients, Sam has his physicals and even Cooper got some new business at that stupid health fair. And I actually think I'm getting thinner. Violet. You don't lose weight just by waving the wand. Everyone who comes through that door, they don't want to talk about a healthy life plan. All they want is magic. This isn't magic. This is... This is crap. Oh, hey. Hey, it doesn't matter. You don't need to lose weight. Your... Your ass looks fantastic. VIOLET: I know my ass looks fantastic. But thank you. For saying it, not for thinking that I don't have enough self-esteem to love my own ass. I love my ass. It is round and firm and like 10 years younger than the rest of me. It's a fantastic ass. Men cannot keep their hands off my ass. Stop touching my ass. Damn it. The practice is going to hell and Cooper is lying to me and I am sitting here, encouraging you to rub fat off my ass. Life is not ass fat. And if it is, it's not ass fat that can magically disappear with a wand. What are we gonna do? They're here. You know what you're gonna tell them? If I tell them no, they're just gonna go to someone else. Well, I guess you'll do what you feel is best. Okay, what do you want me to say to you? That I'm sorry? Because I'm not. I was trying to save the practice, to help you. - Well, thanks for helping me. - You know what? This is my practice too. I gave up a hell of a lot to come down here. I came down here for you. - For you and Sam. - You went behind my back. And you hurt me. And that can't be undone. Some things just can't be undone. Well, will you tie my tubes? Because if so, we thought maybe you could do it today. We can't... We can't take another day of this. Another night. We didn't sleep. We just want everything back the way it was. So will you? Will you? You're brother and sister. Now, how can you go back to the way things were when you know you're brother and sister? Knowing doesn't change anything. It doesn't change how we feel about one another. It changes everything and it can't be undone. BRIAN: Because we know? You're wrong. It doesn't matter. You think if we'd known before we got married, we wouldn't have? - Well, we would. - I don't think so. It didn't matter to me when I found out. I still married her. You still married me? BRIAN: I mean, I'm just saying... - You knew that she was your sister? You knew? You knew? We're both allergic to grass. We have the same toes. We have the same blood type. We're the same. I knew there was something and I looked into it. But I thought... I thought that you were my soul mate. I thought that... You knew and you never told me? Because it doesn't matter. We found each other. Out of all the people in the world, we found each other. - Don't touch me. - Nothing's changed. LISA: Don't touch me! - Nothing has to change. LISA: Get away from me, you... This is disgusting. You are my brother. I had sex with you. - You took my virginity. - Lisa. Brian, it's over. - We're best friends. - It's over, Brian. [LISA CRYING] [KNOCKING ON DOOR] I need you. COOPER: Ow! - Deal with it, Coop. You know, there's no one else I would let do this to me. - That supposed to make me feel special? - Yes. Because the only thing you need me for anymore is picking lice out of your hair? In monkeys, it's a sign of affection. This sucks, Cooper. I used to like to come to work. I used to like to talk to you. Tell you everything, vice versa. And now it just... It all sucks. All you do is lie. I'm sleeping with Charlotte King. And I didn't tell you because she said I couldn't, but also because... More because I was scared of what you'd think. I'm scared of what I think, because I like her. I really like her. I might almost kind of love her. And she's mean and she won't let me tell you about her and she's bossy and rude and all Southern-twangy. And now I got lice, which I got because I don't have any patients, which Sam never fails to point out. And do you think Charlotte would pick lice out of my head? Charlotte would burn me alive if I came near her with lice. And I wanna dump her so hard. I wanna dump her on her ass and walk away. But the idea of dumping her gives me this pain in my stomach that makes me feel like I wanna vomit, so I can't dump her, because of the maybe loving her. And it is killing me not telling you, so I'm telling you. I'm sleeping with Charlotte King. Thank you. I set Lisa up with an appointment to see Violet. Brian's staying at a hotel. I still don't think he understands what he did wrong. Well, in his mind, they were best friends. That was more important. Hey, Officer... SWAT... Kevin. It's me, Addison. Addison Forbes Montgomery. The doctor. Anyway, l... I noticed that there were a few missed calls on my cell and I didn't know if one of them might have been you. I mean, sometimes I do that. You know, I get the voice mail and then I debate whether or not I should leave a message. Sometimes it's just better to call back later. But anyway, if you did call, I'm sorry that I didn't pick up. But then maybe you didn't call. I think I just lost my best friend and I needed somebody to talk to, and you just seemed like such a good guy and such a good person to talk to, and l... And l... I now am realizing that we've only gone out once and so why would you be the person that I'm calling? And so now I'm just this weird person leaving a message on your voice mail and you don't know me, so this seems really like I should hang up now. [SIGHS] Nice knowing you. What, you need the conference room for another one of your secret meetings? VIOLET: Hey, Pete. Oh, no, no, no. You were my one bright spot. I'm just not a defatalator. I'll try something new. I'll even help you with the executive physicals, but the... Cooper also has something that he'd like to say. Look, I'm a pediatrician, Sam. Kids get sick, they come to me, I take care of them. I don't do health fairs, I don't cold-call patients, I don't shill. I'm just... I'm a doctor. VIOLET: Addison. Naomi. This is not how we act. It's not who we are. Sam, we can do better. I know we can. I know we need money, but at the end of the day, if we can't treat patients the way they should be treated, then what's the point? I just need a little faith. What do you want? I did what you asked, because I had convinced myself that it was the right thing to do for Kirk. But the truth was I was protecting the wrong person. This isn't about protecting me. No, I meant me. I was protecting myself from your threat. And that's not the kind of doctor I am. That's not the kind of doctor that I wanna be. You asked me if it was somebody I loved, what I would do? And it would kill me, Charlie. But I wouldn't wanna force someone to live a way that they couldn't live with. Because that would be for me and not for them. It's the only thing keeping him alive. But that's not the life that he wants. We haven't done everything we can here, Sam. I understand wanting to throw everything at a problem, Charlie. In business, maybe you do that and maybe it works. But you end up losing a bit of yourself along the way. And this isn't a business, Charlie. This is your son. No, go ahead. You're gonna forgive me eventually, Nai. It's okay. I'm here. It's okay. [BEEPS] Tonight's not a good night. I told Violet about us. She was hounding me and I told her. I'm sorry. - I hate you. - Yeah, I hate you, too, but you do matter. I wouldn't have told Violet if you didn't matter. Get your clothes off. [GRUNTING & GROANING] [BOTH PANTING] JODIE: Wow. PETE: Yeah. Wow. I know. I mean, wow, I didn't know older guys could be so good. - Older guys? - Yeah. You're like the oldest guy I've ever had sex with. SAM: A patient died today. I'm sorry. And I am not helping the practice. You're doing a good job. [SAM LAUGHS] SAM: You're just saying that. I am just saying that. But it's what Naomi would have said. I have faith in you, Sam. Things will get better. This is just a bump in the road. Before you know it, it'll be just like... SAM: Shh. - Old times. - I'm furious. - I know. I'm gonna be furious for a very long time. I know. - This is hate sex. - I know. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 