Never Have I Ever: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Never Have I Ever 
 s1e10 - ...said I'm sorry - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Never Have I Ever (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - ...said I'm sorry - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey, it's your boy McEnroe again. Now, you may be wondering did Devi redecorate and become a super fan of the classic rock power-group, The Doobie Brothers? Not quite. A week ago, Devi and her mom had an epic blowout after Nalini said they were relocating to India. You remember, the fight where Devi said this: I wish you were the one that died that night. After dropping that bomb, Devi decided she had to move out of the house 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 before her mom had a chance to move her across the globe. But where to go? She wasn't really on speaking terms with her two best friends, and it would be psycho to ask a guy she's only kissed once if she could live with him. So there's really only one person left. Hey, David. Um, did something kinda weird happen? Or did I do something dumb at my party? He's talking about this: - Whoa. Were you just trying to kiss me? - Uh... And then four seconds later, this: Ben, what the hell? Anyway, if I did, that was just alcohol doing its thang. So I... I hope that you're not feeling weird, or awkward, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - because I... - Can I move in with you? Ben's parents were surprisingly cool about letting Devi move in. Their only concern was that their last boarder, a Greek foreign-exchange student named Stavros, had robbed them and tried to seduce Ben's mother. Devi promised she would do neither, and was invited to stay in their rock-and-roll themed guest room. So now Devi got ready for school under the soulful gaze of Howard Gross's favorite clients. - Good morning. - Morning. Good morning, Devi. I have made your favorite: - Meat lover's omelet. - Thank you, Patty. Here's number one million and one of the things I couldn't get if I moved to India... 'cause nobody eats meat there. Well, actually, that's a common misconception. Only about 20 to 30 percent of the population in India are truly vegetarian. I did an extra-credit report for World History on the cuisines of South Asia. Suck-up. You know, I would've run away earlier if I'd known I'd get to use a bathroom with a TV in it. Yeah. I like to watch Billions in the bath. Mmm. - Have you heard from your mom? - No. Honestly, I'm surprised she hasn't had the police come over here to drag you home. I'm not sure she wants me back. I mean, I'm like the only Indian child ever to run away from home aside from Mowgli. Mowgli didn't run away. He was lost after a tiger attack. What? I'm a reader. Look, maybe you should just apologize. Why should I apologize? She is the one who's ruining my life by moving me to India. I never even got to go to Coachella, Ben. India is not that different from Coachella. It's crowded, dusty. Diplo's sort of around. Forget it. I'm not going. You could ask my dad to help you emancipate yourself like a child actor. It usually goes pretty well for them. You're looking to get into meth, right? - Hello, Devi. - Jesus! Kamala, what the hell? I'm sorry. I've been told before that my light tread is too elegant to be detected by the human ear. What are you doing here? I thought you might need some things from home. It seemed like you packed in haste. Yeah. I've been using Ben's deodorant all week. So, do you think you might return home sometime soon? It's not as much fun watching 90 Day Fiancé without your color commentary about all the, quote, "delusional uggos." I don't know, Kamala. Your mother also misses you a lot. Did she say that? Not in words, but I did see her hesitate when she threw out all your favorite snacks. So, is it nice over at Ben's? It's friggin' luxurious. They have a pool. They have a gym. They use hella cushy soft toilet paper. Not that one-ply trash Mom buys. And they let me use the dishwasher. I'm sure if you came home, I could convince your mother to let you run the dishwasher once. Oh! Which home? The one here, or the one I'm being dragged to in India? Obviously, you won't need a dishwasher in India because you'll have servants. Please just tell my mom I'm not coming home until she promises not to move. Hello. You're beautiful. Are you new here? Uh... excuse me? I'm Eric, a very popular and handsome jock. Would you like to be my girlfriend? Eric, get out of here. I totally get it. Have a good day. Hello, Arlene, this is Nalini Vishwakumar. Oh, of course. Hello! Oh. How's that classic three and two? - It's fine. - Fine? Sounds like it's time for you guys to upgrade to a four and three, and I have new listing off of Moorpark with the most beautiful en suite you have ever seen in your life. And you tell Mohan it's got a rain shower. I would, but, um... sadly, he passed away eight months ago. Oh, my God! Oh, I am so sorry. Thank you, and that's actually why I'm calling. I have decided to move my daughter and I back to India, and, um, I'm looking to put my house on the market. Uh, okay, sure. I'll get right on it. - Thank you. - But it is such a shame, you know? Mohan really loved that house. Can you believe it? Wow. This is perfect. Does it get any more Southern California than this? It's 90210, baby. Actually, it's 91403. A higher number. Even better! How come in all the movies about Hollywood no one mentions how many spiders live here? Forget about the spiders and look at the house. We could plant a little garden here, grow fresh tomatoes for thakkali sambar, and our children could get married right here on this lawn. And when we grow old, we can sit on the porch and shake our fists at the skateboarders. I do like to shake my fist. So, you thinking this is the one, folks? Yes. Yes, this is our home. Wonderful! I'll get started on the paperwork. Welcome to the Valley, folks, LA's responsible sister. Oh, my gosh. What is this song? It's a sign. It is a beautiful day! Arlene, can you please turn up that music? Sure. This is my new favorite song. No! Devi had hoped that kissing Paxton wasn't a one-time thing, but ever since he showed up at her house, he had been a little bit, how do you say… distant? Hey. I haven't seen you all week. Yeah, I've been busy. Cool. So listen, I'm sorry my mom was so crazy to you the other day. It's fine. I don't really care what your mom thinks. Totally. I mean, honestly, I got into a huge fight with her after that. Listen, I need to get to class. For sure, uh, but would you maybe wanna hang out after school or something? I don't know. I, like, have a lot going on with swimming and stuff. Oh, God. Get out of there, Devi. This is a classic brush-off. Cool. Well, if you change your mind or anything... Hey, move it along. We do not give grades for hallway loitering. Go learn something. Okay. Here you go. What's the point of all the ceramics in here? Just to make the place seem homier. Make my patients feel a little more comfortable. Strange. So, I'm glad you came in today. I mean, I didn't think you were someone who believed in therapy. I don't. It's for white people. I mean, clearly, there are some exceptions. I am not quite sure what to make of that, so I'm gonna ignore it. What I do want to talk about is Devi's progress. Yeah. - I'm concerned. - Yeah, me too. I told her we were moving us back to India, and she ran away to live with a family who apparently run their dishwasher day and night. - Wait. You're moving back to India? - Yeah, we have to. Devi is out of control. She needs to be in an environment that values discipline. Sure, but changing your geography won't necessarily change the problems that Devi is dealing with. Well, I'm certainly not fixing them here on my own. I know that I'm not as good as Mohan, but I am trying. You must miss him a lot. How are you handling your grief? Oh, you know what? I am not falling for this one. I'm here to talk about my daughter who wishes I were dead. - I don't think that's true. - That is true. She said, quote, "I wish you were the one who had died." And that she didn't think I liked her. Why do you think Devi feels that way? Because I'm tough on her. I am. I know that. But it's only because I am scared... all the time. When she couldn't walk, I, um... You don't always have to be so strong. I mean, it might help her to know that you're also struggling. Come on. What good would that do? Huh? Have you considered falling apart might actually be the thing that... brings your family back together? Tomorrow is Mohan's birthday. He'd be so sad if he knew we weren't speaking. These ceramics are quite comforting. For white people too. All right. Trent thinks he can eat an... - No, I know. - No, you think... In one bite, in one bite... Prove it! - Are you guys ready? 'Cause I'm ready. - Prove it. Go ahead. Do it. Stuff it! Stuff it! Stuff it! Get it in there. Yes! Devi, you have a visitor. Paxton? Oh, Miss Vivian does not allow any sugar in the house. - She's on keto diet and... - Just take it. What are you doing here? I'm here because... um... even though your behavior has been outrageous and incredibly disrespectful, I... I don't want us to fight anymore. Today is your father's birthday, and... I think it's time for us to scatter his ashes. Would you do that with me? You want to spread his ashes? Why does it have to be today? Because it's his birthday, and we probably should have done it a long time ago. Or maybe it's because you want to do some spring cleaning before uprooting the whole family, and you're trying to get rid of unnecessary junk like Dad. Devi, that's, that's unkind. I... I wanted us to do this together. Well, you can count me out. I'm not Marie Kondo-ing members of this family for your dumb India move. Okay. Like I said... I don't want to fight with you. If you change your mind, Kamala and I are leaving the house for Malibu at 5:00 p.m. God, Dad, you have great flexibility. Make sure you drink a lot of water today, okay? Sure thing, champ. Excuse me. I don't mean to intrude, but, Mr. Gross sir, I was wondering if you could help me become emancipated from my mother. What? Devi, I was joking when I said that. I know, but now it seems like a good option for me. It's a bit hard to do, sweetie. Are you financially independent? No, but I think my friend Rebecca could get me a job at Old Navy. Let me look into it, and, uh, I'll see what I can do. No, Dad, she didn't mean it. Can I talk to you? Thank you, Mr. Gross. Devi, what's going on? My mom just came in here and was being all like, "I don't wanna fight anymore. Come spread you dad's ashes with me at the beach." Isn't that a good thing? No, it's a ploy to get me back so that I have to move to India with her. And honestly, I can't believe she's using my dad's ashes like that. That's, like, immoral. So you're not going to spread your dad's ashes? Nope. I'm not falling for her tricks. I really think you should talk to her and clear this up. I don't negotiate with terrorists, Ben. And honestly, I'm mature enough to be on my own. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna Google how to buy a credit card. I really only thought I'd be buying two Frappuccinos since I only asked two of you here. Don't be cheap, Ben. If you need to talk to us that urgently, you can also afford to hydrate our lovers. Fine. Why does the robot need a coffee? Uh, have you not seen Westworld? He doesn't know he's a robot. Here you go, Gears. Thank you. Boy, am I thirsty. So what's this about? Your blazer makes me think you're trying to rope us into a pyramid scheme. So, what is it? I'm really worried about Devi. Listen, I'm sorry, Ben, but Eleanor and I are on a friend break with Devi right now. So I guess you'll just have to figure it out on your own. There's no such thing as a friend break. You're either friends, or you're not. And Devi needs you. I don't know how much you've heard, but she ran away from home. - She's trying to emancipate herself. - Ooh, like a child actor? Chic. Yeah, and now she's refusing to go with her mom to spread her dad's ashes today. She is? You guys know her better than anyone. You're the only people she'll listen to. So, will you help? Oh, mama. That sure hit the spot. Devi called. She wants to work with me at Old Navy. Isn't that cool? Yeah, sure. How come she hasn't come over in a while? I thought you told me you kissed. - I kiss a lot of girls. - Yeah, but most of them suck. And I like Devi. Doesn't mean I need to make her my girlfriend. You should. Listen, I don't wanna sound conceited, but I'm kind of cool, and she's, like, known for competing in the National Spelling Bee. - Oh, no. - What? You're a douche. - I am not. - Yeah, you are. Rebecca, look. We kissed one time. I don't need to marry her. Also, her mom basically called me stupid, and I don't need that kinda negative energy in my life. Oh, so you're scared she's smarter than you? No. Uh... That's pretty rude, Rebecca. Well, if you blow her off, then actually, you are stupid. Hey, you have guests. Whoa. What is this room? Why are they here? I'd prefer not to have any visitors right now. First off, this is my house, so I can bring anyone I want... except for my dad's old law partner who poached Channing Tatum from him. I asked them to come and help you. Help me what? You have to go with your mom to spread your dad's ashes. Even though we haven't talked, we still care about you, and we don't want you to make a decision you're gonna regret forever. You know, you're one to talk about regrets, Eleanor. What are you even wearing? Tan pants, tan shirt. And you're not gonna regret quitting the play, or dressing like a park ranger for the rest of your life? This isn't about me. We're talking about you right now. I know Devi is deflecting, but she has a point, El. Last night, I saw you eat a plain yogurt and watch the Home Shopping Network as entertainment. That sounds really bleak, Eleanor. I know you don't want to be like your mom, but this new you can't be making you happy. It's not. I'm miserable. I hate neutral tones. I miss my scarves and capes. Of course, you do because they're you, and so is acting. You should be a part of the play. You're right. I was pretending to be someone I'm not, which I should only be doing on stage. Wow. Even saying the word "stage" makes me feel better. Guys, I am so sorry I wasn't there for you when you needed me. I know I don't deserve another chance, but I really, really miss you. We miss you too, Devi. Maybe we could hang out sometime? Yeah, I think so. We'll call you tomorrow. Aw! Hey, guys. You didn't do the thing. Get her to spread her dad's ashes. - I totally forgot why we were here. - Oh! You just like used straight-up Jedi mind tricks on us. I know, but I did mean what I said. I really do miss you guys. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You still have to go to Malibu. So my mom can ship me off to India? That's not why you don't wanna go. You don't wanna go because you don't wanna say goodbye to him. But you have to. I'm not ready. Yes, you are. You can do this. You gotta go. Go, Devi. The time is now 4:55. Oh, my God. I'm not gonna make it in time! I'll get you there. Hey, Ben, when you said, "I'll get you there," you made it seem like you understood the urgency of the situation. - I do. - Then drive faster, bro! This is my dad's car, and I only have a permit. I'm not gonna throw my life away for you. At least drive the speed limit. Oh, my God. Grandma, go! Hey, stop pushing my leg. This is not how you treat a Porsche. Should we wait a little bit longer? She's not coming, Kamala. We don't have to do this today, you know. It's his birthday. I want to take him somewhere he loves. Shit! My mom's car is gone. Andy, did you see my mom leave? Yeah, not long ago. She had an intense vibe. Dammit. They already left for Malibu. I gotta call them. Straight to voicemail. I'll take you to Malibu. I think it might be faster if I just take a Lyft. No. I'll be faster this time. Although I've never been on the highway before, but how hard could it be? Holy shit. We're gonna die! How is it legal to drive 70 miles an hour around a thousand other cars? - Okay. Just relax. - I am relaxed. Please wait. I'm on my way to you. Why is that guy so close to me? Does he not see me? I'm right next to you, pal. Oh, my God! Use your fricking blinker! Mom! Wait! Mom! Kamala! Stop! Wait, please! Are you okay, kid? Oh, fuck. You're John McEnroe. I am. Whoa! It's me. Small world. My dad's your biggest fan. That's awesome, but why are you crying and screaming? Because my mom is about to toss my dad in the ocean, - and I can't make it down there in time. - Huh? His ashes, I mean. Sorry. He's dead. Yeah, a lot of my fans are now. I was such a shitty daughter, and I said I wouldn't come. Now they're doing it without me. I'm trying to scream, but they can't hear me. Well, they'll certainly hear me. We can't do this without Devi. Wait! Hey! Don't throw your husband's ashes in the water! Is that John McEnroe? - Thank you so much, Mr. McEnroe. - No problem, kid. Now, you give your dad a proper send off, okay? Get going. Mom! Did I miss it? Am I too late? I'm so sorry. I'm sorry for everything. I can't believe I said, "I wish you were dead." I didn't mean it. No, no. Don't apologize. Sometimes I also wish I was the one who had died. No. I know you think that it was your father who was the only one who cared about you, but that's not true. I love you. You're my only child. You're my whole family. I love you too, Mom. I love you. Now how about we celebrate your father? Yeah. Okay. Okay, Kamala, if you please. Goodbye, my love. "'I love you right up to the moon, ' he said." Up, up. Racket head up, and through. Ha, ha! I think your father would've enjoyed that little ceremony. It was beautiful... except for when that booze cruise came by. So many topless women. I think Mohan would've enjoyed that as well. Mom, can we make pancakes for dinner like he used to? Of course, but you have to come home to eat them. Okay. Go ahead. I'll be right there. Hi. Was I drooling? Sorry. Uh, how did it go? Did you make it down there in time? Yeah. You stayed. Yeah. I just wanted to make sure you were okay. It's Devi. Leave a message. Oh, hey, um, I'm in your neighborhood. Thought maybe we can hang out, but, uh, it seems like you're busy, so... Uh... Anyway, you can give me a call or text. Whatever. Okay. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 