Restaurants on the Edge: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Restaurants on the Edge 
 s2e4 - Muskoka - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Restaurants on the Edge (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Muskoka - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We've been invited by restaurants on the edge of the most beautiful views imaginable. Who really need some help keeping their business from going under. There is nothing more inspiring than celebrating a community on the plate. But far too often, the better the view, the worse the food. This is about reviving not only the restaurants... Everything's at stake for us. For us, this is life. ...but the owners' belief in themselves. This means the world to me. Oh, my God! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's like a part of us here. So, together, we're traveling the world in search of inspiration to transform these restaurants into authentic hot spots that paint a picture, not just of that restaurant, not just of that chef, but of that community. I'm telling you, my brother, you all changed my life. A short road trip north from Toronto, Canada, and you'll find yourself here in Muskoka, a region of incredible natural beauty filled with shimmering blue lakes, rustic resorts, and multi-million dollar cottages. In the summer, this place is a picturesque waterfront playground. But in the winter, it's more of a frozen kind of beauty. Muskoka is beautiful in the winter because it has this calmness 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and this stillness to it. We're on our way to the Creative Plate Eatery. The owner, Connie, is struggling to grow her customer base, mostly because she's battling bad reviews with a worse attitude. She's on the edge of walking away from her business, and needs help to get reinspired. The restaurant's decor's all over the place and Connie has no idea what to focus on first. If she wants to build her customer base, she needs to stop serving kangaroo and tap into the bounty that's around her, even in the winter. Once we get over the hill, we see the restaurant right on the water. The view is incredible. - It's epic. - It's gorgeous. My first impression is... it needs work. - Hello? - Anybody home? I knew immediately that this was an owner that was really confused about her brand and didn't know where to take her restaurant. There's stuff everywhere. It's cluttered. I believe in a cluttered space, a cluttered mind. It was really hard to figure out what is this restaurant? I don't like clutter or things that aren't organized. Too many things didn't match. You have to work in a good workspace in order to execute everything that you're doing. And I think that goes for the guests that go to the front of the house of your business. If there's a lot of clutter and there's too many things going on, that's just too much going on in their head. Hi, everyone, how are you doing? - Hi, how are you? - I'm Connie. I'm Dennis, good to meet you. I'm Connie, the owner of the Creative Plate Eatery in Muskoka. I've been here for five years. This is my baby. I love it. Connie's a sweetheart. There's something about her that draws you in. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you, Connie. She's like all of my aunts. I know Connie. I don't know her, really. I mean, we've met, but she reminds me of so many people from home. Here, we cook fresh. I don't gouge my customers. You can come here and eat. Eat well for a normal price. That's important to me. It's about feeding more than a tummy. It's feeding the mind. It's feeding the soul. You gotta send your food out with love. Nobody likes angry food. So that's big for me. I am head chef. But I'm also chief cook and bottle washer. I do everything here. That's a lot of hats for a person to wear, which makes me think she's being stretched way too thin. Welcome to the dinner table. This is a signature dish we do here. It's sweet potato gnocchi. We then move on to pulled pork egg rolls. Here we have a beautiful crispy duck bowl. We have King Cole duck, which is Ontario, of course. I'm proud to use them. And we have a beautiful lamb shank. So this is family style? Family style. Don't be shy. Please and thank you. The menu does not make sense to me. There's a million different inspirations. There's just no kind of guiding light. There's no North Star. There's no why. Like, why are you doing this? What is the reason behind the food that you're cooking, and what is the reason behind why people are coming to your space? I'm not redoing Connie's menu from scratch, but I'm gonna give her three new dishes and a fresh culinary outlook. I really want the food here to celebrate everything Muskoka. How old is this building? This building apparently dates back to 1967. It was used as housing for all of the employees on the steamships. I've been coming here since I was young. So it's kind of a landmark. This was the Newark marina. When did you open this restaurant? I opened this six years ago. - Six years ago. - Five years. Five years, six winters, yes. Who is your guests? - I usually say guests, not customers. - No, because they're not customers. They're not customers. They're guests. That's the most important thing. We want to make sure that the guest is always happier when they leave than when they came in. Absolutely. I'm not for everybody. Mmm-hmm. Let's just be honest. There's times I can't get people in or I can't accommodate a group of 13, and they've got hungry kids. I'm gonna call another restaurant that I feel that these people are looking for and ask them, "Hey, it's Connie from Creative Plate. Can you take these guys?" May I ask why you would turn away business? Because if I can't do my job at 100%, how is that fair to you as a paying guest? Turning away business is no way to build a customer base. Connie is sending out the wrong message. No wonder she's struggling. She wants to handle everything. She's always trying to run from the front to the back of the house, wearing all these different hats. And the perception of that's terrible to the guests, to people that are clearly writing reviews online. I would love to hear from your perspective how you came together with the design. - Purple is a staple. - Yes. However, the design changes to my guest needs pretty much monthly. You can probably come in a month, this design's gonna change. Is there anything that's super sentimental to you that if we were to come in here and change a whole bunch of stuff that you really absolutely would not want to lose? If you could find a spot in your little heart for my dog, Wuffie Knuffie. His real name is Beauford Jackson. I'd really like him to stay. I'm guessing that Wuffie Knuffie's not with us anymore. Wuffie's not with us. He was my world, and that was done by a guest. I'd like to keep him somewhere, if you can, within the building. I think when she lost him, there was other things that she lost along the way. So you really feel like you're prepared to let everything-- Let it go. That's more of a comfort for me to walk in and see him because he was a big part of my life. He was a big part of guests' lives here. I feel like there's no walls with Connie. I feel like she's ready. Like, she's ready to take on whatever is next. She just wants to go. She's ready for a transformation. And I want to help her do that. I'm open for change. I'm ready for a change. - Let's toast to a big change coming up. - Let's do this. - Big changes, here we go. Let's do it. - Cheers to that. Connie, how do you personally feel about your online presence? I can be a bit of a bulldog. When people write bad stuff about service or food, it's hard not to fight back. But the last thing customers want is a negative experience, no matter how great the view is. My goal is to help Connie interact better with customers so she can focus on building up her business instead of tearing it down. "Refused to serve my husband a plain burger with bacon on the side." You remember this person? Oh, I remember talking to them. We cook from scratch. We cook from fresh. We do unique. So when we run out of things, we run out of things. And they don't like that. We do a gourmet burger of the day. That's how it comes. You being a restaurateur, you understand. If you have 17 chits up in front of you, and everybody has burger modifications, mix-ups happen very quickly and then you have upset guests on the other way. Going into your response, Connie, to that. "Terribly sorry you were not happy with me or my answer. I was, however, non-confrontational. I was blunt and to the point. Let's be honest here. By the way, I'm getting tired of responding to these." This is my favorite response of yours. "You are a very ignorant guest. You are very lucky that I didn't throw you out personally." - Yep. - "You are not welcome back. And the guests around you were glad to see you go." - They clapped. - You went after that. You did not let go whatsoever with that. My floor manager came back to the kitchen in tears. When you make my staff cry, then you make Momma Bear mad. Momma Bear was mad. I see what you're saying. I hear you. But it comes off completely different when you put it in print. It will make or break you, the social media. I nearly didn't re-sign my lease. I-- You know, I left it to the 12th hour. It's this stuff that I'm tired of. If there's a problem, come and talk to me. I can't fix something via social media. It's tough to be criticized, but you can't make it personal and you can't put it in print. Everything that has been happening before Dennis, Karin, and myself got in here, I want you to put that all behind you because I like to look at this stuff as the diamonds are in the back of the cave. Look at me. The diamonds are in the back of the cave. It takes a long time to find what's right. And you looked at us the other night, the three of us, and you said, "There's a reason that you guys are here." You want to be able to give great service, so it's warm and inviting, so guests continuously come back. And I know that Connie understands that. Let's face it, whether we like it or not, when you put something online like this, it's there for while. Unless you change things the way you move forward. And this stuff will all get swept away 'cause the good reviews are gonna start pushing all this bad stuff away. I totally agree. I want to take this restaurant to the next level. You don't reach levels like this unless you're a strong person. - All right? And you're capable of it. - Thank you. I'm ready to hear everybody else's ideas, and let's do it. She's really opened up. She stepped back and is allowing people to help out. I personally want to burn these. Could you? - Let's do it. - Uh, yeah, I'll do it with you. Let's do it with me. All right. All right. - Burn, baby, burn. - Burn. Let's go. Let's put that behind us. Today, before I start designing, I need to assess the situation. I need to take some photos, some measurements. I just wanna take it all in. What are the opportunities here? She was ready to throw in the towel, and that's a tough spot to be in. I really want to shake things up and give her something that she can work with and give her a platform to be successful. I've got a couple of challenges. First of all, there are three different spaces. So, right away, I know that I need to make the three feel really cohesive, and make it feel like it's one unified restaurant. Another one of my challenges is that there's just so much stuff going on. What can stay and what can go? This place feels disconnected from its location. I want to bring the outside inside so that the design does justice to the view. Bone-chilling temperatures are prompting extreme cold warnings across Ontario. Windchill values are expected to dip as low as minus 40. Police right now are warning people to stay inside their homes because it's the type of cold that will give you frostbite. Connie's cooking at the Creative Plate is all over the place. It just doesn't scream Muskoka. Local ingredients must be the star of the menu. Right now, it's so cold I can't even feel my face. But I'm driving on a frozen lake with the local ice fishing club on the hunt for fresh fish. What's up? We're gonna work at the restaurant here, so I'm really excited to learn what fish you guys catch in the wintertime and also in the summertime. So, teach me everything. Teach me all the tricks on how to ice fish. In Muskoka, most people up north here... - Yeah. - ...their kitchen is their backyard. Jason Fitzsimmons, affectionately known around here as Chefy, is personal chef to the Muskoka elite. In the winter, his clients head back to the city, and he runs Prime Time Ice Fishing. He rents out these cool little ice fishing huts to people here on Lake Rosseau. This is from our hunt camp just down the road. - Okay. - And this is Moose Sloppy Joes. - Moose Sloppy Joes. - Yeah. It's so cold out today. This'll actually warm us up. We are not gonna go hungry today. Chefy brought a ridiculous amount of game meat so I can taste his version of Muskoka. You know it's right when it's like that. Cheers. It's surprisingly light tasting. Moose meat's very lean. There's no fat. - Mmm. - That's good, eh? I could eat about 300,000 of these. We've got lots of other stuff to eat, so... - These are just little nibblers for us. - Oh, man. There are things that I thought that I would do in my life as a chef. Sitting in an ice hut in Muskoka with you cooking for me is not something I ever expected. - I'm glad you're enjoying it. - It's awesome. Now that you've tried moose, I've got an array of other game that we've shot in the area - that I'd like to cook for you. - Yeah. Okay. So, we've got venison. We've got demi, just salt, pepper. We've got bear. There's a little bit of-- - Pork fat. Beef fat. Yep. - Pork fat in here? - And fiddleheads. - Yep. I'm gonna eat. - So I absolutely love ice fishing. - Mmm-hmm. Winter in Muskoka I absolutely love because there's no one here. - I think we're hitting minus 30 today. - No, I can't believe that. You're gonna find out when we go to the ice bar there and have a fire. Fair enough. With decor and design, Connie wants to embrace and enhance the natural elements that exist in the Creative Plate. So, why not start by looking for inspiration out in nature? I've enlisted the help of local woodworking artisans Dan and Candice, owners of Live Edge Forest. It's a wood shop that uses materials sourced from fallen Muskoka trees to make beautiful pieces of art and furniture. I'm hoping they can make something spectacular for Connie that really embraces Muskoka's natural beauty. Everything that we do is inspired by the natural environment out here. So, we come out here to clear our heads, but also to kind of open our minds. It inspires our work. We'll often incorporate the flow of the rivers into our pieces. The natural curvature of the water really inspires us. You make furniture. You make art. We try to use the whole tree all the way down, so, we'll make little jewelry pieces from big table pieces. And is there an ideal tree or an ideal type of wood that you would use for woodworking? We, in particular, like to work with hardwoods such as maple, birch, walnut, cherry. For today, we're trying to find ironwood, which is gold, compared to a softwood like pine. So once we do find some ironwood, we're gonna try to cut it in two to three-foot lengths, bring that home, and then see what we can do with it. So, this looks like this could be a good tree here. - Okay. Awesome. - Should we take a look at it? Yeah, let's check it out. So, we're just looking for something more solid that's not rotted. As you can see here, some of the spalting. - Oh, yeah. - A lot of character in this piece. I love it. You can use the smaller saw. We can cut little branches. - Are you gonna give me a saw? - Yes. - You are? Okay. - Yeah. Right here. There's something so nice about being connected to our environment. When I see a space that's like Creative Plate, I do find it overwhelming. You need to think about the tone that you're setting. If you pull in an artist's work into a space, you're speaking through that artist in the space. Design is all about connection, all about relationship. I'm heading to a place where tough reviews aren't an issue: the Sherwood Inn. Chef José Caneira has chosen Muskoka as a place to explore fine dining all year round. He perfected his craft around the world, training alongside Michelin-star chefs, and is now working his culinary magic in Muskoka. I want to see how he keeps his business thriving even in the winter months. - Chef José... - Mmm-hmm. - What brought you to Muskoka? - I'm from Portugal originally. I came on August 24th at 4:30, 1988. Muskoka itself is the playground of the closest big, big city, which is Toronto. The guests are unwinding. They are relaxing. This is one of the most successful places in the area. What works here? It's not too complicated what's working over here. My style of cooking, I call it "not my style," because very fast, I understood it's a team over there. You cannot do it without them. From the dishwasher, to your sous chefs, to yourself. My style now, I try to incorporate every single one, every single little potential. You just respect the food. Keep it as simple as possible as you can. Because the food will speak by itself. I am blessed Hunter came aboard. - I call him his last name. - Yeah. He might be our sous chef over here, but he's executive chef material. We are truly yin and yang. We are truly the opposites, but we really get along well and push forward. You need that in this business. You need a numbers guy. You need a creative guy. We just came from an amazing season. It was really good. Connie... I know Connie. Hardworking. Excellent work ethic. Connie and Chef José don't know it, but they're cut from the same cloth, both leading with passion, but in much different realities. Connie is a solo owner. She can be easy on herself with some of her shortcomings, but customer service should always come first. There's something amazing about somebody saying, "I'm willing to put in the time. I'm willing to sit here. I'm willing to invest even if I don't catch anything. I'm willing to go out and sit with this line and this rod, freezing, just in the off chance that I'm gonna catch something." Take this. - Whoo! - There we go! - Lake trout! - All right. All right, buddy. There's one for the pan. You did all the work. So, I don't even think it's about ice fishing. I think that the reason people go out is 'cause they want to spend time with people they love. And I think that most of that is community. All right, man, cold enough for you? Good God, is it ever. They're kind of getting a little frozen. How's the batter going? You almost done? - It's freezing as I'm whisking. - Okay. It's cold, but, this is gonna be good when we're done. How long are these going in for? Until they float. Just till they float, pretty quick, probably, yeah. Oh, about two minutes. They're pretty small. Those are done. You're good to go. They look great. They smell great. Perfect. Secret Lake Rosseau tartar sauce is a must. - You got lots of secrets, man. - Yeah. - How's that? - Mmm. - That's great. - Pretty awesome, isn't it? - Mmm-hmm. - It doesn't get any fresher. No. So, lake trout are really good eating, especially this size. - Not too fatty and oily. - Yeah. - High in omega-3s. Good for you. - Yeah. And they're one of the best fish in the lake to get. Amazing to spend the afternoon. I feel a little bit selfish, though. I'm keeping all this to myself. Here we go. Muskoka is surrounded by lakes. There's fish everywhere, and people are fishing all year round. It would be terrible to go into a restaurant and not have that. And I'm so excited about bringing fish to be a centerpiece of the menu here. Dan and Candice work out of their basement, and their shop is a lot smaller than I had expected. Especially for the amount of work that they produce and the quality of work that they produce, too. I mean, they make beautiful, beautiful pieces of furniture. When I walked into their shop, I thought, "Oh, my gosh, this is where you do all of your work?" Cool, that's cool. - Wanna take that? - I'll take that. So, this wood is old-growth wood. This is when trees had time and space to grow without being cut up like we are constantly doing these days. So they've been sitting at the bottom of the lakes for over 100 years. So, pretty special, pretty crazy process. The center ones are maple and exterior ones are birch. And all these have character cracks and holes in them, which, for us, make a really good piece. These look pretty roughed up, pretty beat up. But once they get planed down, it pulls back another layer and then even this one's already... This one's been cleaned, so it's looking a little smoother. But you start to reveal different characteristics. Once we finish it and oil it up, it'll be like a whole new world. Cool. So what... What would you make out of this? We would router this out and put some glass in the center of it to create a pond or a lake piece. Some of these we might accentuate some of the cracks, and then fill with a resin. We have some plans to do something like that, maybe for the restaurant with this one here. I'm looking over your shoulder, and I really love this wall behind you. Tell me about this. These are actually pieces that we've collected throughout the years on our nature walks, and then whatever we have left over, we just cut a few more pieces for each branch, and we just stick it up there to create a little wall. Because I love the textural quality of this. And I've got this big wall in the restaurant where I'm planning on doing a feature wall. So, I feel something like this with local wood cut up all over the wall - would be perfect. - We can totally make that happen. - Absolutely. - Can we do that? As soon as I saw that wall, the instant takeaway was we could do something like this, but on a much larger scale in the restaurant. I'm here to help Connie bring in some hyper-local food to the Creative Plate. It doesn't get any more local than Bala. It's like ten minutes away from Connie's restaurant. Bala is known as the cranberry capital of Ontario, and it's the home of the Muskoka Lakes Farm and Winery. They harvest up to 500,000 pounds of cranberries every year. They're one of the only fruits native to this part of Canada, where the rocky terrain and the harsh climate make most traditional agriculture impossible. Their number one product, cranberry wine. I have no idea what it tastes like, so this is gonna be interesting. - It's Sunday. - Yeah. There's no better time in the world to drink wine than Sunday mornings. Exactly, especially cranberry wine. Why cranberries? Well, cranberries really like the acidic soil here in Muskoka. Is that based on where Muskoka is, because it's more northern? Not necessarily a northern climate. It's just more what the ground's made of. The acidity comes from the granite, the substrate. As that rock breaks down, it creates acidic soil. The settlers came here back in the 1800s. What they found was the thin soils and the acidity of the soil, it couldn't grow anything very well. So they turned to logging to survive. When the logging came through the area, they cut all this area and sloshed them. And then forest fires would come in and burn up all the slosh. The land wasn't really worth much. There wasn't any logs on it. - Oh, wow. - Our trees are starting to get of the age where we can start tapping them. The Johnstons also produce the most quintessential of all Canadian foods, maple syrup. The best thing about maple syrup, too... I know it because it's in my backyard. - It's the best natural sweetener. - Oh, yeah. Cranberries, maple syrup and cheese. That's a great combination. I'm gonna do this because I'm eating - and drinking all of this by myself. - All right, thank you. What's your favorite way to eat cranberries? Just fresh, right off the vines. When you first pick them, they're really tart and kind of like a lemon. It really gives you that pucker. And then as they age a little bit in the freezer and get frozen like this, they soften... Grapes start to grow in February or March, because they got a warm spell. We don't got to worry about that with cranberries. We can just have fun... Up here in the... um... Even the sweet and dry ones will be frozen, and then, um... Then they're used or they're processed. - What's that? - Are you drunk? Am I drunk? I do feel really good right now. Learning about how cranberries are really the only indigenous fruit that grows in Muskoka, they kind of have to be on the plate. So, I think it's important, and I do think there's a lot of ways we can really incorporate cranberries on to so many other dishes. Cranberry culture is to flood for harvest because it makes harvesting easier. And then in the wintertime, that layer of ice will protect them right through to the spring. So, you flood the water and you create a hockey rink. Yeah. So, there's cranberries right here underneath where we are. Underneath, we're standing right on top of them. Yeah. - That's amazing. - Yeah. I legit haven't been on skates for about ten years. I've been drinking your wine. Let's play some hockey, man. Bog hockey. Let's do it. Oh. - Can we fight, you and I? - No. Whoa. I don't know if I can get up. I don't actually suck at skating as much as I thought I was going to. I found the perfect spot to buy furniture and decor for this restaurant. Simply Cottage is this huge warehouse full of tons of different furniture. They've got custom artwork, antique pieces, collected furniture, curated pieces. It's great for cottage-inspired vintage and rustic decor, which is exactly what I'm looking for. I've just stepped in the door, and I've already found so many different pieces I can use for Connie's restaurant. So this is perfect. In Muskoka, you see a lot of cottages that have wood architecture with a dark exterior, so we've brought that into the inside of this restaurant. So, the walls are a dark charcoal gray. I'm looking for all of these decor pieces that are light and bright. And even these vases, milk jugs, they're white, they're creamy, they're glossy. I'm sort of taking Connie's original decor, but reinventing it and making it so much more modern. I'm getting rid of all of those old teeny tiny black chairs. Those have to go. I am looking for lounge furniture. I want an intimate space where you can have a beer, kick back, order some nachos, relax. Sometimes, you won't know what the perfect piece is until you stumble on it. This... is amazing. These are real vintage steamer trunks. So, this is pretty cool because these are from the late 1800s. I've read all about the Muskoka steamships, and how they're woven into the fabric of the history and culture here. Ferrying people to and from the cottages and resorts before the roads were built. The Creative Plate building was actually used to house steamship workers back in the day, before it was a restaurant. So, using these steamer trunks in the redesign makes so much sense. If I can find pieces that truly have a historical element, I want to bring as much of that as I can into a space to truly create an authentic design. In my experience, the most successful restaurants are those that reflect the local culture. In Muskoka, beer and community are intertwined. I mean, who doesn't drink beer? It's a conversational piece. I'm here at the Sawdust City Brewery, a local hub that's hopping in winter and summer. Sam is the man behind their amazing craft beers. Sawdust brews unique stories into all their beers. I'm hoping Sam can help me sell Connie's story at the Creative Plate. Is this your first time in Muskoka? This is my first time in Muskoka. And what do you think? First off, walking in this place has been one of the highlights. The energy in this place, the smell of beer is immediately relaxing me. We wanted to create a place for people from this community to come to and enjoy themselves and experience something that is locally theirs. We want them to be proud to walk out of here and go, "Sawdust City is my town." And that's what we wanted to create. ♪ Can't take this anymore... ♪ What is Sawdust City? Sawdust City is actually an old-timey name for Gravenhurst, Ontario. Back in the day, 1800s, it used to be a logging town. There were 17 sawmills in Muskoka. And over time, the piles of sawdust grew, and it earned the nickname Sawdust City. I thought it sounded cool. Sam's eager to tell me how they incorporate unique stories into all their beers. I'm excited to try them, but I'm also starting to get inspired because the Creative Plate has a great story, too. I'm gonna give you our Little Norway lager. - Cheers, man. - Cheers. - So, this is a Little Norway? - Yeah. Tell me the story behind that. In the 1940s, these Norwegian pilots came to our hometown and learned how to fly to go back to occupied Norway to fight the Nazis. Little Norway, fighting symbol of a temporarily occupied country, closes up shop at Gravenhurst, Ontario. - This is the greatest story! - Yeah, yeah. The lads have made a lot of friends in Canada during their stay. This is a tie that we have to Norway. Completely blows my mind. - Cheers, brother. - Cheers, man. Ultimately, what we're trying to do here is take something back to Connie at the Creative Plate Eatery. Her basset hound that she lost is called Beauford Jackson. Would it be possible to have some sort of a beer or something that can relate with that basset hound? This is what we do here. Let us do a beer for Connie called Beauford Jackson. I think it's fantastic. We're fully behind it. - Sam the man. - Cheers, brother. ♪ Just another train Passing on through ♪ We've each spent time exploring winter in Muskoka, and digging into the culture, design, and food of the people who call this place home. Now we're meeting up to share our ideas so we can help Connie refocus and re-energize both herself and her business. Okay, you guys, I have an amazing plan for this restaurant that I'm so excited about. Here's my main vision. I want to bring the outside inside. Nature is everything and everywhere here, and I really want the restaurant to reflect that. I went out and met this incredible couple, Candice and Dan, and they've got this great woodwork shop. Now, Candice and Dan, with their foraged and their fallen wood, they make these really cool discs. They almost look like tree cookies. We're literally bringing the outdoors inside. To contrast that room, I want to do a stencil on the bar. It's gonna give it a little bit of a modern flair. I really like that Connie's got all this artwork. So, I have this idea to do a gallery wall in the restaurant, where I can pull in collected pieces of art and just do a really nice montage. I really want some pieces that are going to act as a great contrast and a great decor piece against the gray walls. Do you remember those stools in front of the bar? The purple, it's gotta go. - So I'm reupholstering the stools, right? - Yes. And I've got this really great gray vinyl. This feels a little bit more cottagey. It's very neutral. But I love the idea that there's a print. So, now as soon as you walk into the front, you're gonna be greeted with these really adorable bar stools. This gray room, a white bar, and that's going to set the tone for the rest of the restaurant. Guys, I want to tell you about my little adventure. I went to a really cool place. It's called the Sawdust City Brewery. This place is amazing. It's like 20,000 square feet filled with energy. These guys do so many different beers, and many of them tell stories. One of the coolest things about Sam, the guy I met, the main brewer, we sat down, we had a flight of beers, got to try a lot of different ones. He actually offered to make a beer for Connie. The one thing that she didn't want us to take away was Beauford Jackson. - Beauford Jackson. - Beauford Jackson. Let us do a beer for Connie called Beauford Jackson. I think it's fantastic. What an amazing story to tell if we had Beauford Jackson beer on tap at the Creative Plate Eatery. And when you're talking about all this different wood that you guys were foraging from the forest and stuff, I think there's a good possibility of creating a beer tap and incorporating Beauford Jackson onto it. I think that's a great idea. They can make anything out of wood. You dream it. They can make it. And so making a beer tap, I think is a great idea. So, I spent most of my time outside. You talked about bringing the outside in. I took myself outside. I got to hang out with these amazing ice fishermen. I've never been ice fishing before. I really want to highlight a lot of that fish, specifically the trout that we caught that day. It's here all year round. You can catch it in the summer. You can catch it in the winter. And then I also went to this cranberry farm. Cranberries are indigenous to Muskoka, and I had no idea. They freeze the cranberry bogs. They turn it into a hockey rink. So I went out and played hockey. I didn't make a complete ass of myself. But you should try this maple syrup, it's amazing. I'm not gonna rebuild Connie's entire menu, but I'm going to elevate three dishes that reflect her, who she is, her style, and the places I've been in Muskoka. Fish that comes right from the water. It's fresh, you taste that. Beef that's delicious, that's from here as well. Cranberries that are amazing. Maple syrup that was tapped from trees not that far from here. The three dishes I'm thinking are a nice beef tenderloin dish, red wine cranberry sauce, and some grilled leeks. And we're gonna do a carrot dish. Nice salsa verde on top, some granola. Thinking about a risotto with some leeks. I love what you're saying about creating a menu that works in the winter and in the summer, because that's exactly what I want to do with the room. I want to create an environment that works for her all year round. So, I'm so excited about this plan. As I'm seeing this space come together, I'm thinking, "Okay, great." I'm so happy with how everything is turning out. The inside and the outside are becoming seamless. There's seating that accentuates the view, and the decor feels so Muskoka. What we've done here is life-changing. All the inspiration that Chef Dennis has brought to the kitchen, what Karin's done here in the front of the house, I feel we've made an unbelievably positive change here. There doesn't need to be 50,000 ingredients on a dish to make it great. Just celebrate those five and make them taste the best they possibly can. We eat with our eyes and then our nose and our mouth. It's got to taste epic, but it also has to look beautiful. Before we arrived, Connie was struggling with customers and negative reviews. She was stuck and considering throwing in the towel. You know, she accepted her failure, and she was able to move forward in the most positive, passionate way to allow us to do our jobs to further the lifetime of her business. She hasn't seen anything. She doesn't know the design plans. She hasn't signed off on anything. So, this is a real surprise. Oh, my God! Are you serious? This is incredible. I cannot believe this place. I would never envision it this way, and it's gorgeous. I just... I'm over the moon. - Hi, Connie. - Hi. - So nice to see you. - Nice to see you, too. - Oh, my goodness. - What do you think? Honestly, I'm blown out of the water. Your tears, you're making me want to cry. This is the third time I've cried. You guys have made me cry three times, and people don't usually do that to me. We're gonna walk through this, okay? We really wanted to create a space that brought the outdoors in, that celebrated the natural beauty of Muskoka in a cohesive and comfortable way. This is an amazing piece. Candice and Dan from Live Edge Forest put this together. I love that. We freshened up the bar. - This is a beautiful stencil... - I love that. ...white and black, high-impact. And then these are your original stools which we've reupholstered. Nice! Right here, as soon as you walk into the restaurant, we've got a beautiful gallery wall. - So, this is a brand-new table. - That's beautiful. - Looking out at the lake. - Absolutely. The Live Edge Forest guys had made this. - The bench is brand-new. - That's gorgeous. This is yours. And I heard that you love this lounge area. This is incredible. So you know that these are the trunks - that tourists used to bring their stuff. - To travel. - To travel with. - Absolutely. - So, you like this? - I love that. Okay, great. I wouldn't have ever envisioned this space gray... or without the purple tablecloths. And I love this cottagey feel. And you guys have outdone yourselves. - This is... stunning. - Yeah? When we first got here and Connie cooked for us, the food was good. Connie has talent, but the items on her menu were confused. She wasn't embracing what's local even in the wintertime. It smells amazing in here. - It does. - What's up, everybody? - Yummy. - Wow. I tried to clean it up. Simple, accessible dishes, seasonal ingredients, clean, bold, vibrant flavors, and simple, elegant plating. - This guy went all out for us. - Absolutely. I went all out for myself, too, because I'm hungry. And I want to eat. So, we have got some carrots roasted in maple syrup, highlighting the delicious maple from this part of Canada. We've got some nice granola, maple in there again, and some nice pesto on top. Right here, nice risotto with pearl barley, fennel, leeks, lemon, some nice trout. And last but not least, beef tenderloin, cranberry red wine sauce, some crispy Hasselback potatoes, some roasted leeks and some charred candied lemons. - Let's dig in. - Wow. This looks delicious. - Oh, my goodness. - Yes. This looks good. The carrots, I don't even have a word for. These are out of this world. The barley risotto, you get everything. You get the fennel, you get that fresh herbs, and then you get that little bit of lemon. It heightens your taste buds. Obviously, we ate together before, we cooked together, we're eating together tonight. Do you think these dishes would work for your customers? Absolutely. I'm telling you right now, this is going on our menu for our opening tomorrow. - All right. - Thank you. I wanted to create dishes that anyone can pull off, but also recipes that are shapeable that you can use seasonally, that can be vegan. But ultimately, it's about creating this moment that when people eat it, they go freaking crazy because they've never eaten anything that tasted like that before. I think you've listened to me. You've read the reviews. We've all sat and talked. I think you guys really worked... on something that will work with my clientele. And I'm amazed. This is phenomenal. There was one thing you said you did not want to change or you didn't want us to take away. And it's gonna, I think, add a lot of love and light to your business. Oh. The guys over at Sawdust City Brewing brew a beer called Beauford Jackson. The same people at Live Edge that made this very table - made this actual tap, custom. - Did they? Oh, thank you. I did ask you to leave Wuffie somewhere along the line. And this means the world to me. Being a solo owner, sometimes you run out of ideas because I'm trying to be creative in the kitchen with menus and decks, and I'm spread too thin. Let's just be honest. I can't wait to get open. I can't wait to serve my customers. I can't wait for them to see what you guys have done. The help you've given us, and, um... I'm ready. Like, let's do this. To new beginnings and future success. Thank you so much. I thank you. This is amazing. Love you, Connie. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 