Restaurants on the Edge: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Restaurants on the Edge 
 s2e1 - Slovenia - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Restaurants on the Edge (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Slovenia - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [classical music playing] [Nick] We've been invited by restaurants on the edge of the most beautiful views imaginable. [Karin] Who really need some help keeping their business from going under. [Dennis] There is nothing more inspiring than celebrating a community on the plate. But far too often, the better the view, the worse the food. [Karin] This is about reviving not only the restaurants... Everything's at stake for us. For us, this is life. ...but also the owners' belief in themselves. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - [woman gasps] - [man whoops] This means the world to me. Oh, my God! [chuckles] It's like a part of us here. [Dennis] So, together, we're traveling the world in search of inspiration to transform these restaurants into authentic hot spots that paint a picture not just of that restaurant, not just of that chef, but of that community. I'm telling you, my brother, you all changed my life. [Dennis] I've been really fortunate to travel all over Europe, but I've never been to Slovenia. Now that I'm here, I don't know why I hadn't come earlier. [instrumental music playing] [Karin] The capital, Ljubljana, is picture-perfect. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [Nick] Along the river, you can see cobblestone streets and people sitting at outdoor cafes. It's got a real artsy vibe. [music stops] [Dennis] This is amazing. I'm on a bicycle, riding to a restaurant in Ljubljana, Slovenia. [Karin] We're on our way to Žmauc, a family-run business that has been a staple in the historic district since Slovenia got their independence in the early '90s. They've had a good run over the years, but recently, the business has taken a hit. [Nick] Growing competition in the neighborhood is leaving them severely overlooked. They've been left stuck in the past. If they can't find a way to compete quickly, they will fail. [Karin] Owners Matjaz and Ksenja and their son, Luka, feel a makeover is long overdue, except they don't want to completely lose the restaurant's old-world charm. [Dennis] Žmauc has been coasting on the reputation as the late-night spot with a relaxed vibe, but their menu needs to be kicked up a notch if they want to stay relevant. Pulling up to the restaurant, you immediately notice the cool artwork. You notice the patio. It's got a little bit of a street vibe. [Nick] There's this cafe-bar-type situation. [Dennis] And then you walk down a corridor into the restaurant and the vibe changes instantly. [Karin] It's simple and it feels definitely European. [Dennis] There's arches everywhere. It doesn't feel like a restaurant in and of itself, other than there's a bar and some tables, but it needs a little love. - [Nick] Hey. - [indistinct] Luka, nice to meet you. So, I'm really happy to have you here in Slovenia, in the most beautiful country in Europe or in the world. I kind of thought these guys are super cool. They're super chic, super European. They're a little hippie. [Karin] I'm trying to feel the owners out. What are they like? Are they excited we're about to do a transformation? Or are they nervous that we're gonna take it over and change it to something they don't want? Žmauc, it was my grandfather's place but, basically, we got it back in 1995, after de-nationalization. Because in Ljubljana, before, the restaurants were mostly in hands of the state. You didn't have these private-hand bars. So, we were like the first ones to have imported draft beer. So, it was totally different stuff. [Matjaz] We're in this business 23 years. It's like our child, you know? Like our second child, yeah. One is Luka and the other one is this restaurant. We own the whole ground floor of this building, where we have bar and restaurant connected. The plan for the future is to maybe let this business to Luka, to our son, but we are still in the game, and we just don't want to leave him alone in this. Lately, the business is not going as good as we want it, so we hope that the place could be much better than now. We will help him as much as we can. We just love our restaurant, but now we need some new direction. And I think that you just came in the perfect time for us to make something newer. - [Karin] Oh! - Serving the soup now. [chuckles] - [Karin] Wow! - [Luka] And then, the boys. Slovenian kitchen, at its best. [laughs] - Definitely. - [Nick] Perfect. Perfect. [Luka] It's pumpkin soup from northern part of Slovenia called muškatna buča. When we sat down at the table, I was pretty surprised. Honestly, the food was pretty elevated. The restaurant itself, not so elevated. Did the restaurant always look like this? Actually, we just got the restaurant pretty much in this shape. We were renting it for one year, and then we bought the place. We got a bank loan. We got into some problems, and now we're pretty much struggling now, but-- - No, we are good. We are the best. - Yeah. No, no struggling. - We are the best. - [Matjaz] We are good, yeah. So, let's go for the food and show them what we have here. [Nick] Luka is having a tough time admitting they're struggling, but you have to face facts in the restaurant business. You always have to stay one step ahead of the competition and take your vision to the next level. This is the sea bass, and they're also the flowers from my mother's that she's picking up from our garden, so you can eat it all. [Dennis] Apparently, the menu changes all the time. But without consistent dishes, you don't build a strong identity. And that's how the restaurant will stand out amongst the competition. So, the flowers, you foraged these? You picked these yourself? Yes, yes. My passion. - [Karin] It's your passion. - Yeah. Is foraging a big part of Slovenian culture? Oh, yes. The moment that Ksenja said she was interested in foraging and that's a huge part of her life, I was excited, so I knew that that had to be a part of the dishes that we created, but beyond that, the biggest thing that is lacking right now is consistency. What's the demographic? Who's coming here? We are in this university area, so a lot of teachers-- - [Matjaz] Open-minded people. - Open... Creative-minded people. [Matjaz] Creative, like actors. On Tuesday, we have these size bites. On Thursday, we have, like, jazz or funk. On Fridays, we have DJs. Their heart, their soul, everything's in this business. But sometimes, when you're facing competition, you try a bunch of different things to bring in guests, but that's also how you can lose focus, and it'll show in the food, the decor, and the overall vibe. [Luka] That's our main dish. Roast beef. Here's also white asparagus and two different sauces. Welcome here. Bon appétit. [chuckles] - Beautiful. - [Luka] That's it. [Karin] I have to say, I'm really interested in this orange wine. I've had rose, cabernet, sauvignon blanc, every color wine you could possibly imagine, but I've never had orange wine. [Matjaz] It's made from red wine or even white wine, just you macerate a little bit more than usually. [Nick] How important is this space to you guys? [Matjaz] We are all three in this business, so we don't have any other jobs. So, it's pretty important. We breathe with this place. You know what? He and she, the heart, they put it in this restaurant, you can feel it in the food, you can feel it in the wine, you can feel it in the water. We want to prolong this and make something out of this place. - It is such an interesting space. - [Matjaz] Yeah. Such an interesting space, and there's so many things about this room that I really, really love. But you know that I want to come and add to it. Yeah, we know that. We are really excited about it. [Karin] The cool thing about this restaurant, it's a place you can have a late-night dinner, and they throw parties here. I mean, it's got a vibe that it's a late-night place. So, what this really needs to be is a really awesome supper club. So, let's make this happen. For us, it's life. For us, it's so important to have you here, guys. And thank you very much. [Nick] I've come here, down to the heart of Ljubljana, to go over the online reviews with the family from Žmauc. - [Nick] Thank you. - [Luka] Thank you. [Nick] I wanted to pick a peaceful environment in this time of the day where we're able to go through some things that aren't as pleasant. And it's online reviews of your business. - And you brought them? - [Nick] And I brought them, of course. [Luka] Yeah, nice. But only the good ones, yeah? [laughs] Only the good ones. The first one I wanted to touch on was, "Forty minutes waiting for a burger and still not there. After 41 minutes, we left." - How do you feel about that? - Yeah, not very good, but-- To be left alone is a terrible feeling, as a guest. If food is late making it to the table, you and your staff need to be on top of it, and apologize in the moment. - It's all about the guest experience. - Definitely. The reviews are online for everyone to see and it's a way that everyone judges businesses nowadays. Before they even go into places nowadays, they're going online. For instance, "The staff was very friendly. Food was okay, but I cannot get over the fact that this place is somehow stuck in the past." [Matjaz] "Stuck in the past." We are not stuck in the past, you know? That is a bad review. [laughs] - Maybe he's crazy, or something like that. - [Luka laughs] But he could also be true because we had better times. That's true. We are of 23 years on the market in this business, and we were 23 years younger with more energy, - but we are still trying to do our best. - Very energetic. Yeah, definitely. [Nick] I think one of the most beautiful things about your space is that it is an old place. Our main goal here is putting a modern spin on a classic. - Do you agree with that? - Yeah, definitely. We can still be stuck in the past in some areas, but I think we need some... push. Push, push, push. If we can just put these reviews in the past - and move forward into the future... - Move on. - Yeah. Cheers. - Let's go. Cheers. [speaks Slovene] [Nick] It's great to respect your roots, but the restaurant business is too tough to sit stagnant. You've gotta move with the times and stay relevant. Žmauc needs something unique to help them stand out among the countless new restaurants that have popped up in Ljubljana. I have a great idea to help them make that happen. [Karin] So, my goal today is to get the lay of the land. It's not a huge space but it's old. That's a challenge. I know that they've got a nightlife scene going here, so, really, I see my job is just taking it to the next level, making this restaurant better. Overall, it's an old space without a strong design focus. It even looks like a bedroom in some spots, which is not the right mood. Finding a way to accentuate the old, yet interesting architecture here will be a good start. [Dennis] Slovenia is essentially covered in forest. Most of it is forest. Eating at Žmauc and really talking to Ksenja about her passion for foraging, I was really inspired. This is a culture that celebrates that across the board. So today, I'm hooking up with Bine Volčič. He's a chef here in Slovenia. He even hosts MasterChef here. So, he knows food. And we're also going to hang out with his foraging mentor, Katja. This forest is amazing. I feel like I'm in a dream a little bit. - What are we hoping to find today? - [Bine] I think we'll find some ramsons. There is also one interesting plant. It's called a dropping bittercress. - [Dennis] I hope we find it. - [Katja] It's here. - [Bine] It's everywhere. - [Katja] Yeah. It's all edible. It's beautiful. There's a little bit of spiciness, a little bit of mustard, a little bit of citrus. I feel like on there just if you added lemon zest or something just very, very gently. This is aposeris. This one tastes exactly like raw potato. That's amazing. What do you use that with? [Bine] I usually use it with octopus. Grilled octopus with baked potatoes, but I make it in a more modern way. - Yeah, it's a modern spin on a classic. - Yeah. That's beautiful. I can think of a million ways to use that. - What is this? - [Katja] A meadow sweet. It's like a raw almond with the skin on. If you taste it, it really brings you something special. You're right, it tastes exactly like an almond with the skin on. Yeah. These leaves are really young, but later has flowers. And these flowers, if you infuse it into cream and milk and put some sugar inside and you cook it a little bit and wait, the whole cream has, like, amaretto almond milk. He knows about his country and his backyard. He wants to celebrate ingredients and make them taste delicious. [Bine] You can survive in forest. You just need fire and water and that's it. - So, you know what this is? - No, what is it? - This is a dormouse. - [Dennis] Ah! Tail and all. [Bine] Yeah, everything and head. When Chef Bine pulled out the dormouse, honestly, at first, I thought... I don't know how this is gonna go. I'm an adventurous eater. But I would be lying if I said this wasn't a little bit of a Fear Factor moment. If you said to me ten years ago that I would be in Slovenia in the forest eating a rat, would not have believed you. - It's not a rat. - But I'm really excited. - It looks like a rat, but it's not. - [Dennis] It's not. It's a dormouse. It lives in a forest. And you have to eat it with your hands. [Dennis] Eating dormice is not a fad. People have been trapping and eating them since medieval times in Slovenia. Not only were they sources of protein, the fat had medicinal properties. And we will eat it with polenta, and that will be really foresty dish. I don't know how to describe, but it's amazing. So, all these herbs we will mix with polenta. - Are you ready? - [Dennis] Yeah. Absolutely. And maybe a little bit of flowers. - [Dennis] Always. - [Katja chuckles] And bite it, like this. Mmm. Oh, my God. Wow! The dormouse itself had a little of a chicken flavor. Everyone says everything tastes like chicken, but it was very gamey. There was a little bit of deer in there. It was unique. You have to get beyond the head thing, a little bit, you know? The most joyful thing is how to eat it with the bones and all. Mmm. And the polenta with the herbs. Mmm. And the polenta's packed full of all of those foraged herbs we found. It was so fragrant and delicious and light. All of those herbs mixed together, it does taste like the forest. This is the most authentic place. Nature is always the finest cook, actually. [Dennis] Katja said it best. Nature is our finest cook, and Slovenians know that better than anyone. Anytime I travel anywhere in the world, I wanna do justice to that food and that food culture. I hope that I'm going to bring dishes to the restaurant that are going to celebrate Slovenia. Although I won't be bringing any dormice into Žmauc, these foraged herbs are amazing, and different types are available all year round. I'm leaving here full, just flooded with inspiration to come up with a dish that's sure to get this restaurant on the right track. [Karin] I'm looking for inspiration to bring Žmauc's supper club that wow factor. And what's more "wow" than a castle? I don't know anything about this castle other than it's built on the side of a mountain. Sergeja is a castle historian, and she knows all about its origins. This is incredible, behind us. Can you tell me a little bit or a lot about this castle? Well, its name says a lot about it. The name is Predjama, which means "in front of the cave." And it was built in front of a cave to make it as safe as possible. It was impossible to get in. [Karin] But nowadays, getting into the castle is a lot easier. And there's so many different elements to look at. You've got this cave. It's dark, it's moist, it's wet, and it's so interesting to look at, too, the texture of the stone. Even though this is mold, I really love the way that this looks, this natural patina over time and the weathering. You don't know when inspiration is gonna happen. It just happens. So, we're entering the cave part of the castle. [Karin] You're in a space where there's a cave attached to a living space. I mean, that's crazy. And then it opens up into bigger spaces with a lot of light. All of that creates a sense of drama and a sense of theater. It feels really intimate and I'm connecting the dots. I've got these curved ceilings in the restaurant. It's almost got this cave-like structure. Wouldn't it be cool if the restaurant was dark and had the feeling of a cave? Maybe I can do a modern cave. [Nick] When I was sitting at dinner at Žmauc, I got really inspired when I was poured this orange wine. So I decided to travel out of Ljubljana to Goče, the oldest wine village in Slovenia. It's situated perfectly in a valley surrounded by mountains. It produces some of the best wine in the country, including orange wine, which actually has nothing to do with oranges. When you're walking down these little alleyways, you just want to constantly take little twists and turns and get lost. What I hope I'm going to find is the best orange wine produced on this planet. And I really wanna figure out how I can incorporate it into Žmauc. Miha, this village is gorgeous. - Tell me more about this wine region. - Well, of course, for the orange wine, it's necessary that you have a very healthy grape. And here you realize that it's always a little bit windy. This is perfect for growing orange wine, because... [Nick] The mountains bring the right amount of wind over the hills. The wind protects the grapes from getting mildew, and the soil has the right amount of minerals. All those conditions come together to make it the perfect location for wine production. - And here we are. This is the wine cellar. - Ah! This is my pride and joy. - Let's do it. Let's go in. - Let's go. [Nick] I would be lying if I told you I didn't have butterflies in my stomach, with excitement, with what was behind that door. [Karin] The castle gave me the cave concept, but the owners of Žmauc said that creative people are already attracted to the restaurant. So I wanna make sure the design reflects Ljubljana's artistic soul. This place is Metelkova. It's known as an alternative cultural zone. I mean, street culture in Ljubljana? This is definitely where it's happening. It used to be the old army barracks, and when Slovenia gained independence, artists and activists took it over. When the government wanted to tear it down and commercialize the area, artists like Tina fought back. Tina's been working here for years, and her paintings are all over this place. She's done murals. She's painted the buildings. She makes lighting. I'm really excited to get into her studio, because I think it's gonna be pretty interesting. I will show you my biggest mural. I want to tell with a painting that big fishes are eating little fishes, and the jellyfishes are smaller, but they are very poison, so be aware. - [Karin] It's really a social commentary. - [Tina] Yeah. - [Karin] That's what you're doing. - [Tina] Yeah. My art is always a little social critical. I became a mural painter because always I want to paint big paintings, but I don't have a room. Wow! Well, this is... pretty incredible how much stuff is going on in here. [Tina] Yeah, here is too much stuff. [Karin] This type of mosaic is on the front of the building as well. - [Tina] Yeah. - Did you do this? [Tina] Yeah, because in the beginning of Metelkova, the mayor, he decided that he will destroy... Metelkova cannot be. And they attacked this building. And we decided that we will fight with art. So the outside of the building was an attempt to fill the holes? [Tina] Yeah. [Karin] I like what you were saying about how the artists have taken building materials and found objects and broken them and reused them to really beautify a building that had been initially destroyed. It seems like there's a lot of expression, and a lot of this desire to sort of speak out. I like that idea because that's what art is. It's taking the old and reinventing it and making it new. You're always making a commentary on something. [bees buzzing] [Dennis] The story of Slovenia includes honey. Honey is part of the culture here, so they obviously have a long tradition of using honey in their diet. The menu at Žmauc already focuses on fresh ingredients done in a traditional way. But I want to take tradition and put a modern spin on it. Danijela and Blaž are beekeeping experts, and we are in a picture-perfect location to figure out how I can use honey with a new twist. Slovenia, it's a different country when it comes to bees. Our hives open from the back, and that's why they can be stuck next to each other, like this. I suggest now that we open now one of our specialties. [Dennis] Sure. [Blaž] The Carniolan bee which homeland is here. Wow! I think most people would think if you got that close to a bee with your hand, you would immediately get stung. [Blaž] Bees are like this. Uh, if we would now shake the hive, we would have a problem. Every third spoon which we eat is because of these small animals. [Dennis] One out of every three bites that we put in our mouths is based on bees. Bees pollinating the plants, bees ensuring that we have great vegetables. That's staggering. We need to prioritize bees or we're not going to have any food. This looks awesome. So, these are all different kinds of honey? [Danijela] Yes. So, in Slovenia, we have a lot of different sorts of honeys. - So, this one is linden. - [Dennis] The linden. Honey is special because the flavor comes from the plants the bees are collecting nectar from. - That's beautiful. - Yeah. - About after four seconds... - [Danijela] It goes. ...all the crystals went away and that citrus started to come out. - And this is the spruce. - [Danijela] Mmm-hmm. This one is more stronger. Has like, um... burning caramel. - That tastes like caramel to me. - [Danijela] Yeah. But it only happened once you just let it sit. The story of Slovenia includes honey. I have loved honey my whole life. This is a taste test dream come true. But I don't know if I've ever tasted honey that tasted like this. I think the reason is because the farmers here care not just about the honey product and not about the end dollar that they get from it. They care about the bees. They care what the bees are doing, they want to give them good lives, and they want to make sure that you can taste that in their products. And I am so inspired, because now, honey's not just honey anymore. Honey is a very unique ingredient, and it can be celebrated and it can be the star of the show in a dish. [Nick] Dropping down into the cellar was like walking into a wine heaven. You immediately smell these oak barrels that have different types of wine in them. He had charcuterie that he had cured himself. Candles are lit. - This is where the magic happens. - This is where the magic happens. I'm starting to notice also you have a limited production, and not only that, there's not too much exporting. You guys are drinking it all yourselves. You guys like to drink. - Yeah, Slovenians like to drink. - [laughs] You can see even the orange wine here, I only have it in two barrels, so altogether the production, it's 1,000 liters. What do you think? Is it time? - Orange wine? - Yeah. I'm ready. [Nick] I can't tell you how happy I was when he finally opened that bottle. Orange wine is a type of white wine fermented with the grape skins. That's what gives it that orange color. Immediately, right on the nose, you get citrus notes. When I taste it, you get a little sourness in the back of your tongue, but the finish was absolutely smooth, perfect. It's a calm, easy-drinking wine on the palate. I'm getting little notes of citrus. You are right on the notch, because this is made out of rebula, which is a citrate wine. This wine is unlike any other wine I've ever had. And what makes it so special is the fact that it's a grape that is native to Slovenia. I've definitely found the best orange wine in all of Slovenia. I know this is something I wanna get incorporated back in Ljubljana, back into Žmauc. [both speaking Slovene] [Karin] Metelkova has given me real insight into Slovenia's cultural identity. It's really inspiring to see how art has transformed famous spaces. The former military prison has undergone one of the most radical re-designs. It's gone from jail to youth hostel. The head architect, Janko, oversaw the entire redesign. Architects are like artists, and their work helps influence the way we live. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. [Karin] I'm excited to understand how he approached this transformation, and what I can take away to apply to my own design with the restaurant. - This was the military prison. - Yes. - Okay. - And these are holes. - [Karin] Because of demolition. - [Janko] Yes. One there and one here. For our group, it was the main challenge how to transform the most closed space into the most open one for a new light. [Karin] This looks like an interesting... [Janko] This is the most historical connection. In the cellar are two dungeons. Oh, my goodness. [Janko] Here, the people will get rid of not only your freedom, but a light, too. It's pretty impactful to come down here. [Karin] When you're really physically standing in a dungeon that's dark where people were really captured and were put in solitude, there's sort of a really eerie, creepy feeling that runs through your whole body when you're standing there. [mimics explosion] This is prisoner corridor. We really didn't want to lose the basic structure of a prisoner corridor, so we have cells on the both sides. We didn't want to remove original bars. [Karin] Oh, interesting. - It's so warm, though, and inviting now. - Yes, that's true. Here is another one. This is original window and nobody who was in couldn't see the earth, just sky through the bars. So we added these little windows for the touch with the earth. This is a corner of peace. - [Karin] A corner of peace? - [Janko] Yes. [Karin] My big takeaway from Janko is he wanted to take something dark and make it light, completely change perspective and flip it on its head. Every aspect of this building has meaning. It's so special and so thoughtful and so... selfless. That's the point of design. It's about making the world a better place, and that's what he's done with this building, and I think that's why I'm getting emotional, 'cause I'm thinking, "Okay, what is it that I'm doing that's gonna have meaning in this restaurant?" That's-- That's my goal for the restaurant, is to take a space and transform it and make it better. Not just for the family who owns it, but for the people who come and visit it. I think there's just a higher purpose when it comes to design. [Dennis] When you come to a city, the best thing you can do is walk around, go to cafes, see people drinking wine, nice beers, enjoying food, the square is bustling. But one of the best parts is going to a local market. Slovenia is on the Adriatic. It's surrounded by Austria, Italy and Croatia, and all of these influences are right here. This market is happening. So much going on. There's all these vendors that are set up. You really get a sense of what people love to eat, and, honestly, what the community is like. I know this restaurant, they are having people come in, yeah, for dinner, yeah, for lunch, but, honestly, people are coming to drink. They're coming in for a party. They don't want an enormous dish. They want really quick and easy food 'cause they want to get their drink on. There's something pretty amazing about eating mussels in Slovenia. The mussels were incredibly fresh. Honestly, like, four, five ingredients, and you're done. Cheese and carbs are heaven on earth. Parmesan wheel, pasta on top of it, cream sauce. This dish, it's a rock star. It deserves to be on a menu. And obviously, once you've had a feed of mussels and pasta, there's nothing better than to top that off with a nice bratwurst. This is not your mom and dad's hot dog with ketchup on it. It was really beautiful, hand-held happiness. If the owners are trying to create a restaurant where people can come, relax, attend events and parties, they're going to want easy, light dishes for the customers to eat. The honey, the herbs, all that street food, it's all coming together in my head. Now, I've just gotta get cooking. Slovenia is one of Europe's hidden gems. [Nick] We've mined some of its secrets with amazing experiences. [Karin] Now we're meeting to talk strategy about how to take what we've learned and turn Žmauc into an amazing supper club. - It's so nice to see you guys. - So nice to see you. - We're in Europe. I can't believe it. - I know. I've been on the craziest adventures and I've had so much inspiration. I don't even know where to start. When the family talked about them having late-night dinners and having parties, and they bring in DJs and stuff like that, I felt like the vibe needs to be amped up. The restaurant, as you guys know, has a dome ceiling. It's really interesting. Because the restaurant right now is a little bit simple and all-white, you don't really get to see the architecture of the space that well. So, I went to go see the only castle in Europe that's built on the side of a cave. It would be really great to darken up the restaurant space, and really create a distinct cave-like feeling in the restaurant. - That'd be cool, right? - Yeah. The mom was talking about how she's a little bit of a botanist, and I found this great wallpaper company, PaperMint, out of France. I really wanna place it anywhere where there's distinct arches and a recess in the wall. You know how there's a little fireplace tucked in that corner? I need to do something new and fresh with it. So I did this incredible tour through Metelkova, and I got really inspired when I walked by this one wall that is just covered in mosaics. What I want to do is break these plates and teacups and create a mosaic over the top of this fireplace. And that space already has such a good structure, but I'm going to layer in vintage elements and modern elements. I'm just inspired to turn this restaurant completely upside down, and give it a new, fresh and modern look. Yeah, I love the idea of adding this kind of club vibe. Exactly. I feel like this is going to be the hottest supper club in Ljubljana. Yeah. We can't have a party without wine. And the last time we saw each other, we had a great meal, but we also discovered orange wine together. So, I wanted to get into it a little bit more, so I ventured out into the Goče wine region. The town of Goče dates back to the 14th century. So, it's this really cool, like, medieval kind of vibe, and there's over 70 cellars all throughout this village which are underground and they have these little hobbit doors. I hung out with this guy, Miha, and his family has been producing wine for a very long time. This is actually a wine that's not produced a lot, but Miha has really been able to keep up with the production of this, and I was actually able to strike a deal with him to be able to keep a consistent flow of the best orange wine you can possibly have at Žmauc. We found the best stuff to give to these guys. Every supper club needs a signature wine, don't you guys think? I love that, because right now they don't really have a thing that's driving people there. The food changes all the time, the vibe's not quite there. Why are people going? They're going to get orange wine. I love that. So we're talking a lot about stepping back in time. I actually went foraging in the forest. We were there with an expert, Katja, and a chef from here, Chef Bine. He's a MasterChef judge and he's got some restaurants, and, you know, he's a local rock star. We found so many little treasures. This is wild garlic. - [Nick] Mmm. - [Karin] Wow! Oh, yeah. [Dennis] We ended up cooking a dormouse with Chef Bine. - [Nick] A mouse? - A mouse. [laughs] But it actually tasted delicious, served over this polenta that was made with a mixture of all of these herbs together. So, the polenta, once you added these herbs, à la minute, right at the last minute, it tasted like everything we picked. And then I got to visit an apiary. [bees buzzing] One in three spoons that we put in our mouth is because of bees. And one in 200 people that live here keep bees. One in 200. So, hanging out with these experts, Blaž and Danijela, I learned so much more than I ever thought that I would learn about bees, and then Danijela had me do a taste test of the honey. And then I tried this little guy, and I want you guys to try it. Don't swallow it. Put it on your tongue. - This is so good! - [Dennis] So good, right? - [Karin] Yeah. - It's crazy how good it was. Obviously, honey needs to be a huge part of the menu, and this is a perfect honey to go with fish. I loved that polenta, so I'm going to do a version of the polenta with all of these soft herbs that we tried. I went to the market as well, so I tried beautiful mussels, amazing pasta from here. We had a great sausage 'cause we're in a sausage part of the world. All of the food being something that you can eat if you go out for drinks with friends and family. It's not gonna be heavy. You don't feel stuffy sitting down. It's not crazy fine dining, but it's really accessible, and something the restaurant's gonna pull off that really is gonna stick with the vibe, the wine. It's all gonna come together. [Karin] When this was coming together, I have to admit I was a little nervous about how dark the space is, and how big of a transformation we're doing here. Luka and his parents are passionate about their business, and although the restaurant has been around for years, competition was squeezing them out, and they were struggling with the best methods to keep pulling in business night after night. Now they've got all the ingredients for a great supper club that's gonna help them stand out from the crowd and bring in locals and tourists. They have no idea what changes we've made here, so I'm always really excited to see the reaction. [Ksenja laughs] Oh, my God. [chuckles] Something completely different. [all laughing] [Luka] I know. Crazy. We need it. [laughs] I need to process this thing, you know? - [Ksenja] So much more professional. - [Luka] Yeah. - Wow! Wow, wow! - [Ksenja] Wow! [Ksenja gasps and laughs] [Matjaz] The best. Hello! - [Matjaz] Hello, Karin. Great job. - [all laugh] - Hi. - Thank you so much. Oh, hi. - I hope you like it. - Oh, yeah. - Yeah? I see big smiles. - [Luka chuckles] Wait a second, do I see tears in your eyes? No? [laughs] Maybe a little. - Breathtaking. - [Karin] Yeah. Really breathtaking, that's why maybe you thought that it was... [chuckles] Well, I'm so happy that you like it. I'm so happy to see your smiles. - It's so different. - Amazing, amazing, it's amazing. Well, let me show you around. - I'll talk about some of the details. - Yeah, yeah. [Karin] As soon as I walked in here for the first time, it had a special soul to it, a special vibe. And I wanted to just use that as the jumping-off point and amp it up a little bit. So there's a mix of modern and vintage. We kept the floors the same, and we painted the whole restaurant dark. - The ceiling is a light pink. - [Matjaz] Yeah. [Karin] We've got two new chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. Because you love plants and flowers so much, we really wanted to incorporate some flowers into the space, so we've got this big, bold, modern wallpaper. When I was in Metelkova, I saw a beautiful wall of the broken mosaics. I'm sure you've seen it. And that was the inspiration for this fireplace. It was a really nice way to bring in something so special from the city and so artistic. And now the fireplace feels like such a focal point. I went and visited Predjama and I was really inspired by the caves, and it made me think of this restaurant. Because you have this amazing ceiling, it almost feels like a cave. So, that was the inspiration for painting it really dark. So I'm calling this-- It's almost like a modern, hip cave. - [Matjaz] Mmm-hmm. - [Luka laughs] Nice one. [Karin] Well, I'm so happy that you like the space. And more importantly, too, is that the locals really like it, people of Ljubljana. [Luka] I think everybody would love this place because every aspect of it has the soul, you know? - These lights. - Yes! [Matjaz] Before it was, like, a little bit messy, and some things were lying there and there. - And now it's really, like... - [Ksenja] Wow. - So, we're gonna do dinner tonight, right? - [Luka] Yeah. Have you been to the party here in Slovenia already? - [Karin] Never. No. - Never? We're going to bring some good DJ with proper Slovenian, Yugoslavian music, and we'll dance. Yeah, we're gonna throw one good party. Okay, I can't wait. I can't wait. I'm so happy that you're happy. What's up, everybody? Oh! Look at this. - [Luka] What? - [Matjaz] Looks great. - [Luka] Beautiful. - [Ksenja] Whoa. [Dennis] When we got here, honestly, the food was well on its way to being great. I just repositioned the menu to take advantage of the amazing local ingredients you can find in the market and the forest. So, these are mussels that are made with orange wine, lots of butter, garlic and shallots, and a beautiful herbed vinaigrette on top. So, we've got my version of Ljubljana mussels here. We've got a polenta dish packed full of herbs that we picked. So we've got some honey trout on top of that, some fennel, and then extra little flowers on top, because I know you love flowers. Last but not least, the pièce de résistance, we've got some pasta in a parm wheel mixed into some dandelion greens, some raw asparagus, and, of course a lot of foraged greens in this as well, and it's vegetarian. Let's eat. These dishes are great for a late-night supper club. People love to come here and they have a couple drinks, so it's not food you feel like you have to put a suit jacket on. You can come, listen to some good music, have drinks with friends, and have a really great time. Yeah, the tastes are incredible. Really. Every plate with polenta brings you back, you know? - like childhood memories. - A hundred percent. Awesome. Nice. Really nice. There's a table between us or I'd give you a hug right now, - 'cause that makes me very happy. - [all laughing] [Dennis] Awesome. But you know what is missing on this table, guys? It's a little bit of wine. I was very inspired by the orange wine, and I went out to the oldest wine village, the Goče wine village. And I sought out the best orange wine that I could possibly find. And I found it for you guys. Even though orange wine is something that's very common around here, we have a direct connection between the Goče wine village and we have that connection into Ljubljana here in Žmauc, all right? This'll be the only place people are going to be able to get it, and it's going to be a house wine that's special for you guys. So here's to you and your family. You guys are beautiful people. - To us. - Here's to us. Cheers and thank you. I think we'll never forget you. How cool is it to have dinner in your new space? This new vision of everything, I think-- - [Karin] Feels good, right? - We're on the right path, so... - [Karin] Really? - Definitely. - Good, good. - [Luka] Yeah. So... Tonight, we're going to have here a great party, - and we're gonna dance on it, you know? - [all laugh] - [Luka] Let's party. Let's go. - [Karin] Let's party. [all laugh] [Dennis] This country celebrates deliciousness, and I got to introduce ingredients to this menu that are so delicious. People get to come here every single night to this restaurant and eat these ingredients. I am equal parts jealous and excited that we got to kill it here at the restaurant, using ingredients that are just next level. [Nick] Overall, I couldn't be happier with the result. From the decor to the food, to the vibe, and the wine that's flowing. I mean, I was just blown away. [Karin] It's got a really moody vibe. It feels sexy, but it's modern, and it's got all of these European touches, which is what makes it so great, but it's so different. So I feel this is a huge transformation, not just for the owners, but for the city. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 