Outmatched: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Outmatched 
 s1e4 - Bullying - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Outmatched (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Bullying - full transcript 
 Mike and Kay look into a charter school for Marc, after he is brought into the principal's office for bullying his teacher. However, Kay fears Marc's chances of getting accepted might be ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Well, we did it.  It took three geniuses   and 16 years,  but we finally got our first  call to the principal's office.  Mm.  Being here   really brings back memories.  I almost feel   like that class-skipping,  whippet-doing 16-year-old again. Yeah. Now you're   just the work-skipping,  whippet-doing mom   of a boy who gets bullied.  (chuckles softly)   Honestly, I'm surprised  it took Marc this long   to get picked on.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I mean,   he's a weird, gifted kid  in an Atlantic City   public school.  I wonder   what finally did him in?  Oh. Could have been   a hundred things.  I mean, he says,   "Good morrow."  He's a vocal advocate   for thyroid health.  He runs like his arms are trying  to get away from his torso.  Yes. Yes.  Mr. and Mrs. Bennett?  Oh, my God.   Sweetie, are you okay?  Who did this to you?   Just give me a name.  Kids fall off the jungle gym   all the time.  No, I think   you both misunderstood.  Marc wasn't the victim.   He was the bully.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No. No, that can't be right.  I mean,   Marc couldn't hurt anybody.  Last night, he got trapped   under his weighted blanket.  Technically,   it was just a top sheet.  Marc didn't use his fists.  He has a way of making people   who aren't as bright as him  feel inferior.  Sweetie, you can't make fun   of other kids  because they're not   as smart as you.  Actually,   the victim wasn't a student.  You didn't tell me   he was going to be here.  -Marc bullied his teacher?   -No.  I simply correct him   when he is wrong.  Which is all the time.  (sighs)  He has repeatedly undermined me. I've lost the respect   of the whole class.  You lost that yourself when  you said you went to Dartmouth.  It's an Ivy!  Sweetie, you can't treat   your teacher like this.  You have to apologize.  All I did was tell the truth.  Apologizing would be lying.  Connie, you promised   you'd make him stop.  Connie can't help you now.  ? ?  I can't believe   Marc bullied his teacher.  Brains and cruelty?  I may have finally found   a running mate.  I talked to him about it;  he wasn't trying to be a bully.  I think he's just acting out   because he's bored  and not being challenged   at school.  You know, you guys acted out,   too, but in different ways.  Like when you grew human ears   on the backs of mice  so you could "play God."  Funny story,  most of those mice went insane.  This is a problem.  I don't know how we can keep   sending Marc to that school.  So, send him to ours.  They'll accept anyone   related to me sight unseen.  We can't afford a third kid   in private school.  Money doesn't just grow on the  backs of mice like ears, Nicole. If he's bored, can't you just   skip him a few grades  so he'll be more challenged?  Oh, he is not emotionally   mature enough for that.  And how's he gonna   reach the urinals?  I guess he could stand back   and arc it.  What about sending Marc   to Marlboro Charter?  They have a gifted program.  Jason Berger went there  after our school kicked him out  for using the robotics lab   to build a girlfriend.  Oh, we have dinner with them   on the 24th  to celebrate their anniversary.  What's Marlboro Charter?   Sounds expensive.  No, it's free.  It's like a public school   with a specialized...  He stopped listening   after "free."  I stopped listening after  you said you have a dinner date  with a pervert   and his robot girlfriend.  From what he says,   she's the pervert.  And we think Marlboro Charter's   gifted program  would be perfect for Marc.  He wrote his first concerto   when he was four  and then self-published   a magazine  that gave it a rave review.  Well, it's quite impressive.  And while my little   academic sandbox  is open to all qualified   children in the district,  I'm concerned about   Marc's history of bullying.  I understand.  But that was just   a one-time thing.  The class is a little slow   for him,  so he's bored and acting out.  Interesting.   "He's bored and acting out."  Tell me, was that also   your excuse  back when you bullied me?  Uh... I'm sorry, when I...?  I could tell   you didn't recognize me.  Ventnor High,   we graduated together?  Oh, my God!   Yes, yes, of course.  Dr. Walker. How are you?  You were the architect  of the most humiliating moment   of my life.  Well, how have you been   since then?  I can't believe Marc's bullying   was a one-time thing.  The apple rarely falls   far from the tree.  Are you kidding me?  That apple fell so far   from the tree,  I wouldn't believe   it's our apple  if I didn't see the tree   push it out with my own eyes.  Marlboro appreciates   your interest.  I'll pass Marc's application   on to my colleague.  Well, thank you both   for your time.  Well, there goes any shot   of getting into Marlboro.  That guy really hates you.  I mean, that shredder   was brand-new.  I feel like he bought it   just for that meeting.  I don't even know   what he was talking about.  I wasn't a bully in high school. I played a few pranks.  I was voted class clown.  Sure, but clowns   aren't always funny.  I mean, the most popular ones   terrorize Gotham  or live in the sewer   and eat children.  Hey.  How did it go at the school?  Uh, great, buddy. Yeah.   We-we should hear soon.  I'm hopeful it works out.  Did you see that?  I've never seen him   that amped up about anything.  Yeah.  I know.  I got to fix things with Walker. So we'll-we'll just call him   and apologize.  That's perfect.  Except for I have no idea  who he is or what I did to him.  I got to figure this out.  Someone has to remember him.  I don't remember him.  Wait. Was this the guy  you stapled into   the mascot outfit?  -No, that was John Norwood.   -Oh.  What about the dude   whose deodorant  you switched for spray glue?  Ryan Farley.  And how was I supposed to know  he sprayed deodorant down there? Who does that?  -What?   -(scoffs) No one.  That's crazy.  Okay, okay... Oh! What was   the name of the flat-assed guy  you shoved into the locker   during homecoming?  Oh-oh-oh, oh.   Uh, uh, his name was Mike.  (clears throat)   Mike Bennett. She married him.  (chuckles)  You know, the more we talk   about all the stuff I did,  it sounds more mean than fun.  Was I just a bully   in high school?  No... no, babe.  You just-- you did some...  cruel things at the expense   of other people's confidence  in their white jean collection.  Wow, Mike.   You found the only thing  that a white guy   can't get away with.  So Walker was right.  I am the jerk tree,  and Marc is the apple   that didn't fall far from me.  Maybe you were a tree   on the jerky side,  but you're   a different person now.  Pancake-Ass is right.  Why don't you just show this   Walker guy that you changed.  Uh, invite him over   for dinner or something.  Yeah, or do what you did to us:  invite him over for beer   and pizza,  and then talk about stuff   he can't even contribute to  because he went to   a different high school, Kay!  All right, you know what?   Let's give it a try.  We'll roll out the red carpet.  Oh! Was Walker the guy   you rolled in that carpet?  MIKE:   No-no-no-no-no.  Uh, buh-buh-buh-buh, also me.  Walker just e-mailed back.  He is in for dinner tomorrow.  But he said his "girlfriend"   can't make it.  Weirdly, he's the one  who put "girlfriend" in quotes.  Great. Did he mention   any food allergies?  'Cause we throw a couple nuts   in his salad,  next thing you know,   we're saving his life  and he owes us.  -Ha!   -Oh. Hey, buddy.  What did we say about you   and lurking?  Don't get caught.  Maybe now's a good time   to talk to your apple.  Hey, sweetie.  Here. Sit.  You know,  I've been thinking   about all the stuff I did  when I was in school,   and you know what I realized?  It is never okay to bully.  -Well, actually...   -I hate when they start   sentences like that.  I recently read an article   that I wrote  that highlights   the sociopolitical benefits  of diminishing the weakest   among us.  From an evolutionary standpoint, ineptitude should be ridiculed,  as to discourage that trait   from the species.  Does everything have to be   a nature documentary?  Just be kind to people,  even if they're dumber than you. So, based on that premise,  I should be extra nice to Brian. What a beautiful sentiment   from my brilliant  and symmetrically-featured   sister.  In case your lackluster   intelligence isn't following,  it is I who am   being nice because...  because of what Mom said.  Interesting.  They're being nice to be mean.  -No, no-no-no-no-no,   don't learn this.   -MIKE: Guys,  niceness is not a weapon, okay?  It makes the world   a better place,  and also, it's a great way   to hedge your bet  in case there really is   a heaven.  So just put your egos aside   and-and just,  you know... be good.  Forever.  Yes!  Definitely forever.   But especially tomorrow.  Because Marc's academic life   hangs in the balance,  and we have to prove  that we are a warm,   loving family,  and not just a bunch of bullies. Hey, Dad, can I borrow   your hammer?  My imaginary friend   needs to be taught a lesson.  Hey, what do you think?  Pretty clean, right?  I mean, I had to   drill the closet door shut  'cause it wouldn't stay.   But that's for tomorrow us.  Nice. Look what I got.  Nothing says "warm, kind home"   like a welcome mat.  Good news, it was on sale.  Bad news, it says   "Welcome to our ho ho home."  That's perfect. He's gonna think we're year-round   Christmas people.  Those freaks   are nice to a fault.  BRIAN:   Mom,  your deceitful daughter   plagiarized  my look for the night.  Plagiarized? You took that   turtleneck out of my drawer.  What happened to you two   out-nice'ing each other?  That tiresome charade   ran its course.  Yeah, it got weird when Nicole   tried to draw me a bath.  Okay, Walker is going to be here  any minute.  I don't have time   for your your fighting  and competing right now.  Nicole gets the turtleneck,   Brian gets the khakis,  no one gets a bath.  Why can't they ever   just make anything easy?  Isn't it obvious?  I was a bully, and now  I'm raising an army of bullies.  Well, I don't know   about an army.  I'd say maybe   an elite task force.  I was just worried about Marc,   but it's all of them.  It's like my mean DNA   combined with their brains  makes them   bullying supersoldiers.  Well, we can't count on  the kids, so it's just gonna be  up to us tonight to make sure   that-that we're nice.  Okay, you know you're already,   like, professionally nice,  so you're just saying that   to remind me.  -What?   -Do you not think I'm nice?  Yeah, of course   you're nice, babe.  Yeah-- I'm just, I'm saying,  you know, it never hurts to, uh, -be more nice.   -What the hell is more nice?  -Not this.   -(doorbell rings)  Great.  Now I'm all in my head   about "more nice."  You know, I'm gonna "more nice"   your head right up your...  (gasps)   Hey, you!  Get in here.  -I'm a hugger.   -Oh.  Careful, I have a soft spine.  This is a very quaint home.  Shoes on, I assume.  Dr. Walker,   thank you for coming.  We're sorry your girlfriend   couldn't make it.  Ah. Yes, well, actually,   we broke up.  My decision.  And don't try calling her;   she doesn't have a phone.  Please come in. Let me   introduce you to the family.  Um, t-this here is Leila.  And of course, this is Marc--  come here, buddy--   the man of the hour.  -Enchant?, Marc.   -Enchant?, aussi.  Oh, French.   (chuckles)  The language of France.  Okay.   (clears throat, chuckles)  KAY:   And these are our other two  gifted children   Brian and Nicole.  -Enchant?.   -Enchant?.  -Enchant?.   -Enchant?.   -NICOLE: Actually,  I think you can help us.  My brother and I were having   an intellectual debate.  Is there any other kind?   (laughs)  How droll.  As an academic evaluator,   you are uniquely qualified  to settle something for us.  Uh, we don't need   to bother Dr. Walker with...  We could show you   our r?sum?s, drone on  about our commendations, but   let's dismiss the formalities.  You've seen enough.  Decide: who is drawing   whom a bath?  Come again?  Who is drawing whom...  (laughs): Okay.   Why don't, why don't we, uh,  go upstairs and, uh, and change   our clothes... (clears throat)  ...and our personalities?  Okay. So the kids   enchant?d the bed.  I think it's time to pull the   trigger and say you're sorry.  (whispers): Ah, yeah. There's   one problem-- same problem--  -I don't remember him.   -Right.  Okay. Okay, I-I got this.   (clears throat)  So, Dr. Walker,   tell me about yourself.  D-Did you play any sports   in high school?  (chuckles)   No, I was not a sporting man.  The only team I cheered for   was the team of physicians  trying to rectify   my calcium deficiency.  I drank an obscene amount   of milk.  Cool, cool. That seems like   a memorable characteristic,  just a sick dude   chugging milk all the time?  What is this?  No, no, no.   Uh, we're-we're not...  I had my reservations   about tonight.  Now I see you brought me here   only to mock me.  My girlfriend was right.   I shouldn't have come.  I thought you broke up.  This is a new one.  She also has no phone.   I should be going.  No-- Dr. Walker, wait.  I realize now that I was not   a good person in high school.  I feel terrible about the things  I did back then,  and I wish I could apologize  for what I did to you.  But the truth is, I don't   even remember what it was.  Well, I appreciate your candor.  I wish it were only   so easy for me  to forget about   that election speech.  Election speech.  You're Andy Walker.  (high-pitched):   And I owe you an apology.  (regular voice):   Oh.  Would you, um...  excuse me?  Uh, I'm just gonna go help her   for a minute.  (clears throat)  -What is going on?   -I remember Walker.  Senior year, right before   his student council speech,  I slipped a bottle of laxatives   into his prescription soup.  Walker was the kid that dumped   out in front of the school.  I remember that.  They had to replace   the whole stage.  But this is great.   Now you can really apologize.  No, I can't. I will never ever   apologize to that guy.  Well, drink up.  Usually after the second glass,  you're more up to try things   you first said no to.  -Why won't you tell this guy   you're sorry?   -Look,  I feel bad about a lot of stuff   I did back then, but not that.  That was not bullying,  it was standing up for a friend. My only regret  is I didn't use more laxatives.  But I needed to fit   into my prom dress.  -But again...   -The guy was a huge creep.  He had a crush on my friend   Heather, and she just  didn't like him back, so he lied  about her cheating off him  and got her kicked   out of school.  Whoa, that guy did that?  Okay, they might get   the bullying from me,  but they get   the lurking from you.  Yes.  Your mom needs to say   she's sorry to this guy.  But it sounds   like she was right.  She shouldn't have to apologize. Ugh, I have to be a parent   right now, don't I?  Your dad has a point.  What I did was wrong,   and it is never okay  to treat someone like that.  So I should own up to it.  (whispers): Even though I was   right and I don't want to.  And then Neil deGrasse Tyson   said, "Give me some time."  And I said, "What is time?"   and, oh, did we laugh.  Well, I laughed.  He was very far away.  Can I go to bed?  Dr. Walker, I just want to  finish what I was saying before. Oh.  KAY:   I am...  sorry for what I did to you.  It was, uh...  Cruel, childish and unjustified? Those are three things.  And for whatever reasons I  thought I had, I see now that... You did it because   you were jealous  of my success and intelligence.  The important thing   is that Marc is a great kid.  All of my kids are great kids,  and I have done my best to set  a good example for all of them.  Well, at least you have   the self-awareness  to make yourself a cautionary   tale for your children.  Though you must   appreciate the irony.  You, once so powerful   and popular, now reduced  to working at a second-rate   casino, pleading for my help  like a squirrel trapped   in a garden rake.  Okay. Okay, ho--   That is my squirrel.  -Mike, it's fine.   -It is fine.  I graciously accept   your apology.  Justice has been served.  All is right in the world.  You're a dick.  -Leila.   -NICOLE: She's right.  No one can talk   to our mother like that.  Especially not some   pedantic pseudo-intellectual.  Pseudo? I have an IQ of 135.  (both laugh)  I can't believe   you'd admit that.  So, you're just a whole family   full of bullies.  I guess some things   never change.  You should know.  Becoming an educator   is a transparent attempt  to wield power in an environment where you once felt so impotent. What know you of my impotence?  Your words mean nothing.  "Let them speak lewdly of me,   what am I the worse?"  -Sir Thomas More.   -(scoffs)  More like Sir Thomas Snore.  (both laugh)  I'll be going.  Marc, it seems like you're the   only decent one of the bunch.  Wait.  (whispering indistinctly)  (crying softly)  Sir Thomas More   was a damned fool.  (door opens, closes)  What did you say to him?  Just enough.  Again, I am so sorry for all   of the mean things I said  and did to you in high school.  Thanks. It was nice   talking to you, too.  Jerry Weenus accepted   my apology.  Another burned bridge rebuilt--  -And what are you wearing?   -Oh. These?  Well, I figured,   now that we are officially  a bully-free ho ho home,   I am free to be me.  And I can't say   anything about it.  No, you cannot.  You just got to watch me walk.   (chuckles)  Okay, the jeans don't want   to sit. (clears throat)  Announcing entrance.  Sweetie, we are so sorry   about Marlboro.  But don't worry, we are gonna   come up with another plan.  It's okay. I'm going   to apologize to my teacher.  -You are?  -If you could be nice to a jerk  like Dr. Walker for me, I can   be nice to my teacher for you.  It's not his fault   he went to Dartmouth.  (chuckles)  Wow, that is really mature   of you, buddy.  Yeah.  Maybe even like   seventh grade mature.  -Then we'd have two drop-offs.   -Sixth it is.  Hey, jelly bean,   what are you doing?  I'm going to dig   in the backyard.  Oh, y-you planting something?  Sort of. Let's just say   that you won't be seeing  my imaginary friend   around here anymore.  Captioned by   Media Access Group at WGBH 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 