Law & Order: UK: Season 3, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order: UK 
 s3e2 - Hounded - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order: UK (2009–2014): Season 3, Episode 2 - Hounded - full transcript 
 Convicted serial rapist Paul Darnell is released on parole and,three months later,young Ashanti Walker,who lives in the same area as Darnell, is killed after sex. He is the perfect parolee with a loyal girl-friend but he has no alibi and Steel is convinced he is the murderer. He is arrested but his barrister claims persecution and,at his trial, is credible and sympathetic whilst Steel does himself no favors with his bigotry and zeal,with obvious results. However,that is not the end of the matter. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups - the police who investigate crime and the crown prosecutors who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories. I've got discipline and self-control. I've developed my social skills. I did all kinds of jobs. I've got myself a trade. I've completed the extended sex offender treatment programme, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 reasoning and rehabilitation, and level three anger management. I could lie to you and say I found God. But I deal in reality... now. Besides, I found something better. My fiancee... She showed me what it felt like to be loved. I am sorry for what I did to those women. The abuse he suffered as a child may not justify his crimes, but it goes some way towards understanding how dislocated he'd become as an adult. Mr Steel. I don't believe Mr Darnell's changed at all. I think he's as dangerous now as when I prosecuted him. He was found guilty of three vicious rapes. He was a suspect in two others. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 His crimes were growing more violent when he was caught. Prison was the only thing that stopped him. If you let him out, he'll rape again. Ashanti Walker, 16 years old. She was off school cos she was ill. Her mum found her when she came home from work. There's no sign of forced entry. The main door to the building was locked. But according to a friend, she'd been to a laundrette. Hang on, I thought she was ill? Give them the day off, they soon recover. Not this time. No real injuries. For all I know, she had a pre-existing aneurysm. Why are we here? Uniform talked to her mum. She reckons Ashanti was raped because she never sleeps naked. Well, and the bed's stripped. Then again, she had been to the laundrette. Or she might have been about to take a shower. We... We found these. Right. So we get a pair of torn panties in a teenager's bedroom. Not a lot to go on, then. She could have been suffocated. Her eyes were bloodshot. And there was petechial spotting in the outer lining of the heart and lungs. But that's also consistent with a stroke. Right. So is there any possibility of a sexual angle? No semen. But small deposits of blood in her cervix would suggest her hymen had just been broken. There was also vaginal and cervical bruising. Same time frame as her death? Thereabouts. Maybe just before. Right. So, any signs of force, then? There's a bruise on her wrist, which might be a restraint wound. And a small cut on her throat. But I've done worse shaving my legs. Often shave your neck, though, do you, Heather? Or is there something you're not telling us? Could be a small knife or scissors. So it looks like it could be a rape? Not necessarily. You can get these kinds of internal injuries from having consensual, energetic sex. Excuse me. Mrs Walker, they... they won't let you have Ashanti back just yet, Mrs Walker. I'm sorry, when you came home, was the door to the flat locked? Just with the handle. It locks by itself. And... does Ashanti have a boyfriend? No. She knew better than that. She wanted to make a life for herself. Her boyfriend was coming over, so she'd gone down the laundrette to get her best top. I asked her if it was going to be his lucky day. If she was going to have sex with him? Mmm. I told her you can't play the virgin card forever. I lent her a thong because her mum kept buying her these Bridget Jones passion killers. I don't think she was up for it, though. Did she say if her boyfriend was up for it? Show me a bloke who ain't. And where can we find Desperate Dan? Block next door. His name's Ray Cole. Right. So... Uniform reckoned the girl dropped her bedding off at the laundrette yesterday at 1.30pm. Now, if that's the case, and she was going to sleep with her boyfriend, why strip the bed? Those ripped knickers didn't look like they belonged to Sexy Sadie, either. Maybe Ray Cole got tired of waiting. Aye-aye. I thought she was blanking me cos I didn't show up yesterday. Why didn't you show up, Ray? A shower installation job came in. Boss asked me to do it. Only, a little bird told us that you were on a promise. If I was given a choice between work or popping my girlfriend's cherry... I wasn't after that. You were, according to Sadie. So what happened? You went, she knocked you back? I should have done. I could have saved her from whatever perv broke in. Only, they didn't, Ray. No-one broke in. Ashanti opened the door to whoever it was. It wasn't me. I love her. We love each other. I phoned but she didn't pick up. God... And where did you call from? I was where the job was. Do you have the details? You're sure about those times? OK, thank you. It wasn't him. Of course not. The lad's in bits. He got there just after 12. Didn't leave till four. He never slipped out. She was keeping an eye. She described him in detail. Either she doesn't trust workmen or she fancied the pants off him. Builders getting leched at - that's sexual equality for you. Not just builders. Right, let's say she was attacked by someone she didn't know. How did the attacker get inside that building? No residents let anyone in. And that door is secure. Unlike the one next door. Anyone can get in. No caretaker next door. They had to let him go. Now any scum can walk right in. People don't know what we do till we're gone. We're maintenance men. We maintain. Right. So, what's this room here? Store room. We don't use it. It's locked. Right. It's not now, though, eh? After you. Do you mind if I take the torch, please? Cheers. What's that? Could be a conduit. There used to be pipes between the buildings. No, it's jammed in. How can you tell? We're detectives. We detect. Let me help you out. I'll put my foot there, steady it up. Cheers. OK? Here, give us that torch. What do you reckon? It's the boiler room. Next door's. The hole's big enough to climb through. Except for Ronnie, obviously. Thank you. Can we eliminate the people inside the buildings as suspects? Well, all the residents were either out or had a decent alibi. Ashanti was expecting her boyfriend. Even if the attacker broke into the building, all he had to do was knock on her door. Thing is, have we actually got a case? All we know is, she had sex at about the same time she died. Exactly. We've got no hair or fluids on the bed. We've got no fingerprints, no forced entry, no weapon, no definite cause of death. If it was rape or murder, we've got no forensic evidence to back it up. Not one person questioned saw anyone new in either building or in the street, for that matter. Listen to this. A neighbour saw Ashanti Walker in the laundrette. She said Ashanti was folding her laundry so carefully, she asked her to come and tidy her daughter's bedroom when she was done. And? Well, the laundry in the bin bag. Did that look folded to you? There was nothing remarkable about the laundry. We were wondering if anyone other than Ashanti Walker could have handled the bag. Well, we only found the victim's prints on it. At first. But I ran some further tests and recovered saliva samples which match. See, the plastic had been stretched in that area, too. There were indentation marks which matched her teeth. So she was suffocated? Possibly. In which case, that's our murder weapon. We could even have an MO. Right, we searched the Sexual Offenders register for the local area. Well, we found one similar MO. The link is a bit tenuous. But his name is... Paul Darnell. The Day Stalker. Yeah. Raped his victims in broad daylight in their own bedroom. He was released three months ago at a parole hearing. Although his file says he's reformed. No, he's too tormented to reform. He should never have been released. He was an abused and battered child whose mum forced him to have sex with her between rounds one and two. Nice. He'd been sexually harassing girls for years before raping anyone. James, he never murdered anyone, though. Maybe his MO's evolved. Eight years inside could have taught him not to leave any witnesses. Investigate him quickly. If it is him, he's gonna do it again. In the three months Darnell's been out, he's made every one of his probationary meetings, kept to the conditions of his licence to the letter, and he is now working in a kitchen fitter's shop near Waterloo. That's not far from where Ashanti lived. He hasn't missed a day. He's the model employee. He's home every night at seven, usually with his fiancee. And the attacker would have to know the building. There's no record of Darnell living anywhere near the area as an adult. But one of his rapes was in Battersea? Alesha, maybe it's someone else. Rule Darnell out and you'll know. Paul's a craftsman. He's a dab hand. His finishing's immaculate. He's got such a nice touch. I'm not sure his victims would agree. Hey, I know what he did. His workmates don't. It doesn't worry you? He keeps himself to himself. Crowds get to him. He can't bear the Tube, traffic. Walks everywhere. Won't carry a mobile. "Where's the quiet gone?" he said. Was he here all day Wednesday? Yeah, except for lunch. He had to do something for his fiancee. What time's lunch? One till two. He was half an hour late back, though. I told him it's called a "quickie" for a reason. So that's an hour and a half of Mr Darnell's time supposedly accounted for. Except we've got no way of tracking him down. He doesn't use a mobile. I bet he doesn't carry an oyster card either. No. So, why don't we have a chat with his fiancee and see how quick that "quickie" was? Paul picked up some wire clippers I'd taken to get fixed. There's a repair shop near his work. What time was he here? About quarter past one. Did he stay long? No, just a few minutes. Why? Did he say where he was going? Only, he was late back for work. No, he didn't. Is there a problem with probation cos he was late? We don't deal with licence conditions. A girl was raped and murdered on Wednesday afternoon. Hang on a minute, you're not saying you think Paul did it? He's a convicted rapist. The girl lived a 15-minute walk from here. Something I said? We don't exactly roll up with good news, do we? Who's the kid? He didn't stay because my daughter was here. It's one of the conditions of his licence. Your daughter? He's changed. Why put yourself and your daughter in that position? Why him? I've never met anyone so unloved. I saw the good in him. You've got some lovely stuff, Judy. That's Paul. He hates it. I found it in his bin. That little boy had his innocence smashed out of him. Literally. He's feeding the pigeons in Trafalgar Square in that photo. He used to live in London for a while when he was a boy. With his mum and her brother. He lived in London? Where? Near Waterloo somewhere. He won't talk about it. It was a horrible time. Hi, guv. Darnell's mother's maiden name was Howells. She died 12 years ago. So we're presuming the house belonged to her brother. So we're looking for a phone listing for Howells in the London area in '69. If only he had a mother called Clutterbuck. Give him a break, he had enough torment. Not all abused kids turn into rapists. Works and pensions? They've given us a lot of historical evidence about men called Howells, none of whom lived in or around the Waterloo area. The local authority think they can get hold of a copy of the voters' register from 1970. They're getting back to us. Sometime this year. Didn't his mother have a drink problem? Yeah. Is that worth following up on? Well, first off, the guv's a genius. We already knew that. We checked out Mum. She didn't have any run-ins with the authorities but her brother did. Robert Howells was up in front of West London Magistrates Court in May 1970 for ABH. And he lived with his sister and his nephew. The ABH was actually against the nephew, one Paul Darnell. The uncle broke young Paul's collar bone. His home address was 18 Lorimer Gardens. Which is a stone's throw from where Ashanti lived. Absolutely. And the buildings are identical. Which means Darnell would know the layout. Should we apply for a warrant to search his home? Where he lived as a kid isn't gonna be enough. It's not like he was next door. If you can put him on the street on the day of the murder... You've checked all the CCTV from his fiancee's store to Ashanti? That had occurred to us. Then we thought... It was a very busy time of day... You haven't checked it all. How long will it take? He may have lined up a new victim. If we arrest him, we can search his home. All right, Col? Paul Darnell, my name's Detective Sergeant Matt Devlin. This is my colleague, DS Ronnie Brooks. Hi, Paul. Would you like to put the saw down? I just came round to surprise him. These disposable gloves, there's normally ten in a box. There's only six here. I use them at work. Why? Did you tell Paul we was asking questions? No. I didn't want to worry him. So, what's the plan, Judy? You think if he's loved enough, you can keep him on the straight and narrow? I believe in him. No trophies from the victims, but I did find these in a locked drawer. Yeah, they're self-help DVDs. Spread Your Legs, Bitch. What? Punish Me. Female Bondage. According to the FME, he had minor cuts on his hands and forearms. But he says he got them at work. We've swabbed him for DNA. But there are no scratches, no nail gouges, no bite marks. Don't despair just yet. He also has no body hair. If he's still shaving two weeks after Ashanti Walker's death... .. he's preparing to rape again. Abstention from pornography is not one of my client's licence conditions. Other men do it. Only, you're not like other men. Are you, Paul? So, what happened? You got out, and then this. There's all these young girls everywhere. You get the urge. No, I've learned to control my urges. By watching women being tortured and raped? I haven't hurt anyone. I don't even know this girl. But that's the point, isn't it? Why do you shave your genitals, Paul? That's about hygiene. Have you got any real evidence to link my client to this crime? Good question. Do you ever wear disposable gloves, Paul? What kind of a question is that? Well, there were no fingerprints found in the rape victim's bedroom. So the attacker must have worn gloves. And you have got a box of gloves in your flat? Judy uses them for lacquering. I have a box at home. I use them to dye my hair. Want to arrest me, too? Some eagle-eyed minion deserves champagne. "OK, let's talk about Wednesday lunchtime. " After you saw Judy, where did you go? For a walk. A walk? To Lorimer Gardens? No. That's where you lived as a boy, though, wasn't it? Yeah. Fantastic buildings, though, eh? I mean, for a young boy. To play in and explore. Like down in the basement, for instance. No. What, you never went exploring? As a kid, you know? Hide-and-seek? Climbing through holes in walls? I don't wanna talk about that time. Yes, OK. I fail to see the relevance of where my client lived before. Well, you see, the building in which Paul grew up as a boy is just around the corner from the building in which Ashanti Walker was murdered. The buildings are pretty much the same. Eh, Paul? So whoever murdered Ashanti knew the layout of the building. I haven't been back there since I was a boy. Thank you. You say you haven't been back there since you was a boy? You're sure about that? So you weren't in Lorimer Gardens on Wednesday afternoon, the day that Ashanti Walker was murdered? No. Well, that's odd. Because there you are. In Brook Lane. And as you know, Paul, Brook Lane leads directly onto Lorimer Gardens, doesn't it? Why are you lying, Paul? All I did was go back to my old house. It was my therapist's idea, to face up to the past. I only went a few times. You can ask her about it. We've heard enough. I want him formally charged. This interview is terminated. I've paid the price for what I did! You wiped the slate clean to start again. It'll never be clean! I hate myself! Calm down! If this is intimidation, I'll lodge a complaint. I didn't do it! Judy loves me. She keeps me strong. You're doing him a favour. Who, Paul? Whoever did this. Because while you're persecuting me, he's still out there! Judy loves me, she keeps me strong, Judy loves me... To this charge, how do you plead? Not guilty. Sit down, please, Mr Darnell. Mr Steel, to what do we owe the pleasure? The Crown objects to bail on the grounds that the defendant could fail to surrender to custody and that he might commit further offences whilst on bail. He's been arrested three months after being released. My client will be under strict supervision. Moreover, his fiancee is willing to offer a surety from equity in her home. She will bring all necessary paperwork from the mortgage company to the court today. Mr Darnell, I grant you bail on the following conditions... The defendant raped before whilst on bail and blamed the attack on the stress of the trial. He was subsequently found guilty of two other rape charges. For which he has served his sentence. I've made my decision, Mr Steel. They've compared every fibre in Darnell's home with what was at Ashanti Walker's place. Nothing matched. What about anything from his work? Wood shavings, metal filings? Yeah, we thought of that. We have done this before. Nothing. Unless Matt and Ronnie turn up something in the follow-up interviews, we're screwed. When they're back from their yoga class, I'll tell them. I spoke to Ray, Ashanti Walker's boyfriend. He was with her the Sunday Darnell first went over to Waterloo. They walked home, Ashanti went in, Ray waited outside until her bedroom light was on so she could blow him a kiss. He could have followed them. The Wednesday of the attack at 1:30, Darnell had arranged with the owners to look round his old house. But they said he left after five minutes, very distressed, heading towards Brook Lane. The jury have a right to know of this man's propensity to rape, his patterns of behaviour, and that only his incarceration prevented him from re-offending. My concern is that the inclusion of my client's previous convictions would have such an adverse effect on the fairness of proceedings... Tell it to the jury, Miss Shaw. Mr Steel, your bad character application is allowed. You've not won yet. With Darnell's shield gone, I can call character evidence. Good luck with that. Didn't his workmates insist he was sacked? He has a devoted fiancee. You're relying on the jury to be as unforgiving as you are. Big mistake. Not when I tell them about his three teenage victims, one of whom killed herself. Go for it. I'll tell them about a young boy who was abused by his mother. The Angela's Ashes theory is not an excuse, Cassie. I've put him away before, and I'll do it again. Yeah, right, you had forensic evidence then. You're working on a grudge now. He's innocent this time, James. Hey, if it isn't Santa's Little Helper. And I've got glad tidings, too. Darnell tried to break into a young girl's house this afternoon. He's been recalled to prison immediately. We've seen him around, me and the girls. My friend Trish reckons he followed her this one time. What happened yesterday, Kim? I was on my way home from school. He was at the bus stop. Paul Darnell. You're sure it was him? Yeah. So I walked really fast. Got my key out, got in the house and rang Trish. Why didn't you call the police? Cos I thought I'd got away from him. But when I was on the phone... .. there was this rattling at the back door. I could see him through the frosted glass. I yelled I was gonna call the police and he legged it. But you still didn't call the police. Your friend Trish did. I get panic attacks. I couldn't breathe. OK... I could have been killed like that other girl. If you were that terrified, Miss Baker, why were you broadcasting this alleged incident on Facebook five minutes after it happened? So my mates would know about it. And it got you a lot of attention from your mates, no doubt? Well, I wanted to warn them. He could have gone after them. He was always watching us. None of us felt safe. No further questions. I didn't try and break into her kitchen. I've never seen her before. Let's go back to the day of Ashanti Walker's murder. Why were you in Lorimer Gardens? I used to live there. I wanted to... prove that it held no fear for me any more. So I went back a few times. What used to happen there? My uncle... My un... My uncle used to... .. beat me while my mother was watching. She was drinking, egging him on. How did you feel when you went inside your old house? Upset. I was angry. Did you see Ashanti Walker when you left? No, I saw no-one. I just kept walking. I made it back to work, you what I mean? I just... I dealt with it. Nothing further. When did you start shaving off all your body hair? About a month after I got out of prison. I had developed slight OCD. What were you in prison for, exactly? Raping three girls. Where did these rapes take place? In their bedroom. At knife point. Am I right? You know you are. But I've changed. I've rehabilitated. Then why do you have a secret stash of hardcore pornography depicting scenarios of rape? My lord, my client's recreational pastimes are not relevant. It goes to show that the defendant is far from rehabilitated and still gets aroused by the idea of rape. Answer the question, Mr Darnell. I was confronting my worst fears. I wasn't aroused. I was disgusted. And what exactly are your worst fears, Mr Darnell? You might rape again now you're no longer locked up? No. What triggered the urge to rape in the past? Bad memories, stress. Both of which happened in 18 Lorimer Gardens on the very same day that Ashanti Walker was raped and murdered. It's a coincidence. So it's a coincidence you were stressed, in the next street, you'd shaved off all your body hair and had latex gloves in your flat? It's a lot of coincidences. I went there to draw a line under it. That may have been your intention, but it didn't work, did it? I'm sorry for what I did before. You followed Ashanti Walker... No, I never saw her! You went down into the basement, broke in through the conduit and knocked on her door. How would I know where she lived? Because you've been stalking her just like you stalked all your other victims. I haven't, I've changed. Then why did you try and break into Kim Baker's flat? I didn't! She's lying! Look at her! She's a bad one, that! With her tattoos and her short skirt... Miss Baker, would you stand up before the jury, please, and take off your jacket? Thank you, Miss Baker. If you've never seen Kim Baker before, how do you know she has tattoos? I have seen her. But I never followed her. No further questions. You wanna know why I lied, Mr Steel? Because I'm not allowed to notice young girls, am I? The men at work, they can talk about what they'd like to do to them. But no, not me. I'd be crucified. So, yes, I did see her. I even thought about having sex with her. But that's all. I know how much you want me to screw up. But you can't put me away for what I might do. There she is. Your sole character witness isn't looking too sure of herself. She's worried about the love of her life. Judy. If you were in her shoes, what would you be thinking? He was in my art therapy class. He was... He was shut down, full of self-disgust. I... helped him face his demons. He's one of the bravest men I've ever met. Do you love Paul Darnell, Miss Johnson? Yes. I quit my job for him. Despite what he's done? I hate what he's done. I hate why he did it. Paul has taken responsibility for his crimes. He's changed. He's a good man. He's kind to me. And he treats me well. Which is more than I can say for my ex-partners. Thank you, Miss Johnson. How old is your daughter, Miss Johnson? Lucy's 17. And when she turns 18, will you introduce her to her future stepdad? Yeah. Would you leave them alone together? Relevance? What's your point, Mr Steel? I'm just trying to establish to what extent the witness trusts the defendant, my lord. What if Lucy becomes the object of his fantasies? Well, we'll talk about it. We have a very open and honest relationship. Except he wasn't exactly honest about his porn stash, was he? How did you feel when those DVDs were found in his bedroom? Sick. At first. But Paul had his reasons. It's not like they're real. The women in those DVDs are actresses. Your fiance's victims weren't. They were young, teenage girls raped at knife point with a pillow case wrapped over their face. His mother used to cover his face, too. He'd just be standing there, waiting to see what was coming next - a cigarette burn or a hand job. If Paul still hated women, do you not think I'd be the first person to know? We haven't even had sex yet. He's still so ashamed. So... He still can't relate to you sexually in a functional manner? Miss Johnson, has it occurred to you that the reason that he can't is because you're a willing participant? My colleague is putting words in the witness's mouth, my lord. Then the witness is free to contradict him, Miss Shaw. Yes. It has crossed my mind. But I dismissed it. Did you see the defendant on the evening of Ashanti Walker's murder? Yes. How did he seem to you? It was a good day. He brought me flowers and wine. And we drank a toast to new beginnings. Flowers and wine. That's nice. From what you were saying before, I'd imagine that's more than your ex-partners did? Yeah, unless they'd been cheating on me. Paul's not like that. Look, I didn't mean... No further questions. I have no re-examination, my lord. But new evidence has come to light. I need to make an application to recall Miss Kim Baker and re-examine her. I have a statement from your friend, Trisha Rowe. She's prepared to give evidence to say that you phoned her last night in a panic and said that you weren't even sure Paul Darnell came to your door on the day in question. Is this true, Miss Baker? I thought he was at the door. You can't be sure it was him? Miss Baker, you are under oath. If what your friend says is true, then I would advise you to come clean now. He was following me on the street. But did he come to your back door? You don't understand. The way he was looking at me at the bus stop. He did follow me. Did he come to your back door? I was sure he was gonna do something. I do understand you were scared, Miss Baker. But it is very important that you tell the truth. Can you be sure Paul Darnell came to your back door? Answer the question, Miss Baker. No, I can't be sure. In relation to the count of murder of Ashanti Walker, do you find the defendant Paul Darnell guilty or not guilty? Not guilty. In relation to the count of rape of Ashanti Walker, do you find the defendant Paul Darnell guilty or not guilty? Not guilty. I love you. My client just wants to get married and live a normal life. Justice has been done. Thank you. Mr Steel, how do you feel about the verdict? I don't think justice has been done here at all today. I think Paul Darnell's as guilty now as when he first went down the streets. It's safer with him in prison. He should never have been released. The Director General of the prison service would like me to thank you for your very public vote of confidence in the reform system. There's a rapist and killer on the streets thanks to the parole board. No, thanks to you. How do you work that out? The verdict was heavily influenced by you two allowing false evidence. We do not drag the law down a sewer to catch a rat. Your need for a result made you careless, James. No, George. It was the exact opposite. We checked her story. You normally have a nose for a lie. What happened this time? She didn't lie. She exaggerated. Which came as a surprise to everyone. Well, you've not only lost this, a costly and high-profile trial, but exonerated Darnell in the process. Our only consolation is that he's refusing to give further press interviews about his mistreatment and wrongful arrest. He wants to "move on". Of course he does. I suggest you do the same. It's hard enough getting Resources to follow a suspect pre-arrest. I can hardly justify surveillance on a man who's been tried and found innocent. No, he got away with it. He'll do it again. He can't even go outside. There are posters of him on every lamp post. He's been beaten up. I'm getting daily reports of damage to his flat. Excrement through the letter box, graffiti on the walls. Then he should be under police protection. Then we'll know what he's up to. I've done that, James. Darnell's refused. He doesn't want to be monitored by the police. His intention is to be re-housed and try and live a normal life. He moves, he'll lie low, bide his time and strike again. If he stays, he'll be under a great deal of stress, which is what drives him to rape, remember? You're gonna have to let this go. His next victim's out there, and I can't warn her, I can't protect her. This isn't a vendetta. All I want is for him to be contained. Cassie Shaw has written a formal complaint to the DPP, citing your libellous comments about Darnell and the trial to the press, and your very public attack on his character. He's not the victim here. For crying out loud, she's threatening to go public. If she does, your reputation will be ruined. In a few weeks, Darnell will be blending in, planning an attack, working out how to do it again, only better. Then we'll prosecute him better. That's another dead teenage girl. This is the hardest part of this job. Not sniffing out every last bit of evidence, not standing up in court, shouting the odds, whipping up a storm. This - accepting that there is nothing more you can do. What are you doing here? Can't you any peace locally? I'm getting death threats. Then get police protection. Would it spoil your plans for the next girl? If I did it, you let me go. If I didn't, there's more like me out there. Gets to you, that, dunnit? Must have been agony. To come out after all those years of therapy and find out you're still exactly the same. Judy's my world. Why can't you believe that? I just want a fresh start. I'm gonna get re-housed. Your application will be turned down. I've just been to see a mate in Probation over the road. He told me I'd find you here. You can't do that! I can't stay where I am. I can... legitimately object to you going anywhere near young teenage girls. There's one living next door to your proposed premises. I had it checked out. You bastard. When we're done, we could get something to eat. I don't think I'll be a barrel of laughs tonight. What's new? You've been a nightmare for months. That's why you're buying me dinner. I've just had DS Brooks on the phone. We didn't expect you to come down. What happened? Mum came home, caught him with her daughter. Pinned down in the hall, knife to the throat, bag over her face. Found the weapon on the doorstep. Two major blows to the temple. His neighbours tried to petrol bomb his flat last night, by all accounts. He'd been getting death threats. She said he could stay, just for a couple of days. Didn't have anywhere else to go. Her daughter was staying at a friend's house and she didn't tell her mum she was coming over. I'm sorry. James... Why don't you guys go home, eh? We've got it covered here. Yeah. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 