Law & Order: UK: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order: UK 
 s2e6 - Honour Bound - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order: UK (2009–2014): Season 2, Episode 6 - Honour Bound - full transcript 
 When an undercover drug buy goes wrong, DS Ronnie Brooks finds himself in a very difficult spot. Brooks and DS Jimmy Valentine are posing as drug dealers when Valentine shoots the dealer claiming the man pulled a gun on him. Brooks was behind their car at the time and saw nothing but has known Valentine for many years and has no reason to doubt him. DS Matt Devlin on the other hand did not see the dead man pull a gun or do anything threatening and is given 24 hours by DI Natalie Chandler to find evidence or shut up. When the Crown Prosecution Service charges Valentine, the dirty cop testifies that Brooks was in on a drug theft. Ronnie has to call on an old friend to testify on his behalf but at a great cost to herself. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Shahid Nafoor? What? Nobody said two of you. Oh, don't worry about him. He's a puppy. Ain't you? Yeah. 'Come on, we can't be standing here all night.' We've got four cameras supposed to be delivering pictures. Why is it not working? Low ceilings, all this concrete, interferes with the signal. We've got no visual on the target. I'm trying to fix it. Matt, Matt. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Get back in the car. 'Get back to the car. We were told to stay here.' Good. Give him the dosh. He's got a gun! Ronnie! Jimmy! He pulled a bloody gun on me. It just went off. Oh, God! Jimmy. You all right, son? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Come on, we've got to save him, Ron. Come on, come on. Come on, son, stay with us. Where did the gun come from? He pulled it out. Target's been shot. Get an ambulance down here quick as. Somebody'd better tell me how this happened. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 DS Jimmy Valentine, guv. This is on me. The target had a gun. I thought he was going to shoot me and Ron here. I tried to disarm him and, in the struggle, the gun went off. You two'd better get your clothes over to Forensics. You're entitled to a Fed rep. Yeah, of course. Simple operation, you said. No-one should have got hurt. Listen, we didn't bring the gun, guv. DPS wants statements first thing. Total transparency. Yes? Anybody got a light? Right...investigation. Well, we all know what happened. Matty, you saw Nafoor go for the gun, yeah? Well, I saw the struggle definitely. You sure that's how it started? Yeah, I wasn't thinking straight. I was trying to save this fella here. I wouldn't be here without you, Jim, thanks. That's all right. I'm sorry, guys, yeah? Don't worry, Jim. You didn't have a choice, mate. So you're round the back opening the boot when you hear a shot. Shahid Nafoor must have been waiting until it was one on one. Just keep to the facts, DS Brooks. I'll make my own interpretations. How many shots were fired? Just the one. Had Shahid Nafoor been at all threatening in his behaviour prior to the shooting? Not while I was at the front of the car. He didn't seem at all agitated, anxious? Well, it was a drugs deal. Everyone gets a bit anxious. How did this operation come about? DS Valentine brought us a tip-off regarding a large amount of pure-grade heroin that was about to come into the country. Why did he come to you specifically? We both joined CID around about the same time, worked alongside each other for several years. Do you know him socially? Is that relevant? If I've asked you, yes. Yes, we've socialised. Has he ever contacted you with tip-offs before now? No. Then why this time? Because it was on our patch. And that's the only reason? It's enough, isn't it? So you got out of the car, contrary to operational briefing? The signals weren't coming through. There was interference. I was concerned that we wouldn't get a visual on the target. Did DS Moynihan tell you to get back in the car? Yeah, she did, but... Then why didn't you? I didn't want to leave my colleagues exposed. I was using my initiative. Instead of keeping to your assigned duty in the assigned location? You have to make the best decisions, in limited time, with the available resources. Did you have a clear view of DS Brooks as he walked to the back of the car? No. There were concrete pillars in the way. Did you have a clear view of DS Valentine and Shahid Nafoor? Pretty much. Yes. Did you see Shahid Nafoor pull a gun on DS Valentine? All right, mate. All right, partner, what you having? A pint, please, Dawn. That DPS lady's a bundle of fun, ain't she? I thought she was going to become the third Mrs Brooks. I didn't see Shahid Nafoor pull the gun. I don't think it happened that way. I told her. I'm not going to lie. Who said anything about lying? You told me exactly what to say right after the incident. No, I didn't. I was just going through what happened cos it was so quick. Anyway, I've pulled everything we've got on Shahid Nafoor. And the reason for that is? Well, if I've got the DPS on my back, I want to know the full SP. Anyway, it turns out this Nafoor character was arrested by uniform last week in Brixton with half a kilo of heroin on him. OK, which proves he was a drug dealer. If he was arrested last week, what was he doing meeting us last night? He should have been banged up. He got out on bail. He wasn't even charged. Doesn't make any sense. Where are you going with this, Matty? I reckon there's something bigger going on here. And I reckon your mate Jimmy knows all about it. Thought I'd find you here. Jimmy. I just got the news the DPS woman's happy we're in the clear. Thank God for that, eh? What you having, Jim? Er...pint of that one. Ta. I really shouldn't be digging around on other cases. I wouldn't ask if it wasn't important. Did you find anything? You were right. Shahid Nafoor was arrested for possession of heroin. So what was he doing out on the street in a drug deal last night? He should've been charged and remanded in custody. Then why wasn't he? I can't find that out. Restricted access. I need to find out why he was released. Too many coincidences here. Why don't you try his brother? Last known address was a flat by Smithfield Market. I knew it... ..when he didn't come back last night. I knew it. They got to him. And I'm gonna be next. What do you mean? Who got to your brother, Omar? Omar? Clyde Mason. My brother was a drugs runner for him. Must have heard about the deal you lot made with Shahid. Letting him off to give evidence against Mason. What are you talking about? What deal? The police told Shahid to keep working, so Mason wouldn't suspect. They wanted Shahid to be their man on the inside. So Shahid was a police informant? Last couple of days he was worried Clyde Mason had found out. So who was his police handler? Omar, do you know the names of any of the officers that he was working with? He wouldn't tell me, all right? We ain't talking any more, all right? Otherwise they'll be coming for me next. Omar, I'm sorry about your brother. This was a terrible accident. They make it look like an accident. Mason's hands are clean. That man's hands are always clean. I'm telling you, Mason had my brother killed. So the conclusion you're jumping to is... No. ..is that Jimmy Valentine, a serving and respected police officer, shoots dead Shahid Nafoor on behalf of Clyde Mason. Ron... I didn't tell the DPS the full story. I wasn't certain, but this... ..it backs up what I saw. What did you see? I'll tell you what I didn't see. I didn't see Shahid move first. In fact, if anything, I think I saw... I think I saw Jimmy go for his gun. Matt, you just said it. You THINK you saw. How sure are you? The bloke was arrested last week. He shouldn't have been out at all. I asked you how sure. 20%, 80%, 40%? I'm sure what I didn't see! I did not see Shahid go for his gun! Didn't see it. Not good enough. You could ruin a man's career. Ronnie, listen! Wait! Listen. Just tell me one thing. Why would an informant turn his gun on a police officer? It doesn't make any sense. I'll tell you what doesn't make any sense. You throwing around your accusations when you're not even sure of what you've seen. Excuse me. There's only two people who know what happened. One of them's dead and one of them happens to be Jimmy Valentine. I'm sorry. Look, I know this is difficult, Ron, and that's why I came to you. But I'm not going behind your back. I need you with me on this one. Jimmy Valentine is a good copper, OK? I'm not with you on this one. Six years ago, before Clyde Mason started taking control of South London's drug trade, Jimmy Valentine arrested him for possession. So how does that put Valentine and Mason in cahoots? Mason got off. The case never got to court. Just like it won't this time. And both times Jimmy Valentine's involved. Matt, do you realise what you're saying? This is bad enough - a civilian death - without you making it into a conspiracy. Guv, I can't ignore this. I need to find out why those charges were dropped six years ago against Mason. And I need you to be comfortable with that. You've got till this time tomorrow. After that, I've got to tell the DPS what you've just told me. Thank you. Clyde Mason: possession charge six years ago. Never got to court cos the confiscated drugs went walkabout from the evidence store. From the station? One moment it was there, the next conveniently mislaid. Mislaid from the evidence store at the arresting CID? And without it, no case. Was Jimmy Valentine on duty when this evidence went missing? Along with 17 other officers. Investigation found no fault with anyone on shift that day. No fault. Terrific Matt, this doesn't prove anything. Except that Valentine always seems to be around whenever something funny happens. You should talk to Ronnie. I tried. It didn't go too well. Morning, Ron. Have you been following me, Jimmy? Man of routine like you? Friday morning: white coffee, two sugars, fresh bit of fish for supper. You...er...got a light? And I'm a man of routine? You've never had a light, Jim. So how are your girls, then? Always getting the better of me, Jim. You know what women are like. Take after their mum, do they? Dear me, we had some times, eh? I've been thinking a lot about that lately. All them days I had to sober you up. Well, that's 1,807 days clean now, Jim, and I'm very proud of it, mate. I always knew you'd do it, even when you doubted yourself. Enough of the This Is Your Life routine, Jimmy. What's going on? Your boy, Devlin... DS Devlin. And he ain't my boy. He's asking questions, nosing through files. On Clyde Mason. So? Well, if he's got questions, why don't he come to me direct? Billy, do me a favour, mate, please. Can you bag up that bit of mullet? No problems, Ron. Let me talk to him. I need to be there. You know, face to face. Nothing I should know, is there, Jim? Nothing going on? No. £5, please, mate. Lovely. Cheers, Billy. Here you are. On me. What are friends for, eh? I'm starting to think you want to marry me. I'm sorry? Well, you're so interested in my past. Well, I was investigating Clyde Mason. And your name came up. A couple of times, actually. Going after Mason? Why didn't you say? You should have talked to me first. Did you know that Shahid Nafoor was one of Clyde Mason's drugs runners? Are you interviewing me? No, I'm not. So tell me what you're investigating Clyde Mason for. Why? So you can tip him off? Say that again. Say it again, son. Matty, why don't you wait outside? Where were you six years ago... ..when that evidence went missing from Clyde Mason's possession charge? Matt! Outside. He's a one. He's a one, all right. But you didn't answer his question, Jimmy. You what? Did you know that Shahid Nafoor used to work for Clyde Mason? Oh, don't you start. You see, the thing is if anyone wanted to investigate my past collars, Jim... ..well, it'd be like water off a duck's back. What is this, eh? All the stuff I've done for you. Don't lean on our past, Jim. Leave this one alone, Ron. I won't say it again. My old man used to say there's no such thing as a friend. Friends will always let you down. I used to look at him and think what a miserable old bastard. I'd argue with him and say: Dad, you're wrong, mate. I bet he's looking down at me now laughing his head off. Ron, mate, it gives me no... Jimmy Valentine bought my fish for me today. It felt like he was buying me off. Come on. Jimmy's partner, what was she called? I don't know anything about this. What is the point of me doing this job, DS Moynihan, if all of my work is going to be undermined by people like you? Don't put this on me, right? I never wanted to be partnered with him. This last year's been the worst of my career. And why is that exactly? Just leave me alone, all right? I've got a funny feeling about the other night in that car, Anna. All those fuzzy pictures. Did Jimmy get you to sabotage those images, so we'd never have a clean recording? Is that what was going on? Anna? Answer the question, Anna. He said there were things that I wasn't aware of. Things like? When we got there before you boys showed up... ..Jimmy told me that if anything untoward came up, I should follow whatever he said. So you knew that DS Valentine was going to shoot Shahid Nafoor? On my life, I didn't know. Then why didn't you say anything after it happened? I've been taking money, all right? Jimmy gives me my cut. If I sold him out, I'm selling myself out as well. Let me get this straight. You and Jimmy are both on the take from Clyde Mason, the biggest drugs dealer in South London? I didn't know that was where the money came from. It doesn't take a genius, Anna, does it? What are you going to do? No. What are YOU going to do, Detective Sergeant? Well, I'm giving you a chance to put your version of events. How many are watching? Are you in there, Ron? You happy, son? I should be in there doing this. You're part of the incident. We know you manufactured the shooting to look like an accident. You shot Shahid Nafoor on Clyde Mason's instructions to stop Shahid giving evidence against Mason. No, no, someone's got it in for me. I'm being stitched up here. Your partner Anna Moynihan... ..she told us everything. She sold you out, I'm afraid. I've been putting villains away for 30 years. 'Well, we are going to charge you with the murder of Shahid Nafoor.' There was a struggle. He pulled a gun on me. I saved DS Brooks's life. Yeah... Wait. I'm not finished with you yet. We've struggled to get Clyde Mason for years. He is the the major player in the supply of street drugs. The failure to get Clyde Mason all but cost my predecessor his job. He's not going to do the same to me. So I want you to offer Jimmy Valentine an arrangement under a Section 71 notice... ..in return for everything he knows about Mason. Jimmy Valentine shot a man in cold blood. If we get Clyde Mason, it will save countless lives and put the suppliers of drugs on the back foot. Now, if this means we go easy on Jimmy Valentine, I can live with that. This has nothing to do with the adverse publicity of a police officer on trial for murder? James! You take the moral high ground, you stop me policing efficiently. I'm asking for your cooperation with the bigger picture. Will you put the deal to Jimmy Valentine or do I express my displeasure to your superior? I don't like it any more than you do. You couldn't like it any less. This is about joined-up thinking. It's about not thinking at all! Doing what's expedient, rather than what's right. James, that is enough. We need to compromise. Scale down the charge in exchange for information. Whatever information Valentine has isn't commensurate with a man's life! Are we saying murder's OK, so long as you get Clyde Mason's email address? You're not the only one with principles, not the only one who has to swallow them down. You've been given a task here. Please, do your job. We'll charge manslaughter accepting Mr Valentine's story if he tells us every detail of his transactions with Clyde Mason. Who's pulling your strings, eh? I bet you're hating every minute of this. Do we have an agreement? No, we don't. It's an Alice In Wonderland proposal. You need to realign your expectations quite spectacularly, James. We expect nothing less than complete immunity and entry into the witness protection programme. Expect whatever you like, but I won't disrespect a dead man's honour by giving in to your wish-list. A dealer pulled a gun. There was a struggle, during which the gun went off. Evelyn, I'm looking forward to seeing you run that before a jury. I'm looking forward to it myself, given that you have no case. We've got sworn evidence from Anna Moynihan. Good luck with that. She'll tell you black's white if you pay her enough. Yeah, well, you'd know. You show me some respect. I served this city for 30 years. What have you done - six months typing? Or just a few favours for your boss here? If Miss Moynihan's evidence is true, she's an accomplice, rendering her evidence worthless without corroboration. The corroboration was behind the radiator in her garage. She kept every note you bribed her with. Is that what she's saying? Bless her. It sounds to me like you have a terrific case... against Anna Moynihan. Not us. I'm always available the moment you come to your senses. Evelyn Wyndham wants a free pass for Jimmy Valentine. Complete immunity. What?! She can whistle for that! Thank you. We need more leverage on Valentine to get him to surrender details on Mason. Something which'll scare him into realising he's got no choice. What did you get on his property? Anything you can use against him? Nothing from his flat, his car or even a self-storage unit that he rented. He's not stupid. He knows what the police look for. Everybody is always stupid somewhere along the line. Just tiny details, that's all that it takes. Did we check his old work locker? Vodka. Fags. Porn. Who says coppers don't read? That's all there is. Not just porn. Shopping too. Didn't know Valentine had any romantic attachments. What's he doing with an underwear catalogue? Transvestite maybe? Do you think he's the type? Well, I didn't think my ex was the type. Account number on the address label. Could mean he's a regular customer. If they've got an account for him, they'll have a record of any delivery addresses. You must've really impressed Jimmy, for him to buy you that flat. I'm not stupid, Mary. I do my research. Whatever you want to know, I haven't got a clue about. Mary, an innocent man was killed. Jimmy Valentine could be involved. You're protecting a murderer. I bloody knew this'd happen! Did Jimmy Valentine ever talk about a Clyde Mason? He never talked about him. But he met him here. He said he needed somewhere out of the way to do a little business. OK, I'm gonna need you to give a statement to that effect. No. But you can have the tape. I'm sorry? I've got a camera set up for the clients. Didn't take much to film them, get a little insurance for a rainy day. Now is that enough for you to leave me alone? Mary Aliadiere is a prostitute with a criminal record for four counts of GBH. She's an unreliable witness. Her video of your client meeting Clyde Mason at her flat looked very reliable, though. I'd almost say it was persuasive. Now, Mr Valentine, one last chance. Testify against Mason, and we'll scale down the charge. You plead guilty. Oh, listen to yourself! How long do you think I'd last inside if I grass? Mason's got people everywhere. I hope the money that Clyde Mason offered you to dishonour your police oath was worth it, Mr Valentine. Final offer. Bollocks. Good. The charge is murder. James, the Venezuelan authorities have located Clyde Mason. He's been spotted in Caracas. There's no extradition treaty. We don't stand a chance of getting hold of him. Valentine's defence is that Mason threatened to harm his family. That he had no choice but to do what he did. Reduced to manslaughter, could be out in four years. How hard did you try, James? I'm sorry? Well, you didn't push him, did you? He gave you the answer you wanted - you wanted him on trial all along. I did what George sent me to do. Am I happy to be prosecuting Jimmy Valentine? Yeah. He's a policeman who shot a civilian. So we make an example of him, rather than let the police gain crucial intelligence on a major drug baron? The police want corruption held to account. Matt and Ron want Valentine in court. I'm doing this for them. What if we lose? Valentine walks free, and we've gained nothing. I won't lose. It's time. Are you with me? Clyde Mason paid myself and DS Moynihan to keep things smooth for him. What were his instructions to you regarding Shahid Nafoor? Well, Mason heard that Shahid was now a police informant. Shahid knew a lot about Mason's operations. So Mason told me to take him out of the game. Meaning to kill him? Well, I said no, of course... ..and that's when he threatened my family. My...my mother and both my sisters. So if you didn't kill Shahid, your own family would die? Yeah, that's right, yeah. What happened the night of Mr Nafoor's death? Well, I arranged the team. I made sure I was paired with DS Brooks. Why was that? Well, I knew that Ron'd go along with whatever happened. In what way? Well, he'd looked out for me before. About six years back. I'd arrested Clyde Mason on possession of heroin, and while Mason was awaiting bail, he offered me an arrangement. This is when your association with Clyde Mason began. Yeah, he paid me off and I in turn paid off DS Brooks. My Lady, please! DS Brooks was present on the evening of Mr Nafoor's death. Evidence regarding his character is crucial. Mr Steel, you will have your chance to cross-examine. I bribed DS Brooks to make sure that the heroin we found on Clyde Mason went walkabout from the evidence store. Are you certain DS Brooks did as you requested? Oh, I'm certain he took the heroin, yeah. I'm certain cos he gave half of it to me. Did you remove the heroin from the evidence store? Of course I didn't. Then why is Jimmy Valentine saying that you did? Why do you think? He's trying to stitch me up. And you're doing exactly what he wants! I've been through the logs for that day. The evidence was reported missing at 14:42. Where were you at that time? Well, that's six years ago. I was at home. But you didn't sign out until 18:07. 'DS Brooks, where were you that afternoon?' 'I've already told you, I was at my house.' This is my fault. I should never have started this. 'I signed in at 9am. Then I went straight back home. I didn't do any work that day, and one of my colleagues signed me out later on in the day.' So you were away from your place of duty without authority? I was drinking then. I'm a recovering alcoholic. You were drunk on the job? Can anyone corroborate the fact that you were at home that day? No. I need you in the witness box repeating what you just said in there. We have to discredit Valentine's story and convince the jury that every word he says is unreliable. No way. My statement is already on record, and I'm not having that smart-arse barrister nipping away at me. If you don't appear, the jury will doubt your innocence. I'm not talking under oath and I'm not being cross-examined. Why not? What've you got to hide? Don't push me on stuff you don't understand. I am not on trial here. If the jury believes Valentine's accusation, he could get off. You've got a duty to give evidence! Don't! James... ..don't tell what I have to do. Thank you. I can't go in that witness box. It's complicated. You're a copper, Ron. You live for this job. And they could charge you with perverting the course of justice. Be the end of you, mate. I've admitted I've made mistakes, OK? And I've put 'em right. But I'm the best I can be now, Matt. Truly I am. So when do I get a break, eh? When do I get forgiven? I didn't take that heroin. You believe me, don't you? Of course. I've tracked down all the officers on duty in the station when the drugs went missing. Is this about defending Ronnie Brooks or prosecuting Jimmy Valentine? Well, we clear Ronnie, it helps us in court. None of the other officers can remember seeing Ronnie that day, and then there's Alan Spector. Who from the glint in your eye must be significant. Yes and no. He's dead. So we're getting a psychic to take sworn evidence? All of his colleagues say that Spector and Valentine were close. So were Valentine and Ronnie. Doesn't get us anywhere. Except Spector was called to give evidence in a court case six months later. He was cross-examined under oath as to whether he's ever known police officers to tamper with evidence. Well, he refused to answer. The judge held him in contempt of court, threw him in the cells overnight. Then he resigns from the service shortly after. Find out who his brief was and talk to him as soon as you can. If we don't get Ronnie off the hook, then Valentine could walk free. The meeting with Spector's brief's set up. But if Brooks had nothing to do with that heroin going missing, why won't he give evidence in court? Ronnie. Hello, Liz. Long time. So Detective Inspector now, then? Oh, yes. You stayed at DS. Well, I always liked the walking. I've been following the Jimmy Valentine case. Years ago I told you - watch your back with him. Yeah, well, you told me a lot of stuff I should've listened to. You told them where you were that day? I did, yeah. You told them who you were with? Well, it doesn't matter now. It does matter. It's your reputation. You could be charged. I want to give evidence. Sorry, Liz. Can't let you do that. You don't have to protect me. Are you still with him? Yeah. Well, that's the end of that, then. You go in that courtroom, it all comes out. I can't just look the other way. Liz, please... Don't go near that witness box. You have lovely life. Don't put it on the line for me. Whatever DS Alan Spector did or did not confess while I was representing him is privileged information. A police officer's career is on the line. Give me an off-the-record confirmation, I'd owe you one. As the most beautiful girl I've met this week or as Crown Prosecutor? Prosecutor. The gods taunt me again. All right. If aliens don't descend from the skies within the next couple of seconds, you can assume Alan Spector confessed to stealing Clyde Mason's drugs from the police evidence store. We know Spector took the drugs, we know Ronnie is innocent and we know Valentine lied, but it's all inadmissible. There must be a way to waive privilege. It'd still be hearsay. Do we know a Liz Wakeman? She wants me to call her. She says she's got information on Ronnie. What are you doing? This is wrong. I'm not having this! Liz, you've got to go home. You ain't giving evidence. You're not the boss of me, Ronnie. You never were. This... This is gonna destroy your family. Without Liz, I don't think we can convict Jimmy Valentine. At least this way we stand a chance. Please, Ronnie. Detective Inspector Elizabeth Wakeman. How long have you been a police officer? 24 years. And you worked out of the station where Clyde Mason's heroin went missing Yes. I spent that day with DS Brooks at his flat. We were together all of the day and the whole night. When I left the next morning, he was asleep. He couldn't have taken that evidence. You're quite certain of the date? Yes. It was two days before my tenth wedding anniversary. Thank you. No further questions. Where did your husband think you were when you were committing adultery with DS Brooks? I told him I was working. So you lied. Yes. Have you made a habit of adultery? My Lady, is this relevant? How is it not relevant?! I'll allow it. How many other men have you cheated on your husband with, Mrs Wakeman? Mrs Wakeman? Two. Three adulterous affairs, all of which involved copious amounts of lying? My... My husband and I went through a difficult period. Clearly. Could you please explain to the jury why they should believe the word of a proven adulterous liar? Did you enjoy yourself? You're not supposed to be here. You humiliated her. No, I didn't. She did that to herself with a little assistance from you. I'm so sorry, Ronnie. Now they've discredited Liz, the jury will probably believe Jimmy's version of events, and we don't stand a chance of getting him with what we've got. We'll do it my way now, then, shall we? What were you telling me about men and routine, Jimmy? And here you are, still coming up to the roof of your building, because you won't have a cigarette in your own flat. We know each other too well. Things we've been through, Jim, stuff we've done, mate. We've got to sort this out between us. You know that, don't you? I didn't know you cared, Jimmy. Well, you can't blame a man for trying, can you? Talk as much as you like. Why did you tell the court I ripped off the evidence store, Jimmy? All the times I saved you, Ron. Wiped the puke off your shirt, picked you up from the floor of the gents, lent you a pair of trousers when you'd pissed your own. And you let your boy-band partner come after me. You crossed the line, mate. You went and worked for Clyde Mason. Didn't happen that way. It started small, the odd favour. Nothing big. We were mates, Jimmy. You stitched me up. You knew I didn't take those drugs from that store. Nah, of course you didn't. I told Alan Spector to do it. Had you lot chasing your tails, though, didn't I? You know the worst thing, mate? You was a great copper, Jim. Really. One of the best. Overconfident, but a great copper. Yeah, what did I get for it? All them villains getting rich, having a better life than me. Villains who weren't half as clever as me. And that made you want to work for Clyde Mason, did it? He looked after me. I looked after him. Nobody got hurt. Until Shahid Nafoor. Mason had too much on me. I had no choice. Did you get that, boys? What? It's a microphone, Jim. And like I said... ..overconfident. Members of the jury, have you reached a verdict upon which you are all agreed? Yes. On count one, the murder of Shahid Nafoor, do you find the defendant guilty or not guilty? Guilty. Liz is trying to talk to her husband. Begging him not to leave. I loved her once, you know? Her and Jimmy were my life for a while. I'm so sorry, mate. I can't make it better, but... Chips? On me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 