Law & Order: UK: Season 3, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order: UK 
 s3e4 - Confession - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order: UK (2009–2014): Season 3, Episode 4 - Confession - full transcript 
 Matt Devlin takes it badly when his old friend and fellow cop,Pete Garvey is found dead,an apparent suicide. Garvey's widow says that he had recently been plagued by nightmares and was seeing Jonathan Nugent,a former priest and pillar of the community but in reality an undetected paedophile,who had molested Garvey and others when they were boys. The prosecution build their case on the fact that Nugent's abuse so unbalanced Garvey that he killed himself as a result but Nugent's claim that Garvey was blackmailing him tips the jury on his side and Steel must do a deal with the Catholic church if he is to get a conviction. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate, yet equally important groups - the police, who investigate crime, and the Crown Prosecutors, who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories. I can see them now. Over here! They're here. We were jogging past and heard it go off. You're sure it was a gunshot? We thought it was a firework at first but... He's over there. There's an ambulance on its way. Did you see anyone run off? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No, no. It was all over by the time we got here. OK. You wait here. Sarge, everything OK? Sarge? Sarge? Hotel Yankee from 28. Urgent message, over. 'Receiving, over.' Ambulance required urgently to Battersea Park. Victim is a police officer. Repeat, a police officer has been shot. Ah. Is it him? Yep. PS Peter Garvey. He died before the ambulance got here. There was nothing we could do. His car's at the south exit. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Forensics' going through it. Who was first on the scene? We were. OK. A couple out running heard the shot. Five minutes later they see what looks like a body. Didn't wanna get too close, so they called us. OK. You OK? Yeah. It's his first death. Doesn't help that it's one of us. No. You up for giving your statements, though, guys? All right. Have a word with your chaps. Just get them to ask anyone and everyone if they saw or heard anything at all. OK? Thank you. They were together in CID, weren't they? Yeah. Went through the academy together. Garvey's his oldest mate. Oh. One shot, from the side. GSR on his face. They've walked up to him, shot him, so Pete either knows the shooter... Or he didn't see it coming. Yeah. Here he is. Hey, Matt. Matt, please, son, just a sec. Do yourself - I wanna see him. Matt, Matt. You're not - Sorry, you can't go through. Oh, God. Come on, son. Come away. Hi! No, Matt. No, please. No. I saw him this morning. We were gonna meet at his mother... God, his mum. It's OK, Mel. I'll take care of it. I'll tell her. I'll tell Mary, yeah? So, you were saying, you um... you were gonna meet Pete. The kids go to their gran's every Wednesday after school. So, I close up the shop and go and collect them and if he turns up, then we have tea. And today he didn't show. He left a note on the fridge. 'Working late, love. Don't wait up.' 13 years. I still can't go to bed on my own. I sleep down here sometimes when he's on nights. Mummy? Hey, Danny. Hello, mate. How's my little striker? What are you doing up this late? Where's Daddy? Listen, mate. Why don't we get you back to bed? It's late. All right? You could show me any new toys you've got. How can I tell them? This morning, did Pete mention anything about the day, tonight, or the case he was working on? Talk to Jack Barr. He'll know. He wasn't working last night. He was off duty? You're sure? Check yourself. Any idea who he was meeting? Could be anybody, couldn't it? Whoever it was, they weren't meeting for tea and scones, were they? That's the jobs he was working on. There'll be a list of names as long as my arm in there. Look, I didn't wanna bother his family last night. I should go and see Mel and the boys. No name springs to mind, Jack? A villain he'd nicked, maybe, or a tom he was friendly with? Friendly with? Pete's a family man. You of all people know that. We're just doing our jobs, Jack. Course. We're all a bit shaken, that's all. I'd be shaken too. I mean, god forbid Matty got himself shot, I'd be out there straight away looking for the person who did it and trying to string him up myself. You think I know who did this? I don't know what to think, Jack. How about you? I was hoping to track it down before anyone noticed it was missing. Notice what was missing? Whoever Pete was meeting, it was serious. He went tooled up. Garvey illegally removed a firearm from the property store? There's no gun found at the crime scene. If he went there with a weapon, guv, he had good reason. I don't give a toss what reason he had and nor will the press when some kid gets killed by this gun. Sorry, Matt. Uniform talked to a courier who said she saw two men arguing outside the park. Yeah. Well, there were no prints left in Pete's car. So, we can assume they carried the argument on inside the park. They're at the scene, they argue, it gets out of hand. Pete pulls a gun, they struggle, Pete gets shot. And the killer pockets the gun cos his fingerprints are all over it. Precisely. Any suspects from his active cases? No. They've either got alibis or they're banged up on remand. Robert, overtime. So, why go armed? Is there any suggestion that Garvey could be dirty? Pete's as straight as they come, guv. Matt, only two reasons you go tooled up to an off-the-book beat. It's either to protect yourself or to kill the other fella. Either way, mate, it's not very clever. Which bit don't you get? Work and family, that was Pete's life. Look, Matt, I get it. You just gotta understand, someone has to ask all the tough questions. He's right, Matt. If this is too hard for you, we can always find someone else who can handle it. No, no. I'm fine. You've checked his active cases. Go through his closed cases. Right. Has he talked at all since this started? I'm keeping an eye on him. Thanks, Ron. Forensics report. Hallelujah. What we got? Nothing. No shell casing. No bullet. Nothing. Our killer knows how to clean a crime scene. What. He's dead? I haven't seen Garvey in years. I was at home on Wednesday night. Your supervisor says you were supposed to be working Wednesday. I called in sick. That ain't a crime, is it, lads? No, but you're an ex copper who thought helping himself to coke from drug busts wasn't a crime either. So, you'll forgive our scepticism. That was years ago. That's enough time to forget about a grudge? Those charges were dropped. No. PS Garvey's case fell through. It doesn't mean you're innocent. It means you got away with it. You know the score, Tommy. We're not gonna go away, are we? All right, look. I wasn't sick and I wasn't at home. I was dipping one of the girls in accounts. Charming. Casanova's story checks out. You know what, Matt? I don't think we're gonna find the identity of Pete's killer in any of his old cases, mate. Today's the first Friday of the month, Ron. First Friday we'd always meet up, have a beer, and a moan about work. And? Well, the last few times he cancelled. Right. So when did you last see him? Sunday week. He came round the flat. Something about Danny making the footy team, which was a shock. Pete was crap. And that's it? Well, we always had a few beers, you know? I'd never seen him drink like that before. Let me tell you, when I was drinking like that, it was because something was really wrong inside, eating me up. It had to come out and I had to tell someone. What you saying? Well, if we're not seeing it in his files anywhere here and he never opened up to you... Maybe Mel saw it at home. The only couples who don't have any problems after 13 years of marriage aren't couples any more. If you've loved each other once, you stick together, you make it work. How did Pete seem, recently? He'd been having problems sleeping. Well, that was just work. He didn't talk to me about that kind of thing. He didn't wanna bring that home with him. He talked to you, didn't he, about that sort of stuff? Well, not recently, no. So, how long had this been going on? Six months. Er, a year maybe. I can't remember when I first noticed it. The last couple of months he'd been having nightmares. Had he spoken to you about those? He'd wake up screaming and... broke my heart. Last week I woke up and he was down here in the dark, crying. He asked me what did I think he was worth. I thought regular counselling would make it better. There was no mention that he went to any counselling in his psych report. He wasn't seeing a police counsellor. He was seeing a priest. What? Pete? Yeah. Mr Atheist himself. His mum went running to an old family friend who offered to do counselling, three times last week. He was your old parish priest. Nugent? Father Jonathan Nugent? Yeah, that's him. It's good to see you again, Matthew. Can I get you some tea? We're OK, Father. Thank you. No-one calls me Father any more. Haven't been a priest for... 15 years now. So, how can I help you? Have you seen Peter Garvey recently? No, not for years. But I ran into his mother a few months ago. I counselled her when I was a priest. Peter's father liked to drink. When I bumped into her, she said Peter was having a few problems and that he'd like to hear from me. Did you get in touch with him? I meant to. I've got a mind like a sieve. So, you weren't counselling him at all? No. Is something wrong? Well, Peter Garvey was shot and killed on Wednesday night in Battersea Park. Oh, dear God. That was Peter? John, the kids are heading for bed. Oh, I didn't know you had company. Sorry. I'll be up in a minute. OK. We won't keep him long, Mrs Nugent. OK. You have kids? Yes. Where were you on Wednesday night? What?! Well, I was here with my family. Am I a suspect, Matthew? It's just a question, Father, and nobody calls me Matthew any more. Nobody calls me Matthew any more? Father Nugent wasn't just a parish priest. He was a local hero. He turned the area around. He started up a credit union, set up a youth club. Sounds like he did a lot of good work. Yeah. He was also a paedophile. Does Nugent have any previous? Well, he's moved about a fair bit, Glasgow, Belfast. Half a dozen moves in 15 years. Apart from itchy feet, he's clean. We're wasting our time. Pete's death has nothing to do with Nugent. People do desperate things to bury their past. If Nugent abused Pete, it's a line we have to follow. Someone like Nugent could never get the better of Pete. Pete was armed. How did Nugent get the gun off him or clean up the crime scene? There you go. Maybe he's a fan of CSI. Yeah. You say Garvey visited you on Sunday. Any chance he spoke to your other friends? Pete said that he'd tracked Nugent down. He started watching him. Then last week he slipped up. Nugent spotted him, confronted him. He tried to offer Peter ten grand to go away. Ten grand? Why was Pete following Nugent? He was building a case against him. What? We've been through Pete's files. There's no mention of Nugent. He was doing it off his own back, in his own time. That was years ago, Harry. Not for us, Matt. Pete dealt with it. He was over it. You think so? I guess that shows how little you really knew him, Matt. Erm, Harry, that photograph. Is that you guys when you were kids? Playing football. Where was that taken, Harry? Yeah, that's us. It's the only photo I kept. I burnt the rest. You don't get over what Nugent did to us, Matt. Pete did. He learnt to live with it. Live with it? Yeah. He got married, had kids. He had a job he loved. What cloud are you living on?! Pete wasn't a victim any more. Of course he was! He always has been. This is why he couldn't talk to you. He knew how you'd react. Like it was nothing. Everything's always so simple to you. I trusted Nugent. Sometimes I think it was all in my head. And then I feel sick. I let Nugent do that to me. Nugent lied to us, Ron. Yeah, but if Pete confronted Nugent with a case he was building, one bullet would solve all Nugent's problems. Hold on, Victor. Thank you. That would get rid of Pete and get rid of the case. It means he's not ten grand lighter, either. It doesn't explain the forensics clear-up, though. Don't have to, sunshine. Forensics have just found a bullet. I hate it when you call me that. Don't worry, sweetheart. We got the tests back. The bullet went straight through his skull, travelled 100 feet, got lodged in a tree. We were looking in the wrong place. This came from the gun Garvey took from the prop store? Yeah. Look, we have the lands and grooves on file. Only problem is, now that we've got the bullet, we've got the angle of the distance and the trajectory. It looks like Garvey killed himself. What? How can it be suicide? Look, I know. I know. There was no gun at the scene, no shell casing, no GSR on Pete's hand. Yeah. Exactly. So, it's murder. I'm sorry, Matt, but forensics don't lie. Well, look, you've checked his hands for GSR. What about his gloves? He wasn't wearing any. They were inside his pockets. Then how does he shoot himself? OK, Matt. One sec. Listen, do us a favour, Teddy, get hold of his gloves and forensicate them. OK. PS Garvey wasn't wearing gloves. I remember putting that in my report. You said this was an informal chat. Your report says that the gloves were found in his pockets. Now, our forensic report says that there was gunshot residue on them. Now, our forensic report says that there was gunshot residue on them. So, you can see why we're confused, can't you, Omar? I mean, maths has never been my strong point but this really doesn't add up, don't you think? So, how did the gun residue get onto PS Garvey's gloves if he wasn't wearing them? You are entitled to a fed rep. Yeah, yeah, you are, Omar. But if you've got nothing to hide, you can talk to us as well. The residue could have come from any gun. Yeah, it could have. Do you think we've just floated up the Thames in a bubble, Omar? These gloves were taken off PS Garvey after the gun was fired, weren't they? Don't look at her. Look at me, son. Weren't they? Omar! I think I should talk to my rep. Do you know what I think? The only reason you would destroy a crime scene is because you were paid to. Of course we weren't! This is nothing to do with Omar. It was my idea. When we found Garvey, there was a gun in his right hand. He'd killed himself. No. Why would he commit suicide? He's got everything to live for. He has a wife, he has kids. Yeah, exactly. And if he goes on the books as a suicide, and his pension or insurance policy have an exclusion period, then his family end up with next to nothing. Sergeant Morrow! You destroyed a crime scene. Come on. We gotta look out for each other, don't we? You'd have done the same thing. No, I wouldn't! Now, what did you do with the gun? The shell case and the gun, I dumped the lot in the Thames after work. We think Garvey went to the park to confront Nugent, maybe even to kill him. Couldn't do it. Turned the gun on himself. It sounds like his life fell apart when he heard Nugent was back. Well, nightmares, drinking, sounds like he shot the wrong person. So, what now? Nugent didn't kill Garvey. There's no case, Ronnie. Hang on, James. Nugent may not have pulled the trigger... I know he's morally responsible but that's not the same as guilty in the eyes of the law. What about Harry? Is he prepared to give evidence of his abuse? Harry just wants to forget the whole thing. Last thing he's gonna want to do is stand up in the box and talk about what happened. Have you got any other victims at all? We've talked to the church, social services, paedophile unit, interviewed his wife. Nothing. If there are no witnesses and no victims, I don't have a case. There must be something we can do, surely. The criminal act was 25 years ago, Ronnie. So, that's it, suicide. Well, what about Mel and the kids? Where does that leave them? They came out of this with nothing. I'm sorry for your loss, Matt. I really am, but whatever we think of Nugent, there's no evidence he was an abuser. Right. See you, Ron. Oh, Alesha. I... Is that it? Leave it with me. Morning. James. PTSD. PTSD. Post-traumatic stress disorder. It's not just that Garvey's life fell apart. It wasn't just suicide. He was suffering from PTSD. That's a psychiatric illness. Damage to the nervous system is psychiatric harm, that's recognised by the courts. If we prove Nugent's abuse caused the PTSD, we can charge him with manslaughter. Good morning to you, too. George, it's very simple. All we're doing is bringing a case against an individual. Look, no way. You're not just saying Nugent is responsible for Peter Garvey's PTSD, you're saying that Nugent is responsible for his death. Do you know what I'm doing tomorrow, James? I'm accounting to the chief exec of the CPS for every penny spent on failed convictions. It is Saturday tomorrow, James. I like Saturdays. My wife insists on them. So you want us to come back at the start of the next financial year. Don't be a smart arse! Difficult times mean difficult choices. We tighten our belts, we choose our battles. Besides, no jury will ever buy it. If they don't, they don't. So be it. The point is, we make a stand, for Garvey, for the CPS, for other abuse victims. How could he do it? How could he put a gun to his head, think about Mel and the kids, still pull the trigger? He's a coward, Ron. Looks like the verdict's in. Evening. Jonathan Nugent, I'm arresting you on suspicion of the manslaughter of Peter Garvey. Manslaughter? What are you talking about? Just stay inside, would you? Why are you doing this? Maybe you'd like to get a coat, sir and come with us. Didn't know if you'd make it. He was a good mate. Can't ask for more than that. Mel asked if we'd do a lift. Yeah, course. He carried me home enough times and you. I got your message. You said you had a favour to ask. It can wait till after the service. Why can't you do it? It didn't happen to me, Harry. You're a victim and a witness. I wouldn't ask if there was any other way. I've never talked about this before, Matt. Not to my ex wife, my fiancee. My last marriage fell apart because of... because of what he did to me. I'm finally getting my life back together. I can't go back there now. Look, Pete has left us to pick up the pieces but it's not about him any more. It's just getting up in court... and saying what Nugent did to me. Please. Mel is blaming herself. This isn't her fault. This is our chance to give her some peace. We can put Nugent away. You really think I can do this, Matt? I know you can! I know you can. I can't talk about what he did to me. But I saw Nugent with Pete once. It was in the gym. I can talk about that. Jonathan Nugent, you are charged with the manslaughter of Peter Garvey. How do you plead? Guilty or not guilty? Not guilty. Is there an application regarding bail, Mr Ridley? Most definitely, My Lord. Manslaughter?! Garvey shot himself. Your charge is so ridiculous, it's actually quite amusing. Amusing? Your client abused Peter Garvey to such an extent that 25 years later the damage was enough to make him take his own life. That's amusing? We'll never know why Garvey shot himself, unless you can communicate with the dead. I am a man of many talents. Want to change the law? Stand for parliament. Another satisfied member of the James Steel fan club. What do you do that winds these people up? Oh, you know, breathe. Three missed calls, George. Eight. Conference room. I made a few gentle enquiries, George. If the Cardinal misunderstood my tone, that's not my problem. Gentle enquiries. His exact words were bully-boy techniques, veiled threats and libellous accusations. That doesn't sound like me. Really? Sounds like par for the course to me. Who's his emissary? Father Aiden Brown. Nugent worked for the Catholic Church, Father Brown. We have a right to discover his files. You can't drag us into this case looking for dirt on him and not expect a reaction. Nugent left the priesthood years ago. He was a priest for 20 years. During that time the church moved into a dozen different parishes. He had wanderlust. With the greatest respect, Father, I think his lust was of a very different sort. If the Cardinal's that convinced, why isn't he here in person? Mr Steel, you know as well as I do, mud sticks, especially where priests and children are concerned. We've acknowledged our mistakes. But revisiting the past only serves to undermine the church in the eyes of the faithful. My instructions are very clear. We can afford the best lawyers. So, step lightly. Well, I'm Church of Scotland, so I'm OK. Right, well, let's recap the game plan. We put Nugent away without, and let me just say this again, James, without incurring the wrath of the Catholic Church. His eminence the Cardinal is a sore loser. Golf? Poker, I believe. I noticed a change in Peter. I thought it was my fault. Well, he said it was just work but this was different. He became a stranger. Mel, tell the court how Peter was the week after he met Mr Nugent. Mel, tell the court how Peter was the week after he met Mr Nugent. That last week he had nightmares and he'd wake up covered in sweat. I'd want to hold him and comfort him and... The person that I loved most in the world couldn't bear to be touched. I thought I'd never feel so alone as I did then. Thank you, Mel. How long were you married, Mrs Garvey? 13 years this year. 13 years. And in all that time your husband never once mentioned my client? He never once alleged to you that he'd been abused as a child? No. He never once alleged to you that he'd been abused as a child? No. Is it possible he never mentioned it because it didn't happen? Withdrawn. Rebuttal, My Lord. Mel, why do you think Peter never talked to you about being abused? I guess we were the only part of his life that he had not touched and ruined. Peter wanted to keep it that way. I'd gone back to the gym. I'd forgotten my PE kit and I saw Pete had his hand... down Nugent's trousers. He was masturbating him. Nugent knew we couldn't speak out when we were kids. He knew no-one would listen to us but I'm not a scared kid any more. Thank you. You and Peter Garvey were close, weren't you? We were best friends. Would you lie for him? I'm not a liar. Oh, really? Didn't you once make a false allegation about a maths teacher at your school? That was a mistake. A mistake? Did that teacher touch you? No. That doesn't mean I'm lying about what he did. You're divorced, aren't you, Mr Lucas? Did you cheat on your wife? The witness's personal life is not relevant, My Lord. Is this a fishing expedition, Mr Ridley? The witness lied to his wife, My Lord. Did you? I cheated on my wife but I know what I saw. He abused Pete. Did my client ever spend time alone with you? Yes. Did he touch you? Did he ever touch you? I can't. You can't what, Mr Lucas? You can't remember, can't lie any more? Did my client ever touch you? Did he...ever...touch...you? Did he...ever...touch...you? No. No. Of course he never touched you, just as you never saw him touch Peter Garvey. My Lord, counsel is clearly baiting the witness. I am merely probing the sinew, My Lord, of this witness's story. Please. Mr Lucas has no reason to lie. TELL THEM! TELL THEM! Why won't you believe me? I'm not a child any more. Why won't you believe me? Sadly, we don't believe you, Mr Lucas, because you're a liar. I'm not a liar. This is not fair. I can't do this. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. The witness is excused. He's just down there. Thank you. Detective? I'll call you back, yeah? I need your help. Why would you think I would help you? It's your duty. You're a policeman. I have a confession to make. There was a delay on the tube. My bail conditions say I'm supposed to report to my local police station by seven. It's 6:45 now. Even if I took a taxi, I'd be - It looks like you'll be in breach of your conditions. I was told if I went to another station, a detective there could sign the form. You wouldn't want an innocent man to go to prison for something that wasn't... Innocent? Of course. I never touched you. Why do you believe I touched them? There you go, Father. Thank you. Peter Garvey started to exhibit symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder about a year before he died. This is Peter Garvey's case load from the time he started to develop symptoms of PTSD. Case 445-3692, the investigation of a youth worker who was abusing a young boy. Peter Garvey investigated several abuse cases. Why did this one affect him more than the others? The young boy in the case he was dealing with developed selective mutism as a result of being abused. He wouldn't talk. In fact, he couldn't give evidence against his abuser. Garvey saw himself in this boy. His life fell apart. Panic attacks, waking up screaming, finding human touch unbearable, all classic symptoms of PTSD-generated flashbacks. In the end, I'd imagine he felt death was his only escape. Thank you. So, 'you'd imagine' what he felt. Is that because Peter Garvey wasn't your patient? No, he wasn't but - How can you be certain that his suicide stemmed from this one, alleged event? Abuse is rarely one event. Your observations and conclusions are based on files and hearsay, aren't they, doctor? No more than your observations of him are, Mr Ridley. No further questions. Master show, James. Scottish expert witness. Always plays well with the jury. Gonna bounce back. Don't sell yourself short, Robert. I'm sure you or one of your flying monkeys are already cooking up a way for Nugent to wriggle out of this. No, no. You're home and dry on this one. Unless, of course, that's an application to dismiss all charges. My Lord, my client has brought some fresh evidence to my attention. It appears Garvey was blackmailing my client to the tune of £10,000. No, your client offered Peter Garvey a bribe to walk away. FIU checked PS Garvey's accounts. There is no record of that transaction, My Lord. Financial Investigation Unit clearly didn't look hard enough. £10,000, My Lord, paid into the account of Daniel Garvey. Money does appear to have been placed in Master Garvey's account. Mr Nugent? Why wait until this late hour to bring this matter up? I was trying to protect Peter and his family. I didn't want him to be remembered for this. I didn't know about the money. Of course you didn't. I know that. I thought I'd be more upset when the judge dismissed the case. Then I realised nothing was gonna bring him back. Why couldn't Pete tell me, Matt? Why couldn't he ask me for help? Is that too much to ask? He never said anything to me, Mel. But that was Pete. He was strong. He was also a pain in the arse. Idiot. I miss him. Yeah. Me too. Me too. What year did Nugent leave the priesthood? 1994. He was in Glasgow, joined an accountancy firm the same year. Nugent's been out of the church for years. There's no way he's kept his hands to himself. Where's he finding his victims? Did he keep in contact with the church after he left? He goes to mass once a week, but that seems to be it. He's kept well away from youth clubs and community and youth work as well. How soon after he left the priesthood did he meet his wife? Erm, married Kate Dobbin a year later. She was a single mother then. Her husband died in a car crash. She was left to bring up the kids by herself. She moved out of the house last month, took the kids with her. You don't thi... You think he's abusing his own family? He abused the boys in his congregation when he was a priest. Yeah, but his own family? Social services spoke to them. There's no evidence of any abuse. His wife and kids denied it. Abusers rely on their victims hiding behind walls of silence and shame. Only in this case, it wasn't just his victims hiding. So are the Catholic Church. They've got a lot to lose by admitting what he's done. Seriously? OK. Book an ambulance now, James, because George is so gonna have an aneurysm. Great! We lost a case against Nugent and instead of letting go like a normal person, what's your reaction? Get up, dust myself off, put Nugent back in the dock. Put God in the dock beside him. At worst, the church knew he was a paedophile, George. At best, they turned a blind eye to his actions. I am your friends, James. I want to help you but please, explain to me as simply as possible, what part of 'Do not incur the wrath of the Catholic Church, ' did you not understand? Father Nugent was responsible for these acts. He's just a man. He's not the entire church. I'm sure that distinction will be a huge relief to the Cardinal! The church is not charged with the abuse of children, just merely that they let it happen. You saw how they overreacted when we made our preliminary enquiries. They're scared. I think they're hiding something. Either way, we lost the last hand. They now hold all the cards. So, let's call their bluff. We'll threaten to hit them where it hurts... in their pockets. We'll say Harry Lucas will bring a civil suit against them, just like in Ireland. If that happens, it'll cost them millions. And if they don't? Remind me never to play you at poker. You're playing high stakes, Mr Steel. This shouldn't have taken the threat of civil action to uncover these names. I agree. People like Nugent are part of our past, which some of us would rather not think about. The church tried to rehabilitate him. Apparently they tried everything, treatment, counselling. Everything except hand him over to the authorities. The church and the law have a lot in common, Mr Steel, but as Christians we leave judgement and punishment to God. Our job is to help people and to forgive them. I'm sure that's a great comfort to the people in this file, Father. I've spent the time since our last meeting visiting Father Nugent's old parishes, going through archives, collecting information, talking to his victims. So, why did you collect this? Nobody asked you to. We're all going to be accountable to God one day, Mr Steel. There must be nearly 50 names on this list. The police collected 44 statements detailing your abuse. Where did you get these names? You have my full disclosure. I'll see you in court. You can't do this. It's wrong. Right or wrong, I don't care and neither will the jury. Your client faces a 44-count inditement for serious sexual offences. 44?! For God's sake, Mr Steel! You'll be held accountable to your victims long before you'll be held accountable to God. Your victims have found their voice, Mr Nugent. Look, I have a family. Why don't you tell them to consider locking you up as a gift from me to them? There is absolutely nothing you could say that would make me feel sorry for you. This place gives me a migraine. That'll be your conscience gnawing at you. Oh, please. What if we plead guilty to... ten, including the Garvey abuse? Not good enough. 20? 30? What would be good enough? Nothing. No deals. No pre-trial agreements. His victims want to face him in court. I'm gonna give them that chance. You OK? Yeah. Thanks for doing this, Matt. Damaged goods? Well, if I'd have known that, I'd have told you years ago about the day Eamonn my goldfish died. You'll be all right. 'DS Devlin to court number ten.' 'DS Devlin to court number ten, please.' I swear by almighty God that the evidence I shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. I was nine. I had chickenpox for a couple of weeks and my mum left me home alone during the day. Pete used to visit. One day he said that he'd found some porn mags while he was cleaning the sacristy. I laughed. All the altar boys knew about Father Nugent's dirty magazines but then Pete said he gave him one to look at. Father Nugent had a pornographic magazine in his church? Yes. Father Nugent had a pornographic magazine in his church? Yes. Which he gave to a child? Yes. Nugent had er, told him how to touch himself, Nugent had er, told him how to touch himself, to make it feel better. I sort of found it funny at first but then it went further. Pete tried to show me what he'd done. I remember shoving him away. I told him... it was wrong. How did Peter respond? He was ten. He was confused. I remember Pete got very angry with me. He said that I had reacted like Nugent, shouting and getting upset. Then he started sobbing uncontrollably. You see, earlier that day Nugent had yelled at him. He said that they had sinned, that they'd been sinning for weeks. He'd dragged Pete to the chapel, forced him to kneel in front of the altar, made him swear on the blessed sacrament never to say anything about it. He told Pete that he would go to hell if he ever did. Thank you. No further questions. Did you believe your friend? Of course. Why wouldn't I? Then why didn't you tell an adult? I promised Pete I wouldn't. So, two young boys, discovering sex through pornographic literature. So, two young boys, discovering sex through pornographic literature. It's hardly evidence of abuse. Well, that's not what I'm saying. This had gone on for weeks. Father Nugent repeatedly molested my friend. Hearsay. Did my client ever touch you? Detective Sergeant? Did my client ever touch you? Not like that, no. Then like what? He was always there. He lingered, not with his hands, his eyes. He was always looking at me. He was always there when I was having a shower, always there when I was getting changed. We all knew what he was like. All the altar boys knew? You all talked about Father Nugent? Yes. Made jokes, told stories about him. Sometimes. Isn't it possible the Peter Garvey was making up a story, as a joke? My friend shot himself because of what that man did to him! That is not a joke! So you say but you failed to spot your friend was suffering from depression. Now, it's easier for you to blame my client than to face the truth, which is that you could have prevented the death of your best friend. I'm sorry, I missed your question. You need to ruin my client's reputation. How do you ruin the reputation of a paedophile? You need to believe this lie so that you can live with your failure to act, with your guilt at the suicide of a good friend. I don't need anything other than for that paedophile to be locked up. Have you reached a verdict on all counts upon which you are all agreed? Yes. On count one, sexual abuse of a minor, do you find the defendant guilty or not guilty? Guilty. On count two, sexual abuse of a minor, do you find the defendant guilty or not guilty? Guilty. On count three, sexual abuse of a minor, do you find the defendant guilty or not guilty? Guilty. On count four, sexual abuse of a minor, do you find the defendant guilty...? I haven't been inside one of those in nearly 20 years. Take it easy on him, then, won't you? Pete was my mate, Ron. He always looked out for me. Where was I for him, eh? Nothing you could have done for him, Matt. Pete joined Vice because he thought he could save people, put right the past, you know? That's the trouble with our line of work, it's always too late. Nugent came to see me, Ron. He looked me in the eye and he said he never touched me. But I don't know. There's some times when I'm not sure what I remember and what I don't remember. Well... you're talking to the wrong bloke, mate. I lost an entire decade to cheap whisky. Luckily, it was the 1980s. Don't spill too many beans, will you, son? You've done nothing wrong. I'll be outside when you're ready. Sync by honeybunny 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 