Law & Order: UK: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order: UK 
 s2e4 - Sacrifice - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order: UK (2009–2014): Season 2, Episode 4 - Sacrifice - full transcript 
 When a man is found lying on the ground with a kidney surgically removed, Brooks and Devlin have a case that they believed fell more into the category of urban myth than real-life crime. They quickly focus on finding the intended recipient of the stolen organ. Transplantation is highly controlled and centralized to prevent queue jumping but they soon find a recent transplantation that was completed from outside the system. They soon uncover a tale of a sick woman, a concerned parent and a greedy, disgruntled surgeon. For James Steel, the question becomes one of which of these to prosecute. When he makes his choice, he finds that his boss, George Castle, will defend the case. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate, yet equally important, groups. The police, who investigate crime, and the Crown Prosecutors, who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories. It's not rocket science, Dave. Fabric conditioner on the left, powder on the right. It's as well I didn't marry you for your brains. I'll see you later. Yeah. Bye. Rachel? Rachel! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Rachel, please. You're scaring Mummy. Mummy? There you are. What are you doing? You scared the life out of me. Oh, my God. Thought he was dead. Would have been, if the ambulance hadn't been so fast. Darren McKenzie, 30, cash and cards still in the wallet, so, no mugging. Another random stabbing? He was operated on. How is he? No, I mean, he wasn't stabbed. Someone removed his kidney. You're joking. Scan proves it. They sliced him open, took his kidney, stitched him back up and dumped him. Sorry. I've got to take this. Organ theft, in the middle of London. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And I thought that was an urban myth. Tell that to Darren McKenzie. Last thing I remember...walking back to the flat late last night. You don't remember anything about the attack, Mr McKenzie? I remember waking up. Being cold and numb. Couldn't move. Is there any family you'd like us to contact? There's only my sister. We don't get on. We haven't for a while. You don't remember seeing anyone, hearing anything? Only the paramedic. Nurse said he saved me. The doctors say that you're going to make a full recovery, Darren. Yeah. It's no wonder he's been knocked sideways. Except he's not exactly an angel himself. Text message - ten years ago, Darren McKenzie did time for death by dangerous driving. He's been in and out of prison ever since. Theft, assault, GBH. What, you think someone he's upset has come back and nicked one of his kidneys for revenge? Uniform haven't turned up any witnesses, have they? No, they haven't. What do we know about organ trafficking? It tends to be Eastern European. Gangs preying on people so poor that they sell their body parts for cash. That's not what's going on here? If it's a possibility, we've got to look into it. Matty, there's only one gang operating in the UK that could be involved with organ trafficking, run by Jason 'Non-Stick' Taylor. Murder, corruption, blackmail, fraud on a grand scale. Nicked him 14 times, never been put away. Hence 'Non-Stick'. No. They call him Non-Stick because he likes burning people's faces off with a frying pan. Prosecution witnesses, in particular. Luckily for us, he's under surveillance. Get your coat. So, what can I do for you? It's a case we've got. Organ theft. Bloke found on Wimbledon Common. Did he live? Yeah. We think your target could be our man. Jason Taylor? Could be. He owns a couple of properties in Wimbledon. Have you got a timeline? Yeah. Any time between midnight and 8:00am. Nah. Last night, we had Taylor and his whole crew under surveillance. Definite? Yeah. We got surveillance on the lot of them in a card game. Started around seven. Didn't finish till midday. Nobody in or out. Anyone else on the radar we should look at? For live organ theft? Taylor's the only one psycho enough to do something like that. Sorry, lads. If it's not that crew, who else would want to remove a man's kidney? Religious cult? No, they're normally after the heart. That or they rip the eyes out. What? I've read about it. Doesn't mean I'm in one, right? We've got to get back to basics. If we want to find out who could do this, we need to find out how you do it. You'd need two people. And even that's dangerous. I've done hundreds of kidney transplants, and there's always a team of at least half a dozen. What equipment would you need? Scalpels, scissors, sutures, towels, diathermy. Anaesthetic machine. Anaesthetic machine? That must be pretty big. It's about the size of a cabinet with a telly in it. You're not going to jump out of the bushes with one of them under your arm, are you? Get our admin people to give you a list of suppliers of machines. What about buying and selling kidneys illegally? Well, it happens, abroad. In the UK, if somebody needs a kidney, Central Transplant will try and match them up with a donor. There is a very long waiting list, though. That's in case you need me. Thank you. We're coming at this from the wrong direction. We are? We are. We shouldn't look for the person who stole the kidney, but the person who needs one. She just gave you her phone number. I know. About 3,500 transplants last year. But there are over double that amount of people waiting. I hope you two carry donor cards. There's no point. My ex has already got everything. So, which of these has had a kidney transplant in the last 72 hours? This one in Kent. This one in Cheshire. That's odd. There was a transplant done at Waterloo City Hospital on Friday morning. But we didn't arrange that kidney. Eh? So, who did? No, we arrange every transplant in the UK. They can't have done a transplant without us providing the kidney. Talk to the receiving desk at Waterloo City Hospital. See where it came from. You ever touched a real kidney? I mean, given it a really good, hard prod? Sends shivers up my spine, it does. All soft and squishy and...Eurgh. And as for livers, don't get me started on that. You're the delivery desk for the hospital? Yeah. All organs come through me, in a manner of speaking. You were working Thursday night? Yeah. I was on till five the following morning. Graveyard shift. A kidney came in at 2:34am. And any idea where it came from? An orderly brought it down. I put it in the system at 2:34. 2:38, it went up to Mr Reberty's department. When a donor organ comes in, I check the blood type and the tissue to see if they're compatible. Sorry. I never check the transport paperwork. Why would I? So, does the paperwork say who the donor is, Dr Reberty? Surgeons are called Mr. The job used to be done by barbers, who weren't medically trained. I don't check the paperwork. I'm only interested in the patient in front of me. Why don't you check with my staff? They'll have all the documentation. Thank you. So, the transplant you performed was the only one done that morning. Yes. Joanna Woodleigh, late stages of renal failure, had been waiting for two years. And where she right now? Intensive care. There were complications during surgery. It's nothing serious, but we're keeping an eye on her. Call me if you need anything else. Meet Joanna Woodleigh. I checked the hospital's usual courier firms. None of them delivered a transplant box the night Darren McKenzie was attacked. Right. So... A kidney magically turns up at this hospital, the night that Darren McKenzie is attacked. You know where that leaves us, don't you, Matty? Stolen organs are being trafficked into the NHS. So, the tests prove that Darren McKenzie's kidney definitely went into Joanna Woodleigh. How does a stolen kidney end up in the NHS? I mean, they've got to have systems in place that can - Believe it or not, the receptionist was breaking up a fight at the time. When she got back to her desk, there was a transplant box with transport documents. She got an assistant to take it down to the delivery desk. The paperwork was falsified, but the assistant's and the receptionist's stories tally. What about Joanna Woodleigh? She benefits most. She lives with her dad. Apparently, she's had two previous transplants. Both of them, obviously, failed. She's minted. Private hospital room, private nurse, the lot. What's the one thing money can't buy? Love. A kidney on the NHS. So, go and talk to Joanna Woodleigh's father. I retired six months ago. Worst decision I ever made. Nothing to do but sit at home reading the papers and drinking endless cups of coffee. And I can't even concentrate on that. To be fair, I'd find it hard to think straight if one of my daughters was ill. The carpet's worn thin. So, you had no idea that the kidney that went into Joanna was stolen. Absolutely not. The whole procedure was the same as it's always been before. When did you know that the transplant was going to happen? Early Friday morning. I tried not to get my hopes up. Getting a call about a transplant is no guarantee. You know, you've got the assessment and the cross test. Then it still doesn't go through. But Mr Reberty always said he'd find one for us eventually, and Joanna and I hoped it would be third time lucky. Oh, my God. She's awake. Joanna's awake. I've got to go and see her. Mr Woodleigh, we're also going to need to speak to Joanna. Why? Routine. That's all. Yeah. Sure. By all means. I'll...I'll see you there. How is he? The man that got attacked. Is he all right? Mr McKenzie caught an infection. The doctors are keeping him in. Oh, God. Dad... No, no, no. Mr Reberty says you're going to be fine. You just need to get some rest. We'll sort all this out. I can't believe this. How could this happen? That's what we're trying to find out. Joanna, had you met Darren McKenzie before this, or had any contact with him? No, not at all. Why would I have? Do we really need to do this now? She really needs to get some rest. What happens now? Are they going to have to take the kidney out again? You mustn't worry about anything. You're going to be fine. I want some progress on this. Someone took out that kidney. They didn't do it for free. Well, financial unit have checked Philip and Joanna's bank records. Philip's as clean as a whistle. Joanna has two offshore accounts that they're looking into. Here we go. The beauty of the Internet. Joanna Woodleigh's medical records said she was cytotoxic. I checked it out. Cytotoxic means you reject tissue that is not exactly like yours. It means you need a perfect organ match. McKenzie wasn't just any old punter snatched off the street. Whoever arranged this knew Darren was the perfect match. So, find out how they knew. A few months back, I did a test to see if I could donate some bone marrow to my sister. She's sick. Didn't work, though. Couldn't even get that right. Got the wrong marrow. She's still waiting for a donor. She acts like it's my fault, though. She blames me. Do you know the name of the company that did the test? We want to talk to them. Yeah. Should be in the kitchen somewhere. Great. Do you want us to pick you up anything? Books, clothes? A can of beer. One kidney, shouldn't take me long to get hammered. We'll get you a milkshake. No, I really appreciate that. Thank you. Yeah. Result. Darren McKenzie had an HLA test for his bone marrow. What's that? It's a human leukocyte antigen test. No, what does it mean? It doesn't matter. It's the same test used to match kidney tissue. Anyone who had his test result would know that he was a feasible match for Joanna. So, who would have access to his results, his GP? And the lab that did the test. And I have the address. Very good. Yeah. Medical test lab. We use them all the time. I know, Miss Hale. We've just come from there. One of the lab clerks claims you bribed him to hand over some confidential medical results. It's not exactly a bribe, it's a tip. You know, like you tip a waiter or a cabbie. Look, it was to save time. Everyone does it. Really? Everyone? Have you ever worked in the NHS? It's a nightmare. Paperwork gets lost, results take forever. You have to fight to get anything. All the while, patients are at risk. I did it to cut through red tape. Is that a crime? Darren McKenzie's name was one of those amongst the results. So were hundreds of others. Look, I work here to help people. I thought I did what was right. Now, if there's nothing else... This nurse knew Darren's kidney was a perfect match for Joanna. But you have no direct evidence linking her, or anyone else, with the attack. She works at the hospital where the transplant took place. Coincidence? Circumstantial, unless proven otherwise. Why are you grinning? Whoever operated on Darren used an anaesthetic machine. Guess what? You found the machine. Come on, sunshine. What are you like? I've always wanted to do repairs. Good enough for Kylie in Neighbours, it was good enough for me. Wasn't she a mechanic? Might have known you'd be a Kylie fan. It's mostly repairs we do here, but sometimes we rent out. Used equipment, that sort of thing. She's old and she's seen better days, but she still works. Say hello to Betsey. Name all your machines, do you? Doesn't everyone? And Betsey was rented out recently, yeah? Yeah. First time in ages. Some nurse called up, charged it to... er...Mr... Robert? No. Reberty. Mr Reberty's credit card? I don't know. Mr John Reberty? Yeah. Right. Well, we're going to need to have Betsey forensicated. Be gentle with her. We will. Was she picked up or delivered? Delivered. Some private address up in Archway. 63, Wadsworth Street. Hold on. That's Valerie Hale's gaff. Landlord reckons Valerie Hale is the perfect tenant. Quiet, never brings dodgy blokes home, apparently. Except when she wants to rip one of their kidneys out. She gets the anaesthetic machine delivered to her flat the night McKenzie is attacked. But none of the neighbours saw anyone go in or out that night. Still circumstantial. That's as maybe, but she isn't going to be able to operate by herself. We haven't got any proof it even happened here. Forensics reckon the place is absolutely spotless. But somebody is working really hard to cover their tracks here. NHS trained. Probably sterilise the place. Except some things you can't sterilise. Sheets, towels, scrubs, that sort of business. They'd have been covered in blood. They'd have got rid of them sharpish. No. No way, Ronnie. Are you sure this is the right spot? Valerie Hale's flat was on collection route no.32. The foreman reckons this is where the 32 lorry dumps his stuff, so, stop moaning and keep looking. What did you do today, Matt? Oh, you know, the usual. Poked through 17 rat-infested flea-ridden skips in a rubbish dump. You know what you need, son? A bit of PMA. Positive mental attitude. You'll be surprised what people chuck out. The sofa-bed in my spare room, for instance. No. I've slept in that. You said that was from IKEA. Well, it was originally, wasn't it? I don't believe it. Now, then. Matty. How do you like your physical proof? Conclusive. Yes. Blood type's a match for McKenzie. They weren't found in Valerie's flat. How can you prove it? Her DNA is on the sheets and the perforations of the bin bags matches the roll in her kitchen. The plastic sheets fit the hospital ones. They're from the same roll. What do you reckon? Charge them with unlawful wounding with intent? I'll talk to James. Oh, and erm...you need to open the window. That'll be Stig Of The Dump here. Valerie, you probably think that if you lie convincingly enough, you'll walk out of this door and go home. But do you know what? We spend every day facing down lies. Big lies, small lies, the lies people tell themselves so they can sleep at night. And the thing is, you're so young. You wouldn't want to waste the next few years of your life in unpleasant surroundings because you lied. So, we're politely suggesting that you tell us the truth about your involvement, about why the anaesthetic machine was paid for on Mr John Reberty's credit card, and why you needed Darren McKenzie's kidney. The surgeon, Mr Reberty, came to see me. He told me to hire an anaesthetic machine, put sheets on all the floors. He said we had the opportunity to change someone's life for the better... ..that it couldn't be done on the NHS. So, if we move to the topic of grafting versus host reaction - Mr John Reberty... ..I'm arresting you for the unlawful wounding of Darren McKenzie. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence. If you don't mind. Do you think you can convince a jury that a highly-respected surgeon moonlights as an organ thief? Darren McKenzie was drugged, taken to Valerie Hale's flat, where he had a kidney removed against his will. Not by Mr Reberty. Only Miss Hale's DNA was found on the anaesthetic machine. There isn't any forensic proof my client was at Miss Hale's flat. We have a confession from Valerie Hale, stating it was Mr Reberty's idea. This is madness. I'm a surgeon. I help people. Why would I do this? Your credit card paid for the machine. It was stolen and used without my consent. You can't blame me for what Valerie did. She couldn't have operated on him by herself. I'm innocent. So, why is Valerie Hale saying that you operated on Darren McKenzie? I caught her taking drugs from the hospital. She'd have lost her job, so I didn't tell. She thought I was interested in her. When I said I wasn't, she got upset. She's setting me up. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. Do you have anything more imaginative than that? Unlawful wounding with intent. You're looking at three to four years. Why would I do this? I'd lose everything I'd worked for. Yes, James. I'm fascinated as to how you're going to explain motive. He's right. We need to establish why Reberty would get involved in this. Two days before the transplant, Joanna and Reberty met at a restaurant. There are reasons a patient would meet their surgeon outside the hospital. I've looked into Reberty. He's broke. Put all of his money into property. The downturn's hit him hard. He's got four mortgages, five credit cards, and a very expensive ex-wife. So, he's drowning in debt. Was. A few weeks ago, he cleared all of his debt. All of it? He's in the black for the first time in a decade. Where did the money come from? I'm looking into it, but what if Joanna Woodleigh paid Reberty to find her a kidney? The transplant system is one of the few places where money doesn't talk. Rich or poor, you join a list and you wait. There's one other thing. Philip Woodleigh, Joanna's father. He and George were at university together. Best mates, apparently. Great. Who gets to tell him his friend's daughter might have used her wealth to buy a kidney? We think Joanna paid Reberty to perform the transplant. I remember her when she was this high. She was running about. Into everything. You got tired just watching her. I'm sorry, George. Thanks, Alesha. Good work. I'm sure Joanna felt she had no choice. There's always a choice. This will break Philip's heart. Is there anything I can do? Yes. As there's a conflict of interest on my part, you should report to the DPP on this case from now on. Of course. So, do what you have to do. What's going on? You've got to stop this. I haven't done anything. You don't believe this? Joanna would never do that. Then she's got nothing to worry about. She's just had a major operation. The stress of this could set her back. Please. This is James's case. I have to step back. As a courtesy. I wanted you to hear from me personally. Joanna has just been arrested. What? Have you got me here to keep me out of the way? Better all round, Philip. Right. I had nothing to do with this. I was in hospital having dialysis when Darren McKenzie was attacked. Joanna, we have you on camera in Chelsea with Mr Reberty, two days before your operation. If you wanted to speak to your surgeon, why not make an appointment? He's looked after me for a couple of years now. I didn't realise it was a crime to meet him in public. No. That's the peril of our job, though, you see. We are naturally suspicious. Especially when, two days later, Reberty's got you a kidney courtesy of - I didn't know that would happen. I think you're lying. I think he told you exactly what was going to happen that night when you met him. No. Did you tell Reberty to go ahead? Is that when you arranged to clear his debts? I didn't know anything until - Until? Until what? Joanna, we found this at your property. Do you know what it is? Yeah. It's an HLA test. I must have memorised mine. I had to produce it enough times. Yeah, I bet. Except, of course, this isn't your HLA test. This belongs... to Darren McKenzie. Oh, God. All right. It's...it's all down to me. This is my fault. I paid Mr Reberty to find me a perfect match any way he could. OK. Joanna Woodleigh, we're charging you with the unlawful wounding of Darren McKenzie. There are rules and regulations. Where's my daughter? I'm not waiting any longer. You cannot go in there. Where's Joanna? She's just been charged. She's confessed to conspiring to attack Darren McKenzie. She's lying. What? Get me George Castle here now. Joanna's lying. Why would she do that? To protect me. What are you talking about? It was my idea. Shut up, Phil. It was my idea. I'm responsible. For God's sake, say nothing more. Nothing more. I can't hear this. You need a solicitor. I paid John Reberty to do this. £2 million. I'll give you the details of the payment transfers. I had to work quite hard to disguise it. I told him to find a kidney for Joanna. The system wasn't working for her. I tried to go around it. All the money I have... couldn't help her. So, Joanna knew nothing about this? No, no. She knew that an operation was imminent. And she and Reberty had dinner together, and he told her that he'd find her a kidney. She didn't know where it was coming from? Not till after the operation. She was horrified. I had to do something. I couldn't lose her. I wouldn't be here today if it wasn't for Philip. My mother died when I was in my final year at university, and I was a write-off. I was legless every night. I got arrested. I was so drunk, I couldn't say my own name. Philip came in, lied to the police, told them that my name was Philip Woodleigh. He said that he was George Castle and that he was there to bail me out. They released me. Philip knew that if I got a record, I wouldn't have been able to practise law. He saved me that night. Woodleigh's done a deal? We've charged him with unlawful wounding with intent. We're charging you with the same. What? But he came to me. He was desperate for me to do something. You attacked an innocent man. I knew what I was doing. What gave you the right to do this? Let me tell you about Darren McKenzie. When I found he was a match, I looked into his life. He ran down and killed a young girl. Nothing good has come of him, but I changed that. When his kidney went into Joanna, his existence had meaning. He'd done something good for the first time in his life. Darren McKenzie did not volunteer to donate. You can't make that choice for him. I make those choices every day. That's what surgeons do. The system failed her. I didn't. You think you're better than me, but I have lost count of the lives I've saved. You've never made a tough decision in your life. You did this for the money. I'll tell you about the NHS. They promised me a promotion, then withdrew it. I was swamped with debt by then. Woodleigh's money got me out of it. What's our best hope here, James? If your client pleads guilty to simple unlawful wounding... ..he could get as little as 18 months. But he'll need to give evidence against Philip Woodleigh. Oh, for God's sake. How difficult can it be to file something properly? Are you OK, George? What the hell was Philip thinking? It's Darren McKenzie. He died this morning. Of major haemorrhage. Is it connected to the attack? A renal artery wasn't tied off properly when his kidney was taken. He got an infection. The hospital operated, but he died. This means that Philip Woodleigh is responsible for the death of Darren McKenzie. Oh, God. At least you got bail. I'm not going down without a fight. I need your help. Now, Philip - I want you to defend me. What? That's the craziest idea I've heard, and I go to meetings for the Home Secretary. I'm serious. I need your help. You confessed to the crime. To assault, not manslaughter. I didn't know the boy would die. I can't do it, Philip. When have I asked you for anything? If the situation were reversed - Don't play that card. I'd fight for you. I work for the CPS. There are thousands of defence barristers in London. I can recommend several. No, no. I haven't defended for 20 years. I'd have to turn cartwheels to get my boss to agree. CPS policy encourages employees to gain experience in defence. You've read our website. I always do my research. There's a case to be made. I did this for Joanna. If I go to prison for manslaughter, I'll barely see her. I'm entitled to the best possible defence, George, and that is you. A sabbatical? You're kidding. I've cleared it with the DPP. I'm not conflicted. I've had no prior involvement with this case so far. Thank you. And so long as I excuse myself from office, then I can defend Philip. That is the beauty of the English legal system, James. You're really sure? I owe him this much. And I've already organised my replacement. Good man, very competent. Comes highly recommended. Who is he? You, James. Director of CPS, London. Just don't get too comfy. I'll be back in a matter of months. I've marked the whisky bottle. George, there is no defence here. He's confessed. He's confessed to unlawful wounding, not to manslaughter. That's a technicality. Make your strongest case. I will make mine. May the best man win. The defence submits that the Crown has no case. Manslaughter requires that death be the direct result of the accused's unlawful act. Darren McKenzie was not attacked by the defendant. Causation is not established. In the Crown's submission, Mr Woodleigh caused Darren McKenzie to be attacked. The defendant explicitly told Mr Reberty to...'do whatever is necessary'. 'Do whatever is necessary' is not the same thing as telling Mr Reberty to attack Darren McKenzie. Mr Reberty is a credible witness. If not a credible surgeon. Mr Woodleigh's idea led to Mr Reberty's actions, which resulted in the death of Mr McKenzie. My Lord, Mr Woodleigh took no action against Darren McKenzie. I must accede to the Crown's submission, Mr Castle. There is a case to be heard. Though I wonder whether a jury will succumb to your arguments, Mr Steel. My Lord. Joanna's body had rejected two previous kidneys. There are rules regarding transplants. Having a third is very unusual. Philip Woodleigh came to me and asked me what we could do. I was honest. I said we were out of choices. And what did the defendant say? That he couldn't accept that. His daughter deserved a life. He said I should, 'Do whatever is necessary.' What did you take that to mean? If we couldn't find a kidney by legal means, to try other options. Illegal means? I made it clear that all legal avenues were exhausted. If the defendant hadn't spoken to you, would you have planned the attack on Darren McKenzie? Of course not. The whole idea came from Mr Woodleigh. Thank you. No further questions. You're giving evidence for the Crown against the defendant, aren't you, Mr Reberty? For a reduced sentence. I'm still going to prison, and I'm telling the truth. Once you found Darren was a match, didn't you consider offering him part of the two million pounds to donate a kidney? If we'd asked him and he'd said no, that would have been the end of it. Or more likely, because you wanted to keep that money for yourself. It's no secret, I had a number of debts. Why didn't you look abroad? Source the kidney from another country? Joanna had major organ rejection problems, and worsening renal failure. The chances of finding a match are extremely rare. It would have taken time. Mr Woodleigh felt his daughter was giving up. So, when the defendant instructed you to, 'Do whatever is necessary', didn't you query it? Didn't you want to clarify with the defendant what that meant? No. So, Mr Woodleigh chatted to you about his sick daughter, and you misinterpreted his words. Wildly. The court might have reason to wonder why Mr Woodleigh is on trial for a death that you caused. All rise. You get onto the debt collecting service. Get me a witness statement. He's good, isn't he? Did you ever think he wouldn't be? So, what do you think? Neck-and-neck, I reckon. I never liked the wig. I look like Amy Winehouse. Trust me, George, you don't. I'd forgotten how much I missed this. Last year, Joanna wanted to stop the dialysis. She couldn't cope with it any longer. If I had let her, she would have died within weeks. I knew then I had to do something. What did you mean when you told Mr Reberty... to do whatever is necessary? The NHS system wasn't working for Joanna. And what I meant was, he should try a different approach. Think outside the box. Did you consider that those words could lead to a man's death? Absolutely not. It wasn't supposed to be like this. Thank you, Mr Woodleigh. No further questions. Why did you pay John Reberty two million pounds? To facilitate the acquisition of a kidney for my daughter. So, it was a business transaction, then? In a way, yes. So, you drew up a contract? You had an agreement in writing? No. Why not? Well, it didn't seem appropriate. You didn't want to leave any trace, did you? You knew what you were asking John Reberty to do was illegal. I thought that Reberty would use the money to find and pay someone to donate a kidney that matched. I'd done the research. People live perfectly full lives with only one kidney. You gave him explicit instructions? You asked him to guarantee that no-one would be hurt? No. I thought that was implicit. You expect a jury to believe that a successful businessman like yourself, expert at analysing risks, didn't foresee the possibility of someone getting hurt? I didn't hurt anyone. You paid John Reberty to do it. It's not what the money was for. That £2 million was one thing and one thing only, wasn't it? Blood money. No. Without your payments to Mr Reberty, none of these events would have taken place. It's not that simple. I suggest that it is, Mr Woodleigh. Without you, Darren McKenzie would still be alive, wouldn't he? All I ever wanted was for my daughter to live. Any parent would feel the same. Well, I'm a parent, Mr Woodleigh, and I find your actions abhorrent. Mr Steel, that's enough. I did not intend for that boy to die. Well, he is dead, and you're responsible. My Lord, please. What would you have done? Final warning. What would you have done if it was your child? Stay within the law. Would the defendant please stand? Members of the jury, have you reached a verdict upon which you are all agreed? Yes. On the count of manslaughter, do you find the defendant, Philip Woodleigh, guilty or not guilty? Guilty. I would like to thank the members of the jury in this case. You were told at the beginning of the case to pay particular attention to the evidence before you... No bail this time, then? Afraid not, Philip. Well... thank you, George. George... I'm sorry. What for? You've done nothing wrong. A man died. You prosecuted, I defended, the jury decided. Can you just give me a moment? 70 heroin-filled condoms in her stomach. One of the condoms ruptured. Why would a young British girl risk it? How can she be mixed up with it? Who's your contact in Thailand? I don't know anything. Jeremy's the middle man. He had a contact in Thailand. It's a hopeless case. Even I couldn't win it. Drop the charges. He's never lost a case. Tell us what we want to know or we'll settle for you. The police threatened me, physically. Even I couldn't win this case now. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 