Law & Order: UK: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order: UK 
 s3e1 - Broken - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order: UK (2009–2014): Season 3, Episode 1 - Broken - full transcript 
 Five-year-old Connor Reid is strangled and security cameras show the two little girls who baby-sit him, Paige and prostitute's daughter Rose, take him into the empty flat where his corpse ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the criminal justice system the people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups - the police who investigate crime, and the Crown prosecutors who prosecute offenders. These are their stories. It's an oxymoron. No, it's not. Matty, what are you talking about? Sausages are made from meat, not soya. They certainly ain't made from vegetables. Why should veggies be denied the pleasure of a sausage roll? And it is half the fat. And half the taste. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm at the peak of my fitness. Do not let this cuddly exterior fool you. Blimey! Who died? My office...now. He's in there. How could anyone? He's five, maybe six. Looks like he's only been dead a few hours. Contusions round the... Are you OK, Joy? Take your time, love. Contusions round the neck. Petichiae round the eyes. A bang to the back of the head. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There's curvilinear abrasions here and here, suggesting strangulation. And there's this. Caused by something sharp and pointed, bigger than a pin or a needle, though. Looks like a letter R. What's that on his lips? There was a popping noise when I moved him to examine the head wound. This was on the floor. Someone's poured the whole lot into his mouth. Crackle Candy. Just when you think you've seen it all. How can we have a body when the kid hasn't even been missed? Cos the parents probably did it. Maybe they're at work. It's half term. Even the parents here with jobs can't afford a child minder. They haven't even noticed he's missing. Keep them as far away as possible. There's CCTV all over this estate. They must have caught something. If you can find one that works. I'll get Intel onto it. Talk to the kids. See if any of their mates have gone AWOL. Darren's in the park doing it with Shania Chapman. How old's Darren? 11. 11. Whatever happened to a game of conkers? What's conkers? Conor. Conor. Conor. What's happening here? You all right, son. What's up? My brother Conor was supposed to meet me hours ago. How old's your brother? Six. When did you last see him? This morning. I saw him. He was playing over there. Then this smelly man come and took him. Baseball cap, with like a beard. And wearing a leather jacket. That's what you said. And you saw him with Conor? (MOBILE PHONE RINGS) He smelled like petrol. Right. Devlin. You were so close you could smell him? He walked past her, didn't he? When he walked past you, was Conor with him then? No. He went in with Conor, but he come out on his own. OK. They just picked up Conor's mum from work. She's on her way to the mortuary. (GENTLE SOUNDTRACK MUSIC) I was late for work. I didn't kiss him goodbye. I'm very sorry, but we're going to need to ask you some questions. Do you think he was really scared? You've had some contact with Social Services over the kids? My ex hit Liam once. When I found out I packed his bags. So there wasn't an adult you could leave him with? You think I could afford a supernanny? I work 12 hours a day to keep a roof over our heads. I can't give up cos it's the school holidays. So Liam looks after Conor while you're at work? Yeah. Liam and the girls. That's Paige Ward? Paige and her mate. Always coming round asking if they can babysit. Conor loved them. Can I get Buddy back? That's his toy dog. He took him everywhere. Of course. We need to keep him a bit longer, but we'll let you have him back as soon as we can. I promise. Julie, have you ever seen this man around the estate? We think he's a mechanic. Yeah. He looks like my neighbour's boyfriend - Rob something. No. He works at the garage on Cold Harbour Lane. You think it was him? Maybe you should call your brief. I don't need one cos I know nothing about no little boy. I'm a red-blooded bloke. Look under my mattress if you don't believe me. A witness saw you take him into the flats. Only, you came out alone and he ended up dead. The boy lived in the flat next door to your girlfriend. A witness spotted you abduct him. They need their eyes testing. I banged on my missus' door for ten minutes. Then I went back to work. Did anyone see you leave? I don't know, do I? There was a girl. There was a girl. She must have been about twelve-ish. That's it? Yeah. She had like fair hair. She was a skinny thing. And an Arsenal shirt. And this was at Lexden House? Right by the door, like she was waiting for someone to come out. Here's the problem, Paige. You say you saw the man at the empty flats they're pulling down. He went inside with Conor. I don't like her playing near them flats. We think you saw the man at Lexden House where Conor lived. No. Are you sure it wasn't Lexden House? It was Peldon. I ain't lying, Mum. Paige don't tell lies. She's a good girl. You've never been to Lexden House at any time? No. Are you sure about that? I said, didn't I? I told you. Why's he picking on me? We just need you to help us out. Yeah. Would you like a drink? Want a cup of tea, Matty? Mrs Ward, would you like a cup of tea? Cheers. Two sugars. OK. I chewed my nails when I was a kid. Especially if I was nervous. We had a teacher who'd bang his hand on the table when he saw me do it. Of course, that only made me do it even more. You chew your nails cos you're nervous, don't you? The thing is, Paige, we've spoken to the man that you saw with Conor. He says you saw him at Lexden House where Conor lived. He was by Peldon. And you're absolutely certain? Cross my heart. I won't be angry if you've made a mistake. We all do. If you don't believe her, you can ask her mate. Joined at the hip them two. Someone else saw what happened? Rose. She was with me the whole time. Who is it? Police. Open up, please. Got a warrant? Is your mum there, Rose? She's busy. We just need you to open the door. I'm only supposed to open the door if she screams. Thank you. I don't do threesomes. Your mate will have to wait. Actually, we would like to talk to Rose about the boy who died in the empty flats. Rose don't know nothing about it. Well, we think she could be a witness. So we'd like you both to come to the station for a video ID. Both girls picked out Denton from the video ID. We have enough to charge him. And Denton identified Paige outside the dead boy's flat. Or he saw her at the murder scene. Denton has no previous with kids. The cause of death was by manual strangulation. No signs of sexual assault. He's been flying under the radar. The girls saw him. I still think Paige is lying. Because she chews her nails? It's just a feeling. We can talk to her again. If the girls saw Denton take the kid, someone else must have. Someone did. There's something you need to see. This is Denton outside his girlfriend's flat. At 9:31 he heads towards the car park. Then at 9:35... Another camera picks them up heading towards Peldon House. Please, God, tell me this isn't what I think it is. Look at her. Face of an angel. Paige seems to trust you. You take Rose, but I want a CPS member watching the interviews. I want both girls arrested and cautioned before they speak. You understand that you can have a solicitor here if you want one? We don't need one. She ain't done nothing wrong, have you? No. OK. I want to talk about what happened to little Conor. 'You went out to play with your friend Paige. Is that right?' 'Yeah. We played football.' 'OK.' Do you know Conor - You know she does. Miss Shaw, I need Rose to answer. Come on, then. Rose, did you go to Conor's flat the morning he died? Yeah. Liam left him alone. So you and Paige took him out to play? It ain't nice being left alone. Will this take much longer? Is there somewhere you need to be? I can get a social worker. You don't know me. Just get on with it, yeah? Where did you take Conor to play? By Peldon House. But then this man come and took Conor inside. You know that's where we found Conor, Peldon House? Did he just lay down and die? I think you know how he died, Rose. I don't think there was any man there at all. Yes, there was a man. Look, the man took him. Ask him what happened to Conor. I don't think you're telling me the truth. Yes, I am! You can call that social worker. Mum, you can't leave me. Just listen to what he says. You say, "No comment." I want to go home with my mum. Stay there. I used to sit in these rooms just as twitchy as you. Calm down. I used to sit in these rooms just as twitchy as you. Calm down. Kelly, listen to me. I was worrying about when I'd get my next drink. Mum! Shut up! Kelly! Today could be the first day you don't use. You do have a choice. Your habit or your daughter. Mum. Mum! Mum! Mum, please! (SLURPS DRINK) (SLURPS DRINK) So you like Arsenal? They're the best. It's OK to support them if you're from South London cos really they're from Woolwich. They moved north in the past. That's right. And you have number 11 on your shirt. Van Persie? Rachel Yankey done this talk at our school. Arsenal Ladies. It's all she goes on about. Maybe one day you'll be the next Yankey. I'll never be as good as her. I played a bit as a kid. We had a scout from Arsenal come round our school. Only, I was so nervous about not being picked I pulled a sickie. So you didn't even try? I wanted to, but the truth is I was too scared of messing up. I've never told anyone that before. I feel better now I've told you. You know when you try and keep a secret, and you wanna tell, it sort of hurts to keep it inside. and you wanna tell, it sort of hurts to keep it inside. If you share it with a friend, it feels better. You see, Paige, I think you have a secret about what happened to little Conor. And we're friends, aren't we? Let me share your secret. Make it stop hurting. Mum. She's so close I can smell it. When my girls were little, I took them to the fair one Sunday. We were queuing up. I was paying for them to go on this ride. A typical Sunday dad, over-compensating. I've got toys and prizes I'd won. Pop corn. Candy floss. All that stuff. I turned round, and the little un' had gone. Just disappeared, and the place was mobbed. That is really, truly frightening to me. Do you know where she was? And me a copper, an' all! She'd sneaked into the stall next door, and was trying to nick a goldfish. (SIGHS) I tell you, kids, mate! It's frightening. We should get back in there. Yeah. Just give us a minute. Tell me it ain't true you got them girls in there. They wouldn't hurt my Conor. They wouldn't! We're just talking to them at the moment. But they're just kids. Tell me they didn't do it! Please, I need it. (SOBS) That's you, isn't it, Paige? Number 11, like Rachel Yankey. And that's Rose, isn't it? And that's Conor. You see, there's cameras all over the estate. They take pictures of people walking about, going in and out of the blocks. This picture was taken about 20 minutes before Conor died. There's other pictures that show the man you picked out leaving the estate before Conor died. Do you think mum realises just how serious this is? Who wants to believe their kid's involved with something like this? The poor woman's in shock. I would be if that was one of my girls sat there. Maybe we should get Matt to ask again if they want a brief. She's gonna spill any second. You know I love you, babe, no matter what you done. You have to tell the policeman the truth. Who went into Peldon House with Conor? Just me and Rose. And little Conor. We took him. And did someone hurt Conor? He was crying. He wanted his mum. And Rose put her hands around his neck. He tried to get her off, but he fell back and banged his head against the wall. It's OK, baby. It's OK. What happened next, Paige? She got on top of him. 'Started squeezing his neck again. When she got off he just lay there.' And then she got out this compass, like we use in Maths, and told me to scratch my name on his tummy. And you did it? I only did the P. I couldn't do the rest. Then she took it off me, and done another line to make it an R for Rose. Can we go home now? 'Police have arrested two girls aged 10 and 13 on suspicion of the murder of five-year-old Conor Reid. Conor was found dead at the Kelvedon Estate last week. It's believed the girls were moved to a secret location last night after the police station came under siege from angry protestors.' after the police station came under siege from angry protestors.' This is getting out of hand, and we haven't even charged them. Little girl killers - the public can't stomach it. It's understandable. Kids killing kids. This is as bad as it gets. What are the girls saying? They blame each other. What about the forensics? The girls were tested too late for contact trace evidence. We're waiting on the analysis of their clothing. Till then there's no way to know who is telling the truth? The police believe Paige is telling the truth, that Rose is the killer. She cooperated fully. She'll give evidence against Rose in court. What does her brief want in return? A Section 73 agreement. Paige has given a statement detailing exactly how Rose Shaw killed Conor Reid. She's a witness, nothing more. Your client carved her initial into the dead boy's skin. She colluded with her friend to concoct a story. Under duress from Rose Shaw. Come on, Luke! Rose is three years younger than your client. And bright as a button. Paige has learning difficulties. The police believe Rose Shaw acted alone. A jury will, too. Paige pleads guilty to assisting an offender. She's practically handing you Rose Shaw with bells on. She's practically handing you Rose Shaw with bells on. The least you can do is drop the charges. That's the deal. Take it or leave it. We sign that agreement, there's no going back. Paige gets immunity except on assisting an offender. OK. Get the papers signed. But we charge Rose with murder. Who's her brief? You so don't want to know. Come on. How bad can it be? There he is, Balls of Steel. Kim. You don't call. You don't write. You didn't seriously expect any deals? You did get my email? Don't tell me it's still floating in cyberspace. You did get my email? Don't tell me it's still floating in cyberspace. I told our new clerk when we need to disclose something to the Crown now means now. What are you disclosing? I've brought you a spare copy just in case. Deep breaths. Rose Shaw is ten years old. She played no part in this horrific crime, and is devastated to learn her best friend says otherwise. I ask you to release this poor child into her mother's care. Miss Sharkey, much as it irks me to have to consider locking up a ten-year-old, Paige Ward has your client choking a boy to death with her bare hands. I simply cannot ignore such a statement. Indeed you cannot, My Lord, were said statement taken legally. However...I suggest that is not the case, and hereby apply to have Paige Ward's interview excluded. I request an immediate adjournment. The Crown have not been informed of any such application. I request an immediate adjournment. The Crown have not been informed of any such application. And yet Miss Phillips appears to have a copy right there in front of her. And yet Miss Phillips appears to have a copy right there in front of her. Because you handed it over five minutes ago. Either it was disclosed or it was not, Mr Steel. Continue, Ms Sharkey. At her interview, Paige was not accompanied by a solicitor or an appropriate adult. She was accompanied by her mother who refused legal representation. A woman with an IQ below a 12-year-old's. Unlike their morals, which my colleague shares. Miss Sharkey, Mr Steel, my chambers now, please. After meeting Paige's mother I had her IQ tested. We also found she has learning difficulties and mild autism. There wasn't time to second-guess her IQ. The police had act quickly to gather evidence. They coerced a 13-year old girl into saying what they wanted to hear. They bribed her with a meal, and chatted about her hobbies. They bribed her with a meal, and chatted about her hobbies. The officer was creating a bond of trust. They assumed the mother would intervene if she was unhappy. She wouldn't have intervened if DS Devlin had danced the fandango. The only one making a song and dance is you. What have you got for your finale - Enough! The whole point of an appropriate adult is to safeguard the rights and welfare of young people in custody. I intend to play this one with a straight bat. I'm granting Ms Sharkey's application to exclude the statement. That statement put Rose's hands round Conor's neck. The Section 73 based on it, now we can't even use it! You must have realised Tina Ward wasn't an appropriate adult. Do I look like Derren Brown? She came across like half the adults we meet. We don't deal with Mensa candidates. Any other judge would have thrown Sharkey out of court. Blame Justice Pedotti. Any other judge would have thrown Sharkey out of court. Blame Justice Pedotti. Do we have a case without that statement? Please tell me forensics will confirm Rose's guilt. Without a doubt. Conor's DNA will be all over Rose Shaw's clothing. Let's get this over with, then. We represent Conor, which means we represent you. We're certain the forensic analysis of the girl's clothing will give us the evidence we need to put Rose behind bars for a long time. She'll go to prison? Initially she'll remain in secure local authority care. When she's old enough she'll go to a young offenders' institution. Then an adult prison. Her whole childhood. She won't be released until her early 20s. I saw this woman on the news last night. She said Rose Shaw was Satan reborn, that they should bring back hanging just for her. I've never heard so much hate in someone's voice. Public feeling is very strong. All these flowers on the estate, sack loads of cards every day like they all knew him. All of them out there feeding off my boy's death. Then it takes over their lives. It's like they need it. The funny thing is all I want... ..all I need is to let it go. The trial can help you do that. Sending her to prison won't help me. It won't bring my boy back. Most victims' families find it gives them a sense of closure. Closure? This ain't closure. This is revenge. No, that little girl don't deserve it. She's been through enough. We live on the same estate. I know what goes on in there. She broke the law in the most terrible way. She's a child. Want to hide her behind a ten-foot wall so no-one has to look at her? No-one has to ask her who's really responsible for Conor's death? No-one has to ask her who's really responsible for Conor's death? No. No, no. It's too easy. Prosecuting kids is never easy. My Conor, he used to... he liked to draw them pictures, the ones where you put the paint through straws. He loved dogs. That's how I wanna remember him. My happy little boy. I don't want my memories clouded by hate. Would you want your son brought up in a world with no hope? You can't save Conor. But you can save her. Yeah, you can give Rosie Shaw a life. You can forgive her? I hate what she did with every bone in my body, but... ..but I'm a mum. I can't hate a child. You say you represent me, then this is what you do. You make Conor's life mean something. You find out why she did it, and you get that little girl help. We have to help her. We can't just drop a murder charge. The DPP will have your balls and mine. Not just the DPP. The Attorney General wants Rose convicted of murder. So that's it. Our hands are tied. Not on my watch. You heard what Mrs Reid wants. What do we do? My granddaughter is the same age. She spends her time riding ponies and making daisy chains. I want to know what makes a girl of ten put her hands round a child's neck, and squeeze the life out of him. Rose, did you worry what your mum was doing with these men? My mum says that psychiatrists mess up your brain waves. Is that what you're gonna do to me? Dr Marsh believes the abuse changed the physiology of Rose's nervous system, Dr Marsh believes the abuse changed the physiology of Rose's nervous system, which means her responsibility was diminished at the killing. We offer Sharkey a deal, then, get Rose the help she needs. The police just called. Forensics are in. Are you sure? Forensics don't lie. Kids do. But everyone was so certain. There are 148 microscopic spots of blood on the front of her shirt. Which means that when the boy died, the one with her hands around his throat was Paige Ward. We have a Section 73 signed and sealed. You can't charge Paige with anything further in this case. Your client had Conor's blood all over her shirt. Which means that when Conor Reid died the person in contact with him was indeed Paige, and not Rose Shaw. It isn't true. It was Rose. Must I remind you again, gentlemen, my client isn't here to be interrogated. Paige, you trust me, don't you? I need you to tell me the truth. We can walk out of here right now. It's not what you think. You don't have to say another word. I want to explain. After she done it, Rose just left. I picked Conor up, but he made this noise, like a cough sort of. Why did you move him? I wanted to take him home to his mum. But then Rose come back with the compass. I swear I didn't hurt Conor. I put the toys there in case he got lonely. The pathologist has re-examined Conor's body. He found pulmonary interstitial emphysema - a build up of pressure in Conor's lungs caused by blood blocking the airways. It could have been released when Paige lifted him up or when she was choking him. So much for forensics proving which one did it. Sharkey will have a field day with this. Maybe not. According to the forensic report, there were seven curvilinear abrasions on Conor's neck. Three at the front were made by Conor trying to prise his attacker's hands off. Four at the back made by his attacker choking him. The report said without finding Conor's skin in the fingernail scrapings there was no way to know which girl made them. But Paige's fingernails are bitten to the quick. The nail marks on the back of Conor's neck. Rose Shaw has a defect on the nail of her left forefinger. The same defect can be seen in those marks. 148 spots of blood on a shirt spell murder to a jury. Four nail marks spell a bit of rough play. You should give juries more credit, Kim. Lucky for you we don't intend to put this to a jury. A deal? I'll accept a manslaughter plea due to diminished responsibility. Rose gets a hospital order with a Section 41 restriction. You want to put her in hospital? Don't you? Rose needs treatment. Thanks, but no thanks. I'm giving your client a way out of a murder charge. It's in Rose's best interests to have someone try and fix her. The child's a monster. I doubt anyone could fix her. You're only offering a deal because you're worried I'll win. Forget Rose. You just don't want to give up your 15 minutes. Cases like this come along once in a lifetime. They're career makers. This isn't a short cut to silk! It's a child's life. Do calm down, James, or you'll be comparing ulcers with George. The jury are going to see a very pretty little girl and hear how the Crown made a deal with a teenager who had the victim's blood all over her shirt. I know who I'd believe. She's a killer. When the jury see photographs of a strangled five-year-old, they'll want her in a prison cell. The prison system can't provide the treatment this girl needs. The prison system can't provide the treatment this girl needs. Why the preoccupation about treatment? The public don't care about treating killers. They ought to. If we send her to hospital, she will be released only if and when she's no longer a danger. Justice Pedotti will make sure she gets a minimum of 12 years. There's no votes in being soft on children who commit crimes. I don't decide on the basis of what gets the Home Secretary most votes. Lock her away, and you might as well kill her. I'm not asking. As Director of Public Prosecutions, I'm telling. You try that girl for murder... and you make sure she's convicted. That woman was put on this earth just to irritate my duodenum. Whatever it takes, you guarantee that that jury find on manslaughter, diminished responsibility, and not murder. I want that girl in a hospital, not a prison. What about the DPP? Screw the DPP? I answer to Conor's mother on this one. Dr Guinott talks about kids being like white cement. Whatever falls on them makes an impression. In Rose's case, her abusive upbringing means she has a callous lack of concern for others. So she lashes out. Is she in control of her actions? I don't believe at the time of the killing she intended to kill or understood the permanency of death. Can her condition be treated? It must be treated. Rose needs intensive psychotherapy and pharmaceutical treatment. Thank you. No further questions. Did you examine Paige Ward? No. Because the Crown didn't ask you to. That's right. Yet Rose told you repeatedly Paige killed Conor. That's right. Yet Rose told you repeatedly Paige killed Conor. Yes, but denial - How are we to know what Paige Ward's mental state was when Conor's blood splashed all over the front of her shirt or when she carved her initial into his stomach? Does my learned friend assume the witness has psychic powers? How else could he answer such questions? Please reserve questions regarding blood evidence for the appropriate expert witness. Apologies. No further questions. "Evil from the day she was born." How can a mother say that about her own child? Trial by tabloid, just what we needed. The trial's not even over and she has the public baying for her daughter's blood! Along with the jury. Any chance of them believing her diminished responsibility, her mum just blew it. Find a way to make that jury see what we see. I'm sorry. I don't know what else we can do. Make them see Conor Reid is not the only victim. Rose Shaw is an abused child. She's a victim, too. No comment. Reporting restrictions exist to protect your daughter. You don't care about her welfare. I don't know what you mean. Thanks to your snivelling to the tabloids, the whole country have already made up their minds about her. You shouldn't be talking to her. Why not? She isn't a witness. She should be. If the jury saw her true colours, they'd lock her up, not Rose. So let's call her. Can you tell the court how you make your living? I ain't on trial here. Can you answer the question, please? I'm a masseur. You're a prostitute, are you not? We don't all have parents to fund us through university. Is Rose aware of what you do? When the police came to talk to Rose, you were engaged in a sex act while she was in the next room. Plenty of mums work from home these days. Rose told Dr Marsh she'd seen her mother working. Doctors twist things. She'd also seen sadistic pornographic films which you watched with clients. They turn her into a killer? Did one DVD show a man passing out having been manually asphyxiated during sex, and another showed a man taking pleasure in being cut? during sex, and another showed a man taking pleasure in being cut? You can't prove she saw them. Can you prove she didn't? I done my best for her. Were you doing your best for Rose when you tried to give her to a stranger when she was six weeks? I was 16. It weren't easy stuck on your own with a kid. What about when you sold her cot to fund your crystal meth habit? I had a problem then. I owed money. Rose don't go without now. Because you work as a prostitute in a room next door to hers? She don't see nothing. She doesn't hear it? She doesn't deal with the fallout? Like the time you were beaten senseless by a client? That only happened once. How would you have protected Rose if this client had decided to turn his attentions to her? He didn't. Can you be sure of that? You were unconscious for quite some time. It wasn't until your next client turned up six hours later that an ambulance was called. Rose was OK. Rose was four. She thought you were dead. But you don't really care what happens to her. Not true. You don't care that she's choking a five-year-old boy so long as it doesn't interfere with your habit. You don't care that she's choking a five-year-old boy so long as it doesn't interfere with your habit. You're making out I'm a bad mum. I am shouting it loud and clear. You are a terrible mum. You haven't got the first idea how to take care of your own child. I didn't kill that kid. You might as well have done. You turned her into exactly what she is, did you not? You turned her into exactly what she is, did you not? No further questions, My Lord. On the charge of murder, how do you find? Guilty. Rose Shaw, you have been found guilty of murder. You alone are responsible for the death of a defenceless five-year-old boy. What you did to that child is every parent's worst nightmare. I've heard all I need regarding your state of mind and the circumstances of your background, and see no need to wait for further reports before sentencing. I hereby sentence you to be detained at Her Majesty's pleasure with a minimum term of 12 years. Rose! Mum! Mum, please! Mum, please! Rose! Mum! Will she serve the whole 12 years? I don't know. Dr Marsh has agreed to work with her in the secure unit. When she's 15, rest assured I will personally appeal against her move to prison. Conor used to sleep in my bed. I never could settle him into a cot. In my arms he'd sleep ten hours straight. I used to watch him half the night, thinking how lucky I was. I bet no-one ever looked at Rose Shaw and felt lucky. BOY: Thanks. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 