Law & Order: UK: Season 3, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order: UK 
 s3e5 - Survivor - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order: UK (2009–2014): Season 3, Episode 5 - Survivor - full transcript 
 Prison officer Charlie Tyner is found, shot dead, on a Hackney council estate. Prime suspect, recently released pedophile Ellis Bevan, has an alibi and the police later learn that Tyner ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups. The police who investigate crime and the Crown Prosecutors who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories. Throw the gun down. Throw the gun down. Kelisha! It's my go now, anyway. Want it? Can't have it. Give me the gun. Shanay, don't be like that. Shanay! Don't be like that! I gotta merk you first. Bang! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Bang. A couple of kids found the gun in the bin, then they found him. Any ID? Wallet's gone. What do you reckon? A mugging gone wrong? At gun point? Four gun-point robberies on the estate this year. A Russian-made Baikal. Nine mil. Baikals are used to shoot tear-gas pellets. This one's been converted. Shoots live bullets. And he was target practice. Any more on the gun? Well, both girls' prints were all over it, but it looks like whoever shot him was wearing gloves. Forensics have found traces of latex. Can we link a Baikal to any known sources? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Converted tear-gas pistols are getting popular. Two teen drug dealers shot in New Cross last month. So could be a gang link. Guv! On my way. Any news on the ID? The Prison Service just confirmed it. What? He's a con? He's a prison officer. Charlie Tyner. Wife and three kids. 18 years in the same job. Ashbridge Prison. Suddenly, six months ago, Charlie gets a promotion. Senior Officer at Cold Norton. Cold Norton is the other side of Essex. So what's Charlie doing wandering round Murder Mile? That, my boys, is for you to find out. In case you're worried, love, that ain't a file. Charlie Tyner works as a regular officer at Ashbridge for 18 years, then all of a sudden becomes ambitious? Charlie wanted to be there for his kids when they were growing up. He applied for a promotion the second his youngest went off to uni. And he was a good officer. Yeah? The best. Last week, he found one of the girls trying to hang herself. Charlie cut her down, gave her mouth-to-mouth. Do you get a lot of suicide attempts? Too many. Most of the women have mental-health or addiction issues. If one of Charlie's girls self-harmed or attempted suicide, he'd take it very personally. If one of Charlie's girls self-harmed or attempted suicide, he'd take it very personally. His girls? All our girls have personal officers. Someone to go to if they've got a problem. What about Charlie? Did he have any problems of his own? Or did he make any enemies? He locked up Cat A prisoners. What do you think? OK. Well... Did he rattle anyone's cage in particular? Not here, but there was a male prisoner at Ashbridge. Ellis Bevan. Convicted for abusing little boys. I gave Charlie time off to speak against his release at his parole hearing. And we can find this Bevan at Ashbridge? Probation will have his address. He got out two days ago. OK. Not to worry. Thanks, Trev. Well, Probation haven't seen him since he got out. What? He's gone AWOL? Uniform spoke to his room-mate at the bail hostel. Apparently, our Mr Bevan has landed himself a job. Nice to see his criminal record didn't hold him back. So where do we find him? Well, let's put it this way. You're going to have to be on your best behaviour. No running, bombing, diving or heavy petting. Eh, watch my floor, you'll get it wet! Go on. Go on. Get off with you. Ellis Bevan? Who wants to know? Can't you guys just leave me be? Your probation officer says you forgot to sign the register. And yet here you are working with kids. I'm rehabilitated. I took the Sex Offender Treatment Programme. Mention that when you applied for the job? It's not a job. I'm volunteering. Oh, well, that's all right, then. Ellis Bevan, I'm arresting you for breaking the conditions of your licence. Ellis Bevan, I'm arresting you for breaking the conditions of your licence. I was somebody. Swansea Lifeguard Of The Year. Five times on the bounce. Why don't you tell us about your grudge against Charlie Tyner? See this? I was on the numbers for protection. Tyner comes to me, he says I've got to go and see the Governor. He takes me to this empty TV room. Then this... lifer comes in and starts throwing boiling water over me, didn't he? Well, Tyner just stood there laughing. He may as well have done it himself. Makes it harder to win over the little boys, does it? It happened once and he was nearly 16. So you thought you'd get your own back on Tyner? I'd like to. I bet it made you feel like a big man, watching Charlie Tyner beg for his life. He's dead? Like you didn't know. You two are joking, right? So what did he do? Piss off a few of your pals on Fraggle Rock? Did you all club together to get a gun? Do I look like the sort of bloke who carries a shooter? Where were you last night, Ellis? Bed! My curfew is at 8pm, isn't it? Serco has Ellis Bevan and his tag in that hostel all night. If Daffyd Hasselhoff was tucked up with his cocoa, then who shot Charlie Tyner? They say money talks. Find out how FIU is getting on with his bank statements. Right. The Financial Investigations Unit have found a regular payment and it is not Charlie Tyner's gas bill. The Star Hotel. Yes. The Star Hotel, Harlesden. What is family man Charlie Tyner doing staying at the Star Hotel in Harlesden once a fortnight What is family man Charlie Tyner doing staying at the Star Hotel in Harlesden once a fortnight up until six months ago? There was a shooting at The Star Hotel. Dealer gunned down while at it with a tom. Bullet went through them both. A knocking shop. Was. Got shut down. After the shooting. Shouldn't be too hard to find one of the girls who used to work there. The girls from The Star Hotel reckoned you'd gone up in the world. Charlie Tyner. Used to be one of your regulars at The Star. I don't do that now. I dance. That's all I do. But you know him, right? Kalina, he's dead. Someone put a bullet through his head. Maybe they didn't like what he was into. What was he into? What was he into? Heroin. Are you saying he was using? Using? Charlie was a dealer. Dealing. It explains how he wound up in Hackney with his brains blown out. Pissed off a rival dealer? He pissed someone off. Half a kilo of smack is a lot to shift in a fortnight. Must have had a lot of customers. Must have had a captive audience. Well, drugs either get in on visits or over the wall. Or in a dodgy screw's lunch box. If Charlie was dealing drugs at Cold Norton, someone there has got to know about it. If Charlie was dealing drugs at Cold Norton, someone there has got to know about it. Tamika Vincent. Mandatory drug testing every couple of months. This time, she refused, went mental. And that's not like her? No. Trouble in the past, but she's been keeping her head down, wants to get back to her kid. Trouble in the past, but she's been keeping her head down, wants to get back to her kid. I was trying to talk her into making the most of her time, do a few courses. Did you get her sample? Officer Dawson gave her a choice. The test or two weeks in segregation. What did she choose? She chose the seg. No TV, no visits, no privileges, no nothing. Tamika Vincent. More than she deserved, the mouthy little cow. Can we talk to her? She's still down the block. Been there three weeks and still can't behave. Threw her lunch over me yesterday. I should have C and R'd her, only the new boy here is a softy. C and R? Control and Restraint. If her lot could be banged up in the block 24/7, it'd make our lives a lot easier. If her lot could be banged up in the block 24/7, it'd make our lives a lot easier. I thought she'd started education. Education? The only lesson she needs to learn is who is boss round here. Isn't that right, new boy? Yeah. Another couple of weeks in the seg, that'll teach her. Who's Tamika's personal officer? Charlie's girls haven't been assigned new ones yet. Short-staffed, as it is. Now we've got all Charlie's bodies, too. Still, nice to have time to read the paper. Eh? Charlie Tyner was your personal officer. So? So that means... you must have got to know him pretty well. Feeding your habit, was he? I ain't no baghead. Come on, Tamika. We know you're using. Was Tyner supplying you? And if he was, I wouldn't be telling a couple of 5-0, now would I? Tamika Vincent is from the same estate in Hackney where Charlie Tyner was shot. She knows something. Yeah, but she's not talking. Alesha Phillips was on the prosecuting team. Tamika was a body-packer. She flew to Jamaica, swallowed condoms full of cocaine and flew back to the UK. Tamika was a body-packer. She flew to Jamaica, swallowed condoms full of cocaine and flew back to the UK. Must have been a hell of a stash to bag seven years on a first offence. She swallowed ten condoms, ten grams in each. She gets seven years and our Welsh paedo gets three? Take it up with the Judiciary. We offered to drop the charges, if she gave evidence against the dealer she was muling for. You knew who he was? It was Jackson Marshall. We've been after him for years. I've lost count of the number of women doing time for Marshall. A real chance to put him away, but without Tamika's help, we couldn't prove a thing. So Tamika took the rap? Like all the others. Make yourself useful. Blimey! She gives us the goods on Marshall. We talk to the Parole Board. Good luck with that. Marshall has got his mules exactly where he wants them. In prison. Away from their families. If they talk, someone they love gets hurt. I thought Tamika would be out on a tag by now. She was supposed to be out six months ago, but she hasn't exactly toed the line on the inside. She was supposed to be out six months ago, but she hasn't exactly toed the line on the inside. The girl's had more adjudications than Ronnie has had kebabs. She had a baby. I thought that'd be an incentive to get home as quick as she can. You want to see the state of her arms. She's cut her wrists right up to her elbows. The poor kid has got to really hate herself to do something like that. Tamika knows what Charlie Tyner was up to. Only she... Well, she won't talk to us. You want me to go? No, Matt, I am so not her favourite person. What's not to like? Wouldn't hurt to call her brief? Take me back to the block. In you go. I said, take me back to my cell. Please, Tamika. Just hear me out. Like you're gonna say anything I want to hear. Sit down, Miss Vincent. She's offering you the chance of an early release. I'm dealing with the Charlie Tyner case. All I need - You need me to help you. It's not like you helped me three years ago. Blood. I tried to. Yeah. Right. Let's just talk about Charlie Tyner. Charlie who? Do you think I wanted to see you sent to prison? We both know you imported those drugs for Jackson Marshall. If he hadn't got you so brainwashed, you might have - Yeah, but I don't blab, so you dump it all on me. It wasn't my decision. For a few grams of coke, you took me away from my little girl. You got me banged up in this shit-hole. Yeah, you get to go home to your posh flat and your happy family, while I'm rotting in here! Sit down. Tamika, please. You messed up my life! You did this to me! Get in! Tamika. Tamika! You can take the girl out of Hackney... You should see the other girl. Are you going to press charges? And give her a real reason to hold a grudge against me? Anyway, I found something. Two days before Charlie Tyner's death, Tamika called a mobile phone. The Central Task Force have been monitoring it. It belongs to one Jackson Marshall. He pulled the trigger? Wouldn't be the first time. The police reckon he's responsible for half a dozen drug-related shootings, they just can't prove it. We know he's capable of moving large quantities of drugs. So Marshall gets the drugs to Tyner. Tyner gets them to the prison dealers. And Tamika gets caught up in the middle. Again. If she'd helped us put him where he belongs, he couldn't have touched her. You really don't like losing, do you? The girl attacked me, James. I'm not exactly feeling the love right now. Murder beats a drugs charge any day of the week. If Marshall did kill Tyner and you can get her to talk, I can put him inside for life. She's too busy lashing out to listen to me. You've seen where she grew up. Seen it? I grew up there. She could be in my shoes, if she wanted. And you could be sewing mailbags at Cold Norton. No, because I got up off my backside and worked three jobs to get myself through law school. Maybe she didn't have your brains... or your balls. We need her to talk. Forget your history. Talk to her family. No way Tamika is involved in drugs. It was a one-off, a mistake. She hasn't mentioned any problems to you? We only get up there once a month. It takes three hours by public transport. All she wants to do on visits is hug her little girl. Did she mention her personal officer at all? Charlie Tyner. What's he got to do with Tamika? She might be able to help us find his killer. If she does, she could get home early on a tag. A tag? What about her appeal? Her appeal was turned down six months ago. She called me last week about it. I've borrowed money for the solicitor. Tamika sent someone round for it. Who? I need to know, Mrs Vincent. A bloke she used to be involved with before she went down. Jackson Marshall? Take the back and these stairs. Rise and shine. Well, unless he's had a sex change and started bleaching, that is not Jackson Marshall. Nah, this is Jackson Marshall. You wanna tell me why you people are carving up my yard? Translate, Matty. I don't speak wannabe gangster. Ain't no wannabe about it, old man. Which is why we're 'carving up your yard'. I want my brief here, quick time, you feel me? Jackson Marshall, I'm arresting you on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Charlie Tyner. Right. So, what have we got here? Fish fingers, pizza, ice cream... ..and 0.9mm bullets. You didn't buy those at Iceland. So... Who am I supposed to have shot? A prison officer called Charlie Tyner. What issue would I have with some screw? The nearest I've been to jail is when I passed 'Go'. My top hat landed on Pall Mall. The nearest I've been to jail is when I passed 'Go'. My top hat landed on Pall Mall. Do you think this is a game, Jackson? Do you have any proof, gentlemen? Well, we have your client having a telephone conversation with a Miss Tamika Vincent, a prisoner at Cold Norton, two days prior the murder. We have your client collecting cash from Miss Vincent's mother. We have your client's car parked 200m from the scene. He could go on. Or Mr Marshall could cooperate. Do you like this game, Jackson? What did you and Tamika Vincent talk about on the phone? Did she ask you to kill Tyner? Forensics are taking your life apart. They are going through your flat, your clothes, your car. If they find any evidence that you fired a gun, then it's bye-bye, penthouse, hello, prison cell. Tamika called me up. She said she wanted that screw dead, but I told her no. Must have got someone else instead. So then, why did she give you 500 quid? She owed me. I called in my debt. Did Tamika say anything about why she wanted Tyner dead? I didn't ask her. I told her I wasn't for hire. His heart wouldn't even skip a beat while he pulled the trigger. We need to put that gun in Marshall's hand. Maybe Forensics will turn up some gunpowder residue on his clothes. We need more than maybes. What about Tamika? Marshall has used her in the past. I think he's using her now. As a cover perhaps? We're not going to get a word of truth out of Marshall. There's got to be another girl at Cold Norton doing time for him. God did the right thing, taking that screw off our hands. A girl has got no chance of staying clean with Tyner round. He was bringing drugs in? Supplying every dealer in here. Do you know who was supplying Tyner? Jackson Marshall. Tamika won't talk to us about Marshall. The girl thinks she's in love. The man don't care about no-one but himself. They're still in a relationship? In her head, they are. A couple of days before Tyner got merked, I heard her on the phone, begging him to help her out. Did it sound like he agreed? Sounded like it, yeah, but the man's full of shit and she laps it up, thinks she's his number one. But you know she isn't, right? It's what he does. He finds a girl, sweet talks her into muling for him and before you know it... ..you're face down on some airport floor and some other fool is walking right past with two suitcases full of gear. Tamika was a decoy? He fooled her... the same way he fooled me. Would you give evidence against Marshall? Jardine? Jardine, hear us out. Look, I'll stand by what I said about Tamika. But Jackson? He made it clear. I chat two words about him and I'm picking out gravestones for my babies. Jardine puts Tamika on the phone asking someone a favour. Only she won't say who. We can prove it was Marshall. The phone system logs the number called. Marshall has got these girls to get the drugs in. Kids are dealing for him on the estates, bent officers dealing inside. This is the closest we've ever been to getting him. We need Tamika to give evidence she paid him to kill Tyner. Well, we've got Tamika's mum giving Marshall the money. Tie him to the gun and we've got Marshall and Tamika on a murder charge. Forensics found gunpowder residue on Marshall's steering wheel. Transfer from his hand. Forensics found gunpowder residue on Marshall's steering wheel. Transfer from his hand. Proves someone fired a gun and drove his car. Nothing more. Hackney police station have got some Croatian gangster in custody. He's blabbing about selling a converted Baikal to someone matching Marshall's description. We get that witness to court in one piece... ..we might have a case. Marshall's flash barrister will be looking for holes. But we get to put Marshall and Tamika in a room together. Jackson Marshall, I grant you bail with the following strict conditions. You are to live and sleep at... 22A Belton Park Mansions, Hackney, surrender your passport, daily reporting to Hackney police station, a curfew between 7pm and 7am, with a doorstep condition to be electronically monitored. Thank you, my lady. My lady, Miss Vincent's already serving time, so we won't be applying for bail. Very well. She's remanded. You are free to go, Mr Marshall. Congratulations. Well done. My brief reckons you've all got to drop the charges now. That bitch paid me to pop that screw. Ain't no way you could prove it, though, is there? Don't count on it. Tyner was taxing my profits. The man owed me money. I was gonna take him out, anyway. That bitch just loves doing time for me. Well, she's the last one. Soon, you're going to be doing that time all by yourself. You think so? Any hour... I see the 5-0 round my yard again... Bang! The Governor just called. They strip-searched Tamika when she came back from court. They found drugs? They found heavy bleeding. Tamika was ten weeks pregnant. It was a miscarriage. That's why she refused the drug test. So who's the daddy? This was never about drugs at all. Tamika wasn't dealing for Tyner. She was sleeping with him. This was never about drugs at all. Tamika wasn't dealing for Tyner. She was sleeping with him. This changes everything. Tyner's still dead. Marshall and Tamika are still responsible. Changes nothing. Blackmail? He said I had to do it with him. Or what? He'd take away my privileges, stop my visits with my little girl. Why didn't you report it? Who to? His mates? What about the Governor? Surely, she'd have done something. This is a waste of time. If you dropped the attitude for two minutes, you'd see we're trying to help you here. Why did you want Charlie Tyner dead? She was defending herself. And my daughter. Well, tell them, then. Charlie Tyner approached Tamika's daughter in Springfield Park. He gave her this. Gift-wrapped. It was Korie's fourth birthday. He told her to show it to Mummy the next time she visited. Photos coming out of the flat, going into the nursery. He's saying, 'I know where your little girl is every hour of the day.' Did anyone see Charlie Tyner do this? Her mother thought it was some pervert until Tyner mentioned it to my client. My mum was gonna take it up to the cop shop but I told her not to. When did this happen? About a week before that bastard got what he deserved. Who did you get to give Tyner 'what he deserved', Tamika? Who shot him? I've said all I have to say. So now what? If her brief had half a brain, he'd have her out of there in a flash. If you ask me, justice was done the second that bullet went through Tyner's brain. Tyner may have deserved it, but it doesn't make what they did right. Hang on. Charlie Tyner can't have been in the park the day Tamika's daughter was approached. It says here he was at work all day. So he got someone else to do his dirty work. The little girl identified you, Mr Atwell. Well, she made a mistake. Was her grandmother mistaken, too? They both put you in the park. That's blackmail. I'd hate to be in your shoes. A prison officer doing time for a conviction involving a child. I'd only been out of training a few weeks. Charlie was my boss. You only have to follow orders at work. Do you have any idea what those old-school officers are like? I came into this job to help people like Tamika, to rehabilitate them. But Charlie and his mates run the show. They've been locking 'bodies' up for the last 20 years. They like the prison run their way. Are you saying Charlie Tyner bullied you? It's easy to find yourself in a locked room with a load of prisoners and no-one coming to help. Because you refused to intimidate a prisoner for Charlie Tyner? The girl. Tamika. She was going to tell the Governor about her and Charlie. No-one would take a prisoner's word over an officer's. It wasn't just her word. She got herself proof, didn't she? Saved some of Charlie's semen. 'Keeping the evidence doesn't exactly smack of consensual sex.' 'Have sex with me or I get to your daughter.' The jury are going to understand exactly why she did it. Should we drop the charges? We need to go after the right target. Marshall? How many times has he slipped through our fingers? If Tamika would just cooperate - She'd be putting herself in danger. You know what Marshall's like. Oh, I see. It doesn't matter who gets hurt as long as you get him. Steel. Yeah. Oh... Marshall's barrister's made an application to exclude the gun. You're joking? Without the gun, Marshall walks. The only proof my client owned a similar gun is a statement from some small-time gangster in police custody looking for the nearest exit. Have you have anything else, James? Apart from the gunpowder residue found all over Mr Marshall's steering wheel and CCTV footage of him parking the same car 200m from the scene? Which also happens to be 200m from his flat. I'm afraid you haven't convinced me that the gun found at the scene ever belonged to Mr Marshall. I'm granting the application. The gun is excluded. Losing the gun means we've had to drop the charges against Marshall. This is the only chance we've got to make him pay. Tamika can deliver him. We make a deal for Tamika to turn QE against Marshall. Get her out of jail. Into witness protection - Have you two been at the sherry? Tamika Vincent ordered that hit on Tyner. Tyner was dealing drugs in prison. He subjected that girl to God knows what and threatened her daughter. The man was abusing his position in every possible way. The man was one of Her Majesty's prison officers. Whatever he did, we have to be seen to be putting his killer behind bars. And we will. Tamika can put Jackson Marshall away for life. I'm cutting a deal with her barrister. Oh, no, you're not. No deal. Tamika stays in that dock. We need her George. You know how many lives Marshall's destroyed. He's big time. Tamika is a small sacrifice. All I need is for that phone to stop ringing. The Ministry of Justice don't want the prison service under media scrutiny. You think the public don't deserve to know the truth about prisons like Cold Norton? That is not our call to make. We're here to prosecute criminals. Tamika Vincent is a criminal and I want her found guilty. It is your job to make sure that that happens. Yes? Marshall's the prize, not Tamika. But George said not to cut a deal. Screw George. Get to that prison and put on your best Hackney girl charm. You're the only one that can prise that chip off Tamika's shoulder. Unless she wants to spend the next 20 years in that place, she needs to start talking. All I want is an easy life and two rounds of golf every Sunday. I'm sure we can come to some agreement. Tamika pleads guilty to murder. You get her shipped to a London prison so she can be near her daughter. You're advising her to plead guilty to murder? It's what you're charging, isn't it? Yeah, and this is the part where you try and get the charge reduced. She's in prison, anyway. So she doesn't deserve a decent defence? She could still face life inside. Or be out in two years. Am I missing something here? She's your client. Don't you want to get her off? It's a cab rank. I picked up a rubbish fare. Do you know how many women killed themselves in Cold Norton last year? Do you know how many women killed themselves in Cold Norton last year? I wonder how many of them were being threatened by corrupt officers. Tyner was a bad apple. There's no proof any other officers abused their position. That's a can of worms, though. You open it up, every journalist in the country will want to hear your closing speech. You could swap that Legal Aid office for smart chambers. Gleneagles two or three times a year. It's all there for the taking. You ain't supposed to be here without my brief. This is off the record. I want to help you, Tamika, but you have to help yourself, too. Give evidence that Marshall shot Tyner. I told you three years ago. I ain't no grass. Your daughter's growing up without a mum. Doesn't she come first? What's wrong with you? I can't talk. You know, when I was growing up, I saw girls like you. Hanging around the dealers in their shiny BMWs, Getting pregnant before you left school. All of you thinking, 'If he's my baby-father, he'll treat me right.' Men like Jackson Marshall don't give a damn about girls like you. They don't give a damn about their own kids. All they care about is money. Now, if you don't have the guts to stand up and speak out, he's going to keep getting away with it. Every time he cocks his gun, every single time some poor kid OD's on his drugs, that death is on your hands, too. It's three years you've missed. Do you want to miss the next 20? Because unless you're there to protect her, one day, she is going to be one of those girls walking through the estate, when some dealer swings by in his big shiny car. Tyner said if I didn't start making him happy, he'd get me ghosted up north. Maybe I'd see my little girl at Christmas. So what did you do? I couldn't fight him any more. He came into my cell. He shut the door. He pushed me against the wall. He started touching me. He said... 'This is mine now.' I just shut my eyes... ..and let him do it. Was this the only time? It went on for a few months. Once or twice a week. Then I missed a couple of periods. I told him and he got angry. He said, 'Do whatever you have to. Just get rid.' Did he stop demanding sex? No. The next time, I hid my knickers in an empty crisp packet. I told him what I'd done. He spun my cell, but he couldn't find them. I told him, if he touched me again, I'd tell the Governor. Did he touch you again? Not for a few days. Then I called home. My mum said they'd been at the park. This... pervert had given Korie this photo album. I got back to my cell and Charlie was waiting. He asked what my daughter got for her birthday. That's when I decided. Decided what, Tamika? To stop him. I found... I found someone... to do it for me. He said he needed 500 for a gun. I asked him to kill Charlie. You have all the ammunition you need. Go for it. I, er, hear that Stirman has the jury eating out of his hand. I, er, hear that Stirman has the jury eating out of his hand. Maybe he grew a conscience. And you two would have had nothing to do with that, of course? Whatever you're up, just make sure you get the right result. Will we? Because if this goes wrong, I don't even want to think about what Marshall could do to Tamika's daughter. It's time. You don't like losing, do you? We're going to get the right result. Who did you pay to kill Charlie Tyner? I don't know his name. One of the girls gave me a number. You are under oath, Miss Vincent. You don't ask those sort of people their names. You are what is known as a body-packer. Someone who ingests packets filled with drugs and then walks through Customs. I'm what is known as desperate. I did it one time. I was homeless. The Social were gonna take my baby away from me unless I found a place to stay. I needed money. Who was waiting for those drugs in the UK? I don't know. Let me guess. You don't know his name? It was your boyfriend, Jackson Marshall, wasn't it? The same man you phoned two days before Charlie Tyner was found dead in a playground half a mile from Jackson's flat. two days before Charlie Tyner was found dead in a playground half a mile from Jackson's flat. Is that true, Miss Vincent? I don't know. You don't seem to know very much, do you? Did you know that there are currently 14 women in British prisons, Did you know that there are currently 14 women in British prisons, all of whom were caught importing drugs, all of whom believed Jackson Marshall was their boyfriend? Jackson ain't like that. Or that you were caught because Customs officials received an anonymous tip-off? There was only me and him who knew about it. You and who? You and Jackson Marshall? I never said that. You weren't the only woman carrying drugs on that flight. I was the only one who got caught. The other mule walked straight through with suitcases full of cocaine, while you were pinned to the floor in handcuffs over a few measly grams. That ain't true. Did you not realise that is how Jackson Marshall works? He sets up some naive first-timer like you as a decoy. He... He wouldn't. He wouldn't what? Wouldn't set you up? Wouldn't lie to you? Wouldn't kill a prison officer you took a dislike to? Dislike? He threatened my baby. You ordered Jackson Marshall to kill Charlie Tyner. He was killing me. I just wanted him to stop. I was scared all the time. Can't you understand? I just... I wanted him to stop hurting me. Did you even mentioned this so-called abuse to your accomplice Jackson Marshall? I was ashamed. Why? Why would you feel ashamed, if it wasn't your fault? If it was indeed 'killing' you, why didn't you tell someone? I was raped! Do you know what that feels like? It's like... ..there's something rotting and everyone can see. I just wanted him to stop hurting me. I just wanted someone... to make him stop. So you paid Jackson Marshall to kill Charlie Tyner? Don't look at him. Look at me. Did you pay Jackson Marshall to kill Charlie Tyner? Yes or no? Yes or no, Tamika? Did you pay him? Yes. Tamika, you need to speak up, the jury need to hear your answer. Yes. No further questions. What does it mean, 'a hung jury'? Is there gonna be another trial? Well...that depends on you. We could drop the charges, get you moved to an open prison until you're eligible for release on a tag. Why you doing all this for me? I... work with women who have been raped. I've seen what it does to them. How they lose their power. Turn on themselves. Rape can happen to anyone. And anyone can take the power back. Come out the other side stronger. What he did to you wasn't your fault, Tamika. You don't have to be a victim any more. You're a survivor. Jackson really set me up? Yes. Then I'll tell you everything. And you'll stand up in court? Try and stop me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 