Law & Order: UK: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order: UK 
 s2e5 - Love and Loss - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order: UK (2009–2014): Season 2, Episode 5 - Love and Loss - full transcript 
 When 18 year-old Debbie Powell dies from a heroin overdose just as she returns to the UK from a holiday in Thailand, the police learn that she was a drug mule with over 70 condoms of the drug in her stomach. With the dead girl far from being the usual drug mule the police try to understand why a young woman from a reasonably well-off family would get involved in drug smuggling. Her two traveling companions ran away after the girl died but they know she was to meet her boyfriend immediately on their return. When an arrest is made, James Steel and the Prosecution Service not only charge him drug importation but also with manslaughter, arguing that he had a duty of care with respect to the young woman. The man seems to have a history of seducing young women and using them as mules but in court, the Crown's principal witness recants his earlier statement saying the police coerced him. Steel pursues another strategy to ensure justice is done. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups. The police who investigate crime, and the Crown Prosecutors who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories. Free drinks, cashews, lounge access. He was so trying to get into your knickers, Kirsty. It's a good job you've got a nut allergy. It's a good job I've got taste you mean. Which is more than can be said for you. So much for being in love with Kevin. You know the rules - no talk about boyfriends, exam results or work until we're home. You OK, Debs? Throat still bothering you? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm fine. I'm really warm, that's all. It's freezing. I'm having a hot bath when I get in. Debs... Debbie? Debbie what's the matter? Debbie your nose. Debbie! Debbie! Debbie! We gave her three ampoules of Naloxone, no response. Convulsions, severe bleeding. 18 years old and she died of biventricular heart failure. 18 and she died of a heart attack? Well, that's young, what was it, coke? Heroin. Was she a regular user? No. She was a swallower. That's her bag. We found 70 heroin filled condoms in her stomach. Did you say 70? Seven zero? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She was pretty determined. Latex sticks in your throat, gag reflex kicks in. You gag each one up six, seven times before it stays down. So the quantity killed her? No, one of the condoms ruptured. What, this is our swallower? Most of the swallowers we've had here are Africans, Jamaicans, people desperate to get into the UK. Why would a young British girl risk smuggling drugs like this? It's too dangerous. Maybe the girls that brought her in can tell us. They did a runner while we tried to resuscitate her. Excuse me. Good mates, then? You reckon they were mules as well? Dunno. Thailand. I bring back a stick of rock from my holidays. Same age as my Sarah. So what, about two kilos? Street value back here about a hundred grand. Thailand cost four or five. Well, it cost Debbie Powell a lot more than that. Hello, sweetheart. It's all right, Susan. I got it. Tell them they're too early, Jack. Mark Powell? I'm DS Matt Devlin. No, I'm Jack. Mark's inside. How's that? Mmm, up on your side a bit. How'd you get to be foreman again? Mr and Mrs Powell? I'm Detective Sergeant Matt Devlin. This is DS Ronnie Brooks. It's about Debbie. No. Don't you tell me. Get out. Get out. I don't understand. How can Debbie be mixed up with heroin? We need to ring people. We should make a list. There's your mum and mad, my sister - she'll want to come down. She'll need to book flights. We'd like to take a look at Debbie's laptop, check her emails. Oh, my God! Amy - she should be at school. For God's sake, Susan! Her sister's died! Debbie's dead! It's OK I'll sit with her. I'll put a DVD on for her. We're going to need to talk to Debbie's friends, Mr Powell, the ones she went on holiday with. Kirsty Wallace and Sofie Martin. They're not involved. They ran away. They've been friends since the first day of school. They left Debbie to die alone! We're gonna need Kirsty and Sofie's addresses, please, Mr Powell. Oh, sorry. I wouldn't know where to find them. I'll get them. I work in Dubai most of the year. Excuse me. She runs the kids everywhere. Sorry. You want those girls' addresses? And her laptop's there. Don't worry that can wait. I let her decorate it. Mark thinks I spoil her, but he's not here half the time. Well, I think it looks very nice. We do everything together - gym, shopping... You notice any changes in her recently? No. Yeah. There was something. But I don't know what it was. This is the first year she didn't come on holiday with us. She said she wanted to grow up. I had to beg Mark to let her go. Mrs Powell... this isn't your fault. I suppose you must get used to doing this. No. I'll get you those addresses. You've searched my house - there were no drugs there. You knew we'd find you sooner or later, Sofie. What did you do? Pass them onto the person you were smuggling for? Dump them? I've got nothing to do with any drugs. Why would I? I want to be a lawyer. I can't do that if I've got a criminal record. Then why did you run from the hospital? I was scared. One minute we were talking, laughing and the next... Debbie was... I've never seen somebody die before. Sofie, either you ran because you had drugs on you, or because you knew what Debbie was doing. I didn't, I swear I didn't. Look, she was my friend. Your friend prepped for this, Sofie. She'd probably been swallowing chunks of raw food for weeks beforehand cos she had to widen her oesophagus for this. She'd been taking relaxants to help her swallow them down without gagging. She dipped them in honey. She cut her throat raw swallowing 70 of these. She knew what she was doing. Thank you. I didn't know until the hospital. Debbie phoned her mum and dad from Heathrow, lied to them that she was staying at my place. She was gonna go to a B&B; and she was gonna meet her boyfriend there. Boyfriend? She had a boyfriend? She kept him secret. Debbie was good at keeping secrets. I told you. I never met her boyfriend! None of us had! Come off it, Kirsty. Friends as close as you lot? Never met him, never talked about him, never swapped stories about him? The condoms Debbie used to swallow those drugs were brought in London. Did her boyfriend ask her to smuggle those drugs? I don't know anything. I haven't done anything wrong. Are you scared of him? Is that what's going on here? Kirsty, the CPS will prosecute you for conspiracy to import drugs. So, charge me or release me. Kirsty... What, you gonna show me pictures of her dead body, try and scare me into talking? We found, erm, these photographs on Debbie's camera. Can you tell me what's missing? Debs. And there's the three of you, having a great time. Kirsty. Kirsty? You're not protecting Debbie, you're protecting the person who talked her into this, OK? And he told Debbie that he loved her. Now... Does that look like love to you? You know what we do here, Kirsty? We speak for the dead and we speak for the loved ones left behind. Tell us who Debbie's boyfriend was. Debbie told Kirsty that the boyfriend had given her an address of a hotel in Bangkok. When she arrived, there was a room in her name. Yeah, that's the oldest MO in the book. She checks in, the drugs are on the bed, she swallows them, stashes the cash in a drawer and then leaves. Kirsty also said that Debbie was - He still works there? ..scared that if she didn't do it, he would dump her. She thought that was love. He was manipulating her from the start. If a bloke had done that to one of my girls - Guv! Angela pulled these off Debbie's laptop. It's a bunch of emails, Facebook messages. Anyway, there's dates and times where she meets up with the owner of this account. Buff Guy 41. His other name is Andy Valente. He's a teacher at Debbie's school. Bring him in. I'm a teacher. Debbie was in one of my classes, that's all. Really? How many students do you meet on Sundays, Mr Valente? I'm teaching. I was teaching her to drive. Well, I've heard it called a lot of things but never that. She failed her driving test twice. Her dad's not about much. I offered to help. Look, just tell me why Kirsty would think Debbie was sleeping with her teacher? You know what kids are like. If they're not making stuff up about each other, they make it up about their teachers. Debbie used to make stuff up as well did she? No. Debbie was different. She didn't judge anyone. Everybody felt comfortable around her. So you were helping her out of the goodness of your heart. I wasn't sleeping with her, if that's what you're getting at. I'm gay. Debbie saw me with my boyfriend - never told a soul. Why would you need to hide that? I don't. As a teacher, you learn to keep your private life private. Debbie understood that. OK, what about Debbie's private life? Did she ever mention or talk to you about a boyfriend? She never told me a name, but I think she was sleeping with somebody at work. Debbie worked here weekends. I've got three stores spread across South East London. How long you had the business up and running? About four years. And you never heard a rumour that Debbie was sleeping with a member of your staff? You know, it's hard enough keeping the wolf from the door without overseeing my employees' personal lives. Even when they're sleeping with your mate's daughter? One of er...one of my techies, he put it about that he'd slept with her, that she was a...slag. I checked it out - was just a rumour. Well, you wouldn't be the first...employer that staff lied to. No, I checked it with Debbie. And you didn't tell Mark Powell? Come on. "Mark, one of the guys at work's calling your daughter a slag." He'd be down here in a second looking for blood. I wouldn't blame him. We'll need to talk to your technicians. Well, er...they work out of my warehouse. Address is on the back. That's fine. Thanks for your help. Thank you. One of the technicians - fella called Gerry Craig, didn't show up for work today or yesterday. The Line manager says he didn't call in either. Maybe he's sick. Maybe he's in it up to his eyeballs. He meets Debbie, seduces her, gives her four or five grand, expecting what - 90, 100 grand profit back. Tell you what, mate, we're in the wrong game. It's not a game, Matt. This girl lost her life for the sake of a few quid. Let's go and see this Gerry Craig. I've had complaints about Gerry Craig before. People calling in all hours, dodgy sorts hanging about, cos everyone knew he was a dealer. So, how come you never called us? I used to, but you guys come round, nick a dealer and another one moves in. And at least Craig was only selling what - weed and a bit of coke. Only. Well, the last one you lot nicked was selling acid to school kids. So, what are uniform doing here, then? Oh, burglary on the second floor. See, Craig's flat's on the 15th. Well, please tell me your lift ain't broken. My mum told me never lie to a copper. Well, looks like he left in a hurry. Nah, place always looks like this. Set of scales in the bedroom, signs of drug use - coke, cannabis. So, when d'you last see him, then? Well, last night. He said he was heading off for a bit. Tried to tap me for a 100 quid, cheeky bugger. He still owes three month's rent. Don't look like he pays his bills either. Right, then. Did he have many friends? Nah! He's the sort of guy even his mother couldn't love. She ever come around? Mmmm. Every Friday. Always wondered what a nice girl like that was doing with Craig. You could set your watch by her you could. What was Debbie doing in a dump like this? Looks like Craig knows we're onto him. Yeah, well, he's tried to tap up the caretaker which failed, so he's obviously broke and desperate. And what's the first thing you need when you do a bunk? Cash. And you do know that no-one does a 'bunk' any more. You're gonna have to update your lingo, sunshine! So, Craig's on his toes. Where does he get his cash from? Burglary! Second floor. Second floor. A tenant had his credit card stolen. For the cash. First thing you need when you do a bunk. Told you! Gerry Craig's got form... for burglary, credit card theft and dealing. From intel - list of his friends and associates. Actually, I do mind waiting. Thank you very much. The next time you ring 999, we'll keep you waiting. What about that? What's got his goat? Debbie's the same age as Ronnie's youngest. Don't know how you have kids - worry alone would do my head in. The love outweighs the worry. If you say so. Of course I'm still here. Although I do have a pressing appointment to put pins in my eyes. Thank you very much. Cheers. OK. Cash-back, Tesco's Dulwich. Guy matching Gerry Craig's description. One of Craig's mates lives in Dulwich. Game on. This is why I did a runner from my flat. I knew you lot would put two and two together and come up with five. You ran cos you have form. Yeah, for dealing, not smuggling. Look, lads, I don't want to go back to prison, do I? You're going about it in all the wrong ways, Gerry. I told you - I'm not her boyfriend and I don't know who she was shagging, she wouldn't say. All I know is he bought her driving lessons as a gift. You mean, the boyfriend brought her driving lessons or the boyfriend was teaching her to drive? What difference does that make? Lessons, I think. He bought her lessons. Yes, I remember her now, Miss Powell. She took a series of one-hour lessons at the end of July. Jeffrey, slow down! Did he leave his car at home? He's crashed 28 times. I want to know his hand, eye and foot coordination has improved before I get back in a vehicle with him. So, erm, Debbie Powell... Yes, we usually pick up at the client's house, but she was insistent on coming out here. Did she come out here alone? As far as I know, yeah. "Intensive Care Driving School." It's good, isn't it? My husband came up with it. Intensive Care? Yes. We're intensive, and we care. So, how did Debbie pay for her lessons? Cash. Would you excuse me? Do me a favour, mate, eh? Next time we pass a brick wall, bang my head in to it for me, save time, eh? Right... What's up? There's no tube station or bus stop for miles. Middle of nowhere. So, she's not allowed to drive on her own - how did she get out here? Seven CCTV sightings of Debbie at Intensive care. Who names their driving school - Leave it, Ange! Most of them are routine. Debbie, turns up, Debbie leaves. Got interesting with this one, though. That's Jack Gilmore. Family friend. It could be a casual dropping off after work. Nothing casual about this. Gilmore's the boyfriend? He denied knowing who Debbie was seeing or who she was sleeping with. What's that about? He's old enough to be her father. A kiss doesn't prove he's the dealer. But it's enough to bring him in. Angelina, lunch is on me. Well done love. You just get better and better, Ange. Everyone else has gone back to the church hall. You wanna wait, nick him there? No. Let's get it over with. Mr Gilmore, we'd like you to come with us. What? We'd like to ask you some questions. You arresting me? How public would you like to make this, sir? What's going on? Er, it's about one of Mr Gilmore's employees. Have you got him? Have you got the bastard who did this? When we know for certain, we'll give you a call. I'll see you back at the church hall. OK? I'm arresting you on suspicion of the importation of heroin. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something you later rely on in court... I loved Debbie. Why the hell would I get her to smuggle drugs? Why did you lie to us, Mr Gilmore? Why did you pretend that you weren't sleeping with Debbie? I didn't want Mark to know. I knew how hurt he and Susan would be. And we both thought that some people might think that what we were doing was wrong. Drug smuggling. Being in love. That's not a crime, is it? Mr Gilmore, who's your contact in Thailand? Who arranged the drugs for Debbie to collect? You're not listening! Why would I risk losing the one person that I loved the most? I don't know who got her to do this, but it wasn't me. Mr Gilmore, forensics found some unopened condoms in your car. They were the same type that Debbie packed with heroin and swallowed. Actually, from the same batch, brought from the same branch. Jack Gilmore, we're going to charge you with the importation of heroin. We go for importation, fine, but I still don't understand why you won't pursue Gilmore for manslaughter and gross negligence. I would but I don't want to put Debbie's parents through a mudslinging trial, when importation carries the same sentencing parameters. Presuming we could get the maximum for importation. I'd say her parents will endure a few slanders on Debbie's character, so long as Gilmore is punished to the full. We don't have the key witness that connects Gilmore's actions to Debbie's death. I could see if he's tried this before - get evidence of a pattern? Even if you did turn up a previous drug mule, it's not a clear enough link to manslaughter bec... Unless...we can establish duty of care. Go on. Well, Gilmore was her employer, her lover and a family friend. Can't get much more responsible than that. The Old Bailey walls, James. The welfare of the people is the supreme law. And Debbie Powell's welfare was destroyed by Jack Gilmore. All right. If you can find a witness - and if the family agree - we go for both charges. Better get to work, then. The foreseeability of damage or danger to Debbie should be straight forward to prove. If it was harmless, Gilmore would've imported the drugs himself. We might just have enough to get George's manslaughter charge home. Hold the door! For God's sake don't close that door! Open the windows, tie down anything that moves. Oh God. That smell, I think... I am, I'm going to be sick. That disinfectant - seven years and they're still using it! Jason. I thought you only did meetings via video conference. My therapist said I had to experience the joys of the world. Joys of the world. Have you been on public transport recently? Alesha Philips, Jason Peters. Jason! I'm sorry, James. You used to work here? Many moons ago. No, I'd rather not. I'll be here all day. You've done well for yourself, James. The place would have driven me mad. Now, Jack Gilmore. You've no witnesses, the forensics are laughable, and your evidence is supposition, innuendo, and hypothesis. It's a hopeless case. Even I couldn't win. Drop the charges. Debbie Powell died of a massive coronary. She was 18. Gilmore was responsible. I've always liked you, James, and I'll take no pleasure in defeating you. Well, not much. But I'll see you in court. He's never lost a case. Start with Gilmore's current employees then work backwards. I don't believe Debbie Powell was his first drugs mule. Gilmore's a name I'd rather forget. I worked for him three years ago. It says on your record you were sacked for drug use. My mum died - I got into drugs. I'm clean now. Two years ago while you worked for Gilmore, you applied for a passport, booked a trip to Thailand. That's not a crime. No, but bringing illegal substances into this country is. Check your records, I never got there. Is that the real reason he sacked you? Cos you changed your mind about importing the drugs? Gemma, Gilmore's latest conquest died. One of the capsules she swallowed burst. She was 18. I have my own family now. I've got a kid. Then you'll know what Debbie's mother must be going through. Yeah. Give evidence against him, please. I will if Gerry does. Gerry Craig? He didn't work for Gilmore till after you left. Maybe not on the books. But Gerry was the middle man. He had the contact in Thailand. Gemma is a coke head. I'm surprised she can remember her own name. We know you put the deal together, Gerry. We're not interested in you, Gerry. Just give us Gilmore, then you can go back and crawl under the rock where you came from. Do you know how easy it is to get drugs in Thailand? She was a very enterprising girl, Debbie. She could have got them anywhere. Intent to supply. Importation. Conspiracy. Perverting the course of justice - He'll go on all day if you're not careful. I don't know anything. Right, do you know what? I've had enough of this. Why don't you charge him with that little lot, Matty. If I talk, what happens to me? Gerry, tell us what we want to know, about Gilmore. Or we'll settle for you. Do you understand? Gerry? Do you understand? Interview terminated at ten twenty seven - OK. A few years back, I did some debt collecting for Gilmore. And he came to me with a proposition to earn some quick cash. Craig's prepared to give evidence that he gave Gilmore the drugs contact, and that it was Gilmore's plan. Good. Can we make it home in both importation and manslaughter charges? The importation charge's straightforward, manslaughter's a risk. I don't care. I want to do both. Mark and Susan need to know Gilmore's been held responsible for Debbie's death. Good. I'm with you. Put Gilmore in the dock. How are you bearing up? I'll feel better when Gilmore's in prison. We all will. We've got a strong case but there's a long way to go. Promise me he won't get away with this. The liaison officer will show you where to sit. Mark. Don't talk to me. It's a terrible mistake. You're a paedophile, do you hear me? She was 18! I was there for her, you never were. I'll kill you! That's enough! That was a threat from your client, James. Just get out! Calm down. Attacking Gilmore isn't going to help your family. He took away our daughter. Yeah, and we're going to hold him responsible for that in court. Debbie told me he said he was in love with her. We took the piss er... We took the mickey out of her on holiday. She was always on Facebook, leaving messages on his wall. And what about Debbie? She was totally in love with him. Exhibit eight to twenty nine, my Lord. Facebook correspondence between the deceased and the accused. Paragraph three C is where Mr Gilmore clearly says how much Debbie means to him. Thank you. No further questions. Kirsty, the messages between my client and Debbie never explicitly mention drugs, do they? Course. He's gonna use code, isn't he? He's not stupid. Was my client in Thailand when Debbie chose to swallow these drugs? No. But... Mr Peters, have you got forgotten where you are? Jason. I'm sorry, my Lord. Erm...it was er, it was an itch. So, at any time Miss Powell could have chosen to walk away and not break the law. She did it because he asked her. I knew Debbie was going to smuggle heroin. We talked about it when she came over to my place. And who was Debbie smuggling the drugs for? I don't know. That's not what you said in your statement. Yeah, I only said that because the police threatened me, physically. Er, I've seen the police recording, Mr Craig. No such threats were made against your person. Of course they're not gonna threaten me in the interview. They're not stupid. My Lord, the Crown's case is built around Mr Craig's evidence. This witness's evidence clearly contradicts a sworn statement, my Lord. Which Mr Craig made while clearly under duress. You weren't sat in the police car when they threatened me. Mr Craig told the police on tape that Gilmore was behind this. The accused has interfered with the course of justice. They told me to say it was Gilmore in the interview. So I did. I can't believe the judge took five minutes to send the jury and Craig out. Did you know he was going to change his story? James, we're friends. Cheap theatrical tricks aren't my style. Your client must have bribed my witness to perjure himself. We really should both rise above this. Sadly for you, Craig has changed his story, and now...we're sort of done. I'm not done. Gilmore did it. I can still get him convicted. Marvellous, James. Can't wait to see it. Good luck with it! Oh, for God's sake! Your wig is straight, Jason! Thank God. Now I can go home. I really am sorry about this, James. But even I couldn't win this case now. Mr Gilmore, can you confirm for the court the man in this CCTV footage is indeed you? Yes, that's me. The young woman in that clip - Debbie Powell - how old was she? She was eighteen. Eighteen. Old enough to vote, fall in love, to drink, have sex - not a child. Did you give her money to buy those drugs? No. Did you know what Debbie was planning when she went to Thailand? If I'd have known, I wouldn't have let her go. How did you feel when you heard about Debbie's death, Mr Gilmore? Heartbroken. No further questions. 70 heroin packed condoms were found in Debbie's stomach. Condoms which matched those police found at your property, isn't that right, Mr Gilmore? They were found in my car. Debbie must have seen them there and taken them. You're claiming an eighteen-year-old girl arranged all this by herself? I wish to God she hadn't but it looks that way. You're a salesman, aren't you, Mr Gilmore? I own several shops. Do you think you've sold your story to the jury today? My Lord. I'm telling the truth. I miss Debbie more than anyone. The Judge spent more time summing up the defence than he did our case. It's just the way it is - he has to explain all the implications for the jury, otherwise, Gilmore could appeal if he's convicted. The jury's back. Already? That's a good sign, isn't it? I mean, quick is better, it means they know he's guilty. Why don't you two go in. We'll follow on. OK. I need you to be strong now, Mark. For your family. He's right. I was never there for them. What kind of a father am I? Whatever the jury says, don't let him win. Members of the jury, have you reached a verdict upon which you are all agreed? Yes. On the first count of manslaughter, do you find the defendant guilty or not guilty? Not guilty. On count two, that the defendant was knowingly concerned in the importation of two kilograms of heroin with intent to supply, do you find the defendant guilty or not guilty? Not guilty. We're not giving up. Alesha and I have turned harder cases than this around. Yeah, won't bring Debbie back, will it? It's OK. We don't blame you. I know. I used to bring Debbie here when she was Amy's age, just before I use to fly back to Dubai. We used to play hide and seek. This isn't over, Mark. Don't give up. I don't see what else you can do. Amy, be careful, darling! I feel like we've let them down. I promised them we'd get Gilmore, we haven't. Sometimes that's the way it goes. Gilmore's probably one of these guys that can wriggle away from anything. You did your best. But it's not enough, Ronnie. There has to be something else. Like what? Gerry Craig is gonna stick to his guns. I mean, he's not gonna change his story. Did you try to talk Gemma McCann out of withdrawing her statement? Of course we did, but don't forget she's a young scared single mum. She's not gonna start talking now Gerry Craig's changed his tune. OK, so there's no new evidence. No chance of a re-trial. If Gilmore had used one of my girls like that, I would really wanna get him back the best way I could. No matter what it costs or what it took. I'd find out what matters to that lad and I would take it away from him. Gilmore. He's not going to be threatened, Ronnie. You need to care about something, anything to risk not losing it. The only thing he cares about is himself and his business. Other than getting every single person in London to picket or boycott his shops and put him out of business, I don't see what else you can do. Capone! We do a Capone on him! Jesus, James! You nearly gave me a heart attack there. Alesha! Have you been drinking? What is going on? What was the name of that Goth girl last year? Last year? You know, the Jones case, crisp eater, number-muncher. The tax woman! I think I'm the only sane person who works here. Oh! Una McGladdery. She's an expert witness, works at the tax office. Nice as pie, butter wouldn't melt but a Rottweiler on a paper trail. We go after Gilmore's tax records. Income tax, VAT, everything. Every sale, every transaction, every piece of paper that went through his shops, we go through it all. The Capone approach. That is brilliant. I'll get Una's number. Check that out with Revenue And Customs. We're gonna get him. Maybe not drugs, maybe not manslaughter but we are going to get him for something. It's finally happened. You've become Elliot Ness. Fantastic. This is the reason I joined! All I want is mountains of paper work! So, what should we be looking for? You don't look for anything. Be the paper, become the numbers. First rule of tax forms - everybody lies. Second rule of tax forms - everybody gets found out eventually. Usually by me. What do you need? Guns. Lots of guns. Only joking. More floor space. Three current businesses, several failed ventures - this guy's been in business since 1994. He started filing his online returns in 2005. I can handle those, pre that it's paper and you need a lot more floor space. Consider it done. Let's get to work. Ladies and gentlemen, it's four thirty, it's Friday. I imagine you've all got families you're anxious to get home to. So I look forward to seeing you first thing Monday morning and have a lovely weekend. Thank you, George. The bridge is yours. It's only the home secretary. You being a good girl for your nana? I miss you too, sweetie. Yes, as soon as mummy finds the bad numbers. Coffee? I'll take that as yes, then. You know, I haven't had so much fun since I was up all night prepping Jagger. Ethan's down this weekend. He wants to go skating. I've no idea where to take him. I used to go to the Sobell Centre near Holloway. You can skate? Oh, yes. What are you doing Saturday afternoon? Watching you fall flat on your arse. Everything since 2005 is clean as a whistle. How far have you got? 1998. Clean as well. I bet you two were the biggest swots in your class. Right, well we'll fly through this now. George, can you sort this out for me? No problem. Access to the accounts of his parents, his sisters and his wife. Sorry, his what? Wife. Family members are often used as black economy cover. He hasn't got a wife. Has he? She's director of all his companies and pockets about two-hundred K a year. Why didn't we know about his wife? Frances Arrow. Married 1991- 93. Divorced but is still his business partner. Has Frances Arrow paid her income tax? Her last tax return was in 1994. It's a bit hard to pay your income tax when you're dead. She died in 1994. Two hundred grand a year, fifteen years. We've got him. On count one, namely that the defendant dishonestly failed to disclose a liability to pay income tax in the sum of £2,412,869 with intent to make a gain for himself, do you find the defendant guilty or not guilty? Guilty. Two years - is that it? This might not be the justice Debbie deserves. But Gilmore's life as he knows it is over. A kind of justice. Thank you. There's something big going on here. Your mate Jimmy knows all about it. I've made mistakes and I've put them right. When do I get forgiven? Jimmy Valentine's always around whenever something funny happens. I'm not going behind your back. Jimmy's a good cop. I'm not with you on this one. He pulled a bloody gun on me! This is my fault. Valentine is a disgrace to the service. But there are other considerations to bear in mind. This is bad enough without you making it into a conspiracy. You've been given a task. Do your job! Do we have an agreement? You have no case. Ronnie! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 