Beethoven Virus: Season 1, Episode 18 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beethoven Virus 
 s1e18 - Episode #1.18 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beethoven Virus (2008): Season 1, Episode 18 - Episode #1.18 - full transcript 
 Kang receives an offer to conduct another orchestra in Europe, and the musicians return to their old lives. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Anyone home? You have a special delivery! - Gun-woo, someone's here! - Mr. Kang Gun-woo! You have a delivery! - Gun-woo-- - Is anyone home? - Gosh. - Mr. Kang Gun-woo! You have mail. Anyone home? Mr. Kang Gun-woo! You have mail! It's an international express package. - What's that? - Munich Philharmonic. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What does it say? Munich Philharmonic is where Celibidache conducted, right? - The conductor you like? - Yes. He created his own personal style in the midst of the original score. He thought practice was the key to making the perfect sound. He didn't like recordings because they seemed like products. He's just like you. Didn't he have a fussy personality like you do? He wasn't fussy. He was just right-minded. That's why the Munich Philharmonic is interested in me. Are they really? They want to see me. The Munich Philharmonic improved a great deal because of Celibidache. They want to regain that glory. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You suddenly seem out of reach. I've always been. You guys didn't know who you were messing with. So I guess you have to leave? Yes. Give me your e-mail address. Are you still talking about that? Must I repeat what I said last night? You and I have different perspectives in music. Besides, you're still young, so-- Once I learn more of the basics, hone my basic skills, become firmer in my beliefs so that I won't be swayed by you and not be hurt by your harsh remarks, will you take me? There's something you need to do before that. You're taking the college entrance exam, right? Be in the 99th percentile. - Sorry? - If you go to college, you need to get a 4.0 GPA. If you get a B, you're out. Every summer vacation, record five classical symphonies and write a dissertation, and send them to me. Every winter vacation, write a 50-page dissertation on the romantic era. Excuse me, sir. I may think about it if you place more than four times in a conducting contest. Here. This is my e-mail address. May I get Jung Myeong-hwan's e-mail-- I'll do my best. What is it Thoven? What's the matter, Thoven? Gun-woo, where's the big box? Check the balcony, Aunt! Gun-woo, there are only small boxes here. Can you go to the supermarket and get some bigger ones? Oh, my. Sorry about that. I must've been too loud. What's all that? Well, you're leaving soon. You did a lot for me, but there's nothing I can give you. If you go to Germany, you'll miss Korean food. That's why I bought dried seaweed, anchovies, chili paste-- It's okay. Take it back. I bought them specially for you. It's going to be shipped, so you don't have to carry it. In the end, I'll have to take it. I don't want it. It stinks. Okay, then. I'll just send the dried seaweed. By the way, when is the farewell party... I'm not having one. It's my dream to disappear without a trace. You're so funny, Mr. Kang. Are you going to continue playing the cello? You should practice every day whenever you're bored. Once you stop playing, you'll lose your touch. There aren't any more concerts, and it's not like I'll perform again. Have you heard of Paul Potts? He was a cell phone salesman who became a star overnight. - If you practice really hard-- - I know, but he was such an amazing person. I'm just satisfied that I was able to play a solo thanks to you. Thank you so much for saying that though. Gun-woo, I don't need these books so... Mr. Kang, I'm the PR director in charge of the hope concert. I sent the documents you mentioned two days ago to the orchestra office. I have no doubt in my mind you'll be conducting for us. Thanks. Ru-mi arranged it very well. It's her first arrangement since she started studying music composition. Let's see. Mom, you got a text. - Honey, can you take over? - Sure. - You want me to fry this? - Yes. We're having a farewell party at the Arts Hall waiting room. Dress formally and bring your instruments. Yes, sir. I'll give you 30 minutes. Run! CONCERT FOR HOPE - Why are we meeting? - Why are you here? Hey, traitor. Why are you here? This is a farewell party for the Mouse Philharmonic and Mr. Kang. - Enough already. - Are you sure this is a farewell party? Why would you have a farewell party at a place like this? Why did he want us to bring our formal wear? He's probably going to make us perform "To Sir With Love" or "Auld Lang Syne" in our nice clothes. - Oh, man. - What song? Is that a military song? - Man. - Gosh. You know the farewell song. Should old acquaintance be forgot - And never brought to mind? - And never brought to a bar? A bar? Mr. Kang. Mr. Kang. Didn't you have a concert today? "A Goose's Dream"? Wasn't it supposed to be your last concert? We're going to perform that song today, and I'll be conducting. - Pardon? - Mr. Kang. We're going to rehearse at three and perform at five o'clock. Get ready. Are you going to conduct "A Goose's Dream"? Find out the details inside. You're doing it because of us, right? No, don't do it. It was a part-time gig, so you don't have to help us. Gun-woo. We can perform our last performance at the park or something. Besides, that isn't a classical score. Are you saying this song isn't a good one? Mr. Kang. Didn't you say "A Goose's Dream" is a highly respected song? You don't have to justify doing it. Justify? In my opinion, the things you say like "How dare I," or "I'm unworthy," are more like justifying yourself. Look at me. I didn't have anything like you guys but I made a name for myself. Just like this song, people like you and I can be great. And the arrangement isn't too bad. But why do the viola and cello parts have so many short notes? It's too tight. Fix it. Mr. Kang, I really know how you feel, but I can't allow you to do it. You conducting a pop song just doesn't-- If you try to stop me one more time, I'll consider it as I'm not even qualified to conduct a pop song. Is that it? Should I do it or not? You decide. You can't even say anything. But you'd better not talk of this to anyone. No cameras or pictures. There will be a lot of cameras. Don't take pictures of me. Officially, Mr. Kang Gun-woo has never conducted a pop song. I, I had a dream Even though it may seem Insignificant I cherished it Deep down in my heart Like a jewel Even if there are people Mocking and laughing at me Behind my back I had to endure it I could endure it For that day which would come People would always say That vain dreams can be toxic That life is like a book With a predetermined ending That you can't change and that is reality Yes, I I have a dream I believe in my dream Please stand by me When I face the walls of fate I will confront it confidently Someday I'll go over that wall And soar High in the sky This heavy world cannot tie me down I know I'll be smiling the day I die So join me People would always say That vain dreams can be toxic That life is like a book With a predetermined ending That you can't change and that is reality Yes, I {\an8}I have a dream {\an8}I believe in my dream Please stand by me When I face the walls of fate I will confront it confidently Someday I'll go over that wall And soar High in the sky This heavy world cannot tie me down I know I'll be smiling the day I die So join me This is from the famous Munich Philharmonic? But what does it say? It's translated in the back, but you won't know what it means. - Give it to me. - Oh, here it is. "I think your interpretation in music has become much deeper and more mature. Before, you deliberately suppressed your emotions but now it seems you're much more at ease, and as if you spoke with the composers, you're able to express the composers' intentions better." Do you even know what you're admiring? These aren't music notes. It's Korean. No wonder. I thought you've changed lately. Your music has improved. "Changed"? You used to say to your orchestra members that they were your instruments. "I'm the only one who can fire you, C-R-A-P." But you call those same people "my orchestra members," so I think you've changed a great deal-- I must have offended you just before you were leaving. All I did was read the comments from the Munich Philharmonic, and you're so upset. These are all wild-caught. Help yourself before you leave. I ordered it specially for you. Don't drink water. NO SECOND AUDITION - Mr. Kang. - Mr. Kang. - Congratulations, sir. - Congratulations. I am so happy for you, sir. The Munich Philharmonic? Wow. Do you know how happy I was for you? What's going to happen to the city orchestra? They're holding meetings and fighting among themselves. How many meetings did they have so far? Fourteen? - Seventeen. - Seventeen... Rumor has it they're going to have 30. Don't worry, sir. You did the best you could. We'll have to take care of the rest. - You're leaving? - Goodbye! - Take care of yourself! - Goodbye. Man... It's so disheartening, seeing him go. Seriously. In our next class, I'm going to test you individually, - so be prepared. - Thank you. Bye. Hey, former graduate. I need to see you for a second. I teach a composing workshop. You compose for clients and evaluate their work. Are you interested? Oh, isn't it for really talented people? Says who? It's for people who can't keep up. I'm asking you because you're so bad. Thank you, sir. I'll do my best. Thoven wants to see you. The Munich Philharmonic contacted him. He'll be leaving soon. What are you doing? Put that away. - Let me take just one more. - Put it away. Then I really won't have any traces of you. I need something to comfort me, but all I have is Smetana's CD and gum. And I've chewed all the gum. So? Should I give you my socks or something? When are you leaving? Next week. I'm going alone, so don't come out. If I go to Europe, do I have to avoid traveling to Germany? Even Munich? At least for now. How long do I have to wait? Your cell phone. Why? You're going to delete it? - I didn't take any pictures. - I want to check. Give it to me. Isn't this better than socks? It's better, but... Didn't another woman give this to you? What are you talking about? I bought this at Beethoven's House while I was studying abroad. I had just enough money for one meal, but I just bought it and starved. Do you know why I did that? A conductor shouldn't wear a ring, but I wore one nonetheless. Just like how pianists would enhance their sense of touch by making the piano keys heavier. I deliberately did it to be stronger. Now it's your turn to be stronger. I don't need it anymore. I'm already perfect. You want me to endure it wearing this? I've been coming here often ever since I started to lose my hearing. Do you know Evelyn Glennie, who can't hear... What's wrong? You can't hear again? I have my hearing aid on, but it happened again. Do I need to get a shot? Where was I? Oh, Evelyn Glennie. She can't hear, but she's a very good percussionist. It's because she can hear the vibrations with her bare feet. I'm practicing how to do it too. Practicing how to feel music with my entire body. I'm not good at working hard, so I want to feel it with my whole body. Say something, and I'll guess what you say. The floor is cold. Do you want to freeze to death? Ru-mi, how could you be so pretty? Why don't you interpret better? You have a good personality. I like you. Is it self-praising time? You understand exactly what I say. You'll hear me no matter how far apart we are. Mr. Kang. Be completely honest with me now. You know... I didn't kick you out because I hated you, right? You were afraid of wavering. I can always waver again. I know I can't run away whenever that happens. But then all we can do is to keep going on with our lives. I agree, maybe someday. Thanks. Thank you. Do what again? Aren't you sick of it already? You have such a bad temper. Didn't we say we're going to meet once a month and hang out? We're just changing that to weekly, and instead of eating, we'll play our instruments-- That means you want us to start an orchestra again. Not an orchestra. Just a chamber. It'll be a casual chamber orchestra, okay? - Hello. - Hi. You're beautiful as always. I can't believe an ugly guy like him married someone so pretty. It's a mystery. And our cute baby. Let's baby talk together. You're growing bigger every time I see you. You'll be a general. It's a girl. I mean a female general. Women are good at everything these days. They get the highest scores on everything. Hyeok-gwon, can you take care of Bo-ra? I'll be out teaching the kids after I drop off Yu-ra. - Bo-ra, come over here. - She smiles whenever she sees me. My, you're right. - Have fun. - Okay, I'll have fun. - See you. - Bye. Did you see how we live? My wife's doing private tutoring, and I'm doing manual labor. You're the owner. You're even doing the delivery to cut costs. Manual labor my butt. - I'm the true manual laborer. - That's because my wife-- Anyhow, I won't do it! I lost my job and moved to a smaller house because of a whim. I can't afford to lose more. Hyeok-gwon says it's impossible, but I can persuade him. What about you? Are you there? Yes, I'm out front. But isn't this hard? We don't have people either. Isn't that why I asked you to go there? What good is it if the city orchestra members strike? They need to do something. Wouldn't it be better if we joined forces? - I know. - I'm being serious! You may not be desperate since you're going to college, but not me. I've hit rock bottom. Do you want me to go underground? I'm going to do whatever it takes to do it! Okay, I got it. I'll go talk to them. Hello. - Hello. - What brings you here? I just stopped by. We used to perform together, but I felt bad I couldn't be of any help. Did you eat? You didn't have to... Here. Have a seat. - All right. - Thank you. - Aren't you cold? - It's bearable. I want to do it too, but I feel bad towards my family. Didn't you say your husband understands now? And didn't he suggest you play in the church's string quartet? My husband has changed a bit. He wants us to join the choir too. My husband used to be a very good singer when he was young. - He doesn't have the face for the choir. - Come on. Why don't you sing in the choir, play in the string quartet, and join our orchestra? Okay? I have to help Min-ji as she prepares for college. Besides, we don't have the people. We know as well. I know once we perform, we'll be able to promote the revival of the city orchestra. But we don't have enough people. Look around. We're the only ones left. We don't have people to hand this out. They all left to give private lessons. Well, they all need to make a living. But it's too bad. Once we gather everyone and perform, the people will get into it if we perform an exciting piece and get the mood going. We'll play something moving, and the people will be touched. - This is... - Yes, this is... I bet they would've met the mayor already. And they would've protested for the revival of the city orchestra. We don't have enough people to perform either... I'd better get going. Wait! Wait a minute! Are you performing? Yes, I was thinking of something small, but I'll have to cancel. We don't have enough people to perform. How many? Do you need a lot? But you still have more than ten performers, right? Why? Well... - Why don't you... - Yes. - And we... - Yes. do it together? You and us? Shall we work together? That's it! Yes! That's it. Help yourself. Why would you join together? Do you think you're Lego pieces or something? We want to continue playing music even if it's on a small scale. They want to tell the people the purpose of reviving the city orchestra. We can perform and promote ourselves at the same time. What about your college entrance exam? Hand me back my e-mail address if you're going to keep causing trouble. Do you know it's already the fifth time you asked for it back? I'm going to ask you 100 times. Hand it over. Don't be like that, sir. Can you please do it for us? Do what? Conduct the joint performance between the city orchestra and us. I mean I'm not asking you to stay. I just want you to open the door for us. Once you open the door for us, we'll be able to soar. You mean the door to hell? Gosh, don't be so pessimistic, sir. You're way too optimistic! Think about it. I said it won't work from the beginning when they made that ridiculous orchestra. But we succeeded. Because I'm the conductor! It's all thanks to me. And when I said that you guys can't join the city orchestra-- But you ended up acknowledging us. We worked hard and pulled off a great concert. Worked hard? Are you sure you didn't goof off while having fun? You can have fun while you're working hard. You and I are just different. So what happened next? You guys got fired. That wasn't our fault. They fired us looking at our resume not our skills-- Then you should've shown them that. You failed at the orchestra festival and on the day of the people's concert. But sir, I don't think of it as a complete failure. I'm certain I learned something during the process. - And if I learn from my mistakes-- - No, it's a failure. A total failure. Even kids give up after their blocks tumble after the third try. But how many times is it for you guys? Stop it before you get hurt. Knowing when to give up requires courage. Gosh, what smell is this? - Do you raise cows on the side? - This is a bit extreme. It's the smell of nature. You guys take a dump every morning. If you don't like it, share your practice studio. But isn't it locked up? Didn't the mayor nail the doors shut? We have no choice. Why don't we endure it? What do you mean endure? Didn't you ask us to borrow our practice studio? Way to go. You'll go with the title we suggested for the concert, right? Title? What is it? Didn't you tell them? "The First Concert to Revive the Seokran Philharmonic Orchestra." - What? - No way. - What about our name? - Well... "Featuring Mouse Philharmonic." Satisfied? If you keep this up, the collaboration is off. - Get out. - Get out. I want you all to leave. Out! The door is open! - Get out! - Okay. Then what about "Concert to Revive the Seokran Philharmonic plus the Mouse Philharmonic's Concert"? Come on. You're using our practice studio. That's not right. What about "The First Concert for the Mouse Philharmonic and the Revival of the Seokran Philharmonic"? That sounds good. It sounds much better with our names in the front. - Mouse Philharmonic and-- - Look here. Don't you know we're more talented than you? And number wise. Two, four, six, eight... We are not that many. You need to be talented. We'll have one more person if Hyeok-gwon joins us. Hyeok-gwon is part of the city orchestra. What do you-- Hyeok-gwon started off with us first. We made him who he is. Do you know hard it was? I-deun, the rude girl, is going to come too, and Mr. Kim Gap-yong once he comes to his senses. Who else is coming from our side? Hui-sun? Ji-ru? Gyeong-chun? Hae-jin? Tell everyone to come! We should call Alpha, Beta, Gamma-- - One Potato, Two Potato, Three Potato-- - Call them all. - Hang on. - Why you-- We have a problem with the instruments. How many violins do you have? Six. What about the viola? Viola? They're too busy. Hold on. - We don't have any. - We don't have that many either. - Because of the weather... - Seong-nam. We have Seong-nam. Why don't we check the positions? - Yong-gi, why don't you move this? - Why do you always... Man... We have three cellists and... Gosh, Yong-gi! When are the movers coming? Tomorrow. All we have to do is send the most important things. I-deun, your phone. I-deun. This is I-deun's cell phone. This is Kang Gun-woo. I want you to tell I-deun that there's a letter behind the CDs. Mr. Kim Gap-yong wanted me to tell her that. I-deun. This is a letter from Mr. Kim. He's leaving you half of his estate. I-deun. I'm writing this before I lose my mind entirely. Didn't I tell you to be a legend? I really wanted to see you become an awesome legend. I don't know what'll happen to me because my symptoms are worsening. But I'm going to try my best to fight it until the end. I thought of taking extreme measures when I first found out I had dementia, but I changed my mind. I'm not going to take my life even if I feel disgraced. I'm going to fight it out. So I-deun, please become a great flutist. I want you to show me how great you've become. Understand? Well, at tomorrow's concert... We're going to play a few easy pieces to grab the people's attention and start for real at two o'clock. Do whatever. Many people are going to help us out. The former mayor and Mr. Kim said they'll think about it. You know the flood victims when we performed the "Choral"? They called me and asked if I needed any help. They're going to promote our concert and hand out flyers. Ru-mi's going to come too. She can't come for the first half because of a workshop. But she'll be there for the two o'clock concert. She has surgery in two weeks. This will be Ru-mi's last time playing the violin in an orchestra. We're going to play Beethoven's "Symphony No. 9," movement four. The choir leader will help us. That big score? You guys are gutsy. Because you're going to do it. Why should I? I'm just saying it'll be nice if you did. I'll be on my way to the airport at 1:30 p.m. How can I conduct from that far? Telepathically? Airport? Weren't you leaving the day after tomorrow? I changed the date because I didn't want to see you guys. You guys did everything opposite of what I told you to do. Why would I want to stay? That's why your stuff... I shipped it during the day. This is all I need to take. I'll pack the clothes in the closet in the morning. Your flight is at 5:30 p.m., right? That means you need to leave by two at the latest. That's when we're performing. Yes, I did that deliberately. That means I won't conduct you or have you guys see me off. Will you have breakfast before you go? But... Even if you go somewhere else, stay longer this time. Being nicknamed an orchestra killer isn't good. I'm going to break my six-month record, so don't worry. Sorry? You already broke that. You've been conducting us for more than six months. Didn't you know? Did I sleep too much? Mr. Kang, are you going to have breakfast? Mr. Kang. Mr. Kang! Your speech was great today. You spoke in the middle of the plaza so the people couldn't enjoy themselves. You want to revive the economy, but you wasted money on the stage. You're truly amazing. Aren't you busy? You haven't been audited yet? Actually, I needed to talk to you about that. Can we have lunch somewhere quiet? Wait. Can I use that stage for a minute? I should've congratulated you when you won the election. I was too upset. Let me say a few words supporting the new mayor. Do whatever you want. - Mr. Kim. Okay. - Okay? Got it. - Okay. It's done. - Hurry up. - Okay! - Hurry up! You owe me big time! Break a leg. Good luck! Hey, leave that! Hey! Hurry! {\an8}JOINT CONCERT - They're doing something. - It's a concert. I made this concert happen. Pay attention. No, I made myself clear. You can't do it this time. I even sold my contrabass. - I'm not saying absolutely not. - I know, I won't do it. You know your messed up contrabass? It was sold. What? Yes, some lady with two kids bought it. Kids? It's not for kids! Man... What were the kids' names? I think it was Bo-ra... She put it in the small room to give to her husband after three months. So wait three months. You can't play until then. Three months? I have to work for more than six months until things settle down! - Let's say six months, but instead-- - No. Just today's concert. Please? - Can't you think of it as a delivery? - Today is your only day off. Must you overwork yourself? Just because I'm watching TV doesn't mean I'm resting. For my sanity. I really feel bad. Keep your promise. Three months. Not six? If I say six, you'll pout and go, "You told me not to do it!" - It's in the small room? - By the way, I bought it with my own money, so it's mine for now. It's 30,000 won a day to rent it. What the... - Fine, then. - No. I'll give it to you. I'll definitely give it to you. Were you able to reach Mr. Kang? I guess he's already at the airport and he canceled his phone. He never changes. I want to display him at a museum. Oh well, let's do our best. Cheer up. Let's do this. - Come on. - All right. Let's do this. Let's break a leg. SEOKRAN PHILHARMONIC AND MOUSE PHILHARMONIC JOINT CONCERT - Hello. - Hello. We're going to play you Onezol's "Polka." The title of the song in Korean is better. "Polka with No Worries"! Get rid of all your concerns. Today, just enjoy yourself without any concerns. - Okay, everyone? - Okay! WE WON'T SURRENDER TO TYRANNY OUR LOVE FOR MUSIC CAN'T BE SUPPRESSED SAVE SEOKRAN PHILHARMONIC Seokran Philharmonic is our pride. CITIZENS OF SEOKRAN DEMAND THE RESIGNATION OF CHOI SEOK-GYUN Seokran Philharmonic is our pride. Let's save Seokran Philharmonic. - Seokran Philharmonic is our pride. - Just go. - Pardon? It's a red light. - Step on it. - Seokran Philharmonic is our pride. - Let's save Seokran Philharmonic. - Let's save Seokran Philharmonic. - Don't degrade the Seokran Philharmonic. Sir. Politicians are trying to get rid of the Seokran Philharmonic. Where are you going? Aren't you going to perform? Where are you going? You need to perform! You're the conductor! Hey, stop! - How was it? Was it fun? - Yes! This isn't our main performance, so relax and enjoy yourself. But we're missing an instrument to play this next score. We need an instrument like this. Can you play for us? Yes! Thank you very much. Are you going on a trip? I'm leaving, never to come back. I see. Once I turn right, we'll get on the expressway to the airport. Once I get on, it'll be hard to go back. It must be bittersweet. I'm not bitter. Get on it. Did you leave already? I wasn't able to say goodbye. Goodbye, Mr. Kang. I'm Bae Yong-gi from Don't Tell Papa. Thank you. Next, this greasy looking guy will introduce himself. You don't have to clap. Hello. My name is Kwon Jung-jin, a member of the city orchestra. Hello. So many have gathered today. Lately, the economy is really bad, so... The city orchestra is having problems as well. But music must live on. We need music in our lives. That's right. It isn't fun if someone hogs the mic for too long, so I took it from him. Don't go looking for music. Music isn't around you. It's inside of you. Always love music. Yes. Gun-woo, I just parked. The main event hasn't started yet, right? - Hurry up. - We're going to... Mr. Kang left in the morning, and I haven't heard from Hyeok-gwon. Anyhow, hurry up. We're starting in ten minutes. Bye. Hey, Gun-woo! I'm late, right? I got stuck in... Why do you look surprised? Can't I come here? Goodbye? How can I leave when you're doing this nonsense? Are you mocking me? Why can't you leave? Because you're doing such a foolish thing! Haven't you learned from your failures? It's the end for you and the city orchestra! The end! The end? It's only the beginning. It's the end if we quit here, but things will open up if we take another path. If we keep it up, we'll be able to succeed. You're so optimistic. You can fail 99 times! But that's how you got to where you are now. We're just copying you. Didn't you say we could be great? I said that when we were performing "A Goose's Dream" - because you guys were so down-- - Don't tell me you think we can't do it when you did. Is that it? Greatness? Yes, to be frank, I thought it would be difficult for you to achieve that. You need to work really hard. That's why classical music is for aristocrats. And those aristocrats have skills. We want to try. I believe we can do it with hard work. You're insisting on taking the thorny path? Fine, I'll conduct for you. But that means you're going to do whatever I say, right? If I say to go back home, wash your feet, and sleep, you're going to do it, right? Fine. How many more times do you need to fail to snap out of it? I'll conduct just one score. Subtitle translation by Jeong Lee 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 