Bad Banks: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bad Banks 
 s1e6 - Die Höhle des Löwen - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bad Banks (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Die Höhle des Löwen - full transcript 
 Events come thick and fast. Deutsche Global Invest is about to fold and Germany faces another financial crisis. Did Jana trigger it? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Until a few days ago, experts at the European Central Bank had assumed Deutsche Global Invest's ruin might bankrupt another 14 major financial institutions in the world. These statements have been significantly qualified, which begs the question now who is to blame for all of this. Who is to blame for this impending crisis? Do you ever even read these? Get out. I'm going to sleep. Dear family, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Financial crisis is seen something as healthy in our industry. Healthy for the constantly changing and self-perfecting system. Like a disease, every crash is painful but also strengthens capitalism's immune system. Considering the big picture, maybe we should allow crisis. Maybe I should have ignored the consequences of a crash, the individual fates of the banks' employees and of the thousands or millions of people affected by the crisis and should have left them to their fate. But I can't do that. I stand by my decision that I've done my best to save this bank. Somehow I'll always be with you. Dear Maxi, dear Theresa. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Goodbye. The news of Deutsche Global Invest's bankruptcy is spreading like wildfire. Many people are withdrawing all of their money, fearing they'll lose their savings. Experts view this as a dangerous development. If 3 million Germans head to the banks tomorrow to withdraw their funds, it's over. Allegedly, that's what financial expert Stefan Burbach said. Yet the Treasury refers to this as dangerous tear-mongering. How safe is our money really? My entire cloud has been erased. Sadly, it's not difficult to crack a password. Every computer science student can do so in a minute. I've hidden a USB stick at the bank. If has LeBlanc's video on it. How do you want to enter the bank? With Luc's help. I don't know what else this woman is capable of, but I must have something on her to gel a level playing field again. Are you hungry? Jana? What did you do? What did you do? Let me go. Let me go! You'd have killed me had I not woken you. At least I slept for on hour and a half. The banks fears a bank run. They want to limit withdrawals. Invite Cl. They'd wanted to merge with the Global anyway. CI will demand federal subsidies because of Global's poor stale. But in the end, less fax funds will be wasted if we marry them off against their will compared to us saving Global. Then they could also fake over Leipzig. We need u solution by this weekend. Word the invitation in such a manner that this banker rabble understands we won't be blackmailed. Out of service Shit, it's empty. There's no more money. It's empty. This is the police! Clear the road! The police are protecting the most important banks in the City For years economists have been warning that the bankruptcy of the Deutsche Global Invest would have 5 times the magnitude of the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy. I'm here. ...the grove developments in the economic sector are accompanied by the sudden disappearance of Leipzig mayor Peter Schultheiss. The politician disappeared without a trace on Thursday night offer the financing of the City-planning project Leipzig 2025 fell through. He's gone. What for? What for, Jana? The destabilization of our financial system. Dear citizens, This is an urgent appeal by the government. Don't get scared about the exaggerated media reports. Keep your money in your banks. Your money is safe. Mr.Schwarz, I'd like to start over. You've fried twice now. Spare me a third attempt. I won't testify or implicate my partners and will only folk to my lawyer. Okay. Please. Mr.Schwarz, please come with us. Frankfurt is playing Bochum. Those matches are always interesting. Are you for Frankfurt or Bochum? Frankfurt, of course. Yes. Please delete my number. Luc, the board wins us to sell everything. A sole. I've put the list on your desk. The board is meeting today? The board is meeting because the German Secretary of Finance has come forward. If looks like talks about a mandatory merger. Tell me what's going on, Ties. The German government is pressured to save Global. We hope to take advantage of that. Why don't I know about this? Fenger was involved in the accounting fraud. Everyone knows Fenger can't be blamed for if. You can't be serious. If you want to folk to me, set up cm appointment. No, we're not going to do that. Forget it. This won't be the lust place I'm going to work, so be careful what you say. 20% Double B. Will you do that? Will you do that? Okay. Deal. What's up, Luc? Yes. The Bank going bankrupt was not the plan. You don't seriously feel guilty now, do you? I don't. Global is a criminal. Thanks to you, they've been brought buck down to earth. We are heroes. Your hedge fund made €100 million. Almost. But let's round up. €20 million for myself. 20% of which is for you. Here. I've set up accounts for you two. In The Virgin Islands. Call 'them. Ask for Jason Picelli. He knows. Both accounts have €2 million. What? Jason Picelli. That's the moment when you should be happy. We've made twice as much. Jana, come here. Let's fake a picture. This is too funny. Come here. Turn around. I guess our interests now overlap. Why won't you kiss me? You're being paid for this. So what? I still want you to kiss me. Please kiss me. The €2 million in my account... Where are they from? I haven't wondered about Thai in a long time. Where did we take if from? You can think about this for a long time, looking for on answer and making up your own truth. Or you can do if my way and accept that money is theoretical and that, in theory, we've found a way to have more. Jana. Jana, look at me. Fortunately, your guilty conscience and fear have something in common. You get used to if. Your guilty conscience eventually even disappears. He's like being unfaithful. And it's over. Is this going to be a longer conversation? No. I just wanted to fell you that I'm going to tell the truth at tomorrow's hearing. Should I have assumed that you'd do otherwise? I'm just felling you, because we no longer trust each other. Is Thai so? I've never seen you drunk. I have to put a chapter behind myself. Yes. I didn't know... whether I'd protect you or myself that way. But I believe that I have to end if now. Am I supposed to understand this nonsense of yours? You've only ever been interested in women who weren't interested in you. As soon as that changed, you thought ii was boring and repulsive, which is why you were obsessed with Leo only being yours. Exactly. But you couldn't have her. Exactly. That's 'the truth, but you refuse to accept if. But none of you owned her. Not you, not the of hers. Ask the whole department. Down the hierarchy from Martin. Fucked everyone to make you happy. Shut your drunken face! You owned her as little as the others did. Not even me. Now it's out in the open. She was... She was here on her lust night. What? She wanted to seduce or fuck me. I don't know. She always has. She was drunk. She was drunk. She shouldn't have driven home. Stop this nonsense. She always wanted... No end in sight. She always wanted to... fuck. So upset. She was so confused. She was so confused! Just fuck. The stupid cow. Why did the silly cow hit a free? Why? You'll cull me, won't you? I will. A small sleeping bug. Oh shit! A sleeping bag... Good. This is a sleeping bug, but you, you're an ass in a sleeping bug. Do you understand? Good. Not bad, Jana. Leave them off. No. Leave them off. We can see better Thai way. Turn if off. Wow. We 'rook great core of you, didn't we? That's nice. You can see this huge grave. What happened? Please, Gabriel. Calm down. Okay. What happened? You happened. For 15 years, I've been pretending that she was perfect. And I was fine with that. As long as I could put her on this pedestal, I was able to put her behind. You remind me of what she was capable of. What have you done? Did you leak the evidence? What did I do? Of course. Where did you find the evidence? You can't seriously think that. Stop if! Okay. But if i1 was you, I'm going to prison because of you. Nonsense. Is Thai what you want? Take a picture. Another one? Another one. High-ranking Bankers like you don't go to prison. If you're smart, you'll stay away from me. The end of Gabriel Fenger, old-school banker beats up head of accountant Quirin Sydow The next time you come by, we'll all go on a road trip. You'll get to sit up front. Marie, are you...? Yes. Hello. Hello. There's my visitor. Am I interrupting? You'll have to leave now. No ice cream today. Oh. Everyone leave. Goodbye! Feel better. Goodbye. That's sensitive information. I have to read this before you publish if. No problem. The hearings are today, aren't they? Yes, I've already been questioned. Okay. I assume you didn't keep quiet. Fenger has already beaten me up. Why did YOU quit? I didn't like the working atmosphere. The day before the closing of Leipzig 2025. The sole was completed and my job was done. Do you protect him out of loyalty or...? I'm sorry. Do you have somewhere else to be? We've been discussing Fenger for 30 minutes. What do you want to know? Was he ever violent? Did he molest you and you don't won't to folk about if? I've never witnessed Fenger being violent. I can't explain The situation with Sydow. Fenger is an honest man of integrity. Some employees like Jana Liekcnm have described you as violent. The thing between Sydow and me has nothing to do with The bank. So why did you beat him up? In his hearing, Sydow will definitely soy that our altercation had to do with the Bank. But that's not true. If was a truly personal matter. "Fenger will soy that it was a private matter". Those were his words. You've already questioned him. I didn't know. You been up Sydow because he threatened to disclose the accounting fraud. That's a lie. It had to do with a deceased colleague. Who was part of the last sale to Silver Mountain? Sydow and Robert Khano. Khuno was there? The two of them organized the sale. I'd been with the bank just a few days and didn't know anything about Silver Mountain. You sold without knowing the buyer? Buck then, I thought I could trust Sydow. No, he thought he could trust you. You hadn't almost beaten him to death yet. It will be be his word against yours. And once again the question of which bank executives knew. Fenger and myself, of course. We both signed. But They're going to see the amounts sold before and after he started working for us. He forced me... he forced me to do this. You must compare the two. There's no relation. Do you understand? Good evening. Good evening. Since I know you don't like groveling, I'll make if easy for you. Recently, I've been... Never mind. I just sent you my conditions. One of them is that I conduct negotiations with the German government. I'd also like the board to buck Quirin Sydow to protect him. I need him in Frankfurt. We're going to look at the new structures first. Quickly? Let's go. Noah, I have to ask you. Are you back with Murine? Completely? You're incredible. Are you aware of that? First you fell me... Why the very woman you left for me? I thought I needed an exciting woman like you. But that's nonsense. Marine isn't exciting. But she also doesn't have to fill her vacuum with recognition every bloody hour of the day. She's content. Happy just because... Let's just accept who we are. Okay? What we need. Okay. Okay. How much longer do you need? You need to finish! He's a mess. You're in charge of accounting. If it's a mess, that's your fault. Do you know how stressed I've been? I thought you'd do a bit of if. Then stop your bloody bank work and 'rake core of if! You silly cow! I spent some time thinking about how to have the advantage over the others. What they're lacking. Loyalty. If we could be 100% loyal to one another, and if no one sow that we make all decisions together and that the three of us always benefit, we'd be invincible. Nobody is loyal. When I picked you up at the police station, I found out that you've previously been accused of stalking. The details of the complaint would suffice to declare you persona non Grata with any employer. If we depend on each other, if we can destroy each of hers careers, we can force ourselves lo become loyal. No worries, Thuo. You have something on us too. I happened to find evidence that Silver Mountain is a subsidiary of Global. Adam and I got Fender to bet on Globul's ruin. I then leaked the evidence. You're all sick. You're going to prison for this. Thuo, who? Global did is highly criminal. Basically, we've only done the job of the financial supervision. How much did you get? €2 million. Each of us. Insider trading. Five years. At least. Yes. Why do you trust her? Thao, she just fold you something that can send her to prison for five years. Thuo, this is the Champions League. Don't act like you represent welfare. Meow Thuo. Gabriel Fenger has the gift of attracting attention. No one will care about me. In my report, I'll make if sound like Fenger initiated the largest transfers. He's too bad you can't stay. Have a nice flight to Berlin. Enjoy your evening. Do you think this is done? You'd best ask Mr.Richard. He's an expert in barbecuing. Would you like to take this? Come back soon. In my time as Secretory of Finance, I've never seen anything like this. Of course, the earlier we're done here, the earlier we can start repairing the damage. We now need a fast weekend takeover. Even if ii fakes until tomorrow, the merger of Deutsche Global Invest and Credit International won't be sealed until we've reached a mutually acceptable solution. We did expect to discuss sizable subsidies. You should accept that. You wanted to fuse under conditions which no longer hold true. We've been negotiating with Global for weeks. There is a reason why we agreed to this result. We know that this is tough on the German government because tux funds have to be used, but to us, it's a deal that has to be worth it. After all, you don't have to save the Bank, which would have been much more expensive. A stubborn man. He's fired. But he can'? afford to blow this. We're actually quite gracious. Keep going. He'll give up in an hour. Yes? You've won. Even if they don't get me for fraud, they will for assault. I have no idea what you're talking about. You won. I can't change that. But explain this to me. Leo hated you. She thought you were repulsive. What did you do to her? Did you... touch her? Did you... harass her? I'm going to hang up now. I'm sorry. Say something. Say something, fucking hell! Goodbye, Gabriel. I'll be out of prison before you know if. And then I'm going to kill you. Did you understand? I'm going to kill you. Shit. I'm happy to report that we've made use of last night to negotiate a merger between Deutsche Global Invest and Crédit International. The merger is going to fake place today. All measures have been taken to prevent the stability of our financial system disappearing. Fenger has been arrested. Shit! Welcome to Frankfurt. Likewise. How is your apartment? Empty. My furniture is going to arrive today. This is Marc, your new assistant. Pleased to meet you. You all look the some. Get out of here! Fuck you! Lovely. The cleaning crew won't be here until this afternoon. We'll have to make a lot of changes. What did you have in mind? More elegant. Looks a bit like my son's room. As for the walls, I'd like a list of all of Globol's paintings. Excuse me. Jana Liekum would like to see you. Is she here? She's downstairs. Have her come up. Well? I'm here to apply. This is going to scar. I could get out, enjoy my money and a quiet life. You once asked me why I wanted to have a career. I have some very smart answers. But the truth is simpler. I don't know. I don't have a clue. But I need if. Like you. And I will no longer deny if. I now realize how fur you'll go. You saw how for I'll go. And my faking if personally was immature. I'll make you more successful than you con imagine. What are your demands? My team. Thuo Houng, Adam Pohl and Shunfimuy Bhorudwoi. And you should keep Luc. Fenger was only going to fire him for Jucoby. Why should I do that? Because he con help you with your future opponents. The next ones who will prevent you from joining the board. Who would that be? Ties Jacoby has never liked you. He'll hold you down for as long as he can. And you mustn't underestimate Sydow. But I wont puss judgment. I'll be in touch. Sydow found out that I was snooping about. He'll warn you of me. Well? Catbond. This whole merger, the restructuring, LeBlanc's start. All of that's going to fake some time. Until then, we can see how Leblanc is doing and how she can help us. We can also... We can also think about how to get her imprisoned. How do I benefit from your revenge? We're going to make sure that you do. First we're going to get our jobs back. She can't resist. Trust me. Cheers. I so wish a sausage. Do you think they have them? I'm sure. Would you like anything? A schnitzel. Come. Great camper. Where are you heading? Thai must have been expensive. Where are you heading? We don't know yet. Somewhere warm. If only I had one like that Sorry, I don't speak Italian. You're from Germany? I've been to Augsburg. I have relatives there. Do you know Augsburg? My friend, are you not well? Say something. Can you hear me? Do you have any sweets? I could offer you coffee and sugar. We don't have sweets. That's too bad. Do you have a mobile phone? This guy isn't well. Hurry up! Call an ambulance. We have to cull an ambulance. He's not doing well. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 