Appropriate Adult: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Appropriate Adult 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Appropriate Adult (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Continuing to sit in on the police interviews Janet is shocked when she learns of the Wests' sexual depravity and when Fred calls her Anna,one of his victims whom she physically resembles. With both the Wests charged,she is no longer needed but visits Fred in prison privately in the hopes that he will disclose the fates of more victims to her. When he kills himself,the police need Janet to tell them what he revealed to her in order to convict Rosemary and she comes to see how he used her. At Rosemary West's trial Janet's evidence helps secure a conviction,though an end title suggests that the corpses of other West victims have yet to be unearthed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You can't leave. You're my appropriate adult. I don't give a shit. No, please, please. Please, Janet. Please, stay. You're the only one I can trust. On one condition. You tell the police who else you've killed. All right. In writing, so you can't backtrack. I'll get Mr. Ogden in. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Mr. Ogden. Yes? Mr. West wants to make a statement. Saying what? Who else he's killed. Really? Well, what-- what exactly do you want to say? Go on, Fred. Here, Janet. Come and sit here. So what should we put? Go on. I, Frederick, West authorize my solicitor-- Authorize my solicitor-- 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 HOWARD OGDEN: Howard Ogden-- Howard Ogden-- HOWARD OGDEN: To advise superintendent Bennett-- Superintendent Bennett-- Of? Of a further eight killings. Eight? All right, nine. Well, is it eight or nine? Should we just put approx? That's it, approx. Good girl. HOWARD OGDEN: Of a further 9 approx killings. Is this his signature? Yes. Because these don't sound like his words. Well, we drafted it for him. Following his instructions? HOWARD OGDEN: We. He made this admission following a conversation with Mrs. Leach. I also got him to draw a map. He said that there's-- somebodies are in the garden, some are under the cellar floor, and there's a body in a field. Drawn a bit vague. Others to be identified. We've already made a start trying to identify who they might be. It's a huge breakthrough, sir. DSI JOHN BENNETT: Why did he come out with all of this? I told him that if he didn't start telling the truth, then I wouldn't help him any more. Well, that could be regarded as putting him under duress. How? I was just being honest. And I told him that it was you he should tell, not me, Because what he tells me I have to keep in private confidential. You've done exactly the right thing. I won't have to go to court, will I? Oh, I doubt that very much Mrs. Leach. You're the appropriate adult. You're here to assist Mr. West. See the problem I have down here is the hot water table. No matter how much concrete I put don't, I still get seepage. Right. Let's see what I can do for you. I don't know. What don't you know, Fred? I can feel them, spirits reaching out to me. But I'm getting the same message from all of them. They're trying to tell me that they're better off where they are. They don't want to be disturbed. This is a pile of crap. Either there are more bodies here or there aren't. He's told us that there are. He better not have come up with those extra nine just to impress you. I don't think he's done that. All the same, I'd be weary of getting too pal-y with him. I'm not getting pal-y with him. I'm just trying to help. Dig the floor up. Take the house apart brick by brick if you have to. This is getting out of hand. People are gonna start thinking he's taking the mick out of us. Thanks. Janet Leach? Yeah? Can we have a quick chat? What about? JOURNALIST: What you're doing with the police. Janet, hi, Kirsty Stephens, the Herald. JOURNALIST: Fuck off Kirsty, I'm talking to her. Listen, Janet, before you make any decisions, please, talk to me. What you mean, decisions? KIRSTY STEPHENS: Cromwell Street. You clearly know the inside story. Who told you that? We have our ways. I've got nothing to say to you. It's me. Hi. How's things? MIKE: Look, at this. It's a Jag XJ-6 4.2 Litre Coupe 8. What? Yeah, and only 6,000 were made. It's got full leather, automatic transmission, top speed of 120. Immaculate throughout. You're not thinking of buying a car. It's only four grand. We haven't got four grand. We could get it easy. How? Newspapers. Look what came through the door. What? They want to buy your story. Could be worth thousands. I can't talk to the press. But everyone else is. Who? I don't know, the police? How else does all this stuff get in the papers? It's a hell of a story, Janet. It's just been on the news about there being more bodies. Mike, this is ridiculous. I'm doing this because it's vital, not to make money. Bonkers if you ask me. Well, I'll have to rustle it up from somewhere else then. Is he all right? JANET LEACH: What you mean? It's the sort of thing he starts doing, talking about buying stuff he can't afford. No. He's fine. He's taking his medication. Yet another takeaway? Yeah. We had to eat something. How long is this gonna go on? I don't know, love. Oh, it takes me back, this, you know. Right back to boyhood, every inch, every blade of grass. That was the letterbox field down there. We've come here to search for the remains of your first wife, Fred. We're not sightseeing. I know. Lovely to get out of that police station, eh, Janet? Smell God's fresh air. Try there. DC HAZEL SAVAGE: OK, lads, we're over here. Let's spot there. Mark that one down. - OK. That's it. So if you take that as your starting point-- I have a mind to wander over there too, Janet. Why? Old time's sake. What's so special about over there? See, I love Rose and I loved Rena too, but Anna was the one. Who's Anna? True love of my life. See, Anna, was having a baby too. That was the baby I wanted. I don't understand. DC HAZEL SAVAGE: All right. I was just asking Janet about my fish. Fish? My tropical fish, who's feeding them. Let's get you back to the nick. Mike, you bought it? MIKE: Yeah. It's not the one I went after, in the end, it's another. Beautiful, isn't it? How much was it? MIKE: It's just immaculate. The bloke I bought it from, he's a-- he's a Jag specialist. How much was it? MIKE: Nine grand. 9,000? You can't spend that kind of money on a car. It's fine. I got it on HB. We don't even need another car. What is going on in here? We got a new TV and a new video too. Even better deal than the car. I got this new unit to put them on. But they haven't supplied enough fixings here-- We're not getting a new TV or a new car. Have you been taking your lithium? Yeah, of course. Yeah. JANET LEACH: You sure? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, you haven't. You've been missing days. You can't afford to miss any days, you know that. Right, kids, upstairs. Go on. Go. Mike, the car is going back and the TV and the video. MIKE: Why? JANET LEACH: Just sit down. - I'm not taking them back. - Just sit down. Why? Just sit down. Go and sit down. Come on, love. Come on. I'm going to have to get you into the hospital. I'm going to go and call them now, all right? I warned you. JANET LEACH: Just stay out of this, Josh. None of this would've happened if you'd been thinking of us. You'd far rather spend time with that murder. Just leave it, will you, Josh? Oh, hello. Yeah, my name's Janet Leach. And I'm calling about my partner. He's bipolar and he's going into a high and I need to bring him in urgently. He's finally dropped off. He's clearly got very overstimulated thought. It could take days, maybe weeks, to get him fully stabilized again. I see. Do you need me to stay? DOCTOR: No. Would it be all right if I came back this afternoon at half four? Fine. I'm admitting nothing. Because I got fucking nothing to admit. No, I-- that's what I'm saying, May. I'm as shocked about this as you are. Rose is denying to us and to her daughter. We've got nothing else on her. So unless Fred drops her in it-- Janet. Ready to crack on? Yeah, but I need to leave about four at the latest, because I've got an urgent family matter. That's fine. DC DARREN LAW: Did you engage them in sadomasochistic acts? They were adventurous young girls. So how did you end up killing them? You see, you even got the killing wrong. You're trying to make out that I just went out and blatantly killed people. It wasn't like that. Enjoyment turned to disaster. We're all having difficulty understanding this, especially how these things can have go on without Rose's knowledge. Rose was out. Out where? Shopping. Whilst you had sex, murdered, and buried them? She must have had an awful lot shopping to do. FRED WEST: She does. It's a fair walk to Tesco. DC HAZEL SAVAGE: Mary Bastholm, Carol Cooper, Lucy Partington, Shirley Hubbard. The women I just named didn't stay at your house. I don't believe they were known to you in anyway. They just disappeared from local bus stops. DC DARREN LAW: This has gone on long enough. DC HAZEL SAVAGE: Do you know where you were then, Fred? DC DARREN LAW: Let's go through this one more time. DC HAZEL SAVAGE: Did Rose ever have these sexual encounters? Did she participate in them? Did Rose kill Charmaine? Rose didn't kill no one. I killed Charmaine when I come out Leyhill Prison. For the last time, Rose had no part of this. Your loyalty's very touching. Do you think she feels the same about you? Rose loves me. And you're so confident about that you didn't mind her having sex with other men? That's correct. So long as you knew about it. I always knew about it. So you knew she was seeing male clients at another premises in Gloucester? What? DC DARREN LAW: 22 Sunderland Street. That's rubbish. DC DARREN LAW: We've spoken to men who met her there for sex. Do you find the upsetting, Fred? There were things in Rose's life you didn't know about, sexual relationship she kept to herself. No, I don't, because you're making it up. No, I'm not, Fred. Rose is all mine. She always has been. And I would know. I'd know here if that ever changed. Rose is my love. That's what she is. And I'm not having you lot telling me otherwise. Sit down please, Fred. Fred, you're not helping yourself. DC DARREN LAW: The interview is ended at 15:47, by my watch. This suggestion that Rose  without Mr. West's knowledge. Did you have any further disclosure about that? DC HAZEL SAVAGE: You better come to the office. HOWARD OGDEN: I do want to be sure I'm given the correct advice. Don't rush off, Janet. JANET LEACH: I have to. That's all bullshit about, Rose, seeing other fellas in some place I don't know about. I'm afraid I can't stay and discuss it now. A man needs to know his wife has no secrets from him, doesn't he? Would keep secrets from your husband? I'm not married. There's still a lucky fella in your life. I can tell that. - Mind your own bloody business. No, please, don't go. Please. I'm-- there's something I want to tell you. It's about Rose. What about her? She was involved. In how many of them? Lots. Things I could tell you about what she done to some of them girls. I may have started it, but she took over and did whatever she liked. I mean it. She did took baby out of Shirley's body, not me. That's the kind of woman she is. If all of that is true, how can you hold that back from police? For the sake of the family. I don't understand. We made a pact, see, that I would take all the blame to myself. On the day the police come around with a warrant, I was out. Rose called me to warn me. When I got home, police gave us five minutes alone together and we agreed then that I'd tell him it was all me. And I know you think it's wrong that Rose gets away with it and I pay the price, but. that's the plan we made so she could look after the family and that plan is working, Anna. Why did you just call me Anna? Sorry. I-- Janet. I get confused. My mind's spinning with all this-- I'm losing everything. My family, my wife, home. And you, you're helping me through the most terrible time of my life. You're my only friend. I'm not your friend, Fred. You are. We're going on a journey together, Janet. And neither of us knows where it's gonna end, but we're on it together. I have to go. Mrs. Leach? Yeah? We won't be needing you anymore. What? Your services on the inquiry are no longer required. Why? I'm not obliged to give reasons. You can't just drop me without any explanation. Yes, I can. No, you can't, not now. What do you mean, not now? I can't answer that. Well, clearly, you find all this very distressing, but thank you for your help. I tell you, I'm sick of this, the fucking your father caused me. And those fucking police, yammering on at me. What I'd done, when, what your dad done, when, you stayed in the fucking house, when. Well, I'm not taking the blame for fucking nothing. It was a long time ago, all right? I don't know what you think happened, anyway! I got a fucking hairdresser's appointment this afternoon. Don't pull me. Don't you fucking pull on my arm, girl, or I'll pull on yours. I'll fucking break it for you, if you want. Bitch. She was wearing the last time you saw her? How old was she then? And the exact-- the exact date, please. Yeah. How could you have killed Charmaine if you were in prison, Mr. West? No comment. And I'm DC Carl Kempinsky. And could I have your name, please? That's a photograph of the remains of your daughter, Heather. How do you feel when you look at it? No comment. DC CARL KEMPINSKY: Could you please confirm your name for the tape? Rose helped you kill Heather, didn't she? No comment. DC HAZEL SAVAGE: It was thought that different team, different tactics might be things up a bit. So you want me to resume as his appropriate adult? I'd understand if you said no. No, I'll do it. Not cause I want to do him any favors. Sir, Mrs. Leach is back on board, sir. Good. I appreciate it. He's-- he's coming up from the cells now. We're going to Kempley. We can't find Rena's remains. Mrs. Leach has agreed to resume as your appropriate adult. Well, now, day already looks a lot rosier. You see all the work we've done here, Fred, and we still haven't found any remains. Rena's somewhere here, I'd put my shirt on it. But if Rena's here, then why isn't Charmaine? You killed them at the same time. Charmaine was a child. It's very hard to talk about that. We need you to do that, Fred. Tell us exactly what happened. Are you gonna answer the officer, Fred? DC DARREN LAW: You'd split up with Rena, hadn't you? You were living with Rose and Charmaine was with you. Well, You arranged to meet Rena in the pub. Might have got a drink in, gone absolute paralytic, and then drove her out here and strangled her. Where was Charmaine? Asleep in the car. Rena had given her a lager or something. And I thought what the heck am I gonna do? Mom and Dad, poor little lamb. Who's gonna to tell her that? So I strangled her. And drove her back to Middland Road and we sat outside the house a while, wanted to make sure Rose was in bed. And then, I hid Charmaine by the back wall of the house, thinking I'd bury her the next day. So we need to start searching the Middland Road house as well? Correct. What is it, Fred? Why are you looking over there? Something pulling me there. JANET LEACH: What is it? Anna. DC HAZEL SAVAGE: Is this Anna McFall, Fred, Anna who used to look after your children when you were with Rena? I can feel her now. She's calling to me. I've got to remind you, Fred, that you're still under caution. You don't have to say anything, unless you wish to do say. And what you do say maybe used in evidence. I feel her presence now, like she's standing beside me. Did you murder Anna, Fred? Did you bury her here? You all right, Fred? I didn't kill Anna. You believe me, Janet. Anna had my baby. How could I kill the greatest love of my life with my baby inside her? I've got nothing to say. That's it. The woman's just trying to get home. Hi, Mom. Hi, Mom. Hi. How's things? Yeah. Great fun living in the middle of a siege. JANET LEACH: Oh, I'm really sorry about that. JOSH LEACH: So why are you doing it again? Tell them to stick it. Hello. Oh, hi, Hazel. What? Now All right. Don't, Josh. Mrs. Leach, I'm come down with you. JANET LEACH: No. It's all right. Oh, Janet, I just wanted to say how-- hope I didn't upset you today. Thought I'd frightened you off. What are you doing? I can't get through this without you. Get off of me. That is completely out of order. Sorry, Janet. Won't happen again, I swear it. It's just that this business about Anna, it's really upset me. And you see, Anna was more important to me than anyone in the world. And I truly did feel her in that field. I can feel her with me now, because you're here. She's guiding me through you. I don't know what you're talking about. No, but you would, you would Janet. If you-- if you saw Anna, you'd understand. I'm sorry about that. He was insisting he wanted to see you. He just needed reassuring that I wasn't gonna quit. Good. Can I ask? Yeah. Anna McFall, who exactly was she? Basically, she was a 17-year-old girl. When Fred was with Rena, she used to look after their children. She developed some kind of infatuation with Fred, which led to an affair. Anna got pregnant wanted Fred to leave Rena. Shortly after that, she went missing. This was August 1967. We released a picture of her earlier. Night. DC DARREN LAW: We're now applying for a warrant to search the area where you indicated Anna McFall might be. I'd say that'd be wise. DC HAZEL SAVAGE: Did you kill her, Fred? I'd sooner stab myself in the arm with a dagger. DC DARREN LAW: Well, if you didn't, who did? It was anyone, it'd be Rena? Why Rena? When Rena found about Anna, she couldn't bear it. But Anna refused to give me up. Did you enjoy having two women fighting over you? I've learned to live with women competing over my affections. You enjoy being part of a love triangle? Is that how it sometimes was with Rose? If you're trying to get me to say that my loving wife ever hurt anyone-- You just said that your previous wife did. This is a trap. Did you see that, Janet? The police are just asking questions, Fred. And you need to answer them honestly. And I am doing. Rose is not a murderer. I just don't believe you, Fred. I think Rose killed Charmaine. FRED WEST: Well, that's up to you. And we're asking Rose all the same questions. And if there's any discrepancy-- There'll be no discrepancy, because she'll tell you absolutely nothing. - How would you know? Did she tell you that's what she would do? FRED WEST: All I know is you'll never wear Rose down. She ain't a afraid of you lot. Matter of fact, it's you lot should be afraid of her. Why? On account of the fact that some of your lot were using her services. You with me, Janet? There was coppers paying Rose for sex. Where's your evidence? Rose has got the evidence. If there were such evidence, Fred, we wouldn't allow that to inhibit our investigation. Now, you're grinning again. You're adopting that cocky tone. Do you agree, Janet? - Yes, I do. And I think it's most regrettable. And I think you should take this very seriously. Don't you start being harsh for me, Janet. I'm just telling you the truth. You see, I don't believe you about Charmaine. Nor do I believe that you could conduct sexual relationships with young women, kill, dismember, and bury them in the house you shared with Rose without her knowing. Well, what you believe don't matter, Hazel. It's what you can prove matters. DC HAZEL SAVAGE: Take Lynda Gough, for instance. Her parents believed that Lynda became very friendly with Rose when she came to lodge with you. Rose looked after her. She was like that. And when Lynda disappeared and her parents called at your house to ask if you knew where she was, why was Rose wearing her cardigan? Well, Lynda must've left it behind. We told them that. I think that's nonsense. I think that you and Rose manipulated and coerced young women into sexual activity-- I've admitted we're broad-minded people. Activities which became sadomasochistic in nature. We know what your taste in pornography is. We know what Rose did with her clients. And now you're putting two and two together to make five. I suggest that you and Rose took those acts much further than those girls could possibly have imagined. There was a beam in the cellar, ropes, rolls of tape, a surgical mask, other instruments of torture. I suggest that you suspended them from that beam-- Janet, tell her to stop it. DC HAZEL SAVAGE: You bound and gagged them. Janet, you're my friend. DC HAZEL SAVAGE: You watched Rose-- Just be honest, Fred. DC HAZEL SAVAGE: Unspeakable agonies, until they eventually died. And you just stood back and watched for your own sexual gratification. And when Rose had finished with them, you dismembered their bodies and buried them with her full knowledge. I suggest that the two of you did similar things to your daughter Heather and to Charmaine. Rose is innocent. I ain't got nothing more to say. Interview was terminated at 15:54. A word, please, DC Savage. Rose has been charged with the murder of Lynda Gough. I don't believe you. Well, that's up to you. But it's a fact. She wouldn't have admitted nothing and you ain't got no evidence. Oh, I believe we have enough. I need Rose back in the house. And I need our house put back together and our family put back together. I don't think that's going to happen, Fred. Janet, help me. Help me get-- Don't let them. Fred, calm down. Come on, Fred. You OK? Have you really got evidence? Detective Superintendent Bennett feels we've got all we're gonna get. He's bringing these interviews to a close. Your part in this is over. Thank you. REPORTER 1 (VOICEOVER): Rosemary West, the wife of the Gloucester builder Frederick West appeared in court today, charged jointly with him of murdering 19-year-old Lynda Gough. REPORTER 2 (VOICEOVER): She's jointly accused with her husband Frederick of killing Lucy Partington and Carol Ann Cooper. Both their bodies were found in the cellar. Hidden beneath a blanket, Rosemary West is led into court to face a fresh murder charge. She's jointly accused of killing 21-year-old Swiss student Therese Siegenthaler, who vanished-- REPORTER 3 (VOICEOVER): Relates the discovery at Cromwell Street of the body of 18-year-old Juanita Mott. She disappeared in 1975. REPORTER 4 (VOICEOVER): Rosemary West, wife of the Gloucester builder Frederick West has been charged with murdering her daughter Heather. The teenager's remains were among those found at the West's home-- REPORTER 5 (VOICEOVER): Mrs. West said nothing during the three minute hearing, just listened, then nodded as the two new charges were put to her. REPORTER 6 (VOICEOVER): Lynda Gough were found under the ground floor bathroom. The next day, the search unearthed the remains of Carol Cooper, again, in the basement. Even as the last of the nine victims was discovered, the search team have already-- So which one's Lucy? That one? And which one's Max? That one. I just wanted to say sorry. Why? For saying you shouldn't have done it. I saw it on the telly. They've both been set for trial. You can forget it now. Move on, yeah? Ready to go? Come on, Mom. Where are the sausages? And rolls? All right. I'll go. Oh, Mom, don't leave. In a minute. FRED WEST (PHONE): Hello. Janet, it's me. How are you? I'm fine. FRED WEST (PHONE): I'm relieved to hear your voice. Where are you calling from? FRED WEST (PHONE): Birmingham, Winson Green Prison. How'd you get this number? You see, I need your help, Janet. JANET LEACH (PHONE): What do you mean? I can't really discuss it over the phone. Can you come an see me? JANET LEACH (PHONE): Now? Fred, my involvement with you is over. I've-- I've gone back to normal family life. FRED WEST (PHONE): That's-- that's grand. That's lovely. Only, please, give me this one bit of help. I'd be-- I'd be so grateful. I need you, Janet, please. All right, I'm off. All right, love. Bye. - See you. - See you. Oh, I might be late tonight. If Mike's not back, can you start my tea? Oh, God. MIKE: It's no problem. I'll be back. Anything special? Oh, it's just a late lecture. MIKE: See you. Janet. All right. Sit here. Thanks. You can't divorce me. What? We haven't even gotten ready to get married yet. So how come you need a lawyer? I'm doing it for Fred West. How come? He asked me to. You've been to see him? Yeah. At his request. I can't believe it. It was a purely practical matter that-- And you agreed? That he needed help with. You must be mad. You're only finding him a solicitor? Well-- What? I get the feeling that there's more that he wants to tell me. About what? About what he did, what Rose did. Such as? I don't know, Mike. And if I did, I wouldn't want to talk to you about it. Look, our life go into such a terrible mess before because of him. So if you don't want me to do this-- No, no, no. I'm fine. I'm taking my medication. So long as you're OK with it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 