The Amazing World of Gumball: Season 4, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Amazing World of Gumball 
 s4e11 - The Routine - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Amazing World of Gumball (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 11 - The Routine - full transcript 
 Mom and the kids depart for their hard day's work, leaving a seemingly lazy Dad half-asleep on the sofa. Mom has given him one very simple job: buy mayonnaise. However, Dad manages to turn this mundane task into an epic quest, showing that his daily routine isn't as inactive as his family imagine. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In an age long forgotten, Legend speaks of an unsung hero Some call him the couch-crusher. To others, he's known simply as the oncoming wind. But to a special few, he's known as... Dad! Wake up! My arms are too short to reach a nerve. Why do we want to wake him up anyway? Because... It's completely unfair 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That he gets to veg out all day While we have to go to school! If you want him to wake up, You have to use the magic word. ''Please''? -No, ''Bacon.'' -Yes! Come on, guys, you're gonna be late for school. Why does he get to sit there all day? He doesn't. He has a very important list of chores To do while I'm at work. "Get mayo''? Where's the rest of the list? Well, I've never seen him make it down to 2, so, eh... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey! It's not as easy as it looks! You're right, I'm sorry. Please be careful, our father, On this dangerous and mighty quest. Thank you! I was being sarcastic. Thank you? Never mind. And thus begins our hero's quest. He shall not rest until he has returned With the sacred sauce. Or maybe he shall quickly rest for a little bit,  Then go on his quest for the sacred sauce! Let the quest begin! I should have put the pants on first. Oh, forget it! Cover your eyes, Margaret. The neighbor's going to the store again. Onward, Cartax! And so our hero begins his journey Through the perilous kingdom of Elmore. Go, Cartax, go! Yah! Yah! Yah! After many miles, Our warrior reaches the territory Of the oracle of suburbia. What is it, Cartax? Your hazard lights are on. Is there danger ahead? Who goes there?! Where are you?! Down here. Turn back or perish! You quest for mayo is doomed! How do you know about my quest? Underpants don't have pockets. But I can also read your future, rotund warrior. I will let you see it -- at a cost. Name your price, troll thing I know almost everything. Apart from this -- what does "L.O.L." Mean? I keep getting it in messages And want to use it myself to feel cool, But I don't know what it means. It means... Lots of love? Thank you. "Dear master of the dark arts, Sorry to hear about your mother, L.O.L" Now kneel before me! Many of Elmore's unemployed heroes Went to the supermarket and never came back. You don't mean... Yes, they got hired and now work there. I do not scare so easily, goblin head! For I am totally unemployable! Then may the spirits be with you on your journey, Destroyer of burgers. Master of the dark arts. Ugh, bummer. If you wish to pass the gates of old, You must first cross our palms with gold. What? We be the trolls of this toll booth. Pay for your passage or lose a tooth! Still don't get it. Are you speaking English? Ugh! It's 25 cents to go through. What?! Are you highway bandits?! Technically, we're in the service of the government, But, basically, yes. Then feel my wrath! My hand! My eyes! Go, Cartax, go! Toll penalty tickets! Psych! Our warrior continued his journey Through the kingdom. He almost broke his wrist honking too much In the valley of car-tastrophia. He fought for a long time To escape the deadly vortex of the drive-thru window Where your worst enemy is yourself. Until he made it to the dreaded swamps of asphalt. No! We cannot continue this way, Cartax! We must turn back. But at least the tension hasn't been artificially heightened By having that precariously balanced tree Fall and block our way. No! The tension has heightened Now that that precariously balanced tree Has fallen and blocked our way! What's that, Cartax? Can I please stop stating the obvious? What's that, Cartax? There is another solution? Cartax, no! Aagh! Don't move! I'll find a solution! What's that, Cartax? Use that plank? Yes, of course! Cartax, language! You meant put it under the tires, right. Cartax, no! I don't want to say goodbye! I love you, too! No! Alone, the warrior continued his journey. Many hours he walked to cover the hundred yards Leading to his final destination -- The supermarket. But there was nothing special on offer here. Larry?! Which aisle is the mayo in? It's gone... It's all gone. Don't exaggerate, Larry. There's still a good third of it burning. What happened? The beast discovered the power of coupons. It bided its time, stockpiling them. Then it shopped us to oblivion. It bought everything in sight, Leaving nothing but destruction in its wake. Just like the witch's prophesy. Wherefore is the lair of this beast?! Surely you don't intend to fight it! My queen requires only a jar of mayo, Not the head of a beast. I don't know how you do burger night at your house, weirdo. And as night fell, Our weary traveler arrived at the arena Where the final act of his destiny shall play out. Finally, my quest has come to an end. What was it again? Oh, yeah. Get mayo! Ah, that prophesy was misleading. That's nowhere near as bad as I -- It was buy one, get one free! Psych! Cartax! Psych! Cartax, go! Well, I guess he did do something today... He put his pants on. Come on. Let's set the table for burger night. And so our hero's tale comes to an end. To the beast, he is a thief. To his family, he's a huge slob. To his neighbors, He's the reason house prices are going down in the area. But to me, he will always be my master. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 