Columbo: Season 7, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Columbo 
 s7e1 - Try and Catch Me - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Columbo (1971–2003): Season 7, Episode 1 - Try and Catch Me - full transcript 
 A successful mystery writer suspects her niece's husband murdered her, and she exacts revenge by asphyxiating him in her house safe. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Do you really think I didn't know? Three, two, one, bingo! This is Peter Falk Here are some scenes from the next episode of Columbo Did he leave a note? No, ma'am Nothing to write with But he took off his belt I'm Lieutenant Columbo and I'm looking for a Miss Veronica Bryce Me! Do you think Veronica did it, Lieutenant? But she could've got an idea who did kill him 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (CLOCK TICKING) (MACHINE WHIRRING) ABIGAIL ON TAPE All right, Veronica, this ones for the Ladies Club Just a rough copy to play with I come before you as the author of 32 books on the same subject In other words, I have one of the most limited minds in the world Thats bad enough, but to limit myself to writing about murder seems to Veronica dear, you still here? VERONICA Just winding up III be right in Oh Galleys ready, Abigail? This much, anyway Good I should have sent you home hours ago 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh! Something wrong? Don't you hear it? No I think it's a nightingale We haven't had any for years I don't hear anything I'll be sure these get off in the morning Just one small thing Would you call Edmund for me? Ask him to stop by tomorrow Phone your nephew Well, he's not my nephew He was merely married to my niece That's an entirely different thing, my dear Perhaps he would like to take me for a walk on the beach 2:30 would be nice Okay Wait a minute I do hear something What? A nightingale What a clever girl you are Good night, Abby (DOOR CLOSING) ABIGAIL ON TAPE manage an escape from my own particular pathology I have, heaven help me, made attempts at humor, romance, a childrens novel, and one perfectly detestable essay on the deterioration of the British royal family since the American Revolution (SEAGULLS CAWING) ABIGAIL: As for the broad Pacific, I find that rather an effeminate body of water EDMUND: Nobody but you could put down a whole ocean Oh Down on the Cape, when I was a girl, I watched the Atlantic day and night How it churned and boiled and roared Did it roar the night Phyllis was drowned? Abby, please don't (CLICKS TONGUE) I loved my niece With all my heart With all the love that I could ever give anyone You loved her, too, didn't you, Edmund? She was my wife And you loved her? Yes, I loved her It must've been terrible for you Alone in a sailboat, coming up from the cabin and Phyllis gone Disappeared in the darkness and we never had even the comfort of finding the body, of knowing she was safely buried The Coast Guard tried And you tried I know what you did Everything you did (HORSES APPROACHING) She was only five years old when I gave her the rights to the play Birthday Present I would have left her everything Now, there's no one but you We're all that's left of her So, when I die, I intend to make you my principal heir Abby, I can't Don't comment I detest being edited I'm not gonna stand here and discuss your death Just accept the fact you'll inherit a great deal of money Don't pretend that doesn't please you There Life is short, life is fleeting I'm glad you're not going to protest because, you see, Edmund, I really have made up my mind about you and about me (STOPWATCH TICKING) Annie, my bags are ready MARTIN: Anything in this document to the contrary (TYPEWRITER CLACKING) notwithstanding, being of sound mind Oh, Miss Mitchell, your nephew finished with his dinner Edmund? Did he eat well? Oh, very well, ma'am Isn't that nice? I always like to hear a young man has a good appetite (TICKING) (DOOR CLOSING) Edmund, how nice you look Oh Dressed for the occasion I didn't realize there was an occasion I want to sign my new will in your presence Give you a lovely sense of security Abby, I want you to understand I hope you live forever I don't want anything from you It's not a question of what you want It's what I want And I do not intend to live forever If I did, I wouldn't go flying around in airplanes I wouldn't sleep a wink if I don't settle all this business before we take off Murder of the Year closes, you know, tomorrow night I wanna be there for the last performance After 19 years, you've had a pretty good run Well, the rights belonged to Phyllis, you know And to you now, since the accident I understand they'll be doing it in Warsaw Oh, Edmund, would you bring me my jewel case It's in the safe EDMUND: Certainly ABIGAIL: Large leather box, rather flossylooking You'll find it Martin is coming with me He speaks very sternly to my publishers Abby, the light doesn't work Oh It hasn't worked for months I'll have to speak to Veronica about it Now, this comes Well, that goes with me Oh, I'll need some cash Those metal boxes, third one from the top There you are My God, Abby Somebody's God, I suppose Back it goes Respectfully All right, Abby Edmund Nice to see you again, sir Thank you Could we gather here, please? Abby, this is your new will Your signature is here Edmund, this is your will Mine? I took the liberty of asking Martin to draw up your will, too You're my heir, I'll be your heir If you should predecease me, a most unlikely event, then the rights to Murder of the Year would come back to where they started Is that all right? I should have thought of that myself As you said, Abby, we have nobody but each other now May I have a pen, please? Aren't you going to read it? Why? Don't you think I trust her? Now, Martin, would you ask Veronica to witness these? Abby, that plane is not going to wait for us They might if I ask them It might at that (DOOR CLOSING) There The deed is done Edmund, there's just one more thing Only three people know the combination My attorney, Veronica and myself Now I want you to have it, too Abby, I'd rather I didn't Well, Martin would also rather you didn't But this is my safe We'll sneak around Martin and do as I wish I want you to drive away, then come back the service road Wait for me by the side door and I'll see Martin doesn't disturb us for a few minutes Whatever you say, Abby Have a fine trip, Abby Mr Hammond We will, dear Abby, we're cutting it awfully close I'll just get my coat Martin, I have to show you something Not now, Abby Now! I'll say goodbye, now, ma'am Goodbye, Annie Abigail, you are the most exasperating woman I have ever met I accept all superlatives (CHUCKLES) It's this switch It hisses And the lamps don't go on There could be a fire For Pete's sake, Abby Well, you're so clever with these things I won't sleep a wink if you don't fix it With what? This (CHUCKLING) Anything, Abby, anything to get us out of here Oh, I love you (INAUDIBLE) (TICKING) This is the alarm It has to be off, as it is now Okay Now, the combination Write it down, dear You have to turn it to the right three times, then start it in this position, on the 12 Right No trick at all Now you must memorize it (GASPING) We've forgotten the wills These have to go in the safe Where do they go? Those metal boxes on the top Okay Edmund, you murdered my Phyllis Do you really think I didn't know? Madam, your switch is fixed Of course, it is ABIGAIL: Thank you, Martin Don't dawdle, Martin Remember, we do have a plane to catch MARTIN: The next time, Abby, let's take the day flight ABIGAIL: Days are for work Nights are for play Stewardess, may I have another Scotch? VERONICA ON PHONE I still cant believe it, Abby I opened the safe this morning and he was there Edmunds body You have to come back right away, please, Abby ABIGAIL: Stewardess, may I have another Scotch, please? (POLICE DISPATCHER CHATTERING ON RADIO) Abby, are you all right? Yes, absolutely I'm so sorry I had to call you like this, but I'm Abigail Mitchell I heard nothing at all strange that night And I'm a very light sleeper (CLOCK TICKING) (CAMERA CLICKING) Miss Mitchell? I'm Sergeant Burke You know about the body in there, ma'am? (STUTTERING) Yes We'll have the safe right open Six, five, four, three, two, one, bingo! Did you hear anything? Nothing Soundproof Excuse me, ma'am You're Abigail Mitchell, "the best in murder" I just want to say, ma'am, that it's a very great honor to meet a famous author I just wish we were meeting under happier circumstances Thank you, young man You're very kind My name is Lieutenant Columbo, ma'am Homicide Mr Galvin, the deceased, I understand he was your nephew No blood relation He was married to my niece Yes, your secretary told us how your niece died in a boating accident four months ago They loved each other so It's inconceivable that another accident could take Edmund's life Excuse me, ma'am What accident was that? My safe, his death Oh, I doubt that was an accident, ma'am I doubt that very much Now, he did have the combination to your safe I gave it to him last night And we found it in his pocket But could you just take a look over here, ma'am? All done, Lieutenant Anything else? Out back, Sergeant You know what we're looking for Yes, sir This is your burglar alarm, ma'am When your secretary came in this morning to open the safe, she found the alarm switch on, like this Now, the question is, how did your nephew get into the safe all by himself when the alarm was on the whole time? I can't imagine I I'm so confused Oh, I can't really imagine you confused, Miss Mitchell Not someone who can plan a murder like you I mean all your mysteries, ma'am But me, I don't mind admitting that I'm confused and I am because we didn't just find your nephew's body in the safe Now, all this was spread out on the floor of the safe just the way you see it (STUTTERING) That's one of my manuscripts The Night I Was Murdered Well, it was pulled apart, ma'am Nothing missing All the pages are there But pulled apart You don't suppose Edmund was reading it to pass the time? Surely he must have expected to be rescued Well, the light in the safe doesn't work, ma'am And he only had six matches, which he used up Poor soul Burning up his oxygen Did he leave a note? No, ma'am Nothing to write with But he took off his belt His belt? His belt, ma'am It has little flecks of black something, like paint, on the buckle The medical examiner says the same black stuff is under your nephew's fingernails Scratching at the door of his death trap Oh, hideous Well, the thing is, ma'am, the only black paint around the door is on the outside And then, Miss Mitchell, there are these Two pieces of paper with torn edges Nothing on them Oh, dear I'm afraid I can't absorb it all Baffling, isn't it? I was hoping you might be able to explain Do you mind if we leave this room? The whole thing is so oppressive Certainly, ma'am I understand Oh, Abby, I put a tea tray in the living room After that, you really should get some rest I couldn't possibly, dear Besides, I have work to do with Lieutenant Columbo "I have work to do with Lieutenant Columbo" I wish Mrs Columbo could hear that I'll tell you, she's one of your biggest fans I mean, the day that one of your books comes out, she's the first one to put her order in at the library Delighted, Lieutenant This certainly is a charming room Very nice little things you have standing around, ma'am Very nice Very nice You know, a woman in your position, ma'am, (PLAYING THIS OLD MAN) I'm surprised you don't have an attorney here with you I don't understand No I mean, an important person like you and how you had your attorney here last night and he flew to New York with you and I would've thought that he would come back with you I did not consider it appropriate to return to a corpse in my safe in my home, hand in hand with my lawyer The image lacks civility One lump, two? Three, thank you, ma'am You know what I'm dying to ask you? All those books, all those brilliant schemes, how do you think of them? By putting myself in your position Isn't that something? That's just what I said to Mrs Columbo I said, "When that woman writes, "she don't think like a murderer, "she thinks like a policeman" (CHUCKLING) Having composed myself, I'm ready to think like a policeman now I believe I can explain what happened here last night and why the switch was on this morning Oh, I would appreciate that, ma'am That would be a big help Uh Can I sit in this? Well, that's what it was made for 400 years ago (CHAIR CREAKING) I gave Edmund the combination to my safe after my decision to leave him a great deal of money Are you aware of that? Yes, ma'am We found the wills in one of those metal boxes He drove away just before we left for the airport My attorney was here at the time My maid, my secretary Later last night, Edmund must have returned He knew I keep a great deal of money in my safe You mean he came back to steal? Well, let's say to take an advance against his inheritance It seems I misjudged Edmund But you see, Lieutenant, I neglected to turn the alarm back on when I closed the safe last night I called Annie from the airport, my maid She came into the living room to switch it on Edmund was already in the safe, I believe He heard her coming, he panicked, he pulled the door shut and the dial must have jumped and locked itself It does that sometimes You may check it out yourself I already did, ma'am Well, then you see, it was an accident Well, that certainly makes sense An accident That's probably what it was (KNOCK ON DOOR) Excuse me Lieutenant, we found it Can I talk to you? Yes, Sergeant (INAUDIBLE) Excuse me, Miss Mitchell I can't tell you what a big help you've been A big help to Lieutenant Columbo I wish my publishers could hear you say that (DOOR CLOSING) (COLUMBO WHISTLING THIS OLD MAN) (WHISTLING FADES) VERONICA: Abby Here, you'd better drink this It looks like an awful day Yes, doesn't it, dear? Nephew's Wait a minute, let me see that shoe That's a very nice shoe You like that shoe, Sergeant? It's very nice, Lieutenant Well, it's practically new That's terrific I'm looking for a pair of shoes just like this You see, I like them rounded toes It's Frenchstyle The French started that Oh, made in Italy Well, what's the difference? I like them, you see Used to be very big in this country How do, ma'am? Well, if you fancy them, Lieutenant, as Edmund's legal heir, I'm empowered to make you a gift of his shoes Oh, that's very kind of you, ma'am, but no thanks It's true I am in the market for a pair of shoes and I was caught by the style, but they're not my size They do fit the footprint, though We're making a plaster cast Yes, very impressive But we do know that Edmund was here Remember? He was found dead in my safe Well, the only question is, ma'am, how did he get into the house? Presumably with a key My niece knew that I kept them here She must have told Edmund Here, wait a minute There (GASPING) Uhoh, fingerprints Is it too late? I would say so, yes, ma'am Well, then if there's nothing else Well, as a matter of fact, there is, Miss Mitchell It's about your nephew's car keys You and everyone else saw him drive away We found the car back there on the service road So he had to have car keys But there were no car keys on the body So the question is, what happened to his keys? I can't imagine What do you think? Oh, I'm not a writer, ma'am It's not what I think, it's what I can prove And I can't prove a thing about those car keys But I'm gonna work on it, ma'am I'm gonna work on it very hard Could I have one of these flowers for Mrs Columbo? I insist, Lieutenant Wait till I tell her it came from Abigail Mitchell Goodbye, ma'am Ma'am, if there's nothing else, I'll be turning in Yes, it's time we all had some rest What are you doing, Annie? That policeman, ma'am, the one that's in charge He kept putting his cigar butts in the sand I dumped it out and made it nice and fresh Dumped it where? In the trash, ma'am It was just before the garbage truck come Oh, thank you, Annie Oh, ma'am, one more thing Yes? There were some keys here in the sand Were there? Yes Miss Veronica said they were hers She'd been looking for them And Miss Veronica took her keys? Oh, yes, ma'am How fortunate for her Good night, Annie Good night Oh, Abby Before I split, I thought you might like the draft of the women's club speech Oh, thank you, dear Good night Oh, Veronica Yeah? Is there anything else? I can't think of anything Can you? Not for now Tomorrow is another day, isn't it? It better be Good night, boss Good night (DOOR CLOSING) (SCREECHING TO A HALT) ABIGAIL: You may take this as another confession I cannot write any kind of fiction that doesn't have a murder or a sleuth in it There you are (WOMEN LAUGHING) As Agatha Christie said when someone asked her why she didn't write other kinds of novels, "Madam, one does what one can, not what one can't" (ALL LAUGHING) Very good, you know Putting the murderer behind bars is the business of detective fiction or committing him or her to the executioner Why? Why do so many readers take joy in that? Is it because we're punishing something that we feel in ourselves? Is there murder in our civilized hearts? Obviously, there is in mine And I'm wellpaid (ALL LAUGHING) (APPLAUDING) Well, now, well, now, there are murderers and then there are murders Once upon a time the offended party could issue a challenge to a duel What a wonderful solution to a problem! By the time the duel ended, the problem no longer existed Of course, dueling existed only for our forefathers, not our foremothers Chauvinism at its very worst However, however, women were the cooks and there was all sorts of poison available (ALL CLAPPING) (ABIGAIL CHUCKLING) In our midst today, ladies, there is someone who deals with murder In fact, for him, it's a fact of life Real and frightening, a dark probability from which he must defend us I wonder if we could prevail upon Detective Lieutenant Columbo of the Police Homicide Division to say a few words to us? Oh, come on She got you You're adorable Listen! Perhaps, perhaps, Lieutenant Columbo will speak to us on his special field, hypermodern chemical techniques and their application to advanced criminology There you go (ALL APPLAUDING) I talk better when this is lit I didn't expect anything like this I came here just like you to enjoy the famous Abigail Mitchell As for all that chemical stuff, I think Miss Mitchell was putting you on because I don't know anything about that And about my work being dark and frightening, I'll tell you the truth, I'm not sure about that, either I like my job Oh, I like it a lot And I'm not depressed by it And I don't think the world is full of criminals and full of murderers Because it isn't It's full of nice people just like you And if it wasn't for my job, I wouldn't be getting to meet you like this And I'll tell you something else Even with some of the murderers that I meet, I even like them, too Sometimes Like them and even respect them Not for what they did, certainly not for that But for that part of them which is intelligent or funny or just nice Because there's niceness in everyone, a little bit, anyhow You can take a cop's word for it Thank you, ladies (ALL CHATTERING) ABIGAIL: Oh, thank you, dear Thank you so much I'm so glad you liked it How nice of you to come Miss Mitchell, ma'am Yes I thought you made a wonderful speech You're gonna forgive my little prank? I'm gonna tell you a secret, ma'am I enjoyed myself (LAUGHING) I'll tell you the reason that I wanted to see you, Miss Mitchell I would like to take a look at your nephew's apartment Whatever for? Oh, if I knew that, ma'am, I wouldn't have to look at it Now you're inheriting the property and all, so, I'd like you to be there, too I could run you over My car is right here It's French Very rare Oh, yes, I can see why Would you consider joining me? I'm gonna make a request, ma'am Would you allow me to drive this car? Okay Thank you very much Abby, are you all set? Well, it was all set But you see, now I have a mission with Lieutenant Columbo The travel agency called about the stateroom You want me to take care of it? Oh, yes Just tell them "A" deck again Right You know, I can remember the only new car my father ever bought How proud he was The way it smelled Kind of like the inside of a Pullman car It wasn't like this, though, I'll tell you that Mmm My father never owned a car Not until I bought him one I was 20 I'd just sold my first book Shall we compare poverty stories, Lieutenant? Not in a RollsRoyce, ma'am What a treat to watch a consummate professional at work (MUMBLING) You may ignore me Proceed to detect Well, there won't be much to watch, ma'am Oh What did you say that your nephew did for a living? Well, now, you see those quaint objects up against the wall? Those are called skis And this funny whatchamacallit, this over here, that is called a tennis racket Now, this gizmo on the wall is a sailboat's wheel You may deduce what Edmund did with his time Any enemies, would you say? Oh, I can't imagine why there should be Are you still going to hold to that theory of malice and murder? Until I find those keys, ma'am Are they in the drawer? You're putting me on again, Miss Mitchell Would you kindly observe me in this other room? Back there at the Ladies' Club, ma'am, when you were talking to Veronica, she said something about a stateroom and you said "A" deck Oh, yes, yes I'm sailing in three days The Far East Off with the old, on with the new Whatever that means I've decided to do my new book on shipboard Oh, I wouldn't count on that, ma'am We're gonna need your presence here in town until this thing is settled There's nothing to settle Bear with me, ma'am My plans were made weeks ago I know you'll understand I do not understand You'll have to discuss this with my attorney Well, I think we're finished here, Miss Mitchell What, precisely, have you found out from all this poking around? I'm surprised, I really am Didn't you see it? Evidently not Your niece and her husband, you said they were very much in love Well, they couldn't have been In fact, they must've had a very poor marriage You see, Miss Mitchell, there aren't any pictures of Edmund's dead wife Not a single one And I'll be very glad to talk to your attorney, ma'am Playing hooky again, huh? That's the blessing of being two years ahead with my books I can squander an afternoon I thought you should know that Lieutenant Columbo's back again Is he? Mmmhmm In the library Whatever does he expect to find in there? (BEE BUZZING) These? Edmund's car keys I knew the police were looking for them So were you, Abby In the sand How very thoughtful of you, dear I believe we'll have this one, too Oh, yes, it's lovely Abby, I've been meaning to speak to you about my salary After all, we've been together nearly four years I thought more like a bonus Perhaps a long trip You've never been to Europe Oh, but I wouldn't wanna be away from you for too long Besides, it might end up like one of your plots I mean by the time I get back, the police might even somehow suspect me of murdering Edmund Yes, I understand I thought maybe we could travel together On your cruise I've never been on a cruise Delightful idea You could help me with my book And there'd be plenty of time to talk about our futures Oh, Abby, I I do hope you don't think I'm forcing myself Oh, my dear, I'm always been baffled by people who say they won't submit to force I can't think of anything else to submit to, can you? (CLOCK TICKING) (DOOR CLOSING) MARTIN: Lieutenant Columbo? Lieutenant Columbo? Yes? How do you do? I'm Martin Hammond, Miss Mitchell's attorney Oh, right You were in New York Yes Would you care to join me? Lieutenant, I trust you realize that Miss Mitchell is a rather influential lady Oh, I'm aware of that, sir I saw all those pictures of her signed by Eisenhower and Truman and Kennedy and Mahatma Gandhi How did she know Mahatma Gandhi? Perhaps from her travels By the way, she intends to travel again She's leaving the day after tomorrow Oh, I don't think I can permit that, sir Why not? Well, as Miss Mitchell said, the body was found in her safe in her house But Edmund had left this house He drove away in front of three witnesses, one of which was myself He returned, well, I don't know when, but it was some time after Miss Mitchell had departed for New York That's a fact to which I also am a witness, Lieutenant So do you propose to hold her as a suspect? No, sir, I don't think I could properly do that As a material witness, then? No, I don't think I could do that, either, sir, since the lady wasn't here Do you think that these two pieces of paper go together, sir? No, they do not Would you say that something is missing? I would say something appears to be missing You're a very good attorney, sir, very convincing Goodbye Goodbye, Lieutenant Very good lawyer, sir Very convincing (MIDDLE EASTERN MUSIC PLAYING) Great Roll off the right foot, honey Fine Dance it, enjoy it Great More hips, hips, hips Good Now make it sensual but dignified, it's not a striptease Combination, hips Great Both sides, use both sides Arms up Stomach, stomach, good You're terrific Excuse the interruption, ma'am I'm Lieutenant Columbo and I'm looking for a Miss Veronica Bryce Yes, Lieutenant? You? Me! Excuse the interruption, I'm sorry More questions? Just a few Thank you Over here All right Thank you Excuse me Hey, that's quite a costume you got there, ma'am I thought this was just some kind of an exercise class Well, that's exactly what it is Now, what can I do for you, Lieutenant? Lieutenant? Yes, ma'am Yes Now, it's about how you came to find Edmund's body in the safe It wasn't very difficult I just opened the door and there he was What I mean is how did you come to open the safe on that particular morning at that particular time? Do you usually open the safe once a week, twice a week, once a month? How often? Whenever I have something to put in it That morning I'd finished typing Abby's new book The Night I was Murdered, that book? No, no The Night I was Murdered was last year's book This is a brandnew one She told me to be sure to lock it in the safe as soon as I'd finished typing the last few pages When did she tell you that, ma'am, the night before? Yes, the night before Excuse me, Lieutenant, but this is the last class before we sail You mean you're sailing with Miss Mitchell? Does that surprise you? Well, yes, ma'am, it does It's just that there in front of the Ladies' Club, I got the impression that you were making the arrangements just for her Oh, did you? Well, I'm included now, is that all right? Oh, certainly Excuse me Pardon me Sorry, sorry, ma'am, forgive me (BIRDS CAWING) COLUMBO: Good morning, ma'am What a nice surprise Oh! Good morning, Lieutenant Do you love surprises as much as I do? Well, that depends, ma'am I've had some nasty ones And given a few, I guess Do you come here often? Well, sometimes in the mornings, walk my dog Is he all right? Well, yes, ma'am Do you see something wrong? He seems to be scraping bottom Well, that's the way they were made He likes to look at the boats We come down here in the mornings and walk and think In my business, the thinking never stops He loves the ocean How can you tell? It makes him frisky Had enough? Okay Now don't go away Stay He's trained Amazing I've been watching the sailboat Oh, beautiful thing Not to me It's like the one Phyllis was drowned on I looked into that, ma'am She disappeared from the boat But the police, they don't know for a fact that she died of drowning I didn't know the police took all that interest It was so officially closed Well, there was nothing else they could do, ma'am No Nope Nothing else That must have been very hard losing someone you love like that I've been very lucky I've lost my parents, that's the way of the world But to lose someone that young, that's like being cheated That's very hard I'm beginning to be very fond of you, Lieutenant I think you're a very kind man Don't count on that, Miss Mitchell Don't count on it Here, dog, come here, dog Come on I still think Edmund was murdered And I'm still looking for the car keys When I find the keys, I'll find the murderer You quite sure, Lieutenant? Very sure, ma'am These are the car keys And I didn't murder Edmund He drove away, I went to New York Remember? I found them this morning, out back Out back? COLUMBO: Right there, ma'am? Next to this sprinkler? ABIGAIL: Right there Right there Well, ma'am, I don't know what to say Well, you might say Edmund dropped his keys I'm a very old woman I know you think I'm stupid To tell you the truth, I'm only really intelligent when I write Still, it seems clear to me, there was Edmund's car, there were the keys and there was Edmund Yes, ma'am, that certainly explains it It certainly does I'll be running off now Goodbye, young man Oh, Lieutenant Columbo Just one more question Yes, ma'am Are you prepared to drop your murder theory? The ship hasn't sailed yet, ma'am (HORN BLARING) (PEOPLE CHATTERING) (PEOPLE CHATTERING) Have a fine time now, ma'am And you too, Annie You enjoy your vacation I will I will (EXCLAIMING) Well, Martin All brighteyed and bushytailed, aren't you? Yes! Well, you are quite a girl, Miss Abigail Mitchell I just write well Thanks for rescuing me from the Lieutenant's clutches Oh, that was my very great pleasure Oh, Veronica, bon voyage Oh, thank you, Mr Hammond Well, take care, love And call me any time you find a body in your safe Abby, my God, it's like a dream How can I thank you? You'll find a way, my dear Is it all right if I go on deck? You're free to do whatever you please Excuse me, Lieutenant All visitors must go ashore Are you sailing with me? Oh, it's not that I wouldn't like that, ma'am Mrs Columbo and I tried it It was terrific Then goodbye Thanks for seeing me off Well, the fact is, Miss Mitchell, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave with me Well, that's impossible Not really, ma'am I have a bench warrant here to show to the captain May I ask why? Well, ma'am, it's those car keys again You see these pictures, ma'am? These are shots of Edmund's footprint taken out there in back of your house That was the day that Veronica found the body Now, this picture here, we had a section of this blown up Here's the blowup You see by this sprinkler head here, that's right where you said you found Edmund's keys Right under that bush, ma'am But there aren't any keys there, not the day that Edmund was killed You see that? So how can you say that you found them there yesterday? The curse of old age, Lieutenant, forgetfulness One bush is much like another Do you want me to speak to the captain, ma'am? I'm gonna be needing your help back there at the house Excuse me, I need my coat out there And I'll need mine (WHIRRING) If you don't mind, ma'am? Is this the important help you needed? Oh, no, ma'am I'm gonna need a lot more help than that To the desk, ma'am You see these two pieces of paper, ma'am? You can see that there is a missing piece And I kept saying to myself, I kept thinking, there's Edmund locked in there in the safe Now supposing, just supposing, I'm right and you're wrong, there he is locked in there by the murderer And he certainly must've known who that was If I'm right, that is Would you agree, ma'am? If you insist Then, I said to myself, if I was Edmund, if I knew I was going to die in there, I would want the murderer punished I would certainly want the police to know who murdered me But you have nothing to write with, Edmund Absolutely correct And even if I could've written out an accusation, I would have no way of being certain who would be the first person to open the safe and find it, or destroy it I mean, for all Edmund knew, it could have been the murderer who would be the first person to open the safe But I can't get it out of my head that the dead man left us something, a message Some sort of sign (EXCLAIMING) The missing piece of paper Not exactly, ma'am That's a puzzle, all right But I keep thinking that Edmund maybe left us a different kind of puzzle These safe deposit boxes, ma'am, they've all been in and out of the safe a half dozen times since the murder Stacked every which way May I put them here? Sure Now, you remember that Edmund had black paint under his fingernails and on his belt buckle like he was trying to scratch at something And the only black paint with scratches is on these boxes Nice, fresh, new scratches Do you see the scratches, ma'am? (EXCLAIMING) His message from the grave Please, ma'am, bear with me It's like we have to interpret them, put them in some kind of order If there is an order, that is That's why I need your help, ma'am Your particular kind of mind I suppose we could start almost anywhere Let's turn this top box over and see what that's like What do you make of that, ma'am? A "V" "V" for victory Perhaps he was expressing his lifeforce (GASPING) Or is it "V" for Veronica? How very cruel of her Do you think Veronica did it, Lieutenant? Oh, I doubt that, ma'am I doubt that very much But she could have got an idea who did kill him Really? What a clever girl she is Perhaps it's upside down (EXCLAIMING) An unfinished "A" "A" for Annie Did Annie, my maid, do it? We haven't got a butler Abigail Mitchell "A" for Abigail, ma'am Was he accusing me? Are you accusing me, Lieutenant? I wasn't here Right, ma'am That's a fact Well, let's take this second one and turn it around Well, we could turn this upside down and put it on top Mmmhmm A "Y" Maybe it's a cosmic question, "Why? " Dear Edmund in the safe, questioning the meaning of life Or why he was murdered, ma'am? Oh, every character I write knows exactly why he was murdered Let's try again About those car keys, the only way you could have got them after Edmund left is for Edmund to have come back before you left for the airport And you were with him, ma'am Edmund and you were together That's very extravagant of you, Lieutenant Can you prove that? No, ma'am, no Not a chance What do you make of that, ma'am? (GROANING) An arrow An arrow pointing straight down Do you think he wanted to call attention to his new shoes? Excuse me, ma'am ABIGAIL: An arrow pointing straight to heaven Heaven is my destination? He wanted us to know the light doesn't work He was always a bit of a complainer It's the title page from your manuscript, ma'am The Night I Was Murdered? It's the missing piece You see, these two words have been rubbed out by a burned match Would you mind reading it for me, ma'am? Out loud, please, ma'am? "I Was Murdered" Go on, ma'am "by Abigail Mitchell" Murdered by Abigail Mitchell Deathbed testimony That's considered very strong evidence, ma'am I understand why you did it, Miss Mitchell Veronica will spit when she hears I don't suppose you would consider making an exception in my case? An old woman, quite harmless, all in all Under the circumstances, your kindness I thank you for the compliment But you're a very professional person in your work and so am I Very professional indeed Just think, Lieutenant If you had investigated my niece's death, all this need never have happened 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 