Thunderbirds: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Thunderbirds 
 s1e1 - Introducing Thunderbirds - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Thunderbirds (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Introducing Thunderbirds - full transcript 
 In this story set before the first episode of the television series, Lady Penelope and Parker head to Tracy Island in order to discover more about International Rescue. There, they witness ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Land sighted, m'lady. I think it's the island. Oh, very well, Parker. Have they contacted us yet? A bloke named Tracy was on the radio. He said it was alright for us to go ashore. Oh, yes, that'll be Mr Jeff Tracy. I'll see you downstairs in two minutes then. DO drive slowly. You know how I sometimes get seasick when we use the hydrofoils on the car. I’ll go careful, m'lady. The sea's not too bad. Nice and calm it is. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Good. You may proceed, Parker. Open the garage door. Yes, m'lady. Can you see anyone on shore, Parker? Uh... only a big geezer with grey hair. Parker, how many times must I tell you about that awful slang! That's Mr Tracy. Oh, sorry, m'lady. Lady Penelope! It's good to see you again. Thank you, Mr Tracy. So kind of you to invite us to your island. From what you told me in England, I'm in for some surprises. If anything CAN surprise you, I think it'll be the International Rescue organisation, Lady Penelope. Now, Jeff, If we're going to work together, you must call me Penny. OK, Penny, it's a deal. Shall we go up to the house? Hop in, Mr Tracy. Riding's better than walking, I always say! Thanks, Parker. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Say, FAB 1 sure is a great automobile. We like it, don't we, Parker? Yes, m'lady. Here we are. Now, if you'll follow me, Penny. Bring the luggage, Parker. Er, yes, m'lady. I'll have to make several trips. You brought a lot of gear. Parker, when one's visiting, one tries to look one's best! Yes, m'lady. Good job she didn't empty the other four wardrobes.... The yacht would have sunk! This is the lounge, Penny. I control most of the rescue operations from here. Oh, really, Jeff. It's quite beautiful. As you know, the International Rescue organisation must remain top-secret. That's why everything is concealed. Quite so. It wouldn't do for your little ideas to fall into the wrong hands. Do be careful, Parker. You'll crease some of my dresses. Oh, sorry m'lady. They're heavy, I dropped them. I'll go back for some more. He's quite a character. Yes. I don't know what I'd do without him. Right. Take a look around, Penny. I want you to feel at home here. After all, you're now part of the organisation. Yes. Now, I understand that our function is to provide means of rescue where all normal methods have failed. That's about the size of it. You'll be controlling the British end of the set-up, of course. Oh, it all sounds terribly exciting! Do get up, Parker. Mr Tracy doesn't want you lying about the place! Sorry, m'lady, I tripped over the cases. The first lot, that is. I'll get some more. As I was saying, Jeff, I'm thrilled to be included in your plans. Ah, those handsome young men are your five sons, I presume. That's right. The portraits change to television pictures of them when they call in. Now, let me see if I can guess which one is which. Starting from left, we have John, Scott, Virgil, Alan, and Gordon. Is that right? Exactly, Penny. Parker! Parker, have you quite finished? Yes. Yes m'lady, they're all in now. Which one did you put the horse liniment in? I think I've bruised my shins. Oh, the seventh one on the right, Parker. And please put it on outside. You know what a powerful odour that application has. Yes, m'lady. I'll try to hobble out onto the front step. Wow! He's quite a personality. Now, how would it be if I filled you in on the more important details of the organisation? That would be excellent. Fine. Now, take a seat and relax. First, I'll start with Thunderbird 5. Above the Earth, and with the computer equipment in Thunderbird 5, we can monitor every radio-call from anywhere on the globe. Now, at the moment, John is in the space station. Now, if he were to pick up a call for help, and it appeared hopeless, he would contact me, here. Where's that sound coming from? The ashtray. Now watch. I press this button, and it folds back. Hello, Brains. All the boys are in position, Mr Tracy. Thanks, Brains. We won't be long now. Yes, Mr Tracy When we've had our tea, I'll take you for a tour of the island. They'll show you each Thunderbird craft, and I'll explain its function. Oh, I mustn't forget that remote-control unit. You mean that awfully heavy looking box in the corner? Oh, Jeff, you mustn't carry that around. I'll ask Parker to do it. Parker? Parker! Where are you? Parker! Oh, you called, m'lady? Yes, Parker. Where have you been? Oh, never mind. Look, will you carry Mr Tracy's little box for him? Whereto, m'lady? It looks heavy. We're going on a tour of the island. Cor! That's miles! Please, Penny, let me carry it. I assure you I can manage. No, No, Jeff. Parker would feel most hurt if he couldn't help out. Wouldn't you, Parker? Yes, m'lady. Right, Jeff. Shall we go? Sure. I think it would be as well to use your car, if you don't mind. The intallations are well spaced-out. Of course, Jeff. Come along, Parker. Don't dawdle. Yes, m'lady. Coming, m'lady. Ooh! You'd think a geared out outfit like this would invent something lighter for a bloke to carry. If we could just stop here, Penny, I think it'd be an ideal position to view the launch of Thunderbird 1. Anything you say, Jeff. Very well, Parker, stop the car please. Yes, m'lady. From up here we can look down on my house and the swimming pool. I'll need my control-case, Penny. Oh, will you bring the box, Parker? Yes, m'lady. You remember seeing the lamps on the lounge wall? Yes. Yes, I remember. Here... here's your case, Mr Tracy. Thanks, Parker. Well, when Scott's called out on an emergency, all he has to do is to grab the lamp brackets, and that part of the floor revolves on a central pivot. The other side of the wall is identical, and it appears as though Scott was never in the room. Oh, I see. Well, your security arrangements have been well thought out. We hope so. Once Scott's on the other side of the wall, a moving floorway takes him towards the nosecone of Thunderbird 1. You mean there's a hangar next door to the lounge? Next door, and below ground. Thunderbird 1 stands ninety feet high, so you see we had to do a lot of excavating. OK, Scott. On your way! At this moment, Thunderbird 1 is travelling on its cradle down the slipway towards the launch pad. Right, now watch the swimming pool. Oh, the pool's sliding to one side. Yes, the whole basin travels beneath the patio. Cor! There's a great big hole there! Now watch your ear drums. She's about to lift off. Magnificent! Now, if we move to the cliffs on the other side of the island, we can watch Thunderbird 2 in action. Parker, don't forget Mr Tracy's little box, will you. No, m'lady. Oh, Parker…. Yeh, I know. Bring Mr Tracy's case. As you will see, there's a house jutting out of that cliff face. Below the house is a plain rock wall. Inside that wall is the Thunderbird 2 hangar. Now, Virgil can reach his machine from the lounge. He crosses to the picture of the rocket. I saw that one. It's a smashing photo. Parker always calls paintings photos.... Well, Virgil stands with his back to the picture, and the entire frame pivots on a central horizontal axis, until his feet are higher than his head. Then he starts his journey down a series of chutes, and goes right into Thunderbird 2. Oy! I can see a lot of green things moving along in that hangar! Yes, that's Virgil selecting a Pod. A what? Well, there are six Pods, each containing special heavy rescue equipment. They move on a conveyor belt beneath the fuselage of the aircraft. Well, what's inside that Pod thing, sir? Thunderbird 4. Cor, that's what I call real clever! Thunderbird 4 is our undersea rescue craft. Thunderbird 2 transports it at high speed, some 2,000 miles an hour, to any part of the ocean we require. You'll see what happens after that when Thunderbird 2 has taken off. I can see the cliff face sliding downwards. Cor... Well, I'll be blown. It's stopped now. As it's so heavy, we had to perfect a ramp for it, to take off. If you watch closely, you'll see part of the roadway open and rise to an angle. It's climbing! Ain't that something. The size of that thing! I never thought it'd fly. Now when I give Virgil the word, he'll bring Thunderbird 2 in over the sea, and you'll be able to watch the launching of Thunderbird 4. Control to Thunderbird 2. Proceed with Thunderbird 4 launch. The Pod thing's opening. Launch rails slide out and there ... Gordon pilots that boat, does he? That's right. Like all the Thunderbird machines, the undersea craft is revolutionary in design and capability, thanks to Brains. Right, another little drive, to the roundhouse, and the tour will be complete. Oh, what an unusual house! It's got a hole in the middle. Specially designed for our purpose, Penny. Below that house is Thunderbird 3. Alan is the pilot - or astronaut is a better title, for Thunderbird 3 is our space ship. And of course, it can be entered from the lounge. You guessed it, Penny. In fact, you were sitting on the couch which goes down beneath the floor, taking Alan with it. You can put Mr Tracy's box down now, Parker. Cor lummy! I was so interested, I forgot I was still holding it. A trolley system caries the couch into the Thunderbird 3 hangar, and Alan is swiftly elevated into the control cabin of the space ship. Control to Thunderbird 3. Blast off! Well, I'm truly amazed, Jeff. I am honoured to have had the opportunity of including you in our secrets. Now, shall we return to the house for a spot of dinner? Kyrano is an excellent cook. That would be very pleasant. Before we eat, Penny, I'd like you to come to the library. Now you're one of us, you must have our code signs, and the other little essential details. You have a rest, Parker, I'll call you if I need you. Yes, m'lady. My, what a lot of books you have, Jeff. Yes.... Brains does most of the reading, but this particular bookcase is mine. I see. It conceals a safe. Yes. Now, if you'll excuse me while I work the combination.... Quite a complicated system. It is. Perhaps the most impregnable safe in the whole world. That's got it. Hey, What's this!? I don't understand, the safe's empty! Perhaps I can help, Jeff. Parker? You called, m'lady? Parker, you will put everything back, at once! Everything, m'lady? Everything! I'm sorry, Jeff. But sometimes, Parker's little talent comes in very useful. Well, with characters like you two around, International Rescue can't go wrong. No, sir! Thunderbirds are definitely GO! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 