Derry Girls: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Derry Girls 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Derry Girls (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 With the Orange March looming Erin's family, along with Clare, Michelle and James, decide to escape Derry for the Republic but Aunt Sarah's tarot reading foretells disaster. After Granda ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Already? It's started already? I think it's just a rehearsal, love. They've been playing the same three songs since 1795 -- what do they need to rehearse for? Well, practice makes perfect, Aunt Mary. You know, that is why they are so cracker. I'm sorry? Did you just call the Orange Order "cracker"? I'm considering joining. I don't think they accept Catholics, Orla, or, you know, acknowledge our right to exist. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Give us a hand here, Gerry -- this'll not close. We need to shift ourselves! We're the last Fenians standing. Relax, love, we've got a good two or three hours before the rioting starts. I'll not settling myself until we're over that border, Da. You're absolutely sure we need the big clock, love? We've been through this, Gerry. Definitely don't want to bring the wee clock? I can't be doing with the wee clock! What is your problem with the big clock? It wouldn't say I have a problem, as such, it's just much heavier and takes up a lot of room. I'm telling you, Mary, that's how it starts -- 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 now he's dictating what size of clock you can pack. Next you'll be telling you what to wear, what to say. Before you know it, you'll be faking your own death and assuming a new identity. Erin, I told you not to let him watch that Sleeping With The Enemy. - Couldn't stop him, Mammy. - Great show. Stick that in the boot. You'll be as well getting one of the wee'uns to do it. Out of the way. Listen to it! I mean, just listen to it! I mean... I mean, I don't... - I mean, why do they have to be so loud? - Breathe, love. Far worse for me, Clare. I mean, my hearing's impeccable. I've read the same paragraph 47 times because I can't concentrate because... Oh, my God, the noise! This whale, he's a bad brute, Mrs Quinn. I have to know if they catch him. Can I come away with you, please? OK, well, if your mother has no objections, I don't see why not. Thank you. Thank you. I'll never forget this. Thank you! She's taking you to a caravan in Portnoo -- she's not giving you her kidney, Clare. Listen, Mary, I just did a reading. The cards say if we go on this wee holiday, we're placing ourselves in grave danger, which I'm not buzzing about, to be honest. You're not psychic, Aunt Sarah. I am psychic, Erin. I did a course. I got a certificate. Aye, this does not look good. Still no sign of the lottery numbers? No, Daddy, this psychic carry-on, it's not all it's cracked up to be, you know? Last night, I woke up to this... wailing sound. I thought to myself, "Jesus, it's Granny Pat, "she's trying to cross over." Now, it turned out it was only Aggie next door. She'd put the electric blanket on full whack and scalded the legs o' herself. But still, it could just as easily have been... - The disembodied spirit of a dead relative? - Exactly. My nerves are wrecked. I am living on a knife's edge here. Is there any Rice Krispies? Shh! Shh! This is the best bit! OK, everyone! Remain calm! I need you all to listen very carefully. OK, I'm going in. For the love of God, don't come in here! Everything all right, Mary? Stay back, Deirdre. This place is a death trap. Listen, Mary, I hate to do this to you, but me and Martin are both working nights and I'm nervous about leaving these two on their own... Don't suppose there's any chance you could take them with you? - Ach, away, Deirdre, it's just... - The English thing? Listen, Mary, I understand. I mean, he's my nephew, and even I find it hard to get past. If I'm totally honest, there's times when I look at him and I feel... well, it's pure hatred. I'll not dress it up. No, no, it's not the English thing. I hope to God it's not the gay thing you're offended by. There is no gay thing. Because I'd be disappointed in you, Mary -- I'll not lie. Of course not. I mean, if anything, the gay thing sort of cancels out the English thing. Again, no gay thing. You wouldn't move over there, James? I can't see past your massive closet. - I'm just not sure we'll have room in the caravan. - It'll be grand. Us men can camp outside. - Oh, God. - Oh, God. Run and ask Jim across the road for the lend of his tent. Oh, thanks a million, Mary. I owe you one. Here, if you want our Ryan to sort that gable wall of yours out, you've only to ask. What's wrong with our gable wall? - Christ's sake! - Do you think it's an omen? Right, now watch. What about that? I tell you, girls, the double glazing, it'll change your life. Yeah, as I said, it's... it's very impressive, Jim. But we're actually in a bit of a hurry, so if we could just grab that tent. Mind-blowing. What are they, stilts? - Golf clubs. - I thought... spatulas. They're rifles! Really? Are you sure? Fairly sure! I also don't understand what connection spatulas, golf clubs or stilts would have to the Irish resistance! Christ, he's a dose. Now, once your tent is erect... .. you'll want to think about where to safely store your food, because believe me, girls, you do not want to attract predatory animals into your sleeping area. Bears are particularly vicious. Yeah, I'm not sure how many bears there are in Portnoo, though, Jim. But there was a cheetah on the beach one time. That was a greyhound, Orla. I know what I saw. He give you the Intrepid, did he? That's his second best tent, you know? I'll tell you what, son, I'm putting you in charge, OK? Oh, please don't. Please don't put me in charge of it. You'll be all right. Right, there's too many of us for one car. Some of you will have to go with me da. Can I? Can I? Cos Joe drives really fast. He, like, runs through red lights and takes corners on two wheels. - It's class! - It really is. - I think I'll hop in with Mr Quinn, if that's OK. - Me too! I'll go with me da -- he lets me smoke. You're coming? What about the grave danger we're putting ourselves in? Well, it's a concern, but so is the fact that I have nothing in for me Sunday dinner, so... All right, Joe, if you just follow me. - Why should I follow you? - I've got the map. - Aye. Well, now I have the map. Ach, Da... Joe, it's all just a bit trickier today. There are so many roadblocks up, there are so many diversions, and, you know, I drive for a living. He says this like it's something to be proud of. Look, we just need to get out of this place as quickly and as quietly as possible. You know what age I am, boy? You know how many of these parades I've lived through? You think I don't realise how quickly a situation can turn? Do you think I would do anything to put my family at risk? No. Of course not. I'm sorry. Aye. What are you looking at, you tangerine tool?! OK, Granda... I think what's happened here is, now, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think your father has just driven through a police barricade. - Well, it's done now. - Oh, that's true. It's probably not even that big a deal if you ignore the fact that Orangemen are circling us as though we're their fucking prey! It'll be grand! I'm starting to understand how Moby Dick must feel. Christ, I'm sweating here. You lot tell me where I can and can't go in me own town? Orange bastards! - Sure, didn't I predict this? - No, you didn't. I said this trip would place us in grave danger, Erin. - Those were my very words. - This isn't grave danger. Oh, look, that cop's pointing his gun at us. I mean, it's not ideal, but this is more of a pickle. It's a pickle, isn't it, Grandad? It's just a pickle. Arseholes! OK, then... - So, would you do me a reading, Sarah? - I would surely, love. Grow up, Michelle. A deck of cards can't actually predict your future. It's ridiculous. It's medieval. Shower of shites! They really don't look that happy, do they? Why don't we just that it was an accident, that we don't want any trouble? I'm not going out there. - Well, send one of the wee'uns out. - What?! - What?! Well, the wee fella's English. They might respect that. I think they would respect that, actually. - Away you go, son. - You're not serious! It'll be grand. Underneath it all, I'm sure they're reasonable enough people. Absolutely no chance! And how soon am I going to meet this fella? - Dead soon. Really soon. - And answer me this -- is he a ride? Oh, God, aye. Is it just a casual thing, or are we talking a keeper here? - I'm thinking marriage. - Holy fuck! Catch yourself on. To think, I could be staring at him right now. You can't marry an Orangeman, Michelle. That's a pity, cos I think there's something really sexy about the fact that they hate us so much. ♪ Holiday! ♪ Celebrate! ♪ I hope your father appreciates the fact that - I was the one who got us out of that mess. - He won't. Nobody back there actually believed you were a Japanese tourist, Gerry. They all thought you were a nutcase. They took pity on you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Dear God, no! - What's wrong? - I can't find my purse. - I can see your purse right there. - No, that's my sterling purse. I'm talking about my punt purse. I can't find my punt purse, Gerry. Blessed St Anthony, the Grace of God has made you the patron saint of all things lost and stolen. I turn to you this day with childlike love and... - Look, Mary, calm down. - Calm down, Gerry? We have no punts! We can't go to the Free State without punts. We're puntless. We haven't a punt between us. Oh, God. I think... I think I'm having a panic attack. - Oh, stupid purse. - Over this? So what happened back there was totally fine, but this, this is worth having a panic attack about? You're going to have to turn around. There is more chance of me eloping with your father to a flip-flop shop in Hawaii! Look, OK, fine! But that means we won't be able to buy anything, which means we'll have no food, which means we'll all starve to death. So, you know, on your head be it, Gerry. Oh, actually, do you know what? I think I put it in the suitcase. False alarm there, St Anthony. Sorry for troubling you. ♪ It would be, it would be so nice... ♪ What's this prick up to now? What the hell were you playing at back there, kemosabe? That's actually a Native American term. - What were you meant to be? - Japanese. I don't think you get much Japanese tourism in Derry, do you? Aye, cos that's why it wasn't believable. Dickweed. What's going on? Why have we stopped? My punt purse is in the bucking suitcase. Punts are such a pain in the arse. Why can't they just use sterling? Well, they did for a while, Sarah, but then, you know, partition happened. Holy God! Jesus Christ. - Did you not put him in there, Aunt Mary? - No, no, I did not. All right, how's it going? Not too bad, not too bad. And yourself? - I'm sorry, who are you? - Ah, Emmett's the name. Well, not my real name, like, but it'll have to do. - Anyway, I'll not be keeping you. - No, hold on. Wait. - Yeah? - Do you mind telling us what you're doing in there? - Oh, right. Well, during the last 24 hours, crossing the border has become somewhat of a priority for me, so I did a bit of asking around, you know, just on the off chance someone might be heading down that way, and your name came up. - And... there you have it. - Fantastic. All right? Lovely to meet you. ♪ We need a holida-ay! ♪ - I'm in shock. - It's insane! - I don't even think I fancy him. - What? Well, it's obviously him, it's obviously my husband. Like, it's just too much of a coincidence. Do you remember the whole "us being in grave danger" thing Sarah mentioned? Well, I think... I think this might be it! I thought you said fortune telling was Medieval. Yeah, well, something has made me reassess all that. What was it again? Oh, aye... - The fact that there's an actual Provo in the boot of our car! - NO! I've lost my bookmark! Now I've lost my page! Oh, my God, this day just goes from bad to worse! A bit of perspective maybe, Clare? I could coolly fancy him, I suppose. Why doesn't someone just call the police? Cos that's not how things work around here, James. Well, how do things work here? How do they work? Will one of you please explain it to me, because sometimes I feel like I've gone through the fucking looking glass! - Calm down, James. - Aye, don't be such a dick, James. Was there something else, or...? Yes, there was something else, actually. Look, I'm sure you have questions. I just don't really want to get into it all. Well, we didn't really want you to get into our boot, but... Maybe just leave the fella be. Sure, what's the odds? And what if they pull us over at the checkpoint, Joe? What if the army asks to search the car? The Brits are flat out with thon parade! - They'll not bother with the likes of us. - That's a good point. - Stay out of it, you! - Right, in you go, son. - Ah, Da! Well, what do you want me to do? Chuck the wee'un out in the middle of nowhere? But this is dangerous, Joe! He is dangerous! Er, I'm not dangerous. In fairness, Emmett, if you were dangerous you wouldn't say that you were dangerous, would ya? True. Shh! - Can you hear that? - Hear what? Come on, Emmett, out you go. Ah-ah! You just stay where you are, son. Ticking. It's... It's like a ticking sound! I'm not comfortable driving him across the border. Fine... I'll drive him. Oh, dear God! We're all involved in this, Da. We'll decide what to do as a family. Bomb! He has a bomb! Listen, Mammy! Listen! Och, Erin, that's just the big clock. It's aiding and abetting! We're talking serious jail time here. - Well, it's a risk we have to take. - No, it's not, Joe! It's not a risk we have to take -- it's a risk we shouldn't take! Don't you take that tone with me, boy. He seems like a nice enough fella, Gerry. We have to walk away from this. What if we can't walk away, Daddy? What if we don't help him and he kills us all because we know too much? I like him. I think he's a character. - Well? - Just a cup of tea for me, please, love. - Same here. - And here, thanks, love. - Oh, and some Cokes for the wee'uns, please. - What do you fancy, Sarah? - I wouldn't mind a wee vodka. Make that two. We don't sell alcohol. - I'll take a tea. - Any food? We're just looking. Fine. Yeah, and at 2.25 a burger, looking is all we'll be doing! Don't mind me, just grabbing a knife. - Take it you haven't decided yet? - Just leave it with me, son. Aye, no pressure. Sure, I'll be over here if you need me. - What the hell does he need a knife for? - He's eating his lunch. God, but he has great teeth, doesn't he? He really does, but tell the truth... The hair -- can you see a ginger tinge? Now that you mention it... So Christ only knows what's lurking downstairs -- and that is a concern. But spending the rest of your life with a fugitive is less of a concern? Absolutely. Hey. All right? - I think you know who I am. - Yeah. - You sense it? No, I mean, I remember -- you're with them. Look, I just wanted to say, - while there's obviously something between us... - There is? - .. the physical thing isn't really working for me yet. - Right. I'm not saying you won't grow on me, you're not a bad looking lad. - Thank you. - But the ginger element... - Well, I've sort of got a borderline phobia. - I'm not ginger. There's a tinge of it. And while I can't say it won't be a struggle, I'm willing to try. Great. - Even though it sort of turns my stomach. - OK. You really think this'll work? That they'll tell us what to do? Sure, it's worth a try. - Would you look at that. - Well, what do they say? - I think... Now, I can't be certain, but I think they're saying you should leave Gerry. I could have told you that years ago and I'm not psychic! OK, look, I've yet to hear anybody say anything to convince me that bringing that lad across the border with us is a good idea. Shit, he's coming! - I really didn't want to have to do this... - Jesus Christ! - Get down! Everybody get down! - Is there something wrong with her? Stop that, Erin. Sorry, Emmett, you were saying? I didn't want to put you in this position, - but I can't stress the seriousness of my situation. - Anything else? - Oh, d'you know what? I wouldn't mind a knickerbocker glory. - Right... - You need to help me out here. - We do that and we're breaking the law. Oh, you recognise the legal system of a brutal imperialistic oppressor, do ya? If they can put me in jail for 20 years then yes, Emmett, yes, I do! - Listen, have you killed anyone, son? - No. - Well, at least not directly. - Well, there you go. So that settles it. I don't think that does settle it, actually, Joe! You know what's wrong with you, Gerry -- you're an awful wuss. - I'm not a wuss! - You're afraid of your own shadow. - I'm not! Well, then, grow a set of balls and help the fella out! I have a set of balls, thank you very much! - Oh, seriously, Daddy. - You're even afraid of that wee girl. - What wee girl? - That waitress! You wanted a cup of tea, she brought you a Coke, and you just sat there and said sweet Fanny Adams! Your grandad said fanny. But that's because I like Coke! - Her customer service is shocking as well. - Aye, desperate. - Someone should say something. - Ah, Gerry! Gerry should say something! I will! No problem! I'll say something. Excuse me. Excuse me, please. What? Erm, I just wanted to say that, er, I, erm... I ordered a tea, you brought me a Coke, and that's not acceptable. - But you drank the Coke. - That's not the point. And your service has been nothing short of appalling, your attitude is worse. - It's simply not good enough! - I'll, er... - I'll bring you a tea. - You do that! I'm sorry! I got a bit of bad news today. I haven't really been able to focus. I've been a bit distracted maybe. - I'm sorry. I'll just take this... - No, no, ignore all that. I'll bring you your tea right away, sir. Well, there was absolutely no need for that. - Jesus, Gerry! - Harsh. - Awful. - Poor girl. - Aye, I can't believe you did that, Daddy. I... You asked me to! How could I have known...? Will you all just stop looking at me? Fine... Fine. D'you know what? Fine! I've had it with the lot of ye! And just for the record, back there, I was being an Australian tourist, OK? Australian! And I happen to think that my accent was flawless! Excuse me, mate! Can you help us get outta here? Flawless! OK... We have to decide what to do here, one way or another. Let's just vote. Leave him! I vote we run away and leave him. I vote we take him for better or worse and all that. - I vote we take him. - Me too. - I can't decide. I've decided -- but I'm afraid to say what I've decided. Why don't we just toss a coin? Interesting. So, heads, the wee 'Ra man comes with us. Tails, we leave him. - Aye, ready? - Go on, then. - What is that? A fish? - A dolphin, is it? It sort of looks like Moby Dick, actually. - Ah, shite, I used a punt, didn't I? - What's on the other side? - A harp. - So harp must be the head and fish must be the tail? Oh, well, that makes sense, yeah, because fish have tails. Why don't we just do it again with real money? - This is real money, Sarah. - You know what I mean -- normal money. - All right. Who has 10 pence? - It was him! The mural on our house, the spray paint... It was Emmett. I can prove it. Sly wee bastard. You bloody tout! Where is Emmett? There he is. Is that Jim's tent? What's he doing? I told you to look after that tent. No, you didn't, you told him to look after it! Ah, blame the wee'un! Big man! Jesus... Jim's second best tent. How am I going to break it to him? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 