Bakers vs. Fakers: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bakers vs. Fakers 
 s1e2 - Brownie Points - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bakers vs. Fakers (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Brownie Points - full transcript 
 Host Buddy Valastro joins judges Lorraine Pascale and Zac Young; classic brownies must be combined with aromatic ginger; crackers must be used in desserts. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Patsy, from San Diego, and I'm a professional baker. I'm Kisha, from Upper Marlboro, Maryland, and I am a professional baker. I'm Dan, from Winston, Connecticut. I am a professional baker. I'm Matt, from New York City, and I'm a professional baker. Hang on! The fun is about to begin. Four bakers are here to do battle. Golden-brown delicious. Two are amazing amateurs. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Do I look like I need help? Hey, have you got an Easy-Bake Oven down there? And two are professionals. Lovely. Out of this world. But only they know their true identities. Their mission? Just winnin' a bunch of money. Outbake the competition. If a professional baker wins, they take home $10,000. That sounds fancy. But if an amateur is able to fake out the judges... I didn't wanna stop eating it. You're a baker. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And take down the pros, - Pssh! Pssh! they walk away with 15 grand! - Wow! - [Gasp] Bada-bing, bada-boom. Are you a baker or a faker? - I... - Am... A... [ Suspenseful music climbs ] - What?! - Whoa-oa-oa! - What?! - You are good! You totally had me fooled. Welcome to "Bakers vs. Fakers." Thanks for havin' us. Thank you. Well, here are the rules. We're gonna have two rounds of competition and we're hiding your identities so our judges will be completely unbiased. So in the first round, you guys will be baking... brownies. - Mmm. - Okay. - Okay. Right on. Ask anyone and they will tell you I make the best brownies in the state. I could do it in my sleep. Anyone can make a delicious brownie, but, it takes a real pro to make a first-class brownie using... ginger! - Whoo! - Wow. Ginger is a very overpowering ingredient. That's got me a little nervous. We have fresh ginger, of course; ground ginger, candied ginger, ginger syrup; and, of course, my favorite, ginger beer. All I need is a bottle of rum and we can make a dark and stormy. Put 45 minutes on the clock. [ Suspenseful music plays ] Get bakin'! So what do you guys think, brownies with ginger, huh? I love ginger. It's one of my favorite ingredients. I do, too. The ginger should be the star, - Sure. - but a real pro would be wanting to enhance the flavor, to bring out the spiciness of the ginger. I think a baker would pick the ground ginger. - Okay. - Easy to incorporate. It gives a nice flavor note. I think a faker might go for the fresh ginger. Can be stringy if you don't know what to do with it. What's a brownie to you? A brownie is a texturally complex item, right? - Yep. - You have crispy edges, crispy top, and gooey center. I think it'll be interesting to see what other things that a baker would add, along with 70-percent chocolate to make it different to other people's and give brownies the edge. Hey, has anybody ever called you Reddy Crocker? - Reddy Crocker? No. - [Chuckle] When people first meet me, they see the tattoos, they see the biker look, and they think I'm a tough guy. Come on. When they get to know me, they realize I'm a very caring person. Need a hand down there? My baking style is oldschool. I learned how to bake by watching my mom and it's because of her that I love making sweet treats. Brownies, brownies. I'm making a gingerbread brownie with ginger-infused hot chocolate, with whipped cream on top because the holidays are my favorite time of the year and I love being able to spend it with my family. So this dish represents my love of the holidays and being with my family. All right. I'm using powdered ginger because ginger can be a very good ingredient but you have to know how to work with it. You put big chunks of anything in there and it's not gonna taste good at all. I got this. Dan has the right idea. The ginger powder is going to incorporate into the batter better than the candied ginger and enhance the inherent spiciness that you can find in chocolates. - Yep. - Total baker move. After the chocolate and the butter's melted down, little by little, I'm gonna add all the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients, mix it together, and put it in the pan. I'm making the brownies on the thin side so that I have enough time to cook 'em. There we go. LORRAINE: Look at what Dan's doing. He's making the brownie thin. In a timed competition, it's gonna cook faster. - DAN: Yeah. LORRAINE: But if he's not careful, he's gonna totally overcook his brownie. Total faker move. Why would you do that? We're gettin' there. - I'm usin' a lotta ginger. - All of it? - I left a little for you guys. - [Laughs] I have more experience in my little finger than any of these guys. Are you gonna be nice when you lose? I'm gonna be very nice when I win. [ Laughs ] Ready to rock 'n' roll, here. Today, I'm baking death-by-chocolate brownies with a ginger crème anglaise. Line these babies up. I would describe my baking style as American classic with a refined twist. You're not havin' fun unless you make a mess. That wouldn't fly in my kitchen. I started baking when I was about 7. My mom wasn't much of a cook or a baker. So I read every magazine, every book that I could find to teach myself. Butter. First thing I need to do is my brownie batter. So I melt my chocolate. All right. These are death-by-chocolate brownies, so I want it to be as decadent as it possibly can be. I've gonna have a 3-pound chocolate brownie. So now, I'm adding espresso powder to my batter because it's going to really enhance the chocolate. Kick it up a notch. If you're a real baker, you will put in the smallest amount of coffee powder to give the chocolate an extra kick and you won't actually taste the coffee. It's just there to enhance the chocolate. Definitely a baker move, there. PATSY: Just about there. I'm going to fold in small pieces of candied ginger at the very end to get the biggest punch. I don't know. Patsy's just throwing the candied ginger on top of the batter. For me, that's not really a pro move. A pro would, maybe, infuse it more. PATSY: Gotta get this in the oven. KISHA: I'm workin'. I'm workin'. What're you doin'? My style of baking is a little daring, just like myself. I'm doing flourless. That's an amateur move! We'll see about that. [ Laughs ] So today, I'm gonna do something that nobody else is doing. I'm making a flourless, ginger-chocolate brownie with a ginger-lime cream. There we go. I used to love making brownies with my family when I was younger. You can actually do brownies without flour. And I'm kinda going for something that's gooey in the middle. So I don't really feel that it really needs it. Lookin' pretty good on that. So the recipe calls for 8 ounces of chocolate. I'm not gonna get that rich chocolate flavor that I'm looking for until I add in my cocoa powder. So looks like Kisha has two different types of chocolate going on there. You know, a pro knows the flavor profile of different percentages of chocolate and is going to use it to their advantage. KISHA: Let those sit. LORRAINE: Kisha has used this pie pan. I mean, only a faker would do that. I don't think it's gonna have enough time to bake. I think it's gonna resemble more of a lava cake than a brownie. I finally put these brownies in the oven. Mine's in the oven. Is yours? - It's goin'. It's goin'. - [Laughs] I'm usin' some candied ginger, some ginger syrup. I might just grab a ginger beer for myself. Nice. I'm a quirky, fun kind of a guy, and I don't wanna do a traditional brownie, so I'm baking a candied-ginger blondie and I'm gonna top it off with brown-butter peaches and a bourbon cream. - So, Matt. - Yeah? No chocolate in your brownie? I mean, what's up with that? Who says there has to be chocolate in a brownie? I grew up in St. Louis, but I moved to New York City to pursue my career in acting. I know y'all don't hear music, but I hear music in my head. I love taking classic recipes and trying to find a new way to twist it around and make it more interesting. [ Scat singing ] Dance break. [ Laughs ] So the first thing is I start the blondie batter. I get my melted butter and brown sugar and a little bit of the candied ginger into the bowl. Let's just get this in here. We gotta get this in the oven, fast! I really like using candied ginger to give it a nice flavor and some texture. This ginger's sticky. Then, I incorporate everything together and put my blondies in the oven. Show me the love, blondies. News flash, guys: Matt is making a blondie, not a brownie. So no chocolate, whatsoever. No chocolate. A faker is someone who makes a blondie in a brownie competition. Maybe they're just a rebel baker. What does he have against blondes? Ohhhh. Whoo! [Clatter] - Waah! LORRAINE: Uh-oh! PATSY: Now, it's a competition. Are you a baker or a faker? - I... - Am... [Suspenseful music climbs] A... - What?! - Whoa-oa-oa! What?! Are you serious? Everybody's freakin' out! I'm not doin' chocolate! Now that my blondie batter is in the oven, I'm gonna get started on my peaches and cream. Some butter browning over here. I wanna brown the butter just to add another layer of flavor to the peaches. How you doin', peaches? Whoo! LORRAINE: Oh, look at what Matt's doing with the peaches, brown butter. And I think that's a real baker move. It just gives another element of caramelization, a warmth. Look at that. Look at that. Pro. DAN: We're gettin' there. Nice little gingerbread- chocolate crust goin'. Now that the brownies are in the oven cookin' away, I'm going to make a ginger-infused hot chocolate to pair up with the brownies. My mom loves hot chocolate. This is for her. Perfect. First thing I do is slowly add shaved-up chocolate and the powdered ginger, a little bit at a time, into the heavy cream so that it can melt and incorporate together. That tastes really good; nice and chocolatey, nice and creamy. I mean, look at what a pro move Dan just did, layer in layers of chocolate and ginger throughout his dish, and hot cocoa, to boot. He took it to the next level. He's delivering a beverage, too. That's a baker move. DAN: I need a little bit of somethin', now. All right. Let's see. What's hot chocolate without homemade whipped cream? Oh, yeah, ginger-infused whipped cream. I threw some heavy cream, ginger, and cinnamon inside a siphon charger. That's better. Next thing I'm gonna do is take the brownies out of the oven. All right. Let's see what we have. And I notice they didn't rise very much. Ugh. Come on. LORRAINE: Dan's brownie's looking interesting. He just pulled it out of the oven. It looked very flat. It's about 1/3 inches thick. I don't know. It could still be delicious. DAN: I'm still confident I'm gonna win this round. Everything looks and tastes great. That is per-fect. PATSY: Lookin' good. So now that the brownie is in the oven, I'm making my crème anglaise, which is a custard sauce. It's going to really complement the flavors of the brownie. Gettin' it all ready. I think the thing that's gonna help me win this competition is that I am all about flavor. My son is my greatest cheerleader. He tells everyone I'm the flavor designer. And I want my brownies to wow the judges. So I need to heat the cream and grate some fresh ginger right into the crème anglaise, to add a bitterness. Beautiful. Patsy's using the anglaise to decorate the plate. I think a baker might be a little more thoughtful, you know? I wanna taste everything. So I would take the anglaise and pour it over the final product. PATSY: Now, it's a competition. KISHA: Lookin' good. Nice and thick. Once I put these brownies in the oven, I start my ginger-lime cream. I'm already whipping cream over here. Lime and ginger go great together. So I'm adding three types of ginger: fresh ginger, ginger powder, and the ginger syrup. I'm really gonna spice it up. Crank that up a little bit. I squeeze in fresh lime juice, get that cream whipped real well. Definitely want that rich thickness, just like my mom would do it. My passion from baking comes from being in the kitchen with my entire family. So it would definitely mean a lot for me to win for them. That looks good. So Kisha flavoring the whipped cream: total pro. Nice tropical spin, and the lime is gonna bring out the acidity of the chocolate. It tastes good. [laughs] The last thing I need to get done is my bourbon whipped cream. Let me put a little bit of bourbon in there. I really like using bourbon in place of an extract, like vanilla or almond, because you get a lotta flavor and it adds a whole other component to the dish. I think this could be a little boozy. A little for the batter and a little for me. Mmm. Time is ticking. I finally pull the blondies out. That looks clean to me! I feel really confident. I think I've made a delicious dish and I'm here to win. Yeah. I think that's lookin' pretty good. A few years ago, I started a business, so if I win this money, it could really help me bring my business to the next level. Pickin' out the good ones. They're all good, of course. 2 minutes left! So who are the two bakers? I'm gonna go with Dan as baker. Dan has his hot chocolate with the ginger powder. It's a really well-thought-out dessert. My other baker is Kisha. She's doing the whipped cream with the ginger and the lime, which is genius. I'm gonna go for Matt. He's so bold, so brave, to give us a blondie. The flavor combination is great: peaches and ginger, yum, delicious. And then, I'm also gonna go for Patsy. I mean, she gave us an anglaise, which is a baker move. So Patsy is my number-2 baker. KISHA: See where we're at. So I cut into my brownies. They're not done in the center. Didn't cook all the way through. But, I have to put something on this plate. Well, we're gonna change this into a pudding. So I'm thinkin' maybe I can pass this off as a pudding 'cause I know the flavors are good. Tastes good. 10 seconds! [Suspenseful music climbs] 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1! Stop your work! Whew! I tried to come out of the box and do something fun. I'm afraid that maybe I got that all wrong and I hope that I'm not goin' home. So, bakers and fakers, I gave you 45 minutes to create brownies using ginger. Now, it's time for you to face the judges. Remember, the losing brownie is goin' bye-bye. So, Dan. - Today, I've made gingerbread brownies with ginger-infused hot chocolate, and whipped cream with cinnamon on top. It's great to have kind of multiple elements to showcase the ginger. It was in the gingerbread brownie. It was also in the hot chocolate. The hot chocolate itself was rich and creamy and delightful. I wish it were snowing right now. [ Laughter ] Awesome. The miss for me here was in the whipped cream. Using the whipped-cream charger, it can so easily bust up and that's what happened to the whipped cream here. It was kind of thick, and not in a good way. This is a really well-balanced gingerbread brownie. Powdered ginger, it can be overpowering. But I think you've used a good balance of the powdered ginger in this. But because you did them so thin, they're overbaked, so they're more like a gingerbread cookie. I wish you'd taken it out of the oven a little bit sooner. - Patsy. - What I made today was death-by-chocolate brownies with candied ginger and a ginger crème anglaise. I know you put some espresso in the brownie, to kick up the chocolate. It's great; very chocolatey. I'm getting a little bit of ginger coming through. But your crème anglaise has not really worked out. I can't get enough to taste it because the chocolate's all over the top. So it might be beautiful, but I don't know, 'cause I can't get enough. This is what brownies dream of being when they grow up. The chocolate bits and candied ginger caramelized in the oven so you get this nice, crunchy texture. Yay! My problem with this is I don't get that much ginger in the brownie batter because it's so chocolatey. - Matt. - Well, today, I made a ginger blondie topped with brown-butter peaches and a bourbon cream. Bourbon whipped cream, I mean, really sold me. It had so much body. It has a great mouthfeel. But does a blondie count as a brownie? What I'm missing is the chocolate. And you could've used white chocolate or milk chocolate or something, just to give the little wink-wink to the brownie. I really love the texture of your blondie. It's gooey in the middle. It's crunchy on the outside. I get the flavor combinations. The brown butter and the peaches? Great. But I'm just not really getting much ginger. And the main thing is I wish you'd given us a brownie because it's a bit risky to make something that we haven't actually asked for. Kisha, what did you make for us? So I made a flourless, ginger-chocolate brownie with a ginger-lime cream. It's beautiful, rich, chocolatey, and it's delicious. But is this the consistency you were after? No, it wasn't. I don't mind the fact that you haven't used flour, but it's not cooked. The whipped cream? Phenomenal. I get a lot of ginger and a great contrast to the richness of the chocolate... pudding. Now, my problem with this is it didn't get baked. All right. Well, thank you, Kisha. And thank you, all. But now comes the hard part. The judges have a decision to make. So please give us a moment to deliberate. My brownies, they're not done in the center. But Matt made a blondie, which is not a brownie. All I could do is hope and pray that I get to that next round. [ Suspenseful music plays ] [ Clunk ] So, bakers and fakers, I gave you 45 minutes to make brownies using ginger. Now, it's time to learn who won the round, who's going home, and that person's true identity. Lorraine! The winner of this round is... [ Suspenseful music climbs ] Patsy. [Cheering] Oh, my god! I can't believe that I won the first round. [ Laughs ] I am givin' them a run for their money. Your brownie tasted sublime. I just love the contrast of the crunch on the outside and that gooey on the inside. It was de-licious. Thank you so much. Great job, Patsy. You're safe. Our second-favorite brownies were made by... [ Suspenseful music plays ] Dan. - All right! Hey-ey-ey. [Applause] I knew you were going to make it. I knew you were gonna make it. - Okay, judges. We are down to the bottom two brownies. Lorraine. The person moving on to the next round [Suspenseful music plays] is... Matt. - Good job. - Thank you. Thank you. Skin of your teeth. [Whimsical tune plays] Kisha, although what you served us was delicious, it was not cooked. Had you cooked that the whole way through, Matt would've been out the door [Clong!] 'cause Matt doesn't listen to instructions. Right. [laughs] Unfortunately, Kisha, that means you're eliminated. But, before you go, please tell us: are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... faker! [Laughter] Ohhh! Wow-ow. You totally had me fooled. So, Kisha, what do you do for a livin'? I am actually an office manager at a doctor's office. How do you like that?! I actually work in downtown DC. I do insurance, file charts, help the doctor. - Busy morning? - Yeah, it is. - All right. - You name it, I do it. But I definitely would rather be baking. When it comes to baking, I love that you can put a dish together and it just brings everybody together. It gives everybody a warm feeling. Oh, my, whoo! They look lovely. Who doesn't love dessert? Thank you so much, Kisha. - Thank you. - We appreciate it. Great job. Hello, again, bakers and... faker. 'Cause I know there's one faker left, right? We're gonna find out shortly because, in this round, you guys got the freedom to make whatever you want! - Yay-ay! - [clap-clap] Yes! - But... - Yeah. There's always a but. But there's one thing you gotta incorporate into your baked dessert. Ready. Crackers! PATSY: What? - DAN: Okay. - Crackers? - I can work that out. Let me show you what we got here. We have wheat crackers. We got water crackers, cheese crackers!, animal crackers, - Rrr! and, of course, butter crackers. I think I already know what I wanna do. A good dessert definitely needs a little bit of salt. So I'll figure out a way to make this work. BUDDY: All right, 45 minutes on the clock. You guys ready?! - Ready. Let's bake! ZAC: Go! So what do you think? Crackers in your favorite dessert. Whew! Well, I think there's a lot they can make with crackers. The bakers are gonna be really imaginative with what they do with the crackers. The faker is gonna take them and use them as a crust. Listen, a baker, I think, would make a nice crust with the cracker and then, bake a pie or something in it, like a key-lime pie or a lemon pie or a banana cream pie. Zac's gonna fall asleep over here, listenin' to that. [ Laughs ] - Are you havin' fun? - I'm havin' fun. Awesome. Goin' into Round 2, I'm gonna do things oldschool. There we go. I'm gonna make a cake like my mom would make during the holidays. Very nice. So I'm making a chocolate cake with an animal-cracker/ white-chocolate ganache and fresh fruit for the top. Oh, nice, I like that. I'm adding 70-, 80-percent cocoa chocolate to my cake batter Lookin' good so far. because I think it gives a bold flavor to the cake. Makin' sure everything's incorporated, all the dry ingredients are off the sides. You know, Dan is really throwing me off right now 'cause he is way overmixing that batter. When you overmix the batter, you work the gluten and the flour too much and it will become so tough. There we have it. Well, but the thing is he's been workin' like a baker all day! - Yeah, but that's - I can't believe it. such a basic mistake. DAN: So far, it looks pretty good. Right now, I'm feelin' pretty good. I've got everything ready to roll and, winning this competition, for me, would give me extra money I could use to help my wife and I get a house. Perfect. I'm here to win today. I would love to bring a win back with me to my family. Awesome! Gotta get this in fast! This has gotta go fast, today; fast, fast, fast. After the blondie/brownie debacle, I have to deliver. So I'm gonna make my childhood favorite, which is gooey butter cake. I think the easiest way to describe it is that it's two layers that get baked together. I'm gonna mix it up with another childhood favorite, which is the cheese crackers and peanut butter. Lotta sugar over here. But, you know, it is dessert, right? Gooey butter cake is made with two batters before it goes in the oven, so I've got twice as much work to do before I can get these things cookin'. Got no time to waste. The first batter is the cake batter. That's where you're doing your traditional cake elements. The other batter is a cream-cheese, custard-like frosting that gets poured on top of the other batter. So I add peanut butter to both the batter and the topping so that I make sure I've got peanut butter throughout the entire cake. Just gonna eyeball that. I'm gonna get both of the mixers goin' at the same time. All right. Gonna get that guy goin'. Now, Matt is going. He's got the two machines going. To me, that says baker because he has the ability to multitask. Or a really good faker. I think he's trying to overcompensate for the lack of "being a baker." [Suspenseful music plays] Two mixers goin', it looks like you're in a big hurry. Hey, calm down. Okay? Just calm down. Let me worry about my dessert. So I get my cake batter into my molds and I wanna crush up some of the cheese crackers. A cheese cracker definitely, of all of the crackers on that plate, would probably be most people's last choice, but I love a good challenge. So just gonna crush up the crackers right there over the molds before I pour the topping in, so that the crackers end up kinda sinking into that middle layer of the cake. All right. Done with that. Let me make sure I've got enough flavor happenin' here. [Clatter] Waah! Uh-oh! Calamity in the kitchen. I'm breakin' things over here. Today, I'm making a white-chocolate/ lime-mousse tart. This is a classic key-lime pie with a refined twist. Crumble this up. So I'm going to use the butter cracker and turn it into a crust. Whoo-hoo-hoo. I love to bake for anyone, but baking for my son really brings me the greatest joy. He always encourages me to go for it. I wanna win this contest because my son will be the most proud of me. When I'm baking, everything I bake, they're my kids. These are my kids. Don't mess with my kids. Now, I need to create the mousse. I need to make the lime-curd filling first, which is a custard made with a citrus juice or a fruit juice. My curd. Then, I'm going to fold the melted white chocolate into that curd mixture. Let this melt a little. Then, I'm going to combine all of my ingredients with all of the flavor of these limes. She's really going to town on those limes. You know, a baker would be almost gentle with it to get just that essence of those limes. Yeah. We're not sawing wood. Correct. And with the acid from the limes, that custard could curdle. I have got to check on my crust, make sure that they're done. I'm feelin' pretty good about to be honest key-lime-pie crust. And then, when I started to take them out of their pan, they started to fall apart. Oh, my god. I've made this a million times. And now, when it's super- important, they fall apart. Makin' a mess of the century, here. Look at Patsy's crust. It's completely crumbled. - ZAC: Yeah. Let's see what she does. What's she gonna do? Because that is a mess! PATSY: Ay, ay, ay! I'm so upset. [ Suspenseful music plays ] [ Clunk ] ♪♪♪♪ Oh, my god. I'm really trying not to panic. I have no time to make another crust. I know that they're gonna taste great, but I need to come up with another style of dessert so I could win. Why not a parfait? I'm makin' a a nice little parfait, now. So now, instead of making a tart, I'm now making a butter-cracker crumble/ white-chocolate/lime parfait. LORRAINE: And here we are. Look, look at Patsy. Oh, the glasses are out. She's going parfait. Look at that recovery. I mean, that is outstanding. Professionals know how to roll with the punches. I'm feeling good. I'm just - had to make a little game change. I didn't come here to lose. I'm in it to win it. I got this. I can make this work. DAN: So far, it looks pretty good. Once I got the cake in the oven, next thing I'm gonna to is get working on the ganache. I'm using a block of chocolate instead of little squares. 'Cause I've done this so many times, I don't have to weigh anything out before I use it, especially the white-chocolate brick. The way that Dan is cutting the chocolate, he's kinda shavin' it. That's a real baker move, - BUDDY: Very professional. very professional. The way he's holding his knife. Very professional. DAN: Workin' good, workin' good. Next thing I'm gonna do is get oldschool. When it doubt, use force. I take out a little aggression on those poor animal crackers. That's the baker move. If you've been around a kitchen long enough, you know to pulverize something in a piping bag. Da, da, da, da, da, da, and you're done. All right. Now, that's animal-cracker crumbs. That's something that I would do. Then, I incorporate them into my ganache. They'll add a nice crunch factor. Let's see how the cakes are lookin'. Once I pull the cakes outta the oven, they look great. Look at that. Gotta bang the cakes out. They're a little hot. Knife, I need a knife. I need a knife. For this competition, I put in my all. I used all my cake-baking skills. I'm the best baker here. Perfect. It would be great to take home a win today. I'm feelin' good. Makin' a mess over here. So now, my gooey butter cake's in the oven. I immediately start workin' on the next step. Come on, chocolate. You gonna melt for me? I knew that just adding the cheese crackers to the cake batter wouldn't be enough. Whoo! So I had this other great idea to take the cheese crackers and coat them in chocolate so that there would be another garnish on the dish that would be a fun little snack that you could also play with. Aah! Burning my fingers. I need little pinchers. He's giving like this one-two-three-four punch of sweet and savory and salty. I mean, I just wanna reach in there and take a handful. MATT: Gonna get this ganache goin', here. Well, I'm mixing in the ganache and I see that it's just not really coming together. It should be a little thicker. I'm definitely thinking to myself, "Maybe I bit off a little bit more than I can chew." [ Suspenseful music plays ] This is not happening the way I want it to! So I'm standing over my bowl, looking at my not-so-ganache ganache. Gamechanging move, here. What am I gonna do? And I make a game-time decision to take the rest of the cream cheese I have and toss it in the bowl. Am I gonna do it? Yes, no, yes, no, yes, no, yes. This could just be a total failure. [ Laughter ] I don't know. I like to be dramatic. Maybe, it's the actor in me. 2 minutes left, guys! 2 minutes left! Move it! Move it! There's two bakers and one faker. Lorraine. - The two bakers, for me, are Patsy and Dan. Patsy, because I think she's been cookin' on her feet. I love the look of Patsy's little recovery parfait. And Dan because of his skills. Such a clever use of the animal crackers. He has baker written all of him. - Zac. - Two bakers? Matt, Dan. Dan is taking kind of a more classic approach. You can tell he's been doing this for years. He has what looks like a wonderful chocolate cake. And Matt, the flavor combination's definitely very daring. He's using the cheese crackers, which I couldn't be more excited about. I think that's a real baker move. 10, 9, 8, - Ah! 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, - Aaaaaaaaaaah! 2, 1! Stop your work, guys! [ Suspenseful music plays ] MATT: I'm just physically, completely exhausted. What just happened? [chuckle] I'm feelin' pretty good, but I'm not quite sure if the judges are gonna feel that it's enough. I mean, my heart is racing and I wasn't even cooking. DAN: If I don't win this competition, I'm gonna be disappointed 'cause I came here to win. But compared to my competitors, I think my dish is gonna taste the best. [Suspenseful music plays] Are you a baker or a faker? - I... - Am... A... - Ah. I knew it! - BUDDY: Oh, no way! I don't believe it! Bakers and faker, I gave you 45 minutes to bake an awesome dessert incorporating at least one kind of cracker. Okay, Matt. - I plated a gooey peanut-butter cake over a chocolate ganache with chocolate-cheddar crisps. I mean, it's weird. But it's delicious! - [Laughs] You know, the gooey butter cake is phenomenal and those little flecks of cheddar crackers in there give it a nice saltiness and crunch. My one issue with this is I'm struggling to find the peanut butter. And also, when you go to eat it, it's hard to get one bite of everything. The crackers are off to the side. Everything's kinda compartmentalized, If you tightened up the presentation, not only would it look better, it would taste better. So, Lorraine, what do you think? Well, I love this whipped ganache mousse. It's absolutely delicious. It's chocolatey and it's smooth. It was daring to use the cheese crackers. It's not what I would've gone for. But surprisingly, it goes really well with the other components of the dish. - Thank you. - I saw the way that you put your crackers in the center of the batter. Unfortunately, I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I think they must've dissolved. I'm not really getting anything, even any flavor or any crunch. And I love the idea of your chocolate-covered crackers. But they're just way too salty. Patsy! I made a white-chocolate/ lime-mousse parfait. I used the butter crackers as the crumble. Um... it's delicious. - [Laughs] It's light, fluffy, and the parfait is absolutely delicious. There's the lime coming through. It's not overpowering. And the fact that you thought on your feet is great. Within a second, you rethought it, which is amazing. Some might say that using the crackers in this way is a lazy way of doing it and that you haven't really thought things through as far as being slightly more imaginative. - What?! - But you know what? You've given us something that's standalone absolutely delicious. Oh, thank you. I love the last-minute presentation; great. When all else fails, put it in a glass. But I would've liked if you had done more layers in the parfait. That way, you kind of got one bite of everything. Instead, I had to dig through the mousse to get to the crumble on the bottom. Okay. So, Dan. Today, I've made a dark-chocolate cake with a animal-cracker/ white-chocolate ganache and fresh berries for the top. First of all, the presentation on this is phenomenal. I mean, this is something that I'd pay $16 for in a restaurant. And the animal-cracker/ white-chocolate ganache is like the milk that's left after you eat a bowl of cereal. It's delicious. It throws me way back to childhood. I mean, this is such a nostalgic dessert. Like I'm really like having issues processing it. [ Laughter ] I need to call my therapist. [Laughter] The one suggestion I have is in the chocolate cake. It wasn't chocolatey enough. Lorraine? So this white-chocolate ganache is absolutely delicious; really good texture, smooth, great flavor. The chocolate cake looks beautiful. But this is my one disappointment with your dish: the chocolate cake is kind of like springy. You know? It's not spongy. It's springy, almost a bit rubbery. But it's such a shame because all the other components of this dish are so well-executed. Well, Dan, great job. Actually, great job to all three of you. I'm sure this is gonna be a very hard decision for the judges. But now, it's time to deliberate a little bit. So give us a moment. Losing right now would not be the best feeling. I would be really disappointed. I'm totally gonna get points for thinkin' outside the box and being creative. For me to win this competition would be everything for me. And I could use that money, for sure. Thank you, my dear. Bakers and faker, in this envelope is the name of the winner. But before I reveal who that is, I think it's only fair for you guys to reveal who you are to us. This is my favorite part because I am on a roller coaster, here, man. [ Laughter ] Usually, I know, but I don't know! Matt, please, tell us who you are. [Suspenseful music climbs] I... am... a... ♪♪♪♪ [ Clunk ] Matt, are you a baker or a faker? [Suspenseful music climbs] I... am... a... baker. - Ah! I knew it! - Oh, no way! He's a baker! I'm a baker. I moved to New York City to follow all of my creative ideas. And little did I know that baking would be where I would hit it big. Now, it's time to party. My hometown, St. Louis, is known for gooey butter cake. When I moved to New York and I realized that nobody else had ever heard of it, that was where the idea for Gooey & Company was born. I make all of our gooey butter cakes from scratch in bite sizes and ship 'em nationwide. The best part is when someone takes a bite and I just see them giggle a little bit, or laugh, Thank you. Because I know that they're enjoying it and they're laughing because there just really isn't a better way to describe it. It's my goal to share my childhood favorite with the rest of the world. Matt, you did a great job. - Thank you. Dan, are you a baker or a faker? [Suspenseful music climbs] Judges, I am a... faker. - What?! - Whoa-oa-oa! - What?! - You are good! BUDDY: Whoa-oa! - Thank you. Are you serious? I said you were a baker - I give up. From the beginning, we thought you were a baker. You have all the pro tricks, though. What do you do for a livin'? I am a case manager for the judicial system. And when do you find time to bake? Sometime between that and graduate school. [Laughter] BUDDY: Wow. Come on in. I work with people from all walks of life. As a case manager, my job is to find out what types of problems they're running into in life and help them get whatever they need. I love being able to go into work every day and do something positive for the community. So as we talked about before, I mentioned we have some options. I love my job. But baking is something fun to do. It's a way to relax. For now, I'm gonna continue doing what I do for work because I love every minute of it. But I'm still gonna bake on the side, too. - I'm shocked. - I'm shocked, too. I'm shocked. Well... [Laughter] Well, Patsy. - Guess what. I guess I know what that makes you. But, for the record, Patsy, are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a baker. ALL: Yay! Good job. I'm a baker: Chef Patsyb. I teach in a variety of local venues and I also teach in my home. My name is Patsy Bentivegna and I'm gonna be teaching you how to make some Christmas cookies. I wanna help people advance their culinary skill set, whether it's for in the home or it would be for their career. Go all the way around, first. I have spent my entire career working in the culinary industry and now, all I wanna do is use that knowledge to give back. Are you gonna finish that? [Laughter] All right, guys. So now that we know who you are, I think it's only fair that I tell you who the winner is. If Matt or Patsy win, you guys will leave here with $10,000. Praying. Dan, if you are the winner, you take home 15 grand. Nice. All right. You guys ready? The winner is... [ Suspenseful music climbs ] Patsy! - Oh, my god! - Yay-ay-ay! - Oh, my god! - Good job. Good job. - BUDDY: Congratulations. PATSY: I'm feeling really emotional. After 30 years of being a chef, I got to do this, and win. Oh, my god. I can't believe this. - Yes! You were great in the kitchen. I mean, you were all great in the kitchen. But the way you rescued that parfait, the way you just so quickly turned it from option A into a very presentable and very successful option B was brilliant. All of you did an amazing job. We were blown away. But, Patsy, you edged 'em out by a cracker. A butter cracker. [Laughter] BUDDY: Patsy, congratulations. - LORRAINE: Ohhh! Nice work. - We're so, so proud of ya. - MATT: Thank you. ♪♪♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 