Bakers vs. Fakers: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bakers vs. Fakers 
 s1e7 - Doughnut Dilemma - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bakers vs. Fakers (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Doughnut Dilemma - full transcript 
 Doughnuts must be paired with potato chips; host Buddy Valastro and Damiano Carrara and Zac Young judge desserts made with yogurt. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Molly from Marblehead, Massachusetts, and I am a professional baker. I'm Keri from Middletown, Connecticut, and I am a professional baker. I'm Harold from Los Angeles, California, and I am a professional baker. I'm Cassie from Northridge, California, and I am a professional baker. Hang on! The fun is about to begin. Four bakers are here to do battle. Golden-brown delicious. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Two are amazing amateurs. Do I look like I need help? Hey, have you got an Easy-Bake Oven down there? And two are professionals. Lovely. Out of this world. But only they know their true identities. Their mission? Just winnin' a bunch of money. Outbake the competition. If a professional baker wins, they take home $10,000. That sounds fancy. But if an amateur is able to fake out the judges... I didn't wanna stop eating it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're a baker. ...and take down the pros... - Pssh! Pssh! ...they walk away with 15 grand! - Wow! - [Gasp] Bada-bing, bada-boom. Are you a baker or a faker? - I... - Am... A... [ Suspenseful music climbs ] - Seriously? - I told you! I told you both! You're amazing. Well, welcome to "Bakers Vs. Fakers" Ooh, yeah. Here are the rules. There are 2 rounds of competition, and we're hiding your identities so that our judges will be completely unbiased. In Round 1, you will be baking... donuts! - All right. - Yay! You go to a bakery, you get a cupcake. Go to a donut shop, you get a donut. What's the matter, Cassie? You don't make donuts? I'm a baker, Buddy, not a donut maker. Bakers don't make donuts. I never met a donut I didn't like. [ Chuckles ] But it takes a real pro to make a first-class donut using... potato chips! - Yay! - Oh! Putting together savory flavors into a sweet dish is something I do well, and potato chips are the perfect vessel to do that. We got classic, kettle, cheddar, maple bacon, and spicy barbecue. I'm going to give you 45 minutes to make amazing donuts using one of these types of potato chips. I am ready. 45 minutes on the clock! Get baking! ♪♪♪♪ Donuts. What do you guys think about donuts? Every baker should be able to make a donut. Anybody who tries a yeast-raised donut in this amount of time, I think, is the baker. DAMIANO: Doing in 45 minutes a donut that would take 2 hours to do it is the most risky thing to do. You would stay away from the yeast-raised. I would stay away from it. I would either go cake donut, or I would go French cruller. You could even do a baked donut and glaze it. You don't bake a donut! I'm just saying, someone might be trying to make a healthier version of a donut. Oh, this guy - He wants to bake a donuts. What's wrong with you? You bake the donut. We fry it. That's right. That's right. What's going to tell the baker from the faker is how they incorporate the potato chips. I want to be able to taste the chip. The faker's going to make the donut that they know to make and crumble some chips on top and call it a day. The baker, you know, will actually take the potato chip and crumble it inside the actual mixture to give some texture to it. I agree. Time to make the donuts. CASSIE: All right! What ingredients? Most donuts require frying, but I'm a leader. I've never been a follower. So I want to make a donut that's going to stand out from the crowd. Okie dokie. In my baking, I like to relate back to happy times in my childhood. My dad used to take me to the donut shop when I was a little girl, and I always picked the maple-glazed donut. I am going to make the butter-maple-pecan baked donut for my dad. There we go. I can't help but gravitate towards the mini bundt pan. I know it's going to look like a mini bundt cake. It's who I am. It's going to make it more fun, more fancy. Chips. I think I'm just going to go with the classic potato chips because the bundt cake donut is taking a huge risk. So I want to stick to what I know. There we go. The bundt goes upside down. So, when I turn my donut bundts out, they're going to have the salty, savory potato crust on the bottom. Cassie is just crumbling those chips on top of her donut batter, but she hasn't done anything else with the chips. That's a faker move. It's definitely a faker's move. About to go in convection. How's everybody doing? Everybody doing good? I'm a talker in general. I talk all the time. Smells delightful in here. What are you making? A apple fritter with a cheddar- and-thyme-crunch topping. Everything else in my donut is pretty sweet. - Okay. - So going with the Granny Smith because I don't want too sweet going in with the apple, as well. And also, with the moisture, there're a little less moisture than some of your other choices, and I don't want that to affect my donut consistency. All right. A donut is basically a fried batter. My fritter is a deep-fried, sweet batter and a topping and a glaze. This is a donut 100%. Our chips are gonna be salt in here. Cheddar makes it better. The savory cheddar chips and the sweet tang of the apple is a perfect combo. I want to make sure my apples are nicely diced. Throughout my childhood, baking was something constant in my life. And my little brother's favorite donut in the world is an apple fritter, so I'm dedicating this donut to him. This is going to be awesome. Come on. Look at Molly. While she was talking to me, and I said, "Oh, Granny Smiths?" And she's like, "Yeah." And she's like, "They're more tart. They're not oversweet." She knows her apples. She could be a teacher, all right. She knows an apple. - She knows her apples. She's got good knife skills. She's the baker, buddy. Guys, I just tasted my batter, and it is on point! Here we go. Here we go. As far as baking style goes, I will say I have no style. There is no style that can confine me. I'm kind of like Bruce Lee. I'm a master. - Harold. - Yes? Do you bake donuts or fry them? You can bake them or fry them, whatever you want to do. Oh. HAROLD: I'm making an orange-glazed, cheddar-chip-filled, whipped-cream-covered donut. The only word that I keep in my vocabulary is winning. I don't even use the opposite word. Winning here today would just validate what I already know, which is that I'm the best. [ Chuckles ] Yeast. Harold has a bowl lined with plastic wrap. He's going yeast. He's going yeast! Yeah, he's going... Harold is a baker. He... He's going yeast. He's not understanding the timing. He's not thinking straight. I'm telling you. When it comes to baking, I never limit myself because the sky is the limit, if you will, and nobody can reach the sky, so that's what I'm going for. Trying to do a yeast donut in 45 minutes is the most risky thing to do. He is playing with fryer. [ Both laughing ] You can hate if like, but I know what I'm doing. In my book, the real donuts are made with yeast. Part of the process is putting yeast in the mixture in order to leaven the dough, which, you know, can take time. I'm almost done. I'm almost done with the hard part. So I placed the donut dough in the oven to get the donuts to rise quicker. Harold is using hot boiling water inside a pan, inside the oven, to create some sort of moisture. It's smart. He's making a proof box. Exactly. That's going to give humidity into the oven, and it makes the dough rise faster. - It is a good move. - He's a baker. Who thinks about a proof box? Who does that? Just need a little quick rise. [ Chuckles ] When I'm in the kitchen, it's organized chaos. Aah, just dropped everything. But, in the end, I pull together to create a beautiful masterpiece. Good to go, good to go. My style of baking is trendy comfort food. So today, I'm going to make a peanut-butter-maple- bacon-crunch donut. Have bacon going. The very first thing I need to do is, get that bacon cooking for my crunchy caramel-bacon topping. Get it going. Keri - look over there. See, she's got bacon. That's an interest choice. Well, maybe she's going to use those maple-bacon chips. But I would have baked it on top of a baking rack so that all the bacon grease would have dripped out. Keri's the faker. KERI: Bacon in the oven. After I get the bacon in the oven, I need to get my donut dough going. By grinding the classic chips super, super fine and mixing it with the flour, it's going to incorporate some potato chip flavor into my donut batter. Putting the flour with the chips and pulverizing them all together, that's a baker move. It makes sense because the potato's a starch. Keri's my baker. Let's see. Me and my family are big donut fans. We're a family of five with a newborn, and my kids have probably sacrificed a little more for my career than needed. Cook, cook, cook, cook, cook! Winning the money would be great. I would love to take my family on a vacation that they deserve. I'm a little worried about potato-chip flour. It might make the donut texture a little too gummy. Oh, no. The chips definitely changed the texture a little bit. But I don't have time to make a new batter. It's this or nothing. Hot behind you, hot behind you. We're frying. Harold definitely looks like he needs help. Are you a baker or a faker? - I... - Am... A... I told you! I told you! ♪♪♪♪ My donut is still raw inside. Not done all the way. Using the chips might have made it a little too sticky. I can do this. I can do this. So now I'm going to add a little extra flour just to give it more structure. Rolling my donuts, getting them in. Oh, look at Keri. She's overworking that and working more flour in. It should be a nice, soft cake dough. Yeah, it's going to be dry. I don't have time to make a new batter. It's this or nothing. So I just hope that this batch comes out great. It's now or never. Trying to get my glaze to come together. Now that my food's in the oven, I have to concentrate on the maple glaze. This glaze is really simple to bake. But the butter's got to be slightly melted so it holds. Otherwise, it will break. Hot behind you, hot behind you. These donuts are looking nice and golden-brown. They're ready to be glazed. And I have to add my signature glitter. Where's my disco dust? - What's disco? - Disco. - Like discotek? - Like discotek. No way. It's an edible glitter dust. Cassie is the baker because of the disco. Normal people don't know disco. Cassie's the cake decorator. She makes cakes. She better decorate that cake to look like a donut. I feel sticky. [ Laughing ] We're just about ready to fry. My fritter batter is ready to fry. But first, I need to get started on my crumble. Anyone else using herbs in theirs? I'm utilizing the cheddar chips and thyme to bring in a savory element. All this beautiful thyme. The herbaceousness of the thyme in the topping works off the salt and the cheddar and the sweetened tang of the apple to create a really complex flavor profile and keep the donut from being too sweet. We're frying! Look at Molly's kitchen. A real baker would have used an ice cream scoop to get the perfect, round fritter. Take an ice cream scoop, dip it in some warm water, roll the fritter so you get, like, a perfect zeppole shape, right? Zeppole? I'm speaking your language. Zeppole. [ Italian accent ] How do you say it in Italian? That is a faker. You don't say it 'cause it's a baker. MOLLY: Oh, yeah. Look at those fritters. Those are looking gorgeous. HAROLD: Those are looking good! I have the donuts rising in the oven, so I'm making the orange glaze. Make it happen. What I like about Harold, he's using a zester in a very fast way. He was rotating the orange as he was going. What he's doing right now, that could be a baker move. Harold definitely looks like he needs help. [ Laughing ] That's what you think. With baking, I grew to love it. As a youngster, I started baking for my sisters. I mean, they were my guinea pigs 'cause at that point, I was making slop. [ Laughs ] But it was the beginning of greatness, if you will. Let's see. Let's see. When I pulled the donuts out of the oven, the donuts are not rising as quickly as I would like. Not ready yet. But I know that there's going to be a certain amount of puff when they get in the oil, so I'm not that concerned. Harold is using a nice, heavy pot with oil and a thermometer as opposed to using the big deep fryer. He's able to have more control over his oil versus the big deep fryer. That is a total baker move. Oil is good. Keri, how are you doing all the way down there? 'Cause these apple donuts are going to come out perfect. No one wants fruit donuts. They want bacon. While I have my donut in a fryer, I'm going to get my caramel going to coat my bacon and maple-bacon potato chips. ♪♪♪♪ And being a kettle chip, it's not going to get soggy when I pour the caramel sugar over top. Perfect. It looks like Keri has chips and sugar. Chip and sugar, there you go. It's going to be a chip-bacon brittle. That's a total - - It's crunch. - Total pro move. - Yep. She's not relying on the natural crispiness of the chip... Yep. ...'cause she knows it'll get soggy. That's right. She's adding that hard crunch caramel. - Yep. - She's got bacon. She's got chip flour. Keri's my baker. Awesome. My donuts look crispy. They look done. I'm keeping my fingers crossed. Hot, so hot. Two minutes left! Come on, come on, come on. Zac, who are your two bakers? Harold, our yeast-raised king over there. He's going to make this work. He's going to pour the glaze over them. That's going to be delicious. And Keri. She has a bacon potato chip brittle. She's kept everything crunchy. Crunchy is good. - Damiano? - 100% Keri. She looks like she has confidence in the kitchen. And look at her donuts - They're beautiful. They're puffed up perfectly. - You see baker? - I think so. The other baker has to be Molly. She's doing those beautiful fritters with apple, with thyme, a little bit of cheddar. Add the potato chip with it, it's just a perfect combination. 10 seconds. Ten... nine... eight... seven... six... - ...five... four... - This is a race. - ...three... two... Come on, guys. BUDDY: ...one! Stop your work! Step away from the donuts! At this point, I don't know if the judges are going to consider it a donut, but I know they're going to taste phenomenal. Bakers and fakers, I gave you 45 minutes to make donuts using potato chips. Now, it's time to face the judges. Harold. I made an orange-glaze cheddar-potato-chip donut with whip cream. ZAC: You know what, Harold. They might not look the best... but they are a really tasty yeast-raised donut. Thank you. It's a little crispy on the outside. It has that fabulous yeast-raised donut chew. You got everything we love about a yeast-raised donut. I'm just missing the chip. I should be tasting cheese, salt. Maybe I would have put the chip in the glaze. Damiano, what do you think? The flavor is really, really good. Using the orange zest within the actual donut, amazing job. It brought it all together. I would have done the exact same thing. But it didn't rise. To me, it's flat. It's not puffed at all. You took a huge risk, but I think the time was against you. True, true. Molly. I made a cinnamon-apple fritter with a cheddar- and-thyme crumble on top. You are really brave using the cheddar potato chip. You gave that beautiful chip crunch, and I love the combination of flavors. The apple goes really well with thyme. It goes really well with the cheddar. I mean, it really works all together. The only thing that I would have done is infuse the thyme in the glaze and do a thyme glaze on top. But overall, I mean, I'm really happy with it. You really took that fritter and took it to the next level. It was soft. It was chewy. It was crispy on the outside. But, really, I could have used more cheddar. Had you taken the fritters, tossed them with the glaze in a bowl with the chips, got them all fully coated and given that to me, I mean, that's it. Cassie. I made a butter-maple-pecan-disco donut. I like that you did a baked donut. I think you were very smart in the way you used the maple with the saltiness from the potato chips. I love that one-two punch that you're bringing. Unfortunately, this looked like a bundt cake, and this is a great cake. However, I'm just struggling with whether or not this is a donut. I love the cake. I mean, it's a really, really good cake and really like the glaze. I think that the combination of flavors that you chose really marriage together. Can you say that in English? - Yeah. - You can? - Yeah, marriage. - "Married." - Married together. So, flavor-wise, you nailed it. But, you know, I don't know about the potato-chip crust on the bottom. I would have lined the whole tin with it. Yeah. Butter and sugar maybe, caramelize it a little bit. Pour it on the bottom, and then you have a beautiful, like, nice wafer crunch. Yeah. Keri. I made a peanut-butter maple-bacon-crunch donut. Blending the chips with the flour to make the dough was so well done. The donut itself tastes like a potato chip. Now, here's the problem. It's really hard to eat. Like, I need a bib or a tarp. I would love if this delicious chippy crumble situation were smaller and totally coating the donut. Finally, you know, somebody that made the donut, meaning that you did the donut. You made a donut. It's hands down a donut. The combination of the flavors that you used was very, very smart. The regular potato chips within the chocolate, within the bacon, works real, real well. But considering the fact that it's already fried and then you adding on top, you know, potato chip, bacon, it's just so heavy. Thank you, Keri, and thank all of you. But now comes the hard part. The judges must deliberate. CASSIE: I made a Cassie donut. It's a donut that nobody else will make. Hopefully, that'll be enough to get me through to the second round. Bakers and fakers, I give you 45 minutes to make donuts using potato chips. You've already faced the judges. Now, it's time to find out who won, who's going home and who that person really is. So Zac. The winner of this round is... Molly. [ Cheering ] Hell yeah, baby. My donuts kicked butt. I'm thrilled. Congratulations. You're safe. Thank you so much. The second-best donut was made by... Keri. Congratulation. All right, judges, we are down to the bakers that made your least favorite donuts. Zac. The person moving on to Round 2 is... Cassie. [ Sighs deeply ] I can't breathe. You barely survived. I know I did. Harold, I think you had a lot of guts making the yeast-raised donut in 45 minutes. - Yes, yes. - But unfortunately, it didn't pan out for you, my friend. Oh, well. And that means you've been eliminated. But, before you go, tell us, are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... faker. - Oh! Seriously? And you decided to make a yeast-raised donut? Yes, yes. Dude, you're amazing! What do you do for a living? I do security at a luxury condominium. Man! My job is a security guard in a luxury condominium. I talk to people, make them feel comfortable and make them feel secure. All clear. Not being able to go on to Round 2 was a little disappointing, but I'm going to continue to bake because I can't live without eating sweets. [ Chuckles ] You did a great job. Thank you. - Thank you. - Thank you. ♪♪♪♪ Hello, bakers and faker... - Yep. ...'cause we know we have two bakers left and one faker left. Wonder who that is. In this round, I'm going to let you bake anything you like. But one little addition. I knew there had to be a catch. You must incorporate... ...yogurt! Yogurt? Yahtzee! Yogurt! [ Chuckling ] I don't know. We got plain yogurt, freeze-dried yogurt, yogurt chips, yogurt smoothie and frozen yogurt. Fro-yo, yo. Yo. The hardest part about baking with yogurt is that it can make something too heavy and not come out right. Whoever bakes the best dish using yogurt takes home the cachiche. - Ha-ha! - You guys ready? - Yes. - Ready. 45 minutes on the clock! Get baking! ♪♪♪♪ Yogurt. What do you think? What a great ingredient. Not only is it a technical element in a recipe, add moisture, add tang, but... yogurt also has amazing flavor. What would a baker do with yogurt? Go straight ahead and make a yogurt mousse. Now, to that, you can add a little bit of fresh berries and give some tartness and some perfume to the actual yogurt - it's beautiful. The faker is going to take their white cake recipe, dump some yogurt in it, and serve it. And baker's going to incorporate texture somehow, like a brittle or a granola, you know, and the baker is going to give me the delicious tang of yogurt. All right. Let's see what they do. I'm happy for all of us, but you guys are going down this round. CASSIE: We will see, my darling. You little youngin'. Going into this round, it's game on. Round 2, I am making my famous banana-split cupcake. Some cuppie cakies. This cupcake is super special to me. It reminds me of my 5th birthday. My mom took me and my friends to an ice cream parlor. And I had the hugest banana split you could ever think of. I've got it, girlfriend. First thing I need to do is get my cupcake batter done... Cream and the sugar and butter, baby. ...so that it bakes and cools in time to frost. I get two ripe bananas and just start mashing the heck out of them until they come to a consistency that's just slightly chunky, but still liquidy enough to mix into a batter. So Cassie, I'm worried about what she's doing with the bananas... - Yes. - ...because bananas and yogurt act similarly in a recipe, right? Exactly. So whatever she's making could be too wet... - Yep. - If she's making a banana bread. She needs to be careful of her ratio. They're a little underripe than I'd like, but I'm gonna make it work. I still think she's a faker. Oh, 100% It's yogurt time, baby. I'm going to use the plain yogurt in place of half the milk content in order to up the moisture content, and there'll be a little bit of tang. I toss the chocolate chips into my cupcake batter, and I mix that all up. Ice cream scoops... got them, got them, got them. The best thing about this cupcake is that, when you take a bite of it, you can literally separate each flavor of a banana split in your mouth. And so I scoop my cupcake batter into the cupcake tins and get it into the oven. I've got this one in the bag. I'm super excited to be in my comfort zone and make what I know I'm good at. For Round 2, I'm going to make an olive-oil madeleine and a vanilla-bean-yogurt mousse. This cake is my go-to recipe. It's nice and smooth and has a little extra flavor from the olive oil. But trying to figure out how I'm going to incorporate yogurt, which is creamy and has a tart tang to it and can change the way things bake, is going to be a little bit of a challenge. All right. Let's get this in there. Once my cake batter is mixed and I've added the olive oil to get it to the right texture, I chop up some yogurt chips, and I fold them into the batter. Want to give it a little extra texture and a little extra flavor. I think that the yogurt that essentially going to go and give texture to it. Yeah. So, if they go inside and act sort of like a meringue crunch... Yeah. ...that would be a pleasant surprise. - And a total pro move... - Exactly. ...thinking about all those textures. Textures and everything. Two, four, six, eight, ten, twelve - perfect. I got the madeleines scooped into pan. I get the pan right in the oven 'cause I want them to bake. But because of the yogurt, I'm not sure exactly how long they're going to take. If these madeleines are not done right, if they're overdone or underdone, I'm done. ♪♪♪♪ I got this! Round 2, I'm bringing this home because I get to make what I do best. French macarons. Crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside - you can't beat them. Fight to the finish, ladies! I'm making lemon-scented macarons, which is a French almond-based cookie with a yogurt-blueberry buttercream. They're finicky in any normal circumstance, let alone a time constraint and a secret ingredient. I'm nervous, but I'm going big. Trying to get these things sifted. First thing I need is to get my blanched almond meal and my confectioner sugar in a good sifter. Woo! Arms are getting tired. Aerates the mixture and takes out any big almond pieces that would create lumps in your batter and not a perfect macaron. No yolk in those. The next thing you need to do is get your egg whites separated from your yolks so I can make my meringue. Look at those stiff peaks. Perfect. The meringue are the whipped egg whites that make the macaron batter rise in the oven. Get those egg whites in there. Molly, look at the way she's folding in the whites. The pro is going to know exactly when to stop folding. So she's looking to see how the batter falls off of the spatula. That's going to ensure an even consistency. That is a pro move. - 100%. Tasting pretty good down here. If you put them in the oven while the top of the shells are still wet and sticky, the steam could come up too quickly and escape from the top. If it escapes from the top, you're done for. Your macarons are not going to be crispy on top. They're just going to be a chewy mess. All right, I'm going in. Here's the thing about Molly. So she put the macaron into the regular oven. Yeah. A pro would have used the combi oven on the very low fan because you want the air to circulate so it dries as it bakes. I'm really nervous for Molly. Ooh, goodness gracious. Twenty minutes left! We're just peeking in. If my macarons don't rise properly, I'm done. So, to cover my bases, I have a backup plan. What is Molly doing? I make a second sheet tray that I'm going to pipe and put in the convection oven so I can control the temperature to the best of my abilities. Molly pulled out all the tricks. I like that she knows she has to go a little bit lower and a little bit slower with the macaron. Yep. Yeah, it's about forming the right skin... Yeah, yeah. ...and lift to get those perfect little feet. That's a pro move. I smell my cupcakes. That means they're almost done. CASSIE: I pull my cupcakes out of the oven. I give them the pushback test. They sponge back real quick. I know they're done. I put them in the freezer so they cool down quick enough for the buttercream not to melt off. There we go. Spectacular. I want this cupcake to be my birthday party on a plate, and the only way I can think of doing that is to add some colored fondant curlicues with sparkles all over them. Mine's going to look spectacular. I get my Tylose powder out, add a little to each color and kneed that in so that it sets up quicker. I don't want floppy fondant on my plate. I want stiff curlicues. BUDDY: Look at the way that Cassie's adding Tylose powder. Tylose powder will turn regular fondant, basically, into gum paste. Cassie is the faker. She's trying to fool you with fondant. You're so bamboozled. This is her game plan. Look at the way she's handling the fondant. My guaranteed baker's Cassie, and I ain't changing. Do you have any butter I can use? KERI: Yep. - Thank you. - Yeah. Then, I move on to my strawberry buttercream for the top of my cupcakes. I'm kind of a messy baker. I want to win this so badly because this dish is my family personified. As a single mother, I am really grateful to my parents. They've been huge influences on me and my girls. Winning would not only make me proud, but, more importantly, I want to make the people who helped me proud. KERI: While my madeleines are in the oven, I need to get my mousse going. In my mousse, I want to add some yogurt, so I actually put a little Greek yogurt in to fluffen up my mousse. And I add the berry smoothie just to add a little extra flavor and give it that texture that I'm looking for. That's good. I decide that I want to add one more flavor component to my dish, and I want to add passion fruit. It's my favorite flavor. I love it. It's got a bright, pretty color, and I think it'll contrast really well with the olive oil madeleine. While my passion fruit sauce gets to a bubbly stage, I make a cornstarch slurry, and I slowly whisk it in while it's boiling to start to thicken up the passion fruit puree a little bit so I can make a really nice sauce out of it. Keri is making a slurry, which she's adding water to cornstarch, so she's going to add that to her coulis to thicken it. But you want to thin out the cornstarch with a little bit of liquid so it doesn't clump. Ah, I love that smell. That's a pro move. Yeah. Let's go, let's go, let's go. Once my passion fruit is set, I decide that I want to make crunchy almond brittle. I melt some of my butter my sugar, and I let it go. And it will add a different level of flavor and crunch to my dish. DAMIANO: I really like what Keri's doing right now. She's going to make almond brittle. I love that. It's a great way to add that texture to go with the creaminess of the yogurt. - That's a baker. - That's a baker. Come on! Bake! Bake, bake, bake. Come on! So I check on my madeleines, and I'm second-guessing myself. Oopsie. I feel like they need another minute. I just want to make sure that they're done. They get a nice golden color. That olive oil gives it a little bit of crunch on the outside and keeps them moist inside. Doing good, you got this. We got feet! Now that I have, not one, but two trays of macarons in the oven, I need to get started on my buttercream to fill my macarons. I'm going to to use the plain yogurt and melted yogurt chips in my buttercream to add a great yogurt tang and flavor to the dish. So I'm adding rosemary, lemon zest, and powdered sugar. Ooh, we got powder. And I get that whipping in a bowl until it's nice and fluffy. I got this, 100%. Lemon and blueberry are really fresh flavors and go great with the tang of yogurt. I wanted to do flavors that I know would work well with the yogurt and not overpower it. Ah, why buttercream? Buttercream is classic in the macaron, and with the tang of the yogurt, it's going to break up the fat of the butter. That's a baker move. I will not do that, though. I will do something more creative. What's more creative than a yogurt buttercream? The shells are so sweet. You do not want to make a buttercream when you go and put that much sugar. Yes, there is the yogurt that is going to counterbalance the sweetness, but at the same time, it's boring. But I still think she's a baker. Two minutes left! Hurry up! Plate your stuff! MOLLY: I got this. Now we're cooking. - Zac, who's your two bakers? - Keri. I mean, she made that quick yogurt mousse with cream cheese, which is going to stabilize the mousse. That is brilliant in competition. And Molly. I mean, look at those macaron. Those are perfect. And to combine the fresh herbs with the citrus and the yogurt, that's a really smart, very pro move. I have agree 100%. Molly is a baker. Molly made the macarons in 45 minutes. That's a complicated thing to do. You got to know your techniques. You don't do it if you're not capable of doing it. The other baker has to be Keri. She's taking risk for anything that she's doing. She's confident about it. She's using a lot of ingredients. She's combining three or four different kind of yogurt. And she's relaxed. That has to be a pro. If Keri's the baker, then Molly's not. Cassie is a cake decorator. Starting from the disco to the Tylose powder, - she's a cake decorator. - She's fooling you with fondant. Ten... nine... eight... seven... six... five... four... three... two... one! Stop your work! KERI: I'm happy with my dish. I love the way it looks. It's restaurant quality. It's definitely a beautiful plate of desert. I feel like I have this. Are you a baker... or are you a faker? - I... - Am... A... - Seriously? - I told you! Bakers and fakers, I gave you 45 minutes to make whatever you like as long as you had some yogurt in it. Now, it's time to face the judges. Keri, what did you make? I made a olive-oil-yogurt madeleine and a vanilla-bean-yogurt mousse. This mousse is exactly what I wanted as an expression of yogurt. It's creamy. It's rich, not too sweet. I mean, this is really amazing. The brittle, I think, is a good idea. I don't think you cooked it enough. And I really want that, like, crispy, crunchy, almost burnt caramel flavor. I think that would be a really great foil to the yogurt mousse. - Okay. The use of the passion fruit, it gave color to the dish and that darkness to go through the brittle because it's sweet. It was very smart. But the madeleine, you took it out. You look at it. For some reason, you put it right back in. Now, that, it's what made it a little dry to me. But overall, it's a good job. - Thanks. - Molly. I made a lemon-scented macaron with a blueberry-yogurt buttercream. You made a fantastic macaron. Texture of the shell is exactly what I want. It's crunchy on the outside, and it's chewy on the inside. I mean, the shell was spot on... - Thank you. - ...for me. However... I like sprinkles. I don't think I like rosemary sprinkles. I got to say, you know, you did nail the actual macaron part, so I appreciate this a lot. But then, there is the buttercream. I don't taste any yogurt - none. Cassie, what'd you do? I made a banana-split cupcake. I used plain yogurt, and I used it to substitute a lot of the milk content in the cupcake. I feel like you made yourself on a plate. [ Laughter ] We got your hair color, your makeup color. I think it was genius. [ Laughing ] But the buttercream, I think that it's so sweet already. The chocolate brings it, like, over the top really sweet - for my palate. Your use of the yogurt in the cupcake is genius. The yogurt plus the banana made this cupcake so velvety smooth, so moist. I mean, wow. But the cake-to-frosting ratio was way off. You went overboard with the frosting. Okay. Thank you, Cassie, and thank you all. Now, it's time for us to deliberate. CASSIE: I'm the most nervous because the other plates are so much more fancy and elegant than a cupcake. I have a cupcake. KERI: Even with a tough critique for overcooking my madeleine, I still think that I have a shot at winning this. MOLLY: I did my absolute best with a technically difficult dish, let alone in 45 minutes. That money is at my fingertips. I can almost taste it. Bakers and faker, in this envelope is the name of the winner. But, before I tell you who one, you need to tell us who you really are. Let's start with Cassie. Are you a baker, or are you a faker? I... am a... Cassie, are you a baker, or are you a faker? I... am a... baker. I told you! I told you! I told you! - Wow. - Woo! Cassie, where are you a baker? I'm a baker at "Cassie Cakes Cakery" in Northridge, California. I'm the CEO and head cake decorator. We are known for colorful, sparkly, bright, happy deserts that really are the center of the party. Glitter-fied. My favorite thing to make at the bakery is unicorn poo. It's a sugar cookie. It probably is my best-selling item. It's what we're known for. It had always been a dream of mine to pursue a career in baking. My mom taught me to bake when I was really little. She always had me in the kitchen with her, and I just fell in love with it because it was something that we did together. What I love most about my job is bringing smiles to people's faces. I think she's done. It feels amazing. So we still got one baker and one faker remaining. Molly, tell us, are you a baker or a faker? I... am a... ...faker. - Seriously? - Aaah! I told you! - I told you both! - What? Yes! I told you both! Fakers can't bake macaron like that. Did you spend a lot of time in France? Molly, what do you do? I am a full-time graduate student. I'm getting my Masters at Boston University in nutrition and dietetics. I've always loved food, but now I get to know the science behind it. What I'm learning is everything to what I love to do when it comes to cooking and baking and being in the kitchen. I owe a lot to baking. It has really helped me to understand how to make others feel appreciated. It has made me understand how to make other people happy and how to really connect with them. Baking and decorating and feeding other people has always been a part of my life, and I know it always will be. Keri, for the record, are you a baker or a faker? I am a baker. [ Chuckles ] We all knew that. I am the head baker and pastry chef at Yale University. Guys, today, we're going to do 64 dozen chocolate chip cookies. I oversee a small department that provides breakfast, two lunch and a dinner item for every college on campus for all the students, as well as catering and retail. We feed a lot of hungry students. What I love about my job is that I get to be completely creative and really just have fun with deserts and food and be able to put different combinations together. So now that we know who you are, it's time for me to reveal the winner. That means, if Cassie or Keri wins, you win $10,000. Molly, if you win, $15,000. All right. The winner is... Cassie. [ Laughing ] - Congratulations. - I'm so happy for you. Congratulations. You represented yourself. And I think, as a chef, our point of view is personal, and you brought that today. And we tasted it, and we loved it. Thank you. What are you going to tell your kids when you see them? I did it all for them. How proud is your mom going to be? She's gonna freak out. Believe me. [ Chuckling ] Congratulations! Give me a hug! - Good job. - Thank you so much. Thank you. Pleasure. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 