Bakers vs. Fakers: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bakers vs. Fakers 
 s1e3 - Smart Cookies - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bakers vs. Fakers (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Smart Cookies - full transcript 
 The bakers and fakers must use beer in their chocolate chip cookie creations; the contestants must use fresh herbs in Round Two; judges Damaris Phillips and Zac Young join host Buddy Valastro. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Anthony from Rahway, New Jersey, and I am a professional baker. I'm Anne Marie from Charlotte, North Carolina, and I am a professional baker. I'm Uriya from Tel Aviv, Israel, and I am a professional baker. I'm Karen from Maple Glen, Pennsylvania, and I am a professional baker. Hang on! The fun is about to begin. Four bakers are here to do battle. Golden-brown delicious. Two are amazing amateurs. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Do I look like I need help? Hey, have you got an Easy-Bake Oven down there? And two are professionals. Lovely. Out of this world. But only they know their true identities. Their mission? Just winning a bunch of money. Outbake the competition. If a professional baker wins, they take home $10,000. That sounds fancy. But if an amateur is able to fake out the judges... I didn't want to stop eating it. You're a baker. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ...and take down the pros... - Pssh! Pssh! ...they walk away with 15 grand! - Wow! - [Gasp] Bada-bing, bada-boom. Are you a baker... or a faker? - I... - Am... A... - Ohh! - What?! I knew it! What?! Whoo! How we doing, everybody?! All right. What's up, Buddy? Doing great! We are hiding your identities so the judges will be completely unbiased. But in this competition, whether you're amateur or professional, best baker wins. Yes! There are two rounds of competition. Round 1 is my choice. So, to start you off today, you will be baking... ...chocolate-chip cookies! Dope. Easy one, two, three. Like, who can mess up a chocolate-chip cookie? Look let's face it - anybody can make a good chocolate-chip cookie. True. But it takes a real pro to make a top-notch chocolate- chip cookie using... ...beer! Oh, my God! You got to be kidding me! Beer in cookies - That not goes together. No. We have stout, an IPA, root beer, ginger beer, and lager. Can I have one of those right now? At the end of the round, the baker that makes the judges' least favorite chocolate-chip cookie is going home. Not today. 45 minutes on the clock. Get baking! Whoo! Some of this, some of that. All right, we got two bakers and two fakers out there. How are we going to be able to tell the difference? A pro knows that a chocolate- chip cookie has been done. The pro is going to be looking for the next thing. It could be a bar cookie, it could be a sandwich cookie. Okay. For me, the texture has to be right. You want ooey and gooey when it comes here, no matter what it is inside. Chocolate stout. Which beer do you incorporate? DAMARIS: For me, the stout is the clearest choice. That malty, complex, kind of sweet notes of the stout are going to pair perfectly with the chocolate-chip cookie. This just got real. I'm from Jersey. I come from a really big Italian family. We're, like, at the Jersey Shore. We do the fist pump. Pssh! Pssh! Pssh! Pssh! Lots of food, lots of cookies and cakes and desserts. It's like a party every single day. Chocolate chips. Chocolate chips. Chocolate chips. Today, I'm making a deconstructed chocolate-chip cannoli with a chocolate-stout sauce. Some of this. I'm going to make the chocolate-chip cookie the cannoli shell, and then I add the cannoli filling on top. My baking style is from my background, being Italian, and kind of mix it in with traditional American desserts. First thing I'm doing is starting my dough. Put the flour, I got to put the eggs, the chocolate chips into the mixture. Get that done. This is when it gets a little messy. I just throw it on a cookie sheet so it's pretty much even, but in the end I want to take a cookie cutter and start punching the holes in there and get perfect circles of cookie. Bada-bing, bada-boom. Okay. So, the next thing I do is start the chocolate-stout sauce. Stout, it has a thicker consistency to it, so I reduce it a little bit so some of the alcohol content is gone, and it will create rich caramel notes. All right, let's see here. Got to melt some chocolate. So, I took the stout, and I mixed it in with some melted milk chocolate to make, like, a nice, thick, creamy sauce. BUDDY: I think Anthony is my baker. He is using the stout for his ganache. It's malty and rich. It's going to bring out the flavor of that chocolate. What a pro move. DAMARIS: But he's not putting enough liquid in there. I'm afraid that once it cools down, that's just going to turn back into hard chocolate. Faker move! I am way too little. I am 5'3" on a good day. Behind your back, man. I'm small and fearless, and great things come in small packages. Today, I'm making a chocolate walnut stout cookie with a Mexican hot chocolate. ANTHONY: You good? You in control? Yeah, you should ask your mom. [ Laughter ] Zing! My competitive edge comes from growing up, playing ice hockey with the boys. [ Deep voice ] If you're in my way, you'll go down. Oh, I'm in the zone right now. My style of baking plays on flavors from when you were a child. First thing I do is grab walnuts, and I put them in a pot full of stout. Stout is a dark, heavy beer that has these really high toast notes, so it's going to enhance the chocolate flavor and the nuts, as well. Drunken nuts are something that people don't typically do at home, especially because when you bake a nut, it gets really hard. So, by moistening them, you get the flavor, but you also get this beautiful, soft texture. That is a baker. For the cookie batter, I use melted butter with both white and brown sugar and mini chocolate chips so you can get as many little baby chocolate chips into any bite as you could. Ann Marie is using an ice-cream scoop to get uniform, consistent cookies - absolute pro move. Big whoopty-doo. She used an ice cream scoop. And she's using a really small one, which is a total faker move because that's going to be a tiny, teeny-tiny, little cookie. Yeah, they're little, but she's giving me hot chocolate to dunk it in. She's making chocolate-chip croutons, all right? That's right - Size matters. I'm going to throw it in the oven until it's GBD - golden-brown delicious. I would describe myself as always optimistic. Here we go! I was born and raised in Israel. Four years ago, I moved to the States. Yep! My culinary style is combine all the knowledge that I have from Israel with my own twist. And today, I will make a chocolate-chip ginger cookie, with tahini and fig jam. Okay, wonderful. First thing that I need to do is start to cream butter, sugar, and the tahini together. Yummy in my tummy. Tahini is a sesame paste from Israel, and it can give the batter a bit more richness and sesame flavor. I love tahini because of the bitterness, also the fat. ZAC: But he's going to have to off set the bitterness with one of the sweeter beers. He's using ginger beer. I hope he reduces it down though. Oh, no. That's a lot of beer. The faker is going to use the beer straight-out. it will totally mess up the ratio of wet to dry. If you put too much beer, then it's going to spread out too much or be too cakey. Beer has yeast, it's going to "poof," and then you're going to have a cookie cake. Grinding up some ginger. I use fresh ginger into the batter in order to amplify the flavor of the ginger beer. That could be a faker move. The acid from the ginger could curdle the eggs. It could but I think Uriya is using the ginger to bump up the flavor of the ginger beer. In the oven it goes. Look at that foamy goodness! I'm, like, quirky, funny. I just want to leave it here to be my inspiration when I win! My personal baking style is shabby chic. So, today I'm going to be making a malt chocolate-chip waffle cookie with stout syrup. Show me the money on this milk stout! Stout has lactase in it, which gives it that milky flavor, and milky flavors and chocolate - It is sublime. Go. I'm a single mom, and I didn't really have a lot of extra money, but I could always kind of pull together butter, sugar, flour, eggs. So, that's when I got really, really interested in baking. Boil, baby! Boil! The first thing I do is reduce the stout so I'm left with this very precious syrupy sauce. You are reducing. All of the moisture is coming out of you. I think Karen is trying to make a syrup for her waffle. The pro is going to know that they can concentrate the flavor by reducing that beer. But she's reducing that stout down so much that it's going to be more taffy-like and less syrup like. Faker. This is so delicious. So, once I have a very strong reduction, the next thing I do is put it into homemade buttery syrup, which is sugar, water, and butter. This syrup is fantastic. The buttery syrup mellows out the bitterness of the stout. It is so good. Ah, here we go. The next thing I do is start the bacon to be sprinkled on top. Don't burn the bacon Kar. I think the saltiness of the bacon will balance the sweetness of the cookies. Karen is bringing out the bacon. That, to me, is a very baker move. The salt is key. It's making me nervous that Karen doesn't have her dough together yet. Time management is a pro move. Karen knows that she can make a dough really quickly. She's my baker. But is she doing too much? Oh, we got fire. Oh, we got fire. Okay, down to the wire! Are you a baker or a faker? - I... - am... - a... I knew it! Ohh! I knew it! I knew it! Oh! That was really cool! Staying away from you. It's very nerve-racking to do dough at the very, very end, But I feel confident. Okay. Ground cinnamon. Perfect! My cookies are baking, and it's time to start the cannoli filling. To make a traditional Italian cannoli, I need to have a lot of cinnamon, I need to make sure that the flavor comes through. Folding it. Folding it. My cannoli filling is good to go. I put it on the side, and then I go check on my cookies in the oven - not quite done. Winning this competition would be huge for me. I want to buy a house and start living that American dream. Finally, I think I might have something going on here. My cookies are exactly where I want them to be. So, I take my round cookie cutters, and I just start popping the cookies on there. Anthony is using a ring mold to cut out perfectly baked cookies from the center so we're going to get ooey, and we're going to get gooey. Yep, that's a pro. That's a baker baby! I don't know about that. Now I'm getting all of my dry together for a hot cocoa. The cookies are in the oven, so I just start making all the hot-chocolate mix. It's cocoa powder, both powdered sugar and granulated sugar, and powdered milk. Chili powder for a little bit of heat. Cinnamon will help give it a little bit of depth, as well. My mother is Latina, so she would always make a spiced Mexican hot chocolate. So, automatically, it just brings me back to my roots, back to my family, and family is always a winner in my book. So, hopefully, I can win with this dish. So, my mom will be super happy. To finish off the hot chocolate, I use stout that I soaked the nuts in so that everything holds together. Ann Marie - I think that she's using the beer really well, and she put the beer into the batter and with the milk, too. Baker, y'all. The beer is carbonated. It will totally mess up the milk. Yeah, but that malty kind of sweet notes of a stout are going to pair perfectly with hot chocolate. Okay, figs. I'm making a fig jam to bring a little acidity to counteract with the sweetness of the cookies. Take the stem out. Nobody wants to get it into their teeth. My wife and I used to eat figs fresh out of the tree growing all over Israel, and I love it. A little bit of water. I got married six months ago. I would like to win the money in order to take my lovely wife to a honeymoon. Oh, wow. The figs, they're a little bit on the sour side, so I use a little ginger beer to add a little bit more sweetness. Uriya is using the ginger beer to make a fresh fig compote. That's so smart. It's not in the cookie. ZAC: Not incorporating the figs to this cookie is a faker move. A baker is going to incorporate all the elements into one thing. Maybe he's making a sandwich cookie. Wonderful. I'm making some love in my bowl here! The syrup is done. Now I have to make the waffle batter. Beer has malt, so instead of using just chocolate chips, I've incorporated some malted milk balls in here. It's delicious. Because I'm going to be making this in a waffle iron, you can't just put regular dough in there. These are too loose, so I'm going to tighten them up. I'm adding some flour because I need it to be thicker so it holds together. There we go. Getting ready to start me cookies. URIYA: Karen? What? Did you put the cookies in the oven? Don't you worry about my cookies. You're so funny! She's doing it in a waffle iron. That is a baker, all right?! She is saying, "No oven for me. I'm going to bake it in a totally innovative way." It's going to maximize the surface area of the cookie and give us a really crunchy exterior and a nice, supple interior. Do y'all not have an issue with it being a waffle when it's a cookie challenge? She's thinking outside of the scoop, all right? If it has the texture of a waffle, I'm going to have a problem. Two minutes left! No! All right, last check-in - two bakers? Anthony and Karen. Karen is thinking outside of a round cookie. That is such a pro move. And Anthony is making a crumble out of the scraps of the cookies. He's reusing every part of that batter. That's such a baker move. I'm on that island. That's the happy island of bakers. That's the baker island. Damaris, your two bakers? My two bakers are Ann Marie... And...? ...and Uriya! He has a strong POV, using ingredients from Israel. I love tahini, and figs are one of the most beautiful things you can eat. Ooh. Uriya is a baker. Ann Marie understands how to manipulate beer in this challenge. Okay, down to the wire! 10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... 1! Stop your work! That's it. BUDDY: Put your cookies down! I know that my waffles and syrup and bacon are delicious. I am praying that the judges think it is, too. So, bakers and fakers I gave you 45 minutes to make chocolate-chip cookies using beer. Now it's time to face the judges. And remember - one of you is going home. Anthony, what did you prepare? ANTHONY: I made a deconstructed chocolate-chip cannoli. The beer is mixed in with the chocolate stout sauce. What you did with the cookie was genius. You gave us that chewy center - perfect. Chocolate-stout ganache is delicious, and the stout plays off of the richness of the chocolate really well. But the cannoli cream was unsuccessful for me. I think you over whipped it, so the texture was not pleasurable. Anthony this is richly delicious. Thank you. Gooey, delicious, chewy cookie. You were really smart to cut them out. The cannoli cream, to me, is very cinnamon forward. And so, for me, that cinnamon flavor is washing out the flavor of my beer. Okay, food for thought. Thank you. Ann Marie, what did you make for us? I made a chocolate-stout walnut cookie with a Mexican hot chocolate. I soaked the walnuts in the stout. It's also in the hot chocolate mix as well as in the cookie itself. ZAC: The crispiness of the cookie was phenomenal. The stout perfumes it throughout. It was really a very intense cookie experience. But I would have liked the cookie to have been a little bit larger so I got a more gooey center. So, Ann Marie, the warmth from the walnuts where they were soaked in that stout is just lovely. The uniformity of the color, the uniformity of the size, like, they're perfect. But they could have been in the oven slightly less time because they're a little bit dry. Your hot chocolate, I could use it to be just a tad more on the bitter notes to kind of elevate the flavor of that stout. Got it. Uriya, tell us what you did. URIYA: I made a chocolate-chip ginger cookie with fig jam. I've used ginger beer inside the cookie and inside the jam. DAMARIS: Uriya, your cookie is good. The warmth and the nuttiness from that tahini is superb. Thank you. And these figs are tender, they're succulent. You can taste that ginger beer in there. I loved them. I do not love that you put this jam on the side. It doesn't make a lot of sense to have it in a spoon with the cookie. It makes it seem like it's disjointed. Okay. I love that you took the chocolate-chip cookie on vacation - Laying out somewhere in the Mediterranean, chilling with the figs. That tahini actually makes the edges crispy. However, the texture of the cookie a little bit cakey, a little bit dry. It's not chewy on the inside, but that's the way the cookie crumbles. Literally. Karen, tell us what you prepared. KAREN: Today, I prepared a malted chocolate-chip waffle cookie with stout syrup. The stout is in the syrup. This is a genius use of a chocolate-chip cookie. The waffle iron maximizes the surface area so you get a lot more of the crunchy outside, and then the inside still stays soft. The one thing that I think is missing here is the salinity. It needs a little crunch from salt to break up all the sweetness. Karen I think that texture of your waffle cookie is outstanding. It's crunchy, the inside is nice and gooey. It is perfectly seasoned with stout. But the malt is not necessary here. You have the stout, and you have bacon, and you have chocolate, and then you're adding in malt. It's another heavy flavor. You know what Karen? I didn't get any bacon on mine. [ Gasps ] I'm going to give you a bacon bite and see if you like it. That's, like, perfection. That's everything I want in life. That salt, the crispiness of the bacon, that's what was missing from my dish, but I didn't get the bacon. I'm sorry. Great job to all four of you guys. This is going to be a tough decision for the judges. KAREN: Zach's waffle doesn't have any bacon on it. I'm holding my breath right now. If I don't make it past the first round, I would be crushed. Bakers and fakers, I gave you 45 minutes to make chocolate-chip cookies using beer. You've already faced the judges. Now it's time to see who won. Who's going home, and who that person really is. So, Damaris please tell us who was the winner of the round? The winner of the round is... ...Karen. [ Applause ] Good job. Karen, your use of the waffle iron to accentuate everything we love about a chocolate-chip cookie put you across the finish line, even without the bacon. Thank you. Zach tell us who made the second-best chocolate-chip cookies today. Our second-favorite chocolate-chip cookies were made by... ...Ann Marie. Dope! Oh that's exciting. Ann Marie, you're safe. Thank you. Good job. All right, judges, we're down to the bottom-two cookies. Damaris, please tell us who is moving on to Round 2. The person moving on to round two is... ...Anthony. Thank you. BUDDY: Congratulations. Unfortunately, Uriya, that means you're eliminated. But before you go, please tell us - Are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... baker. Ohhhh! I knew it! I knew it! I knew it! This girl knew it, right here. So smart. So creative, too. Uriya, where are you a baker? I'm a pastry chef in Square 1682 in Philadelphia. I studied culinary school in Israel, and I moved to the United States in order to continue and study and fulfill my dream. At Square 1682, I'm doing the desserts line, à la carte menu, banquets, weddings. Getting paid to bake and to create what I love is a dream come true, and I couldn't ask anything else. All right, we know there is one baker and two fakers left. And in this round, I'm going to give you the freedom to bake whatever you like. Nice. Dope. This is great. But... you guys have to include one thing. Gosh. Always something. ...fresh herbs! Oh, my gosh! What?! Come on. Everybody loves fresh herbs. What are you talking about? [ Laughs ] We got tarragon, sage, thyme, rosemary... All right. ...and lavender. KAREN: Herbs can be tricky. Some of them are very, very potent, pungent, so it's kind of tough. You have to be very careful to balance things out with herbs. You guys got 45 minutes to bake your best incorporating one of these fresh herbs. You got it? Got it. You sure? We got it! Get baking! All right, let's get it. Fresh herbs - What do you think? The real challenge with fresh herbs is using restraint. The baker is going to know how to extract the maximum flavor out of the herb. The fakers are just gonna throw the herb into something and hope for the best. Rosemary. Which herb would a baker choose? I'd say a baker is going to choose a thyme. I've got thyme for you baby! Lemon and thyme - perfect combination. The lemon is going to really compliment the earthiness of the thyme. Coming in for a soft landing! The faker is going to use rosemary. It has a really piney flavor. Too much rosemary, and it's going to taste like we're eating a Christmas tree. Well, all right, let's see what they do. North Carolina, how you doing down there? All gravy, baby. All right. ANN MARIE: I am going to make a smoked blackberry mousse with a sticky chestnut and cocoa nib crumble. ♪♪ So many berries ♪♪ I grew up in the South. Spent a lot of time sitting by a campfire smoking meat, berries, anything. This ain't my first rodeo (roh-day-oh). I'm going to smoke the blackberries with rosemary sprigs, so you get that piney earthiness from the rosemary into the blackberries. All right, this is a pain in the [beep] So, I build a smoker out of hotel pans, put it over the burner. That's not hot or anything. ANTHONY: What's going on over here? It looks like you're about to set this place on fire. In the South, we smoke everything. Wow. Ann Marie is smoking her blackberries with the rosemary to add in another savory element. Absolute baker move. Yeah, but look - Ann Marie's smoke is looking a little bit out of control. Like, are we actually going to be able to taste the herbs or just the smoke? She's a faker. ANN MARIE: Smells like a campfire. This is awesome. Whoo! After I get the blackberries in the smoker, I start making the mousse. I heat up my creams with a little bit of vanilla beans to add that sweetness. Come on. Add in the eggs and then get everything mixed together and strained out and put into the freezer as long as possible to cool it down. And we're just kind of winging it as we go. ANTHONY: Here we go. Round 1, I pulled through by the skin of my teeth, and Round 2, I don't want to play it safe, so I'm taking a risk. During my big Italian feast and holidays, I remember always having some type of soufflé on the table. I have an idea to do a lemon rosemary soufflé with a graham-cracker truffle and a fresh raspberry puree. Oh my gosh. A soufflé in 45 minutes? Yes, ma'am. So, a soufflé is just eggs and sugar, but it's really risky because the whole thing can just collapse. I'm cray-cray. The soufflé makes me really nervous. It's really easy to knock the air out of those egg whites, and then you're going to get a lemon pancake. So, I start my soufflé mixture. I throw my egg yokes in with some sugar along with some fresh lemons. Chop up the rosemary very finely to kind of infuse my soufflé because I know rosemary goes really well with lemon. Little goes a long way. Mix it up and throw it on the double boiler. Continue to whisk that so it gets a little thick. Come on! You got to get a little thicker than that. I take my egg whites and sugar... Come on. Stiff peaks. ...I mix it together with egg yokes and lemon and rosemary... Okay. ...and I folded it in. And we're folding. And we're folding. Put that into my ramekins, and I put some hot water into the pan to do water bath. The water bath actually creates an even temperature with the soufflé so it's all baked at a consistent temp. The water bath is going to make that soufflé rise at the same rate. That's the baker move. Going in. Winner, winner, chicken dinner! I won the first round by being creative. Eggies are going to get whipped! So, for Round 2, I've got to stick to my guns. By that I mean bake something quirky and creative. Hello, Karen. What are you making? A crepe with goat cheese and a lemon sauce. I'm using thyme in the recipe. Are you inspired by breakfast? Waffles, crepes. [ Both laugh ] No, I'm inspired by my heritage! I'm Jewish, so it was like a blintz! My parents were kosher, and we ate blintz's all the time. So, this is a twist on an original family recipe, and it's absolutely delicious. Smoothie! The first thing I do is make the crepe batter because you have to be very careful not to make it like bubble gum. This prevents lumps. Let's look at my girl Karen. So, she's making a crepe batter. Would you make a crepe batter with this amount of time? It would not rest. Yeah, absolutely. Oh, I would not. Make the batter thin enough, you don't work the gluten too much, you can do it right out of the blender. Total baker! All right. Crepes are a little temperamental. Crepe batter can get overworked, so you have to be very careful when you cook them. Son of my gun! I'm having a little trouble with a few of them. Try this again! But finally, they're exactly the way they should be. These are so thin and beautiful. Thank you! Whoo! They're perfect. ANTHONY: So, open up the oven, see how my soufflé cups are doing. Got to rise. Rise. But the oven is not getting hot fast enough. Come on. I'm a little worried about our boy Anthony. The soufflés might not rise. I don't know what to do at this point. Come on, soufflé. You got to rise. Rise. My soufflé cups they're not getting to where I need to be. I don't know what to do at this point. I'm going to take this out. Thank God I remember the convection oven... He's walking with his soufflés. Is he going for the convy oven? You guys. ...where I should get a perfect, even temperature. Brilliant move. He knew the oven was not getting hot enough. The baker that he is said, "I'm going to go into that convy oven. I'm just going to blast the heat and hope they rise." In what world is it a brilliant move to pull soufflés out of an oven halfway baked. What's he going to do if it falls? Anthony is a faker. I'm, like, smooth sailing right now, guys, so if you need help - I mean I'm probably not going to help you, but still you can ask me. ANN MARIE: Once I take the cream out of the freezer, I take some of the blackberries out of the smoker and I puree them with a stick blender, and it's definitely a hot mess. I just got puree all over my face. It looks like I just committed a murder. And I put the strained puree into the mousse. It will give it that smoky rosemary flavor. Next up... Heavy cream! ...I start whipping up a whipped cream and mix it with the mousse in order to give it that nice, creamy consistency. Here's what's saying faker about Ann Marie. Her whipped cream is a little bit over whipped. 'Cause when you over whip cream, you know what you get? Butter. Butter. Ooh! Oh! Oh! That's not going to break down. DAMARIS: No, that's the way you do it! It's very smart. She's taking a very tight whipped cream and whisking it into a really loose mixture. She knows that that mixture is too loose, so she had to go a little bit harder on her whipped cream. Yo, we're gravy. ♪♪ And that's what a baker does ♪♪ ♪♪ And that's what a baker does ♪♪ Come on! I want to make some sticky chestnuts. So, I chop up a bunch of these chestnuts, and I cook them in honey, some coconut, and rosemary, as well. That will get that crunch that the dessert needs. I feel really, really confident right now. My mom taught me not to be a quitter. I really want to win this competition so I can take my parents on a well-needed vacation. They're my biggest fans, and I just want to make them proud. All right. Now, we wait. Graham cracker. This is it. So, I just don't want to serve up a soufflé in a ramekin, give it to the judges, and call it a day. I need something else. I'm going to make a graham-cracker truffle to add a little bit of crunch... Raspberries. Raspberries. Raspberries. ...and a raspberry puree... Raspberries. Perfect. ...just to give it a little bit more sweetness. So, I start crushing the raspberries, and then I strain it. Come on. Got to get these seeds out. Then I throw some graham crackers in a food processor. I add some fresh lemon zest, along with some melted butter just to give it a little bit more of a rich taste. Adding that graham-cracker crunch to his soufflé is a great textural element. My paisan is a pro. So, open up the oven and pray and cross my fingers and hope that my soufflé is done. All right. Bada-bing, bada-boom. Thank God they're perfect. They didn't drop. No, they're holding. ANTHONY: I want to win this so bad right now. I want a house down on the Jersey Shore. Whoo! This takes a lot out of you, right? Oh, my God. How do I love you? Let me count the ways. For my cheese filling, I use Humboldt fog... This creamy goodness. ...which is savory, aged goat cheese... Whoo-hoo! ...and cream cheese. This is how I take my frustrations out. Oh, my God! Take that. Both sweet cheeses, they go great with the floral-y, lemony, thyme. If there's any stems in here, I will get called on that. The next thing I do is build my crepe. I fold it up and sprinkle it with thyme. Time for thyme. And I egg wash the entire thing so that when I put it in the oven it gets a golden-brown. Bingo! After my crepes are done... All right, you lemons, you, let's go. ...I have to get my lemon sauce going. We're going to turn this up a little bit. That lemon sauce can't get too hot or you can get a very thick, almost tar-like substance. Cool, you son of a gun. My boys love this dish. Come to me, my little lemon sauce! They're 24 and 21. They're going to fly the coup really soon. Winning would just provide the funding to do one last family trip and spend that quality time together. Fantastic! All right, guys, hurry up. Two minutes left! Zac, who's the baker? You know, I'm going with Karen. [ Gasps ] Aah! She's risky, she's thinking outside the box. Combining the goat cheese with the cream cheese, that's going to make almost like a no-bake cheesecake that's going to be texturally binding. As wacky and out there as Karen is... Make some time with my thyme. ...she's the baker. Damaris, who's the baker? I'm still going to go with Ann Marie. You're smoked. I love the flavor of smoked in dessert. She's taken those blackberries, she's pureeing them, and adding that to her cream. At this point, her technique is the most creative that we've seen. She's a typical faker trying to do too much. I'm going with Anthony as the baker. I said it in Round 1, I'm saying it in Round 2. The guy is making a soufflé. The way he switched ovens 'cause he wasn't getting what he wanted - My home boy is a pro. ANTHONY: Whoo! 10... 9... Come on! ...8... 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... 1! Stop your work! ANTHONY: Ooh. Oh, my God. Good job, guys. Whoo-hoo! I love this dish. It's me on a plate. I nailed this one. I'm going to win. I'm a winner! Are you a baker, or are you a faker? - I... - am... - a... DAMARIS: Ohh! What?! I knew it! Baker and fakers, I gave you 45 minutes to create a delicious plate using herbs. Now it's time to face the judges. Ann Marie, what did you prepare for us? ANN MARIE: I made a rosemary- smoked blackberry mousse. I smoked the blackberries with the rosemary. It's also in the sticky chestnuts right on top. DAMARIS: The mousse is exactly like when you bit into a really charred marshmallow. It's loose. I'm wanting to sink into myself. The smoke on the mousse is the absolute perfect amount of smoke. But the smoked blackberries, it becomes overkill. This chestnut cocoa nib situation on top is texturally phenomenal. Thank you. It's crunchy, it's chewy, it's a perfect compliment to the mousse. The one thing that I'm missing is the rosemary. I get a lot of the smoke. I'm missing some of that pineness. Just that little bit of bite that rosemary brings, that really would have brought this home. Anthony. Yeah, what's up bud? What'd you make for us? A lemon rosemary soufflé with a graham-cracker truffle and a raspberry puree. I infused the soufflé with the rosemary, and then I strained the rosemary out. You took a risk on the soufflé, and I have to say... you frickin' nailed it! Thank you. Home run. The texture of the soufflé, I mean it's like eating a lemon cloud. It disappears in your mouth. It's like cotton candy. However, I would love if this graham-cracker truffle were at the bottom of my soufflé dish because it's a little hard to eat. DAMARIS: Anthony, I think that your graham-cracker truffle is genius - so buttery, you have that graham-cracker taste. But I don't need the raspberry sauce. Okay. Because it is so bright and so tart, it's competing with and hiding your rosemary and lemon in the soufflé. Karen? I prepared a dessert crepe with goat cheese, thyme, and lemon cream. Thyme is in the crepe, and it's also on top. I was worried. I thought it was going to be overpoweringly thyme-y, but it's not, it's great. It's really balanced. But the problem that I'm having is that there's a lot of stems. These are very, very woody and not pleasant at all. But that lemon cream is delicious. It really elevates the flavor of thyme and the crepe, I was concerned because you didn't let the batter rest, but I was wrong. The texture is beautiful. It's fluffy, it's delicate, I'm absolutely impressed. Wow. Thank you. ZAC: Karen, the thyme played well with all of the other flavors going well. And the textural difference of that aged goat cheese with the creaminess of the fresh goat cheese is fantastic. You know your way around a cheese board. [ Chuckling ] Thank you. But I wish you had done more with our nuts. Had you candied them, they would have given a little bit more sweetness to this very savory dessert. Well, thank you, Karen. Great job to you, and to all. You guys all did an amazing job. Now, if you can give us some time, the judges will deliberate. ANTHONY: I screwed up big time here. The judges are shooting me down, telling me they can't taste the rosemary in my soufflé. I'm done. KAREN: I want to win this challenge so badly. There's nothing that would make me happier than going on a family trip. I'm really nervous. My dish, it was a little too smoky, but I feel like everybody has a chance at this point. In this envelope, I got the name of the winner. But before I tell you who won, I think it's only fair you tell us who you really are. Tell us Karen - Are you a baker, or are you a faker? I... am... a... Tell us Karen - Are you a baker, or are you a faker? I... am... a... faker! What?! I knew it! What?! Karen, what do you do for a living? I'm a sales manager for a hotel and conference center. Sure! What? Like you do! Of course she is. [ Laughs ] I'm a senior sales manager for a hotel and conference center. We have everything on site, and I find customers and clients that are a good fit for what we have. And I love to nurture the other members of my team, and I've even been known to bake at work. When I'm in the kitchen, I am in my happy place. [ Laughs ] So, now we know we have one baker and one faker remaining. Phew! Ann Marie, tell us - Are you a baker, or are you a faker? I... am... a... baker. I knew it! Ooh! Where are you a baker? I am the executive pastry chef at Heirloom Restaurant in Charlotte, North Carolina. Oh, cool. Southern girl. At Heirloom, we like to say our little slogan is "Locally sourced, globally inspired." So, everything comes from the state of North Carolina. We do a six-course tasting menu. I make a brand-new dessert every single day. Popcorn, ginger snaps, and gravy. My favorite part of being a pastry chef is that I can do whatever I want. I love being creative and kind of making things that people don't normally think about. Dude, I love it - love it. Well, Anthony for the record, are you a baker, or are you a faker? I'm a faker. I'm actually a bartender at the Jersey Shore. Ohh! What?! What?! Where does the soufflé come from?! Wait a second. I know that you're not making soufflés in Seaside. Bartending at the Jersey Shore is so much fun. There's huge crowds. It's normal for me to have a bar with two or three people deep. Oh that's so pretty. Looks like the ocean. Some of the things that I do at my bartending job, like presentation of my drinks, definitely goes into my baking. So, whether I'm mixing a martini or making a cookie, I kind of have that same sleek, modern look. I love to bake and just kind of make people happy. These are really good, Ant. When I present it to somebody, and I see them smile, that kind of makes me realize, "Okay, I want to go back and bake some more." BUDDY: So, now that we know who you are, it's my turn to reveal the winner. That means, Anne Marie, if you win, you take home $10,000. Anthony or Karen, you take home $15,000. And... the winner is... ...Anthony! Shut the hell up! Are you kidding me right now? Are you kidding me right now?! Get out of here! No way! Oh, my God. I'm feeling so proud of myself. I just beat out two professional bakers and just won $15,000. Oh, my God, guys! I definitely want to put that towards a house down in the Jersey Shore area. I really feel like good things are going to come. All three of you should be proud of your dishes. Amen. We have never fought like this before. But Anthony, you took it over the top with your technique. Thank you so much. Oh my God! 15 grand! Everything I know, I actually learned from you, Buddy. I watched you on TV for years, and you're the reason why I'm here tonight. Wow. That's really sweet. Well, that's very inspiring. Thank you. I still can't believe you faked me out. Thank you so much, Buddy! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 