Bakers vs. Fakers: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bakers vs. Fakers 
 s1e1 - Cupcake Caliente - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bakers vs. Fakers (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Cupcake Caliente - full transcript 
 Pro and amateur bakers use hot peppers to create spicy cupcakes and then must use school snacks in the winning dish. Judges Lorraine Pascale and Damaris Phillips join host Buddy Valastro to sift out the bakers from the fakers. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I am Courtney from Hampton Bays, New York, and I am a professional baker. I'm Bert from New Orleans, Louisiana, and I am a professional baker. I'm Amie from Woodbury Heights, New Jersey, and I am a professional baker. I'm Forrest from Cottondale, Florida, and I am a professional baker. Hang on. The fun is about to begin. Four bakers are here to do battle. Golden-brown delicious. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Two are amazing amateurs. Do I look like I need help? Hey, you got an Easy-Bake Oven down there? And two are professionals. Lovely. Out of this world. But only they know their true identities. Their mission? Just winning a bunch of money. Out-bake the competition. If a professional baker wins, they take home $10,000. That sounds fancy. But if an amateur is able to fake out the judges... I didn't want to stop eating it. You're a baker? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And take down the pros, they walk away with 15 grand. Wow. [ Gasps ] Ba-da-bing, ba-da-boom. Are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... [ Laughter ] Yeah! You had me faked! How we doing, everybody? Good. Great. How you doing? We're hiding your identities so the judges are completely unbiased. But in this competition, the best baker will win. Oh, yeah. Fair enough. So there are two rounds of competition. In Round 1, you will be baking... cupcakes! Whoo-hoo! Hey! BERT: I can handle that. Cupcakes? It's easy. Anybody can make a cupcake. I got this. BUDDY: Cupcakes is literally a piece of cake, right? But it takes a real pro to make a great cupcake using... Peppers! Whoo! Caliente! Oh, no. COURTNEY: Having to use a hot pepper in a cupcake is going to be really hard because it's hard to create balance when it comes to heat in desserts. We have dried ancho, chipotle, habanero, peppered jelly, and Louisiana hot sauce. The judges' least favorite cupcake goes home. Capisce? I don't know Italian, but that sounds serious. 45 minutes on the clock. All right, let's do it! Let's bake! So, how are we going to figure out who's the bakers and who's the fakers with cupcakes and hot peppers? A baker who knows what they're doing, I think, would go with the ancho. The ancho's a dried poblano pepper. LORRAINE: Yeah, it's easy to incorporate in the frosting or the batter. You can control the heat nicely. I would 100% go with that. I would be all over that pepper jelly. Me, too. Get that even heat to sweet that you're looking for. Damaris, define baker. What's a baker to you? I'm looking for technique in the kitchen and then taste on the plate. And you know, of course, a baker knows the salty, the sweet, the bitter, the heat. And they do it professionally. Yes. I guess we're going to see how they do. I can't wait! Hey, what are you doing down there? I'm making magic. Don't burn that. [ Laughs ] BERT: I'm always happy, but when I'm baking, I'm ecstatic. I think I made a boo-boo, guys. Ha ha! Just kidding. I'm baking a brown butter praline cupcake with an ancho chili frosting. How we doing here, Mr. Bert? Yeah, pretty good. The thing I've got to do first is get that batter made. The ancho has a smoky sweet flavor that I'm going for. It'll pair very well with the nuttiness of that butter. I'm going to put it in the cupcake and the frosting. Go big or go home, right? Hey, go big or go home. So you weigh it, huh? Yeah. Why not cup it? My grandmother taught me a long time ago, weight is a little bit more consistent. That's something a baker would say. [ Laughs ] My baking style is definitely rooted in Louisiana. I started baking in New Orleans when I was five years old with my mom and my grandmother, and I never stopped. I want to win this for them. Bert's doing well. If you want to bake properly, I believe you need to use scales. You need to weigh it. Baking is a science and there's no freestyling. BUDDY: But he said, "My grandma told me when I was young." I don't know, I don't know. BERT: All righty. I'm straining my brown butter into my cupcake batter just to give it that fatty texture that I'm hoping for. This is a fantastic baking move from Bert. He's made the brown butter and he's pouring it into the cake batter. He's keeping the machine going and he's drizzling it down the side. That means the hot butter will not cook the eggs. Definitely a baker move. BERT: Delicious as always. I've got my batter made and I get it in the oven. Boom. Just making the dream happen. Come on, Forrest, you're kind of quiet down there. I don't hear you talking so much smack. I'm cooking. What do you think I'm doing? I don't look like a typical baker, but when I'm in the kitchen, don't mess with me. I would describe my baking style as a lot like me - rustic, kind of simple, but yet complex. That's the way I was born. Oh, strawberries, fresh from Florida. Cupcakes are for children, but I like strawberries. Today I'm making a strawberry cupcake with some pepper jelly filling and a chipotle cream cheese frosting. How tastier can it get? Throwing in some strawberries, give it some good color and some good sweetness. I get a simple cake sponge batter mixed up. I'm pouring all these chunks of strawberries in there that are nature's candy. Look at my man Forrest scooping his cupcakes using an ice cream scooper. Skills. Ice cream scoop, it's so great. You can portion it out easily. Boom, boom, there's no mess. That's a professional. Except for it's the size of a thumbnail. He did one scoop per cupcake, which is not typically enough batter. I would have done 1 1/2 scoops, because if the cake doesn't come up above the liners, it's a mess for me. Faker. No, he's not. Yes, he is. He's a genius. He's a faker genius. He's a genius. He's a fa-genius. That sounded rude. [ Laughs ] I got my own thing going. BUDDY: Amie, how you doing over there? AMIE: Just perfect. I am very driven, competitive. I am big into health. My style of baking is secretly healthy. I sneak healthier ingredients like peaches into my baking, but nobody can tell the differences. Get in there. I want to win because I want to prove to my stepkids that it is possible to bake healthy and have it taste good. I'm trying to win for them. There were go. I'm making a spicy bacon peach cupcake with a cream cheese frosting and red pepper jelly inside. Knife. I'm going to make my frosting healthy by eliminating half the butter in the recipe and instead replacing it with fat-free Greek yogurt. Nobody's going to know it's low-fat. BUDDY: Amie's adding Greek yogurt to her icing instead of butter. That's a perfect way to substitute for fats. It's not what you think of every day, the combination, but it does work. If you can do it right, it's beautiful. AMIE: Jelly. Can't forget this. Red pepper jelly is just like any regular jelly except it has a nice bit of heat. In goes the pepper jelly. It's not too sweet and not too hot. It's just right for the sweet cream cheese. Love how you can see the red pepper in it. This is my famous cream cheese frosting. Oh, my goodness. I may be the youngest... Looks good to me. But my competitors shouldn't underestimate me. FORREST: Hey, Goldilocks. Have you got an Easy-Bake Oven down there? [ Laughter ] When I hear that we have to make a cupcake, I'm excited, but I never use spicy food when it comes to baking. Oh, my goodness. I believe in myself. My baking style is classic French with a twist. I've used all my nana's old recipes, but because I'm young, I like to put a new, unique, fresh twist on them. That's good now. I'm going to make chocolate cupcakes with ancho chili powder. My nana would never put ancho chili in a cupcake because it's very spicy, but I think that the chocolate will kind of mellow it out a little bit. Oh, my goodness. I'm making a huge mess. I think that Courtney's looking a little bit like a lost lamb in the kitchen. I think she's a faker. You never judge a book by its cover. I think the chocolate is key here. You get that even keel, heat to sweet, like Mexican hot chocolate, that's exactly what you're looking for. Mm-hmm. Definitely a baker. But she seems a bit flustered, a bit lost. COURTNEY: I hope this wasn't a bad idea. I want to make sure that the ancho powder is not too overwhelming. I do not like spicy food. This is a disaster. I have to keep telling myself to breathe. All right, I really hope this is going to work. Damaris, who are the bakers? DAMARIS: Courtney because of her ancho with chocolate. So smart. That's a baker. And... It's impossible to tell. It's all going to come down to how it tastes. Lorraine, what do you think? I must say, everyone here's doing a really good job and we are really splitting hairs, but I think I'm going to have to go with Bert. Why? Because Bert has taken these classic Louisiana flavors - the pecans and brown butter. I think the flavors will work together very well. Love that. Bert is a baker, and I'll tell you why. When he said that his grandmother told him the way - [ Crashing, clanging ] Oh! Uh-oh. That was him. That was him. Wasn't me. BUDDY: See? I was right. It was a sign from God. Carnage in the kitchen. Take up the heat just a little bit more. Whoo! Are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... Oh! No way! What are you doing over there? "Prah-leen." It's not "pray-leen"? It's not "pray-leen," no. Louisiana folks, we say "prah-leen." BERT: I have my cupcakes in the oven. Now I can focus on actually getting my pecans spiced for my praline. Ancho in there. A praline is baked caramel spiced pecans. I hope you say "pah-cans." It's not "pee-can," right? A pee can is what you go to use the bathroom in. [ Record needle scratches ] [ Laughs ] BERT: All right, guys, we got some spiced pecans! If you're not worried, you should be. Now it's time to make my ancho chili frosting. Take up the heat just a little bit more, guys. I add 4 tablespoons. If you can't take the heat, get out the kitchen, baby. Buddy, I warned you. LORRAINE: Look how much ancho powder Bert is putting into his frosting. It's going to be way too overpowering. Total faker move. And gritty. Mistake. How we looking over here? I'm checking my cupcakes because I don't want them to overcook, but I don't want them to be undercooked, either. Let's look at Bert's cupcakes. DAMARIS: I don't know why he keeps taking them out and pushing them down like that. He only needs to touch one, so that's a faker move. The oven door is still open, y'all. No, it's not. Yes, it is. It's going to take ten minutes to heat back up to its original temperature. Capital F Faker. All right, this is good. Who wants to lick the bowl? Me, me, me! [ Laughs ] FORREST: Oh, let's see. As long as this oven don't let me down, I won't let you down. Before those cupcakes come out, I need to make some filling. It ain't easy being cheesy. I take some cream cheese and some sugar and some pepper jelly. It's just sweet paired with heat. Next, I need to make some frosting. I'm adding chipotle pepper because the savoriness is going to pair very well with the beautiful strawberries. This cupcake is going to be pure popping with flavor. Forrest's frosting looks absolutely delicious. It looks smooth and luscious. I love the addition of the fresh fruit. It can balance out nicely with that hot chili. This is fantastic-looking, Forrest. It's getting quiet down there. Yeah. My healthy cream cheese frosting is finished. Everything's better with bacon. Next I decide to use bacon so I have protein and a savory flavor in my batter. COURTNEY: Oh, my gosh, she's using bacon? I'm losing. I need to get the bacon extra crispy, and then I need to incorporate it into my batter. BUDDY: There's a lot of flavors in Amie's kitchen. I love the combinations of the peaches and the bacon. I think it's fantastic. A baker would be able to just mix the balance of the sweet, the heat, and get a bit of savory, too. And it's that beautiful symphony of flavors that really is going to work. Baker, for sure. AMIE: I need to make sure I get bacon in every cupcake. Cupcakes in! If I lose, my stepkids are never going to let me hear the end of it. You guys better move. Five minutes left. COURTNEY: While the cupcakes are in the oven, I'm making a classic cream cheese frosting. Cream cheese will help cool down the spicy ancho I have going on in the cupcake. And now... where's vanilla? My nana uses vanilla extract in her cream cheese frosting, but I find that vanilla bean paste tastes a lot better and it is like the purest form you can get it. Doing all right, Goldilocks? I'm not Goldilocks, stop. Come on, Goldilocks. My nana sparked my interest in baking when I was three years old, and I'm still baking with her to this day. We gossip while we bake together. I definitely aspire to be like my nana when I grow up, just maybe not as feisty as she is. I want to win for my grandma today. That should be enough. Two minutes, guys! I want to ask you guys now. This deep in the competition, who are the bakers and who are the fakers? Lorraine. My two bakers are Forrest and Amie. Why? I just changed. I think Bert was doing so well and the wheels have fallen off. Like, he's opening the oven, touching them, touching them, leaving the oven open. That's not what a baker does. But then I look over and see Forrest. He's very relaxed. He's making the most beautiful frosting with fresh strawberries, delicious. What about Amie? Amie has a strong command of the kitchen the way she's putting it all together. Her cupcakes will have a multi-layered flavor to it. Damaris? My two bakers are Amie and Courtney because Courtney's cupcake, it's professional to me because it's so artistic. Amie, smart the way she's filling it, using that tip to pierce through. LORRAINE: What's happening now? Are we getting the frosting from Amie? Oh, look at that, look at that, look at that. Whoo-hoo. Whoo! Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, Oh, my God. four, three, two, one! Stop your work. Step away from the benches. Good job, guys. Stop your cupcakes. BERT: I may have used a bit more ancho chili than I needed to, so hopefully it's not going to overpower everything and my flavors are really balanced. My fingers are crossed. FORREST: I ain't really worried about losing. My cupcake along with my rugged good looks and charm, they can't resist. BUDDY: Okay, bakers and fakers. I gave you 45 minutes to make delicious cupcakes incorporating hot peppers. It's time to face the judges. Whoever made the judges' least favorite cupcakes will be going home. Bring on the cupcakes! Bert, why don't you tell us about your cupcake? I have a brown butter praline cupcake with ancho chilling icing. I used the ancho chili powder in the cupcake, in the icing, and on the spiced pecans as well, so I hope it's not too spicy. DAMARIS: Bert, I like a lot of what's happening with this cupcake. It is ancho-forward. It's a little bit spicy, but your icing pairs really well with the savory spices in this cake. Hey, Bert. You've been busy, haven't you? Hey, yes. LORRAINE: Brown butter, fantastic idea to put that in. Wonderfully caramelized flavor. I would say the cupcake is a teeny tiny bit dry, teensy weensy. Okay. I saw you checking and double checking and triple checking. Okay. But I think overall, this is a success. Well, thank you. Still got some heat there in my mouth, which is nice. BUDDY: So, Amie, tell us about your cupcake. I made a peach and bacon cupcake with a pepper jelly frosting. I used the red pepper jelly to fill the middle of the cupcake as well as mix it in to the frosting. Mm. I think there's a lot going on here. [ Laughter ] I just think it's too savory and it's missing some sweetness. The bacon is a little bit dark. Some of it got a little bit too crispy. Yeah, so I'm getting a slightly bitter taste, which is ruining that beautiful peach flavor. Amie, this cupcake feels like a complete dessert to me. Sometimes cupcakes feel a little bit childish. This feels like a grown-up cupcake, like a kind of a sexy cupcake. I like that. Love the texture of the icing. It's luscious. But I'm not getting a strong peach flavor, which is fine, because the flavor I am getting is that delicious pepper jelly, which is think is a brilliant choice. I like the savory aspect. Thank you. Courtney, tell us what you prepared for us today. I made a chocolate ancho cupcake with a pepper jelly filling and a cream cheese frosting. I used a little bit of ancho powder in the chocolate cupcake. Cream cheese frosting is delicious. Thank you. I'm so pleased you used vanilla bean. Vanilla bean paste. Yeah, it makes such a difference, and it's great to see the little black flecks in there, too. My favorite. You have a delicious sponge. What you need, though, is more chili. 'Cause there's a wonderful combination of chocolate and chili. It's, you know, perfect pairing, but I just wished you'd put more in. I mean, I'm not getting the heat in the cake. It's not really satisfying that portion of the challenge, but aesthetically, your cupcake is the most pleasing to me. It looks elegant and elevated. This is very, very well done for me, Courtney. Thank you. Forrest, tell us about your cupcake. Well, what I prepared is a fresh from Florida strawberry cupcake with a chipotle strawberry icing. I chopped up some chipotle and put them in the cream cheese icing, and I also have some pepper jelly that I popped down into the center of the cupcake. So, Forrest, this is a absolutely delicious strawberry cupcake. I love these little moist bursts of the strawberry that are also pretty fresh and bright inside of the cake itself. I'm missing the heat, though. It's in there. You were just enjoying the cupcake too much, you overlooked the pepper jelly. That must have been what it was. Well, I'm getting the heat, and even though I'm not loving the jelly, the balance of the heat along with the frosting is just perfect, so I think there were parts of the cupcake that were great, but other parts really did need more work. Thank you very much. BUDDY: All right, bakers and fakers, you all did a great job, but now it's time for our judges to deliberate, so please give us a second. FORREST: That didn't make me feel too confident. I'm nervous. I don't think the judges liked my cupcake. Bakers and fakers, I gave you 45 minutes to make cupcakes incorporating hot peppers. You've already faced the judges. Now it's time to learn the winner of the first round and to find out who is going home. Damaris. The winner of the first round is... Forrest. BUDDY: Ooh! Forrest. Thank you. FORREST: I won. [ Laughs ] It feels mighty good to win. Your cupcake was so light and so fluffy and you had just a subtle amount of spice, which meant it didn't overpower the fruit. Well done. Congratulations, sir. Thank you. Our second-favorite cupcake was made by... Courtney. Oh. BUDDY: Yay! Okay, thank you. BUDDY: Good job, Courtney, you're safe. [ Forrest laughs ] Good job. Thank you. Okay, judges, we're down to two cupcakes you liked the least, but Damaris, please, tell us who's moving on to Round 2. Bert. Great job. Unfortunately, Amie, that means you're going home. But tell us, are you a baker or are you a faker? I am a... Faker. BUDDY: Oh! Oh, no way! You fooled me. Yeah. What do you do for a living? I am a competitive bodybuilder. Whoa! What? Get outta here. That is awesome. Are you allowed to even eat cupcakes? Most of the time, yes. Every day, I am training people to become healthier... Come on, two more. You can do it. While also training for my own bodybuilding competitions. Last year, I competed against 200 women and placed second. I plan on continuing to train clients but at the same time develop my secretly healthy foods. My clients and my stepkids love my baking, and the only time they know that it's healthy is if they ask for the ingredients. Sometimes I'll tell them. Actually, I don't know if you know, but I work out a lot. It's like one, two, three. [ Laughter ] AMIE: I came here to prove that you can have baked goods and have them be healthy, and regardless of the judges' decision, I think I did that. Hello, bakers and faker. Hello, Buddy. Who is who? Well, we're going to find out shortly, because I'm going to give you guys the freedom to bake whatever you'd like right now. All right. Okay. There's only one little "but." You must incorporate... Oh, no. Uh-oh. School snacks! Okay. [ Laughter ] Oh, wow. Oh, my goodness. BERT: Oh, my goodness. School snacks? We got carrot sticks, applesauce, raisins. Nature's candy. Of course, chocolate milk. And fruit rolls. COURTNEY: I think using fruit rolls might be difficult because they tend to be a little gummy. These are the healthy snacks in school. [ Laughs ] I'm going to give you guys 45 minutes to bake your best dish using at least one of these school snacks. This is a winner-take-all competition. [ Exhales ] You guys ready? I was born ready. Oh, I like that enthusiasm. All right, let's bake! All right, guys, what do you think? We have two bakers and one faker out there. How are we going to be able to tell the difference with school snacks? I think a pro is going to take their chocolate milk and use it instead of the regular liquid in the recipe, like making a chocolate pastry cream or using it in a dough. What about the fruit rolls? A baker is going to dissolve it down. That can be a beautiful glaze for the top of a tart. So how are we going to spot the fakers? A faker is going to choose carrot and make almost like a carrot cake. Oh, God. Snoozefest. When you have carrot and carrot cake, it's cooked, so it's softened. You're putting it right into the batter, it might be too crisp and hard. What are they going to make? FORREST: Come on, bring it on, big boy. I won Round 1 with my rustic, simple food, so I'm going to do the same thing with these school snacks. Bring it on, Goldilocks. Oh, I'm bringing it this round. Bring it. The school snacks are going to be easy. I drink chocolate milk all the time. I'm going to make a chocolate cherry cobbler. Everybody's quiet this go-round, huh? FORREST: Hey, this means money. I've cooked a lot of cobblers. This was my mama's cobbler recipe, and in my batter, I use flour, butter, and milk, but I'm using the chocolate milk to replace the regular milk. Get some cherries in there. All the food is coming together. I'm becoming one with the cobbler. Next, I grab me some chocolate, get it on the stove top. LORRAINE: See, that's very baker to do that, the double boiler, right? Absolutely, that's a pro move. He didn't just put it in a pan over the stove, which is going to make sure that the chocolate doesn't burn. Somebody at home might not know to do that. He looks as if he knows exactly what he's doing. FORREST: Next I grab some chocolate milk for my batter, add it to the flour. Come on, now, get together. I get this batter mixed up and I pour it on some ramekins because they're smaller, so it's going to bake in the 45-minute timeframe. See y'all in a little bit. BERT: All right, Forrest, we're back again, brother. Come on. Round 1, I did not like being in the bottom two. Am I a little shaken by my competition? No. Am I shaken by the judges? Yeah. [ Laughs ] Oh, come on. I'm making a carrot cake beignet. A beignet is fried dough with confectioner's sugar. It's the first thing I think of when I think New Orleans. Mm-hmm. So this whole dish is all about me. I hope I can hit it, man. The first thing I need to do is make the dough. I don't have nearly enough time for it to rise, so I got to get my yeast warmed up, help it bloom a little faster. DAMARIS: Bert needs to double that yeast to be able to get the rise that he needs in this amount of time. LORRAINE: Even though what he's doing does seem quite difficult with the time that he has, doing his beignets with the carrot filling, he's looking much more commanding this time, and that's very baker to me. I need to really play up these carrot flavors, and the only way I'm going to do that is by putting it in the dough. This is probably the dumbest idea to scoop this out with a spatula. I've never made a beignet with carrots inside. I don't really know how I'm going to do this, but I'm going to try. I got my dough done. All right, I'm bringing y'all home to N'awlins. I'm rolling it out. All soft and sweet over here. Now I've got to let it sit and rise as much as it can and then I can focus on my feeling. Cream cheese. I add a little bit of the carrots and the raisins, and I need some tang in there, so I add a little bit of the applesauce. Applesauce and cream cheese. Aaah! I feel like Bert is going to make the same mistake that he made last time with his icing. The texture with the ancho powder was not awesome. Okay. I feel like adding applesauce to his filling right now is going to make it a little bit mushy. Maybe he's just a super pro baker and he knows better than all of us. I think we are ready. I have a very large family, three kids under the age of 10. Whatever we have in the kitchen, we're going to use, so, man, would I love that money. I came to win. I went easy on you the first round. I've been in school more recently than these two guys, so I'm pretty sure I've got a leg up on them. FORREST: Goldilocks, what are you making over there, porridge? Other people would describe me as a little sweet. You making porridge, ain't you? But I definitely have a spicy side. Do you guys even remember what school snacks taste like, or has it been that long? Goldilocks is taking some smack. That was uncalled for, Goldilocks. [ Laughs ] Don't mess with Goldilocks. All right. My nana has definitely given me the tools to make classic French desserts, so I'm making a Napoleon with a port fruit roll reduction. A Napoleon is a dessert that layers puff pastry and pastry cream. ♪ All right ♪ The first thing I have to do is prepare the puff pastry so I can get it in the oven. It looks like Courtney's going to bake those off so that it's nice and crispy, so I think that she's going to do something like a Napoleon, and that's super smart, because knowing how to use puff pastry and get a good product from it is absolutely a baker move. Napoleon. COURTNEY: Now that the pastry's in the oven, I start on my pastry cream. A standard pastry cream has heavy cream, but I think that I can use the chocolate milk and make something amazing. Here we go. All right, I'm going to get it cooling. So Courtney just made her pastry cream, and now she's put it on a sheet tray and she's spreading it out to cool it down fast. She doesn't want the eggs to overcook. That's absolutely a baker move. COURTNEY: Why won't you cool faster? This pastry cream has to cool down because I need it to thicken. That way, I can layer it between my puff pastry. Oh, you better work. Put it in the freezer? That's what I would do. COURTNEY: If my pastry cream doesn't thicken and cool, I won't be able to finish. Oh, my goodness. COURTNEY: Takes a while for this thing to cool. If this pastry cream doesn't cool down enough, I can't make a Napoleon. I should leave it in. I don't know what to do. I think she wants to get it out now. COURTNEY: I can't wait any longer. I have to take this cream out. I have to move it around so it cools more. DAMARIS: Even if it does go and get a little bit too cold, you can whip it back or stir it back, and that's better than having warm pastry cream. COURTNEY: That's really good. Bring it. Once I get the batter going in the oven, I've got to get to work on some topping for the cobbler. I'm going to take cherries that are naturally sweet, some sugar, and I'm going to make a nice sauce. I'm using two different kinds of cherries because each one of them has a different flavor profile and I think they're going to work real well with the chocolate. This is a nice, rustic, stick-to-your-ribs dish. LORRAINE: The cherry sauce, it looks really professional. I love that Forrest decided to use two different types of cherry. Maraschino cherries and he used a fresh cherry. A baker knows that jarred fruit is going to taste different than fresh fruit, but sometimes a jar is what you need in 45 minutes. Oh, yeah. Using the ingredients that are ready-made correctly screams baker to me. Taste that. Here, taste that. Taste that cherry. Bam, huh? Bam. Yeah, that's delicious. Not better than mine, but you know, it's delicious. FORREST: My opponents, they're doing some really complicated stuff. I'm doing a very simple recipe, but I've got confidence in it. I think it's going to win. What is Forrest whisking there? Forrest, what are you whisking? Whipped cream. Is that a baker move? Yes. Is that dumb because he should be using a mixer? No, he's not doing like gallons. He's just doing a little bit in a little bowl. It's fine. He's obviously got the time. BUDDY: It's soft, loose. I think it's going to be flopped all over. FORREST: Any time now. Stiffen up. Moment of truth, I pull the ramekins out of the oven. The textures of the sponge on top, the fruit, it's all come together. I think I'm really going to impress the judges. All right. My dough is rising nicely, it's ready, and now it's time to fill those babies up. All righty. I'm a little afraid because my filling is very loose. I think it's going to start oozing out before I can even close the dough up, so I'm keeping my fingers crossed that this is going to work. I didn't realize that Bert was going to fill and then fry. It is a very clever way of doing it. It's just a question of making sure that that oil is super hot. BUDDY: Do you think that the pastry is going to separate from itself and open? Yeah, when you're frying anything, you don't want to be adding moisture, 'cause moisture turns to steam and steam expands. Yep, yep. So by adding the applesauce, he added all that moisture to the filling, and it's going to want to burst open. Faker move. BERT: Let's hope this works. It's fry time. I don't know if it's actually going to fall apart as I put it in there. See how we're looking. Yeah, there we go. It's looking good. Perfect. The last step, sugar 'em. Normally we toss 'em in a bag, but I want them to have the full powder experience, so I'm going to dip them. Oh. No, no, no! Oh, Bert's beignets are falling apart. They're tearing. The filling started dripping out. It's making me sad a little bit. BERT: I think it's going to be okay. I love these things. The pastry's in the oven and the pastry cream has cooled, so now I'm making a port fruit roll reduction that will act as a dipping sauce. Oh, yeah. I'm going to melt the fruit rolls in a pan and add some port wine to it. I chose port wine because it has a lot of sugar in it, so I know it's going to reduce down well. Chocolate and port wine are a classic combination. That ain't "fruit roll, chocolate, and port wine." Yeah, but the one fruit roll with the port wine, all that's going to add is that little bit of sugar that you do when you reduce down a port wine. You don't know if it's going to melt, is it going to get like Jell-o or rubber at the end? Lumpy. COURTNEY: Oh, this smells good. Courtney! How we doing? Hey, how's it going? Going good. How's your reduction coming along? It's cooling. I might add some more of the liquid. What do you think? I think it tastes like a fruit roll. COURTNEY: Oh, my gosh. Consistency is no good. BUDDY: Exactly what I suspected from Courtney's reduction. It's like a gummy disaster. There's preservatives and junk in there. COURTNEY: One, two, three. These have to be three layers. Baking, you have to be very, very precise, and I'm a perfectionist. [ Sighs ] So I'm very nervous while I build my napoleon. It could fall down, it could slide. So many things can go wrong. I don't like that. Aah! BUDDY: Two minutes left! Going to try to knock me down, huh? Aah! It's crazy here, right? It is. It's madness, madness. We're almost at the end here. Who are your two bakers? Courtney and Bert. Courtney is stacking up her Napoleons, which all fits nicely. She's taking her time to do that, which I like. Very baker. And Bert's beignets, it's quite clever to be able to pull that off, very ambitious, so to me it says baker. Damaris, who are your two bakers? Forrest and Courtney. Courtney, to deconstruct a Napoleon, to take a classic dish, and then using the ingredients that she got, the chocolate milk and the fruit rolls, and reinventing the Napoleon? It works for me. And Forrest has command of the kitchen. His cobbler is looking absolutely delicious with two types of cherries. Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one! Okay, stop your work! [ Laughs ] I brought a pretty good dish. Win-worthy, but I don't know, it's still anybody's game. I'm really proud of my dish. I think my nana would love this Napoleon that I made. I hope the judges are going to like it, too. FORREST: I know that my dish tastes the best. Them judges are fixing to getting to eat something good. Are you a baker or a faker? I love this part. I... am... a... ALL: Oh! I knew it! Bakers and faker, I gave you 45 minutes to create any dessert you want using school snacks. All the dishes look great, but only one will win the cash. So, Forrest, what did you make for us? Well, today, I prepared a chocolate cherry cobbler. BUDDY: So how did you use the school snacks? I used the chocolate milk in replacement of the milk in my batter. DAMARIS: Forrest, this cobbler is insanely good-smelling. It is sugary and buttery and it kind of punches you in the face. I love that. I notice the chocolate milk, it's a very subtle flavor, but it's absolutely there. But for me, the whipped cream is a miss. Right. Because it's kind of thin, it's almost cooked onto the top of this cobbler. Yeah. If I had had like a pile of whipped cream that then started to melt, I would have loved that. Okay. I loved the batter. It's really gooey inside. On the outside, it's crispy, and then you get that caramelization. You get the flavor of the chocolate coming through. I got quite a lot of chocolate, you know, which is surprising, 'cause you used the chocolate milk. You used two different types of cherries. They've got amazing flavor. But the cherry sauce was ruined a little bit by the cream you put on top, and what happened is it's got a bit thick. I call it gluggy. It doesn't look like free flowing and it doesn't have that rich color. Right. Bert, what do you got for us? BERT: Carrot cake beignets. I used the carrot sticks in the actual batter of the beignets as well as on the inside, and then the raisins and applesauce are in the filling. LORRAINE: I thought what you did with the filling was fantastic. I was worried it was going to be too grainy, but I'm getting a smooth texture, which is wonderful. Thank you. I think there's too much powdered sugar on there, so here I have like a paste. I mean, I like sugar. Hey, I eat it. [ Laughs ] But it's probably not you wanted to put more than a thin layer. I love beignets. Your dough is phenomenal tasting. Thank you. It rose nicely. Around the edges, it's nice and crispy. For me, I think that the miss was really your applesauce and cream cheese filling. Your flavors compete against each other. Courtney, what'd you make for us? I made for you a chocolate milk Napoleon with a port fruit roll reduction. I used chocolate milk in my cream in the Napoleon and then I used the fruit roll in the reduction. I thought you did an excellent job with your pastry, the way you assembled it. It didn't rise too much. You put your powdered sugar on top, which was fantastic, and your piping was beautiful. Thank you. I liked the texture of your cream. Thank you. It's smooth, it's silky. I just would have loved to have seen more chocolate. More chocolate in my chocolate milk cream. Courtney, this is delicious. Cutting into it, it is assembled correctly. The reduction still has a little bit of that fruit roll texture. Right. It's a little aggressively acidic. Okay. You could have thinned it just a little bit with water or something so it paired a little bit better with the gentle chocolate milk flavor, but I love the choice of port wine and chocolate. Those for me are really classic combinations. I think that you chose a berry fruit roll to kind of punch up that port wine flavor, and that was super smart, very nicely done. Thank you. Thank you, Courtney, and great job, everyone. Now comes the hard part. The judges need to deliberate. The judges are calling me out on my port fruit roll reduction. It was too gummy. I really hope that I still have the chance to win. FORREST: Bert and Courtney used multiple secret ingredients in their dishes. That worries me a little bit, but I've still got confidence in the taste of my cobbler. I was born to bake. Ladies, do you have your decision? Yeah. Indeed we do. Judges have a decision, guys. But before I reveal who the winner is, would you reveal who you are to us? I love this part. Courtney, are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... Courtney, are you a baker or a faker? I am a... Aah. Baker. Oh! Yeah! I knew it! BUDDY: Uh-huh. Courtney, where are you a baker? I'm a Pastry Chef at Sugar Sugar Custom Cakes in Quogue, New York. Nice. Awesome. Growing up, I think I always just wanted to be in the kitchen baking. I went to pastry school right after high school, and now I work at Sugar Sugar Custom Cakes. I like that there. I love being a pastry chef because I grew up baking with my nana, and now I get to do it every day. Hi, welcome to Sugar Sugar. I get to make people happy with the things that I bake. It's a dream come true. All right, so we've got one baker and one faker left. [ Laughter ] Forrest, I need to know. Are you a baker or a faker? Well, Buddy, I am a... Faker! ALL: Oh! No way! Forrest! You had me faked! I knew it! [ Laughs ] Tell us, Forrest, what do you do for a living? I'm an agricultural engineer. Whoa. Agricultural engineer. I work with farmers, ranchers, landowners. I help them out with environmental concerns. I spend a good bit of my time outside. It's where I love cooking. Put a four-pound bag in each one of 'em. I like to do it out there with coals on the bottom, coals on the top. We're going to make some peach cobbler today. I cook for crowds. I like to just blow everybody's mind when I pull the lid off the pot. Cobbler? Yeah. I see the smile on somebody's face, it just makes my day. Damn good. BUDDY: Bert, I guess we know what you are, but for the record, are you a baker or a faker? I am a baker. Oh. Where are you a baker? I'm actually chef and owner of Studio B Bakery and Bistro in Lawrenceville, New Jersey. Ooh. Awesome. My bakery is definitely bringing a little bit of New Orleans flair to New Jersey. I share a piece of me and my family in my food. That's where I get my joy. Welcome to Studio B Bakery and Bistro. I love owning my own bakery. I get to experience people tasting the cakes and pastries and beignets, sharing with others, and it is true self-satisfaction to be a part of their experience in my place. Now that we know who the bakers and the faker is, it's time to let you know who is going to win the cash. Aah! BUDDY: Bert and Courtney, if either of you win, you will take home $10,000. Forrest, if you're the winner, you're taking home $15,000. Woo! And the winner is... Drama. Courtney! Oh, my God! [ Applause ] I'm crying! BUDDY: Congratulations. I'm crying. [ Laughter ] You won $10,000! That's so awesome. You really impressed us with your aesthetics, with all the little techniques. Your dish was delicious. Thank you. It was really, really delightful, and you were smart about using the ingredients. Thank you so much. My chef is going to be so impressed. My nana's probably going to be crying from happiness that I won. She's my best friend. You took out some great competition, I really did. so you should be proud. Good job, guys, really. Yes, good job. Great job. Maybe now I'll be able to pass recipes on to my nana. You're a shining bright star in the pastry world, up and coming. Thank you! Great job, congratulations. LORRAINE: Nice job! Awesome. Thank you. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 