Bakers vs. Fakers: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bakers vs. Fakers 
 s1e4 - Say Cheese - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bakers vs. Fakers (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Say Cheese - full transcript 
 Fruit cobblers with cheese in the round one; rice dishes in round two; Alex Guarnaschelli and Paulette Goto judge. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Sean, from Redondo Beach, California, and I am a professional baker. I'm Sherry, from Morgantown, West Virginia, and I'm a professional baker. I'm Maribelle, from San Diego, and I am a professional baker. I'm Louis, from Philadelphia, and I am a professional baker. [ Suspenseful music plays ] Hang on! The fun is about to begin. Four bakers are here to do battle. Golden-brown delicious. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Two are amazing amateurs. Do I look like I need help? Hey, have you got an Easy-Bake Oven down there? And two are professionals. Lovely. Out of this world. But only they know their true identities. Their mission? Just winnin' a bunch of money. Outbake the competition. If a professional baker wins, they take home $10,000. That sounds fancy. But if an amateur is able to fake out the judges... I didn't wanna stop eating it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're a baker. And take down the pros, - Pssh! Pssh! they walk away with 15 grand! - Wow! - [Gasp] Bada-bing, bada-boom. Are you a baker or a faker? - I... - Am... A... [ Suspenseful music climbs ] BOTH: Ohhhhh! - Aah! - Yes! BUDDY: How can you do this to me? Welcome to "Bakers vs. Fakers." - Whoo! - LOUIS: It's happening. - Thank you. - There are two rounds of competition. Round 1 is my choice. And, today, you will be baking... [ Suspenseful music climbs ] Cobbler! Easy, easy. Easy! I like to hear that. Easy. I am so excited about making cobbler. I like doing classic dishes like that with little twists. But it does take a real pro to make a great cobbler using... [ Suspenseful music climbs ] Cheese! - SEAN: Cheese? Ah! [laughs] [Whimsical tune plays] We have cheddar, ricotta, Parmigiano, goat, and brie. I adore all cheeses and ricotta is a go-to for me. But it's a risky cheese because it's a lot of moisture. BUDDY: At the end of the round, the baker that makes the judges' least favorite cobbler is goin' home. 45 minutes on the clock. Let's bake! [ Suspenseful music plays ] Whoo! There's so many different ways and interpretations of cobbler. What do you think cobbler is? Cobbler is really a great American classic, usually sweet, with fruit, baked with some kind of batter or biscuit topping. Warm, gooey, fruity, loving dessert. It's so full of love, it almost loves ya right back as you eat it. SEAN: Come on, come on, come on. - But the trick here is to incorporate cheese. Seeing what ingredients are out there with the cheese, what would a baker pick? To me, a true baker would really make a good pairing between the fruit and the cheese. That will separate the fakers from the bakers, who can really incorporate the cheese and some really interesting spices into their cobbler, but still have it taste like a delicious dessert. I think the cheese, integrated into biscuit dough for the topping, that's something a true baker would do. - Exactly. - Gotta get it done. I've been baking since I was knee-high to a grasshopper with my mom in the kitchen. Gonna start with the blueberries. Gonna get those going and then I'm gonna go through my biscuits. My family would describe me as crazy, loud. [laughing] Holy hell. I would say my baking style is oldschool with a modern flair. So I like to take the old hand-me-down recipes and make 'em my own. I'm making a blueberry cobbler with a ricotta-cheese biscuit and goat-cheese whipped cream because it reminds me of French toast that my mom used to make. She used to stuff it with goat cheese. I need to get my berries going because they need to cook down a little bit to get the right consistency. I'm gonna add cornstarch, thicken it up, and that should be good to go. I'm gonna work hard to get those berries just the way I like 'em. I don't want 'em to be too soft. I like the way Sherry is cooking her berries. Blueberries have a lot of pectin, which is the natural thickening property of a lot of fruits. And when you cook those fruits, you get that wonderful, natural thickness that just makes a cobbler a cobbler. Sherry is a baker. But you can learn a lot of these pro moves in many publications and TV shows. - Ohhhhh. Awesome, and that thickened up real beautiful. I'm happy where I am, so far. LOUIS: Guys doin' okay over there? It smells like fear. I describe myself as being very outspoken. What are you creepin' for? Creeper! You either love or you hate Louis. Look at that. My influence definitely comes from having a really great Italian background and I'm thinking the things that you can do with the spices, like tarragon, black pepper; and the goat cheese. And I totally have this dish in my head. So I'm making an apple-blueberry cobbler with goat-cheese biscuit and black-pepper cream. One more apple. Look at Louis peelin' the apples. I think that's got a home-baker energy. The way he's just sorta doing those short, disjointed peeling motions looks like a faker. Yeah, but his apples are cut thin, so that there's that balance of crisp versus soft. LOUIS: I wanna get the blueberries and the apple on the stove. Look at this! Those berries! So happy. The blueberries will soften up, sweeten. You're getting like a nice bite to the apple. It's like falling snow. Nice tartness from the zest. Yeah! I'm concerned about you. Let's go-o-o! I have a lot of Filipino influence. But mostly, I consider myself a new-age, magical baker. I'm putting a little bit of magic into my food. I put all of my energy into a big light in my body and then I just kind of push it right into my baking. Crazy is passion and passion is baking. Nice! [ Laughs ] Today, I'm making a strawberry and brie cobbler with a pistachio biscuit topping and lavender cream. I'm adding sugar and cornstarch so that the juices from the strawberries are able to thicken up a little bit. Got my strawberries macerating right now. I'm really thinking that the tartness of strawberries with cheese, that's gonna go well. So I'm gonna incorporate the cheese by using cream cheese and brie into the strawberries. Brie has a little bit of a bitterness to it when it's cold, but when you melt it, it makes it a lot more creamy and sweet. I don't really think that a baker would risk cooking brie that long. Because if you have those inner pieces of brie, they can get really rubbery when you bake them and then let 'em cool. - PAULETTE: Yeah. ALEX: I just don't think that's the smartest cheese choice. It's a real faker move to me. I got all the magic on my side over here. [ Suspenseful music plays ] I think you're missin' a couple ingredients. I'm here to send other people home. I'm not losin'. I like to call myself the cake bartender. Whatever you order at the bar, I can cake it. Caramelize my peaches a little bit. So I'm gonna make drunken peach cobbler. My concern is time, so I'm going to be using canned peaches. Y'all need a drink? Adding some peach rum, peach whiskey, peach vodka to it. SHERRY: Are you doin' shots over there? Yeah. - [Laughs] To me, they're grown-folk extracts. They highlight the flavors nicely in the cobbler. People like my cakes because they get a buzz. Now, I am a thirsty girl. I like the liquor. But it should complement. It shouldn't overpower it. Canned fruit and all that liquor? It's gonna be mush. Definitely Sean has my strongest vote for the faker, so far. I agree. I couldn't agree more. SEAN: Come on, pie. Come on, pie shell. Let's dance. What do we think about Sean using premade pie dough? It's almost like he's taking moves he's seen on some cooking shows and implementing them here today. I think that, if Sean has another plan for some of that time, for example, is he gonna make a really cool whipped cream or find a cool way to integrate the cheese? I'd cosign with that. I think Sean's a baker. SEAN: About to go in the oven. I'd bet the keys to the car on that one. - Whoo! - That Sean's not a baker. Taking the express bus with the pie dough and some canned fruit is someone who bakes so much that they're like "You know what? I can get the taste with whatever." If you're gonna prove that you're the real baker, I'd be makin' everything. He's gotta be the faker. Sean is a baker. Period. No. [patting island] Sean is not a baker. Everybody, settle down. Sean's a baker. Moving on. - [Laughs] You runnin' out of time! Yeah, you are, with your premade pie crust. Gonna turn it u-u-up! Ooh. Buddy gon' dig that. Are you a baker or a faker? - I... - Am... A... [Suspenseful music climbs] BOTH: Ohhhhh! - Aah! - Yes! [Suspenseful music climbs] [Clunk] ♪♪♪♪ Turnin' my oven up because I know that it needs to be 425. Once those blueberries are done, I can start my ricotta cheese biscuit and goat-cheese whipped cream to top my cobbler. Usin' 1 cup of this ricotta. Ricotta is a very wet cheese. I'm hoping that the moistness plays well with the dryness of the biscuits and they match well together. I got this goin'. It's important that biscuit dough isn't overworked and, when you feel it with your own hands, rather than a mixer, you know exactly what you got. I think that Sherry might be a baker. I really like the way she's mixed her batter in with her hands. I completely agree. Getting your hands in there and knowing the finesse and like the relationship you have with the dough is a sign of a real baker. SHERRY: I'm making some goat-cheese whipped cream. Hoping the tartness of the goat cheese plays with the sweetness of the blueberries. When I'm in the kitchen, it's my driven force and it all started with my mom. Family is the most important thing in my life. I have two kids, one in college. Winning this money would be huge. I absolutely do not wanna lose. Oh, that's so good. LOUIS: You guys getting this mad skill that I have? Ooh! I talk smack! The fruit's done, so now it's time to make the biscuit. I'm gonna use cornmeal because I love the texture. It has that nice sandiness. And the flavor that it adds to a dish, it's very American. [laughs] One baker and three fakers. Some of us are actually - [Laughs] - doin' things from scratch. It forms into a beautiful dough. Ooh, I love it! So I'm gonna incorporate the goat cheese into my cobbler dough because I really love the flavor, the complexity, that goat cheese tends to have. It plays off of what it's being put into. What home baker is putting goat cheese into their topping? Because you have to know what you're doing to know that those flavors will balance together. What baker uses tarragon and goat cheese? Louis. And he's chosen those little Crock-Pots and they're really deep and the ratio is gonna be off from the fruit to the crust on top. So maybe Louis is a faker. Ms. Virginia, ya happy? It's in the oven! Good job, you! So, then, I start my black-pepper whipped cream. Whip it up! I like to [snaps fingers] surprise people by adding spices to lift up the dessert. Gonna turn it u-u-up! ALEX: Tell me, is it okay to put pepper in cream? - No. - It seems like a professional level of combination of flavors. To me, that is a baker. Now, we wait! 10 minutes left! - Okay. [Whimsical tune plays] So, the strawberries and brie are done. And I make a biscuit. I'll do some pistachios here. So, I'm adding pistachios into my biscuit because I think it gives just this unique texture and flavor. So Maribelle has not yet gotten anything in the oven. To me, you know what? If you're a baker, you're gettin' your stuff in the oven. - Immediately. - It's about to be. Don't worry about it. My heart is so goin' towards Maribelle. I love the pistachios. It's gonna complement the strawberries and the cheese. I feel like she is a real baker. In the oven. Let's test some of these flours. I feel like I am a flour child. [flower] Some of that lavender. So, I'm going to make a lavender cream on the side. Lavender gives it a more sophisticated flavor and that lightness really helps out with the richness from the cobbler. Mmm, yes. Perfect. 5 minutes left! [ Suspenseful music plays ] LOUIS: Aah! Just burned myself! SHERRY: Oh, and they're coming out! I'm gonna blast it just to cool it off so my whipped cream doesn't melt all over. So check out Sherry. She just made a real faker move. She took her cobblers directly from the oven right into that freezer. It's just gonna turn to soup. But you gotta let that cobbler cool. Ready to come out? Normally, I take about an hour and a half or so to make this dessert, so I had to cut corners to save time by using the premade pie crust. Ah, yes. But when I pulled out my cobbler out of the oven, it was lookin' good. Make the taste buds dance a little bit more than normal. Next, Imma take that cheese and I'm gonna make a brie cream sauce. That's what I'm talkin' about. Brie has the texture of cream cheese, but has a little different tanginess. Ooh. Buddy gon' dig that. My mom used to make peach cobblers when we were growin' up. My passion for baking, it came from when my mom died. I went into depression for about three months and I just found one of her old cookbooks. That's when I started really bakin' more and more. She's the main reason I'm here to win. Period. - 2 minutes left! - I got time. So who are the two bakers, and why? I think Sean and Sherry are the bakers. I like the way Sherry is balancing the tang of goat cheese with sugar in her cream. I think that's gonna be really nice to have a little contrasting flavor on top of her cobbler. Sean, he got his canned peaches and his premade pie dough in the oven and then he worked the brie into butter like a beurre manié. This is why I've been cosigning on Sean the whole time. Paulette, who are your two bakers? Absolutely Maribelle and Louis. - Whoa! - With Maribelle, I am loving this cream- cheese and brie mixture. They're both really creamy cheeses, but the cream cheese, I feel, is gonna kinda like marry well with that brie once it gets inside of there. I think she is the real deal. And Louis, I love goat cheese for a biscuit. I feel a real baker knows his ingredients well enough to know, "You know what? My heavy cream needs some pepper." Aaaah! All right, guys! 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1! Stop your work! Time's up. SEAN: I'm thinkin' the crust, it's amateur, but I just did it to buy time, and I think they're gonna be especially impressed with the brie drizzle. SHERRY: My cobbler is a winner. [Suspenseful music plays] I know my flavors are on. It looks beautiful. I'm confident with it. Bakers and fakers, I gave you 45 minutes to make cobblers using cheese. Now, it's time to face the judges. Remember, at the end of this round, one of you will be going home. BUDDY: So, Sean, what did you make for the judges? I made a drunken peach cobbler with a brie cream sauce. ♪♪♪♪ Love that you went full force with the liquor cabinet. So there were nice little punches of it. I do like how you tucked the crust in. It was very visually appealing, but I was hoping that something was gonna get knocked out of the park and it was just a flavor sizzle. I think that canned peaches have their place, but definitely not in a cobbler. With all these prebought ingredients, there's no reason to keep going back. I think that you did take a lot of risks. To look at those cheeses that you had on that board and pick brie - I would not have picked brie. I say that with admiration. - Thank you. - And then work it into a cream. To me, that really is thinking about the dish as a whole. But you needed to cook that alcohol out. Sherry. What did you make for us? Hi. I made a blueberry cobbler with a ricotta biscuit. ♪♪♪♪ ALEX: In terms of taste, I love the ricotta. In terms of baking chemistry, I'm not crazy about it. So you have to bake the biscuit separately. Because it's a touch steamed and undercooked right where it's touching the fruit. However, filling? Delicious. Awesome. The cheese that you used, how you used it is so flavorful and so present. - Thank you. The thing that I would've liked to have seen a little different is the filling to be a little bit thicker. It is a little bit more on the soupy side. Maribelle. What did you make for us? So, I made here a strawberry-brie cobbler with pistachio biscuit. I used brie and then also put a little bit of cream cheese in there. And then on the side there, you have a lavender cream. The flavors are really good. I love that you mixed the cream cheese in with the brie. Very sophisticated. I love that you chose pistachios. Very complementary to the cheese. But the strawberries were mush. I think it's beautiful. And I think your dough is really great. It has a shortbread energy to it. It's just addictive. - Thank you. And I love the brie. I don't like the cream cheese at all. I think the cream cheese came into town like a heavy hitter and really obscured the fruit. [Suspenseful music plays] - Mm. That said, hats off to your creativity. Louis. What did you make? I made a apple/blueberry/ goat-cheese cobbler. I used goat cheese in the cobbler dough. ♪♪♪♪ I love the taste and texture of your apples and blueberries. Flavorful, they come through nice and strong. And I like that you used cornmeal. It's a really classic mix with blueberry. I was so excited that you chose goat cheese in your dough. There's a lot of flavor goin' in there. The tarragon does come on in and shine. And then your whipped cream. So the black pepper was just kind of lost in it. You chose a vessel that's adorable. But it's deep and the balance between the crust and the fruit is off. Because of your structuring, not 'cause it's not good. This topping to me is gloriously kind of sandy. Like a hybrid between a thumbprint cookie, a biscuit, and cornbread, that I could eat all day long. Thank you all. [Suspenseful music plays] But now comes the hard part. The judges need to deliberate, so please give us a moment. LOUIS: There's always that thing in the back of your mind: whether or not your plate is good enough. So, seeing what I'm up against right now, I definitely am like, "Louis, you could've really plated the game up more." [ Suspenseful outro plays ] [ Clunk ] [Suspenseful music plays] Bakers and fakers, now it's time to find out who won, who's goin' home, and? Who that person really is. Alex. The winner of this round is... [ Suspenseful music climbs ] Louis. BUDDY: Yay-ay-ay-ay! [Applause] Good job, Louis. You took the right amount of risk and you added the right amount of classic and it was just beautiful. Thank you so much. Aaaah! And it only proves little classics with twists are really what people want. Paulette, please tell us who made the second-best cobbler. [ Suspenseful music climbs ] Maribelle. BUDDY: Yay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay! [Applause] Great job, Maribelle. You're safe. [ Outro plays ] Okay, judges. We are down to the two cobblers you liked the least. Alex, please tell us who's moving on to Round 2. [ Suspenseful music climbs ] Sherry. [Upbeat tune plays] [Applause] Unfortunately, Sean, that means you've been eliminated. But before you go, I need to know: Are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... [ Suspenseful music climbs ] Baker. - Ohhhhh! - Ha-ha! - Hoh-hoh-hoh. - All right! - She knew. - You were right. - She knew. - She was right. So, where are you a baker? I'm the cake bartender at Cake Buzz in Redondo Beach, California. I started baking a little more than 10 years ago. What I love about baking is I have the freedom to play. New alcohol comes out, I get to try to do somethin' really crazy with it. I bake with any liquor. Cognacs, rums, vodkas, tequilas, sake, you name it. Mine is rum. - Oh, man. Oh, that's awesome. I just started lookin' around for drink recipes and I started created frostings with those drink recipes. People like my cakes because the frosting is not cooked, so, at Cake Buzz, you get to have your cake and drink it, too. Well, man, you should be very proud of yourself. You represented yourself and your bakery well. Thank you. ♪♪♪♪ [Whimsical tune plays] Hello, baker and fak-ers. [ Laughter ] I'm gonna give you the freedom to bake any dish you like. As long as you include... [ Whimsical-suspenseful tune plays ] Rice! Ha-ha! [ Laughter ] Yes! I am immediately thinking that I wanna show my Filipino culture. So I really wanted to make a dessert and make Filipinos proud. We have wild rice, Arborio rice, leftover Chinese-food restaurant rice - Ew! - puffed rice cereal, and rice pudding. Mmm! Rice doesn't have a great flavor of its own, so I'm hoping that the texture can add something. But I don't want anybody to have a hard piece of rice, you know, chokin' on their dessert. [Whimsical tune plays] You must incorporate at least one of these types of rice in your dish. I'm gonna give you guys 45 minutes. Let's bake! - Aaaah! - Whoo! What do you guys think for rice as a surprise ingredient? It will be very telling to see what rice they choose to separate the fakers from the bakers. There are some real plays on texture that can be made by using two of these things. I bet a faker would take that puffed rice and make like a rice cereal treat. I hope that's not the first thing they go for, to make the obvious choice. But the rice cereal, I think, is great texturally and that leftover rice, you could make that into a cake filling. That's exactly where I would start. You can do so much with leftover rice. Which one would you stay away from? I think that Arborio rice, it's a tough ingredient. Maybe someone could do a dessert risotto. Just doin' a proper risotto on its own is, what, 20 minutes, - Yeah, about 20. - 30 minutes? - PAULETTE: Yeah. You know, you're pushin' it. Let's do it, guys. Yeah, what do you got goin' on? I'm usin' risotto. My love of baking stems from my Italian upbringing. When I think about rice, I immediately think of risotto. You know, bein' Eye-talian and all, you gotta do it from scratch. For Round 2, I'm doing coconut Arborio-rice risotto with macerated blackberries and a little vanilla-honey drizzle. - How you doin', my brother? - I'm great. How are you? - You're makin' risotto? - I'm makin' risotto. If you pull this off, you must be a baker. It's either out on left field or it's out on right field or it's a total foul ball. Or however baseball goes. But something like that. I need you to cook a little bit faster for me, darling. The next step: Add coconut milk. Gotta get up in this with the spatula. Risotto is like me: There's no in between. You have to get it right. If it's a little undercooked, you have that bite. So I want a really nice creaminess of the risotto and the coconut milk is really gonna tie this together. What you say? The baker is Louis and I'm gonna tell you why. He's the only ones with big-enough cannolis to make a dessert risotto. He took that surprise ingredient and embraced it. He's the baker! - Take a fork. You just wanna mash up some of the berries, not all of 'em. I like what Louis is doing, though. He's got blackberries, macerating them in sugar. Even though Sherry is my horse in the race, I like what Louis is doing. You are boiling very nicely. Thank you. Keep it up. Do you guys want a crystal? - Me? - Yes. Let me bless it. Don't bless my - Don't. No! I don't need this rock. - [Laughs] That's fine. I'll keep all the magic to myself. It's so magical. For Round 2, I am immediately thinking that I wanna show my Filipino culture. ♪♪ Sift that baby really good ♪♪ I'm making a Filipino ube brownie with coconut rice cream and a rice-chocolate brittle. - Maribelle! - Hello. - How we doin'? - Good! Right now, I'm defrosting some ube. What's ube? Ube is a Filipino taro root. - Oh. - It's a distinct flavor, so you may or may not like it. But I think with what I'm doing to it, you will. The first thing that I do is start making my brownie batter. Ube makes a brownie very, very, very moist and gives it like a really gooey kind of banana texture. Just magical down here. I'm glad my magic is comin' off on you. Growing up Filipino, I was just obsessed with ube. We put it in everything. So ube is definitely the ultimate way to show your Filipino pride. Some vanilla bean in there. And then I'm going to put in shredded coconut and macadamia nuts to give it a crunch and different texture. ♪♪♪♪ So good. I think Maribelle, she's the baker. She has a very varied palette. She pulled out an ingredient that not that many people like, so to be that self-assured, to put it into brownies, she's gonna knock it out of the park. - That's "grandma ube." - It's not grandma ube. - Yeah. - Ube is on her menu. The same way I rolled meatballs with my grandma, she cut ube. It's the life lessons. Maribelle should be bakin' those brownies in a much smaller pan 'cause they're gonna be raw and that is a faker move. But that ube is gonna give it such a nice, starchy texture, they're gonna be like - - Ube, schnube. - Don't you ube my schnube. - Whoa! Ube, snube. That ube is gonna take the starch level and make it nice and gooey and chewy. MARIBELLE: Puttin' this bad boy in the oven. I'm gonna use the rice pudding and the takeout rice. For Round 2, I'm making a German chocolate cake with rice-pudding filling because it is my daughter's absolute favorite. This is gonna be my cake base. My idea is to get it in really quick into the oven and get this baby baked. This is where the magic comes together here. Ooh! That's hot. Then, I'm gonna add that crazy rice pudding. My rice is speaking to me. Sherry's adding rice pudding to her cake mixture, rather than eggs. Ooh, like that move. Sherry is a baker. I think it's very risky. It's probably gonna be raw and gooey because, if it had the eggs in it, it would rise a little bit and separate and be able to get the little grain crystals of a cake sponge. Puttin' it on a sheet pan is gonna make the cake batter very thin and let it cook evenly and quickly. I think I'm good. And it's in the oven. I'm gonna move on to my filling. Making basically a custard and I'm doin' pecans, coconut, and rice. I take the unsweetened coconut. I know toasting it is gonna give it this extra-nutty flavor. This coconut's superfine, so it's not gonna take much to toast it up. I think the texture of the filling is going to work well with the texture of the rice. and I'm gonna add takeout rice. I hope this tastes good. She's just stickin' that finger right in there. - Oh, yeah. - That's a sign of a home baker. Oh, that's so good. [chuckle] Mmm! I'm feelin' really good right now. [singsong] And my cake is comin' out of the oven! [Suspenseful music plays] Oh, no! Oh, this isn't good! Sherry's cake looks good, but it looks not cooked enough. SHERRY: Half of my cake's raw. Work it out, girl. Work it out! Sherry looks like she's really struggling with her cake. - She's donezo. - I'm dying. I'm dying a slow, painful death. [Suspenseful chord strikes] [Clunk] Holy heck. I realize my cake is not done. It's raw. Is Sherry's cake cooked? I'm like holding my breath. She might've overput rice pudding in the batter and it was never gonna cook. SHERRY: Oh, this isn't good! Not good. I know that I need to finish strong and that's what I'm gonna do, so I'm gonna throw these back in the oven and see what I can do. Did she just put that back in the oven? ALEX: Oh, yeah. - Do you think she has time for this? - I mean, at this point, I'd go in the deep fryer. [ Suspenseful chord strikes dully ] I'm all in. [Whimsical tune plays] - She... - Do not mess with my girl! Faker, faker, faker. [ Twinkle! ] F-f-f-f-f-f-f- faker! Come on, baby. This some creamy risotto! The risotto is on the stove. Now, it's time to make the vanilla-honey drizzle. Peel it like that. You scoop it out like this. Put it up in here. I wanna get the honey thinned out and then the vanilla bean just breaks up throughout it. So you have this nice honey flavor, but then just hints of a really dark, deep vanilla. So you wanna break it down like that, but you wanna get the vanilla to move around. Yay-ay-ay! Louis. Louis is using real vanilla beans. He's taking those vanilla beans, putting it in honey, and he's letting it steep. So that's gonna give a flavor unlike anything else. I couldn't agree more, and that's why I'm tellin' you he's the baker. This is definitely... a little bit too high. I'm a little bit concerned, watching Louis. His risotto looks really dense. I think he's gonna need more liquid. Anything, just to loosen that risotto up so when he plates it, it's a little bit soupy. I think Louis is the baker, but that risotto looks drier than my sister's elbows. - Oh-hoh-hoh-hoh-hoh! - Just sayin'. I'm gonna make a white-chocolate brittle with the rice cereal and the coconut. It'll be like a garnish on the top. The brownies are in the oven. So I start my white-chocolate candy brittle. It'll give the dish a crunchy and creamy texture. It's so magical. It's a real safe move, to take rice cereal and make a treat. But what I like that she's doing is she's making it her own, adding coconut and white chocolate. Baker all the way. I'm also thinking of making like whipped cream and add the takeout rice. I'm just like majorly in the zone right now. The rice will actually soak up the cream and it just gives it a different texture. All right. Let's taste this bad boy. [ Upbeat outro plays ] She's been tasting a little bit of everything as she goes. Mmm, pretty good. A sign of a professional. I just don't get the ube in the brownies. - No? - You'll get it. When done right, by a professional that's used it a lot - my girl Maribelle. I really wanna open my oven. I don't know if I should. I'm so scared that it's not gonna be finished. Not done! ♪♪ Fudge! ♪♪ Maribelle's brownies aren't even baked. Are they raw? Well, there's nothing wrong with some brownie batter. They look raw to me. [sharp inhale] Ay ay ay. I feel like I'm screwed. Oh, my God. These are not done. While the cake is in the oven, I decide that I wanna do chocolate feathers because it looks beautiful. I can paint these on some parchment, throw them in the glass chiller, and they'll be good to go. Absolutely flyin' by the seat of my pants here. - Sherry's painting something. - I love what Sherry is doing. Listen, the painting with the chocolate is somethin' she probably saw on Food Network. Sherry's the baker. Get on my train, baby. Okay. Let's try this again. I get my cake out of the oven and I have 3 minutes. And the cake's still gooey. So you know what? I'm gonna call it a gooey German chocolate cake. Come on. ♪♪♪♪ There she goes. That's my girl. That's my girl. Do it! SHERRY: Okay. I got this. It's tryin' to recover. - Who's your baker? - It's all about Maribelle. There's nothing better than a delicious brownie sundae. That's so classic and perfect. But look, she's translating it into something exotic and a masterpiece of art. I don't think Maribelle's a baker. I just don't. I think Sherry is the actual baker. Sherry is mixing the rice with coconut and other things. Only a baker would run the gamut of textures and the chocolate little leaf that she's kind of whipped up on the fly certainly is not something that I do recreationally at home. She's got all the makings of a great cake! You're both wrong because Louis is the baker. He's got the creativity and the passion of a pro. You say it's Maribelle. - Yep. You say it's Sherry. We are all over the place here. [Suspenseful music plays] Splash! All right. - No! No, no, no. - Can't take the pressure. - I can't - I can't - No one is finished! SHERRY: Oh, my God! [ Suspenseful music plays ] [ Clucking ] BUDDY: All right, guys! [Suspenseful music climbs] 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1! Stop your work. - Whoo-oo-oo! [ Laughter ] [ Ominous chords strike ] The cakes aren't perfect, but I'm happy with it and the flavors are there, so I'm hopin' for the best. [Suspenseful music plays] Are you a baker or a faker? - I... - Am... A... - Ah-ha-ha! - Ah! Man! No! [ Clunk ] Baker and fakers, you've had 45 minutes to make whatever dish you want, as long as you incorporated rice. The dishes look great. But only one will win. So, Maribelle, what did you make for us? I made an ube brownie with a white-chocolate/ puffed-rice brittle. [ Suspenseful music plays ] You can clearly get your love of cooking and your love of heritage all in this dish. And you used the ingredients in a really thoughtful way. The cereal treat that you used with the white chocolate, I like that you turned it into a nice textural play on it where it's kinda hard and crispy, but when you chew on it, it melts in your mouth. Mm-hmm. I think the brittle is amazing. It tastes like a candy bar to me in the most luscious way. Going through from the creamy bottom all the way to the brittle and the macadamia, you span such texture and taste. I have to say, what I don't like is that the brownie is really undercooked. - Yes. That said, the ube kinda ties it all together and gives it sort of like a fun, molten-chocolate-cake energy. Sherry, what did you make for us? I made a gooey German chocolate cake. I used the rice pudding in the cake and I used the leftover takeout rice in my filling. [ Suspenseful music plays ] You really hit the mark. It's got the gooey, the crunch, just enough sweet. It's decadent. You really incorporated the rice in really unique ways. - Thank you. But the brownie was underbaked. No doubts about it. It was downright gooey. I think that the rice for your German chocolate cake filling is wonderfully kind of chewy in that wonderful, gooey, ricey way. The addition of the pecans also gives it a nice crunch. Delicious. I like your choices. I just think you need a little more time. Louis. I did a coconut/Arborio-rice dessert risotto with macerated blackberries. [ Suspenseful music plays ] When the plate was placed before me, I thought, "It looks already congealed and sealed up." The flavors almost beat it because they are so delicious. You've got a lot of layers on this dish, and my favorite, that really took me by surprise, was the vanilla-honey drizzle. You could drizzle that all over me. I'd take it, absolutely. - Hey, yeah. I think that the blackberry combination with the coconut is inspired. I mean, it's like garden-fresh. What I don't like is that you made risotto and that it's not creamy. [Ominous chord strikes] What I'm getting is a lot of rice. It's a little dry. I think just you needed a little bit more liquid as a facilitator to kind of make this more creamy. - Yeah. Understood. - You all did an amazing job. But now, we need to give the judges a little time to deliberate. If I won, it would mean the world to me, actually, because I wanna show my kids that, you know, when life throws you some soggy cake, you gotta make it happen. I feel like the judges definitely got what I was going for with taking risotto to the next level. Baker and fakers, in this envelope, I have the name of the winner. But before I reveal that to you, you gotta tell me who you really are. Louis, are you a baker or a faker? [Suspenseful music climbs] I... am... a... [Suspenseful chord strikes] [Clunk] Louis, are you a baker or a faker? [Suspenseful music plays] I... am... a... faker. [Laughter] Oh-hoh-hoh, man! No, Louis! No! How could you do this? How could you do this to me? What do you do for a livin'? I am actually a fitness instructor. - Oh, God. - Whoa-oa! Get my squat on, yeah. I teach a fitness class in Philadelphia. Hold 'til I feel the burn. That's how we're holding. It is a hardcore weight and resistance bands class. I absolutely love what I do. [clapping] Great job, guys! [Cheering and applause] You guys really rocked today! Being a baker and in fitness seems crazy, but it actually does work. If you incorporate healthier ingredients, it can help with your diet and help with fitness. So they really do go kind of hand-in-hand, at least for me, when they're done the right way. So we still have one baker, one faker, remaining. Maribelle, tell me: are you a baker or are you a faker? [Suspenseful music plays] I... am... a... baker. BOTH: Ohhhhh! - Aah! - Yes! [ Laughter ] Called my girl. Where are you a baker, Maribelle? I'm the pastry chef at Point Loma Nazarene University. - Excellent. - Too much talent. Thank you. I am the head baker. So every day, I bake for the students. Go ahead and sheet red velvet. We do hundreds of different desserts every single day. I'm always having to keep myself on my toes and to think of different, innovate ideas for our different desserts because they want something to impress. - That looks so good. - Thank you. I've always wanted to be a baker because I've always wanted people to feel the way that I feel loved, through pastries. - Sherry. - [Nervous laugh] I guess we know what that means. I am a faker. [Laughter] Oh, my God! BUDDY: I told you. So what do you do, Sherry? I am actually personal assistant for a retail developer. BUDDY: Oh, awesome. You make chocolate feathers at your desk? I absolutely adore my boss and I love what I do. Everything that normal people do at their home, I do for him. I'm just finishing up over at work today. I did everything on the list. But I feel like something is lacking. Baking is my passion. I love baking because creating something that is so sweet and beautiful and knowing that you're going to make other people happy with it is just an awesome experience. Now that you've showed me your cards, it's time for me to show you mine. Maribelle, if you're the winner, you win $10,000. Louis or Sherry win, you win 15 grand! [Suspenseful music plays] Whoo! BUDDY: That's it. Make it rain. And the winner is... [ Suspenseful music climbs ] Maribelle. [ Laughter ] You won $10,000! Congratulations. How does it feel?! Amazing. I mean, Maribelle, your development of flavors, alone, was reason enough to give you the win. You made us a candy bar and a brownie. It was like a little mini amusement park - Thank you. - and it was delicious. And that really is your heritage, your country, where you grew up. That's your family all on a dessert plate and I do agree with Alex: it is a carnival ride that I wanna get on and never get off of. [laughs] Thank you. Bakers don't make that much money and winning $10,000, to a starving artist-baker, is just mind-blowing. This just means so much to me because I'm gonna be able to show my family that, when you have something you're passionate about, you're able to succeed. Maribelle, I guess the crystals worked. [Laughter] It was that energy. It was that magic. [ Laughter ] PAULETTE: Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, guys. Thank you so. ♪♪♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 