Bakers vs. Fakers: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bakers vs. Fakers 
 s1e8 - Marshmallow Meltdown - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bakers vs. Fakers (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Marshmallow Meltdown - full transcript 
 The bakers and fakers must use popcorn to make cheesecake; host Buddy Valastro and judges Alex Guarnaschelli and Daphne Oz judge marshmallow creations. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Michele from Davis, California, and I am a professional baker. I'm Percy from Oak Ridge, New Jersey, and I am a professional baker. I'm Jennifer from Los Angeles, California, and I am a professional baker. I'm Henry from Alameda, California, and I am a professional baker. Hang on! The fun is about to begin. Four bakers are here to do battle. Golden-brown delicious. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Two are amazing amateurs. Do I look like I need help? Hey, have you got an Easy-Bake Oven down there? And two are professionals. Lovely. Out of this world. But only they know their true identities. Their mission? Just winnin' a bunch of money. Outbake the competition. If a professional baker wins, they take home $10,000. That sounds fancy. But if an amateur is able to fake out the judges... I didn't wanna stop eating it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're a baker. ...and take down the pros... - Pssh! Pssh! ...they walk away with 15 grand! - Wow! - [Gasp] Bada-bing, bada-boom. Are you a baker or a faker? - I... - Am... A... [ Suspenseful music climbs ] What?! - What?! - No way! I don't believe it! Welcome to "Bakers Vs. Fakers." - Whoo! - Let's do this. There are two rounds of competition here. In Round 1, it's my choice. Uh-oh. Today, you're going to be baking... ...cheesecake. Nice. I love cheesecake. Hmm. Cheesecake definitely takes a lot longer to cook than your regular cake and kind of have to be careful in the timing of it. Even a home baker can make a decent cheesecake. But it takes a real pro to make a cheesecake using... ...popcorn. - Popcorn? - Yeah. Are we going to a movie or what? Popcorn? Popcorn in cheesecake? I got to make this work. We have buttered popcorn, cheddar popcorn, chili popcorn. Caliente. Whoo! Bacon popcorn... That's the one right there. ...and unpopped popcorn. You've got 45 minutes on the clock. You ready? - Ready! - You sure? - Absolutely! Okay. Get baking! Behind you. All right, guys. Popcorn in cheesecake. ALEX: If you did a New York-style cheesecake with a lot of cream cheese as a good support system with eggs, let it hang out while you figure out the popcorn, you could get somewhere with that, I think. There's definitely technique to it, but it's also kind of an easy dessert. I feel like a baker would maybe hug the shoreline a little bit more and let the cheesecake really shine. Are you saying bakers are safe? - Yeah. - Come on. I live on the wild side. Oh, my God. I mean, to me, you're baking cheesecake in 45 minutes, they have to bake it at a higher-temperature oven. I mean, you could make a no-bake cheesecake. All right. What would a baker do with popcorn? With popcorn, it's all about the aromatherapy. I want to feel like I'm in a movie theater. Maybe a pro will pop fresh popcorn and make caramel corn. It's going to take a real baker to figure out how to get that real popcorn essence and flavor and not give us a mushy, disgusting mess. Stay. I kind of describe myself as a little bit a-dork-able. I'm generally just kind of silly and try to have fun with things. Let's see. My personality gets reflected in my baking style. I like to try to do something a little different in how something's presented. I like to have fun with the things that I do. There we go, baby. I am making a cheesecake parfait with a bacon popcorn shortbread and caramel bacon sauce. So the first thing I'm going to do is start the no-bake cheesecake, got cream cheese. I'm doing a no-bake cheesecake because I don't have to worry about the possibility of it not setting up. I know it's a safe bet. I add cream cheese and a little lemon juice. Look at Jennifer's kitchen. She's doing a non-bake cheesecake, and I think that's smart. It's such a fast way to reduce the time that you need to spend actually making the custard. Now, if she's not a baker, I don't know who is. Let's get some of that cheesecake filling in here. I've been baking since I could pretty much reach the counter. I was a fat kid. I wanted to learn how to make sweets. I picked up the bag of chocolate chips and read the recipe, and, you know, I figured it out. And I've just grown from there. Put you aside. Oh. Oh, my goodness. - You all right over there? - Yeah. Just dropping popcorn, trying to throw you off. Even though I'm a small-town girl, I go big and bold with my baking. Let's go here. I'm using my favorite butter. I started baking just being in the kitchen with my grandmother. She would spend hours with me, coming up with different recipes that we could enter in the State Fair. And after that, I was hooked. It's going. Churros and caramel corn always take me back to my childhood. So today I'm making a cheesecake with caramel popcorn. I'm going to use the buttered popcorn in my graham cracker crust, and then I'm going to use the unpopped popcorn to make my caramel popcorn and then garnish it with a cinnamon churro. All right. And the first thing I need to do is start my churro base. Churro time. A churro is a fried pastry dough rolled in cinnamon and sugar. As a child, I would go to the fair, and you got to have that churro to walk around with. All right. I put the dough into a piping bag and get over to the hot oil. Almost there. Michele's churros look delicious. Come on, baby. Come on. But her churros seemed very soft to me. She might have put too many eggs in the batter. And when you do a churro, it's got to be so tough you can barely even squeeze it out of the bag. Michele is a faker. They're going to be good. Bacon popcorn. My motto is, "Never trust a skinny chef." So I try to follow that, as you can tell. Yep, definitely bacon. I'm going to be making a maple cheesecake with a bacon popcorn crust and then garnish it with a candied bacon. Who doesn't love bacon, right? My personal baking style is the balance that I can create between two ingredients. So I think I got this. I'm going to win this competition. MICHELE: Bring it, buddy. You don't want my children to starve, do you? Family's everything to me. I wouldn't be where I'm at today without them. All right. Baking's definitely my passion, and I feel like it shows through. I baked my first cake when I was 10. My mom was in a boating accident, and when I found out what happened, I went into the kitchen and started looking at her recipes. I said, "You know what? I'm going to make a cake for her." And I've been doing it ever since. First thing I need to get done - make the crust, grind up the graham cracker and the bacon popcorn to add texture to the base. Figure we'd put it in the crust to give it that popcorn flavor. Look at Henry. He's grinding up the popcorn, the butter. He's pressing that down to make a crust. It is going to be crisp and buttery and perfect, baker move. - Good, good, good. Second thing I'm going to do is the cheesecake batter. I need to cream the cheese, then add the maple... Add the maple syrup. It's going to add some sweetness. ...and then add the eggs. I picked two simple ingredients, maple and bacon, but when they come together, it becomes this salty-sweet-tasting cheesecake. In they go. The next step - I need to work on the candied bacon. I want to make sure that the maple and bacon flavors will definitely shine through. I'm baking with bacon. The next step - I brush maple on to the bacon and add some of the crushed bacon popcorn to add texture. In the oven it goes. Henry's got the bacon baking in the oven at the same time as the cheesecake... - Mm-hmm. ...could actually infuse the flavor of the bacon. I was thinking about that, and a little bit of smoke in there as well. It's a definite baker move. Okay. Come on, P-Dubs. Come on, P-Dubs. I would consider myself very competitive. I'm not trying to be braggadocious here, but I've been around the block a few times. And, you know, these new kids, I'm not really concerned about them. We can do this. We can do this. My style of baking is spicy and sweet together. So today I'm making a chocolate cheesecake with a chili popcorn crust. Come on, Percy. Come on. The first thing I know I got to do is the crust. That's going to be the base. So I've got to grind the popcorn, melt the butter, put that into the springform pan because I have to make individual servings here. Okay. I'm parbaking this crust because I want my crust to be stiff at the bottom. Percy is using a springform or mold so he can serve the cheesecake without any walls. That's a baker. And he's parbaking his crust so that it's crispy, and his popcorn doesn't get soggy. Trust me, baker. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Growing up as a kid, we enjoyed popcorn in my house. I was the oldest of 14 children, so I knew that if I wanted something really good, I had to go make it myself. So I started baking. At this point, my wife and I, we have two wonderful children and three lovely granddaughters. I just want to win this for them. In here for 5 to 8. I don't know who's the baker and who's the faker. I'm pretty confused. They're all so good. For me, the bakers are Henry and Michele. I think Michele is being creative. Her cinnamon churro, it's going to go so great with the popcorn. It's going to be very flavorful. And Henry, for me, has been the most ambitious in this competition. He is trying the most creative use of popcorn. HENRY: How's your cheesecake cooking in there? - It's going. - Oh, Henry. I thought Henry was a baker, but I just changed my mind. Why? How many times is Henry going to open the oven and let all the heat out? How is his cheesecake going to be cooked? I think Henry looks like a faker. Oh, you're just totally switching sides. So you're flipping. Say it. Just say it. - I am. Am I wrong? You're wrong. You're wrong. We can do this. We can do this. Oh. - Splash zone. Are you a baker or are you a faker? - I... - Am... A... What?! - What?! - No way! Popcorn, come to mama here. I have my no-bake cheesecake filling. So the next thing I'm getting going is the shortbread. I want to use bacon popcorn because it's going to be, like, a nice savory note to go with the cheesecake filling, which is actually going to be a little tart. There we go. There we go. Jennifer looks like she's got some kind of shortbread. Very smart, that shortbread can add sweet and dense texture that I really welcome in a cheesecake. - Yes. Yeah. - Baker all the way. Okay, but when you have a wet filling like you have in a cheesecake, you need the crust to be dried out and crisp on its own or you're just going to get straight sloppy mess. A shortbread crumble is very fatty, so it's going to stay soggy. I think that's a huge faker move. JENNIFER: We're in a good place here. We got bacon on high. Oops. The last thing I need to make is the caramel sauce. Got to get a little caramel going here. I want to give this my special twist, so I'm going to add little bits of bacon. No bacon left behind. It's going to add some texture, and who doesn't love bacon? I love bacon. MICHELE: Smells good. I smell bacon. Yes, ma'am. Jennifer is cooking bacon and then using the bacon to put into her caramel sauce to accentuate the smokiness in her sauce. I love that. That's a baker. We got this, right? MICHELE: Got a couple tricks up my sleeve. Now that the churros are done, I'm working on my graham cracker crust. All right, popcorn. I think the buttered popcorn will add a little bit of salt and a little bit of the butter flavor to the crust. So I pulse those together. Smells good in here. Now I need to get going on my cheesecake. I pour the cream cheese into my mixing bowl, so I can get it nice and fluffy, and then I'm going to add condensed milk to add some sweetness. Time to get these in the oven. And then I'm going to scoop the cheesecake mixture into Mason jars so that the cheesecakes cook faster. All right. Next, I want to concentrate on my caramel popcorn. Change it up a little bit. By just popping my own popcorn, I get to create whatever flavor I want with it, and the caramel will be a perfect balance to my cheesecake. Yummy. Next, I get the caramel coated onto the popcorn. They didn't have my favorite caramel. I had to make it myself. Every component Michele's making has so much sugar in it. She is not salting her popcorn, and I think, as a baker, you understand that balance between salty and sweet. She's a faker. Doing good. - Yours baking yet? - Oh, it's almost done. What are you doing over here? You're supposed to be baking. Don't be coming over here for some tips. HENRY: I pull my cheesecakes out of the oven, and I put the cheesecakes in the freezer, so I can let them cool down. Hopefully they set in time. If I serve them a warm cheesecake, it's going to taste more like a custard, and the whipped cream will just melt off. This is going to work. I'm going to make it work, and I have no backup plan. You got to keep it chilled, you know? DAPHNE: Here's my baker move for Henry. His cheesecakes are already out of the oven, and he's giving them time to settle because if he adds whipped cream on top, it's not going to just melt into a pool of cream. I need that prize money. Come on, now. HENRY: I feel pretty good. We can do this. We can do this. So now I need to make my cheesecake batter, cream cheese, flour and eggs into all this. Percy, he just looks confident. He's so Zen, right? - Oh. - Uh-oh. Splash zone. All righty, then. All right. That was such good timing. I still think Percy is a baker. I've done that so many times. Focus here, Percy. You know what you need to do. Chocolate. I'm putting in cocoa powder because chocolate and the heat from the chili popcorn work well together. They just bounce off each other. Come on, P-Dubs. ALEX: Percy is pouring a chocolate batter. He's not pouring them very high, which I think is a real baker move. It will be cooked in time. PERCY: We're almost a finished product. Now I'm making the topping for my cheesecake. I'm going to use that same chili popcorn just to get that crunch factor. A few more minutes, few more minutes. BUDDY: Two minutes left. Alex, who are your two bakers? I think my bakers are Jennifer and Percy. Percy, with the prebaked crust - sign of a baker. And Jennifer's really infusing flavor very smartly, and I think a no-bake cheesecake's brilliant. I think she chose something foolproof, like a baker would. - Daphne? My bakers are still Henry and Michele. Michele is our only person in this kitchen making her own popcorn. And the Mason jars - such a fast and easy way to make this cheesecake bake evenly. And I think that Henry, he is trying the most creative use of popcorn. Henry put the popcorn in his crust, and he's adding more popcorn on top of the bacon to really crisp it up. Henry is such a baker. Let's go. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Stop your work. Nice job. HENRY: So everything's in place. I think the candied bacon will kind of give you that sweet-savory taste. That will give me the edge that I need to win. Bakers and fakers, I gave you 45 minutes to make cheesecake using popcorn. It's time to face the judges. Percy, what did you make for us? I made a chocolate cheesecake with a chili-popcorn crust. Honestly, I was worried that the chili and the chocolate would kind of kill the idea of popcorn, but it has that popcorn flavor and that nice heat from the chilis. I do have a lot of unpopped kernels of popcorn... Hmm. ...and I'd almost call this cheesecake underbaked in the center. Percy, the best thing on this plate for me was actually this, like, toffee crisp on the bottom. It still is crispy. It's still crunchy and really holds up to all the wetness on top of it, but the cheesecake didn't hit the mark for me. It is undercooked in some spots. Jennifer? I did a cheesecake parfait with a bacon-caramel sauce and the bacon-popcorn shortbread. So, Jennifer, look. I love your cheesecake filling. It's tart and not too sweet, also a brilliant move because everything else layered on here does have its own sweetness, and I think that was a smart balance. But the shortbread crumb at the bottom, for me, wasn't as successful because it's a very wet crumb, and I think when you have so many layers of wet, you actually are craving something drying at the bottom. Yeah. The caramel and the bacon is just so good. That combination is dynamite. If I were in a conversation with somebody eating this, I would stop. You lose me a little with your crumble topping in the bottom. You chose a glass like this. I got to get all the way down. I mean, I got to go to the sub-subbasement... Yeah. ...to get the crust of my cheesecake. - Michele? - Yes? What did you make? I made a cheesecake with caramel popcorn and a cinnamon churro. DAPHNE: Your cheesecake is beautifully cooked, really soft, creamy, luscious, and your crumb is the most satisfying in its texture with the dryness of it playing so nicely with that luscious cheesecake topping. But your churro, to me, tastes like a cream puff that was deep-fried and then rolled in cinnamon sugar. It doesn't have that sort of yeasty-dough taste that I associate with churros. - I like your cheesecake... - Thank you. ...in terms of texture and baking and execution, and you popped your own popcorn. You're the only one. The unique chewiness of freshly popped popcorn, it's really good. But I think, overall, the popcorn, a little sweet. This popcorn really needed salt. - Okay. - Henry! - Yes? What did you make for us? I made a maple-bacon popcorn cheesecake. I'm getting a lot of the flavor of the popcorn, particularly the crust. It's packed. It's got that compressed feeling. It's almost like a cookie. But your cheesecake is undercooked, and when I eat the bacon, weirdly, the taste of the uncooked egg comes out in the smoke of the bacon. The flavoring of this custard is fantastic. I love this combination of maple and bacon. Your custard is so sweet and so powerfully flavorful that I like it even better when it's blended with this very neutral cream. Did you want your bacon to be crispy? - Yes. - You did? I think the idea to put the popcorn on top was a clever one, but I do think it would have been a more satisfying pairing if this had been a crispier bacon. - Thanks, Henry. - Thank you. And I want to thank all of you guys. Now comes the hard part. The judges need to deliberate. My dish - It definitely isn't as cooked as I wanted it to be. If I go home right now, I don't know how I'm going to face my family. They're going to be so disappointed in me, and most of all, I'm going to be disappointed in myself. Bakers and fakers, now it's time to find out who won the round, who's going home and who that person really is. Alex? The winner of this round is... ...Michele. Yay. Thank you. The texture of your custard, the crust underneath, it really came together, and we really liked that you used both the ready-made popcorn and you popped your own, fresh. Good job. - Thank you. I just won Round 1. Are you kidding me right now? Daphne, please, tell us. Who made the second-best cheesecake? Jennifer. Well done. PERCY: Well done, Jennifer. Good job, Jennifer. You're safe. Okay, judges. We are down to your bottom two bakers. Alex, please tell us who's moving on to Round 2. Henry. - Yes. - Good job, man. - Thank you. Unfortunately, Percy, that means you've been eliminated. But before you go, tell us, are you a baker or are you a faker? I... am... a... faker. - Oh! - Oh! BUDDY: Get out of here. That's some cheesecake for a faker. What do you do for a living? Many folks in New York know me from being on gospel music radio in New York City for many years. No way. PERCY: What I love about radio is that it takes me into people's worlds. I'm Percy Williams on your radio. Thank you very much for listening, New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. I get a chance to inspire them, and I get that same feeling while baking. Keep it locked where it's at. You're enjoying music for your spirit. And nowadays, I bake for family. I bake for friends. I like the happiness that I see on people's faces when they enjoy something that I baked in my kitchen. So how would you describe your dessert in your radio voice? That was Brotha Percy's chocolate cheesecake with a beautiful chili popcorn crust. Enjoy. I love it. I love it. Thank you, Percy. Hello, bakers and faker. I'm giving you the freedom to bake whatever you want... Yay. ...as long as you incorporate... ...marshmallows. - Oh. - Oh. Mm. Marshmallow is so sweet, and it really can overpower your dish. So I am not happy about this ingredient. Ugh, okay. We got freeze-dried marshmallows, vanilla marshmallows, coconut marshmallows, peppermint marshmallows and marshmallow cream. 45 minutes on the clock, you ready? - Ready. - Yes. - Get baking! - Whoo! All right, guys. What do you think of marshmallows? I like this ingredient because you can play with it. Yeah. I immediately thought of toasting them, kind of hoping that someone who's a baker explores that idea of the toasted, almost-burned marshmallow and the goo. I love marshmallows melted into hot cocoa. If you make hot chocolate and throw the marshmallows in, that's a cop-out. For anybody who's had a hot chocolate at the bus station, there's something endearing about that to me. Totally. The baker will know that marshmallow itself is just pure sugar, and we want to see a little bit of bitterness that I think will carry the marshmallow flavor a long way. For me, I would definitely go for salt. I would go peanut butter. I think marshmallow and peanut butter pair beautifully. Maybe a carrot cake and then make the filling with the marshmallow cream. So I guess loser's buying drinks tonight? All right. I'm very embarrassed that my cheesecake was undercooked, but making it through motivates me more to kill it in the second round. - Is that carrots? - It's carrots. What? HENRY: So for Round 2, I'm going to be making a carrot cake with a cream cheese marshmallow frosting. I'm baking carrot cake. My wife's my number-one fan. So I'm going to make this carrot cake to honor my wife. Henry's making a carrot cake. That's a great idea. I'm a sucker for carrot cakes. So I really love the texture of the grated carrots in the cake. DAPHNE: It's a risky move. Not everyone does like carrot cake, and I'm obsessed. Plenty of time. My strategy for this round is to get the cake in the oven as soon as I can and to stack the cakes, so the cakes will hold up to the cream cheese frosting. All right. I start mixing the oil, the sugar and the eggs, and then I get the dry ingredients together... Make sure it's exact. ...and then fold in the shredded carrots, get that all set and stick it in the oven. I got it. Now that that's in, I start making the cream cheese frosting. Cheese. I'm going to use the marshmallow cream in the cream cheese frosting to give it the sweetness, and hopefully, that'll shine through. Marshmallows and carrots - two things that I don't think would ever go well, but I can make this happen. BUDDY: Henry's doing a marshmallow cream cheese topping. I think it's going to be sweet. - Why? The yin and the yang with carrot cake is that snap you get when you eat the cream cheese, and if it's too marshmallowy, it's going to miss that tang. - I agree with that. - That's a faker. I have to tell you, I am kind of excited about a marshmallow-flavored frosting. I hope he torches it. I hope he gives it some nice, like, deep, dark, golden-brown bitterness, which is going to play this cake even more savory than a traditional carrot cake would be. Baker move. In we go. There we go. You're talking to yourself over there. I can make anything I want. So I want to make something that reminds a lot of people of childhood. I am making peanut butter and marshmallow cream pies and peanut brittle. Okay. I'm using almond flour to make these little pie crusts... Sugar. ...but because of the high fat content, it takes a little bit longer to bake. I just want to get those in the oven as quickly as possible. Want to grease that first. I put a little bit of butter on the bottom of the jars to make sure they don't stick. Get a little bit of that dough in there. ALEX: Jennifer is making an almond crust, and she's packing it in those small jelly jars. I feel like we've seen ground-up, baked crust already this competition. That's a faker move. - Mm. Off you go. Time to make some candy. Peanut brittle was the first candy I learned how to make with my dad. So I need to get that started with some sugar and some corn syrup, and I'm using salted, roasted peanuts. Come on, baby, cook for me. Ah! So Jennifer has a candy thermometer out, baker all the way. It's definitely a baker. Baking's a science. You can't eyeball it. There we go. It would be really nice to win the money. I haven't been able to see my dad for years because it's expensive to take time off and go and visit him. That looks beautiful. How many can I fit in my hand? Whoo! I'm not a big fan of marshmallows. They are so sweet. But that's what always goes in hot cocoa, and hot cocoa reminds me of sitting around the fire with my grandma. All right. Here we go. So I am baking a hot cocoa cupcake with marshmallow buttercream filling. I'm, like, making a mess over here. The first thing I need to do is get my batter made. All right. I'm shaving the chocolate down so it will melt a lot faster. I decided to add a little hint of espresso in there to bring the chocolate out more. ALEX: I love that Michele is using espresso to enhance her chocolate flavor. I think that's a real baker move. MICHELE: Going to taste like Grandma's house. This recipe comes directly from my grandma. It's got such a deep chocolate taste. I know it's going to take it to the next level. I want to win this competition in memory of my grandmother. She taught me everything I know, and I really want to show how far I've come and how proud my grandma would be of me today. I am going in the oven. Here we go. JENNIFER: I check on my crust. I had put a little bit of butter on the bottom of the jars to make sure they didn't stick. They turned out a little buttery. When the crusts come out of the oven, that butter has seeped up. So I had little pools of hot butter on top of the crust. Oh, man. Check out Jennifer, soggy and greasy crust. It is a disaster. I don't want the judges biting into a chunk of butter. I might have to make this again. JENNIFER: They turned out a little buttery. When the crusts come out of the oven, I had little pools of hot butter on top of the crust. I might have to make this again, but I don't have enough time to start over. We'll clean you up. So given the time frame, I'm going to stick to my guns and stay with what I've made. There we go. So I have to try to soak up that butter. Let's go cool you off. HENRY: That's my timer. So I take the cake out of the oven and set them in the freezer. Got a hot pan coming through. This definitely is a huge risk that I'm taking because it could ruin the texture of the cake, but at this point, I'm panicking because I need to get these cakes cooled so that they can set up in time. Henry immediately put the cake in the refrigerator after it came out of the oven. I think that really compromised the last few minutes of baking. I feel like it's not done. That's a faker move. And this. Next, I'm going to toast some almonds to give it some texture. I think I'm the one that's going to be winning today. So I stick them in the oven. Almost done. Every year, I make my wife a birthday cake, and it's carrot cake. So the last thing I want to do is melt some chocolate and write "Happy Birthday" on the plate. Look at Henry. Watch him cut this parchment paper. Watch him fold it. He's making his own points right now. I mean, who is this person? He's a mathematician or a baker. He's a calligraphy teacher who does greeting cards. HENRY: I hope these come out. Let's go stick you in the chiller. I've got the crust and the brittle in the cooler. Now I'm going to work on the peanut butter mousse. And just salt here, little vanilla. Then I'm going to whip some cream to a soft peak. Okay. There we go. And then I fold that whipped cream into the peanut butter. ALEX: I like that Jennifer is folding cream into her peanut butter mixture to keep it light and fluffy. Okay. Jennifer is definitely a baker. JENNIFER: This last one. The next thing I need to start is the marshmallow cream. I pipe it on top of the peanut butter mousse. Okay. Ooh, she's getting a torch out. Watch out, everyone. Playing with fire. I want to brûlée the tops a little. All right. Look at what Jennifer's doing. Like, that, to me, is a faker move. The cream, it wasn't transformed at all. Jennifer really just, you know, took it out of the jar and put it onto the plate. JENNIFER: Perfect. Toasting really changes the flavor of a marshmallow. I think this dish is going to impress the judges. There we go. Check my cupcake. Almost. Now that the cupcakes are in the oven, I want to start on my marshmallow buttercream. Ooh, this stuff's sweet. I want to use that marshmallow cream because it's already melted down and ready to go. All right. What a mess. If I don't balance that marshmallow cream with enough butter, it might make it way too sweet and overpower the chocolate. Come on, baby. I want to get my ganache going, so when the cupcakes are ready, I can just dip them. All right. I'm adding a little bit of corn syrup to give it a nice shine. I think she's probably making a ganache frosting. Michele's adding corn syrup to her chocolate chips to make sure it's glossy and smooth. You do want a bitter chocolate topping on what is going to be an extremely sweet sugar bomb of a cupcake. I think that's a really baker move. I agree. Ganache is done. All right. I get my cupcakes out of the oven. Come on, baby. I want to use the fondant to make a little handle off the side of the cupcake. Everything's got to be edible. - She's making some decorations. - I don't like that. What does fondant have to do with marshmallow? There's a lot of frills on Michele's cooking. MICHELE: I'm in it to win it. Two minutes left. Alex, who are your two bakers? I'm going to go with Jennifer because of her concept. You're so pretty. Love the toasted and burned edges of marshmallows. So all she had to do was toast that marshmallow, and you went hook, line and sinker? It doesn't take much for me to get on your team. It doesn't take much for me to jump ship. And Michele did the pro pastry bag, twisting the top to get all the air out of it, and adding the corn syrup to the glaze was a really nice touch that makes the chocolate shiny and slick. That's a total baker move. All right. Daphne? I stay loyal to the bitter, bitter end. My bakers are Henry and Michele. Michele has thought of everything. Her cupcakes are perfectly iced, and marshmallow is going to feature prominently in Michele's dish no matter what. Meanwhile, my man, Henry, who I've been rooting for from the beginning, I like to see Henry cut rounds out of his carrot cake and doing a layering of marshmallow frosting. It's going to be a very textural play, and that's a baker move to me. BUDDY: Okay, guys. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Stop your work. - Yeah. - Drop the marshmallows. MICHELE: Looking down at my dish, the presentation came out exactly how I wanted. What it comes down to is flavor. I'm still a little concerned if the marshmallow's going to come through. Are you a baker or a faker? - I... - Am... A... - Yes! - No! - Yes! - Oh. Really? Bakers and faker, you had 45 minutes to bake anything you want, as long as it had some marshmallows in it. But now you must face the judges. Henry, what'd you do, man? Well, I made a carrot cake with a cream cheese marshmallow frosting. That cake is kind of inspired by my wife. It's her favorite flavor. I figured I'd pay homage to her. Henry, you made a really good cake. I really loved the grated carrot texture, and I love the "Happy Birthday" piping. The calligraphy was expert. But I think your cake is borderline undercooked, and I think the cream cheese in this frosting overpower the marshmallow. I agree with you. I don't taste the marshmallow in the frosting, but it is delicious. - Thank you. - And I love the toasted almonds. They really give a great crunch, but they could have had a little bit of salt on them. I just wish there'd been more marshmallow. Thank you. Michele, what did you make? I made a hot-cocoa cupcake with marshmallow filling and then some mini marshmallows on top. I think you've made an amazing cupcake. Thank you. The bitterness of the chocolate, and then we get this gooey filling. It's just perfect. - Great. But you made a number of components, the fondant, I think this stuff is beautiful, but it just didn't taste like marshmallow. Michele, the execution on this dish is perfect. The crumb is so moist. It is so decadent and rich and chocolaty, the glossy ganache on top, perfect. I will say this. Those little mini marshmallows, torching them a little bit, I think, would have worked really nicely as well. It changes the texture and the flavor of a marshmallow. Right. Jennifer, what'd you make for us? I made a peanut butter and marshmallow cream pie with an almond crust and a peanut brittle. The brittle is delicious. It's, like, an avalanche of all the nuts. I mean, I love it. But when I get the peanut butter and the almond crust, it's tough for the marshmallow to survive the street fight. It just doesn't taste like marshmallows. Okay. DAPHNE: I do think this peanut butter filling is really nicely balanced. It's smooth. It's creamy. It's the right sweetness, so good. - Thank you. - What undid the dessert for me was actually the almond crust on the bottom. - Okay. - The crust ended up being a little bit wetter than I had hoped. What ends up happening is, when you have a really fatty, wet dessert on top of a really fatty, wet crust, there isn't the differentiation that you need to really have the perfect mouth effect. Okay. Now comes the hard part. The judges got to deliberate. HENRY: Man, I'm nervous about the cake not being cooked long enough. You know, there's so much at stake. Winning with this recipe that has been with me since I was a child would be the most special thing I could even imagine. JENNIFER: I think the flavors are great, and there's a really good balance going on. I feel like that I could possibly win this. Inside this envelope is the name of the winner, but before I tell you who that person is, tell me who you are. Henry, are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... Henry, are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... baker. - Yes! - Oh. - Yes! Oh. I am the owner of Whisk Cake Creations in Alameda, California. At Whisk Cake Creations, we specialize in custom cakes for all occasions. That looks great. Through high school, I worked at different bakeries, and I went into culinary school. And I've always had this dream of starting my own business. You let us know what you want, and we can definitely create it. The best part of my job is that I get to do what I love, which is making people happy. Here you go. - [ Gasps ] So it doesn't feel like a job at all. Thank you. BUDDY: We know we got one baker in Henry. Michele? - Yes? Tell us, are you a baker or are you a faker? I... am... a... Baker, baker, baker. - ...faker. - No! - What?! - No way! - Yep. - I don't believe it. BUDDY: No. Are you faking right now? Are you really a faker? - No, I am truly a faker. - What's your deal? I work for a police department. - What?! - You're a cop? I'm not a cop. I'm a civilian worker, but I work with the police. Yes. I oversee the civilian side of the police department in Davis, California. Davis, 152. I've worked at the police department for 12 years. We are a family, and a lot of us grew up together. So I'm super proud of being able to give back to the community now. I brought you down, so we can look at a couple camps today. I was hoping you guys can do some medical assessments and any other services that we can provide them. I bake cakes for family, for friends. Baking is how I show my love. I definitely utilize my baking skills to get some stuff done around my work. I love going out into the community and really showing my pride for my city, plus the department. Well, Jennifer, I guess we know what that makes you. But for the record, please, tell us. Are you a baker or a faker? - I am a baker. - Ah! Ha-ha. Where are you a baker, Jennifer? I'm actually not just a baker, but I'm an ice-cream maker. I am the executive chef of Local Ice, an artisan ice-cream parlor in Studio City, California. I'm liking how this one looks. I get to see customers come in and taste the things that I make. Mm. That is delicious. I get to make something that makes people happy because who's in a bad mood when they eat ice cream? I like it. It looks so good. So now that we know who you are, it's my turn to reveal the winner. Henry, Jennifer, if you win, you win $10,000. And, Michele, if you win, you win 15 grand. The winner is... ...Michele. Whoo! Yay! That's awesome. Thank you so much. Honestly, the cupcake was beautifully baked, the chocolate, the sweetness perfectly balanced. It felt cohesive. It felt like something I would buy in a bakery. Thank you. I'm so excited. I can't believe I won $15,000. This is a dream come true. Beating two professionals at their own game, it makes me super proud. I can't wait to go back and share this with my town. Thank you. - Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you very much. Great work. Thank you very much. Thank you. Great job. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 