The Name of the Rose: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Name of the Rose 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Name of the Rose (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ego te absolvo a peccatis tuis... Sound assembly. He died by drowning, there's no doubt. The face is swollen, the belly taut... But he was not drowned by another's hands, for in that case he would have reacted... ...against the murderer's violence, whereas everything was neat and clean, as if Berengar had heated the water, filled the bath, and lay in it of his own free will. This doesn't surprise me. As you know, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Berengar suffered epilepsia. So he may have gone to the baths last night... ...to soothe his tension. - Night before last, because, as you see, this body has remained in the water at least one day. He was of a very sensitive nature. I found something inside his habit. I'm sorry but... I tried them myself. They are yours, aren't they? God be praised. We've solved two problems. I have my lenses back and I finally know for sure... ...that it was Berengar who robbed us... ...the other night in the scriptorium. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 In any case, before coming here he went somewhere else, because in the baths I didn't see Venanzio's book, the one he stole with my lenses. Severinus, do you believe his illness... ...could make him lose consciousness and drown? That's possible, but look here. The fingers of someone who grasps something small, or long and thin. The tongue is black! Again, like Venanzio. Now, we must assume, for him and Venanzio, that they grasped something, put it in their mouths, and ingested it, knowing what they were doing. Something to eat? Or to drink? Perhaps. A musical instrument, like a flute. - That's absurd! Of course it's absurd! But we mustn't dismiss any hypothesis. You know, in a secret part of the library, they keep books on necromancy, black magic, and recipes for diabolical philters. I was hoping to find a description of that poison... ...and its functions. But... So you spoke about it with Malachi. Of course, with him definitely, and perhaps also with Berengar. Perhaps other monks were present as I was talking. The scriptorium at times is fairly crowded, you know. We have ventured the hypothesis... ...that Berengar and Venanzio touched the same poison. But we still don't know what it is, if it was the one stolen from here, and why they touched it. And, mind you, we don't even know... ...if it was the substance that they touched... ...that brought them to their death. Imagine a madman who kills all those who touch gold dust. Intercede for me. I beseech thee! Is there no end to all of this? The Papal delegation has just arrived... Archbishop of Saragoza Pedro Lopez de Luna, Monsignor Eudes, bishop of Carpentras, Roberto Count of Provence, His Excellency Guillaume de Mazan... ...and the brother Dominicans... I'm most pleased to meet you all. My Franciscan brothers should arrive at any moment. Then the debate can commence. I think that unlikely. What do you mean? During our travels we received a message from Avignon. His Holiness is sending Bernard Gui. They have an armed escort. Why? Why Bernard Gui of all people? And with a command of soldiers. We all know the prestige of Bernard Gui, both in heretical matters and theological studies. His Holiness has been warned about the comeback... ...of the heretic plague in the valleys around the abbey. The presence of soldiers in a theological debate... ...is never a sign of goodwill, nor of... neutrality. The soldiers will not be here... ...to menace the Franciscans in any way. You won't die, will you, Father? No, I never die. I never die, Anna. Promise? Promise. Your father, the chosen one, will never die, never. You will always carry him in your heart and mind, and you will continue the life you started. Fight! Don't become honest tomorrow, but today, Anna, today! Don't be afraid. Don't betray me. Do this and you will understand the better world... ...we are fighting for. The bell! Church nous appelle. Vamos. Bell call. We go! I'm not moving. You go to church. Salvatore not doing! Not prega for Berengar. Berengar no deserve prayer. Me not leaving Remigio. Mea anima tua est! - Shh! My soul your soul. Stop, that's blasphemy! Ich bin dein hund! Me soy tu perro. Your dog. I'm your dog. Good dog. Shh. Good dog. Good dog. Come along! Come along, I said. I said come along! Look, Martino has brought his doggy! Bark! Now pee! I said pee! Good dog... Good dog... Penitenziagite! Beware, you rich and powerful... ...who already have your reward! You know damned well that God cannot be on your side. Beware, you who eat your fill, for you will know hunger. Beware you who laugh today, for you will feel the pain of affliction and despair! Take him! No. Martino! Martino! If you want to see your son alive, you will deed ten Imperiali... ...to the families working on your land, who are starving! Martino! - And if you don't pay, rest assured I will return the boy. In pieces. You want to serve two masters? God and Mammon? It cannot be done. Your mind is rotten. And if the example set by Saint Francis... ...isn't enough to change you, then this is all there is left! Penitenziagite! Martino! Martino! No kill, por favor... ...por favor, please no kill... Stand up! For you. - No! See... life is onion. Onion is life. Vida es como Zwiebel. Cebolla. You open, you open, you open, tu abres... ...you eat... Vida! Then nothing. Nada. Null. Shh! Silence now, philosopher dog! The terrible poison against purification. A different truth, a different image of the truth? Say the opposite of what is believed, say one thing and mean another... To them the cicadas will sing... ...from the ground. These words seem the ravings of a madman. Yes, perhaps. They are unquestionably things written by Venanzio... ...taken down while reading the book... ...stolen from the Finis Africae. Then something happened. Either he was ill or he heard someone coming... ...and he put down the book and then... ...and then he went in to the kitchen. Where he met his assassin. This page is the only possible starting point... ...in re-creating the nature of that mysterious book. And it's only from the nature of that book... ...that we can infer the nature of the murderer. For in every crime committed to possess an object, the nature of that object should give us some idea, however faint, of the nature of the assassin. So we must find out what is set in the book... ...that passed right under our noses. Remigio hinted that some strange complicity... ...bound him to Malachi. Could Malachi have hidden in the Finis Africae... ...a dangerous heretical text that Remigio had entrusted to him? So the answer may lie in the forbidden room... ...they call the Finis Africae. But how do we reach it without getting lost in the labyrinth? There are eight defensive towers, each with a seven-sided room, with one external window. And then on the walls between the towers... ...there are double arched windows like here. And those rooms are five sided, eight of them. There are other five-sided windows... ...that surround the octagonal well, each with one internal window. And then two for them for each side, so 16 in total. And then we have the five and seven-sided rooms... ...without any windows, and there are 12 of them per each side, so 24 in total. So let me count... Fifty-six. Are you sure? There is absolute symmetry. - Yes. But then why is it so difficult to get our bearings? Because what does not correspond... ...to any mathematical law... ...is the arrangement of the openings. Some rooms allow you to pass into several others, some into only one and there are blind rooms... ...that do not allow you to go anywhere else. Unless they have a counterfeit wall. Hiding a staircase. Plus the lack of light. Maximum confusion. - Achieved with maximum order. So how will we orient ourselves? We will mark down on this plan... ...the rooms we pass through, and the positions... ...of the walls and the doors. - And they have no openings. So we know what detours we are taking. Each room is marked by the letter of the alphabet... ...and all together they make up some text that we must discover. But where does the text begin? With a scroll larger than the others... ...in the... With the sentences in red. - But there are so many of them. So you will mark down the first letters... ...of all the verses that appear there. And like a good illuminator... ...you will make the letters in red larger. But how does it happen that you were able to solve the mystery... ...of the library looking at it from the outside... ...but you were unable to solve it when you were inside? God knows the world because He conceived it in His mind... ...as if from the outside, before it was created, and we do not know its rule, because we live inside it, having found it already made. Remember, the fourth skull on the right. You mean the first one on the left? Push the eyes. The Abbot told us at the beginning... ...that the library was not to be touched. It could be that he is involved, and now he realizes that the scandal is spreading... ...and he doesn't want the truth to be discovered, or at least he doesn't want me... ...to be the one who discovers it. Then we are living in a place abandoned by God. Have you found any places where God... ...would have felt at home? Seven-sided room. The stairs up must be on the other side of this room. You said to make only right turns. I did, didn't I? Cover your mouth! Careful with the books! Easy, easy! How can you be certain that the Finis Africae... ...is on the top floor? - The rooms... ...in the library are classified... ...according to the names of the country and the continent. The end of Africa is the edge of the known world. Isidoro of Siviglia's Originum. The foundation... ...of our entire culture, right here! 'Love does not originate as an illness... ...but is only transformed into illness... ...when remaining unsatisfied. It becomes obsessive thoughts... ...and so... ...there is an incessant flutter of the eyelids, irregular respiration... ...and the pulse throbs.' Alhazen's treatise on optics! I thought it had been lost. Ten years it took him to write it, 1011 to 1021, in Arabic. Later he translated it... ...into Latin. We must be on our way. Remember: write down the first letter... ...of the scrolls above every passage. 'His name is Death.' 'N'. Nomen... 'I came like a thief.' Dead monks. Hovering about in their curiosity. Books are not made to be believed... ...but to be subjected to enquiry. Here, master! It's not human. Do you think it's coming from over there? Yes. There's got to be some sort of mechanism... ...somewhere around here. It's all just wind passing through the machine. This is how they frighten those... ...who come to discover the secret of the Finis Africae. 'Super thronos viginti quatuor.' We're in the antechamber of the Finis Africae, aren't we? It's the S of Leones. Hic sunt leones - 'Here there are lions.' At the edge of the known world... ...the end of Africa... 'Secretum finis Africae... ...manus supra idolum age primum et septimum de quatuor...' Venanzio wrote in Latin but thought in Greek, and in Greek... 'eidolon' means 'ghost' as well as 'image.' The mirror reflects our own image. And by 'supra idolum' he could mean beyond the mirror. Perhaps we must place ourselves at a certain angle... ...in order to perceive something reflected in the mirror... ...that corresponds with Venanzio's description. Adso... look! 'Super thronos viginti quatuor...' The mirror could be the door. The mirror is the door! Matins! Soon Malachi will open the tower. Let us make an honorable retreat. William! - Yes? I will join you, Malachi. Where do we stand? I am only a friar who, a long time ago, conducted... ...some effective inquisitorial investigations. You know the truth is not to be found overnight. After all, what power have you granted me? May I enter the library? I see no connection between these crimes and the library. Adelmo was an illuminator, Venanzio a translator, Berengar the assistant librarian. In that sense, all 60 monks... ...have something to do with the library, just as they have something to do with the church. Will we investigate the church, as well? Brother William, you are conducting this inquiry... ...at my behest and within the limits that I have established. For the rest, within the girdle of these walls I am the only master after God, and by His grace. And that will hold true for Bernard Gui as well. Perhaps it will be a good thing. Bernard occupied with the assassin... ...will have less time to participate in the debate. Bernard occupied with discovering the murderer... ...would be a thorn in the side of my authority. This matter has obliged me for the first time... ...to surrender part of my power within these walls, and that is a new turn in the history of this abbey... ...and I would do anything to avoid it. But I cannot conceal from a man like Bernard... ...the fact that in this abbey... ...inexplicable events have taken place, are still taking place. Otherwise, the moment he finds out, the moment, God forbid, that... ...some new mysterious event happens, he will have every right to cry betrayal. Please, I would like to be alone with him for a moment. Like an apple tree... ...amidst the trees of the forest, so is my beloved amidst the other young men. How I long to sit in his shadow... ...and how sweet is his fruit to my palate... You kiss me with the kisses of your mouth, for your love is sweeter than wine. My Berengar, my dear. Traitor to the very end. You see, boy? The other corpse also lay... ...where the book announced that it would be. Now wait for the fourth trumpet. Why do you think the key to the sequence of crimes... ...lays in the book of Revelation? The book of John offers the key to everything. Many acts of pride were committed in the library. Especially when it fell into the hands of foreigners. God punishes, God nullifies, God dims even memories. Alinardo is a man to listen to. Each time he speaks he says something interesting. What did he say this time? Adso, solving a mystery... ...is not the same thing as deducing from first principles. So you are still far from the solution. I am very close to one, but I don't know which. So you don't have a single answer to one of your questions? Adso, if I did I would teach theology in Paris. In Paris do they always have the true answer? Never, but they are very sure of their errors. And you never commit errors? - Often. But instead of conceiving only one, I imagine many, so I become the slave of none. Reverend abbot! Brother Michele! How fine it is to see you. And you too. Boy! Boy! Brother Michele! - William! Welcome, brothers! Welcome to our abbey! What are they like? Describe them to me. Their habits are the color of honey, brother Jorge. Like bees. Only dirty. Like their dirty feet. And unshod. We shall do our best to remember that. Saint Francis loved the little birds! All the little creatures, he loved them so much. But if I can say when he was, hungry, he ate them, like any other man. But he was kind and caring, compassionate, so generous, he smiled at man's sin. We shall all end in darkness. All of us. But brother Jorge has always insisted on getting there first. Alinardo has always enjoyed ridiculing my blindness. Brother Jorge knows very well what darkness I refer to. Quiet, both of you! Age should have taught them moderation and respect. Father, may I present Adso? One day perhaps he will be a Benedictine... ...in the convent at Melk. For now he is searching his heart. Michele da Cesena, our Father General. Even though he has studied in Paris, he has not managed to find favor with our French Pope. Come, you must be weary. It work! Meo bonissimo trap! I'm coming, puella! Don't struggle, you'll only hurt yourself more. Come on, let's get away from here. Come on. Get your arm around me. No, no, no. No. Sorry. Sorry. Ibn Hazm... ...he defined love as a rebellious illness... ...for the sick person does not want to be healed. Avicenna, this other philosopher, however, did not think of love as an illness at all, it is only transformed into an illness... ...when it becomes obsessive thought. I do not want to be healed from my obsessive thought. Every time we meet, I see you better than before. Huelhes... eyes... In you I understand myself... ...and in myself you. 'Tu' is you. Avicenna also advised this infallible method... ...for discovering whether someone is in love. You grasp the wrist of the sufferer... It's for the pulse, the heartbeat. Heart? You grasp the wrist of the sufferer... ...and you utter many names of members of the opposite sex, until you discover which name makes the pulse accelerate. Heart. Antonius, Bartholomeus, Gabriel, Adso... Adso. I see you everywhere. Painted on the pages of books, when I close my eyes and when I open them again... My love... Do not touch me! I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. But I can't bear the feeling of hands on me. It hurts so much. I... They killed us. They killed us all. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Wait, wait. Here. I have something for you. Poems. In your language, I believe. I know how to read. Just a little. I would to God... ...the night... ...never ended... I would to God the night never ended. You! Tu. Young master! Magister! Why you in forest? Girl, puella! You... No, no, no! No, no. You beautiful. Salvatore ugly. Women no like Salvatore. Non piace! Non piace. Non piace. Shh. Good day, brother abbot. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 