The InBESTigators: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The InBESTigators 
 s1e5 - The Case of the Sleepover Secret - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The InBESTigators (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Case of the Sleepover Secret - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Sleepover Secret.. -[beep] -Is that on? -[whirring] -Yes! Hello! I really want to do footy cards with Ezra, but he says we have to record this week’s case first and he’s ten minutes late. I know we’ll run out of time for footy cards, so I’m going to start reporting without him. So, on Sunday, Ava got the Inbestigators to do some decorating, except, she wasn’t doing much decorating. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If Ava thinks we need new pots, why are we doing all the work? Because I'm sad! Ezra and I don’t really know what to say when Ava gets sad. Would you like some tissues? I’m not outside sad, I’m inside sad. You know? I didn’t. We needed a girl who would know the right thing to say. Why don’t you just stop thinking about it? [Ava screams] Maudie was not that girl. [Ava continues screaming] How can I stop thinking about it?! Pixie, can I use your glue stick please?. Amelia, can you please tell Ava that only my friends that don’t tell my secrets get to use my glue stick. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Pixie isn’t speaking to me! Do you even know why that’s hard? Because you have to use sticky tape instead of glue? Because she’s my best friend! I’m sorry, Ava, for not understanding. Do you need a hug? -Yes please. -Ezra, give her a hug. [Kyle] Hugs with girls... are disgusting but the sooner Ava cheered up, the sooner she could help with the new pots, which were her idea in the first place. -So, are you ready to help now? -Why isn’t Pixie speaking to you? Oh Maudie, it’s so rude to pry,  here Ava, have a trowel. No it’s not rude at all! Okay... well, you know how Pixie’s parents are getting divorced? Yeah! Pixie told me after she  went with her Mum and Dad to the school counsellor during the week, because after that Pixie  said she felt a lot better about it. So what’s the divorce got to do with Pixie not speaking to you? Before she told anybody else, she told me, obviously because I'm her best friend, last weekend, at our post netball  grand final slumber party. [Ava] She made me promise not to tell anyone, but then somebody else found out at the party and she thinks that I told them. And did you? [Ava gasps] Either Ava had asthma,  or she was really mad. Cross my heart and hope to die, stick a needle in my eye, I, Ava Rose Andrikides, pinkie promise  that I never told a single person. [Ava] But Pixie thought I did. I can’t believe you told my secret! Wait, you were you suppose to have told? That’s just it, I don’t know! Who was at the party? Hang on, is this turning into an investigation? And if so, will it affect the new pots? Okay, well, there was Caitlin, Ruby, Amelia, Max, Esther, Pixie, and me. Our team is called the Dolphins, so I had sea shell soap in the bathroom,  and we were having  salt and pepper calamari,  and even though we had won  the grand final, Pixie was quiet.  [Kyle] Wait! You were handing out salt and pepper calamari, which made me suddenly remember something. I’m starving. Anyway, I really noticed something was wrong with Pixie after we voted for which Mermaid movie we should watch. Okay, give me your votes. That’s so unfair, I forgot my glasses so I couldn’t write my movie choice down! Wait, did you guys vote for the movie without me? -I didn’t! -Guys! Be quiet! [Ava] Everyone was being so noisy,  that I hadn’t noticed that Pixie  was putting on a lot of lip gloss. Lip gloss? Why was that strange? It’s like a nervous thing for Pixie. Some people bite their nails or chew their hair-- Or cuddle a blanky. Some people do that. Not me. I don't even have a grey blanky with elephants on it. And Pixie bites her lips, so she puts on heaps and heaps of lip gloss. Anyway nothing cheers Pixie up like a selfie. [Ava] So after we’d all changed  into our pyjamas, I grabbed a group one. -Say, Dolphins! -[all] Dolphins! Why can’t I be in the middle? Because Pixie’s in the middle, Max. Just because I’m wing defence doesn’t mean I should never get to be in the middle. [Amelia] Hey! I can't believe you took the group photo without me! Oh, sorry Amelia, we’ll take another one, yes, Max, with you in the middle! [Ava] But right then, Pixie left the room  with her phone. And her lip gloss. Wait! Had she already told you about the divorce by this time? -Have I said that she did? -Um... I think Ezra tuned out a bit,  which is what I usually do, but for once I was listening because I wanted to hear what food they had. Oh, and about Ava’s problem. Obviously. She said she followed Pixie into the kitchen, and found her at the table.  Pixie! What’s wrong? I can’t say it out loud because I might cry. I’ll text you. [Kyle] She texted you?! She was sitting right next to you! She was sad and she didn’t have a blanky with elephants to cuddle. Good point. [Ava] Pixie put lip gloss on,  took a deep breath, then texted me. Her mum and dad were getting a divorce.  I told her that I was so sorry  and I would be there for her.  She texted back that I had to absolutely  promise that I would not tell anyone,  which is when Caitlin and Ruby came into  get drinks and Pixie dropped her phone. [phone thuds] She dropped it? She got startled when they came in, [Ava] and dropped her phone  and Caitlin picked it up. So we stopped texting for a bit. And you’re sure you didn’t say anything out loud? Absolutely. They didn’t need to say anything. Caitlin picked up the phone. Mm... Maudie wrote that Caitlin picked up the phone, which should have been the end but Ava kept going. So Caitlin and Ruby left, and we texted a little more, but then Amelia came to join us. and it would be have been rude  to text in front of her so we stopped.  -What are you guys doing? -[both] Nothing. Let me give you a fish braid! [Kyle] A what? -A fish braid. In her hair. -Awesome. -Not an actual fish. -Oh. [Ava] And then Esther came in  and was doing her own fish braid, and we went into my bedroom  so Pixie could see the back. And you left your phones in the kitchen with Amelia and Esther. -They were locked obviously. -Does anyone else know the passcode? Ezra said that ever since he and Mr McGillick hosted the cyber information evening, no one shares their passcode. Ezra didn’t actually host it. He just sat at the front and nodded a lot. I don't know Pixie's passcode. And Pixie doesn’t know mine. No one knows anyone's passcode. Okay, go on. So we all went into my bedroom to look at our braids, and Pixie actually started to cheer up. Esther came in and was being really funny  and Pixie was even laughing enough  for Max to yell at us to be quiet. Wait... Where was Max? She was sitting outside my bedroom. She was on the second last chapter of her  book and she really wanted to finish it. -[loud laughter] -Would you guys be quiet! And where were Caitlin and Ruby? They were in the lounge room waiting for the movie. [Caitlin] We’ve queued up the movie! [Ruby] Amelia can you bring us some more chips? I want to send a picture of my hair to my Mum. [Kyle] Wait! Hang on. -I have two questions. -Yes? Firstly, what kind of chips did Amelia bring from the kitchen? Secondly, do we have any chips? What happened next? [Ava] We all got comfy to watch the movie, except Pixie wasn't there. Wait, Pixie's not here. Pixie! -I went to find her. -And you found her leaving. I can’t believe you told my secret! Maudie, I didn’t! I know you didn’t... Does Pixie text with her thumbs or her finger? Maudie is officially the most random person I know. She texts with her... finger! Then I know who found out Pixie's secret. Come on Ava. For once I knew who it was too. It was Caitlin! Caitlin picked up the phone and saw Pixie's text! It wasn’t Caitlin. How could it not have been Caitlin? She didn't have her glasses to see close up. I forgot my glasses so I couldn’t write my movie choice down! [Maudie] How could she have read the text? Oh yeah. Also, she was in the lounge room with Ruby, she didn't have a chance to say anything to Pixie. But, did Pixie tell someone her passcode? No, Pixie showed someone her passcode. Suddenly we had crossed the road. Why are we at Amelia's? Pixie hasn't spoken to Ava all week and I think you owe Ava an apology. I’m so sorry, Ava. Wait, why is she sorry? What happened? Start at the beginning. Amelia was having a bad time at the party. Everyone had voted  for the movie without her.  Wait, did you guys vote for the movie without me? They always forget me and they always do things without me! They do. Like when they took the group selfie without her. Ava said they’d take another one but they never came back and Amelia felt left out. You did? Of course she did. So when Amelia went into the kitchen, and the two of you  suddenly stopped texting...  -What are you guys doing? -[both] Nothing. Amelia thought you were texting about her. We would never do that, Amelia! Especially after Ezra and Mr McGillick’s cyber information evening. But then, everyone had left and Amelia was alone in the kitchen. [Maudie] She was looking at Pixie’s  phone and she noticed something. -Four shiny spots. -[Ezra] The lip gloss! Pixie had marked the numbers of her passcode, with her sticky lip gloss fingers! [Maudie] Amelia couldn’t  resist breaking into her phone. She tried some combinations  with the lip gloss spots,  from the biggest to the smallest blobs...  and got in. I’m so sorry! I thought you’d been talking about me, but when I saw that you’d actually been talking about Pixie’s parents’ divorce, I felt terrible.  And then Pixie came in. -I’m really sorry. -For what? But then I was too scared to admit what I had done so I just said, I’m sorry... that your parents are getting a divorce. I honestly didn’t know  that it was a secret. Until school on Monday. Pixie, can I use your glue stick please? Amelia, could you please tell Ava that only my friends that don’t tell my secrets get to use my glue stick. The more time passed the harder it was to tell the truth. I’m sorry. [Ava sighs] Although Amelia should have never broken into Pixie's phone, Ava said she was sorry that Amelia got left out all the time. At school the next day, they all worked it out, but I think the moral of the story is,  lip gloss is dangerous. Come on Ezra! Now you’re 25 minutes late! -[turns on the phone] -What did your message say? Ooh, no, I’m a day early. [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Big Mouth Challenge. [beep] Hello, I’m Ava, bringing you today’s Inbestigators with Maudie, -who has sprained her ankle. -I haven’t really sprained my ankle. No, we’ve been doing a First-Aid course and we’re up to bandages. And we’re getting tested so we’re revising while we report this case. Which all began last month, when Ben came to school. I am so happy to welcome a new addition to the class today. Is it a dog, Miss? What? No! You said last term that we might get a dog. I, I don’t remember saying that. Yeah, you said... wait, that was my Mum. Go on Miss. I'd like you all to welcome Ben. It’s always very exciting when a new kid comes to school. So everyone was very welcoming. [all] Hi Ben! But Ben didn’t look very welcomed. Ben didn’t look happy at all. And Ezra thought he knew why. He used to come to our school a few years ago but he was in the grade above. He should be in Grade Six. Miss Tan told us that Ben had been living overseas, ...in Denmark, and America, and where else, Ben? Colombia and Indonesia. -[class] Wow! -[Miss Tan] I know. Wow! Because Ben had been to schools in all those amazing countries, he’d been learning different things. So his parents thought it would be good for him to do Grade Five here, so he could get ‘on the same page’. But getting on the same page is hard. Especially at lunchtime when you have no one to sit with. Ben didn’t feel like he fitted in and... I thought I sprained the other ankle. Really? Whoopsie. We felt sorry for Ben, so Ezra and I sat with him, so he would have someone to talk to. So you lived in Colombia. That’s in South America, right? But Ben wasn’t much of a talker. My Dad said that in Colombia there are pink dolphins. Did you ever see them? I think they’re called Amazon River Dolphins and... Wait! Dolphins are my most favourite animal, and pink is my most favourite colour, and how did I not know about pink dolphins?! That is the most amazing thing I’ve ever heard. I don’t know anything about dolphins. Woh. You have a Disc Chockey! What’s a Disc Chockey? -You’d never heard of a Disc Chockey? -Well you’d never heard of pink dolphins. Fair enough. Maudie, a Disc Chockey is a biscuit that’s joined to another biscuit, with sticky marshmallow and it’s round like a disc and covered in chocolate, so it’s a Disc Chockey. And it’s absolutely delicious. You should see the ones they have in America. They’re even bigger with more sticky marshmallow! Even though I wished Ben was talking about pink dolphins instead of Disc Chockies, at least Ben was finally talking. They were my favourite treat in America, and my Dad had some sent over, because you can get them in a jumbo pack or a super jumbo. Ben knew everything about the Disc Chockies, and... I don’t think that’s how the bandage goes. Oh, I’m so sorry, I got wound up in the story. No, I got wound up in the story. Anyway, Ezra and Ben were getting on really well over their shared love of Disc Chockies. I like rotating the biscuits away from each other, and snapping it into two halves. Because then you can share it. But even more than that, I like doing this. And he put the whole thing in his mouth. It was disgusting. That is disgusting. Ben looked actually surprised when I said he was disgusting. And Ezra looked even more surprised when Ben popped the Disc Chockey back out of his mouth. It didn’t break! It’s still a whole disc! That was so greedy of you to put that whole thing in your mouth when you could have given some to Ezra. It’s so cool how it didn’t break. I feel like you’re off-topic here. I was cross with Ben for putting the whole Disc Chockey in his mouth, and Ezra was impressed with Ben for putting the whole Disc Chockey in his mouth. And he wasn’t the only one. Woh! -[electric guitar sounds] -Leg - ond! -All the boys thought Ben was a hero. -And some of the girls. -That’s so cool! -So cool! [cheering, applause] Ava and I didn’t understand it. But Ben had suddenly become the most popular kid in our class. Ohhhh! You are my new best friend. Kyle! What about Ezra?! I don’t know, is Ben your new best friend too, Ezra? I meant that isn't Ezra supposed to be your best-- Hey! I want to try it too! Has anybody got a spare Disc Chockey in their lunchbox? Kyle knew perfectly well that our parents do not let us bring things like Disc Chockies for our snack. Kyle knew, but Ben didn’t. Why not? Because they’re a treat food and not an every day food. I have them every day. A Disc Chockey every day? That’s -terrible. -Awesome. I mean terrible. Obviously. For his health. Everyone stayed and watched Ben put the Disc Chockey in and out of his mouth a few more times, but eventually even Kyle got bored. -Let’s get back to soccer. -Hey, wait! What if... I bring one tomorrow and if you can put it in your mouth without breaking it, you can have my Disc Chockies for a whole month! Yes! Disc Chockey Challenge accepted. Kyle could not believe what he just heard. Neither could Ezra. What about me?! I was here first! I want to do it too! You can have a go after Kyle, Ezra. But if he doesn’t break the Disc Chockey tomorrow I have to wait a whole month! Yes! A whole month of Disc Chockies all for me! Kyle gets really annoying when he has too much sugar, and he hadn’t even had any sugar yet! Ben didn’t look very happy with his new best friend. [sighs] Well, you might not be able to do it, Kyle. Keeping it whole in your mouth is pretty hard. Are you serious? I was born to do this challenge. My Mum is always telling me to not put so much in my mouth at once. You guys thought Ben was good, wait till you see me! The next day, everyone gathered around to watch Kyle put the whole Disc Chockey in his mouth. Actually, not put the whole Disc Chockey in his mouth. What?! What happened?! My mouth was all warmed up and stretchy. Kyle could not believe that he couldn’t fit the Disc Chockey in his mouth. -He was devastated. -Ezra was not. Yes! You lost! My turn tomorrow! I mean... bad luck Kyle. The Disc Chockey challenge was making everyone mean. -Wait, who said it’s your turn?! -Well it’s mine the day after! -No, I’m the day after! -No way! I was here before you, Caitlin! I said yesterday that I was next! Everyone started fighting about whose turn it was. So Ben tried to sort it out. So uh, Ruby, then Caitlin, then Mario on Friday, which means James is on Monday. Ben organised a Disc Chockey Challenge roster for a few weeks. Which Ezra thought was silly, because he was up the next day, and there was no way he wasn’t fitting that whole thing in his mouth. [all] Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Except for that way. It didn’t fit. Ezra didn’t even get to eat the one he had because... Yay! Ezra put his name down on Ben’s roster again, but he had to wait because so many kids had signed up. -Maudie I have a question. -Hm? Is my leg supposed to be blue? Too tight? Sorry. Next up after Ezra was Ruby. [all] Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! [Maudie] The next day was Mario. [Maudie] Then Caitlin. [all] Go! Go! Go! Go! [Maudie] Then James. [all] Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Then Justin, Diet, Archie and more and more kids, But no one could fit the Disc Chockey in their mouth without breaking it. -It was actually really boring. -It actually was. [Ava] Everyone gathered around to watch instead of playing and hanging out like normal, and it wasn’t even fun because nobody wanted anyone else to win. And Ben was getting boring too. Week three of the Disc Chockey Challenge and I am still the Champion! Who's the champion?! I'm the champion! Whoo! Let's go! Even Ezra was getting sick of it. But he didn’t want to give up. Nobody wanted to give up because they’d seen Ben do it, everyone thought they could do it too. But then, something interesting finally happened. Right, people! Today’s Disc Chockey Challenger is... [Maudie] Ben! -No, it’s me! -I think it should be Ben. Max was really annoyed that her turn was being interrupted, but Maudie had her insisting face on. I think the champion needs to show us how it’s done. No! I’ll show you how it’s done! Yeah, that’s not fair to Max. I can’t take her turn! Yes you can! Ezra was really excited to get some inspiration from Ben. So was Kyle. -Do it Ben! Do it Ben! -[all] Do it Ben! Do it Ben! [all] Do it Ben! Do it Ben! Do it Ben! -Ben really didn’t have a choice. -Everyone gathered around and got really quiet... Ben put the Disc Chockey up to his mouth and... Didn’t put it inside! -I can’t. -Of course you can! We watched you put the Disc Chockey in your mouth over and over again. Except it wasn’t with a Disc Chockey like that. It was with a Disc Chockey like this. I pulled out my own Disc Chockey. You have your own Disc Chockey? Maudie having her own Disc Chockey was the first surprising thing. The second surprising thing was that there was something wrong with it. Why is it so small? Yeah, what happened to it? It should be that big! Not that big. Maudie’s Disc Chockey was smaller. This looks like a Disc Chockey but it’s not. I think someone’s tricked you Maudie. No, I think someone’s tricked you. And his name is Ben. Everyone was very confused. Except for me, because Maudie had explained it to me first. There’s nothing wrong with Maudie’s Disc Chockey. This is the one you buy here in the shops. And this is the one you buy in America. Ben had told us that the Disc Chockies they have in America are even bigger, and my Dad had some sent over, because you can get them in a jumbo pack or a super jumbo. I thought it was weird that some of the boys, who are even bigger than Ben, couldn’t fit the Disc Chockey in their mouths. She wondered if Ben was bringing the American ones his Dad had ordered instead. He was. -You cheated! Why would you cheat?! -I’m sorry... If you didn’t want people to take all your Disc Chockies, why were you wasting them on the competition? He didn’t want the Disc Chockies. He wanted friends. Ben had been to so many schools all over the world and it was hard to make friends. I knew that you’d easily be able to fit it in your mouth, and then the competition would be over and then I wouldn’t have any friends again. Ben was confused about what having friends means. Holding a competition, that’s not fun, and everyone’s mean, does not mean you have friends. -It just means you have Disc Chockies. -Ben didn’t know how to make friends. Which you do by talking about things you don’t know about, like pink dolphins. And not just about things that you do know about, like Disc Chockies. And guess what? Ben doesn’t even bring them to school any more! No. Because they got banned when Kyle wanted one last try. [Miss Tan] Kyle! What are you doing?! [muffled crunching] I’ve nearly done it. Get that out of your mouth at once! Miss Tan got really mad when she found out what had been going on. That is a very silly thing to do! You could hurt yourselves! And I don’t want to see them at school ever again! Ben didn’t actually mind. Because Ava organised a new roster for Ben, where everyone in the class sits with him on different days. It’s a really good roster. He’s getting to know all of us properly. We’ve run out of bandages. That’s okay, I think we’ve done very good revision for our test. I think we should revise again without telling the story. I think that’s a good idea. [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 