The InBESTigators: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The InBESTigators 
 s1e15 - The Case of the Perplexing Painting - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The InBESTigators (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 15 - The Case of the Perplexing Painting - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Perplexing Painting. [printer whirs] Ezra isn’t here so I’m printing something for him as a favour while I tell you what happened today! -[printer beeps] -Uh oh. -[printer continues beeping] -Everybody hang on for a second. [beep] "The InkPix Three Eight Nine Zero Instruction Manual." Ezra, your printer will be fixed in no time. So, today at lunchtime we had the senior school art show, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 this year the theme was inspired by Sidney Nolan’s paintings of Ned Kelly. No one knew who Sidney Nolan was, but everyone knows Ned Kelly. Wow, Maudie, this is really good. It’s so life like. That’s the window Kyle. It’s a really good window. Every year, the teachers choose the best three paintings to go on display at the local shopping centre. [beep, beeping] Well, I shouldn’t say paintings, because technically, not everyone did a painting. -[Maudie] Ezra did an animation. -Ezra, this is outstanding! Thanks Miss Tan! Well, how did you...look at that! Oh! Oh no, ah, what have I... ooh... hang on a second... ah. [tablet voice] What can I help you with? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, ah, I'll just... let me just... um... -Oh... -[camera shutter clicks] Oh dear, um... I'm just, I'm just going to walk away. But good job Ezra! After that Ezra enforced a strict ‘no touching’ policy. [printer beeps] Which was extra necessary, since by then everyone had iced cookies all over their hands. Buy a Ned Kelly cookie to help raise money for the art room! We need more black paint! Ava, you know you don’t need to raise money for art supplies. Really?! We used a lot of black paint on this project. Actually that’s probably a good idea. [printer beeps] [printer beeps] Selling cookies to raise money was a really good idea. Ava is so smart. And also Ava is so kind. Hi Caitlin, here’s a free cookie because I am so so so sorry about what happened to your painting. Me too Caitlin! Also Caitlin, what happened to your painting? What happened to Caitlin’s painting was Esther. Yesterday in art class... we were putting the finishing touches on our paintings. If my painting gets chosen I hope they hang it near Smoothilicious Smoothie Bar. Yes! So while people are lining up to get their smoothies they can look at your painting. Oh, yes! [gasps] Oh no! I’m so sorry Caitlin! I can fix it! No no no no no! -Stop! Get an actual cloth! -Okay! It’s actually so interesting and different Caitlin, and I have seen lots of paintings like that in museums and... they would probably hang that in a cafe. What are you talking about, Ava? That painting is terrible. Oh, I see. You were making Caitlin feel better, weren’t you? I see that now. And people say I’m too truthful. "Place no more than two stations in the mounting bracket when connecting the cartridges." I know what all those words mean separately, but together they are very confusing. Mr McGillick said it was time to announce the winners. The three students, whose artwork will be on display next to Smoothilicious Smoothie Bar are... Ezra Banks, Tiana Johnson and Esther McCarthy! [clapping, cheering] [Maudie] The three winners went up to the front, and we were all so happy for them. Ezra said, ‘Thanks Henry!’ And Mr McGillick said... Don’t call me Henry. [screams] Esther looked and sounded like she’d seen the most terrible thing ever. -What, what’s wrong?! -My painting! -[Esther] There’s a hole in it! -[all gasp] There was a huge hole straight through the middle of Esther’s painting. -[printer whirs] -Oh! -[printer beeps] -Oh. We went to have a closer look. -Yep, that’s a hole all right. -Out of the way, Kyle. What happened here? I don’t know, it was fine when I was standing with it five minutes ago, then we had the announcement and now it’s ruined! Right. Who did this to Esther’s painting? Maudie Miller, I am shocked and disappointed and confused. -I didn’t do it Mr McGillick. -Oh, sorry. I just wanted to point out that every single person here was way down the other end of the hall. Yes... Good. Esther’s painting had been destroyed, but no one had gone near it. So how had it been ruined? Last summer I went on a bike ride along the creek, and I’d stuck little diamantes all over my helmet, and this huge bird swooped down and tried to steal the diamantes off my helmet so maybe Esther used sparkly paint and a bird saw her painting and swooped at it and made a hole. Except I just remembered that Esther didn't use sparkly paint, so that’s not what happened. Someone probably threw something at it. -[all] Yeah! -Yes and I know who. You think I did it? You’re still mad that I ruined your painting yesterday. Oh Esther, you can’t just blame someone like that without any proof. Miss Tan... I’ve got this. Sometimes Kyle thinks that his job in the Inbestigators is to interrogate suspects. It’s not. -Where were you last Monday? -Kyle that doesn’t matter. -What about on Tuesday? -This happened today. What’s on for your weekend? Maybe we should look behind the paintings to see if we can find what was thrown. Maudie! I was this close! So a few of us went behind the paintings to look for evidence. Okay, check the floor around that stuff and under those chairs for anything that could have made the hole in Esther’s painting. [Kyle] Found it! Kyle... the hole's this big. Is it? Or is it an optical illusion, and the hole looks small in the distance, but is actually this big? No, it’s actually this small. Got it. We looked everywhere. But we couldn’t find anything. Oh no, I got ink on my hands. And on my everything else. Caitlin! Have you found anything? [Caitlin muffled] Maybe! Just hang on. Whoever threw something must have really good aim. Or they were trying to hit another painting and they have really terrible aim. Or it was a tragic accident. Well, I just don’t know why anyone would do this! Sorry, I thought I saw something under there. Let's go. We came back out with nothing, but I wasn’t giving up. -Everyone, empty your pockets. -You can’t say that Maudie. Oh, right. Ladies and gentlemen, may you please all empty your beautiful pockets. Thank you. -That was very polite of you, Maudie. -No it wasn’t, it was very nosy. All right, what I’m going to do is wait outside... and then whoever ruined Esther’s painting can come and quietly talk to me. Okay? Let’s get this over with quickly. [printer whirs] Nobody went outside. I’d wanted everyone to empty their pockets in case someone picked up what they threw at Esther’s painting so no one else would find it. -Well, I have nothing to hide, look! -Me neither, Maudie. Me neither! Me neither, Maudie. Oh, wait, ooh! I have a pen. I’m so sorry. It's okay Miss Tan, I didn’t need to see your pockets, but thank you. Well, looks like no one had anything to hide. Me neither! I swear all this stuff was in here anyway. Kyle must have really big pockets. I’m positive Caitlin threw something at Esther’s painting. What?! No. How?! Wait. When?! Caitlin? Maudie? I don’t know how to answer any of that Ava. I thought she picked up whatever she had thrown... [Maudie] Then, she went under the chairs. and hid it in her pocket. -Caitlin! Have you found anything? -Maybe! Just hang on. That’s why you got us to empty our pockets. Yes, but she wasn’t hiding anything, and that’s what’s confusing me. Caitlin was mad at Esther for ruining her painting. And, she has incredible aim and can throw the ball to anyone on the netball court, so she definitely could have hit Esther’s painting from far away. And their families have a rivalry that goes back hundreds of years! -I don’t think that’s true, Kyle. -Alright then. -[printer whirs] -Look! What? Our theory made perfect sense, but we didn’t have any proof... Yet. -She had to have thrown something. -Yes, but what? [Caitlin burps] I think I just found our proof. -[printer beeps] -[sighs] Hi Ezra, do you remember how you asked me to print off your Ned Kelly picture so your mum had a copy to frame in the livingroom because you can’t frame tablets? Well I didn’t do that and also I broke your whole printer. Where was I? Oh! Caitlin had just done the loudest burp ever. Excuse me. -Sick one! -Kyle! Stop high-fiving people for doing big burps! Caitlin, are you okay? My tummy hurts. -I knew there was... -[printer beeps] ...only one way to find out the truth. [all gasp] I had to taste the painting. Why are you eating my painting? Maudie! No no no! That is wet paint! How can it be wet paint? These paintings were all dry yesterday. It wasn’t paint at all. It’s icing! Where did... Wait, what? I didn’t paint my picture with icing! Did I? We went outside, and that’s where we saw Caitlin talking to Mr McGillick. What do you think they’re talking about? -The weather, Kyle. -Really? It has been unusually warm. [printer beeps] I explained to everyone that I had been right about Caitlin... Mostly. Caitlin did throw something at Esther’s painting, and she did pick it up when we went behind to check, and she did go under the chairs with it. But she didn’t hide it in her pocket. She ate it. Because Caitlin... ... and Esther McCarthy. [Maudie] ...threw a cookie. She obviously threw it in a temper, and then she felt terrible and had to find the cookie... and get rid of it so no one would  know she had wrecked the painting. [Ava] Caitlin! Have you found anything? Maybe! Just hang on! That’s why she burped! And how I worked out she ate the evidence. So I checked the painting and there was icing on it, and it was delicious and then we came out here. I’m sorry I threw the cookie you gave me, Ava. That’s okay! I literally made a hundred. And I’m sorry to Esther. I got so angry she won I wasn’t even thinking. Well, why don’t you go and tell her that? Caitlin apologised to Esther, and she had to clean all the paint brushes in the art room as punishment. [printer whirs] Look! It’s printing! Esther got to redo her painting, and now they’re all hanging in the shopping centre. and I fixed the printer and Ezra’s picture got printed! Look! I’m just going to wait till Ezra gets home. [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Turtle Thief. At the Inbestigators Detective Agency, we see a lot of missing things. So Kyle and I are doing whatever we can to take care of our most valuable possessions. That tub is your most valuable possession? Why is it so special? No, we’re going to use these tubs to make little hidey-holes. Oh cool! We can organise and store all our stuff in here. Our vouchers and business cards and posters. Oh right! Like the ones we had made that Maudie, Ezra and I put up last weekend. [Kyle] The Inbestigators... Little Detectives Solving Big Crimes. -That is the cutest slogan ever. -You made it up. I know. And it’s the cutest slogan ever. But the crimes we solve aren’t that big. It’s marketing, Kyle. Anyway, I was away at my cousin’s wedding, so you need to say what happened. They got married? Not at the wedding, to you guys! When you were putting up the posters. Oh! Well, we had a lot because... I printed way too many of these posters so we need to find a lot of poles. ‘Little detectives solving big crimes’ is way better than this slogan, look! "Missing Turtle."  That’s not catchy at all. It’s not a slogan. It’s a missing turtle. That made more sense. We should find this missing turtle! Yes, absolutely, because... -that owner must be so sad. -We could get a reward... and donate that reward to the animal shelter because I love animals. Ezra doesn’t love animals, and also he’s bad at lying but it didn’t matter because then Maudie said... Well, let’s speak to the owner and find out what happened, shell we? Shell we. ‘Cause the turtle has a shell. Get it, Ezra? Turtally. I turtally get it. Like-- Ezra, shush, should we call the number? Or, we could just go talk to him. The boy putting up the posters was... turtally! Like totally! I get Ezra’s joke now! That’s so funny. So who was the boy? Oh. Ryan McCulloch from Mr Barker’s grade six class. The turtle was named Jeffrey and he was the class pet. Oh, Jeffrey was the missing turtle?! What happened to him?! Jeffrey was stolen out of my backyard this morning. -Stolen?! -Look! They came through the back gate and tipped over the pond. Woh, that’s hardcore turtle stealing. Why did you have the class pet in your backyard? It was my job to look after him over the holidays. And you did great... Until this morning. Anyway, I better keep putting posters up. Oh, but you said, ‘Ryan, wait, we can help you, we’re detectives!' Close. I said... Okay, we’ll leave you to it. Have a great day. I may be a detective, I’m also a ten year old boy with a very short attention span. Anyway, then Ezra said... Kyle, come back! Ryan, we can help you look for Jeffrey. Oh... I don’t know... Ryan, we can see how upset you are about Jeffrey being stolen. You have to let us help you get him back. I guess you could help me explain what happened to Mr Barker. Awesome. Let’s talk fees. Ryan had no money. He said all he could offer us was party pies. So obviously we said yes! So I think what happened was someone came through the gate, took Jeffrey from the pond, then left through the gate again. Or did they? Yes, I think so. No one came through the front yard. I was out there gardening with my mum. -Or were you? Yes! When I was finished gardening I came back to check on Jeffrey and he was gone. -Or was he? -[Ezra] Kyle! Shush! Or was he?! I’m guessing he definitely was. Yep, Jeffrey was definitely gone. I can’t believe someone would go to this much trouble just for a turtle. I can’t believe someone would go to this much trouble just for Jeffrey. Oh, this is my sister Chloe. She didn’t like Jeffrey much. -What’s wrong with Jeffrey? -He was just so slow and boring. So... he was a turtle. But it’s good he’s gone because now Ryan has more time to play with me. Ezra... um, I don’t think my Mum will like that. Ezra, you can’t stick up posters on someone’s private property. I told Ezra not to print 500 posters. -Did the school give you this? -[Ryan] No. I built it to keep Jeffrey in. I thought it was better than the tank from school I brought him home in. -Can we see it? -See what? The tank from school. They took that too. Oh man, they stole the tank as well? Hey Paul. Um, yeah, they took it off the table. Wait, who’s Paul? Paul from grade six who lives next door. He’s in Mr Barker’s class as well. No offence, Ryan, but this wouldn’t have happened if I’d been looking after Jeffrey. -Well, see you guys. -Wait, Paul! Take some Inbestigators posters to stick up around your house, on the fridge, maybe if you visit your Grandma! What did Paul mean, if he’d been looking after Jeffrey? Oh. On the last day of term, Mr Barker chose the most responsible student in the class to take Jeffrey home for the holidays. I’m very excited to announce, that for two glorious weeks, Jeffrey the turtle will be moving in with... Ryan! Mr Barker that is so unfair, I want to take Jeffrey! And I want to teach myself to do a backflip, but my physio says... it’s never going to happen. Hmm. -Maudie was not convinced. -I’m not convinced either! Mr Barker just needs to believe in himself and he could totally do a backflip. -I was talking about Paul. -Ah! She thought we needed to talk to him again. -[Maudie] Paul! -Yes? Just wondering... you’re pretty disappointed that Jeffrey went home for the holidays with Ryan and not you, right? Oh yeah, it was so unfair and it should have been me but whatever, I’m not bitter. Oh, sure, Paul wasn’t bitter. Just like my mum’s eighty-five percent dark chocolate isn’t bitter. It’s very bitter, Mum, and it does not count as dessert. -I don’t even know why Ryan got picked. -[Ryan] It’s obvious! I was the one who told everyone to stop tapping on his tank. Guys! Stop that! We were just saying hello! And I said to not hand him around in class like a pass-the-parcel. We were just giving him attention! And I was the one who told everyone not to be so noisy around him because he doesn’t like yelling! Boy, you and my Mum would really get on. Well if you cared about him so much, how come you let someone steal him?! Oh my goodness, Paul was so jealous of Ryan! And he was definitely looking like the turtle taker, so Maudie asked if we could look in his backyard. We think Jeffrey might have wandered in there! Sure thing, you can come through the back gate! Maudie, Jeffrey didn’t wander over into Paul’s backyard! He was stolen. Yes but if I say, ‘Hi, how are you Paul? Can we come over because we think you are a turtle-robber’, he’s going to say ‘No you may not come over and how dare you!’ I don’t think Paul is a turtle-robber. Then let’s find out. So we headed over to Paul’s backyard. Look out Kyle, there’s a... spiderweb. Walking through a spiderweb isn’t a big deal. You just brush it off and move on. [screams] Unless you’re me. I need to have a shower! For a year! Someone get a hose! And also some of my Mum’s scented body wash that I’m not supposed to use! Nobody could track down any body wash, but they did all help clean me up. Well, Maudie and Ryan did. [Maudie] Ezra! -Sorry. -[Maudie] Hang on. Kyle, when you walked through the gate, you pulled down the spiderweb. Too soon to talk about it, but yes. If Paul had walked through the gate this morning, after he stole Jeffrey, wouldn’t he have pulled down the spiderweb then? Yeah, a spider couldn’t have made that huge web just since this morning. So that means Paul didn’t come in or leave through the gate. But if Paul hadn’t used the gate how would he gotten in and out of Ryan’s backyard? He high-jumped over the fence! He definitely didn’t high-jump over the fence. Did he climb it? He was holding the tank, he had Jeffrey, and there’s nowhere to put your feet on this fence. I don’t think he could have climbed it. And I don’t think it was Paul. Maudie said that no one could have gone in and out of the backyard, and Ryan and Ryan's Mum would have seen someone come through the front. So really, the only way someone could have stolen Jeffrey was if... It was an inside job. -You mean-- -Someone who lives here stole Jeffrey. Woh. It was Ryan’s Mum. That makes sense. -That makes no sense. -Okay. I think we need to talk to Chloe. But Chloe doesn’t even like Jeffrey! Why would she take him? Maybe she didn’t take him. Oh I know! Maybe she just set him free! Chloe wanted to spend the holidays with you but you were busy with Jeffrey. So she let him go through the back gate? But then she made it look like he was stolen. Because she looks like a cute little girl but she’s actually a criminal mastermind. I’m sure Chloe wouldn’t have done this. Even though Ryan was sure, we still talked to Chloe. And she definitely didn’t like Jeffrey. And he wasn’t even cute and he had no fur to pat. Hey, lots of things can be cute with no hair. Like my Grandpa! And Ryan always played with him and not me. The only good thing about Jeffrey was his tank, because I turned it into a pool for my dolls, except, then Ryan took it back this morning. -Oh Chloe... -Maudie had a few more questions. So Ryan took the tank back this morning? Yeah. Even though Jeffrey doesn’t go back to school until tomorrow. I guess. -Ryan really loves Jeffrey, doesn’t he? -[Chloe] Yeah, so much. -You have Jeffrey. -I have Jeffrey. Ryan?! Maudie was right about it being an inside job. We just hadn’t realised how inside. I just couldn’t take him back to school! The other kids don’t know how to take care of him. Guys! Stop that! So this morning I decided he’d be better off if he stayed with me. [Ava] But that’s not okay! Like when Pixie got a new hair straightener, and she didn’t put it back in its velvet bag after we used it, and I knew that I would always put it back in its bag, because that’s what the instructions said. and even though I knew I could look after it better... I didn’t take it! Great story. Can I get back to my one now? Yes please. So you faked the whole robbery, Ryan? [Maudie] You made it look like someone had come in and stolen Jeffrey. And then you took photos, and put posters up, to show people at school proof that Jeffrey had been stolen. That’s why you hired us! To show that you really tried to find him. But wait, where’s Jeffrey now? Somewhere in his tank. That’s why you took the tank back from Chloe this morning isn’t it? He’s in my room. I was going to just hide him there. I’m so sorry I nearly got you in trouble, Chloe. That’s okay. You didn’t mean to. I still don’t like Jeffrey. I can’t help feeling sorry for Ryan. Obviously he thought he was doing the right thing. I’m sorry for lying and wasting your time. It’s okay, buddy. It’s okay. Ryan took Jeffrey back to school the next day, and explained how upset he had been, so Mr Barker had a big talk to the class on how to treat him. -Jeffrey, not Ryan. -Well done you guys! After you finished solving the crime, did you shellebrate? [laughs] Shell-ebrate! Because he’s a turtle, in a shell. Okay, okay. This tub is for vouchers, and this one is for posters and flyers. -What did you make with your tub? -Get this. I’m Jeffrey the turtle! I love being the grade six class pet! Honestly, he was more productive than I expected. [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 