The InBESTigators: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The InBESTigators 
 s1e11 - The Case of the Suspect Sprinkler - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The InBESTigators (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - The Case of the Suspect Sprinkler - full transcript 
 When the timer on Mrs Maniaci's sprinkler system is tampered with before the 'Garden of the Year' competition, the Inbestigators must track down the culprit. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Suspect Sprinkler. [dog barks] [Ezra] Kyle! Get that torch out of my face! Sorry Ezra. Welcome to our first night-time retelling of a case, which we thought would be really cool. Also, I’m having a sleepover at Ezra’s and we were really bored. Thanks. It wasn’t a compliment. I was being... forget it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This week was the Neville’s Nursery Garden of the Year competition. Every year... Neville’s Nursery chooses five finalists, and every year three of those finalists come from my street. [Ezra] First, there’s Mr Henderson, who lives a few doors up, and who grows lots of good plants  but he is famous for his sunflowers. Mr Henderson’s sunflowers are amazing, and my Mum says they make her day a little bit brighter. You know what makes  my day a little bit brighter? Ow. [sighs] Then there’s Jenny, who lives down the road from Amelia,  and she grows lots  of pretty succulents and cacti. [Kyle] Cacti? What’s cacti? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -More than one cactus. -No it’s not. Like octopus. What’s more than one octopus? A nightmare to shake hands with. -[sighs] Octopi. -No. So there’s Mr Henderson with his sunflowers, and Jenny with her -Cactuses. -[Ezra] Cacti. [Ezra sighs] And lastly, there’s Mrs Maniaci, who grows the most amazing plums and apples and strawberries and Poppy  and I help her test them. -Well? -Yep, they’re working. Mrs Maniaci likes the kids in the street helping themselves to fruit, as long as we don’t go near her most favourite thing in her garden. Amelia! Don’t you touch my roses! -I was just smelling-- -No smelling! [Mrs Maniaci sighs] Nobody’s allowed to go near Mrs Maniaci’s roses. Which is fair enough, because her roses are the reason she’s won Neville’s Nursery Garden of the Year Competition seven years in a row. Seven years! That’s half my life! -You’re ten. -Oh yeah. For seven years, Mrs Maniaci has won, just beating Jenny and Mr Henderson. Jenny and Mr Henderson would love to win, because not only is there a trophy and a photo in the local paper, but there’s also a prize of free fertiliser for a year. [flies buzzing] [Kyle] That prize stinks. Literally. Gardeners love fertiliser, and this year Jenny and Mr Henderson were determined to get their hands on it-- -I hope they’ve got gardening gloves. -...and the trophy. So in preparation for the judging, they got serious. [Ezra] Jenny planted a new  rockery in her succulent garden... and Mr Henderson put in three new  garden beds with a lot more sunflowers. Except Mrs Maniaci wasn’t worried. Her roses were looking fantastic. But then, a couple of weeks ago, Maudie and I were  walking home from school,  when we saw  Mrs Maniaci talking to herself. [mutters] Mrs Maniaci, are you alright? [speaking Italian] It took us a while to work out what was wrong, but eventually we realised Mrs Maniaci was upset, because she had to go to her godson’s wedding. That was like me when I had to go to my Aunty Laura’s wedding, and I had to wear these really scratchy pants and dance with my Mum. Weddings are terrible. No wonder she didn’t want to go. Mrs Maniaci did want to go to the wedding. The problem was it was in Mount Gambier. I will be away for four whole nights in the lead up to the competition. And who will water my roses? Why don’t you get an automated sprinkler? What? You know a sprinkler with a timer that waters your garden whenever you tell it to. We’ve got one at our house because my Dad always forgets to water the tomatoes. Mrs Maniaci is very old fashioned, so I was sure she wouldn’t want to install a sprinkler with a timer. I want to install a sprinkler with the timer! I was sure... wrong. Mrs Maniaci went straight to Neville’s Nursery, and bought a sprinkler system and Maudie and I programmed it. [Mr Henderson] Hello Maria. Jenny and I have been watching and wondering what’s going on here. You all look very serious. Oh Mr Henderson, I wouldn’t stand there, we’ve just been setting the-- [Jenny exclaims] Can you please please please do that to me on my birthday? We may have set the water pressure a little high. Jenny and Mr Henderson were drenched. -I can’t believe you did that to us! -These are my going out pants! Well, I didn’t do it on purpose! And anyway, you two shouldn’t have been spying on me. -Spying?! What! -Spying?! Well, I never! Well now you know. Anyway. Maudie and Ezra they programmed my new sprinkler so that while I’m away, every day between four and four-thirty, my garden, she get watered, and my roses will be perfecto for the judging next week. -You’re going away? -And you're leaving a sprinkler in charge? I could understand Mr Henderson and Jenny, thought maybe the sprinkler wouldn’t work well after they had got soaked, but Maudie and I made sure the pressure was perfect, and the timer was set properly-- -You know the problem with this story? -What? I’m not in it. Can we get to the part where I come in? We’re almost there. Mrs Maniaci went to Mt Gambier feeling good about her garden. -Then, on Sunday afternoon-- -Now am I in it? Yes. On Sunday afternoon-- Me, Ezra, Maudie and Ava were having cheese fondue. ...a meeting. But mainly cheese fondue which was so exciting because I had never had it before but Ava had brought her fondue set. So then you stick the bread on the end of the fork, and you dip it in the melted cheese. It was literally the best thing I've ever seen in my life. What is wrong with my Mum? Why does she not give me this every day for dinner? And you can do it with chocolate instead of cheese. Last night when I had a sleepover at Amelia’s house, we dipped strawberries into chocolate and they were delicious. So guys, we got an email about a missing guinea pig. I was in the middle of telling them about a possible case when we were interrupted. Loudly. Oh hi, Mrs Maniaci! How was the wedding? [speaking Italian] Mrs Maniaci had just got home, and was clearly very upset, because she couldn’t stop speaking in Italian, and it took her ages to calm down and speak English. The sprinkler! It’s flooded my roses! Maudie and I couldn’t see how that was possible. We all ran over to Mrs Maniaci’s house. We were sure she must have been exaggerating. She wasn’t exaggerating. The roses were definitely flooded. -And it was all Ezra’s fault. -It wasn’t! But that’s what Mrs Maniaci said. This is all your fault, Ezra! -What? -You must have set the timer wrong. I didn’t, we didn’t, did we Maudie? I didn’t think so, but it’s ten past five. It should have stopped at four-thirty. Maudie and I thought we must have set something wrong after all, so we went to inbestigate. And our findings were not so good. This is not what we set. This is set to water the garden for 42 hours. And it’s been going for 24 hours and 41 minutes. Someone had tampered with the timer. Three days before Neville’s Nursery Garden of the Year was to be judged, someone had re-set the sprinkler system so Mrs Maniaci’s garden had flooded. We turned the water off and Mrs Maniaci calmed down. [screams] No! No! Ah no! That’s right, no she didn’t. Mama Mia! Oh I know, Mrs Maniaci, what a terrible waste of water. I mean, um, what happened to your roses is obviously what’s terrible. Who would do such a thing?! I know exactly who would do such a thing. Mrs Maniaci was looking straight at Mr Henderson’s house. And before we could stop her she had stormed over there. -[Ezra] I followed but Maudie said... -Ezra, wait! Mrs Maniaci thinks that Mr Henderson tampered with her timer, and she may be right. We need to question him. I know, but we she should at least know what questions we’re asking. The sprinkler display says it’d been going on for 24 hours and 41 minutes when we turned it off at thirteen minutes past five. That means someone must have switched it on at-- -Midnight. -No. -Last Wednesday. -No. Tomorrow because they time travelled from the future! I think I watch too many movies. According to our calculations, not Kyle’s, someone had fiddled with the timer at... [both] Four thirty-two yesterday afternoon! Now we know what question to ask! [Ezra] We ran over to Mr Henderson’s, who was trying to understand what Mrs Maniaci was talking about. Admit it, Harry! You ruined my roses! I what?! You couldn’t stand me winning again, so you sabotaged me! Listen Maria, I’ve had big weekend of lawn bowls, and I’m tired and not in the mood for you yelling at me! Mr Henderson, what time did you get home from lawn bowls yesterday? What? Oh, I don’t know, probably six-thirty. Six thirty. That meant Mr Henderson could not have adjusted the sprinkler timer. Harry, I’m very sorry. I was wrong to accuse you like that. So I make for you my Bolognese sauce to make it up to you. Hm? -With meatballs? -Si, of course. Then all is forgiven. I wish every time someone apologised to me they made me Bolognese with meatballs. Mr Henderson was in the clear but Mrs Maniaci had another suspect in mind. Jenny! Before you start accusing Jenny-- I know it was her, she wants her succulents to win! Let’s ask her if she was even home at four-thirty. Oh! Ava suddenly remembered something. I just remembered something. Jenny came home yesterday afternoon at five-thirty. I know because I saw her. My Dad dropped me off at Amelia’s for my sleepover at five-thirty, and Jenny was getting home at the same time. -Hi Jenny! -Hi girls. What are you up to? I brought my new fondue set! We’re going to have strawberries in melted chocolate! -Did you get the strawberries? -Yep, look! Wow! Sounds delicious, have fun! Jenny was wearing her nurse’s uniform so she had just got home from work. -She couldn’t have done it, Mrs Maniaci. -Well. then who?! -Who would sabotage my roses? -Amelia. Amelia?! What? How? When? Why? But before Maudie could answer Ava’s many questions, Mrs Maniaci had charged over to Amelia’s house. Mrs Maniaci is a hothead. -[speaking Italian] -Wait, Mrs Maniaci. You don’t understand. She doesn’t understand. What about me? Amelia, you need to apologise to Mrs Maniaci for the thing you did that you don’t know you did. What Maudie meant was Amelia had messed up the timer without knowing it. It was an accident. That happened when you went to get the strawberries for Ava’s fondue -from Mrs Maniaci’s garden. -Of course, the strawberries! What about the strawberries? Mrs Maniaci always lets us. Amelia, when you went into the garden, the sprinkler was on, right? But I didn’t want to get wet  so I went to turn off the button. The sprinkler turned off  and I picked my strawberries...  but then when I went to turn it back on, it wouldn’t! Because it was just before four thirty, and it didn’t come back on because it was set to the timer. Timer? And you couldn’t understand why it wouldn’t come back on so... you pushed every button over and  over until the water started again. Amelia had no idea that she had reset the timer to water the garden for 42 hours. Amelia couldn’t believe  that she had maybe wrecked Mrs Maniaci’s chances of winning the competition. I am so, so, so sorry Mrs Maniaci. That’s okay. These things happen. That was it? So you’re not upset about the competition? Of course I’m upset! Everyone grab a bucket now! That was more like it. [Kyle] We all helped Mrs Maniaci scoop out the water and fix up the muddy bits in her garden. And we must have done an okay job. Because a couple of days later, Mrs Maniaci won Neville’s Nursery Garden of the Year Award -for the eighth year in a row. -Sweet! Except not the fertilizer prize. That still stank. [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Peculiar Pop Quiz. [camera beeps, whirs] This week the Inbestigators had a very unusual case, that I’m reporting while I also make sure my planner is up to date. It all started at netball training. [Ava] I was looking for the most  pumped-up netball in the bag, When I heard a very familiar voice. [Kelly] Ava, I need to talk to you. Who said that? The voice was very familiar but not instantly recognisable, which is why I said, “Who said that?” It’s me, Kelly. I’m round here. [Ava] It was Kelly Pickett  from my seniors team. Why are you hiding? Are you trying to get out of Mrs Parides’ drills? I want to hire the Inbestigators. I need a tutor. [Ava gasps] I could not believe what Kelly had said. Lots of people had hired us to be detectives. No one had hired us to be tutors. But I guess when you’ve got someone as smart as Maudie... And Ezra. Of course. I know you’ll watch this when you edit it, Ezra, so, yes, Kelly wanted Maudie and you to tutor her. I want Maudie to tutor me. -And Ezra? -Who’s Ezra? Why do you need to hire the Inbestigators if you want Maudie to tutor you? It’s a cover. I don’t want anyone in grade six to know that a grade five kid is tutoring me. -Okay. What do you need help in? -Mr Barker’s Pop Quiz. Mr Barker’s Pop Quiz is famous, because he has it in class every Friday, at the end of term he takes the team with the most amount of points to The Pancake Palace. We went to the Pancake Palace for Kyle’s birthday and we had the best time. But Kyle had the best best time. My PB is nine, I’m going to smash it! Well, he had the best time, until he threw up. I’m sorry to be disgusting, but as a detective I have to tell you all the facts. Kelly is an excellent wing attack, but not the best at remembering facts, which is why she had been using every opportunity to study for the Pop Quiz. Even at netball. [whistle blows] Offside, capital of France, wait, what? Why does your bib say 'capital of France', Ava? We’re helping Kelly study, Mrs Parides. Kelly? Capital of France? Paris? Oh, okay. You take the throw-in, Thomas Edison. Inventor of the lightbulb! It was netball and learning combined! I called it learnball! I think the name needs some work. Kelly was already studying really hard, so I wasn’t sure if Maudie, and Ezra, would be able to help. There must be something I can do to make my memory better. Here! Pass me the ball! And I really want to beat Dayani’s team. They win every week! Kelly looked so desperate like the time we found this tiny bird in our backyard and I told my Dad we had to take it to the vet, and he said no and I looked at my dad like the tiny bird looked at me, and so he did and... what was I saying? We agreed to help Kelly! We arranged to meet Kelly before school the next day. Maudie said we needed a cover story. So Kelly, we are so sorry to hear that you lost your bracelet. What bracelet? -The bracelet you lost. -I didn’t lose a bracelet. Yes, you did. Which is why you’re hiring us. To find it. We could maybe kind of see why she needed a tutor. [whispers] We know you haven’t really lost a bracelet. We’re just saying that. Oh! Sorry. So, what areas do you need help in? Apart from making up cover stories? Um, well... I don’t rally know... Maybe tell Maudie and Ezra how the Pop Quiz works. -Who’s Ezra? -I’m Ezra. It was the funniest thing. Kelly wanted Ezra to tutor her, she just didn’t know who he was. I'm sure she would have heard of him,  just didn’t know what he looked like. [laughs nervously] Anyway. Kelly told us that... Mr Barker splits us into teams, and then we all get a turn to do the quiz on behalf of our team. Like three weeks ago it was my go and I got to hold the little whiteboard and mark down my answers on behalf of my team. Wait, do you mean one of those little whiteboards with the wooden frames? -Yep. -I love those! -Me too! -Me too! Anyway, Mr Barker does questions across categories like science, English, humanities and sport. What score means deuce in a tennis match? A) Five hundred... [Kelly] It’s multiple choice so you write the answer down on your whiteboard. Ooh! Correct, Kelly and Dayani. It’s “B”: forty all. You get one point! That makes sense that Dayani would get a tennis question right. Dayani is really, really good at sport. Dayani is really, really good at everything. -I didn’t know that. -Neither did I until the Pop Quiz. I don’t mean to be rude but Dayani isn’t great at school work, but she gets every single question right. Every single question? Who was our first Prime Minister? A) Don Bradman, B) King George, C) Edmund Barton. -[Abby coughs loudly] -Woh, Abby, thank you for sharing. But cover your mouth, please! Or D) a puppy dog. Turn your boards! Great job, Dayani! Edmund Barton was our first Prime Minister! And Dayani’s team wins again this week! You thought our first Prime Minister was a puppy dog? I got put off by Abby coughing. It was very loud. So what happens with Dayani’s team when it’s not her turn? They still beat us, even when we’re doing well! Whether it’s Abby or Xavier or Paul, we can’t win. There was a lot of question asking happening and not a lot of tutoring. Shouldn’t we start studying instead of asking all these questions? I’m trying to understand what Dayani’s team might be doing differently. Apart from winning. I don’t know... They’re all really smart at different things. Xavier’s really brainy at maths and science. And Paul’s super good at English. But in the Pop Quiz, they’re all good at everything. And the only time they haven’t won, is the week that the whole class had a cold and lots of people were away. [coughing] No one’s getting these answers today, it's, it’s a cacoughony in here. Because a cacophony is a noisy... you know what, let’s forget the quiz for this week. [Mr Barker coughs] See what happens when we don’t cover our mouth, Abby? [coughs loudly] It’s my turn to stand up this week. Can you please, please help me with some concentrated tutoring? -No. -Maudie! That is very rude. Tutoring won’t help, Ava. But I think I know something that will. I was mad at Maudie for having such bad manners, but I was also busting to know what she was talking about. So was Kyle who finally decided to show up to our morning meeting. Hey guys, what’s happening? Kyle, where have you been? We arranged to meet at eight o’clock! Oh, this morning? I thought you meant eight o’clock tonight. Yeah, sorry, I slept in. What did I miss? Kelly hired us to solve a crime. [whispers] I lost a bracelet. Not that. An actual crime. That’s happening in Mr Barker’s Pop Quiz. Maudie said she didn’t want to say anything else until we had seen the Pop Quiz in action. See the Pop Quiz in action? How are we supposed to do that? We’re not in Mr Barker’s class. I know! We go into the grade six classroom every Friday to collect the lunch orders! Fridays are the busiest days for lunch orders, because your Mum and Dad have run out of energy and let you order whatever you like. Pixie and I are the lunch order monitors, but I needed to take Maudie instead. -How many syllables-- -[knock at the door] Well, good morning Miss Miller! How lovely to see you on lunch order duty. Thank you Mr Barker. Pixie couldn’t come because she... lost her bracelet. Okay. Not sure I understand the connection... Anyway, back to the quiz. How many syllables in a haiku? Kelly’s main competition was Abby from Dayani’s team. She writes the ‘On This Day’ history blog on our school website, Abby is really good at making old stuff seem fun -[Mr Barker] A) -[Ava whispers] That’s Abby there. -[Mr Barker] One hundred. -Where are the others in her team? -[Mr Barker] B) Four. -Um... That’s Paul with the glasses. -[Mr Barker] C) Seventeen. -And that’s Xavier next to him. -[Mr Barker] Or D).., Maudie walked over to Dayani’s table, which was annoying, because she was upsetting  my lunch order collecting routine. Okay, another English question: Which of these plays was written by William Shakespeare? A) Hairy Maclary from Donaldson’s Dairy. -Hey, can you move? -B) Lord of the Flies. -Move please! -C) Romeo and Juliet. -Move! -D) The Hunger Games. Turn your boards! Correct, Kelly! It’s C! [Ava] That’s when I noticed  something about Dayani’s team. They were rude. Also, they got an answer wrong, so they didn’t get every answer right like Kelly had said. But I mainly noticed that they were rude. Mr Barker, can you tell  the grade fives to get out? I didn’t know what Maudie was looking for, but she obviously needed some more time to look for it. Mr Barker we’re waiting for Kevin! Luckily for us, Kevin Milocec had forgotten to do his lunch order at home, and it took him ages to decide what he wanted. Also, I didn’t really make things clearer for him. Okay, one pie. Are you sure? It feels like more of a pizza day. Where were the 2012 Olympics?  A) Rio de Janeiro. [Ava] Kevin had scribbled  so much his pen ran out. -[Mr Barker] B) Melbourne. -Hey Dayani, can I borrow your pen? -No. -[Mr Barker] C) London. Who doesn’t lend a pen when you need it for something as important as a lunch order? I changed his mind again and he went for sushi, after he borrowed a pen from Xavier. Who was being gross. -[Mr Barker] C) Venus, D) Jupiter. -[Xavier makes a sniffing sound] Use a tissue Xavier! There were some serious hygiene issues in this class. The answer was D! Abby, that puts you in the lead. Poor Kelly. She had been going really well. but apart from one, Abby had gotten every answer right. She was one correct answer away from a stack of pancakes. How many people are there on a Rugby Union team? Hey! Maudie just took the pen out of Dayani’s hand! We had no idea what she was doing until Mr Barker called the answer. [Mr Barker] Please turn your whiteboards. Oh, Abby, what a shame. D is not the answer, now we have a tie. Mr Barker, we need to do another question! She took my pen! What’s your pen got to do with anything, Dayani? Ah... um... Because that how she cheats, Mr Barker. She cheats?! Maudie, what are you talking about? I’d like to ask you the same thing, Miss Miller. How exactly was Dayani using her pen to cheat? She was clicking it to say the right answer. That’s why she wouldn’t lend Kevin her pen. -Hey Dayani, can I borrow your pen? -No. C) London. [clicks pen] And that’s why she was upset when I took it during the rugby question. She does the sport answers. -Dayani! Is this true? -[Abby] Yes! It is! I’m so sorry! Poor Abby! But also, I can’t believe she cheated! I’ve never cheated before, I promise! All this time I thought I wasn’t studying hard enough, and the two of you have been cheating. The four of them. -What? -It was Paul and Xavier too. The whole class was in total shock, as Maudie explained that Paul cheated in the English questions... by pushing his glasses up  his nose on the right answer. And let me guess. Xavier had some secret signal for science answers? More disgusting than secret. [sniffs loudly] Yuck, Xavier! Pretend snot is still revolting! And Abby? You had history? And when she heard the right answer she coughed. -How did you know? -You just told me. -C) Edmund Barton. -[coughs loudly] Oh my goodness, I’m so sorry Mr Barker! I’m so sorry Kelly. I’m so sorry everyone! Abby was so sorry. But Mr Barker was so mad. I’m resetting your scores to zero and I’ll be calling your parents. Mr Barker, it’s all my fault. I wanted to go to The Pancake Palace because my Mum’s gluten free, and we never get to go. It may have been your idea but all three of you went along with it. Kelly, I do hope you like pancakes. [cheering] I was so happy that Kelly’s hard work meant she got to go to the Pancake Palace, and that we got our netball bibs back to normal. Thank goodness Kelly asked Maudie to tutor her! And of course Ezra too. Both of them. Yay. [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 