The InBESTigators: Season 1, Episode 19 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The InBESTigators 
 s1e19 - The Case of the Disoriented Drone - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The InBESTigators (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 19 - The Case of the Disoriented Drone - full transcript 
 After a little girl's drone is blown away, the Inbestigators must prove that a boy in a neighbouring house has claimed it as his own. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Disoriented Drone. [whirring] Ezra’s at a chess tournament today,  so he left Kyle and me to-- Try out all this cool detective stuff he’s been buying for us. I was going to say report this week’s case. -Ah. -Which actually started with one of the cool detective things he’s been buying for us. Oh yeah, the walkie-talkies! Because you, me, Ava and Ezra went to the park to test them out. This is Nightingale to Falcon, do you read me, over? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -This is Falcon. I’m here with-- -Diamond Moon. Diamond Moon, so far there’s been no sign-- Actually can I be Mystic Rainbow? Sure. There’s no sign of-- Ooh, what about Dazzle Diablo?! Pick a name or I will call you Jonathan. Well you can call me Captain Karate! Yah! Take that! Falcon, I’m here with Captain Karate who is doing some very impressive karate. This is jiu-jitsu. Why would you think this is karate? Because you literally have the word ‘karate’ in your name. Yeah, that makes sense. The walkie-talkies sounded amazing even when we were really far away. And this is amazing for when  we need to be up close. This carpet needs a vacuum. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We were all relaxing together in the park, -when Ezra noticed... -Woh, cool drone! I think that little girl is controlling it with an app. Over. She’s cool. Over Woh! That drone has a camera in it,  she must be filming with it! Over. [farting noise] What?! Who did, come on everyone! Pretty sure that was Ezra. The little girl’s drone was going higher and higher. -Look how tiny it’s getting! -Uh-oh. [beeping, whirring] I don’t think she wants it to be that tiny. We realised the little girl wasn’t controlling the drone anymore. The wind’s blowing it away! No! The little girl was so upset. Daddy! My drone blew away and I couldn’t make it come back! Ava was also very upset. Um... who are you? Oh, my name is Ava Andrikides,  what’s yours? -Zoya. -Hi Zoya! I’m from the Inbestigators Detective Agency, and what happened to your drone was absolutely terrible, so we would like to find it for you. -Really? -I promise. And if we don’t find it, we will buy you a new one and take you on a shopping spree as an apology. Ava gets very carried away sometimes. Ezra reminded her we didn’t have any money for a shopping spree, because he’d spent it all on our own shopping spree. But he told Zoya he thought we could find her drone because it had a camera in it which was connected to her tablet. I’ll watch the footage back and hopefully  I can figure out where it landed. And we’ll start searching on-foot and if you find anything... -You do the talkie while we do the walkie. -Nice one, Nightingale. -So Kyle, Ava and I went off-- -[beeping] -What does this do? -It beeps. -But what does the beeping mean? -It means I can’t tell the story. [beeping continues] -Please go on. -[beeping continues] [Maudie sighs] Ezra stayed with Zoya and looked through the drone footage on her tablet. [Ezra] The footage is cutting in and out a lot. But it looks like it flew over some of the houses across the road. Maybe it landed somewhere around there? Over. -[whirring sound] -Is that my drone? Did you find it? [Maudie] No, that’s just Kyle. To find the drone, we must become the drone. Why don’t we knock door-to-door and see if it’s landed in anyone’s yard? Over. [Ezra] Good plan, Jonathan! Cool, right? So we can look for evidence at night-time! Even though my mum says no Inbestigating after five-thirty. It’s not even dark at five-thirty. Why did Ezra buy this? Ava and Kyle and I knocked on a bunch of doors. No one had seen Zoya’s drone. But Zoya’s drone had seen something very helpful. Wait, what is that? -[whirring sound] -[dog barks] Nightingale! We have vision! Repeat, we have vision! Over. What can you see? Falcon? What can, oh.... Over! Thank you. We can see that the drone has landed, and there’s grass,  it looks like a backyard. Ah, it disappeared again. There was a lawnmower! I saw a lawnmower! A lawnmower! People keep their lawnmowers in the shed,  unless they’re actually mowing. So we just needed to find  somebody mowing their lawn. We... Okay so this may look like makeup, but it’s actually a dust  that detects fingerprints. Disguised as makeup so no one gets suspicious. It can also be used as a face shimmer, though, so I could share it with my Mum. Ooh, she can use it after five-thirty. So they’ll open the door and I’ll say, "It's karate time!" I haven’t let you say that at any of the other houses, why would this one be different? Yeah? Hello. We were just wondering if a drone landed in your backyard? Nah. That would have gone better if we’d started with ‘It’s karate time’. It seriously wouldn’t have. Well he needed to go to manners school for about a hundred years. Definitely and also, did you see his socks? They had grass stains on them,  like he’d been mowing. And, he was scratching himself. Grass makes you itchy! Woh! Check it! A mini-safe! For mini-money! Wait, there’s no such thing as mini-money. This mini-safe is useless. Sorry, were you saying something? The boy at the door had definitely looked  like he’d been mowing the lawn, but Ava said, He said he hadn’t seen the drone. But what if he had seen the drone, and the reason he was rude to us is because he took it and kept it for himself. Who would do that?! Maudie, not everyone with grass stains on them and is itchy has been mowing the lawn. Take me for example. Today I have been rolling down grass hills  crawling on grass, trying to bury myself in grass, maybe eating some grass. [Ezra] Get to the point! Over. But I haven’t been mowing grass. I guess that’s true. Maybe he’s not a liar, maybe he’s just a Kyle. I really liked the idea of there being two Kyles. We would be exactly like identical twins except that we don’t look the same, he’s a lot older and we’re not related. Maudie wanted to look into the other Kyle’s backyard, so we went around  the back behind the houses.  His house would be... This one! So, if I see a lawnmower or even freshly cut grass in his backyard, he probably has the drone. Kyle, shoulders. Kyle Klimson. How do you not know my name yet? -I need to get on your shoulders. -Oh! Nightingale is climbing on Captain Karate’s shoulders. Over. -Sounds good, Jonathan. Over. -Stop calling me Jonathan! I want to be Magenta Star. No, The Golden Peacock. What about Jupiter Jac, oh! We have vision! [Kyle] What can you see? I could see a lot. [Maudie] A lot of water. There’s no lawnmower. And no grass. -Well, I guess he’s just a Kyle after all. -Yes! I’ve always wanted a twin! Can you see in the backyards  next door while you’re up there? Good idea! Woh. Kyle’s twin may not have been mowing his lawn, but someone else was mowing theirs. Kyle’s twin may not have been mowing his lawn, but someone else was mowing theirs. Recording device. Hi! We were just wondering what is your baby’s name and how old is it and also it is really cute so congratulations-- And also we’re looking for a lost drone and we were wondering if it landed in your backyard? That was my next question. Oh, I haven't seen a drone, I’m sorry! Um I just have to go and change the baby. Woh. What’s wrong with that one? I just, I have to change its nappy. But you can go around the side and have a look in the backyard though if you like? The lady, whose name was Kate, let us go into her backyard. And do a proper check. [electronic fanfare] Whoa, how did you do that? I didn’t make that noise. I was just going to say that the drone isn’t here. -So that must mean... -The baby ate the drone. No, Kyle! It means Kate already  took the drone and she lied to us. Ava was very upset that someone as nice as Kate could steal the drone and lie about it. Why hello there! My name is Kylypso Klimsky! I’m a millionaire traveller with a taste for the finer things. It’s just me, Kyle. So when Kate came out, Ava was mad. For a second. Kate, how could you?! Also, your baby’s jumpsuit is the most adorable thing I’ve ever seen.. [electronic fanfare] Kate, when you were mowing the grass before, Oh, I don’t do that! We hire someone to mow the lawns for us. That wouldn’t be the boy that lives next door, would it? Oh, yeah! How did you know? Um, Angus. His Dad lost his job and they’re a little low on money, so we pay him to do a few odd jobs. I'm just going to go and get this one a bottle. [electronic fanfare playing] I realised that the diddle-a-dingdi-ding sound was coming from Angus’s backyard. -[electronic fanfare playing] -Shh! He might have the drone. [whispers] Come on. [whispers] I’ll get on Kyle’s shoulders. Shh. [whispers] It was very tense. [beeping] -[beeping] -[electronic fanfare playing] He’s downloaded the app Zoya had and he’s using it on the drone! -[Ezra] Hey are you guys still there? -[groan] -[Ava screams] -[thump] -[Ezra] Guys? -Thanks a lot, Falcon. Oops. We were cross with Ezra but Ava was more cross with Angus. She marched back around to his front door. Angus! Open the door! We know you stole the drone when you were mowing Kate’s lawn! And I hope you that realise you’ve stolen that drone from a little girl, and she was so sad when the drone blew away, and even if your Dad lost his job,  that's no excuse for stealing, and I’m going to email the mayor about this because... It was no use. Angus wouldn’t come out. They had to come back over and tell Zoya the bad news. Zoya, I am so, so, so, so, so, so... so, so. Hang on, I’m not finished yet. So, so, -So, so-- -Look! [Kyle] The drone flew straight over  and landed right in front of us. -What? -I don’t believe it. I know. This looks just like your drone, Zoya. It is my drone! There’s something stuck to it. It’s a note. [Maudie reads] "I’m really sorry for taking your drone. I’ve always thought they were cool, so when I saw yours I got greedy and took it. I hope you can forgive me for being so rude, and please accept this note as a coupon for free lawn mowing whenever you want, and I promise I won’t steal anything ever again. Best wishes, from Angus." [electronic fanfare playing] Zoya did forgive Angus, and she was so happy to get her drone back and she let us play with it too. [Maudie] Go left! Go left! [Kyle makes buzzing sound] Another successful case closed, Nightingale. Well done, Captain Karate... Over. [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Baffling Birthday. Today is Maudie’s birthday. So last week Ava asked what she always asks when someone’s birthday's coming up. -Are you having a party? -No. -Why not? -I don’t know. I’ve never had a party. You’ve never had a birthday party? Birthday parties to Ava are like kidneys, it’s impossible to live without having at least one. How do you celebrate? Well, my Dad and I will cook a special dinner of whatever I choose. This year I think it will be roast chicken and chocolate cake. Not together, but maybe together. -And we might go see a movie. -Maudie. That all sounds amazing and I love it, but that is not a party. Ava explained that a party with your friends was different because-- Parties with your friends are like laser tag or paint ball, or stuff that you can’t do with your Mum because it gives her a headache. But it’s also a chance for your friends to celebrate your birthday-- Because they don’t get headaches. There was no way Ava was going to let Maudie miss out on a party with her friends. ♪ Happy Birthday dear Maudie Happy Birthday to you! ♪ [cheering, clapping] This is the best birthday ever. Maudie has obviously never been to laser tag. I was about to suggest we play paintball when-- Luckily someone came to the door. Hello... I’m looking for the Inbestigators? This is us. How can we help you? I’m hoping you can help me find someone. A birthday and a crime? This could be the most exciting day of Maudie’s life. Sit down please Mr... Brian, you can call me Brian. Brian. Start from the beginning and Kyle, you take notes. Me? Can you describe who you are looking for? Um, I think so, yeah, uh... -She's small. -She's small. -Brown hair, short. -Brown hair, short. -Brown eyes. -Brown eyes. He's taking down everything isn't he? He is taking down everything isn't he? Oh, I know, it’s her birthday today. -Birthday today. -She goes by the name... [Kyle] She goes by the name... Maudie. Maudie. Okay good. What else can you tell us? -Kyle, this is my Dad. -Oh! Good news. We’ve found Maudie. Maudie was so excited to have her Dad drop in unexpectedly. But not as excited as Ava. We are so glad that you could drop by for the party, Dr Miller. It is such an honour to meet you. It’s lovely to meet you too Ava. And Kyle and Ezra. Yeah, Maudie's told me a lot about you. And she's told us a lot about you too, and your amazing job operating on people’s brains. Woh! While they’re awake? He’s a neurosurgeon not a mad scientist. You do some procedures while patients are awake, don’t you, Dad? We do. See?! He is a mad scientist. Yeah, I'm actually giving a paper, a talk, about operations just like that next month at a conference. Oh yes, in Hong Kong! That will be so much fun! Maudie may have told Ava a lot about her Dad, but she hadn’t told her about him going to Hong Kong. Because Maudie didn’t know he was going to Hong Kong. What conference in Hong Kong? The one your Dad is going to. You told me about it. No I didn’t. You must have, Mauds, and then forgotten. You’re right. That’s unlikely. This is the first I’ve heard about Hong Kong. So how do you know, Ava? Oh! You know, there was a letter on your noticeboard. I saw it the day I came over. Remember? The day I hurt my ankle. Ava had gone to Maudie’s house after school two days before, and she was sure that she saw a letter about Maudie’s Dad’s conference. There was definitely not any letter about Hong Kong on our noticeboard. -Maybe the fridge? -No. There must have been! I'm sure I got some information about the conference in a letter. You did? Maudie was determined to show us that she hadn't missed any letter about any conference. Come on, we’re all going to my house. To look for a letter? Do we have to? Let’s go. Are you sure you don’t want to stay here and play paint ball? Maudie did not want to play paintball. Maudie wanted to go to her house and prove that Ava had made a mistake. [Ezra] Maudie and Brian live in a really nice house they moved into this year  when they came back from England. Maudie took us straight to the noticeboard  where Ava thought she saw the letter. No letter. I told you. [Ezra] Maudie and her Dad have lots and lots of books and magazines and medical journals and-- What Ezra’s trying to say is that they’ve got stuff everywhere, and a letter could easily get lost. Maudie, how are we going to find a letter in here? It’s like looking for a needle in a carpet. It’s like looking for a needle in a haystack. Not a carpet. Have you ever looked for a needle in the carpet? Because I have, in our lounge room, and we never found it, so now we all have to wear shoes. Also, who is sewing in a haystack? Ava tried to remember where she had seen the letter, when she came over to Maudie’s house on Thursday. Okay, so you and I were here at the table working on our assignment, on Parliament House... we thought it was time for a treat, so we went to the kitchen and got some ice-cream. You got out the sprinkles and I put the ice-cream away. Then we went back to our assignment which was all here. The only other place we went was... the backyard! You showed me the herbs  and tomatoes you were growing, and I tripped over the path  and that’s when I rolled my ankle. But I certainly didn’t see any letters out in the garden. No lettuce. Just tomatoes. No time for jokes, Kyle. I don’t understand! There is no letter about a conference in Hong Kong here Dad. But you said you got one. So what did you do after you opened it? Well that’s the very strange part... I didn’t open the letter. Ava said she saw a letter on the noticeboard, about Maudie’s Dads conference in Hong Kong. Maudie’s Dad said yes, there was a letter like that, but he hadn’t opened it. So how did Ava know what the letter said? And where was the letter now? And was I supposed to do that assignment on Parliament House? -Yes. -Bum. What do you mean ‘you didn’t open it’? I mean, that after you left for school on Thursday morning I... took the letter out of my briefcase, and put it on the kitchen bench. It was sent to me at work and because I knew it had the conference details, I thought I’ll leave it and I’ll look at it properly tonight. But when I got home... the envelope was gone. An envelope? I thought we were looking for a letter! I did see an envelope! It was in the freezer! That’s right. She said the freezer. The freezer? After Ava rolled her ankle outside, she thought she should ice it. So I would be okay for netball, which is very tough on ankles. So I got the frozen peas out from under the ice-cream, and there was an envelope wedged there. The envelope must have stuck to the bottom of the ice-cream tub when Ava put it away. So it’s in the freezer! Why would I leave an envelope in the freezer, Kyle? The same reason I leave an empty milk carton in the fridge! I can’t be bothered taking it out. Well I did take it out. Then what did you do with it? I put it on the bench. Remember Ava? Um... maybe...? [Maudie] I gave you the frozen peas and you sat on the stools resting your ankle, and the envelope was  on the bench in front of you. So I wonder where it is now? And also you’ve forgotten something really important. What? I can’t remember. [Brian] I know what you’ve forgotten. The envelope was sealed. I told you, I never opened it. So we still don’t know how Ava could have read the letter which was inside. Maudie did know how Ava could have read the letter which was inside. And it made her very unhappy. Ava accidentally put the envelope in the freezer, and then a couple of hours later, I took it out. And the seal had come unstuck. What seal? The seal on the envelope. The sticky part. Everyone knows that a sealed envelope unsticks after a little while in the freezer. Everyone knows that? Really? How does everyone know that? Was there a group text that I wasn’t on? Because I don’t know that. -Finished? -Yes. Thank you. Maudie said... The envelope had popped open and was on the bench in front of Ava. Do you remember what happened next? Yes. I told you about the time when I rolled my ankle when I was icing it with the frozen peas, but then I accidentally ate them all while I was on the couch, and my Mum got really mad at me because she needed them for the risotto. After that you said? Speaking of my Mum, I should call her to pick me up. Where’s my phone? Oh Maudie, I think I dropped it out near the tomatoes when I tripped. Okay, I’ll go have a look. [Maudie] So I left you here alone with the unsealed envelope. But then I found my phone in my pocket, what a duffer! Oh look! My phone is right here! I should go pack up my stuff. Ow! You were suddenly in a big hurry to leave. What are you saying, Maudie? I’m saying that the only way you could have known about my Dad’s conference in Hong Kong, is if you opened the letter and read it. Woh, that’s a big accusation, Maudie. And you still haven’t told us, what happened to the envelope? Well, when I came back inside, I startled Ava. I guess she must have quickly put the letter into the envelope and hidden it... in this magazine. -Woh! -Amazing, Maudie! -So that’s what happened? -Yes. Except I don’t believe it. You don’t? Why not? Ava would never in a billion years read a letter that wasn't addressed to her. But you saw me Maudie, you were there. And you’ve just worked it all out. Well, she hasn’t quite worked it all out, have you Mauds? No... You haven’t read the letter, surely the letter is the final piece of the puzzle. Watching Maudie’s Dad talk to Maudie explained a lot about Maudie. My Dad and I don’t talk about puzzles and stuff. Sometimes we try to do the Sudoko, but we always get distracted and start reading the comics. Your Dad’s right. You should read the letter. The letter was not for Maudie’s Dad. The letter was not about a conference in Hong Kong. The letter said... "Dear Maudie, you are the cleverest person we know which is why it was super super hard to plan a surprise party for you." Go on! "Obviously we needed your Dad’s help, and he suggested that we should make up an investigation, so we could get you to your house without you guessing, which is how we came up with the letter about his conference in Hong Kong." There is no conference in Hong Kong! -Is there? -No! Keep going Maudie. "Sorry to have made you think that Ava did something wrong," I didn’t. "but we really wanted to give you two very special things for your birthday, a puzzle to solve and a party with your friends. Love Ava, Ezra and Kyle." You were all in on this? Even me! So you all had met my Dad before today? Yes! I hope you don’t mind that we were so sneaky. We met for a hot chocolate and Ava insisted that you absolutely had to be given a party with your friends. I loved my party with my friends. What party? Oh, you mean back at the office? Maudie, please! Maudie didn’t have a lot of friends at her old school. So she thought having a little cake with the three of us in our office - was awesome. -But Ava was offended that Maudie thought that was her actual party. That wasn’t a party. [all] Surprise! This is a party! [chatter, laughter] Happy birthday! Here are the lollies for the party bags, guys. Hey! These are suppose to have Happy Birthday stamps on them! They do. On one side. And The Inbestigators on the other! Ezra! This is no time for advertising! Are they Inbestigator slash Birthday lolly bags? Yeah, sorry Maudie-- This is the best day of my life! [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 