The InBESTigators: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The InBESTigators 
 s1e3 - The Case of the Missing Solar System - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The InBESTigators (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Case of the Missing Solar System - full transcript 
 Pixie is horrified when her solar system diorama goes missing and Miss Tan falsely accuses her of not doing her homework. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [upbeat instrumental music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Missing Solar System. Here at the Inbestigators, we never know which mystery client is going to walk through that door. Mum said did you take the cereal again? [whirring] But last Thursday, a mystery client didn’t have to come to us, because last Thursday, a mystery-- Mum said if you bring food out here you have bring it back. What was I saying? A client didn’t have to come to you, because last Thursday a mystery-- 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Poppy! I’ve got it. Last Thursday a mystery happened right under our noses, at school. [Ezra] It was the day that our  Solar System Dioramas were due. -Hi Kyle! -Hi Maudie. -Yours is so good! -Thanks. I’m really happy with it. Wow, yours is not very good. That doesn’t sound very kind. Firstly, why are you still here? Secondly, Maudie can’t help telling the truth and she’s trying to get better. Sorry. I just meant that... um...  you’re very good at sport. It’s my own fault. I know it is because my Mum always says, ‘It’s your own fault, Kyle’. She’s right cos I always forget about it till the night before, and everybody else works on theirs for ages. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Like last time when we did  our animal habitat dioramas,  and Amelia did this  amazing one for a tree frog,  and Ezra did this awesome monkey one  and the jungle looked really real,  It was a very good representation of where  the Indonesian macaque monkeys live, if I do say so myself. But mine wasn’t the best. Ezra’s wasn’t the best. You should have seen what Justin made. [whale noises] [Kyle] He had a whale diorama that had like, a soundscape, And the whale had a blowhole  that actually spouted water. Seriously? The whale spouted? Justin’s super good at water and stuff. When we did our Antarctica project, he did his melting ice caps. [Kyle] with actual melting ice caps. I like your diorama. I like the way you’ve used little bits of macaroni as space debris. Oh, no, that’s actual macaroni, that spilled from my dinner. Yum! Yeah, Kyle didn’t really care that much about his diorama, and anyway, we had PE first up, so he had more important things to think about. Ava! What is this?! -It’s a pink rubber ball. -It’s not a softball! It’s got an S on it. And it’s soft. Where’s the actual softball?! Can’t we play with that one? Amelia found  it in the garden and it’s adorable. Do you realise that you’ve just wasted thirty seconds of PE time? Kyle cared a lot more about using the right ball in PE than his diorama. And anyway, at least he had done his. [Ezra] Because, after that,  we found out not everyone had. Pixie? Where’s yours? [Ezra] Pixie is Ava’s best friend. It’s there... It was there. It’s... where is it? Where’s my diorama?! Pixie asking ‘where’s my diorama?’  is like me asking ‘where’s my tutu’? I never had one in the first place. Pixie! You promised me you would have your solar system here. -Miss, I did! I made it! -Miss, she did! She made it! It’s got all the planets hanging  and it’s really pretty! -It’s really pretty! -So you saw it, Ava? Um... -Ava wanted to say she had seen it. -So, had she done it or not? I’m getting to that and also, go away. Pixie had arrived late because she is always late. [Ezra] So no one saw her come  in with her diorama. Not even Ava. Well, I didn’t exactly see it because we were doing PE when Pixie came to school, but I’m one hundred percent sure that if Pixie said she did it then she did it. Of course she didn’t do it, Miss Tan. Pixie never does her work! Oh, that's so mean! I know, Amelia really wanted Pixie to get in trouble. She should get a detention, Miss! Amelia, please,  you are not being very kind at all! Now, did anybody see Pixie with her diorama? Someone must have! Justin, you came in late this morning, didn’t you? Yep, I had the dentist. I came at the end of PE. Maudie remembered that she had seen Justin carrying his diorama into the classroom  when we were finishing PE. Please Mrs Parides! One more round! By the way, Justin, did your mother remember to sign the late book? My Grandma did. She brought me into school today. My Mum and Dad are still  in the UK for my Mum’s work. Oh that’s right! Are they doing any sightseeing? Oh, I love England. Have they visited any castles? -[Maude] Miss Tan! -Yes? We’re very off-topic. Oh, sorry Maudie. So Justin, when you came in this morning, did you see Pixie’s solar system here? -No. -See?! She didn’t do it! I mean, I don’t know. They all look the same. [Ezra] It was true. Everyone got their  foam balls from the two dollar shop. then painted them blue, orange and yellow. But mine didn’t look like that! All my planets were pink! All of them? All of them! Mars, Jupiter, Earth, Venus, Uranus, Saturn, Mercury, Neptune, Sagittarius. Sagittarius isn’t a planet. Um, it totally is. It’s my Mum’s planet so I think I know. Putting aside Pixie’s astrology/astronomy confusion, she knew the other planets. She sounded  like she had done her homework. So the planets were pink... And the stars were stick-on diamante  earrings that I got for my birthday -but I never wore and-- -I knew you never wore them! I gave you stick on diamante earrings! -Oh. Well. I didn’t mean-- -Hey, I found it! Pixie, why is it in the bin?! That’s not mine! Then whose is it? So, now we had one missing diorama. And one extra diorama. Pixie, are you sure this isn’t yours and just looks different because it’s been in the bin? Those planets are made out of paper! Mine were foam balls that I spray painted pink and also a pink rubber ball that-- -[Maudie] A pink rubber ball? -[Poppy] A pink rubber ball? There was a pink rubber ball in PE! Remember, Ezra? Ava threw the little pink ball instead of the softball! Do you want to sit here and tell the story? -Can I?! -You don’t know what happened! Oh yeah. What happened? Miss Tan said we’d continue the discussion after snack... Off we go! ...which meant we had  twenty-five minutes to investigate. Kyle, do you still have that pink rubber ball? Yep. Sagittarius! Where did you find it? He didn’t. Amelia did. What did you do with it?! You took my diorama! No I didn’t! -You wanted to get me in trouble! -Yeah, but-- You were mad at me because I forgot to come to your house for a sleepover, and then you were extra mad because I used your diamante stick on earrings! I didn’t even know you’d used them until you told me! She’s right, Pixie. She couldn’t have taken your diorama. She was with us at PE the whole time. Then where did you get this ball from? It was in there. I swear I just found it. I didn’t know it was a planet from your diorama. And I would never wreck your work. Even if you did forget to come to my house for a sleepover. I’m sorry. You know I’ve got a really bad memory. I know. I’m sorry I said you should get a detention. [happy music playing] Girls. [Ezra] We started looking around  for the rest of Pixie’s diorama. It must be here somewhere. But if Amelia didn’t throw Pixie’s diorama in here, who did? -[Maudie] No one! -Someone took it! Yes, someone took it. But they didn’t  throw it out. Well, only this bit. Pixie’s diorama isn’t here. But it might have been in there. I think someone threw this ball out the art room window. Things were beginning to fall into place. They were? Well no, things were beginning to fall into place for Maudie. [Ezra] Which is why we all quickly  followed her up to the art room. It’s not here! But it was. Someone brought your diorama up here and tried to make it look like their own. What?! First, they knew you had too many planets, so they threw ‘Sagittarius’ out the window. What do you mean I had too many planets? Then they painted over your other planets to make it look like the other yellow, blue and orange solar systems! Yes! The paint jars are evidence! But that water’s green... And what happens when you put blue and yellow together? Miss Nankervis yells at me for mixing up the paints? Kyle really struggles to stay on topic. Blue and yellow paint make green. Whoever did this used the same brush for both colours. Oh boy, Miss Nankervis is going to be furious. But how do we know those paint jars were from this morning? Because look! The paint still isn’t dry on this butcher’s paper that they painted on. Oh! And also... My diamante stick on earrings!! They scraped the stars off?! Why? So nobody would know it was your diorama and whoever did this could pretend it was theirs. [Ava] Who would do that?! Someone who didn’t like his own diorama so much that he threw it in the bin. -He?! -[Poppy] I know who it was! I remember from the story who didn’t like his diorama! It was Kyle! No it wasn’t. He didn’t really care, remember? Kyle got distracted by PE. Then whose was it? Hurry up! It was the end of snack time so we went back to class, but Maudie made us stop at the office because she wanted to borrow the late sign-in book. Mm! Well Justin it’s not as elaborate as your other assignments where's the water feature?! Oh no, I’m just joking, your diorama is lovely. Except Miss Tan, that’s not Justin’s diorama. -What? -What? -That’s Justin’s diorama. -No it’s not! No, Justin doesn't do work like that. Not normally, no. That’s Pixie’s diorama. Which was pink and sparkly and beautiful before he wrecked it! Wait, you think that Justin took Pixie’s diorama? I don’t think. I know. Look... Pixie arrived late this morning at 9.15, and then brought her diorama into  the classroom, and then went down to PE. Justin arrived a few minutes after. No, Justin was at the dentist the whole morning. Not the whole morning. His grandmother signed him in at 9.25, which was definitely not at the end of PE. [Maudie] Justin brought  his diorama into the classroom, saw how good the others were and felt  panicked that his wasn’t good enough. He shoved his in the bin and grabbed  the one closest to the door. [Pixie] Which was mine! And it took me ages! Justin, is this true? Oh Justin! How could you, what did you do with Pixie’s pink planets? I painted them. And I threw one out the window. What, why? [Maudie] Because when Justin ran into the art room  he saw Pixie had nine  planets instead of eight,  so he threw the pink  rubber ball out the window,  which Amelia found in the garden  while she was fielding in softball. Then Justin painted the other planets,  pulled off the diamante stick on stars.  But that paint couldn’t have dried in such a short time. And these are completely dry! Because when he’d finished, Justin bought his diorama to the boys’ toilets and held it under the hand dryer. [Maudie] That’s where he was coming from  when we saw him carrying  his diorama at the end of PE. [Mrs Parides] All right, pack it up! Please Mrs Parides! One more round! [Maudie] He wasn’t arriving at school, which explains why his  Grandma wasn’t with him. [Poppy] I can’t believe Justin would do that! I thought he always did really good projects! He did. That was the problem. You stole Pixie’s work?! I’m really sorry. I don’t understand, I’ve seen your other assignments. -But Justin didn’t do those. -What?! I think Justin’s parents normally do his work for him. [Kyle] That’s why it’s always so amazing with ice sculptures and stuff. I don’t ask them to! They just always want it to be really good. But, Justin's parents are in England right now, and he didn’t know how to make his diorama on his own. It’s kind of not his fault, Miss. Miss Tan said she would have a good talk to Justin’s parents about letting him do his own work. -Did Justin get punished? -Big time. Miss Tan said he had to help Pixie remake her diorama, and he had to do it every lunchtime, with Pixie, Ava and Amelia  all telling him what to do. He will never steal again. I can’t believe Maudie  worked all of that out. When I grow up, I want to be like Maudie. -She’s two years older than you. -When I grow two years up. [sighs] Please go inside now. Can we just talk a little bit more about Maudie? -I'm turning this-- -[beep] [upbeat instrumental music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Distressed Dancer. [beep] This is a special Inbestigators report from school, because Ezra's off sick with tonsillitis. And he’s really contagious so we can’t use our office. Yum, thank you. [beep] [beep] One for Kyle and Ezra too. We can drop it off at his front  door if we hold our breath. Good idea. So, two Fridays ago, I was in the office. -And I was at tennis camp. -With Ezra. -No, I was by myself. -I was with Ezra when we had a visitor. My name’s Zac O’Halloran. [Maudie] Zac O’Halloran had a big problem. My dance recital was sabotaged. His dance recital was... sabotaged?! How?! Oh, were you about to say? Sorry. Zac is in a dance group at Dance Dreams dance school, and he told us that they are really, really good. Well, we’re normally really, really good. But something went wrong at our end-of-term concert. What happened? Someone sabotaged our music. [upbeat rock music playing] ♪This feeling that you got oh baby♪ ♪I'll make sure you'll never regret it♪ Our song was all sped up. [song speeds up] [Zac] It got faster and faster  and we couldn’t keep up. [song gets faster and faster] The whole audience was laughing at us. [music gets faster] [audience laughs] It was so embarrassing. We didn’t come out till everyone had left, and there was literally no one  except the girl stacking the chairs.  because we couldn’t face anyone. I’m sure your family understood. Do you know what my Nanna said? “Have you ever thought about wrestling? It’s like what you did but without the music.” Oh I’m sure it wasn’t that bad. The video of the concert was posted online. It was that bad. [music gets faster and faster] [Zac] And now it’s there for the whole world to see. I want my name cleared. You mean as a good dancer? That might be tricky after that video. My group thinks I had something to do with the song being fast. -Why would they think that? -The song played out of my phone. -[dance music playing] -[Zac] And spin. Hi. Excuse me! Hi, um, can I please get your concert song? I need to download everyone’s  music onto my laptop. Yeah, don’t worry about it. We’re just going to play it off my phone. -Off your phone? Um, I’m not sure-- -Well I am. I want this done right. But normally the technician does it? -What technician? -The girl who asked for your music. She’s not a technician, she just organises the music and lights. -That’s what a technician does. -Oh. We were beginning to see that Zac was more of a dancer than a thinker. Maybe he made a mistake using his own phone. No I didn’t! I play the song on my phone through  my speakers at home all the time. Would you trust me or someone you don’t even know to take care of our music? Fine, whatever, let’s rehearse. [Zac] Five, six, seven, eight! So they all agreed that the music should be played off my phone. [feedback] [song playing] But now they’re blaming me because the music got all speedy. -The song file must have corrupted. -That’s the weird part. It didn’t. [song plays at normal speed] So, the song played at the normal speed now? Yep. So I said it must have just been a phone glitch on the day of the concert, but Zac said... It wasn’t a glitch. Someone was jealous of how good we are and did this. I need you to find out who. That will be difficult because...  We’ll start tomorrow. Ten dollars up front.  Zac was Ezra’s kind of client. So Ezra, Kyle and I went to Dance Dreams. I can’t believe we had an investigation at a dance studio when I was at tennis camp! -Yeah. Anyway, Dance Dreams-- -I’m thinking about taking up tap. -...has lots of Saturday classes-- -Tell me every single detail. I’m trying to. When we got there, we went to Zac’s class. Oh! Sorry! [Zac calls out instructions] [Maudie] They were excellent dancers. Maybe Zac was right and someone was jealous enough to sabotage them. -Can I help you? -No thank you. We’re just watching. Unless you’re planning to enrol, you’re not permitted to just watch. Well, actually we are planning to enrol, our friend Kyle. Which friend Kyle? This friend Kyle? You’re enrolling Kyle? We think he’s got a big future. After I told the teacher Terri-Anne, that Kyle was too shy to come on his own, she agreed to let him try out, but said he would need to change. There must be something here  in the Lost and Found that you can wear. Um, I’m pretty comfortable already. Oh there’s so much in this box! Children, you need to claim some of these lost things! There are ugg boots, hoodies, that looks like a brand new phone case. Oh, this will work for you, Kyle. I can’t believe Kyle got to go undercover! I want to go undercover next time! I want to be a vet, or Beyoncé or a Southern Belle with a hoopy skirt. How did he look? I look ridiculous. I hate this. -Are you an investigator or not? -Not. Now can I take off the tights? We persuaded Kyle to join a class to see  who might have sabotaged Zac’s group. Then, we got Zac to take us to see the technician. Who? The girl who does the music. And the lights. Who pressed play on your phone. Oh. Right. That’s her there. Zac had a lot of trouble remembering what a technician was but he introduced us. Kind of. -This is Trixie. -Trish. -Trish. She’s the cleaner too. -No I’m not. You were stacking the chairs away the day of the concert. Oh, I was just helping out. Why are you watching that?! Oh, Terri-Anne asked me to edit your bit out of the concert. Trish had editing software that could do slow motion, fast motion, time lapse. Ezra was very impressed and thought Zac was crazy not to let her do his music. I asked Trish what happened on the day of the concert? Well, I don’t know. Zac insisted that we use his phone. Have you ever heard a song speed up like that before? No, but in five years here I’ve never used someone's phone to play the music either. [music speeds up] [Trish] I tried to fix it.  But it was too late. [music plays faster and faster] -[Ezra] Oh no! -What? Your screen's smashed! Oh, yeah, that happened in all the commotion at the concert. -How did it smash? -That was Claudia’s fault. -[music plays quickly] -[audience laughs] [audience applauds] Oops, sorry... I'm here! Who’s Claudia? Claudia was the fifth member of Zac’s dance troupe. Until they kicked her off. [Ava] They kicked her off?!  Is she one of the people that Zac said was jealous? Why did they kick her off? Did you talk to her? -Any more questions? -Can I have the rest of your cupcake? No. We found Claudia and she confirmed what Trish had told us. Yes, they kicked me off. Just because I was late for rehearsal. When? All the time. I have a little problem with being punctual. Like when you arrived today? Oh, she was the girl who ran in late and bumped into you! Exactly. Claudia told us that getting kicked off was a good thing, because she got to dance a solo. It went really well. I practised for days and days, even during lunchtime. Ask Trish. Come on, guys! Let’s go to the cafe and Claudia can practise her solo. [Zac] She needs all the time she can get. Why didn’t Trish go to the cafe? She never hangs out with the talent. But she saw me every day. [Teacher] And five, six, seven, eight! That’s when we realised that Kyle was ‘undercover’ in the studio next to us. -How did you know he was there? -We heard him. -[girl shrieks] -[Kyle] Ow! -He was pretty noisy undercover. -Maudie, I have a question. Did Kyle find anything out? No. Did Claudia wear a leotard or does she have a little skirt? Kyle said that during the class he’d made an amazing discovery. Dancing is really, really hard. And anything about the investigation? These kids that I’m dancing with do not like Zac’s group at all. Kyle told us that in the last year the Under 14s had changed a lot. The girls all grew but the boys haven’t yet. Look for yourself. Lifting is a nightmare. [classical music playing] [Kyle] Their concert routine was terrible. Oh, so the Under 14s are jealous of Zac’s group. Super jealous. I must have watched that video like, twenty times. I just wish we’d seen it live instead of getting our ankles iced after we were dropped! Can you lift me please? And did he lift her? -[girl screams] -Ow! That was very committed investigating from Kyle. Should we go and tell Zac that these guys did it? You just said that they were getting their ankles iced, so they couldn’t have got to Zac’s phone. Oh. So who did it? Well, just to be sure, we need to go have a look at that other phone case in the Lost and Found box. Okay, I have no idea what’s happening, and I have been concentrating so hard. What phone case in what Lost and Found box? This Lost and Found box, where Terri-Anne got Kyle’s costume. She said there was a brand new Phone case. -What’s Zac’s case doing in there? -This isn’t Zac’s phone case. Wait, what?! Then whose phone case was it? I think you were looking for this. What, no, that’s not mine. That, um, looks like Zac’s. It looks like Zac’s, which is why you bought it. Ezra started to understand what had happened. -He did? Could you make me understand? -Sure! So, Zac saw Trish hold up his phone to play the song, but it wasn’t Zac’s phone. It was Trish’s, but in this case, because she had made the song speed up on her phone. [Maudie] No one would have known if Claudia hadn’t been late. -Claudia? -The girl Zac’s group kicked out. Harsh. [Maudie] Trish was taking  the fake cover off her phone, and Claudia came in and startled her, making Trish drop her phone.  Oh, which is why the screen smashed! Exactly! The phone smashed and the fake phone cover went flying off somewhere. Which is why Trish couldn’t find it later. -Later? -That’s what Ezra said. Later? What later? Remember Zac told us about the girl stacking the chairs? Trish was stacking the chairs because she was looking for the missing phone case. Which of course Terri-Anne told us was in the Lost and Found box. I didn’t think to look in the Lost and Found. [Maudie] And then before  we could say anything else, Trish walked straight over  and confessed to Zac. That was brave. Did Zac take it well? I’m telling Terri-Anne and I’m getting you expelled, you’ll never dance at this studio again! Well that’s fine because I’m not a dancer. I’m a technician. And if you understood that, Trish wouldn’t have sabotaged your music. -What?! -What did you mean? Zac was disrespectful to Trish. Trish has been here for five years,  but you don’t know her name, you don’t know what she does, and you never invite her to go to lunch. Come on, guys! Let’s go to the cafe. She put up with you until you took over her sound system. Well, Trish shouldn’t have done what she did, but I get why she did what she did. That’s what Terri-Anne said when Zac dobbed on Trish. Well Trish certainly shouldn’t have done what she did, but I can understand why she did it, Zac. -But Miss-- -You and your group haven’t been very kind I think instead of dance class next Saturday you can all clean the studio. You too Trish. I want my ten dollars back! -But you didn’t give it back?! -No. We bought cupcakes. -[giggles] -[beep] [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 