The InBESTigators: Season 1, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The InBESTigators 
 s1e17 - The Case of the Misplaced Mug - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The InBESTigators (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 17 - The Case of the Misplaced Mug - full transcript 
 Mr McGillick is upset after he loses his precious 'World's Best Principal' mug, so Ezra makes it his personal mission to get it back. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Misplaced Mug. This is Kyle and Maudie reporting for the Inbestigators. And today’s case is about... Are you doing a long drumroll because you forgot who the case is about? Yes. Mr McGillick. Our Principal. That’s right. On Thursday, he went missing. His mug went missing. I was close. Mr McGillick loves his coffee mug. I noticed that on the first day I met him. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I think you’re going to  like this school, Maudie. Are you really the World’s Best Principal? Oh, well, what have you heard? I haven’t heard anything. It says it on your mug. [Maudie] World’s Best Principal. Right. Of course. [slurps] Mm. I also noticed that he had a weird habit with it. Well I should introduce you  to your teacher, Miss Tan. Why are you putting a folder on top of your mug? So my coffee doesn’t get cold. Most people buy a cup with a lid so their drinks don’t get cold, but Mr McGillick really loves his old mug. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He keeps it on his desk and not in the staffroom with all the other cups and mugs. Because once, when Ezra came to school late, he saw an incident. -[Mr McGillick] Helen... -[door squeaks open] Can I help myself to your moussaka in the fridge? No. Oh, I thought it was ‘help yourself to other people’s things’ day. [slurps] Ezra said he thought it was weird that Mr McGillick didn’t want to share his mug when he’s always telling us we should share everything except our germs. Why isn’t Mrs Parides allowed to borrow your mug? Because it’s precious. Mr McGillick, no offence, but your mug is really old and chipped. Which is what makes it so special. I’ve had it ever since the first year I was a teacher. You mean a Principal. No, no, a teacher. Mr McGillick told Ezra that he started teaching when he was very young. He said that... My first year of teaching was, well, was challenging. But I got through it, and at the end of the year, my class threw me a surprise party  and they gave me this mug. But it says World’s Best Principal. Yes, well, uh, apparently the two dollar shop had run out of World’s Best Teacher mugs, and the kids said... [coughs] that I'd uh... [clears throat] I’d probably be the world’s best Principal some day anyway. Ezra said that he got why the mug was special, and why Mr McGillick kept  it away from Mrs Parides and always on his desk. But on Thursday when we were doing pottery with Miss Tan, it wasn’t on his desk. So now you’ve got your basic pot shape, we're just gonna make our own by spinning it like this, oh! Oh, uh, is there a speed dial? Oh, that doesn't look right. Oh, maybe it's the other way [exclaims] -[Mr McGillick] Miss Tan. -Dear... [laughs] I think this might come in handy. It’s the instructions for the pottery wheel. Oh! Where did you find it?! I've been looking for that everywhere! It was in the pile of incursion permission slips you gave me this morning. [knocks] Henry, here are the puppet show permission slips. Oh! I knew it! I was positive that I’d left this in your office! [chuckles] By the way, um... when you handed me the slips, did you happen to notice if I had my mug? Oh, great, thanks. Yes, you did have your mug,  you were drinking from it. Why? It’s not on my desk. My mug has disappeared. Oh dear. Mr McGillick was upset. You could tell because when he walked out he said... That’s a lovely pot Miss Tan. It was the opposite of a lovely pot. It was a terrible pot. We knew we had to do something. -We have to find the mug. -Okay, at snack time we can-- We can’t wait that long. Miss Tan can I please go to the toilet? Alright Ezra, maybe pick a buddy, James or Mario-- I’ll take Kyle. -Ezra needed his buddy to be Kyle. -Which was really annoying. I want a go on the pottery wheel before Miss Tan reads the instructions, -so it goes really fast. -[Ezra] Kyle! This way. That way? This is not the way to the toilets. What are you two doing here? We need to use your bathroom. Kyle! We’ve come to help Mr McGillick find his mug! [sighs] Thanks Ezra, but it’ll turn up. I’m not worried. [chuckles] Mr McGillick was definitely worried. So Ezra said we should start searching. We’re going to get your mug back. It’s so strange, I... Kyle. I don’t think I would have put a full cup of coffee in a coat pocket. -Ezra, hop up, honestly, it’s fine. -We have to find it. Otherwise how will people know who the world’s best Principal is? Well, I’ll... Kyle, take those off. I think hats suit me. -The mug wasn’t anywhere so-- -We needed to ask some questions. Mr McGillick, how many sworn enemies do you have, and why did you give them keys to your office? What? He means when did you last see your mug? Miss Tan said you were drinking from it when she came in and gave  you the permission slips. Well, let’s see... She left and... Oh, that’s right! I was taking the slips out to the scanner... -when I heard a yell from the playground. -[child screams] And I saw one of the  grade ones had fallen over.  So I ran out of my office and  I definitely put my mug on the desk  on a pile of newspapers. And, and when I came back they were gone and so was my mug. -So now we know what happened. -We do? One of your sworn enemies pushed the grade one over so you would leave your office and they could come and steal your mug. And your newspaper. Please take off my clothes  and go back to class. -It was a good theory. -It was a ridiculous theory. Ezra asked one last question on his way out. Did anyone else come into your office after you came back? Uh... Mrs Parides... and then Mr Barker. Mr McGillick felt sad which made Ezra feel sad which made me feel hungry. Everything makes me feel hungry. We went back to class and told the others everything we’d found out. And then, I discovered I look really good in hats. That’s great Kyle, but we really need to hear about the mug. Do you think someone took it? Maybe. We need to talk to Mr Barker and Mrs Parides. So at snack time, Ava, Ezra and I went to find the teachers. While I stayed with Miss Tan to have a go on the pottery wheel, which was actually really boring, because she’d read the instructions and had found the slow button. We saw Mr Barker first. Mr Barker... do you mind if we ask you a few questions? No. Mr McGillick said you went to his office this morning. [Mr Barker] Uh, that’s right. What time was that? What’s going on,  am I part of an inbestigation? Just answer the question please Mr Barker. Okay. Well, it was right after the bell,  I just went in to say... Are we still on for squash tonight? Sure are! [pop] [grunts] So, who normally wins at squash? Oh, it’s not really about winning or losing, it’s how you play-- So Mr McGillick wins? Yes he does. Ezra thought he was onto something. He pulled us aside to talk. I think Mr Barker took the mug, so Mr McGillick would be distracted tonight at squash, and Mr Barker could finally beat him. -Yeah that’s not what happened. -Not at all. Ezra wasn’t convinced, but we had to go back to Mr Barker to ask the most important question. Mr Barker, did you see Mr McGillick’s mug  on his desk when you were in his office? His mug? Don’t play games with us, Mr Barker. We know you’re very familiar with his mug. Yes, okay, no, I didn’t see Mr McGillick’s mug. [grunts] You alright, Henry? That’s not like you to miss an imaginary shot. I seem to have misplaced my mug. I didn’t see Mr McGillick’s mug because it wasn’t there. The mug was already missing  when Mr Barker went in. There was only one person who might have some answers. -Me. -Mrs Parides. I was in his office just before the bell  went because I needed his signature. Why? What’s happened? We’ll ask the questions,  thanks Mrs Parides. And did you notice anything odd? I sure did. Henry, can you sign...  Oh, are you alright? Miss Tan? She was looking for -the pottery wheel instructions -The pottery wheel instructions. I knew I had the instructions when I came in here earlier, and I think I might have dropped it, or maybe Henry put it in his recycling. Mrs Parides said she helped Miss Tan look for the instructions. Have you looked through this pile? Yes, I did, and it’s not in this pile either. -[bell rings] -Oh dear! I've got to get to the art room. You go, I’ll put all the recycling back. That was very kind of you, Mrs Parides. Thank you. So Miss Tan left and you were all alone in Mr McGillick’s office? Yes? Ezra thought he was onto something. He pulled us aside to talk. Mrs Parides took the mug. We know she’s always wanted it, ever since the incident. That’s not what happened. Of course not. And come on, we still haven’t asked Mrs Parides  whether she saw the mug. She couldn’t have. How do you know? Because I think it was covered up. What do you mean it was covered up? With what? Well, we had to go to Mr McGillick’s office to be sure. Excuse me, Mr McGillick? We brought you a cup of coffee. We know it’s not your special mug, but, still... That’s very sweet, thank you. Actually before you drink it, could you please help us with something outside? Sure. See?! He always does it! Mr McGillick covered his mug with a file! Now I was sure I knew where his World’s Best Principal mug was. Wait, what? Where was it? Yes! My mug! How on earth...? We told Mr McGillick that first... Here are the puppet show permission slips. Miss Tan came in with her permission  slips. She gave them to him and  right after she left, he heard  the Grade One kid fall over so he  put his mug on the newspapers on his desk  and then he did what he always does,  he popped a folder on top  of it so it wouldn’t get cold.  Then Mr McGillick ran out, and Miss Tan came back in back in looking  for her pottery wheel instructions, -and she searched though the recycling. -Which was the wrong place to look, because they were actually with the permission slips up on the shelf. Exactly! Good job, Kyle. Do you want to do the next bit? That’s all I’ve got. Mrs Parides came in to see Miss Tan. ...when I came in here earlier. ...put a pile of papers on top of another  pile of papers and Mr McGillick’s mug.  But of course she didn’t know it was under there. Then Mrs Parides offered to clean up and picked up all the papers on the desk, including the newspaper and the mug,  and put them all in the recycling tub.  The mug was in the tub the whole time! Wait, wasn’t there coffee in it? Yes, but Mr McGillick was so happy to get his mug back, he didn’t care that his recycling was all soggy. Uh-oh. Oh don’t worry about that, Ava. The important thing is I have my mug. -Thank you. I’m very grateful. -You’re welcome, Henry. -Mr McGillick. -Really? Even after we just... Never going to happen, Ezra. Yes! I finished my worksheet! That’s my worksheet. That’s yours. Bum. [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Sad Little Sister. Welcome to a special top secret edition of the Inbestigators. Obviously it’s not top secret from you but it is top secret from Ezra... until I finish telling you this story. Because Ezra doesn’t think there’s a story to tell. But there one hundred percent is. On Monday, something terrible happened. Ezra! Maudie! Something terrible has happened! Has the school run out of pink glitter again? Um, running out of pink glitter was terrible. But this was even more terrible. It’s Poppy! Poppy? My sister Poppy? What’s wrong?! She’s in the shelter shed and she is crying her eyes out! And I think that-- Ezra bolted across the playground. We had never seen him run so fast. We'd never seen him run. But he really wanted to get to Poppy. -Poppy! -Ezra. Poppy was really upset. Why are you in the shelter shed? I - took - but - nobody - had - lost - Mum - trouble - sun - shed - hat. What did she just say? Maudie and Ezra couldn’t understand Poppy at all. Oh Poppy! I’m so sorry. -You know what she said? -Of course. Can you tell us? Poppy’s lost her hat and she’s going to be in trouble with your Mum, and now she has to stay in here. When you grow up you can work at the United Nations as a translator. That would be fun. Our school has a no-hat-no-play rule, so if you forget your hat you have to sit in the shelter shed. It made Ezra really cross. That makes me really cross! -But Ezra the rule is important. -It’s so you don’t get sun damage. The rule doesn’t make me cross, Poppy losing her hat does! She made me think something was really wrong with her! Something is really wrong with me! No, it’s not, you just lost your hat! It serves you right for not taking care of it! I think Ezra was relieved that Poppy hadn’t hurt herself. Even though he had a funny way of showing it. Anyway, Poppy wasn’t upset about losing her hat. She was upset because she couldn’t play with her friends. But - Mack - Enz - ie - play - vi - let - all - by - my - self. Mackenzie and Violet are out there playing together, and Poppy has to sit in here all by herself. No wonder she’s upset. Poppy and Mackenzie are best friends, we walk with them to school don’t we Ezra? No, we dawdle with them to school. [Ezra] Poppy! Mackenzie! Come on! They only dawdle until they see Violet. Then they sprint. [both] Violet! -Hi. -[both] Hi. Violet came to the school this year, and she, Poppy and Mackenzie have become very close, so Maudie and I felt sorry for Poppy all alone. Poor Poppy. What about Ava, Ezra and I go and look for your hat? No! What about Ava, Ezra and you go back to their snack? [sighs] Oh fine. But I’m only doing it so I don’t get in trouble from Mum. Where did you last have it? -It was on my hook on top of my bag. -Are you sure you put it there? Yes. I remember because Mackenzie and I were racing each other, and put our hats on exactly the same time. And it was hard because we had our  library bags as well as our school bags, and our library bags were really heavy, because last week  we borrowed really big books. Why were you in such a hurry, were you late? No, we had library first up and Violet was already lining up, and we both wanted to be her partner. [Poppy] I thought I would  be fastest to get to Violet, because I had my library bag in my hand, but Mackenzie accidentally put her  library bag underneath her school bag, so she had to start again and take everything off the hook, but then, Mackenzie did something so unfair. She ran to line up for library without her library bag. -It made me so mad. -[Ezra] Okay. Great story, let’s go look for the hat. But just as we went to leave... someone else came in. No way! That is so unfair Mrs Parides! Please let me come out! I won’t get sunburnt, I promise! What are you guys doing in here? Did you frisbee your hats onto the art room roof too? Kyle had thrown his hat onto the roof, so Mrs Parides had thrown Kyle into the shelter shed. Which was terrible for Kyle, but good for us because someone could keep Poppy company. -Do you want to play cricket? -We’re in the shelter shed. -Footy? -We’re in the shelter shed! -Tennis? -Can Ava stay instead? Kyle, stop being annoying. Poppy, did you go to the library the inside way or the outside way? What difference does that make? Because if they went the outside way, they would have to wear their hats. We always go the inside way. And you're sure today wasn’t any different? No, I remember, because on the way, Miss Ramsay noticed Mackenzie didn’t have her library bag. Well of course she did. She told Mackenzie she had to go and get it, and Violet got mad. We’ll lose our place! Why did Violet get mad? [both] Because she had to go with Mackenzie because she was her partner, and they lost their place at the front of the line. And we had to wait for them and Milo, who was my partner, got into trouble from Mr Barker for doing armpit squirts. -[fart noises] -[giggling] Milo, I admire the skill, just not the noise. My grade sixes are doing a test, Miss Ramsay. So... shh. Milo is always doing armpit squirts because he is -disgusting. -Awesome. And I didn’t want to hold his stinky armpit hand so-- Why not? I would like to shake his stinky armpit hand. Kyle! Shh! Go on Poppy. When I saw Mackenzie come back carrying her library bag, I got an idea! So I said... My bag is full of books to return, so I need both arms, and I can’t hold your hand, Milo. [fart noises] Ezra, let’s see who can do the loudest. Three, two, one! Kyle, stop! We’re trying to find out what happened to Poppy’s hat! Have you tried the art room roof? It’s like a hat magnet! It must have fallen off your hook down behind the bags. Well, let’s go and look for it otherwise you’ll be in here at lunchtime too. Ezra may need to work on his people skills. Wait! Do you think I'm gonna have to stay here at lunchtime too?! [sighs] Poppy, it’s fine! You’ll have Kyle. Wait! You think that I might have to stay in here at lunchtime too?! Ezra definitely needs to work on his people skills. -[wailing] -Poppy! Kyle! Stop! -It’s okay. We're gonna find your hat. -Hats! Can you find mine too? Kyle, who threw your hat on the roof? I wanna say... Maudie? You did. We’re not finding your hat. Anyway, you stay here with Poppy. But what if you don’t find my hat? I’ll be in here with Kyle, while Violet and Mackenzie will be out there playing in the playground. Well can’t Violet and Mackenzie come in here with you? No, there can only be two of us at a time! I’d never heard about the two people at a time in the shelter shed rule. But before I could ask about it, Ezra did something really surprising. Don’t worry. We’ll get your hat. -Oh Ezra... that’s so sweet. -What? -You giving Poppy a hug. -[both giggle] She hugged me! I was just [clears throat] standing there! He totally hugged her. Then, as we were walking out, Maudie said... Poppy, what did you mean there can only be two of you at a time? Is it a school rule that there's only allowed to be one friend in here? No, it’s Violet’s rule. She’s only allowed one friend out there. Pardon? Only one of us can sit with Violet every day, which is why Mackenzie and I take turns. Poppy, why? Because Violet’s the boss. -Who said? -[Poppy] Violet. She chooses the one of us every day depending on who she likes the most. [Poppy] And that’s why it’s so unfair I lost my hat. Even if Violet picked me, I'd still have to come in here. But she probably wouldn’t have anyway. She hasn’t picked me this week, so I’ve had to sit on my own. Maudie and I were upset. But not as upset as someone else. That’s so mean. Why would anyone make Poppy sit by herself? Why would anyone tell Poppy she can’t sit with her best friend, Mackenzie. Ezra, are you crying? Ezra said he definitely wasn’t crying, he was just sniffling, because the dust in the shelter shed is completely out of control. Anyway, he was really, really angry. -Where are you going? -I’m getting Henry. -Mr McGillick. -Yep, him, the Principal. -Why? -So he can expel Violet! Ezra, stop! Stop! Before we do anything else, shouldn’t we be letting Poppy out of the shelter shed by getting her hat? -We don’t know where it is! -Yes we do! I love it when she does that. We went to the hooks outside Poppy’s classroom, and then Maudie did the weirdest thing. What are you doing with Mackenzie’s library bag? Poppy Banks. Poppy’s hat was inside Mackenzie’s library bag. Mackenzie took Poppy’s hat... Of course. Right. I’m getting Henry so he can expel Mackenzie and Violet. Ezra, stop! Why would Mackenzie do that? She was scared Violet would choose Poppy to sit with her. Especially after she made Violet mad by losing their place at the front of the line. Ezra didn't understand any of this. So Maudie told him that when Violet and Mackenzie went back to get her library bag she saw how cross Violet was and panicked  at the thought of being left out. [Ava] Mackenzie took Poppy’s hat, so that Poppy would have to sit in the shelter shed, and Violet would have to sit with Mackenzie. The whole thing was horrible. So the first thing we did to make it un-horrible was give Poppy back her hat. Poppy, we've got some good... Poppy said we should make the most of our time without hats squashing our hairstyle. Well that time is over! [both] You found my hat! Yours is still on the roof, Kyle. Oh. Where did you find it? -It was in-- -The corridor. -Yeah, inside-- -The bin! Maudie is so nice. She didn’t just want to dob on Mackenzie, because then Poppy would have gotten mad at her, which was not what this was about. This was about Poppy. Before we give you your hat, we need to talk to you. -I’m going to tell Henry-- -Poppy you know-- Ava... needs to talk to you. Poppy, you know who’s the boss of you, don’t you? -Mum. -Yes but then? -Dad. -Yes but who else? Miss Ramsay. Mr McGillick. Mrs Parides-- -I’m not talking about grown ups. -Not Ezra. -Sometimes. -Not Ezra, you, Poppy. You’re the boss of you. Not Violet. Definitely not Violet. Poppy, no one can tell you who you can sit with or who you can play with. And if anyone ever tries to, they're not being a good friend. [Ava] Do you understand? When you grow up you could also work at the United Nations as a negotiator. That would be fun too. I had a little chat to Miss Ramsay, who had a little chat to Mackenzie, and a bigger chat to Violet... and her Mum, and Violet understood how unkind she'd been, and she promised to never do it ever again. And Ezra was really pleased. Hey you guys, thank you, you know, for helping Poppy. You’re welcome. And you know the best part? Aside from Poppy being happy, obviously, is that we’ve got a new case to report! -[Maudie] Yes! -No! This was not a case. [both] Yes it was! No, nobody needs to hear about Poppy losing her hat, and how I got sniffly because of the dust. Okay? Okay? "Dear Ezra, we’re sorry we tricked you by telling you Maudie’s Dad needed your help with his computer at her house, but we really did think this was a special case to report. Love Ava and Maudie." PS. You are the best big brother in the world. I need to stick this somewhere he will see it... Let's see... Ah! Right there. [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 