The InBESTigators: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The InBESTigators 
 s1e1 - The Case of the Curious New Girl - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The InBESTigators (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Case of the Curious New Girl - full transcript 
 When Maudie solves a playground robbery on her first day at school, she and new friends Ezra, Ava and Kyle create The InBESTigators Detective Agency. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Curious New Girl. [beep] -[beep] -[whirring] Yes, it works! My name is Ezra Banks and welcome  to the first video blog case entry for... actually, I need to go right  back to the beginning, because this story starts a long, long time ago. [buzzing] Wednesday last week. It was early, before school, and I needed to ask the Principal a big favour. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Luckily, Henry and I are tight. Don't call me Henry. -I, I thought because we talk a lot-- -It’s still Mr. McGillick. Mr. McGillick, you know I’m a blue sky thinking, tech savvy guy. You’re also in Grade Five and have yoghurt on your chin. What do you want, Ezra? -Can I borrow the school credit card? -Oh, uh, that’s a new one. Um, no. But there’s a ProHost 4000 selling online for seventy-five dollars... -No. -...it’s website building software. -No. -And if I’m re-doing the school website. For the thousandth time, you are not re-doing the school website. He definitely had not said that a thousand times. Nine hundred tops. My Mum says I have a ‘very busy mind’, and she’s had some chats with Mr McGillick about how I need to keep it stimulated. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mr McGillick said I should find a special project, but so far he hasn’t liked any of my ideas. You said no to the waterslides, no to the monorail over the oval, no to the invisible classroom. Actually, I’ve thought of a special project for you. Is it to download software that costs seventy-five dollars? It’s to look after our new student. Look after our new student? How is that a special project? I told Henry no way. It’s non-negotiable. I've sent her off to explore, I know she was keen to see your classroom. This was the worst special project ever. I went outside... [Ezra] and I couldn’t see a new girl,  but I could see my friend Ava selling  cupcakes in the pebble garden.  Ava is always raising money for things in the pebble garden. Hi Ezra, want to buy a cupcake to help build more bike racks? Then more kids can ride to school like this little guy! Sure. Did you know we have a new girl starting today? I know! Her name is Maudie Miller and she’s so nice. -Which one is she? -I don’t know, I haven’t met her yet. Ava is what my Mum calls a glass half full person, and what I call a glass flooding the kitchen person. She hadn’t even met Maudie and she already liked her. I’m definitely saving her a cup cake, for free. I’m going to see if she’s in the classroom, so come over when you’ve... finished. A soccer ball bouncing off my head could only mean one thing. -Kyle! -You okay Ezra? People don’t really know why Kyle and I are friends. I don’t really know why Kyle and I are friends, because Kyle is super sporty. And the only time he doesn’t have a ball in his hands is when it’s on my head. [upbeat rock music playing] -[whispers] Kyle! -Sorry Ezra! -[shouts] Kyle! -Sorry Ezra! Sorry Ezra! For someone with very good ball skills out on the field, Kyle has terrible ball skills around me. Except this time it wasn’t Kyle. That wasn’t me! That was Billy. Kyle had been doing soccer practice with other boys from our class, and also Billy, from the other Grade Five. Sorry Ezra. I slipped over,  it’s really muddy on the grass. That’s why we wear soccer boots. My Mum won’t buy me boots until I get good at soccer. But I can’t get good at soccer until she buys me boots. Well you need to get them soon because they’re picking the competition team next week. Billy looked sad so I told him I’ve never been picked for a sport team. I didn’t tell him I’d never tried out for a sport team. Don’t worry Billy, there’s always next year. I’ll buy you a cupcake to cheer you up. Can I have two cupcakes please Ava? Do you have any money? No, Ava, I’m trying to buy two cupcakes without money. You don’t have any do you? No I don’t. Can I pay you back? That’s what you said at my sausage sizzle my donut drive, my biscuit bake-- -Yeah, and did I pay you back? -No. Oh. Sorry. I shouldn’t be asking for two free cupcakes. Just make it one. Sorry Billy. No, Kyle! No cupcakes until you pay me back. [Ezra] Kyle really wanted a cupcake. He kept arguing with Ava and I went to go look for the new girl in our classroom. [Ezra] Except... the classroom was empty. So I went to our book corner  and grabbed my favourite book,  the one with the mystery  riddles and sat down. "The police get a call that a robber they’re after is inside a house, at thirty-three Buxton Drive. They don't know what he looks like but they know his name is Craig. The police burst in to find a truck driver, a carpenter, a mechanic and a fireman, sitting around a table, playing cards. They immediately arrest the fireman. Why?" [Maudie] He’s the only man. The carpenter, the truck driver and the mechanic can all be women. But the fireman has to be a man. So he’s the one called Craig. "The fireman was the only man." I think I just met my special project. -Maudie? -Yep. Hi Ezra. -How did you know my name? -It’s on your bag, Ezra Banks. -This is a nice classroom. -Have you read this book? -No. -Then how did you know the answer, and why did you come in the classroom window? I wanted to have a look around. I mean why did you come in the window not the door? -Are you not allowed to do that? -Um, I’ve never seen anyone do it. -I’ll use the door next time. -Okay, well, um... Henry said, I mean... Mr McGillick said I should show you around in here so do you want... What. Just. Happened. I’m so excited to finally meet... you... oh. Isn’t Maudie here? -No. She... went out the window. -Why? I don’t know. She came in the window, she went out the window. If I was going to get to know my special project, I needed to find a room without windows. I’m going to look outside and you wait here. Look after my stuff! -[Ezra groans] -Sorry Ezra! Ava’s owl tin landed on my foot, and I thought she must have  sold about a million cupcakes, because it was so heavy. I couldn’t stop thinking about Maudie. How did she get that riddle about the fireman so fast? I got the book back off the shelf and was re-reading the riddle when...  I must have a ball magnet in me. -Kyle! -Sorry Ezra! Ava said you met the new girl. What’s her best sport? Because when I meet someone new, that’s my burning question. Ava couldn’t find Maudie outside, but she did find Mr McGillick and they both came into the classroom. No, Ava, I am not filing a missing person’s report. But Mr McGillick, Maudie is missing-- Perhaps if we dialed down the drama-- But Maudie is lost! No one has seen her since she went out the window! Why did she go out the window? Because I thought I should come around to use the door. -Maudie! You’re here! -Where else would I be? Maudie looked like when a Labrador puppy licks you on the face, which feels half sweet, half disgusting. I’m Ava, that’s Kyle and I saved you a cupcake for free... Ezra where’s my owl tin? -What? -My owl tin, with my cupcake money in it? I don’t know, it was right there on the shelf. Ava’s owl tin was gone. What does it look like? It’s got an adorable little owl riding a bike on its lid, -and it has a lot of money in it! -My foot has the bruise to prove it. What are you talking about? You threw the tin on my shoe and it felt like it was full of rocks. [Ava] Because there was eighty dollars in it! -Eighty?! -[Ava] Almost. I had forty cupcakes that I sold for two dollars, except one I kept for Maudie and one I kept for me. Who would take your forty-two dollars?! Let’s just say maths isn’t Kyle’s strong point. Forty times two minus four. Ezra this is no time for a quiz, Ava’s owl tin has been stolen. And you took it! You needed to pay me all the money you owed me, so you came in here and took my tin! Ava, he’s been standing with me the whole time. Kyle didn’t take it! Oh. In that case, I’m so sorry Kyle. That was very unfair of me. Then who took your seventy six dollars? Seventy-six? No one took it! I’ve been the only person here. Suddenly everyone was looking at me. And the person looking at me the most was Mr. McGillick. Tell me this has nothing to do with the website software you wanted to buy for seventy-five dollars? [gulps] I know it looked bad. But if you’re innocent, there’s no need to panic. I swear on my life I didn’t take the money! I believe Ezra, Mr. McGillick. It just looks extremely suspicious, because he was alone with the tin, and nobody else has been in here and he needed a lot of money... Ezra, can I see your bag please? I know Mr. McGillick thinks I’m a bit annoying because I have a very busy mind, but now he thought something terrible about me. He thought I was a thief. I can’t believe you could think that Ezra would steal something. He’s the most honest guy I know! He never lets me copy in class or cheat on a test, and he would never take something that wasn’t his... And this is his own owl tin full of money that he brought from home. Right Ezra? I felt sick in the stomach. Nobody said anything. Except for Maudie. Why would Ezra leave his bag open  if he wanted to steal Ava’s money? I don’t know, but Ava, you and Kyle take Maudie and find Miss Tan. Do you mind if I ask a couple more questions first? Thank you. Ava, can you tell me everything you remember about your cupcake stall? It was weird, because Mr McGillick actually let Ava stay and tell Maudie everything. [Ezra] How she had set up  her stall in the pebble garden, and how she sold of lot of cupcakes,  then we both told Maudie what happened next with the soccer ball, and Billy, and the boots, and then Ava said what happened when I went to the classroom. Let’s see... Ezra left and Kyle and I were squabbling but I’d sold all my cakes anyway, oh, that’s when Miss Tan called out. [screams] Kyle, Ava, boys! Oh! Oh! Good morning! Miss Tan is our teacher, Maudie have you met her yet? She’s really nice. And really clumsy. She dropped her folders and called us to help before all her papers blew away. -So we all went over and helped. -Wait, who went over to help? Me, Ava, Mario, James, Justin, Archie, Toby and Billy. No, Billy stayed. He’s not in our class so I guess he didn’t think  Miss Tan was talking to him. Okay, then what happened? Then I packed up my stuff and I came in here to see you, but you weren’t here so I left and... "Threw your tin at Ezra’s foot and it felt like it was full of rocks." Is she the police? Maudie did sound like the police. She asked me exactly where did I put the owl tin, so I showed her how I balanced the tin up carefully like a wheel and... Kyle! -What? -You threw your basketball in here and it hit me over there and did  a big bounce into these shelves. So if your owl tin was up like a wheel, and your bag was open next to the shelf, the basketball would have hit  the shelf and made the tin roll...  -into your bag. -into my bag! That’s how it got into my bag! See, Mr McGillick? I didn’t take Ava’s money! I’m very sorry I thought you did. To be fair, what else was he supposed to think? I was so pleased that because of Maudie, now we knew the truth. Almost knew the truth. Oh, yay! No one stole my money! Well, actually... I’m pretty sure someone stole your money. What are you talking about, Maudie? My money’s right... No wonder it felt like it was full of rocks. It was. Pebbles actually. Who put pebbles in here?! Someone who needed a lot of money in a hurry to buy something. Oh Ezra!! I stuck up for you-- Not Ezra. Someone who needed a lot of money to buy soccer boots. My Mum won’t buy me boots until I get good at soccer. Wait... Billy? I think when you said that he might not make the team if he didn’t have soccer boots, Billy got desperate. [Maudie] So when you all ran over to help Miss Tan and left your owl tin, he took the coins and replaced  them with pebbles from the garden. And to think I was going to buy him  a cupcake with money I didn’t have. How could Billy do that to the kids who need somewhere to put their bikes? Don’t worry, Ava. Billy and I are going to have a chat. Oh, and thank you, Maudie. That’s quite a first day you’ve had and the bell hasn’t even rung yet. Right Ezra? I got why Henry thought Maudie  should be my special project. He knew we would get on. But now, she’d given me an idea for a much better special project. You and I should start a detective agency! Cool! You know who else we should ask? Maudie. She’s pretty smart. I was talking to Maudie, Kyle. Really? I would love that! I’ve always wanted to be an investigator! Me too! Can I join too? I’ve always wanted to be a... what do you call it? Investigator. Of course. What about you Ava? Oh my goodness, yes! And we can have a cool agency office... Where will our office be? I knew the perfect place. We have a granny flat out the back of my house! Oh, we can decorate it and I’ll do a sign on the door-- -I can do a sign. -What will the sign say? -Our name, silly. -What’s our name? -It has to be catchy-- -About the four of us-- That says what we do. And tells people that we are the best investigators... that’s the name! -[Ezra, Maudie, Ava] The InBESTigators! -Four kids who run a detective agency and solve crimes that you pay for! Wait, what did you guys call it? [Ezra] The InBESTigators! Uh oh. I did it backwards. Oh and guess what, Henry really likes this special project! Well, Hen, Mr. McGillick, welcome to The InBESTigators first video blog! [mobile phone beeps] [sighs] Ava? Yeah, all right, you can do the sign. [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] [voice over] The Case of the Disappearing Deliveries. -[beep, whirring] -[dog barks nearby] The Inbestigators office is sometimes hard to find. Because it’s not really an office, it’s this flat behind Ezra’s house, for when his Nanna visits. Which is tomorrow. So we have to clean the fridge. Ezra’s at piano practice,  so we said we’d do it. On the condition that I can  eat any food I find in here. So, because the office is hard to find, Ezra and I made a flyer of where to find us with a map. and then we did a letterbox drop. Which was surprisingly successful. [dog barking] -[knocking on door] -[door opens] [Ezra] Can we help you? I’m looking for the Inbestigators Detective Agency? Our flyer had worked! This is the Inbestigators Detective Agency! -Where are the detectives? -Here. -How old are you? -I’m ten, he’s eleven. It says here that you have over forty years’ experience. We do. Between us. If you add up the ages of Ezra, me, Kyle and Ava. Yeah I thought this was a proper detective agency, not just kids mucking around. I need someone who can actually help solve a crime. Did a crime happen at the frozen yoghurt shop? That’s where you’ve come from now, isn’t it? On your bike? How did you know that? [Kyle] I know! -She was wearing a helmet! -No she wasn’t. Oh. Then I don’t know. You’ve got your pant leg rolled up, which my Dad does if he’s wearing pants that will get stuck in his bike chain. -So I’m guessing your bike is outside? -Yeah, it is. And those pants  look like part of a uniform. They are. And you’ve got white splotches on them, which look a lot like frozen yoghurt. So I think you work at the frozen yoghurt shop? Wow. That’s amazing. How do you do that?! I’m very observant. But then I should I be like you,  I’m very observant too. This custard is disgusting by the way. It’s mayonnaise. We persuaded the girl, whose name was Sophie, that we were grown up enough to help her. ...find out why my parcels are disappearing. -Your parcels? -[Sophie] From my online shopping. Every parcel I’ve ordered lately has vanished from outside my house. How many parcels have you ordered, and also would you like a peanut butter and salmon sandwich? Um... no thank you. Yuk, Maudie. Anyway Sophie, how many parcels have you ordered? Nine. Nine parcels was a lot. My Mum doesn’t make heaps of money, so I help out by buying my own clothes and makeup. You must earn a lot at the frozen yoghurt shop. Maudie! It’s rude to talk about how much money people make. Is it? Yes. Well that’s what my Dad told me when I asked my Uncle Keith how much money he made as a dentist. Sorry Sophie. So how do you know the parcels had actually been delivered? Hey! Don’t throw that dip out! It’s expired. Does it have stuff growing on it? Because I can pick it off. How about a slightly old carrot instead? Deal. So how did Sophie know that the parcels had been delivered? I get text messages from the post office, see? They've all arrived. So the deliveries always happen around 4.55? Which is when I’m working at the frozen yoghurt shop, And when I get home, they’re gone. Can you find who’s taking them? I have twenty dollars in my wallet. Ezra tried to act like we got  twenty dollars all the time. [whooping, yelling] It didn’t work. We arranged to meet Sophie the next afternoon, straight after school before she went to work so-- Oh, this is when Ava and I came too, I know this bit! Wait, what happens again? Sophie met us at her house with her best friend Grace. This is my best friend Grace. Grace! I love your earrings. Thanks. Soph gave them to me. I got them online before my parcels started disappearing-- She buys everything online. She's so lucky she gets so much money at the frozen yoghurt shop. Grace, it's rude to talk about how much money people earn. I’m not sure Grace liked me saying that. How dare you? I’m not rude! You’re rude for saying I’m rude! Am I? It’s just super hard when your friend can buy a lot of stuff because of her really cool job. Can you stop being jealous so I can talk to the detectives? “Detectives”! Don’t be fooled by how little they are. They’re really smart. [Kyle] Maudie, look! The postman must have put the parcels behind this pot to keep it secret, and this plant is one of those fly trappy killer plants! -The plant ate the parcels. -Really smart. It was an Aloe Vera plant. The only thing it can kill is a rash. Yeah, pretty sure there’s no such thing as an ‘Aloe Vera’ plant. Allo Vera! How are you today, Vera?! We told Sophie we would talk to the neighbours and see if  anyone has noticed anything. -Great. Thanks guys. -You’re actually paying them? [Sophie] Someone is stealing from me, Grace! You don’t actually know if anyone is... stealing... Maybe a random dog is taking them. Or some big bird. Yes! A giant bird! An eagle! There are no eagles around here and if there were what would an eagle want with, lipstick, a hairbrush and cross training runners? To look pretty while it plays nestball? -That was a joke. -[laughs] Nestball! Like netball but for birds in a nest! I love sport themed jokes. It’s not a bird and it’s not a dog. It’s a person and they’re stealing. Okay, well, it’s your money and it’s not like you don’t have any--- [Sophie] Oliver I-- [Sophie gasps] -Sophie had fallen over. It was really-- -Funny. [giggles] -...odd. -I mean odd. Mm. Very odd. Oliver! You are in so much trouble! Whoever Oliver was, he was about to get yelled at. I just tripped over your cricket bag and what is this skateboard doing here? And I didn’t even know we had roller skates! -Sorry. Are you hurt? -No, I'm fine but... what has gotten into to you? This is my brother, Oliver. He was the neatest little boy a month ago and now every day he leaves his stuff all over the floor. -Fine, I’ll clean it up. -No, you need to go to Joanna’s. Sophie explained that Oliver went to their neighbour’s house until their Mum got home from work. Yeah, and the neighbour’s name was Joanna and she was what my Dad calls a character. -[dog barks] -[sings operatically] ♪ There he is! ♪ -♪ Hello my good friend Oliver! ♪ -[dog barks] Hi Joanna. -Joanna was singing. -But not like a song that you know. She was singing normal sentences. ♪ I am so glad to see you! ♪ She seems fun. -You and I have a different idea of fun. -Joanna sang to everybody. ♪ Hello children! Hello Grace! ♪ Hey Joanna. ♪ How did work experience go ♪  ♪ When you tried out at the fro yo shop  last week for five afternoons in a row? ♪ Um... they said they’re not hiring at the moment. ♪ What a pity my little pretty! ♪ -[continues singing pretty] -[dog barks] Yeah. Anyway, I better go home now. Grace had been a bit mean to us but we felt sorry for her. She’d done work experience for a whole week at the frozen yoghurt shop, and still hadn’t been hired. [sniffs] And now this lady Joanna was singing about it. ♪ And here’s my Sophie ♪  ♪ I wish I had a trophy! ♪ Hi Joanna. Boy, you are sounding good today! Oh, I hope so, my audition is on Friday and I have been trying to sing everything. Joanna’s an opera singer. She’s going for a part in a big new show. So she’s been practicing for weeks. And my little Oliver’s been helping me out every day, haven’t you? Suddenly we understood why Joanna was singing all the time. She was desperate to get the part in the show, and it was very important to practise all the time. It was also very annoying. ♪ Oliver! ♪ ♪ Oliver shall we see  What we should have for afternoon tea? ♪ ♪ You and me? ♪ ♪ And shall we invite your friends? ♪ -[in a high voice] ♪ Yes please ♪ -[in a low voice] ♪ No thanks ♪ If someone keeps singing at you, you can’t help singing back. Ava and I sang yes to afternoon tea but Oliver didn’t want that. They’re not my friends. They’re with me, Joanna. They’re helping me find my missing parcels. Well I’ve told you online shopping isn’t safe. It’s not surprising if things don’t turn up. Perhaps you’ve learned a valuable lesson. Joanna, they have turned up. Then they’ve been stolen. We don’t have thieves! How could we with Dusty on patrol?! -[Dusty barks] -What’s so interesting there, Dusty? Oh my goodness, she’s adorable! Dusty was Joanna’s little dog and  Ava was right, she was adorable. [Ava] I love her, Joanna! So does Oliver, don’t you? He helps me feed her and every day on the dot of five o’clock, he takes her out for her toilet time, so she can do her little wees and little poos. [giggles] Wees and poos. I love your garden. It's so pretty with your garden toys. Have you seen anything unusual in the afternoons, Joanna? I mean, ♪ Have you seen anything strange? ♪ ♪ Or anyone acting odd? ♪  ♪ Let me think... ♪ ♪ Was it a cat on the mat ♪ ♪ Or was it a rat! ♪ Okay, we really need to talk to other neighbours, who don’t sing Oh, where’s my phone? I swear I put it in my bag. Well, mum said you can’t go to work without your phone so... We have your number, Sophie, so we can call your phone. Before anyone could say anything,  Maudie had swiped her phone. -[cell phone ringing] -[Sophie] Oliver! -Do you have my phone? -No. [cell phone continues to ring] Oh! Uh... I must have accidentally picked up your phone instead of mine. My phone is big and pink,  how can that have been an accident?! It wasn’t. Oliver took your phone on purpose. Just like he took your parcels. When Maudie said Oliver had taken the parcels everything made sense. Kidding. Nothing made sense. Oliver isn’t a thief! And he’s been with Joanna every afternoon! Yeah, and did you even hear what I said about the pot plant? Sophie, could you please excuse us for just a second? Ava I and thought Maudie was wrong. Maudie, it wasn’t Oliver, it was Grace! She took the parcels because she was jealous of Sophie’s money. But she was doing work experience when the parcels were stolen. Oh, that’s right! Well, what about Joanna? She wanted to teach Sophie a lesson about online shopping. -No. -And have we ruled out the eagle? I promised to be quiet. And I promised to explain what had happened. Oliver isn’t a thief, really. But he did take your parcels. -My parcels! -That’s why Dusty was scratching! What? But... how? Oliver brought Dusty out every day at five for toilet time,  and also to collect any parcels that  had arrived at 4.55 at your house,  and hide them in the little van.  Oliver thought if he took your parcels, you would stay home, you wouldn’t go to work and you’d collect them yourself. Is that right? Also Oliver was doing other things to make sure you stayed home, like taking your phone and leaving his stuff out everywhere. Wait! You wanted me to hurt myself? I didn't mean for you to trip. I just thought if I left my stuff all over the ground, you would make me stay and clean it up instead of going to Joanna’s. But, ♪ Why?! ♪ Seriously? Oh! It’s me! You don’t want to be around  me because of the singing. I know the audition is important. No, no, I have been very selfish, haven’t I? -You really have been. -Now that was rude, Maudie. No, no, she’s right. I have been way  too obsessed with this audition. Still, Oliver, that’s no excuse to steal! I wasn’t stealing! I was temporarily hiding, which I guess is kind of stealing. Sorry. And I’m sorry. How about this, Oliver? I stop singing when you walk in the door. ♪ At quarter to four! ♪ Oops. Sorry It was a happy ending. Sophie’s parcels were just a little bit squashed. And Oliver got to do normal things, like watch videos and play. And yesterday Sophie sent us a message to say Joanna got the part in the show! -[Kyle] Awesome! -Yeah, it was good. I’m not talking about Joanna,  I’m talking about these sandwiches! -Oh, they're my peanut butter and salmon. -Yum! -[Kyle] Mmmm! -Ezra doesn’t know what he’s missing. [upbeat instrumental rock music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 