The Worst Witch: Season 4, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Worst Witch 
 s4e13 - The Witching Hour Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Worst Witch (2017–…): Season 4, Episode 13 - The Witching Hour Part 2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 SCREAMING What's happened? GLASS SMASHES The only place for you now is the correctional school for undesirable witches. You're innocent, Mil. We're going to get you out of here. May Agatha Cackle now be released. AGATHA CACKLES BELL RINGS If you're yet packed, then hurry. The end of term is upon us. Miss Hardbroom, did Ethel find you? She did not. Whatever triviality she intends to bother me with, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I do not have the time. She said she'd tell you the truth about Miss Cackle. You see, what happened in the hall. There you are! Oh, come, anyone would think you'd never seen a headmistress before. You are fully recovered! Naturally, I had a protection spell in place against... ..unforeseen little mishaps. It took longer than expected to kick in, that's all. This is wonderful. And we must celebrate, after we award Ethel her badge. My badge? Miss Cackle? Call a special assembly, Miss Hardbroom. Ethel Hallow is to be our new Head Girl. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Miss Hubble - this is the 15th magic mirror message I've left you. Mildred's in trouble. You need to come. Mr Daisy, there's no need to break-up your machine. If it's my last day, it's the machine's last day. It stays here till the end of school, and then... ..smash. But it's working so well now. It formulated a reversal potion for that happiness spell much faster than you or I could have done. Yes, Clarice. But the fact remains... The engine made that? You reverse-engineered it from the original potion? Yes, sir. Clarice! You're a genius! We may be able to reverse-engineer the potion to save Miss Cackle in the same way! I appreciate your efforts. But I don't think that will be necessary. Miss Cackle! You're back! But how? To the hall! All will become clear! You could bring someone back, even after being shattered into pieces? With the help of my engine, yes. Oh, my! We don't want that at all. Maud definitely said, "Be here at 6.30." Even if they did get away, anything could have happened. A broomstick failure, a thunderstorm, or... Or we could have just got here early? Miss Cackle's back to normal. She is? Oh, thank the bats. We're pretty sure it's Felicity who turned her into glass. Thank you. Now, go to presentation, I don't want you getting into any more trouble. OK, Mil. Good luck. Miss Cackle's OK! Someone still framed you. Someone still sent you to Wormwood. Someone about to be made Head Girl. While everyone's in the assembly, we search Felicity's room. All we need to do is find proof. But, Mother, I thought you wanted to be here. You've wanted this since... I see. No, Mother. Esmerelda will only graduate college once. You can't miss that. I understand. Oh! Ugh! Felicity's room, come on. We have to get to the hall now. When I looked into the future, Ethel was wearing a golden bow in her head, just like the one she's got on. I don't... We were wrong, we haven't changed anything, it hasn't happened yet. Everyone's in danger. BELL RINGS Ada, before we go into the hall, I need to speak to you about Mildred Hubble - Maud Spellbody, too. I may have acted with heart, not head. Oh, let's not dwell on depressing subjects. I have something for you - to show my gratitude for another year of loyalty and support. There really is no need. Believe me, there is every need. Wonderful! Now, shall we? DOOR OPENS Get Mildred back here now! How dare you send her off to a place like that? Please do not worry. I will speak to Wormwood immediately after assembly and have Mildred returned, or my name is not Ada Cackle. And I still want a full explanation as to how this happened. Of course! But, for now, will you join us for the main event? APPLAUSE Miss Hubble! Don't you "Miss Hubble" me, Dimity Drill. You're all in my bad books. Yes, I'm very much myself again. Take this as a lesson in the importance of good protection spells. But today is not about me. I give you the new Head Girl of Cackles Academy... ..Ethel Hallow. Ethel Hallow?! Is she serious? As your first official duty, Ethel, would you be so kind as to lead a reading of The Witches Promise? I swear to do my witching duty... ALL JOIN IN: ..my witches code I shall abide, and with these words I read unthinking, to Vanishment I go with pride. Mum! Ada, someone has changed... Ada. You see, Ethel? I told you you'd be Head Girl. Head Girl of nothing. A simple matter to magically alter The Witches Code. Bring them all back now, or... That lovely brooch you're wearing, it's a magical monitor. The slightest spell from you will cause it to send a signal to this. You may recognise the glass. It's what's left of my dear sister. And a signal from the brooch will destroy it forever. But Ethel, we haven't even heard your acceptance speech yet. I don't want this any more. Oh, get on with it. CLOCK TICKS This is...a wonderful moment. I am overjoyed... ..to stand here as Head... Oh, put a bit of vim in it! And as Head Girl... ..I would like to thank you all for making this so much more than I have ever dreamed of. This is it. This is what I saw in the future water. Well, enough frivolity. We have work to do. To the potions lab! Hello? Mildred? Anyone? Miss Hubble? Over here. Someone help! Fenella, are you OK? THEY COUGH What's going on? The words of The Promise had changed. Something about... Vanishment. We've sent ourselves to Vanishment. Vanish what? Anything that's lost or unwanted ends up here. What, we're in magic landfill? We could transport out, Miss Drill. Magic won't work here. Vanishment is on a different plane to our world. The only way in or out is through a Vanishment hole. Wait, I saw my Mildred. I don't think it got her, she'll think of something. We don't have very long. At midnight, on the last day of term, Vanishment is set to magically recycle all of its contents. Voicemail! So be it. Great Wizard, this is Agatha Cackle. Just calling for a catch-up. I'm out of that photograph you trapped me in for several long years. Oh, and I've sent all the children of Cackles Academy to Vanishment. Please don't worry, though. I'm not a monster. I've set a magic word which will free them immediately. It's the name of my first familiar. Oh, but no-one knows that except me. Do they? So your only option is to step down and make me Grand High Witch. No! You have until the witching hour - midnight. If you do not relinquish your title by then, well, we all know what happens to Vanishment at midnight on the last day of term. What? What happens? You're telling me they're going to be turned into part of a cauldron or spell book or potion bottle? If they're still in Vanishment at midnight, then yes. We have to cut a Vanishment hole and get them out. My bet is Agatha's hidden all the magical scissors. What we need is the magic word. No-one knows the name of Agatha's first familiar. Miss Cackle would. Miss Cackle's in pieces. Which is why I'm trying to find an old photo, or a letter, or anything. I could use some help. DOOR RATTLES Oh! How did you get in there? Miss Cackle transported me. That wasn't Miss Cackle, sir. It was her evil sister Agatha. Huh! Fiery fumigants! Mr Daisy, you think you can make a reversal spell? My machine could do it easily... ..if we had the original potion used. What if we knew where to find it? DOOR OPENS I've had these ready for ages. Where is everybody? Help! Help! VOICE ECHOES There has to be a way out. There's a light coming from somewhere. Good thinking, young lady. Izzy. Oh, you're Izzy! Yeah, your dad called me. We had a lot of catching up to do. Miss Drill! That's a Vanishment hole. I bet it leads to the kitchens. My mum must have forgotten and left one open. I love your mum right now. How are we supposed to reach that? We could levitate? Not even a soap bubble would levitate in here. You lot! So brilliant and so useless. Ms Hubble? Didn't you learn anything from my art class? There's stuff everywhere! We're going to build a tower! I was Felicity's broom-mate. I know where she hides stuff. Ethel's handwriting. "Sting of nettle, thorn of briar, "Mildred Hubble's spell backfire!" That's what wrecked your spell and turned Miss Cackle to glass. Oh, palpitating particles! There's enough potion left here for my engine to devise a reversal. But it's in the potions room with Agatha! We have to get the evil twin out so he can get in before my Mabel gets recycled into a bat box! How long would you need, Mr Daisy? I don't know. Maybe three hours? There's only one hour left till midnight. Well, I'll try my best. Maybe with the help of Miss Hardbroom. Oh, yeah. Your dance partner. I was under a spell, Miss Tapioca! You'd have to keep Agatha busy for the whole hour. I can get her out of there. How? When she last met me... ..I looked like someone else. 55 minutes, soon-to-be ex-Great Wizard. I'm waiting! Surely even you see this is madness? "Madness" is witches using their magic to benefit riff-raff. When I rule, we will use it for ourselves. And if you fail you will have the lives of all those children on your conscience. Oh, no. They'll be on Ethel's conscience. I couldn't have done any of this without her help. KNOCKING Agatha Cackle? The Great Wizard sent me. I rather expected a senior figure. I'm on work experience. I make coffees, clean potion bottles... ..deliver messages to evil bad guys. Is there a purpose to your visit? Yes! Sorry! The Great Wizard requests your presence, for a formal handover of his title. Did I get that right? Lead the way, girl. ETHEL: What is she even doing? How did she even get back here? I do not know, but I should never have sent her away. My failing is that I put so much faith in witching traditions and families. Families such as yours! What? How did you avoid... No time to explain. Who would have thought, Miss Hardbroom, everyone's future depending on my little invention? If anything happens to my daughter in Vanishment I'm holding YOU personally responsible. Oh, and keep your mitts off him, twinkle-toes. Sprout sandwich? Where is the old fool? He should be here by now. Unless I got the wrong door. Is it the front or the back? Let's see... Find him, or I will turn you into a toad. Seriously? My mate, Thora Thistle, she did her work experience as a toad, and it's one long pool party! Why do I feel as if I know you? Maybe I have one of those faces. CAT MEOWS That cat I do know. Shoo! Shoo, strange cat I've never met before! Mildred. Hubble. Who? Mildred Hubble who ruined my plans again and again. Mildred Hubble who got me trapped in a photograph! Oh, THAT Mildred. The Great Wizard isn't coming, is he? This is a trick. I'd call it more of a trap. You walked right into it, my sticky shoe spell. Mildred Hubble! See you, less talented Cackle! I am coming for you! There are some quality vintage items in here. Come on, Fenella! Build! Keep going, girls! We can do this! 15 minutes to midnight! And now to feed in the potion. I wish I'd never seen that bottle. This had better work, Mr Daisy. To do it in time, I have to turn everything up to danger level. OK... Great, take hold of that! Three, two, one... Fiery fumigants! Ten minutes! Close enough. We've got to go. She's through! I will turn you into beetles and feed you to the bats! Seven minutes to go, Millie! We've got to keep her away! You can't outfly me! I'll find you, Mildred Hubble! MILDRED LAUGHS Thank you, girls. Ms Hubble? Julie! Come on! Here it comes! Has it worked? Two minutes. Thunder, lightning, or in rain. Make Miss Cackle herself again. Oh, it's too weak! We need the glass! We need it right here! But it's around Agatha's neck. Mildred Hubble! You thought you could outwit me? Think again! Mabel! MISS HARDBROOM: Is everyone safe? No, Miss Hardbroom. Mildred's mum is still in there! What? Oh, how unfortunate. The magic word. Say the magic word! Great Wizard, you have moments left. Hand over your title or... He already did. "I, The Great Wizard, with this document, "do hand over all my power and authority to the recipient." Give, Ethel! There will be a place in the new regime, of course? Ethel! Just hand it over! Of course, Ethel. I can always use an ambitious witch like you. MILDRED: Now say the word! Oh, I don't think so. It's one minute till midnight! Mum's in there. I never had any intention of revealing the word. Funny. I never had any intention of giving you the actual scroll. In thunder, lightning, or in rain. Make Miss Cackle herself again! Did I nod off for a while? Miss Cackle! Agatha's first familiar, what was it called? Come on, Julie! JULIE SCREAMS CLOCK CHIMES The Witching Hour is upon us! The name! The magic word! You must remember! It's so long ago, I... Oh, yes! Murphy! Mum! It's time for you to go back into the photograph. It's the safest place for you. Not there. Anywhere but there. I swear to do my witching duty. Agatha... By Witches' Code I shall abide... Stop. ..and with these words I read, unthinking... No, it's still recycling! ..to Vanishment I go with pride! Oh, Agatha. I just wanted to say thank you for what you did. Thank you? It was all my fault! Agatha's fault. Look, she knew how much being Head Girl meant to you. And so do I. You still don't hate me, do you? I suppose that's why you'll be a good Head Girl, Mildred Hubble. And Maud'll be a great deputy. I could use an adviser. Someone who knows everything there is to know about Cackle's. And someone who truly is an exceptional witch. But... ..surely you'd prefer to have a friend take that role? Yeah. Yes, I would. Mildred Hubble. My bootlaces are undone? My hair's a mess? You must wonder why I have always been so hard on you. I know why. It's the whole Indigo thing. You thought that witches from a non-magical background were a mistake. That is not the reason. What, then? If I had not always demanded the best of you... ..would you really be going up on that stage today? I came to say that I am... ..proud of you. Azura Moon! Your bootlaces are undone. Isabella Jones, your hair is a mess. TOGETHER: Sorry, Miss Hardbroom. Mildred, here a sec. I'm due on stage. I know, I know. It's just I've invited someone else along. Dad! Hey! How cool is this, huh? You two have been in touch? That's great! Yeah, I should have tried harder to do that when you were little. To tell him about you. Me? Too proud, I suppose. Too stubborn. You had your reasons. You couldn't have raised a better kid. What? Mildred... ..this is your dad. Millie! You're on! That's my sister?! WHISPERING: That's my sister! I apologise that events have kept us here a day longer than expected. But, on a positive note, I am definitely me. In other good news, The Great Wizard has informed me that Wormwood School is to be closed, and its pupils returned to real Academies - thanks to the efforts of two of our pupils in exposing its awful, outdated practises. Thank you, Maud and Mildred. Which brings me to why we're here. Mildred Hubble, our new Head Girl! "Desk cupboard, sock drawer..." Oh, that's my packing list! I'll just...say what I feel. Four years ago, I didn't even know there was a Cackle's. I couldn't fly a broomstick. Or mix potions. I didn't even know those things were real! Well, they are. As real as the friends we've made here. And the fun we have. And the family that we are. I now know that magic is real. But you don't need a cauldron, and you don't need a spellbook. There is magic inside each and every one of us... ..witch or not. You just have to believe in it. APPLAUSE 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 