Iris: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Iris 
 s1e15 - Episode #1.15 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Iris (2009–…): Season 1, Episode 15 - Episode #1.15 - full transcript 
 Park Cheol-Yeong joins Hyun-Jun and an unknown organization to stop the terrorist attack on Seoul. But first, they must track down the bomb. Meanwhile, IRIS is beginning to take control of the NSS. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This drama is based on fiction and any similarities to real people, places, or events are purely coincidental Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad {\a6}This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Shut up and respond only to my questions. In their hideout, Hyun Jun interrogates Seung Hee, but is unable to get the access code from her and at Baek San's request, Seung Hee is released. Let her go. Please erase all memories of me. Seung Hee! Hyun Jun chases down the clue left behind by the voice 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and ends up reporting the existence of IRIS and its intention of a terrorist act, using a nuclear explosion. I think we have a traitor within NSS. Sang Hyun, being suspicious of Sa Woo and Director Baek San, begins to track down the terrorists with Seung Hee. Separately, to try and stop Yeon Gi Hoon, he goes to meet Seon Hwa, and is kidnapped by men sent by Hyun Jun. If you don't answer my question immediately, you will die. Episode 15 We don't have any time to waste. If you don't answer my question immediately, you will die. Where is this place? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Did Kang Do Cheol put you up to this? Just answer the questions I ask. Tell me where the uranium capsule and detonating devices are. You're the one that was with Kang Do Cheol. Why are you asking me? Do you think this is alright? He was sent here as a representative of the North. I will ask you one last time. Where is the nuclear bomb? What is the reason you're looking for it? Did you have a change of heart? Your objective was revenge against Baek San and South Korea. I don't know where the bomb is. I am now, in a situation where I can't help you with your revenge. Kang Do Cheol betrayed me. Stop lying! I know that you and Baek San are a part of IRIS. IRIS? What is that? I have no idea what you're talking about, but I never intended to set off that nuclear bomb. My plan was to use the threat of the nuclear bomb to stop the North-South summit from taking place. But... I found out recently... that I was being used. Kang Do Cheol, who has the bomb in his possession, is now following orders from the head of the committee for the summit, Yeon Gi Hoon. I don't know what this IRIS is that you're talking about, but if Baek San is involved with it, it's not me, but Yeon Gi Hoon. Yeon Gi Hoon is preparing to blow up the bomb in Seoul, and cause a war to break out between North and South Korea. I don't wish for a war. The reason why I contacted Seon Hwa was to locate the bomb, that had been taken out of my control. Have you seen Seon Hwa and Kim Hyun Jun? They've not been seen for a while. Those two are such distractions, why don't we hurry up and kill them? Uh... Kim Seon Hwa... left after receiving a call from Park Chul Young. When was that? It's been about three hours. Why didn't you already follow my orders to get rid of them? I'm sorry. I was planning to do it on D-Day. Hurry up and take care of it, and the rest of you move to the new hideout. I got it. Do you, by any chance, have access to the hotline to your Minister of Defense? If the bomb is set off, it's not just a terrorist act affecting Seoul, but the entire nations of both North and South Korea. Also... Finding out who's involved in this plan, and how much the Minister knows, is crucial right now. And we need to find out what Yeon Gi Hoon's plans are, for after the attack. Please bear in mind that stopping the war, is dependent upon the decisions you make. He's asking for you. I just don't know what we need to do. Should we bring in Baek San and Yeon Gi Hoon to try and stop this? Even if we bring them in, it will still be difficult to find the bomb. Looking back now, I can think of times when I should have realized that I was being used. After we failed to protect Yoon Sung Chul, for me to be reinstated so quickly, that wasn't something that is possible in our party. But even then, I never suspected Minister Yeon Gi Hoon even once. I was blinded by my loyalty, to our party and our people, or so I thought. But I realize today, that it was my personal ambition, and that breaks my heart. It's not too late. You need to hurry up and find that bomb, and stop the war from taking place. Kang Do Cheol is probably planning to kill you and Kim Hyun Jun, just before carrying out the mission. I have no way to find out the location of that nuclear bomb. It's possible that they've completed assembly of the bomb by now. The only people who can find it... are you and Kim Hyun Jun. We're here. What we can find out with the tracking system goes to this point. What are you going to do? Where I was held was in the basement of a building like these. I'm sure it was one of these buildings. It's too dangerous to look for it on your own. Report to Section Chief Park, and request additional agents. You ask him for the agents. Choi Seung Hee! Keep your line open. She's somewhere around here. Find her quickly. I'm sorry. I couldn't stop her. Stay near the area. I'll send out a team right away. And tell Seung Hee... What are you doing? You are being arrested for treason. Section Chief. Section Chief! Treason? Who committed treason? Take him away. Let me go, you bastards! Who ordered this? Was it the Director? Shut up and just come with us. Seung Hee. We have a problem. What happened? I think the Section Chief was arrested. Team Leader Choi... Seung Hee! Seung Hee. You are currently on suspension from active duty. Please come with us. If you continue, I have no choice but to arrest you. I'm currently on the hunt for the terrorists. Just call for backup agents. I said you are suspended. We found Team Leader Choi Seung Hee. Come to the front of the Hana Building. Why are you doing this? To protect you. No, tell me the real reason. Are you trying to protect me or the terrorists? What are you saying? What was the reason for deleting the storage buildings used by the terrorists from the list that Tae Sung gave you? I've... never done that. Do you know how suspicious you've been acting lately? Why did you change so much? The person who changed wasn't me but you! How did you become so reckless with your behavior? Stop obsessing over Hyun Jun. Hyun Jun put you in danger and made your life unhappy, and now he is just a part of your past that you must erase. And what I'm attempting now, is to make you right your life. Team Leader Choi Seung Hee is under arrest. Take her away! Let me go. The person that should be arrested isn't me, it's Jin Sa Woo! Release me! Get going! Hey, we have a big problem. I don't know what it is, but can you tell me later? I'm really busy right now. We really have a big problem! What is it? The Section Chief was taken away. What are you talking about? I don't know. The security agents just took the Section Chief away. Minister Yeon Gi Hoon has been looking for you. It looks like, he's suspicious of something. There's nothing to worry about. Minister Yeon is asking to see you. You've been gone a lot lately. I've been studying the route back home. What do you mean? My top priority is keeping you safe until our return. In case something goes wrong, shouldn't we have an escape plan ready? When will we be returning back North? Should we look around Seoul for a little while? The Commander of Pyeongyang*, General Choi Woo Sung, {\a6} * = Headquarters of The People's Army the Head of 4th Corps Army, General Jung Taek Soo, and Head of National Security, Lee Tae Soon, are all working with me. Many are unhappy with our Great Leader's policies. When the nuclear bomb goes off, Lee Tae Soon and the Marine forces will seize our Leader's quarters and his staff. That will leave our Leader without protection, and vulnerable to attack. Then, 4th Corps Army will surround Pyeongyang. If that happens, the US forces and their allies will prepare to attack. It will be announced that the nuclear terrorism was carried out secretly by the Defense Minister, at the Leader's behest, and the missile troops will be placed on emergency alert. By emergency alert, do you mean...? Special Forces* of 8th Corps Army. {\a6}* = missile arms specialists The US forces in the Pacific will prepare and aim 20 guided missiles to attack Moosoo Danri and Dong Changri. However, we will announce our counterattack plans, to use our Special Forces of the 8th Corps Army to attack the UN forces. Then... the North-South efforts for reunification will be stalled, and Lee Tae Soon will take power, and our mission will be successful. Scramble the signals. Yes, sir. I understand. I'll pass that along. I received a call from Park Chul Young. What did he say? The top level officers are all involved. At the time the bomb explodes, they plan to arrest the Leader of their party. Do you mean a coup d??tat? Yes. Please consider carefully again, on the need for NSS. What you want to do for the nation, to help resolve problems, and to make it possible for you to do so, is our mission and... the reason for our existence. There is a force of power called IRIS, and there is an organization that exists under that power. IRIS controls many organizations, and among them, is Baek San of NSS, who receives orders from it. Is that about right? That is right. I believe this threat of nuclear terrorism, is in protest of the planned North-South summit. Your desire for reunification, the change that would take place in the North, and the Korean peninsula becoming one, are definitely objected to by some people. Who are they? I'm sorry? Prior to initiating this North-South summit, and excluding NSS from the initial planning, I gave it much thought. I said that I will put the security in NSS's hands, did I not? Yes. However, something must happen before that can be possible. We cannot use the current NSS. They keep their identities and actions hidden, so that we don't know what they're up to. That will not be allowed any longer. So what you mean by that is... I don't know if the previous administrations needed this secret organization, but as long as I'm the President, I cannot permit such an agency. The NSS will now operate under the knowledge and the direction of the government. Furthermore, the new head of the agency will be the current Vice Director Baek San. Immediately upon the return of the Vice Director from Hungary, appoint him as the Director. Yes, sir. I passed along all the information to the President. Yes. We'll be in contact again. I am to be blamed for all this. Without knowing Baek San was such a person, I put him in the top position at NSS. No, sir. I am to blame for my lack of judgment in the situation. We must do everything we can to find out the extent of IRIS's control that Baek San serves. Yes, sir. We will do our utmost, to reveal all the members, not only in the Blue House, but in all the organizations they've infiltrated. We're out front. We'll be right up. Go to the building security and ask for cooperation. Yes, sir. Put your gun down. Turn around. This is the equipment room... Director Baek San and you... since when? Why would you want to know that? It was a hellish life for me as well. Hurry up and end it. Before I find out everything I need to know, you can't die even if you wanted to. Hurry up and tell me. Since when? When you pulled the gun on me in Hungary, what were you then? Were you a member of IRIS... or were you my friend? Jin Sa Woo! You coward, how can you run away by yourself like that? You went with a woman, didn't you? You want to die? Seung Hee. Sa Woo! You can hear me, right? For the past 2 years, every time I thought of you, I came to the same conclusion. Because you were Jin Sa Woo, you could have done it. You need to follow the rules, and must obey all orders. That's who Jin Sa Woo is! I knew that was why you could do that. After you received the order to kill me, what must have you felt? I didn't blame you, but blamed Baek San and NSS... who gave you such an order, and I swore revenge on them. Sa Woo, I never thought... you'd be a part of IRIS! You were always like that. You never really knew anything about me. Because of you, do you know how much pain I've suffered? Because of you, do you know what I had to give up? You never had any idea. What difference does it make if you know since when? How could that mean anything at this point? I went to kill you, and from that moment, you ceased to exist... in my heart! Sa Woo. It's not too late, Sa Woo! There's still time... to undo what you've done! Shut up! The only way to make it right, is for you to disappear. He went out. Kang Do Cheol and the team members, they're all gone. I think they were going to kill us as they left here. What do we do now? Hyun Jun! He's still alive. Wake up. Wake up! Help me. Where's the examination room? Oh my goodness! How was he hurt? Wake up. Come on, wake up. Wake up! It's a gunshot wound. Shouldn't we report it first? Even if it's just for an instant, wake him up. Hurry! Wake up. Wake up. Wake up. Wake up. Open your eyes. Where's Kang Do Cheol? Where's Kang Do Cheol? Where's the target location? I don't know. Listen to me carefully. You're going to die anyway. If you want to end the agony, even by a little, tell me. You're too late. You... can't stop us. Wake up. Wake up! Give him more Atropine! It's too late. Any more won't do any good. Were you able to find out? They're gone? Where to? I don't know. There were only three guys left to take care of me and Seon Hwa. There's no movement here. I don't think the bomb will go off, before Yeon Gi Hoon leaves. Don't tell Secretary Jeong Hyun Jun that we lost Kang Do Cheol. If the President finds out, he won't hesitate to take action. They'll try to arrest Yeon Gi Hoon and Baek San. If they do, we won't be able to stop the bomb. I'll be on this end trying to track them down. If Yeon Gi Hoon makes any move, let me know right away. What are you planning to do? The one that died in the hospital had this on him. Secretary Jeong Hyun Jun is behaving strangely. In what way is he acting strangely? He's excluding me, and spending a lot of time alone with the President. Do you think he's caught on to something? Once things get in motion, we may have to take care of the Blue House. How far is the headquarters wanting to take this? Taking over... the South and North. Depending on the situation, you might have to take care of the President. Continue watching the President and Jeong Hyun Jun, and if anything unusual happens, contact me immediately. What were you trying to accomplish by putting Seung Hee out there? What I know is... that Kim Hyun Jun is alive, that we must stop the nuclear terrorism, and that within NSS... there are traitors. Just these three things. As a traitor, who is he betraying? Are you asking me because you really don't know? What I'm trying to do is for the benefit and security of this country. Through nuclear terrorism? What benefit requires... the sacrifice of 150,000 lives? That we are only temporarily at rest from war, is a fact that people forget too easily. If, for a price of 150,000 lives, we can protect the security of the nation, isn't that a fair deal? Who are you? You'll know soon enough. Tell me. We lost Team Leader Choi Seung Hee. What? Where is Team Leader Choi Seung Hee? On the way here, they lost her. I have the entire team out there looking for her. The mission is about to take place. Find her before it happens. During the transport, back to NSS, Team Leader Choi Seung Hee escaped. If I don't find her first, she will be in danger. If you can think of any place where Choi Seung Hee could be, please tell me. Sa Woo, how did you become like this? What are you trying to do? What is the relationship between Director Baek San and you? It'll be better for you to not know. If you know, you'll also be in danger. Danger? I'm sitting here, charged with treason. What more is there for me to fear? Do you know what I'm really afraid of? The fact that... I brought you into NSS. I thought of you as more than a hometown friend. I thought of you as my younger brother. Please don't say any more. Tell me. Why are you doing this? Is Director Baek San... holding something over on you? Please stop. Do you... think I am the type to change for reasons like that? I know you're not and that's why I'm asking you! Why are you doing this? For whom? For what are you doing this? I really do understand... how hard this is for you. Sa Woo, you're acting contrary to who you really are. Have you seen agent Yang Mi Jeong? Mi Jeong? No, I don't think so. What? Is there something else? No. Continue your good work. He's gone. Get up. What do we do now? First, we should get in contact with Seung Hee. I've been trying, but I haven't been able to get hold of her or Section Chief Yang. What you asked for is in there. Thank you. You won't have Section Chief Park's help anymore. What are you going to do now? There's nothing that even begins to be a clue. Do you have anything? These are the areas that this car has been in recently. But look at the dates. For three days, they'd been roaming this area every day. Why do you think? I guess we'll find out when we go there. Stop the car. You can get in contact with Mi Jeong now, right? Yeah. Uh... Yes, it's possible to obtain a radioactive sketch via satellite, but it's impossible to find the bomb that way. Why? Because the device they took from NSS completely shields it, so it can't be detected. And? That leaves the uranium capsule. They probably shielded it first, so that also makes it impossible to detect, through satellite tracing. But if they took out the capsule to assemble the bomb, it must have been exposed during that time. Right. I guess there is that possibility. Mi Jeong, is satellite tracing available to you now? Yes. Then see if you can find any heightened radioactivity in Seoul the past week. Yes, got it. And Section Chief Oh, please provide Mi Jeong the information she'll need to trace the activity. Okay, I got it. Section Chief! What is it? It's finished. We're about to get the results. Oh, okay. What are you doing? Don't you know unauthorized use of satellite tracing is forbidden? Follow me. You know the situation her at NSS right now, don't you? Do you... want to be arrested for treason, like Section Chief Park? Did Team Leader Choi Seung Hee ask you to do this? Yes. What does Team Leader Choi want? Information on any location with radioactivity in Seoul during the past week. If you give her the results, was she going to go there? Yes. Send her... your findings. [Seoul, Goo Ro district, Soo Goong neighborhood 7, number 137] The result is back. I'll go on my own from here. Seung Hee. If I need your help, I'll contact you. Thank you. Be careful. We've located Team Leader Choi Seung Hee. Okay. Note the location, and send the agents there. I don't think we'll get anywhere this way. Other than it being in Seoul, in a nearby area, we don't know anything else. Do you think they were looking for a target location? I don't think so. I'm sure the location was defined from the beginning. Let me see the list of the latest locations. We've already checked out the locations that they've repeated for three days. Seon Hwa, look at this. They went to this location only once. And unlike the other places, this isn't in the middle of Seoul. Why would they have gone there? Oh. Have you seen Section Chief Park? I can't get a hold of him on his phone. Uh... What's wrong? The Section Chief was arrested. What are you talking about? Why? I don't know that myself. They say it's for treason. Treason? It's me. What do you mean by treason? What act of treason did he commit? Yes. What? Things at NSS, are a bit strange. What do you mean by that? The Section Chief of Anti-Terrorism team, has been arrested for treason. Did you know about this? No. I haven't received any reports of it. How did you learn of the internal activities of NSS? I am... the Head of National Security. Didn't you think I had access to at least that much information? We should... be focusing on blocking the terrorist act, but things like that are going on at NSS. Isn't that a major problem? We need to take immediate measures. What is it? I got it. I have an urgent matter to attend to. Please excuse me. These were taken today by a security camera at a hospital. I've put the police on alert for the time being. I would like to talk to the hospital staff. Yes, sir. He asked me to bring a dying man to consciousness, even briefly, and ask him where Kang Do Cheol was. Did he answer? No. The man died... without saying anything. It looks like Kim Hyun Jun lost track of the terrorists. If he did lose them, then we have no chance of finding that nuclear bomb. Where is Kim Hyun Jun right now? I can't get in contact with him. Then the only person who knows where the terrorists and the bomb are located is Yeon Gi Hoon. Yes. Bring in... Yeon Gi Hoon right now. Are you saying arrest him? We can't just continue to rely on Kim Hyun Jun only. No matter what, we must stop the nuclear terrorist attack. Act immediately. Yes, sir. This must be where they assembled the bomb. Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad {\a6}This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Main Translator: songbird Timer: sweet`dreams Editor/QC: songbill Coordinators: mily2, ay_link Where is the bomb to go off? We'll go to Kwang Ha Mun, and set it off ourselves. They said it's Kwang Ha Mun. We will block them from here. Watch dramas legally @ dramafever.com STOP illegal streaming sites 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 