Iris: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Iris 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Iris (2009–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 For their first assignment, Hyun Joon and Sa Woo must stop a planned assassination on the South Korean President. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Secure the interrogation room and release the tranquilizing gas. Leave him. He's mentally unstable. He could be dangerous. Give me his test results. Sa-woo! Sa-woo! Sa-woo! Sa-woo! Sa-woo! Sa-woo! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sa-woo, Sa-woo. Wake up, Sa-woo. Sa-woo. Sa-woo, wake up boy! That's not going to work. Welcome to the NSS. Where am I? I just told you, we're the NSS. We are known as the National Security Service. Well... The peace of the nation? Let's just say this is where people defeat the enemies that threaten the nation. It's not that different from the task force that you were in. Except, the existence of the NSS isn't disclosed to the public. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Why are you doing this to us? I'm sure you've gone through a lot in the last few hours. Let's say it's a rite of passage to become an NSS member. Although the nation has chosen you, you have the right to decline. If you want to give up, you may leave now. The NSS has been testing your competence for a long time. We came to the conclusion that you two are qualified to be agents, and you have just passed the final test. If you decide to be our agents, you'll go through special training programs for the next six months before being sent out on the field. I hope you'll make a prudent decision. NATIONAL SECURITY SERVICE Hey, relax. We're in the center of Seoul. Just relax. I'm Sang-hyun Park, secretary of the NSS counter terrorism division. First of all, I'd like to congratulate you on becoming NSS agents. Introduce yourselves. I'm Tae-sung Hwang. I'm Mi-jeong Yang. Mi-jeong Yang is the best hacker in Korea. She'll help you with computer related tasks. Tae-sung Hwang will support you in every other aspect when you're carrying out your missions. You two may leave now. This is Seung-hee Choi, your team leader. She's also our expert profiler. You'll need her help a lot to quickly adapt to the NSS. You'll also be learning profiling techniques which is necessary on your assignments. I'll leave first. You three talk here. Right, you know we're visiting the Deputy Director's house today, right? - Yes, sir. - Good. I'll be right back. Sir, may I talk to you for a second? Did you plan this from the beginning? Did you approached me with all these intentions? Sa-woo. Everyone can see what you're doing to me right now. There's no dead zone in the NSS that cameras don't cover. You're right. I contacted you because I wanted to recruit you. But, now you understand why I had to conceal my identity, right? You still shouldn't have done this to me. Although I was well trained in the force, I almost died! Hey, I've been through the same thing. Okay? You did well. Let's have a drink together, okay? Did you show up in the classroom on purpose in the first place? That's right. That was a necessary process for me to profile you. Why don't you become an actress? I'll be your manager. I'm sure we'll make a lot of money. I do become an actress when it's required to complete a mission. How was my acting skills? Are you joking with me now? I believe that you're aware of the rules you need to comply with as NSS agents as you went through the orientation. You never know when you'll be sent to carry out missions. So you must always be on standby. And there won't be individual profiling training sessions as Secretary Park has mentioned. I'll tell you what to do while you're on duty when it's needed. Any questions? Let's go to meet with the Deputy Director then. It was a harsh test, wasn't it? Both Secretary Park and I couldn't disclose our identities. I'm sorry. It's okay. I understand now. Let's go. Okay. What did she say? Well... Nothing special. Sir! - How are you, sir? - You're here. - Hello, sir. - Hello, sir. Nice to have you here. You've been through a lot. I just wanted to have dinner with you. We're honored to be served with your dishes and tea today. I'm afraid that we're giving you extra work all day. Please, don't mention it. I hope you liked it. We really enjoyed it, ma'am. - You did? - Yes. I don't know about anything else, but my wife is a great cook. It was really tasty. Please teach me how to cook next time. They're rookies. How do they look? They look competent, don't they? I don't really know about your jobs, but you two are very handsome. Seung-hee is beautiful as well. I guess your company prefers only good looking people. I've only invited handsome people, but not everyone is like them. When will we be assigned with our first mission? Why? Are you raring to go? Really? Be patient. Things will come up soon. I'll be right back. Hello? The Deputy Director's wife doesn't seem to know at all what his job really is. That's why he's scary. Okay? Although it hasn't been long for me, it's been really hard to keep my job a secret from my wife. But the Deputy Director has kept it a secret for more than 30 years. No ordinary person can do that. He's indeed very unyielding. Although he is the deputy director in title, he's practically the head of the NSS. A new person takes over the title of a director every time a new president is elected. Let's have a toast. The final decision can be changed according to Secretary Oh's analysis. Let's discuss the details tomorrow. Okay. Why are you here? You said you observed and profiled me. Then you must have found out something. What is it? I can't tell you. You ought to apologize for mocking me. You're such an ill-mannered grump. Watch your language. I'm your superior. I've done nothing to apologize for. If you really have to know, I'll tell you. You're being so condescending and trying to act macho, but that's only to cover up old wounds or painful memories. And you're egocentric all the time. That's also caused by underlying self-defense mechanism. And... You've fallen for me at first sight. But that's too bad. The NSS strictly prohibits relationships between agents, and even if it's allowed, you're not my type. I don't know what your painful past is, but I absolutely abhor people who act macho. And let me get this straight again. I am your superior. If you ever dare to... Hyun-jun Kim. Please follow me. I'll be right back. There's no need to worry about that. This is the only place in the NSS where there are no cameras. I see. Is there... anything you want to secretly talk to me about? Hyun-jun Kim. Do I look easy to you? If not, do you think the NSS is a joke? Keep in mind that I'm your superior, and the NSS never allows romantic relationships to develop between agents. Hold on, ma'am. Do you know why I joined the NSS? To be honest, I don't care about the loyalty the NSS asks for. It's no different from when I was in the special task force. What motivated me to carry out all the dangerous missions with my life at risk wasn't patriotism or anything like that at all. I just felt that I found something interesting for the first time. After I managed to get in the force, I realized that I was destined to be a soldier. And I've decided to join the NSS because this dangerous and complicated organization seemed very simple to me. If I just risk my life, I thought I could keep the job that I find interesting and that I think I'm meant for. I... don't have such loyalty or patriotism as an agent. But once I make up my mind, I never give up. I've never thought that you're an easy person ever since we first met in the classroom. And I'm serious about this. Well then, I'll get back to work. Ma'am, what are you staring at? It's nothing. UNDERWATER SOUND AMBIENT MODELLING Are you not leaving? You're not done yet? I should finish this. As our job is very sensitive, we perform autopsies that the National Forensic Service can't handle. It's too noisy to fall asleep! He is Secretary Oh of the Forensic Science Division. What is this? What? I see. Are they the new guys? Yes. I'm Hyun-jun Kim. I'm Sa-woo Jin. Okay. "Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster." This is what Nietzsche said. Keep this in mind. You can leave now. I need some more sleep. Everyone here has some issues. Now the NSS has one more psycho. I'm sure things will go smoothly here. What did you mean by that? What? The Nietzsche's quote. I've read the profile of Hyun-jun Kim, and he's highly likely to be a monster. No, he's far from that. Although he pretends to be tough, he's very innocent. What? Did you already fall for him? No way. My goodness. Are you going out? Yes. Where? Well... You know. What are you doing today? I'll just idle away my time at home. If you have time on your hands, why don't you tidy up the room and do the laundry. Why don't you do that? Do you need anything else? A bottle of wine is enough. Okay. See you soon. What brings you here? Oh, well... You know... I was thinking about applying the general data mining techniques to behavioral analysis. But I wasn't so sure about it. Well... You said I could ask anytime if I have questions about profiling. This is Sa-woo Jin. Okay. It's the NSS. This is Yamamoto Takashi. He's been classified as a possible terrorist and is being investigated by not only the NSS, but also the Japanese Cabinet. He'll arrive in Korea via Incheon airport at 11:35 a.m. Mi-jeong, brief us on his personal information. He doesn't have an accurate birth certificate. He's estimated to be 45 years old. He is Japanese with Syrian citizenship. When the Japanese Red Army declared its disbandment, some remaining members formed a new organization. Takashi is known to be the successor of that organization. When was the last known terror attack? It's presumed that they destroyed a US military facility in Okinawa, when the US opened the army to the public in 1999. If he's that dangerous, can the government deny his entry to Korea or arrest him at the airport? It's not that simple. We need to know why he's visiting Korea. If he came here to launch a terrorist attack, that means his accomplices whom we haven't identified are already in Korea. This will be the first official mission. For agents Hyun-jun Kim and Sa-woo Jin, Find out the purpose of his visit, those in contact with him, and his expected destinations during the visit. Mi-jeong and Tae-sung, back them up. ARRIVAL TOKYO, NARITA He's on the move. Sa-woo, what are you doing? Is the result ready? Ma'am. Ta-da. This is for you. What is it? It's a tracking device we requested in the past from the R&D; Team. This is a perfect device that's capable of wireless transmission. He's at the last baccarat table across the main doorway. Where is he? Pair zero, banker natural eight. Banker wins. You're really good. Are you a professional gambler? Open. Pair five. Race. Wow. You're amazing. Yes, I am. Why don't you come to my room and have a glass of champagne with me? Well then, let's go. Please keep these with my chips. Thank you very much. Gambling is never easy. What is she thinking? Is she planning to give herself to him? Please just be quiet. Let's have a kiss to celebrate today's victory. Oh, why don't you take a shower first? Well then, let's do it together. No way. That's too embarrassing. You can go first. Okay. I understand. I installed a GPS device on his phone. I'll meet him tomorrow again, and you two can support me. I was a bit surprised. You told me to become an actress. See you tomorrow. I'm about to meet the target. Standby. How do you like it? What about this one? - I'll go inside and try this. - Okay. Really? Okay. He's on the phone right now. He might be talking about where to meet. Tap his phone. Really? Okay. Who the hell are you? What? What's wrong? Are you okay? Hurry! Go! Now! Emergency. Emergency. Please track his location. My current location is W345 and E234. He's running to the front gate. The position is revised to grid 354, west 234. Collect the data of all the buildings and roads within a five-kilometer radius. Two seconds until data upload. Target spotted. Target spotted. The target is running to a shopping mall. Display the building's image on the screen. Alley on your right, 25 meters ahead. The gate on the left of the stairs. The target is moving to the first door of the basement. The target is running through the back door. He's moving northwards. Where is he? I lost him. I'll let you know as soon as I find his location. Secure all available CCTV cameras in Itaewon. Check TK1's current location. TK1, report your location. I'm 50 meters away from Itaewon station exit number four. Target found. TK1, to your seven o'clock. The target is at the gate behind the building. He's moving towards the intersection. He's within 50 meters from you. Do not lose him this time. Target spotted. On a CCTV camera. The target is entering the restaurant. Check the traffic conditions and find out his possible escape routes. He is moving toward Hannam intersection. Through the industrial complex on Gueui Street. Roadwork, 100 meters ahead. He's likely to change his direction to the main street. The target is off the bike and is moving eastward. To your 11. To your 11. The target has gone into Seongsu station. Doors closing. Move, move aside! Move! What happened to him? Move, move away! - Is he dead? - What's happening? - Is that blood? - Is he dead or what? Huh? Well... The bullet traveled downwards between cervical vertebra one and the occipital bone. When a spinning bullet enters a cranial bone, its rotation radius widens, damaging the occipital, temporal and parietal lobes, thus destroying the entire frontal lobe. Do you want to see? No, thank you, sir. This... must have been done by a professional. It seems like Takashi was going to meet his contact at Seongsu Station. But the contact saw that we were after Takashi. So he killed Takashi and disappeared. Considering that he had a contact here, it's obvious that he came to Korea to launch a terror attack. Have you identified the target Takashi was after? Not yet, sir. Put an end to it as soon as possible, before things get worse. We've thoroughly reviewed the places he had been in Korea, his belongings, and even all his records, but we have failed to identify any target he planned to attack. Possible prime targets we've came up with are, first, the President, second, the U.S. ambassador, and lastly, the Chief Cabinet Secretary who is currently on a visit to Korea. We've informed the Office of Presidential Security and the U.S. and Japan embassies about the possible danger. Although the existence of a terrorist is confirmed, such speculations are too vague. Well... I think one of the presidential candidates might be the target. What makes you think that? Well... There's no evidence of that. But what I felt when I was tailing Takashi... What are you talking about? Are you saying that we should devise plans based on your hunch? We need to take every possibility into account... It's already confusing enough. Stop talking nonsense! You two, stay out of this mission and be on standby. Hunches of agents are often more accurate than lab analysis. And I'm the one who decides whether to use the two agents or not. Seung-hee Choi, what's the matter with you? The three of you, be on standby for now. Are you really going to just sit here? What an easy way to turn a person into a fool. Where are you going? Can you get me the election campaign schedules of the presidential candidates? What for? Just find it for me. Yes, sir. ELECTION CAMPAIGN SCHEDULES ELECTION CAMPAIGN SCHEDULES CONGRESSMAN MYUNG-HO CHO SUWON STATION SQUARE INCHEON MUNHAK STADIUM CONGRESSMAN MYUNG-HO CHO CHEONGYECHEON PLAZA Sa-woo. Let's go. Myung-ho Cho! - Myung-ho Cho! - Myung-ho Cho! Why are we here? I just wanted to come here. Damn it, you just got reprimanded. Myung-ho Cho is having a speech here. He's the front runner in the presidential election. Where would you be if you were him? - Myung-ho Cho! - Myung-ho Cho! Right there. Same here. Go there. Where? Where you think a sniper would be. What about you? I'll protect the target. Hyun-jun, hold on. This is Sa-woo Jin. I have a favor to ask you. I can't. You were on a mission last time, but not this time. I'll get in serious trouble. I know. Please do it for me. Ma'am... What is it? Don't worry. I'll take responsibility for it. Can you zoom in there? TK1, TK2, code EX. X2Y1 point on the rooftop of Hyoryeong Building. Myung-ho Cho! - Myung-ho Cho! - Myung-ho Cho! MYUNG-HO CHO This is TK2, sniper has been shot dead. HYORYEONG BUILDING They must have a backup plan. TK1, TK2, keep your current positions and prepare for a second attack. Sa-woo! The center window on the top floor of the building across the street! Take a look. Yes, sir. Mr. Black. Yes. You got it. I'm on my way. - Cheers! - Cheers! You did a great job. Thank you. That was a total fluke. We still pulled it off anyway. Does it matter? Hyun-jun Kim, Sa-woo Jin! -Yes, sir -Yes, sir The drinks tonight are on me. Drink until you're dead drunk. Thank you, sir. What are you doing? Mix some drinks. Go sing some songs. Hey, nobody is going home tonight, got it? My love for you is unconditional - I told you. - When you need me - He's a monster. - Please call me -Keep an eye on him, -I'll run to you anytime - or he'll turn into a dreadful monster. - It doesn't matter on a day Or late at night I'll run to you anytime If others call me I might hesitate for a long time But if it's you I'll run to you anytime My love for you is unconditional My love for you is very special Hey, let's go for another round. Don't you like pubs with barmaids? Oh! Let's go home. What are you talking about? We've just begun. Hey, Hyun-jun. Yes? Sa-woo. Yes, ma'am. Do I get on your nerves when I drop honorifics although I'm younger than you? Why don't you two work hard and be my team leader then? You must know that you're very honored to work with me. Gosh, please clean up the trash... Hey, I'll give you two special treatment. From now on, drop honorifics when we're off the work. You won't regret it? Never. Go ahead. Okay. Seung-hee. Yes? This is awkward, but good. Good. Sa-woo, what about you? Well... I think I need more time to... Just do it when you have the chance. Come on. Seung-hee. Yes, Sa-woo? Gosh, I can't... I can't do this. Please count me out. No way. It's good. Great. We're out of drinks. Somebody go and buy some more. Why don't you go? Are you crazy? What? We're sorry. I got you! You were totally fooled, weren't you? I thought you were serious. Gosh, you scared me. You really scared me. I thought you got mad. Don't even start. - Your tuxedo... - Gosh! Did you forget to bring it? BLUE HOUSE THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA Hey, he'll be here soon. Eat later. What is it? Hyun-jun, you can't touch this. What's your name? Hyun-jun Kim. What do you want to be when you grow up? I'll become Superman and protect the Earth. What's the matter? I think I've been here before. When? They are both nuclear physicists who studied at MIT, and they have the core skill that can put our nuclear development into practical use. I don't know. Are you having fun? Mommy! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 