Iris: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Iris 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Iris (2009–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Kim Hyeon-Jun and Jin Sa-Woo, fall for the same woman who has chosen the both of them to be new members of a secret anti-terrorist organization. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This drama is based on fiction and any similarity to real people, places, or events are purely coincidental Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Episode 1 Why do you look so surprised to see me? No one told me you would be coming. Hong Seung Ryong is dead. All the team members are dead. Let's walk. Have you ever heard of the "Pan-European Picnic" by any chance? In 1989, Hungarian communists opened their border to allow thousands of refugees to leave for the West. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 After that, the fall of the Berlin Wall happened, and that's how the Cold War ended. You are being given an  independent assignment. If you succeed with this mission, just as what Hungary did to unify East and West Germany, your success will be instrumental in unifying the North and South Korea. Who is my target? Yoon Sung Chul. Do you mean the Prime Minister of North Korea? Yes. Excuse me. Can you take my picture? Oh, of course. With the building? Once more. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, okay. This one. This way now? Okay. Here you are. Thank you very much. You're welcome. I want a report on the details of perimeter within 2 hours. Tell me about the sharp shooters' positions. We have them in a triangular formation with overlapping points. What about over there? We plan to block off the entire building. Check on any movements by the South Korean Intelligence. Yes, sir. And see if it's possible to block satellite communications between the US and South Korea. I'll get on it. One minute to go. I got it. All positions give a final report. Position ready. Ready here. Position ready. Good to go. Minister! Prime Minister, are you okay? Emergency vehicle! Emergency vehicle! Stop the car. Mission accomplished. They're currently on the hunt for me. I've been shot and in danger of being caught. I request assistance. In my current state, it is impossible for me to make my escape. The only thing I can say to you now is... We cannot send anyone in to help you. Vice Director, there's an important reason for me to live and return home. Please help me. Vice Director. Vice Director. We've located him. Move out. "American Government and Foreign Policy, #108" The truth that everyone believes to be true can turn out to be not the truth after all. That can be especially true with political events. You, the late comer. Yes. Who killed President Kennedy? Wasn't it Booth? John Wilkes Booth assassinated Lincoln. Oh, right, right. Oswald. It's Oswald. You're right. Oswald, within 2 days of being arrested, was killed by Jack Ruby. But regarding Kennedy's death, there are several theories. Does anyone here happen to know about any of these theories? You, there. Some say that the American CIA or the FBI were held responsible. Some talk mentioned about the Russians or the Cubans' involvement. There was also that theory of the US Military Arms Dealer* partnership that did it. {\a6}(*Enterprise of US military and arms dealers that relied on military activities) Which theory do you prescribe to? I lean toward the theory that the Military-Arms Dealers were responsible. Why is that? With President Kennedy about to withdraw the army from Vietnam, I believe the arms dealers probably had good motive to kill him. What do you think? I think that might be the view of cynical people looking at the world through a skewed perspective. As you well know, North Vietnam attacked a US carrier. This resulted in the Tonkin Gulf Resolution that allowed US involvement in the war escalated. But in a 1971 report by the Pentagon, it is said that there was a possibility of the Tonkin Resolution, was only an excuse to enter the war without a formal declaration. In 1963, Kennedy, who was preparing to withdraw the US troops died. In 1964, the Tonkin Gulf Resolution allowed the US to enter the war. And Vice President Johnson, who was in favor of escalating activities in Vietnam became the President. With this scenario presented. If one were still thinking that it's just the delusions of cynical people, perhaps he is either simple minded or just ignorant. Did you want to sit here? In the lecture hall... How was school? I think it's going to be fun. Fun? You? I believe you will be getting a sister-in-law in the near future. Your first day of school and you reeled in a woman already? A woman I'm going to love for the rest of my life. You son of a gun. Let's go! 00:56::23:06 One, two, three, fighting! Let's go! Doesn't he give you the goose bumps? How can he stand in front of the target like that? That's what I'm saying. This really isn't going to be an easy challenge. Forehead, 3 shots. Belt line, 3 shots. Time, 30 seconds. Lights! What! Why isn't he shooting? Okay. It went right in. Alpha wins. Yeah! That can't be possible. Soldier sir, good work. That's too much. That was really difficult. Don't play around during training. Yes, I understand. Crazy bastard. You're still up? Uh huh. Are you studying by any chance? Hey, when the captain said you should go to school, you whined about how you were being punished. So what's with you really studying? Just go to sleep. I'm just looking through the book. What? I said I'm just looking through. What a nutcase. Sleep. Go to sleep. Sleeping is better. Today, our discussion will be on the Gulf War. First, is there anyone who can tell us the significance of the Gulf War? Over there. The Gulf War was from January 16 '1991 to February 28, for 44 days in the Persian Gulf. On August 2 '1990, a coalition was formed to expel Iraq's Hussein from his invasion of Kuwait, a total of 36 nations including the US, England, Germany, France, and South Korea. Very good. It is reported that from this war, the Iraqi army lost 4000 tanks, 2,140 pieces of artillery, 1856 armored cars, and 240 fighter planes. Good job. As for the casualties, 100,000 were killed, 300,000 injured, 150,000 missing, and 60,000 were taken as POW's but for the coalition, the casualties were minimal. To define the meaning of the Gulf War by memorizing the statistics and reciting them... It's either very simple-minded or extremely ignorant, that is my opinion. I believe we need to recognize that the meaning of the war wasn't to hold on the a certain territory. But to fight against those that tried to create chaos in our world. What we should focus on is the effects Gulf War Syndrome and the world's interest in the oil rich region. Excellent! Hey, you there. What? You made me a simple-minded ignorant fool and you ask what? I'll have you know I'm not an ignorant person. I only said what I observed. You're driving me crazy. I don't think you know who I am yet.. So I'll give you the chance to find out. Let's have coffee. It's not my style to sit around drinking coffee and chat. But if you say a drink, then maybe. Then I would say "thank you." You must like to drink. Well, I don't dislike it. Is there a place you frequent? I know a very good place. Let's go there. I'm an expert when it comes to "bombs." The ratio is the key. Here. Give it a try. You'll find it perfect, I'm sure. Wow, you sure can knock it back. How was it? It's was just right, wasn't it? Still lacking something. I'll mix. As you wish. Will you be okay? One shot. Wow. You're a heavy weight in drinking. Wow. Wow. This is your older brother. I can't come home tonight. What? You got that far already? No, to be precise, I'm not going home tonight. You son of a gun... Love this... love forever... and now. How long has it been since you met? You shut your mouth and hang up. What a moron... Do you have a better idea of who I am? Yes. What do you think of me? I mean, I shouldn't say this with my own mouth... But what I said in the lecture hall, that's not something I memorized. If I see something once, it gets recorded in my head. You don't believe me, do you? Wait just a minute. Recording over. Check for yourself. What? Ask me anything about the menu behind me. Why do I have to check that? Because you keep thinking of me as simple-minded ignorant fool. Just ask me anything, for real. Come on, give it a try. Then list the items of the menu. The big menu or the small menu? The one above the small one. The one above the small one... Okay. Pork skin, pork ribs, grilled clams, grilled mackerel, grilled corvina, grilled pollack, chicken gizzards, chicken feet, clam stew, shrimp, eel. Okay, then the 6,000 won items. Pork ribs, grilled mackerel, neck bones, grilled clams. Okay? Number for customer inquiries. 0-89-339-2888. Bar code numbers. 990642100339. As you get to know me better, there'll be more than one or two occasions of amazement. Are you okay? You don't know me well enough yet to know, this won't even faze me. Give it to me. - You're not going to drink it? - I was just about to. One shot. Look here. Look here. I have to close up. Oh my word. This can't go on until the sun comes up. Wake up please. What about her? She paid the bill and left a while ago. Watch out. You're going to fall. You know you lucked out today. I was in a really good condition but went easy. You're the one that lucked out. I wasn't feeling 100% today otherwise, you'd be a goner. So how was it? What? Based on how exhausted you looked today, that chick must have been really something, huh? What? How can you call your sister-in-law that chick... "That chick"?! You no good son of a bitch... ow! During the 1972 Munich Olympics, the Black September organization massacred the Israeli athletes, and Palestine went through an emotionally difficult time. As I said before... Okay, that's the end of today's lecture. - Good job, all of you. - Good job. Professor. That female student... You know... during the Gulf War discussion, the "excellent"... Oh, the "excellent"! I don't think she's been around lately. I don't know anything about her. You don't know the student? She was just auditing the course. The Department asked if it was okay and I allowed her to. I don't even know her name. Why? Is something wrong? No, what could be wrong? Thank you. So what is she about? I know nothing about her. I don't know her name. I don't know where she lives. I feel like I was bewitched. What kind of chick is that? I'm sure she's the type that goes around bewitching guys like you missing a few marbles. Be thankful you came out of it alive. Oh brother... I'm going to meet up with a sunbae* from my hometown. {\a6}(*senior/older person; usually from school/college) Do you want to go with me? Why don't you have a drink and shake it off? I'm fine. Sunbae-nim. How long has it been? I know. Has it been about 3 years? What do you mean 3 years? It was before I entered the Special Forces. So it's been longer than that. Is that right? It's good to see you. Yes, it's good to see you. Here, have a drink. - No, I need to pour for you. - Go ahead and take it first. - Wow, it really has been a long time. - Right, right. - Let's drink up. - Yes. How are things these days? For me, as a soldier, same as always. What about you? I hear the environment is great in the IT industry these days. Me? I can keep myself fed. What are you talking about? From our hometown, there are two people that have really made it. One's Jung Hoon who became a prosecutor and then there's you. When I'm done with my service, I'm thinking of learning about business. Hyung-nim, will you take me in? It's okay with me, anytime you want. - Thank you. - Uh huh. Let me pour you a drink. Oh, over here. Here. Hey, hey, hey, hey. - I'm sorry. - That's okay. Oh, this over here is Han Ji Na. She's a team leader in our Planning Department. As busy as she is, she's still ambitious enough to attend graduate school. What do you think? Quite good looking, isn't he? If it's okay with you, I like to buy another round of drinks. I'm sorry, I need to get in early tonight. Excuse me for one moment. Hyung-nim, one moment. What do you think? Not bad, huh? She's not only "not-bad", I've never seen anyone that gorgeous. Please help me out here. It's all up to you now. In the lecture hall... But if you say a drink, then maybe. Hyun Jun! Hyun Jun. Have you gone mad? Yes, I've gone mad. Did something good happen tonight? Hey, you will have a new sister-in-law. You son of a gun, you. That you got bitten by that she-snake is a bad thing. But your older brother here has a women he loves. So take comfort in that, okay? Who is she? She's an employee at the company of my hometown Sunbae. I can't talk because I'm trembling so much. She's completely my style. She's a killer. Within six months, I'll make her my woman. Within a year, I'll feed you noodles* {\a6}(*traditional way of saying there'll be a wedding celebration) You crazy bastard. I'm not in a very good mood, so why don't you just go to sleep. Man, so you still can't forget that snake? I'll buy you a consolation drink, let's go. If you don't want to then forget it. I thought you said let's go out. This is it. 1st position, 2nd position. Get going, you jerk. Hey, hey wait a second. What now? We're still just grunts here. Aren't you the least bit nervous? I really like that you're so wishy-washy. No, what I mean is if we get caught, we'll get thrown in the brigs. I was about to go to sleep and you're the one that dragged me out. Okay, okay. I keep thinking I dreamt it all. Is that all it takes for you to wilt like that? I don't think I'll ever meet anyone like her again in my life. Really. What's wrong with you? That kind of woman is who this older brother of yours met. For you it's a dream but for me, it's a reality. Okay, okay. Tonight, I'll find a woman that's just right for you. Forget it. Yeah right, forget it. Okay, take your pick. Tonight, I will hook you up with any one of them. This is right up your alley. What a character... Hey, hey, hey, look over there. Next to the post. Wow. Yeah. Not so much. You're just being picky for nothing. She's more than good enough for you. Oh. Hey, you just wait here. What an immature kid. We're drinking over there. Would you like to join us? I'm sorry. Why don't you open your eyes wide? What are you looking at? Think you can do something? You told me to open my eyes wide so I am. Are you playing with me? When an elder says "I'm sorry", what more could a kid have to say? Behave yourself. And if you get a "booking"* use your manners. {\a6}(*hookup at a nightclub) - It's nice to meet you. - Yes. How about a "love shot"? Where are you going? Oh, scoot in. Scoot all the way in. Uh, this is a friend of mine. - And over here is Im Mi Sook. - Hello. She's so tall. I think she's a model. My friend here lived for a long time in the States. So he doesn't speak Korean very well. Are you okay? I'm okay. Okay. Thank you. Uh, then the three of you are here together? You live around here? Sa Woo, run... Oh that bastard, did it again. Please take care of the bill. You bastards! Stop right there! Hurry up. Oh man... Hey, wait up. Get those guys! Has the rat been cornered? Huh? I'm going to wipe the floor with you. Okay, just a minute. - Let me just catch my breath. - He's got a mouth on him... How can he take off like that? Are you out of breath? A guy who's in the special tactical training. Couldn't find anyone to fight with so he fights with young school kids? They weren't young students. They were thugs with athletic builds. And it wasn't really a fight... Because I was just trying to defend myself. Shut up. For 10 days, when you're finished with your duties for the day, do 50 laps around the field every day. Pardon? Jin Sa Woo. Is it hard? You bastard. You cowardly soul you, running away by yourself like that? Come on, get over it. I feel sorry for those guys on the Bravo team that are trusting you to be their leader on missions. Are you really mad? Just go away. Do a good job. Go on. You little.. I can't believe myself... What is it? Jin Sa Woo's incident, that was my fault. Please look the other way just this once. Why is that your fault? Actually, I went out with him last night. So? And the fight is one I started. Have you gone crazy? Why did you have to go and say those stupid things and bring on this torture? How did I know it'll turn out like this? Who the hell are you to yell like you're blameless? You'd better shut your mouth. What? Really! I was trying to get you off when I went to see him, don't you know? If you had kept your mouth shut, we wouldn't be going through this torment. How would I know it was going to turn out this way? Then why did you open your mouth? I said I was trying to get you off. What do you mean get me off? Look what you've gotten me into! Oh man, just pull. You pull. Hurry up and pull. Man, I just can't believe this! Close the door, you bastard. Are you here? Where are we going? Change into these. Sa Woo. That's Jin Sa Woo. No. What is this place? Shut up and follow! What is this place? Who are you? Tell me why you're doing this. Let go. What's that? What are you doing to me...? TTS injected, muscle contractions and hard breathing begun. Why are you...? Jin Sa Woo, from now on, just answer the questions I ask. I can't breathe right now. Tell me the details of the next target and mission. ECG, EMG, EKG, check. {\a6}(*ECG/EKG-Electrocardiography, for activities in the heart; EMG-for evaluating & recording activation signal of muscles) His response to the TTS (Text-to-Speech) is within normal expectations. Tell me the progress. TTS at 0.1. After one hour, inject the Pentothal. Yes, sir. Keep in mind that your real torture has yet to begin. Pentothal. Inject the Pentothal. Pentothal injected. Check the conditions. EKG reading is low. Pupil dilation confirmed. Once the Pentothal takes effect, it'll be difficult for him to even keep his eyes open. Please check the EGG and lie detecting readings. All results are at normal range. His mind has complete control over his emotions. Second injection of Pentothal. Do you think that will be alright? Do it. I'll ask again. What assignment did you receive on this mission? Stop resisting Kim Hyun Jun. The more you resist, the harder it will be. It can push your limits, you can die. Close the room and filter in the nerve gas.. Let him be. Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad Main Translator: songbird Spot Translators: adorabelle, meju, munchinghippo Timer/Editor: knitoe Final QC: ay_link Coordinators: mily2, ay_link This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Welcome to NSS. What is this place? Shall we say it's a place that destroys threats to our nation. Yamamoto Dakashi. He is Japanese and also holds a Syrian citizenship. Kim Hyun Jun and Jin Sa Woo's first assignment. You got it, I'm on my way. Just a moment, how about a shower first? Shall we shower together? He's very capable. Requesting satellite tracking. Plot Dakashi's possible escape routes. Target in sight. Target in sight. Whatever I decide on, I don't let it go until the very end. Jo Myung Ho? He's the strongest candidate. TK1, TK2, code echo. Four story building, across the street. Top of the building. The middle building.. Watch dramas legally @ dramafever.com STOP illegal streaming sites 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 