Iris: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Iris 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Iris (2009–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 After saving the President's life, Kim Hyun Joon, Choi Seung Hee, and Jin Sa Woo are granted a vacation. But Sa Woo is called back to rescue a nuclear specialist from a secret terrorist organization, while Hyun Joon and Seung Hee enjoy their getaway in Japan. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This drama is based on fiction and any similarity to real people, places, or events are purely coincidental Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad Please do NOT hardsub and/or stream this episode using our English subtitles. Hyun Jun and Sa Woo are in the Special Forces, and they are as close as blood brothers. Hyun Jun, on orders from his superiors, attends graduate school where he meets Seung Hee. He falls for her at first sight, but suddenly, Seung Hee disappears without a word, which sends him into depression. A hometown friend introduces Seung Hee to Sa Woo, and he, as well, falls for her at first sight. Then one day, Hyun Jun and Sa Woo, are taken by strange men to a place, where they are put through harsh tests. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 After finishing an intensive training, they become a part of the NSS. On their first day of reporting, they see Seung Hee again... The fact that she intentionally fooled them makes them angry, but they can't shake off their feelings for her. Seung Hee coldly draws the line in their relationship, but Hyun Jun forcefully kisses her. The two of them become close quickly. The first assignment Hyun Jun and Sa Woo received, is to follow a terrorist named Dackasi. During the course of their assignment, they end up saving the life of the front running presidential candidate, Jo Myung Ho. Episode 3 What's wrong? I think I've been here before. When? I don't know. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Stop playing around and sit down. It's time for him to come. The President is on his way in. The President is on his way in. What is your name? Kim Hyun Jun. What do you want to be when you grow up? The person who protects the world, Superman. They are both nuclear scientists from MIT with complete knowledge of nuclear fusion. They need to die. What's wrong? I just remembered. I have been here before. Are you all right? Yes. I think my friend is a little nervous. Try and relax. Ah... welcome. My name is Jin Sa Woo. My name is Kim Hyun Jun. Thanks to the two of you, I can stand here today. We only did our job. I heard you're not of the Secret Service. Then are you a part of the National Guard? Uh... we're actually part of the NSS. NSS? I will explain to you later. What a pigeon heart. Meeting the president had you that nervous? But, hey... it seemed like the President didn't know about the NSS. How is that possible? This is the first I'm hearing of it. I'm sure that's true. I just recently learned of the NSS myself. NSS was first established in 1976. At that time, the central intelligence was in charge of all the top secret affairs. But there were double agents working with both our intelligence and the American CIA. They wired the Blue House for monitoring and had it under surveillance. You are aware that the former President, Park Chung Hee was developing nuclear arms? Yes. Well, the country needed an agency to operate away from the prying eyes of the US government. That is how the NSS came to be established. The development of nuclear arms was under NSS operation. Even after the change in administration, not only did they protect the president, but protected the safety of the nation's secrets. In 1996, it was the NSS that killed Choi Gwon Shik's assassin. In 1997, it was the NSS that tracked down the murderer from North Korea, Lee Young Ahn, followed him to Dandong, China and killed him. I was a Congressman who worked with the National Intelligence for 12 years. So for someone like me to have never heard of such an organization, can that make any sense? The NSS is a secret organization even from domestic intelligence. Outside of it, there aren't many people that are privy to its operations. They are even utilizing the Russian satellites for intelligence gathering. And of course, it goes without saying that neither the US nor Japan knows about its existence. Do you think it is an operation that needs to continue? It will prove itself to be very beneficial to you during your administration. How did it go? Then, does he want it dismantled? No, it doesn't mean that. A person like him will need more time to make his decisions. Should he ask you about it, tell him you see the need for the NSS to continue. My thoughts on that are... I have no need for your thoughts right now. Oh, that's good. Ahjumma, one more bottle here, please. How was the visit to the Blue House? You know... it was just... Sa Woo is going around saying you were so nervous that you couldn't even talk straight. Were you really like that? Umm. Wow, even Kim Hyun Jun freezes in front of the President. What are you doing tomorrow? If you're not doing anything, go with me somewhere. Where? Just to get some fresh air. Where is this place? Where I grew up. You grew up in a cathedral? There, that orphanage. When you were doing the background check on me and Sa Woo, that information would have been in the files. Wasn't it there? No. Your background file only included information from after you enlisted in the Special Forces. I asked for information previous to that but the higher office said I didn't need to know. But I did think it a little strange. I see. I came here when I was 7. I stayed here until Junior High. During High School and College, I rented a room near the school. What about before then? I don't know. I have no memory of it. That's actually what I came here today to find out. Father. Michael! What happened to you? I haven't heard anything from you so I thought you wrote me off. I'm sorry. After being discharged from the army, then I got a job. I didn't have the chance to come visit. Oh, this here is a friend of mine from my work. Hello. My name is Choi Seung Hee. She's pretty. Are you going to marry her? I would like that, but our relationship hasn't reached that point yet. And you like the company you work for? Yes. I came here today because there's something I would like to ask you. How did I end up here? And what were my parents like? If you know anything then... You've never once asked this before. Why are you curious about it now? I'm curious myself as to why I never once thought about it. I wonder if I tried to bury everything in my mind of all that happened to me before I came here. If there was even one memory, I may not be so curious. But it's like I have amnesia, I don't remember anything. And I find it strange that the whole time I was growing up, these thoughts never entered my mind. Why do you think it's like that? Who are my parents? What happened to me? The person that brought you here was a city worker. There was no information about you or your background. But, as if you were traumatized by something, you wouldn't speak a single word. Ah... it was about a year that passed before you began to adjust to the life here. Did you find out? Why? He said there was no information or records. That's strange. The NSS doesn't have any information on you, and if there is nothing here, then maybe you just fell from the sky? Holy Mother, is it okay for me to love someone, who is full of secrets like him? What did she say? She said what difference does the past make? It's me. Hyun Jun was just here. He was curious about his parents, and how he ended up coming here. No. It didn't seem like he knew anything. Yes, I understand. Come in. Did you receive the word? About what? The Blue House is asking to see you. You've been with the NSS since its inception? Yes. In all honesty, I have my doubts on whether we still need an operation like that. What do you think? Do you think we still need it? I don't believe that's a judgment I can make. We only carry out the orders of the President, even if we have to put our lives on the line. We do not make any decisions on political issues. Fine, then. Let me ask you one final question. I heard that during Park Chung Hee's administration, nuclear weapons were being developed. How far did we get with the technology? From what I know, nuclear weapons were developed to completion. Is that true? I understand that to be true. When the new administration came into office, they wanted to win the favor of the US Government, so they voluntarily gave up the development of nuclear weapons. Is that true? I understand that to be true. Where is it? The information to build nuclear arms to completion. The program to develop them may have been abandoned, but the knowledge couldn't have disappeared. That was not my area of responsibility, so I do not know. Think about it some... Sunbae-nim! The Section Chief is looking for you. Why? I'm not sure but you should hurry over there. Did you ask to see us? Yeah. Hey, they told me to give you guys a vacation. You didn't do anything so I don't know why they think you deserve a vacation. We saved the President's life. How is that nothing? That was just pure luck. Honestly, I'm embarrassed to tell anyone about it. Don't you know luck is also skill? Bingo. Don't you think so too? That's right. Why you... Fine, fine. I don't want to look at you anymore. What are you going to do? Me? I don't know yet... What about you, Seung Hee? You have plans? Uh, not really. Ah, we won't have a chance like this again. I wish the three of us could go on a trip somewhere. Yes, Mother! Trip to Japan, OK? No, it's fine. What? I've confirmed it. Yes. I'll begin immediately. Trust us and just try to relax a little. I'll try. Hello? Hello? Mr. Kim Il Joong. We've been exposed. They've found out! What are you saying? They've found out where I am! What? Hello? Shao Wang, answer me. Get the car ready to get out of here. Yes, sir. The front's blocked. We'll have to go through the back. I think it'll be difficult for me. We'll need to put our hopes on Hong Seung Ryong. I have guards on me around the clock, I can't contact the South... Who are you? Give me the IRIS list you have. What are you saying? I have no idea what you're talking about. There's nothing here. Now there's only Hong Seung Ryong left. Hello? Yes. One moment please. Honey. Honey, it's your company. They said it's urgent. It's me. What's the matter? This is Hong Seung Ryong, a member of the 131 Labor Party. As you well know, the nuclear weapons program is, under the jurisdiction of the 131 Labor Party. Hong Seung Ryong is a key person in the party for the nuclear program. What do you mean key person? Please explain in detail. He is the head nuclear scientist in the weapons development. For what reason is he seeking political asylum? This all came about so suddenly that we haven't had the chance to assess that yet. What is the route for the defection and the time? He is currently in Ukraine, but I believe he will soon enter Hungary. Hungary? Why is it so hard today? Run away, run. Go, go, go, go, go. Hey, Hwang Tae Sung! Yes! Call back the agents from vacation immediately. What's going on? It's on Orange Alert. Hurry up and bring them in! Orange?! Wow. Thank you. Thank you very much. Wow. It's really beautiful Hyun Jun, come and look at this. You can see the entire lake. Wow! Hyun Jun! What are you doing? I'm tired. I want to sleep. Then let's wash up first. Why? Together? What are you thinking right now? You're so dirty minded... Get up. {\a6}Although you flow from my own two eyes {\a6}you cannot see me. {\a6}Although my lips call you calmly, Hi. We heard there was a famous hot spring around here. Can you tell us how to get there? {\a6}you cannot hear me. {\a6}If we had met and loved When you get to the village over there, it's the house at the end. Thank you. {\a6}during different times, a different place {\a6}would we be happy right now? {\a6}For the rest of my life, {\a6}it should have been you, He's so handsome. {\a6}but now it will only be Let's go. {\a6}my staggering figure... {\a6}Since I can't hate you {\a6}or forget you, {\a6}I guess there's nothing left Look at this snow. This is exactly as I'd imagine it. {\a6}for me to do Well, good. I'm exhausted and I'm just going to sit and soak to my heart's content. {\a6}other than to love you. Welcome. Please come inside. What's going on? You need to leave for Hungary immediately. By myself? Hyun Jun and Seung Hee should go with you, but we can't get in touch with them. Neither of them? As soon as we get a hold of them, I?ll send them right behind you. You go ahead and leave right now. You will receive your assignment once you get there. Okay. Let's meet right there when we're done. See you in a bit. Sorry. I didn't see anything. What is this? But I went out the correct door. Me, too. Maybe you were mistaken? No, this door is the right exit. Aren't you going to go in? I'm going to. You? I thought you said you were going to soak to your heart's content. You said you were really tired. Oh, didn't I tell you? Instead of soaking the body, soaking the feet is much better. Oh brother... how can a man be that shy? What, me...? I'll go in first. Oh? It's that school girl. Thank you for waiting. What is your name? It's Yuki. Thank you. Thank you, Yuki. Enjoy yourselves. Sake? That would be great. Hwang Tae Sung! What happened with Kim Hyun Jun and Choi Seung Hee? We're still trying to get in contact. How much longer will you just call? Send someone and bring them in right away! Yes, sir. Wow, this is truly Snowland. It's like we're in one of Kawabata Yasunari's novels. Whenever I see snow, it makes me grit my teeth. When I think of the times, we had to walk on snowy roads during training in the Special Forces. Ugh... awful. You sure know how to break the mood. You're dead. There's something I'm curious about. What is it? Why did you kiss me so suddenly that day? Was it a challenge or was it love? I think... it wasn't just a kiss, but it was because, from those beautiful lips of yours, crude words were pouring out. I just wanted to shut it for a bit. Then... I will have to say lots of crude things from now on. Stop! I'm Jin Sa Woo from South Korea. Let's go. Here. Oh yeah, there was something I needed to get. Wait here for just a minute. Hyun Jun and Seung Hee, to remember just us two on a trip. How childish. I really like childish things. What? Why? What? Stop beating around the bush and just give it to me. Didn't you buy that for me? This? What's there to be so shy about between us? You didn't bring any underclothes either? These are men's, will they be okay for you? If you want to wear them, go ahead. Did you by any chance.... expect candy for White Day?* {\a6}(*Korean Valentine's Day) Oh my god, you're driving me crazy. Is this funny to you? Why are you being so childish, like a kid? Did I or did I not say I like childish things? Really? Are you playing with me? So you're empty handed? Aigoo, are you satisfied now? I'll sleep on this side. It's uncomfortable over there. Will you give me my pillow? Why did you look at me? Here. Lift your head for a sec. Why are you laughing? What? Why are you laughing? because I miss your laughter that I hear whenever the cold wind brushes the tips of my fingers. Your two eyes that reflected my face, because I'm lonely, I cry and cry again. The words I couldn't say, as my lips were frozen I'm hungry. I was famished. That looks yummy. You do things like that? I'm really thoughtful like that. You've really changed. Be quiet. Is this the first time you've seen a pretty girl? Just eat your food. This is the first time I've seen your face turn red. Although you flow from my own two eyes, you cannot see me. Although my lips call you calmly, you cannot hear me... If we had met and loved during different times, a different place, would we be happy right now? for the rest of my life, it should have been you, but now... it will only be my staggering figure. Since I can't hate you or forget you, I guess there's nothing left for me to do, other than to love you. Team Leader! Hurry in to the conference room. Yes. They've just arrived. Yes. I understand. What happened to you? Even if you're on vacation, isn't it basic procedure to leave the emergency line open? I apologize. How much have you heard? I haven't yet... These are tickets to Hungary. Leave right away. Hong Seung Ryong. He heads the nuclear research in North Korea. He is requesting political asylum. Where is he right now? He's in Hungary, under protection of one of our agents. For someone like that to suddenly seek political asylum, shouldn't we be suspicious of his true intent? Additionally, granting the asylum is a very touchy issue during these sensitive times. We need to be especially careful, so that it'll not cause misunderstanding with the North or worse, war. I would like to hear your opinions. We've put agents to try and find out his true intent. I believe you should wait to hear the results before you make your decision. Answer honestly to the questions I ask. If you don't, you will die. Where did you go for vacation? Japan. Akita. Was there someone who went with you? You want to die? Seung Hee. Was it nice? It was amazing. You bastard... There's already someone that you've avowed your love for the rest of your life. The one you met in graduate school a while back. That was Seung Hee. You're the first person I told about this, so you have to keep the secret. I'll keep my mouth shut, but do you think a relationship with your superior will be easy? So that's why I was thinking... When this assignment is over, I want to have her stop working. Get married? Sa Woo! Leave the two of us alone. You've made a difficult decision. But we'll need to assess your true intentions, for requesting political asylum. Even if I ask questions that you find difficult, please understand. You attended the nation's top junior and high school. Then you graduated from Kim Il Sung University, having majored in Physics. And you received your Doctorate from Germany's LMU. You were academically quite elite. The watch you're wearing, is it about 20 years old? You don't welcome change and faithfully resist external influence. You're the type to stay true to your organization. I'm sure your belief and trust in your party must have been great. As great as your involvement in the 131 Labor Party. I know you've been waiting a long time for her, so she's that much more precious to you. I'm sure you know well what will happen to the two of them, because of your decision. Oh, yes. I got it. The assessment results are back. It must not be an easy decision for them to make. But then, the political impact will be great. What do you think? Do you think I will be able to go with you? I apologize. That's not something we can decide. Which way do you think he will go? Don't you think he will reject the request? Political issues are never that simple. Vice Director. The President is asking to speak with you. I'm going to permit the asylum The political fallout might be great. I know. But I want to meet Hong Seung Ryong. I have a great interest in nuclear arms. And if at all possible, I would like to retrieve, the previous nuclear research knowledge. No word yet? No. Oh, it's so awkward in there. Why haven't they given us any word yet? I heard you went to Japan for vacation? Hyun Jun told you? Uh huh. How can an agent talk so easily. Hyun Jun says he wants to get married. How can we get married right now? That Kim Hyun Jun's overreacting is really something. So... if not now, then at some point, do you want to get married? Doing the work we do, it's hard to make plans for the future, but when the time's right, I want to. I know Hyun Jun from the top of his head to the tips of his toes. That guy is full of flaws. Think carefully before you decide. I know. But you know, I'm an expert when it comes to flaws. Do you have a religion? No, I don't. I see. I do. I believed in my God when I left the North, but the agent from the South does not, what an irony that is. There is a saying... Live as if there is a God. If there is a God, then you will gain eternity. If there is no God, then you will lose nothing. Take this. You have nothing to lose. They've made their decision. We will escort you. What's that? Why here of all places? It's so in the open. Hungary is Europe's belly button. If you fly out of this belly button, you can go anywhere. Switzerland, Paris, Frankfurt. Welcome. Be careful on your journey. Who... who are you? What is it? You know what. Hand it over. Why are you doing this? What do you want from me? There is a saying, "Live as if there is a God" "If there is a God, then you will gain eternity." "If there is no God, then you will lose nothing." What is that? It's nothing. Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad {\a6}Please do NOT hardsub and/or stream this episode using our English subtitles. Main Translator: songbird Lyrics Translator: munchinghippo Timer: xCHELLy Editor/QC: la_tofu Final QC: ay_link Coordinators: mily2, ay_link Watch dramas legally @ dramafever.com STOP illegal streaming sites Hey Mr. Black, Dr. Hong has been terminated. You cannot avoid destiny. You have an independent assignment. From this moment on, it is now upgraded to level 1. K1 was hurt during his mission. Please tell me. We capture him to kill. On heightened guard... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 