Iris: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Iris 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Iris (2009–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 Hyun Joon is given a solo assignment to assassinate the North Korean Prime Minister. But his actions could have him become the hunted. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This drama is based on fiction and any similarity to real people, places, or events are purely coincidental Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing {\a6}This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Agent Hyun Joon, who is the best in the Special Forces team, falls in love at first sight with Seung Hee... And Sa Woo, who was introduced to Seung Hee by his hometown friend Sang Hyun, also falls in love with Seung Hee at first sight. One day, Hyun Joon and Sa Woo are captured by suspicious men, and go through rigorous tests and special training to then join the NSS. Not knowing that they had fallen in love with the same woman, the two meet Seung Hee again on their first day at work. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Although Hyun Joon and Sa Woo find out that their meeting with Seung Hee was set up and feel uncomfortable, they fail to put aside their romantic feelings. Hyun Joon kisses Seung Hee unexpectedly, and their secret relationship within the NSS starts. Hyun Joon and Sa Woo safely finish their first mission. Also, after they are given a break from work, Hyun Joon and Seung Hee leave for Akita on a trip for just the two of them. Sa Woo is sent on a mission by himself to assist the North Korean nuclear physicist, Hong Seung Ryong, to defect... Episode 4 Wh-who are you? Wh-what? You know what it is. Give it to me. Why are you doing this? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What is this thing that you're telling me to give? Hey, Mr. Black. Dr. Hong has been terminated. He didn't have it either. I think they took it. Keep me in the loop. What is that? Uh. It's nothing. What do you mean it failed? Hong Seung Ryong and our three agents... Who were supposed to bring him back are dead. Is it a move by the North? We're analyzing it right now. What is the possibility that they knew, about the fact we would allow Hong Seung Ryong into our country after he defects? As of right now, we haven't observed any action taken by the North. I feel regretful letting this chance to acquire knowledge regarding the North's nuclear weapon development pass by. Deal with it quickly, so that the situation doesn't get magnified. Yes. Where is Choi Seung Hee? She's with Kim Hyun Joon and Jin Sa Woo in Balaton, waiting for orders to fly back. Should I contact her? Leave it. What's it called again? Goulash. - Is it good? - Yeah. You want to try some? How unsophisticated. Hey, you. Shouldn't you get used to eating things like that? If she protests about my eating habits, then I might as well give up on her. Excuse me. One more goulash please. - You can't eat it, right? - It's yours. No, no, no. She was just kidding. No. Yes? Yes. All right, sir. What was that call? Said there's a mission. What mission? I don't know. They just sent me the meeting location. Why do you look so surprised to see me? No one told me you would be coming. Hong Seung Ryong is dead. All the team members are dead. From what we can gather right now, we predict that it was a retaliation from the North. Let's walk. Have you ever heard of the "Pan-European Picnic" by any chance? In 1989, Hungarian communists opened their border to allow thousands of refugees to leave for the West. After that, the fall of the Berlin Wall happened, and that's how the Cold War ended. You are being given an independent assignment. Just how this place, Hungary, had played a major role in unifying Germany, the success of this missing will have a major impact, on the unification of the Korean Peninsula. Can I... ask you something? Sure. What is it? When did you get so close with Hyun Joon? I didn't even notice at all. I just... think I had a thing for him from the start. It wasn't until the day we went to Vice Director's house for dinner, after Hyun Joon had joined that we got really close. That day... It's because that day we had our first kiss. What kind of a mission is it? It's a solitary mission. What about us? They said to just to enjoy your vacation. I don't have much time left to be together with Seung Hee. Aren't you busy? I got it, man. What kind of a mission is it where you have to be alone? It's nothing much. Isn't this pretty? That one's also pretty. This? This one's very unique. How did they make it? Let's go. Hello. - Hi. - Please pick a card. - Tarot Card. - No, thank you. Hey, try it! No. I don't want to. If it comes out with bad things then we just feel bad. Then we just won't believe in it. I'll try it. - Pick one more card. - One more. Pick one more card. The wheel of fate is in perfect position. You cannot avoid destiny. She says our encounter was one of fate. No, that's okay. I already heard what I wanted to hear. No, no, no. That's okay. I already heard what I wanted to hear. Two forints. Thank you. Let's go Thank you. Bye. It wasn't until the day we went to Vice Director's house for dinner after Hyun Joon had joined that we got really close. That day... It's because that day we had our first kiss. Is your work early in the morning? Why? Do you know? You were nervous all day today. What are you talking about? Me being nervous? Don't worry. I'll come back soon. Come back safely. All right. Good night. Hyun Joon! Didn't you sleep? Yeah. You're awake already? Yeah... What kind of a mission is it? EX. {\a6}(*EX: a mission to assassinate an important figure) And the target? The Vice Director is here in Hungary. Go ask him if you're curious. Hey, Sa Woo. Yeah. - If somehow things go wrong... - Don't talk bullshit. Why are you nervous all of a sudden today? Man, I'm hearing that phrase a lot today. What are you talking about? Me, nervous? Make me some coffee. I wanna take a shower. Sure. Who is the target of the assassination? Yoon Sung Chul. Do you mean the party leader of the Supreme People's Assembly in North Korea? Yeah. I'm not sure if I can ask something like this, but... What's the reason? ICBM* {\a6}(*ICBM: Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles) To this day, the North has been painstakingly developing technologies related to missile launchers. Now they are just an inch away from finishing a missile, that is capable of attacking the United States directly. That last inch is a nuclear warhead. For that reason, Yoon Sung Chul is here in Hungary, to have a secret meeting with the former Soviets. We can't... just watch North Korea, become a country with a nuclear capability. Can we? Right now, the total number of security agents here in Budapest, including me, is twenty. The NBH* and the police are cooperating with us, {\a6}(*Nemzetbiztons?gi Hivatal; National Security Office, Hungary; since 1989) and we're planning on having 15 of Il Chong Gook's body guards accompany him on the plane. Starting this second, I'm raising the security level to rank 1. What is the reason, sir? There was an intelligence report of a planned assassination attempt. Excuse me. Please take a picture of me. - Oh! Of course - With the building. - Okay. - Once more please. With this building? Oh, okay. Here you are. - Thank you very much. - You're welcome. What is there for us to do right now? We should... meet the Vice Director first. The Vice Director is here? Yeah. I only heard it from Hyun Joon. Then Hyun Joon's solitary mission is something he received directly from the Vice Director? Yeah. Give me a report on the surrounding area of the square every two hours. Yes. What about the snipers' positions? We've acquired positions where two triangulation points overlap. What about over there? We're planning to close off the building itself. What about the employees' admission passes and ID? I checked them, sir. I also checked the people who came here during the last 30 days. The movement of South Korea's intelligence agency is also something to check for. And of course, check to see if it's possible to disrupt disrupt the U.S./South Korea communications via satellite. Yes, sir. Place a sniper here, as well. Yes, sir. Yes? Even official Hungarian agents were sent in and the security has gotten tighter. The North's agents are already in position, too. I see. I will contact you again. Is there something wrong, sir? It's nothing. What is TK1's mission? Do we have to provide assistance? Vice Director. Just wait a little while. Think of this as a vacation and relax. Yes. There is no change in plan. Finish it. I understand, sir. Maybe something's gone wrong? This is the second day we're on standby without even knowing what the mission is. Isn't there anything you know about Hyun Joon? - Don't worry. He'll do well. - Hello. Did you get a new boyfriend? No. Bye. Wait, wait... The second card left out. The most fatal tower. Perfect position. Something scary is coming. What is she saying? It's nothing. What can I bring for you? Espresso, please. Thank you. - And a... glass of water, please. - Okay. Why don't you eat something? I'm all right, sir. Have you heard of something called "khleb"? It's a black bread that the Russians eat. When I was studying abroad in Russia at the age of 22, I used to live off that tasteless, hard bread for a month every so often. During Moscow's winter nights that was cold enough to freeze your stomach, I spent my days shivering in a room without any heating, because at the time, I had thought that the reunification of the North and South was right in front of us. I persevered, relying on that fact, but... All right. Situation report. Standing by. Standing by. Standing by. Standing by. One minute to go. Final report. Standing by. Standing by. Standing by. On standby. P5, report again. On standby. All agents maintain current positions and keep a close eye on P5. He is getting out of the car now. Enemy agent! Cover the minister! Enemy agent! Minister! Minister! Sir, are you all right? Ambulance! Ambulance! Ambulance! It's the emergency staircase on the north side. Find the exit! Yes, sir. Get him! Yeah. Continue the pursuit. He's over there. Stop the car! Block all the subway stations within a 3 km range. He's an Asian in his 30's. Request an immediate search from the police. You! What are you doing? There's this guy bleeding... Which one? Where? Mission accomplished. They're currently on the hunt for me. I've been shot and in danger of being caught. I request assistance. What are you talking about right now? Don't you know that if we send in more agents, at this point in time we're in danger of exposing our identity? I do know, but... In my current state, it is impossible for me to make my escape. The only thing I can say to you now is... We cannot send anyone in to help you. Vice Director, there's an important reason for me to live and return home. Please help me. Vice Director. Vice Director. Were you looking for me, sir? TK1 has sustained an injury during his mission. It'll be bad if he's caught. I think he's somewhere in this building. They say this statue has a sad story. A very beautiful woman named Tachiko used to live here, but she drank from a mystical spring and fell under a spell and she became the dragon that protects this Lake Tazawako. And Tarou also became a dragon that protects the Lake Towada way over there. The two of them who were separated like that, meet here in this lake, when winter comes to share their love. They say it's because of their unchanging love for one another, that this lake never freezes over. So what you're saying is that, these two people just wanted to love one another, but they've turned into monsters in different places. Monsters? That's right. Monsters. That makes it even sadder. What? The work we do. Because if we keep going like this, it feels like you and I also will become monsters. Should we just give up? Now we can't do that even if we wanted to. Would you like a drink? Where are TK1 and TK2 right now? Please tell me. Vice Director! Fly back to Korea on the first flight available tomorrow. It's an order. Yes? Yes. Call them up immediately. (Classified information) How credible is this text? This report was a special report sent to the Hungarian news agency based on witness testimonies, so we have determined this is true. I somewhat understand that Yoon Sung Chul's assassination was a military action carried out by the North to change its political structure. However, how does this outrageous statement about the intervention in this unrelated matter make any sense? Then...wait. Does that mean the assassination was ordered from our side? That means... it's associated with the conservative party from our side, that wants to maintain the level of tension between the North and South. Since this information is something that came from a credible source, we're checking every channel on the news to confirm this information. Where is Vice Director Baek San? Right now he's in Hungary. Shouldn't we find out about the truth of the situation, to come up with an appropriate response? Before the press releases its reports on assumptions, we have to comprehend the nature of this situation completely. Yes. Im Il Yong and Ahn Jae Bum. - They're in Ukraine, right? - Yes. Tell them to go to Budapest and work with their police to determine the military's actions. Yes, sir. I got it. Yang Mi Jung. What are you doing right now? I'm requesting assistance acquiring information from the U.S. and Japan's intelligence agencies. Gather information on all the blogs and internet forums run by Hungarians in Budapest, and all the other unofficial information going around. Yes, sir. I got it. Is his location confirmed? Room 204 was rented out three days ago, it has an unidentified tenant. What about the other rooms? That's the only person on the second floor. Were the orders given out? Yes. There are no problems there. Move. What? Things are bad. Let's talk later and get out of here first quickly. If we go to the private airspace we dropped off Hong Seung Ryong, we should be able to escape. Hey, Sa Woo. I'm sorry. It's an order. Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad {\a6}This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Main Translator: munchinghippo Timer: Victory Editor/QC: greenwing Final QC: ay_link Coordinators: mily2, ay_link Watch dramas legally @ dramafever.com STOP illegal streaming sites It's an order. If I don't get him, then you chase him down until the end. What is the reason? Where is Kim Hyun Joon's desk? What are you doing? He's under suspicion of being a spy. If you're with me, then both you and Sa Woo will be in danger. I can't leave you like this. Seung Hee. Hyun Joon is dead! This is a fact that everyone in the world knows about! You're the only one who doesn't know that! Watch dramas legally @ dramafever.com STOP illegal streaming sites 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 