Iris: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Iris 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Iris (2009–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 Seung-Hee believes that Seon-Hwa knows Hyun-Jun's whereabouts and follows her back to Japan. Meanwhile, Hyun-Jun is being hunted by Japan's National Intelligence Office. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This drama is based on fiction and any similarity to real people, places, and events are purely coincidental {\a6}This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad Right in front Hyun Jun's eyes, the car Seung Hee was in explodes. He attempts to escape in a light plane, but his plane is taken down by Sa Woo's bullets. After his life is saved by people keeping themselves anonymous... Hyun Jun heads to Japan. Seung Hee, on leave from NSS, obsesses over finding Hyun Jun alive. Then, Hyun Jun is taken by the Japanese Intelligence Office to be interrogated. Episode 7 What are you looking for? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Are you planning a war? What you're asking for is not possible. Once you get me what I want, I will provide you twice as much. This is the financial report for our foreign activities. But there is one strange item in there. Our B2 office in Japan withdrew a large amount from the emergency fund. Do you know about it by any chance? How much is it? 200 million yen. I have an agent working with the bank where the withdrawal was made, to try and find out more details. Don't move! Her internal bleeding is very serious. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Vasopressin 2CC's. Injecting 2cc of Vasopressin. What's happening? Shall we start then? Who are you? Tell me! What are you up to? We received an anonymous tip that he was trying to obtain various weapons, so we brought him in. How much he was trying to obtain was serious, but the type of weapons is more serious. We believe he's either a terrorist or an assassin. What is your identity? Why did you come to Japan? Tell us! Tell us what you're doing here! That's enough. Yes, Ma'am. That's enough. I don't believe we'll get him to make a confession. He tried to escape three times, and each time many of our guards were seriously hurt. He's a person who has received special training, without a doubt. Everyone leave. That'll be too dangerous. Just leave. My name is Sato Erica from the National Intelligence Office. Can you understand what I'm saying? We researched your background... but we weren't able to find out a single thing. It's just as if you don't exist in this world. Why is it? Why do you keep trying to escape when you know it's impossible? I'm not here to interrogate you. I came to set you free. If you take my offer, you can be a free man. Where is Seung Hee? I don't know. I can't get a hold of her myself. Did you know that Kim Seon Hwa escaped? What did I tell you? Didn't I tell you that your actions could put Seung Hee in danger? If anything should happen to Seung Hee, I will hold you fully responsible. Can you tell me where Seung Hee is? She hasn't been home for two days. Did something happen to her? No, nothing happened. Please don't worry. It's Kim Seon Hwa. It's me. Where are you? My mother... and my siblings... is it true that they're all dead? Didn't you promise me.... that you'd protect them? Seon Hwa, listen to me carefully. Kim Seon Hwa. Send a man to Japan immediately and find Kim Seon Hwa. In her current state, we don't know what she'll do. I understand. How is the status of locating Kim Seon Hwa? We haven't been able to confirm yet. She may already have left the country. Have you been able to find Team Leader, Choi Seung Hee? Yes. Where is she? She's in Japan. The pill that Kim Seon Hwa took to escape was R-Phen. R-Phen? That's only used by NSS special agents. How could Kim Seon Hwa...? I believe Team Leader Choi Seung Hee gave it to her during the interview. She knew Kim Seon Hwa would make her escape and she planned to trail her once she did. Why would Seung Hee do something like that? Where is she now? We've learned that she's in Japan. Keep this to yourself for now. All right? And, go and bring her back. We have to find her before it becomes a bigger problem. Understand? Seung Hee helped Kim Seon Hwa to escape, and now she's following her. Do you know why she would do that? It's because of TK1. Kim Hyun Jun? Seung Hee still doesn't believe that TK1 is dead. Kim Seon Hwa was in charge of protecting the assassinated Yoon Sung Chul and for some reason, Seung Hee believes that Kim Seon Hwa knows TK1's whereabouts. What you just told me... are there any others that know? No. Keep it a secret. Where is he? Where is he? Tell me. Where is he? He's being held by the National Intelligence Office, in their high security module in Akita. Ito Masayuki, the Chief Secretary of the Social Reform party. On the surface, he is a politician who has gained the confidence and favor of the nation, but in reality, he has close ties to the 10 Japanese Mafia groups. His reputation with the citizens creates a dilemma and binds our hands to take action against him. If you will take care of him in our stead, you will be granted your freedom. It's okay. Your forehead is blessed. Master, now you will for certain enjoy a very long life. Great! Wonderful, wonderful! Master, wasn't that a great show? Master! He's been assassinated! Master! We still have not seen him. As soon as he makes his exit, get him. What do you mean by "get him"? It's too dangerous to keep him alive. But nothing was said about that before! He's not someone we'll need after this. We lost him. We still have not seen him. Only the security personnel are left. Take care of it now! And avoid being seen by the security. Yes, sir. Let's go. Yuki. Ahjussi! Where did you go? How could you go without saying anything? When did you come back? I wore this everyday. And I thought about you. Ahjussi. Ahjussi. Ahjussi. Ahjussi. Kakunodate City Hospital (Japan) I confirmed. Did Seon Hwa do it? I'm now putting you in charge. First, find Seon Hwa. Yes, sir. For the debt owed for what you did in Korea, I'll let it go just this once. Stop following me. Are you looking for Hyun Jun? Where is he? Go back to Korea. Hyun Jun... is still alive, isn't he? - What are you doing? - If she dies, we can't find Hyun Jun! Hyun Jun is dead. It's a fact everyone in the world knows! You're the only one who doesn't know it. He's alive. He is alive without a doubt. First Officer! I have something to report. What is it? This is a satellite image taken four minutes ago of the Korean peninsula. Three vehicles from North Korea just crossed the military border into South Korea. Over 200 cars cross the military border everyday. Did you think that was necessary to report? This is different. The vehicles were not stopped for inspection. What are you saying? They were allowed to pass through the inspection points without stopping. You're saying South Korea just let vehicles through from the North without stopping them for inspection? Yes, that is correct. That's something that is not possible without authority from a high office. See if it's possible to pick up anything from the communication devices in the cars, and see is there's anything you can find out. Yes, sir. Corporal! Give me the latest intel on movements, for everything that moved in the last 24 hours. Yes, sir. I will get it to you right away. Sergeant! Yes, sir. Is there any new movement? No, sir. Are there any signals from any communication systems? No, sir. Roger. Sir, Major McClain from USS Capricorn. The South Korean government seems to be undergoing a secret movement with the North Koreans. No, sir. None of the allies or the surrounding countries, including the US, have been informed. Yes, sir. Roger that, sir. Prepare the Predators immediately. Yes, sir. Thank you for coming. They passed through safely without incident and are now on the way to the next location. Do you think this will be all right? Shouldn't we let our citizens... or at least the US know? We could create unnecessary misunderstanding. The North Korea is a nation on the verge of starving to death. Their nuclear development program was hindered by the incident in Hungary. And to make matters worse, they are starting to question the state of affairs. If we don't do anything, this flame can turn into a major fire. I believe it's time for our two nations to meet face to face and find a solution. I believe South Korea needs to take the lead in finding the answers for changes in North Korea. Did you ask to see me? What you're investigating right now, put a stop to it immediately. Are you ordering that, even knowing what we're investigating? There are cars that crossed our military inspection points without stopping, and they're in Seoul at this moment. The Blue House did it. NSS being kept out of the loop, is it because of the Hungary incident? Do you think I'm happy about this? Do as you are ordered. The vehicles have been escorted into Seoul. To which agency do the escort vehicles belong? They're government plates issued to the Blue House security. Then we'll need to verify the current location of our President and his aides. Check all email, fax, and other communications to determine their current schedule. Stop activities on the current investigation, and destroy every bit of the material you've gathered thus far. Didn't you hear me? We're halting the investigation. Unidentified vehicles from North Korea are in South Korea right now. How can you tell us to stop the investigation? These are special orders from the Director. Cease immediately. That crazy man is here! Where's the gun? They're all in the safe in the basement! Stop him. Stop him! Yes, sir! It's been a long time. I came to get my merchandise. Merchandise? Oh, that... I have it all of course. In fact, you never came back and I was really worried about you. There must have been some misunderstanding. Shut up. Where is it? My stuff. What about the ID's? You won't be able to get on a plane with those anyway. Same for the ship. But there is a way for you to get to Korea. I'm telling the truth. I'm not trying to trick you so just give me one week. It's the truth. Please believe me. They say this statue has a sad story. A beautiful woman named Tachiko used to live here. She was in love with a man named Tarou. But Tachiko wanted to become a more youthful, beautiful woman, so she drank from a mystical spring and fell under a spell and became a dragon that protects this Lake Tazawako. And Tarou also became a dragon that protects Lake Towada way over there. The two of them, who were separated like that, meet here in this lake when winter comes, to share their love. They say it's because of their unchanging love for one another, that this lake never freezes. Why are you laughing? It's not sad but scary. Why? So what you're saying is that because those two people just wanted to love each other, they turned into monsters in different places. "Monsters"? You're right, monsters. That makes it even sadder. What? The work we do. Because if we keep going like this, you and I may also become monsters. Should we just give up? We couldn't do that now even if we wanted to. {\a6}Even though we loved each other, {\a6}but now we have to part. {\a6}Even though we're under the same sky, in different places, {\a6}please don't forget me. {\a6}Because I miss your laughter that I hear whenever the cold wind brushes the tips of my fingers. {\a6}Your two eyes that reflected my face, {\a6}I miss them, I'm lonely, I cry and cry again. {\a6}The words I couldn't say... Welcome. Welcome. Please sit over here. Welcome. What would you like to have? I'll take some Sake. All right. [Hyun Jun and Seung Hee -- To remember just us two on a trip] Should we have our picture taken too? Did you forget who you are? How can we put up a picture of us here? Who would know us here? Let's do it. Excuse me. Are you really... Yes. Would you take our picture? Yes. Look this way. Smile. One - Two - Three! How childish. I really like childish things. {\a6}Even though we're under the same sky, in different places, {\a6}please don't forget me. {\a6}By any chance, do you know this? {\a6}That person who let you go while she clutched at her heart, {\a6}that person is me. {\a6}Please love her. {\a6}Even though we're under the same sky, in different places, {\a6}please come back to me some day. {\a6}Even though we loved each other, {\a6}now we have to part. {\a6}Even though we're under the same sky, in different places, {\a6}please don't forget me. {\a6}Please don't forget me. Welcome. I think that woman was here earlier. Wasn't it her..? {\a6}Although you flow from my own two eyes, {\a6}you cannot see me. {\a6}Although my lips call you calmly, {\a6}you cannot hear me. {\a6}If we had met and loved during different times, {\a6}in a different place, {\a6}would we be happy right now? {\a6}For the rest of my life, {\a6}it should have been you, {\a6}but now, it will only be my lonely staggering figure... It's been a long day because of the watchful eyes of many concerned with the Korean peninsula. {\a6}(*Joseon = historical name for Korea) Shouldn't Joseon* people make the decisions on the Joseon peninsula? Others are, after all, only third parties and will act for their own benefit. Of course. You are right. I would now like to hear what you have to say. History shows us that reunification of divided nations... did not happen as a result of planning for it, but occurred as a single dramatic event. I believe that was because planning for a reunification was not something that was possible. I'm sure that during the planning period, there would have been too much protest, both domestic and international. I believe that to be the case once again. The US, China, Russia, and Japan cannot want to see our two countries become united. They cannot welcome the changes in the nuclear program that are sure to follow, especially when there are missiles currently aimed in the direction of the Pacific Ocean. I would like to meet with your Leader Kim and discuss the matter of reunification. Will that be possible? Do you know the level of nuclear development in South Korea? Didn't South Joseon abandon all nuclear research and development in 1979? That's right. But once a skill has been developed, it does not vanish. Whenever there is a need, we do have the ability to build nuclear weapons. In our country, we have 16 light water reactors, and four heavy water reactors, along with eight tons of nuclear material in storage. We can produce... 5,500 warheads. That sounds to me like you're saying that your skills and knowledge are more advanced than ours, so you want us to abandon our program. No. How can I do that? What I'm saying is that if you do abandon your nuclear program, we will take progressive actions to help with your domestic and international issues. Please tell Leader Kim of my wishes. Come in. You asked for me? It seems our Leader may accept the South Korean President's offer. What are your thoughts on it? If that is our Leader's wishes, we shall move forward with our weapons development with South Korea. What I'm asking you is your own personal thoughts. If we join the South, I believe we will end up following the South Korean will. And if that were to happen, our Leader's authority will be diminished. I believe you need to stop it from happening. How? By what methods? Is the international help you've been nurturing available? Yes. Leave it to me. Follow me. We'll be leaving shortly. Ahjussi. Yuki. I'm... so scared. Where are you. Where? I'm hiding in the closet. Yuki. Listen to me carefully. I'm coming. I'll be right there, so don't move from that spot until I get there. Keep hiding in there. Yuki. Yuki. Yuki! What happened? Who are you? If you bring it, Yuki will be safe. In one hour, meet me on the Amaga Bridge. What do you want? What is it that you want me to bring? What you received from Hong Seung Ryong... the USB drive. You have one hour. Stop. Ahjussi. Yuki, are you all right? Don't be afraid. Everything's going to be okay. Throw down your gun. USB. Let the girl go first. Password. SH0615. Put your head down! Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Main Translator: songbird Timer: julier Editor/QC: songbill Coordinators: mily2, ay_link I would like to meet with your Leader Kim and discuss the matter of reunification. She doesn't believe Hyun Jun is dead. If she can't, then make her believe it. Hurry up and call an ambulance! We need to keep a watch. We got through. We found it. What is IRIS? We received a call from Kim Seon Hwa. Where is she? She's in Shanghai, China. There's some place you need to go with me. Vice Director, there's an important reason for me to live and return home. Watch dramas legally @ dramafever.com STOP illegal streaming sites! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 