Iris: Season 1, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Iris 
 s1e14 - Episode #1.14 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Iris (2009–…): Season 1, Episode 14 - Episode #1.14 - full transcript 
 Park Sang-Hyeon and Seung-Hee are beginning to suspect Sa-Woo and Baek San of being traitors. Park Cheol-Yeong is starting to have second thoughts about the nuclear attack. Meanwhile, Hyun-Jun informs the South Korean President about IRIS. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This drama is based on fiction and any similarities to real people, places, or events are purely coincidental {\a6}This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad The Voice, upon meeting Hyun Jun, tells Hyun Jun about his parents and convinces him to stop the nuclear terrorist attack in Seoul. To stop the nuclear terrorism and find out the basis for everything, this is  what you and I have to do. Sa Woo secretly interferes the NSS's search to find the terrorists. However, Seung Hee, who, alone,  finds out about the terrorist hideout, enters, and is kidnapped by the terrorists. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hyun Jun, upon Do Cheol's suggestion, interrogates Seung Hee. Remember that your actions cannot be justified. Just answer my questions. Baek San and Sa Woo kill The Voice, and The Voice sends a recording of the incident to Hyun Jun... Whoever sheds the blood of man, by man shall his blood be shed. Episode 14 Don't think that it's over with this, since I wasn't the one who was supposed to bring an end to this anyway. You can still say that after all these years? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Whether it be a nation, or an individual such as yourself, Doctor, nothing that has gone against IRIS has ever survived. By any chance, if you're thinking of Hyun Jun, then give up your hopes. We're... only keeping him alive right now for our needs. Whenever we want to, we'll end his life. Is there anything else you want to say? "Whoever sheds the blood of man, by man shall his blood be shed." It's... Genesis chapter 9, verse 6. I will... keep that in mind. Augh, no! I'll look around. They must've left already. There's no one here. Is there anything else you want to say? "Whoever sheds the blood of man, by man shall his blood be shed." It's... Genesis chapter 9, verse 6. I will... keep that in mind. Whether it be a nation, or an individual such as yourself, Doctor, nothing that has gone against IRIS has ever survived. By any chance, if you're thinking of Hyun Jun, Father! Whenever we want to, we'll end his life. I'll drive. No, it's fine. The person who was standing to the side, while Baek San was killing the Doctor... He was the person who was with Seung Hee when we went to the Father's grave, right? Who is he? Jin Sa Woo. My friend. He was... to me, who had no one before the NSS... like a real brother. Is he, by any chance, the person who pointed a gun at you in Hungary? After that incident, I've seen him hundreds of thousands of times. Sa Woo's eyes that had pointed a gun towards me... were shaking. It couldn't be helped... both Sa Woo and I were fated to be unable to go against the organization's orders... It would've been the same if, I had received those orders... Maybe Sa Woo was also a victim of Baek San's plans... I wanted to believe it was like that. I've never... brought myself to think that... Sa Woo is a part of IRIS. With that, my most annoying problem, for the last ten years has been taken care of. Since the headquarters also recognizes the services you have done, you'll be met with the appropriate rewards and treatment. Shouldn't we... take care of Hyun Jun, as well? He might become more of nuisance if we leave him be. Please leave it to me. I'll do it myself. Don't get ahead of yourself. You only need to do what I tell you to do. Since he is of no more use, they'll take care of it on their own. You, don't have to concern yourself. Honey! I'm really late, aren't I? I just got my hair done. What do you think? It looks fine. What did you buy? Uh, uhm. Since the crabs looked fresh, I'm thinking of making seafood soup. That's great. They really are fresh. How do you make crab sashimi? It's really cheap. Yes, sir? It's been done. Since the core has collapsed, I don't think you need to worry about the others. I'll take care of that problem on my own, sir. Is it... someone you know? Nah. Let's go. [ Message Locked ] [ Locked ]  [ A message has arrived. ] Where are you going? Oh! I'm feeling a bit sick, so... I'm going to go to the infirmary. I told you not to come. What are you thinking about? I'm not thinking about anything. Coffee. Hm? Thank you. What? I told you to leave Seoul quickly. What about you? I don't think I can go because of work... At least you have to leave quickly. If you're not going, then I'm not going. There was an incident involving guns, sir. The victims are an unidentifiable man in his sixties, and fifteen men who seemed to be his bodyguards, a total of sixteen, sir. They're all dead. I first gave the news to the press and had the case transferred to our department. Why? Is there any relevancy between that case and the terrorist attack? There's nothing yet, but... since it was an incident involving guns... Give that case to the internal affairs. Pardon? There's no personnel that we can pull out of the counter- terrorist department right now. It wouldn't be late even if we  waited for internal affairs to tell us that there's some relevancy between that case and the terrorist attack. The counter-terrorist department should focus on the terrorist attack and locating the terrorists. Yes, sir. Hey, Section Chief Park. Yes? I examined the victims of the gun incident and... You don't... need to tell me. Eh? Wh-why? The director wants me to hand this case over to the internal affairs. The d-director did? Yes. Come over here for a second. A while ago, Jin Sa Woo came to me for comparing skulls. Jin Sa Woo did? I did it without much thought, thinking it had something to do with the terrorist attack. And so? I've found a person who matches 92% with the person Jin Sa Woo wanted me to find back then. Who is that? It's... one of the bodies in the room that was brought to us. Are you saying right now, that you're going to create a war  between the North and the South? That nuke has to explode in Seoul. It will be announced as a heroic deed of our republic's warriors. Numerous citizens... will experience worse pains than those of today. Of course, someone will become... a scapegoat. From this war, I will build a republic that is younger... and stronger! The committeeman is looking for you. This'll be the last time, I will try to persuade you. If you don't follow my wishes, I'll return you to the North, and you can probably assume what will happen afterwards. You still don't know? This is not... something you can change with your will. You told me you believed that the republic would regain its lost powers. I believe so, too. I've waited for that day to come more than anyone. It's not just you and I, numerous citizens have waited also. However, what's the result of that patience? As you said, we're begging for a unification right now. It is not I who betrayed the republic, but, our Leader who is leading the republic right now! My decision is... not an act of treason, but a revolution! I believe that you are someone who can last through excessive pain to accomplish a major feat, if it's for the establishment of our republic. Aren't you? I will follow your wishes. Thank you. When is the nuke going to explode? We can't stay in Seoul until that happens. At that moment, we won't be in Seoul. Don't worry. I think there's... a mole inside the agency. Is there anyone you're suspecting? It's agent Jin Sa Woo, sir. Jin Sa Woo? Yes. What should I do, sir? I'll instruct the internal investigations department to deal with it, so you don't need to concern yourself with it any further. Go on out. What is it? There's something I need to ask. The internal investigations department... is led by you, right? Yeah. I was just wondering if the director gave any orders regarding Jin Sa Woo. No. There wasn't anything like that. Are you sure? Of course. If there was any orders from the director, it would have been reported to me for sure. There's no way I wouldn't have heard about it. Is there something worrying you, sir? Committeeman Yeon Gi Hoon has a different objective. He's planning to detonate the nuke we've prepared in Seoul. Also, he's preparing to start a war between the North and South. Then, shouldn't we cancel the plan, by contacting the operations team? Kang Do Cheol has betrayed me. He is following... Committeeman Yeon Gi Hoon's orders. Committeeman Yeon Gi Hoon is probably planning to leave Seoul before the nuke explodes. If Yeon Gi Hoon moves, it means that the nuke will go off soon. From now on, you have to keep a close eye on Committeeman Yeon Gi Hoon. Yes, sir. What are you planning to do with Kang Do Cheol? I think I'll have to meet Seon Hwa first. Contact her. Yes, sir. Did you find cause of the satellite connection problem? Yes. It turned out that the gateway modules at the IO station were all burned. That can't happen since there's a 3-level stabilizing device. It's really weird, but what's even weirder is the satellite data on the factories should still be there, but they aren't. What about the surrounding security cameras? Since the storage is in the factory area, there are too many cars that look alike, and the closest security camera is seven kilometers away. I think it'll be hard to find a security camera. How are the facilities of where the summit committee is staying in? Since I'm not staying long, it just has the basic necessities. Your family is... I sent them... to go travel for a bit. When the nuke goes off, I'll report that it was the work of a resistance group going against the republic. Did you decide... on the D-day? Yes. When is it? There's something... I need you to take care of before that happens. Tell me. Kim Hyun Jun, who I had working under me, is in your side's operations team. I know that. Please eliminate him... before the D-day. It's me. Eliminate Kim Hyun Jun and Kim Seon Hwa... before the D-day. Yes, sir. What is it, sir? It's an order to eliminate Kim Hyun Jun and Kim Seon Hwa. When should we do it? I'll do it. Not yet. Tell everyone to gather. Yes, sir. On the day of the operations, practice your movements and timing, to prevent any mistakes in the operations. How is the detonator assembly going? It'll be complete soon. Check again to see if there are any problems with it. Yes, sir. Young Bum, you check for the escape routes and transportation, then report it to me. Yes, Cap. Wang Soo and Gwang Suk, check our weapons, in case of a hostile situation. Yes, sir. Move. What are they doing right now? You guys don't need to know. Cap says he has something else for you guys, so just be on stand-by. Why do you think they're doing this all of a sudden? It means that they're going to detonate the nuke soon. What should we do? There's nothing we've found out so far. We only have this to rely on right now. Section Chief, what's the matter? Just hurry and open the door. Did you finish writing up the report? Did you come here for that? Well, that, and because I have something to say. Would you like some coffee? No, it's fine. Come sit for a second. Did you... meet Hyun Jun when you were captured as a hostage? Yes. Did you find out anything? Why he became a terrorist? The circumstances didn't allow me to. Why do you think they let you live? I don't know. Why they even injected me with a truth serum to get the NSS security code, and then freed me... From a certain point in time, everything around me became a mystery that can't be solved from A to Z. I think there's a traitor within the NSS... and I found out who it is. Who is it? Jin Sa Woo... and Director Baek San. Welcome. How can I help you? Please show me the book. Please follow me. It's number 925, sir. Goodbye, sir. He just received the object. We'll be doing a search on you for a second. Please follow me. Hello, sir. Get in. Do you remember who he is, sir? Isn't he the NSS agent who saved my life during my presidential campaign? Your name is...? It's Kim Hyun Jun, sir. Your co-worker who accompanied you to the Blue House during that time, was Jin Sa Woo, wasn't he? I remembered because your name is unique. That's correct. Are you still a part of the NSS? No, sir. He's been accused of treason, and has been presumed dead. What do you mean by that? That such a fine person is presumed dead... and... accused of treason? I... assassinated Chairman Yoong Sung Chul. Under whose orders, did you do such a thing? It was NSS Director Baek San. His whereabouts have been unknown for the last six hours already. What do you mean? What did the security department say? Even the security department is keeping it a secret. Who accompanied him? It was Chief Secretary Jeong Hyung Jun. All right. Try to find out about their whereabouts quickly. It's me, sir. The president's whereabouts have been unknown for the last six hours. Yes. Yes, sir. There's an organization called IRIS, and there's an opposing organization against it. IRIS exercises power over both the North and South, and NSS Director Baek San also receives orders from them. Is that right? That's right, sir. Although it's hard for me to believe... Please take a look at this. Who is this person? It's... Dr. Yoo Jeong Hoon who worked as a part of the nuclear program under president Park Jung Hee. I, myself, found out when I was working in the foreign affairs in Paris. After the nuclear program was shut down, Director Baek San, under the orders of IRIS, killed all the researchers including my parents. Dr. Yoo, who had barely managed to stay alive, escaped overseas, and established an organization to go against IRIS. Is it true... that you have evidence and list, which exposes Baek San and IRIS's identity? Yes. Then we should arrest Baek San right now, and extract information about who he's working with. We can't do that, sir. There are two reasons why we can't do that. First of all, the list I have isn't complete. There is someone above Baek San giving him orders, but we don't know who that is. If we can't unearth that root, then it becomes difficult to reveal IRIS's true identity. Then, what about the second reason? It's the nuclear terrorist attack. Then, is the nuclear terrorist attack... IRIS's doing? Yes. In a situation where I can't even trust the NSS director, how can I stop the nuclear terrorist attack? Right now, I'm currently living with the terrorists who have the nuclear bomb. They don't know about my motives. Since they still think I'm on their side, I should be able to get to the nuclear bomb. That nuclear bomb... where is it? I do not know yet, sir. However, they've started making their move for the nuclear attack, and... they will soon detonate it in the middle of Seoul. People who are supposedly a part of the Blue House, didn't even know where the president was for a full day. How can this be? Department Head. Please say something. Where on earth did you go? I mean, how many times has this been already? Starting with the sudden changes to the summit, and also with the nuclear terrorist attack, and now he's been missing for hours. Now I'm starting to think that the president can't trust us. We can't run a country like this. That's why, such a thing like the nuclear terrorist attack is happening. I do understand that you feel upset, but there are some things you should and shouldn't say. Truthfully, I'm also worried about the president's recent decisions. Why even you? I understand everyone's feelings, but I can't say anything right now. When the time comes, you will know. I'm sorry. I was a bit late. Are there any leads to the terrorist investigations? We're still investigating. Until when? Until when will you keep investigating? Are you planning on finding them after the nuke has been set off? We can't leave things like this just by relying on the NSS anymore. The security minister is right, we can??t just sit and do nothing. We should... at once, announce a state of emergency for the state. Also, the president shouldn't stay here any longer. We should meet the president now, and tell him directly. Where is the president right now? He's in his office right now, but... he told me not to let anyone in... Yes, sir. He's here right now. Yes, sir. The president... wishes to see you. Did you find out where he was at? No. Even Chief Secretary Jeong Hyung Jun didn't say anything. That means they've got a trail of something... What did... the higher-ups say? Everything will go as planned. I'm not sure it was such a good idea to mention to those in the Blue House about the terrorist attack. "Since it is a summit with a bleak outlook, it will only have a negative effect." They sure do have a lot to say. Director Baek. Yes, sir. You told me that the NSS was an organization that had no political will, and followed the will of the president, right? Yes, sir. I want to hear your personal opinion on the current summit. Sir? I want to know your thoughts as an individual, not as someone who is in charge of the NSS. I think that the nuclear terrorist attack is something prepared by the opposition force. Your wishes on unification, changes to the North's political structure... to those who do not wish for the Korean peninsula to be united, it will probably be a bad scenario. Who are "they"? Pardon? The forces opposing... Who are they? Sorry, sir. I'm not sure... if I didn't understand the president's words correctly... - That's all right. No matter what dangers I may face, I'm going to go through with the summit this time. Whomever may be interfering with the summit, will not be forgiven. I was followed. Don't be conscious of their presence, and act natural. If what you said was true, and we're in a situation where even the director is suspected, then where do we start? You told me Hyun Jun saved you in the NSS secure information facility, right? Yes. We first need to find out why  Hyun Joon is with those terrorists. Only then will we find out about Jin Sa Woo, and the director's identities, and who the traitors are. How do we find Hyun Joon, when we're being spied on all the time? Start from the storage building in Suhk Soo District, Ahn Yang. I'll help you. Section Chief Yang. I need a bit of your help... Come see me for a second. This is the police department, right? Please excuse us. I'll be asking for your IDs. Stairwell Stairwell Stairwell Stairwell I've lost her. Find her quickly, and keep giving me updates. Yes, sir. It's me. How did it go? Uh, just a second. It's all done. Yeah. Here, pick it up. There's only one road which takes fifteen minutes and has eight speed bumps that leads to the storage building. I'll transmit the results right now. It came in. The intervals on the last three speed bumps, were seven and five seconds. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. One. The next five seconds? Two. Three. Four. What we know is, that it's from the rural street 332 to the T intersection, which splits into the number 93 national highway. Stop the car here. We need recordings from security camera number 1506-03. Since I can estimate the time of passing, you can probably find the terrorist vehicle. It's a car that passed here within three  minutes to get into the highway. Even if... we find the car, in order to track its path, we need a pathway detection system... Uh...m! For now, notify the tactical assault team, and increase the search area towards downtown. Yeah. What is it? Are you... able to contact team leader  Choi Seung Hee by any chance? Why? The director is looking for her. Team Leader is at home, on stand-by for orders, isn't she? I haven't contacted her. How about you? I haven't either. You have to use the cross-correlation theorem for a pathway detection system. That's out of our reach, unless you're talking about Section Chief. Go to the server room and boot up the pathway detection system. Sir, even I can't go in there... Will it be okay? Don't worry. I'll take responsibility. Go quickly. I found the truck. Where was the last place it was seen? It was by Jong-no Street. I'll send the data right now. All right. I'll call again once we get there. Go quickly. It's me, sir. I found Team Leader Choi Seung Hee. I think she's discovered the terrorists' whereabouts. Stop them before they come in contact. Yes, sir. I haven't seen Tae Young since yesterday. If my intuition is right, she's probably... somewhere assembling the saturated uranium rod together with the high precision detonator. It's evident that her hideout is somewhere other than here. Before we find the target, we need to find that hideout first. What? There will be a call from Park Chul Young. Since Cap can't find out, take care of yourself. It's me, sir. Yes, sir. Riverview 8th Street. I understand. I'm heading out right now. Riverview 8th Street I don't have any time to stall right now. If you don't answer my questions right now, you will die immediately. Where are the saturated uranium rod, and the high precision detonator? Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad {\a6}This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Main Translator: munchinghippo Spot Translator: songbird Timer: sweet`dreams. Editor/QC: HUAY Coordinators: mily2, ay_link Watch dramas legally @ dramafever.com STOP illegal streaming sites! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 