Iris: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Iris 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Iris (2009–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 Hyun Joon is accused of being a spy. Now the NSS, North Korean Security, and the Hungary Police are all after him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This drama is based on fiction and any similarity to real people, places, or events are purely coincidental Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad {\a6}This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Hyun Jun and Sa Woo finish their first mission successfully, and receive time off as a reward. Hyun Jun and Seung Hee, secretly seeing each other, go to Akita by themselves. Sa Woo is sent to Hungary on a sole mission to rescue Hong Seung Ryong. After returning from their vacation, Hyun Jun and Sa Woo also leave for Hungary. Baek San assigns an independent mission to Hyun Jun, to assassinate the prime minister of North Korea, Yoon Sung Chul. Hyun Jun, even through their tight security, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 succeeds in assassinating his target but is badly hurt in the process. In his compromised state,  Hyun Jun asks Baek San for help to make his escape, but his request is turned down. Actions of Sa Woo, his closest friend, who had come to rescue him, shocks Hyun Jun. Sa Woo. Episode 5 The situation's not good. We'll talk later. Let's get out of here first. If we can get to the airfield where we took Hong Seung Ryong, we should be able to make it out. Sa Woo. I'm sorry. It's an order. Why... why are you...? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You would've if you were me... I'm sorry. It's the Team Leader's orders. Please wait out here. There's no more point in keeping him alive. We capture him to kill. Tell the entire team. If we kill him, it will become impossible to fully investigate the assassination. Don't make me repeat my order. We kill him the moment we see him. What happened? Mission failed. Where is TK1? He's hiding. But the North Korean security team and the Hungarian police are on the hunt for him, which will make it impossible for him to get out of Budapest. You have to be the one to find him first. Find him and finish the job. Are you telling me to kill Hyun Jun? I can't do that. Should I take that as you refusing your mission as an NSS agent? Why do we have to kill him? Why can't we rescue him and bring him home? - I'll go and bring him back. - Haven't you figure it out yet? This was decided from the beginning. It is something that is out of my hands. Then who is the one that's making all the decisions? Please tell me. When did you meet Hyun Jun? I met him in the Special Forces. Before then... what do you know of his past prior to that? This will tell you why Kim Hyun Jun was selected, and why NSS is abandoning him. You may go now. No matter what the reason, I cannot do this. I'm sorry. Then I have no choice. If you can't, I have to find someone else. Send Choi Seung Hee in. Vice Director Baek San is on the line. Yes, it's me. Is it true that Yoon Sung Chul died by enemy bullet? Yes. Are we involved in any way in the incident? No. From what we've determined so far, it was the result of internal dissension of the North Koreans. We are in no way involved in the incident. I understand. Our side had nothing to do with it. North Korea blaming us is just a ploy to control the internal uprisings from flaring up. Please share this information with all the security personnel and find a way to tactfully deal with the situation. Yes, sir. It's me. Begin. Where's Kim Hyun Jun's seat? It's this one. Confiscate everything. Break it open. What are you doing? We're confiscating all of Kim Hyun Jun's property. Confiscate? What is the reason? He's being charged with espionage. From this hour forward, if anyone receives or initiates contact with Kim Hyun Jun, you will be investigated for espionage. Keep that in mind. Chief. Chief. What's going on? Oh man... What the heck is going on? We need to confiscate any and all material on agent Kim Hyun Jun. Why? Kim Hyun Jun is being charged with espionage. Eh? What? - Seize the all. - Yes, sir. What the...? Over here, Mr. Park. What is happening? What does this mean... Kim Hyun Jun is being charged with espionage? I'm not sure what's what myself. Who in the world is framing him with this? I think it's Vice Director Baek San. So another innocent victim is made a sacrificial lamb. I'm sorry? What do you mean by that? Oh, it was before your time so you may not know, but in NSS' past, there were two other people, that were charged with espionage just like this. What happened to them? They disappeared without a trace. But if it's really an espionage, shouldn't they pay for their crimes? But without any due process or formal procedure, they just simply disappeared. I just can't understand. How can something like that happen? You just watch and see. You will not see Kim Hyun Jun again. "All employees to cease communication with Agent Kim Hyun Jun, charged with espionage." - This is Hwang Tae Sung. - Oh, this is Choi Seung Hee. Team Leader! What in the world is going on? This place is turned upside down by the internal investigation crew. They say TK1 is charged with espionage. How could that be possible? I don't know either. Tell me where TK1 is right now. I can't. If we make any wrong moves, we'll be in big trouble. Hello? It's me, Seung Hee. Where are you? In Budapest. I have a favor to ask. It's me. It's all done. I've sent you what you've asked for. They've already seized everything on TK1, so I couldn't find anything out on him. Vice Director Baek San is in Balaton, Hungary now. Please find out for me all the people with whom he's been in communication. Seung Hee, that might be a bit... Please. And if TK1 is among the ones he contacted, see if you can identify the location. Sa Woo. I'm sorry. It's an order. You would've if you were me... I just can't believe it. There's no way Hyun Jun would have done that. Something is wrong here. I have to see Hyun Jun and hear it directly from him. Where is he? I'm sure he's somewhere here in Budapest hiding. North Korean security team, along with Hungarian police are on the hunt for him. If we don't make clearheaded decisions right now, Hyun Jun, you and I, all of us will be in danger. {\a6}Although you flow from my own two eyes, {\a6}you cannot see me {\a6}Although my lips call you calmly, {\a6}you cannot hear me Is your work early in the morning? Why? Do you know? You were nervous all day today. What are you talking about? Me being nervous? Don't worry. I'll come back soon. Come back safely. All right. Good night. Hyun Jun! There's a man bleeding in the office. Hurry up and send an ambulance. North Korean security team is on the move. I think they found Hyun Jun. Split up into 3 teams and move. Call in for air support. Officer Park, I want full report on every development. - Move. - Yes, sir. Tango has reached the destination. What is the exact location of the target? We're in area 201. We got him. We'll go in to confirm. He's not here. We request eyes in the air. Right away. Here. This is the building and the surrounding areas. The west exit. If he's going to escape, it'll be through here. We need to get there and wait for him. I'm sorry. The only way out is through the west. Block the west exit. Things have gotten worse. We'll be in danger if we stay here any longer. Any news about Hyun Jun? It's certain he hasn't been caught yet. Do you think he got out? Every possible way out of here is blocked. I'm sure it won't be easy. Try and get some sleep. Yes. I understand. We'll do as you say. Everybody out. Seon Hwa, you stay. The time given to me is until tomorrow. You take this on. If I don't get him, you chase him to the end. No matter what happens, you have to capture or kill him. That's the only way you and I can survive. It's me. What is the reason? For throwing me away? What can I say for you to understand? Your fate was set the moment you joined NSS. I will return no matter what it takes. And when I do, you will pay for playing with my fate. Seung Hee is there right now. Perhaps her fate is the same as yours. The assassination of Yoon Sung Chul was the result of the internal dissension in North Korea. Their administration is standing on the position that we had nothing to do wit that. And everyone in NSS also believes that. No, I did it. I definitely received the orders to do so and I succeeded in my mission. And then they abandoned me. That was their intention from the beginning. That's just not possible. What about Sa Woo? Didn't you know Sa Woo came here to rescue you? He's here. If we all work together, even if the North Korean security team and the Hungarian authorities try to stop us, we can find a way to get out. Sa Woo... In order to prove that our side didn't have anything to do with the assassination, I must not stay alive. As long as you're with me, Sa Woo... and you will be in danger. Go home. I can't do that. I can't leave you here like this. Seung Hee. Even if everything you say is true, I can't abandon you here. If you die, I'm going to die with you. I can't return home by myself. Our group is called the elite security team, not because we're so great, but because our country expected us not to fail. This may tarnish the image of the national security office, and if that is the case, we will all be found guilty. We've located him. This is our last chance. Move out. I'll get the tickets and be right out. Stay right here. I'll be right back. Stop right there! Throw your guns down! Throw them down! Throw your guns down! We're diplomatic security. We're after an assassin! Hello? If you die, I'm going to die with you. I can't return home by myself. {\a6}Because I miss your laughter that I hear whenever the cold wind brushes the tip of my fingers {\a6}Your two eyes that reflected my face, {\a6}because I'm lonely, I cry and cry again {\a6}The words I couldn't say because my lips were frozen {\a6}Even though we loved each other, {\a6}we're now having to part {\a6}Even though we're under the same sky, in different places, {\a6}please don't forget me. Hyun Jun! {\a6}The words I couldn't say because my lips were frozen. {\a6}Even though we loved each other, we're not having to part {\a6}Even though we're under the same sky, in different places, {\a6}please don't forget me {\a6}By any chance, do you know this? {\a6}That person who let you go then turned and clutched at her chest {\a6}That person is me {\a6}Please love that person I'll get the tickets and be right out. Stay right here. {\a6}Please come back to me some day {\a6}Even though we're under the same sky, in different places, {\a6}please don't forget me - I'll take him. - I got it. Hyun Jun. Sa Woo. Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Main Translator: songbird Timer: julier Editor/QC: ay_link Coordinators: mily2, ay_link If Kim Hyun Jun sunbae were here now... I told you to erase all memories of him. How is Seung Hee? She can't seem to accept that Hyun Jun is dead. Are you saying you know who they are? This is your final chance to save yourself. Go and get him. He's in Japan right now. What happened to you! Ahjussi! If you keep this up, you will die. He's now buried in history. What are you doing? If I don't kill you, I have no place to return to. Watch dramas legally @ dramafever.com STOP illegal streaming sites! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 