Iris: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Iris 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Iris (2009–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 A mysterious man has been trying to track down Hyun-Jun because of a USB drive that he received from the late Hong Seung Ryong. It turns out that the USB has information on a mysterious terrorist organization, called IRIS. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This drama is based on fiction and any similarity to real people, places, or events are purely coincidental {\a6}This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad Hyun Jun, who was preparing his revenge, is captured by the department of internal affairs and interrogated.  He accepts an offer to kill a yakuza boss in exchange for his freedom, and disappears after the killing. The president invites a high-ranking official from the North into the country and meets him.  The NSS, excluded from this event, goes through great pains to find out his true intentions. Hyun Jun, who was preparing to leave for Korea, receives a tragic phone call demanding something that belonged to Hong Seung Ryong...  Episode 8 Stop. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ahjussi... Yuki, are you all right? Don't be afraid, it'll be all right. Throw the gun away. - The USB. - Let go of the girl first. The password. SH0615. Put your head down. Yuki, Be at ease, it's all over now. Dad... Mom... Mom... Yuki, are you all right? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yuki. Yuki. Yuki. Yuki. Yuki, Yuki! Yuki, Yuki. Yuki, Yuki, Yuki! Yuki, Yuki. Wake up, Yuki! Yuki! Wake up! Yuki... Yuki... It's me. It's been a while. I need your help. You left after rejecting me, and now you want me to help you? Tell me what it is. I cannot understand what it is they want from me. They say it's something I received from Hong Seung Ryong... That something... you have it. Contact me again after you find it. Take it with you, since you won't lose anything. Are you giving it to me? Thank you. So pretty. Ahjussi. I've had it on me every single day, while thinking of you, Hyun Jun Ahjussi. You know that a guest came from the North about a month ago, right? Yes. I know that a high-ranking official came. All of this happened while the NSS was excluded from it. The NSS was excluded from this important event dealing with problems for the North and South. There has been no precursor to this. Since we can't understand the motive of the president, who excluded us from this, we're confused. Wouldn't it be an after-effect from the events in Hungary? Well, even if we put that into account, the fact that the president can't trust the NSS is disturbing. I've told you some useless things after bringing you here. The reason I called you here... is to talk about Choi Seung Hee. I think she should return to her position. I don't... think it will be easy. Why? She doesn't believe in Hyun Jun's death. In her current state of mind, I think it will be hard for her to return to work. If she can't believe it, then make her believe it. That's your mission. If she can't believe it, then make her believe it.  That's your mission. Hey. At 9:30, there's going to be an emergency meeting held by the Director. Summarize the information from the ISIC and present it. Yes. A male in his 20's, 178 cm, Rh+ O? Come see me. Do you have agent Kim Hyun Jun's medical records? It's forbidden to even talk about Hyun Jun sunbae within the NSS, so what record would be left? I really need it, that's why. Just a second. What are you doing? You should knock before you come in. I did knock, but you just didn't notice. Ugh. I'm about to go bankrupt from the information you gave me last time. You told me it'd double three times in two months, but now I only have half of a half! Hurry up and take responsibility for it! Hey, kid. Investments are something you make under your own responsibility. Who are you lashing out on right now? Then what? Were you going to share your money with me if you had made a profit? Ha ha ha, no thanks. You've been listening to some weird stuff. Anyway, what's the matter? By any chance, do you have Kim Hyun Jun sunbae's medical records? Of course not! That's all been destroyed. Hey, why are you acting like this? I'm fully aware of the fact that you have it. You, if you carelessly open your mouth about this, it'll be a big problem. Got it? I get it, so just give it to me quickly. Hey, Seung Hee. Now you won't even see me? There was information sent by the Hungarian intelligence network about the body inside the private plane that crashed. It matches the medical records of Hyun Jun that the NSS had. Check for yourself. The reason I'm delivering this cruel message to you, who believes Hyun Jun is still alive, is so that you can scrape off the hurtful feelings in the bottom of your heart, and bring an end to the feelings you have for Hyun Jun... because that's the only way you'll survive. {\a6}Even though we loved each other,  {\a6}now we're breaking up.  {\a6}Even though we're under the same sky, in different places,  {\a6}please don't forget me.  {\a6}Because I miss your laughter that I hear whenever {\a6}the cold wind brushes the tip of my fingers, {\a6}Your two eyes that reflected my face,  {\a6}because I'm lonely, I cry and cry again.  {\a6}The words I couldn't say,  {\a6}since my lips were frozen {\a6}Even though we loved each other,  {\a6}now we're breaking up. The person who saved me in Hungary said to me, "In politics, there is no such thing as coincidence. If something happens, it happened because it was planned." And he told me that the things that happened to me were caused intentionally by someone and that these things would continue to happen. If it was as he said, intentionally caused by someone, I don't know why I had to be the target. Please tell me... what has happened. The beginning to all this... was the defection of Hong Seung Ryong. Our team was a part of the support team that would take Hong Seung Ryong, who requested a refuge to Korea.  However, soon after this,  we had heard that Hong Seung Ryong was killed  and I - took on another solitary mission. - You have a solitary mission. My mission was... to snipe chairman Yoon Sung Chul. Although I had succeeded with the mission, I was wounded during the escape, and I requested a rescue team. The one who came to Budapest to rescue me was a friend,  who had gone through life together with me even before joining the NSS.  However,  that friend who I thought had come rescue me, said it was an order and pointed a gun at me. Hey, Sa Woo. I'm sorry. It's an order. After that I, without knowing why, was chased down by both the North and South. While being chased I, called that person who had abandoned me, telling him I would definitely come back alive, and that if I did, I would definitely not forgive him... but when I came back, it turned out that the woman I had valued more than my life, the woman I had loved, was in Budapest. I received threats of how her fate would end up the same way mine did. I met Seung Hee, and we tried to escape from Hungary together. I'll go look at the train times. Don't move an inch and stay here. However, during our escape... Seung Hee died. What I want to know isn't why you came here. The man who was at Budapest that time, I want to confirm if he is alive or not. When I tried to escape Hungary on a private plane, I was fired at by my friend and crashed. I thought my life had ended after that, but when I opened my eyes, I was at a hospital. I realized that it was the person who had told me that all this was a conspiracy, had saved me. I... couldn't even trust that person who had saved my life. I had escaped from that place and had come to Japan,  and prepared my revenge against those who had abandoned me. At the time when I was trying to go back to Korea, I received Yuki's call, Ahjussi! and found out that the person who was trying to kill me was looking for the necklace I received from Hong Seung Ryong. This is... the necklace I got in exchange for Yuki's death. I had some questions while listening to your story. Who killed Hong Seung Ryong, who had successfully defected with the help of the South? As far as I know, Hong Seung Ryong's death has nothing to do with the North. The second question is the death of chairman Yoon Sung Chul. It was a diplomatic problem that could have caused both countries to be at war with one another, but it was quieted down all too easily. The Republic's highest chairman was assassinated by an agent from the South, but the North, and even the South covered it up. Why is that? Lastly, the person who died at the train station in Budapest... that person... The car's explosion from that time wasn't the North's doing. What I can guess right now is that the person who killed Hong Seung Ryong is the same person who killed Yuki to get this necklace. Also, the order you were given to kill chairman Yoon Sung Chul wasn't given by the South, but instead given to you either by that same individual, or it could be a conspiracy formed by an unknown organization. As it stands right now, this necklace seems to be only link between all of this... Who is the one behind the murder of Hong Seung Ryong and Yoon Sung Chul? Why were you selected and why were you abandoned? The clue to all these questions will be in that. Why are you staying by my side? There were many chances to kill me. You could've gone back after killing me. It's too late, for me to go back. What do you mean, too late? When I was eighteen, I was selected to go into training to become a security agent. The kind of training I received, the kind of life I led during the 7 years before I became an official agent... You should know all about it since you also went through special training. Even though I went through hellish training, the one thing that I could never handle, was killing people. They sent in prisoners who were on death row into the training camp. And, as if we were cornering rabbits, we killed them one by one. And later... even our comrades who escaped from training... It was only difficult during the first time. But eventually, even killing people became easy. As I killed one person, two people, I felt that my blood, and my heart... was getting colder. In the end, when I could kill people without feeling anything, I became an official security agent. During all those difficult times, what kept me going, was my mother and my siblings, but... because of me, they're all dead. That's why... there's no reason... for me to go back. The password is unlocked. IRIS... It looks like they've already escaped. It seems like data recovery will be impossible. Damn it! Hello? We've just broken into their hideout, but they've already escaped after burning all the data. Bring back everything even if it seems insignificant. Okay, I got it. Found them! Run! If I were to talk about my findings first, the body we found this time has nothing to do with the case in Vladivostok. What? What about the evidence that lead to this conclusion? It's a feeling. If you say it like that, how should I send in my report? You take care of that on your own. Ugh, really. You're too much. Hey, kid. I'm someone who's been at this job ever since you've been trailing your snot. Why do you have so much to say instead of just accepting my words just as what they are? Yes sir, I understand. The scientific investigations department should be giving out scientific evidence, but what's with the "feeling," huh? Ah. That is... because it's accurate. What about the results on our side? It isn't out yet. Is it? Ah. I think that will take some time. Why? You haven't gotten a grasp of the situation yet? You! If there isn't anything more to talk about, then let's end the meeting. Uhm. Today's Choi Seung Hee sunbae's birthday... So? Uh... I was hoping to throw her a surprise party... Oh! That's a good idea. Seung Hee should be working her butt off... let's call her out and get her some drinks. Would she come out even if we told her to? She's not going to come out. I heard that nowadays she won't even come out to the flower shop and stays inside her house. She won't come out, sir. If she won't come out... we can just go to her! That's right! Mi Jung, you're so smart. - Let's go attack her house! - You'll go. Right? Ah, yes. Yes, I should go. Isn't she out? She's home. I've done GPS tracking on her. Good going. Let's go in. Ah, just a second! Let's go in wearing these. Tada! - Wow, you're prepared! - Hurry and put them on. Here's yours. - Put them on. - Hey hey hey. Do we really have to go this far? Just hurry up and put it on, sir! It's to have fun. - Peek-a-boo! - It suits everyone so well. Are you a princess? Well then. Let's go inside. It seems like she's sleeping. Hey, Seung Hee. Seung Hee. Are you sleeping already? Seung Hee! Seung Hee! Wake up Seung Hee! Wake up! - Seung Hee! - What's the matter? What's with her? Hey Seung Hee. Hey wake up. Hey, Seung Hee! - Seung Hee! - Hey Seung Hee wake up. Hey Seung Hee! Seung Hee! Hurry and call the ambulance! Seung Hee! Hey Seung Hee wake up! Seung Hee! Yoo Suk Sun Hospital [Emergency room] It seems like she's dehydrated and has high blood pressure. Let's put her on an IV and see how she does for a couple days. All right. {\a6}Although you flow from my own two eyes, {\a6}you cannot see me. You... {\a6}Although my lips call you calmly, You're having such a hard time and... {\a6}you cannot hear me.  I... {\a6}If we had met and loved I'm sorry I can't do anything. {\a6}during different times, a different place, {\a6}would we be happy right now? {\a6}For the rest of my life, What would it be like right now, if I was Hyun Jun? {\a6}It should have been you, {\a6}but, now it will only be my staggering figure ... If it was him, {\a6}Since I can't hate you or forget you, what would he have done? {\a6}I guess there's nothing left for me to do, {\a6}other than to love you. It's me. I've been waiting for you. There's something I want to ask. What is IRIS? You've unlocked the file you received from Hong Seung Ryong. Couldn't you show me what its contents are? I... saved your life, and... I also provided clues to unlock the files. I think this should give me the rights to see the contents... I'll ask you again. What is IRIS? IRIS is a secret organization that has existed way longer than you can imagine. It's an organization that reaps huge profits from conflicts between nations and the development of arms. Are you talking about a military-industrial complex? An organization much bigger than that. IRIS uses terrorism and assassinations to create hostilities between nations, and has the power to overthrow the government of the nation involved in its benefits. To them, nations are things that either give them profit or don't. Obviously, they exist in the government and the military in North and South Korea. What you found out using the data inside the files is just the tip of an iceberg. No one has actually come to understand the true identity of IRIS. They have selected you, used you, and... they have abandoned you. Turn over those files to me. I will help you with your revenge. Last time, when the guests from the North came, you must've been a bit irritated since the NSS was completely excluded. It was the first time the NSS was excluded from an issue regarding the North and South, so I was honestly in a bit of panic. What do you think the reason for that is? Well... I don't know. The events that NSS was involved in... the kidnapping of Hong Seung Ryong, the assassination of Yoon Sung Chul... You know that the outcomes for these weren't pretty. I don't think... the president trusts you. The president suggested a meeting with the North and their response was also a positive one. If the NSS doesn't want to be left out of this event, something must happen to decisively win over the president's trust. I can't quite decide on what to do in order to gain his trust. Look here Director Baek. I know how political you are as a person. You don't need to play dumb in front of me. I'm sure you'd be the one who knows best what to do in order to earn his trust. Did you hear about team leader Choi Seung Hee? Yeah. Since she lost the last strand of hope she was clinging onto, it seems that she's lost her will to do anything. I think that it'll turn into a serious problem if it keeps on going like this. In order for people to change, they must first hit bottom. Do you know what it means to hit bottom? Even for sadness, you have to scrape off the feelings from the bottom. In order to hit bottom, that kind of pain is nothing, so you don't have to worry. You... like Choi Seung Hee. Don't you? No, sir. Then, I'll excuse myself. There was a message sent from Kim Seon Hwa. She says she wants to see you. However, she wants you to come out alone, Lieutenant. It doesn't feel right. I'll accompany you, sir. No. It's fine. I'm going alone. Where is it? It's Shanghai, China. I've arrived in Shanghai. Where do I have to go? All right. It's a satellite picture of North Korea's riverside. See if there are any changes in the nuclear processing facilities and write up a report. When do I have to finish it? It's urgent, so finish it quickly. Ah, I have a pile of things to do already. Don't whine. I'm not whining. I have to analyze the data we have from spying on communication networks as a prevention against terrorism. Then I also have to sort out identifications for the federal agency. What's this? Apparently the Japanese Intelligence interrogated an Asian man, and since they think he's a Korean, they requested identification. I'll do this for you, so write your report. - Then I'll be grateful. - You... I'll do it as quickly as I can. Yeah. Come in. You came at the right time. Choi Seung Hee will return to her position starting today. - What is it? - Uh... I'll report to you next time. It's been a while, Seon Hwa. Yes. When did you come here? It's been a little while. I really feel sorry about what happened to your mother and Sun Mi. I know that you couldn't do anything about it, Lieutenant. It's all my fault. What's the reason you wanted to see me? There's a place you need to go with me for a bit. I'll tell you when we get there. Please sit down. Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad Main Translator: munchinghippo Timer: hitomi83 Editor/QC: HUAY Coordinators: mily2, ay_link Please do NOT hardsub and/or stream this episode using our English subtitles. This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ withs2.com What's the reason you came here looking for Ha Chae Ryung? Baek San, and I need help for my revenge. Even betrayal becomes a habit. You really want to say those useless things? Don't try so hard for me anymore. The president's hidden card is nukes. Hey, it's Hyun Jun sunbae. - I have something to tell you, sir. - What is it? Send the tactical unit out quickly. Chief, I think I've got something. ...is still in the house. Now is not the time. What exactly did you do to Seung Hee? Think about what made you come all this way. Not everyone will trust you. In politics, there is no such thing as coincidence. If something happened, {\a6}Watch dramas legally @ dramafever.com STOP illegal streaming sites it happened because it was planned. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 