The Rise of Phoenixes: Season 1, Episode 30 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Rise of Phoenixes 
 s1e30 - Episode #1.30 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Rise of Phoenixes (2018): Season 1, Episode 30 - Episode #1.30 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES ADAPTED FROM TIANXIA GUIYUAN'S NOVEL HUANG QUAN Download MyTotal.TV to watch your favorite TV www.mytotal.tv THE BEST TV APP EPISODE 30 Since my uncle was so kind, my mother and Feng Hao can drink here in peace. I'll take care of things no matter what happens. I don't know why you said that. I wonder what can happen. I understand. You're new in the palace. You must be very busy. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Go and do what you need to. Don't worry about us. Mother. Stop talking. Let's eat. Feng Hao. You need to grow up. You need to be alert at all times and protect Mother, understand? Grow up... Don't worry. I understand. This is such a good residence. Mother, when we were kids, he always said he was going to succeed and let you and me live good lives. I guess it really happened. So I think that the life I'm living now is the good life I've been dreaming of. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Really. As long as Wei Zhi follows me and works hard in the palace, you'll have a life even better than this. Wei Zhi. Wei Zhi. -Am I right? -Of course. How would I dare question a princess? What are your orders, Your Highness? I'll do whatever I can to help you. Mother. Sit down and eat. Your Highness, what is your intention? It's simple. Just let Ning Yi have this. Have you lost your mind, Your Highness? Forgive me. I cannot do that. Don't worry. I'm not trying to kill him now. I'm just trying to play a trick on him. -Or I won't be able to move on. -I can't do that either. If you keep forcing me, Your Highness, I'll have to resign from the palace and go back to my hometown. Wei Zhi. You would still be in Tiansheng even if you resign. Well, if I can ask your mother to come and drink here, I can have her go and eat somewhere else too. You'd better think about that. Don't worry about it then. I'll die right here in front of you. Stupid Wei Zhi. Look. Do you trust me now? Your Highness. I'll only do this once. If you cause my family trouble again, I will make you pay for it, even if I am cut a thousand times. The way you're looking at me is making me embarrassed. It's just like last time when I got wounded. You also took care of me then. You're probably still drunk. That's why you're saying that. I slept well, which is rare. It's also rare that we're finally getting along. As long as you're willing, we'll have many opportunities to get along. Whom did you just meet with? Is there anything interesting that you want to share with me? Yes. Okay. Prince of Yan's poem was very impressive. Make me some soup to ease my drunkenness. I want you to make it. All right. I'll go now. Will you do it? Your Highness. You drank too much. Let me take your pulse. Are you a doctor now? Fine. I do feel kind of dizzy. So? You're quite healthy, Your Highness. It wasn't that much wine. Let me throw this out. My health has nothing to do with me drinking this soup, right? Poison might be sweet, but medicine is always bitter. If I don't drink it, how will I know its taste? All right. I have other things to tend to. See you. Goodbye, Prince of Chu. Your Majesty. The Royal Guards are here. Please give your orders. -Zhao Yuan. -Yes, Your Majesty. Go get Ambassador Zhanbi from Jinshi. Bring him to the palace. Do you want to ask him about how to get rid of the poison? But, Your Majesty, doing so would harm your body. If he tells anyone, -it might even hurt-- -Don't be stupid. Yale cast the Shuangsheng Spell because she was jealous of Noble Consort. Very wise, Your Majesty. -I'll go right away. -Zhao Yuan. Yes, Your Majesty. If he doesn't tell the truth, tell him that Yale has another son, Ning Yi, under my control. He should do what is asked of him instead of being ungrateful that Yale saved his life. Yes, Your Majesty. I heard the guards say that the Royal Guards were here. What did they want? Your Highness, I have a question that I hope you can answer. What is it? Have you ever heard your mother talk about Shuangsheng Spell? Shuangsheng Spell? Ambassador Zhanbi. When my mother left me, I was only eight. How would I know anything? All sorceresses of the Riluo Tribe would make poison from venomous creatures. After Yale became a sorceress, she used her own blood to make the poison. It is believed that once this poison is ingested, the ones whom it is used on will live and die at the same time. Today, the Royal Guards brought me to see your father. He said that Yale once poisoned Noble Consort out of jealousy. Noble Consort? What happens to the other person when one falls ill? I don't know for sure, but I heard Yale mention that those who have been poisoned will be connected forever. It's indeed strange. Every time His Majesty falls sick, the time and the symptoms of his illness match Your Highness'. It's as if you and your father share the same illness. The same illness? No, not just that. We are living the same fate. Tie me up when I sleep from now on. When did it first start? Is there a record of it? Around 18 years ago. Your Highness, do you remember something? I believe that my mother would never poison someone out of jealousy. If Yale poisoned someone, there must've been a good reason for it. If you're poisoned, how do you cure it? It's the secret of the sorceress. Nobody knows. All right. I'll go investigate. Ambassador Zhanbi, I came to see you just to let you know this. If my mother saw you as family, I will do whatever I can to get you out of here. Your Highness, don't risk anything for me. Of course, I know that. You gentleman next door, you're not hungry, are you? Do me a favor, and give me your food. You're not having it. It's been sitting there forever. It'll go bad. -It's a waste of food. -Shut up. In your dreams. That's from Prince of Chu. Even I can't have it. Eat your own food. I need to clean up soon. Guard, please come here. Sir, what do you need? The man next door is right. I'm not hungry. Yet I don't want to waste food. Please, give him the food. -Really? -Really. He's a lucky fellow. Thank you, sir. This is a good deed you're doing. Enjoy. It's done. Hurry. Send the coroner. What happened? Minister Peng, this man is dead. He was just eating seconds ago. Shut down the prison. Interrogate everyone here. Yes, my lord. But they're from Prince of Chu's residence. I know you two didn't do it, but to prevent people from gossiping and causing trouble for Prince of Chu, please cooperate with me and go through the process. Prince of Yan, nice try there. Too bad I have such a kind heart. It's unfortunate that you're using your cruel and calculating tricks on this useless life of mine. -What a waste. -You're too humble. Your life is very valuable. Ning Sheng, stop beating around the bush. If you want my life, just take it. I'm just giving you a piece of advice. Don't hurt the innocent. It'll just give you bad karma. Ambassador Zhanbi. I just want to keep you in here for a few days. Who said I wanted to take your life? Like when you were a spy for Dayue, they were just borrowing you for a while. Why would I need to kill you? You're valuable only when you're alive. If it weren't for you, we wouldn't have been able to get rid of Consort Yan, considering how much the Emperor loved her. You're finally admitting to your crimes! Shameless! Karma will get the Chang family in the end. Ambassador Zhanbi, don't be mad. Getting mad will only affect your health. I'm just going to tell you that as long as I can get rid of Ning Yi, no matter what shameless things I need to do, I'll do them. What are you going to do to him? Nothing. Really, nothing. The things I want to do have already been done. I came here today just to see if you, my greatest weapon, are still alive and well. My brother, Ning Yi, is even more loyal than his mother. So, I need to make sure that you can live until Ning Yi pays the price and rescues you from this prison. Otherwise, the plans I've made over the past few days will all go to waste. I came to see you just to let you know this. I will do whatever I can to get you out of here. I won't let you do that. It's all right. I'm very close to Ning Yi. I know what he worries about, what he thinks about. I've already arranged everything. Look. Nobody will stop him. As for you, Consort Yan died because of you. Father would love to skin you alive. Whoever dares help you escape, Father will help me kill him. Yes, kill him. Ning Yi must die. Yale has another son, Ning Yi, under my control. He should do what is asked of him instead of being ungrateful that Yale saved his life. Your Highness. Why waste your time talking to a pawn? You should leave. My heart's wish is about to be fulfilled. I'm very happy. I need to talk to him about it. If not this pawn, who will appreciate my brilliant plan? Ning Sheng. I won't let you do it. Are you feeling confident? Didn't I tell you? What we call "emotions" can hurt and kill people. CHENGMING PALACE What? Zhanbi is dead? How is that possible? Someone must have killed him. Your Majesty, you must deal with this. Why did he do it? How did he do it? Have you investigated it? It seems like he hanged himself. He's a prestigious ambassador, yet he ended up in prison. He must have felt so embarrassed that he decided to commit suicide. Prince of Chu, the Ministry of Justice did not do a good job. I'm ordering you to take care of the rest. Yes, Your Majesty. If Your Majesty does not find out the truth behind Zhanbi's death, I will be leaving. I'll go back to Jinshi and tell Father. Prince Helian, did Zhanbi have any enemies in the capital? Why did he go to Qinglong Temple and kill one of the servants, Yu Xiu, there? Poor Zhanbi. This was the first time he came here with me. And now he's dead! He probably didn't even know which powerful person he offended. Zhanbi is still waiting for me in prison. That Yu Xiu... Ask his master about it! Father, this is a serious issue. It will probably even involve royal affairs. I would like to ask Prince Helian to leave this palace. Don't you dare kick me out. This concerns the relations of our kingdoms. If I don't get to the bottom of it, what will I tell my father when I get back? Your Majesty. This is a major issue. It will take a long time to process. Grand Secretary Yao is old. Official Hu is weak. We've all been standing here for a long time. Could we perhaps have some tea? I'll allow it. Go order the servants. Thank you, Your Majesty. Don't worry. I'm not trying to kill him now. I'm just trying to play a trick on him. Or I won't be able to calm down. Ning Sheng, talk. Father, what I reported to you today is actually closely related to an old case in the past. Ambassador Zhanbibi killed Yu Xiu in Qinglong Temple and then hanged himself in prison. All his actions aim at protecting one person, one secret. Who is it? What is it? If you lie about this, I will punish you severely. Zhanbi killed Yu Xiu because Yu Xiu found out that Prince of Chu set up a memorial tablet for Consort Yan. By doing this, Prince of Chu has violated the law. He hanged himself because I went to see him at midnight. I wanted to know how Zhanbi was related to Prince of Chu. Father, Zhanbi paid a lot of money to bribe the guards into giving this to Prince of Chu. He said that if Prince of Chu is in danger, he can bring this object to Jinshi. Why was he so worried about Prince of Chu's safety? He did all this because he needed to cover up the father-son relationship between him and Prince of Chu. You... What is he talking about? Father. Yes. How could this be? I can't believe it. Do you have proof that Ning Yi is not my son? Father, rumor has it that when a man of the Riluo Tribe turns 18, a blood-colored tribe symbol will appear on his skin. Whom did you just meet with? Is there anything interesting that you want to share with me? Prince of Chu, maybe you should answer Father's question yourself. Your Majesty. This has to do with the royal bloodline. You must deal with the matter cautiously. Your Majesty, I propose that Prince of Chu show his skin, so we can verify this. Prince of Chu, please show his skin so we can verify this. Please, Your Majesty. -Please, Your Majesty. -Please, Your Majesty. Father. If you really want me, your son, to take off my outer clothes in front of all the officials in this palace, I... I will do as you ask. Father. Very wise, Your Majesty. -This... -This... -This... -This... -It's real. -Who would have guessed? Father... Father... -I... -Prince of Chu... Zhao Yuan. Yes, Your Majesty. Have Gu Yan run to the prison. Yes, Your Majesty. Your Majesty, the body of Zhanbi did have the same marks. I will leave now. Father, it is clear now that the death of Zhanbi might not have been suicide. We need to find out if Ning Yi already knew Zhanbi had the same marks. Your Majesty, I believe that even if Prince of Chu was ashamed of his identity and wanted to cover it up, he shouldn't have done something this extreme. I hope that Prince Helian will understand and not let this incident get in the way of the relations between our kingdoms. This has to do with the Tiansheng royal family. It's true that I shouldn't say more. But Zhanbi was appointed by my father himself. So, Prince of Chu, please give me an explanation, so that I can report to him. Your Majesty. I wonder why I have the same marks. This incident is ridiculous. How could I be brothers with His Highness? Your Majesty, I have the same marks. Please, everyone, take a look at your arms. -What... -What's happening? Your Majesty, I have the marks, too. What's going on? This is so weird. Ning Sheng. What are you doing? Father. Father. Father. Father. Father. How is this possible? His Majesty is tired. After this Court is dismissed, Scholar Wei and the other officials will meet His Majesty in Fengyun Palace. Court dismissed. I was going to gain utmost power and leave you behind in the dust. Yet, the blood marks showed, and we will go down together. Noble Consort Chang, just now in the palace, Prince of Yan and Prince of Chu got into an argument. His Majesty was furious and asked a few officials to meet in Fengyun Palace. We will go there now. Chief Gu. His Majesty would like you both to stay calm. Even though you weren't able to get rid of him today, you embarrassed him in front of all the officials. Ning Yi won't forgive you for that. You must weigh your options now. Why did you ask for tea? I just wanted to ease the tension. Your Highness, it's easy to make enemies, but hard to make peace. You should keep His Majesty in mind, Your Highness. FENGYUN PALACE Prince of Chu. Prince of Chu. Ning Yi. -Noble Consort Chang. -Noble Consort Chang. Greetings, Noble Consort Chang. How dare you threaten me? What don't I dare do? I might not be able to choose my own fate, but I will decide how I die. I'm ready. Is Ning Sheng ready? Noble Consort Chang. Prince of Chu. His Majesty wants to see you. Noble Consort Chang came here in a rush. She can go before me. His Majesty said, -I can't-- -I do have an urgent matter. Please announce my arrival. Of course. Just a moment. Let me announce your arrival. Should I call you Prince of Yan? Or can I continue to call you my brother? It is Father who will decide the right and wrong. As for who you are, you know better than anyone. Ning Sheng, that's interesting. Who am I? I'm Ning Yi. I'm Prince of Chu. My mother died wrongfully. Ning Qiao was framed and killed. I had to take off my outer clothes in front of all the officials. No matter when or where, I'll make you pay for everything. Wait and see. Ning Yi. I'm actually very concerned about you. Remember that. His Majesty is here. -Father. -Your Majesty. Father. How humiliating... I was humiliated today. Father was also humiliated. The whole royal family was humiliated. Father. Prince of Yan, tell me. What actually happened today? Father, I got too concerned. I was tricked. -I listened to rumors and-- -Concerned? Rumors? Father. Ning Sheng went to the palace prepared. He knew that I had those marks on my arm. He knew that Zhanbi would hang himself. Could it be that the soup I had for my hangover was also poisoned by you? Ning Yi, why are you accusing me? I haven't feasted with you lately. I haven't visited you either. How could I have poisoned you? Father, please be discerning. Subtitle translation by Sophie Chang Subtitles downloaded with "Netflix subtitle downloader" UserScript by Tithen-Firion. Subtitles downloaded with "Netflix subtitle downloader" UserScript by Tithen-Firion. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 