The Rise of Phoenixes: Season 1, Episode 56 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Rise of Phoenixes 
 s1e56 - Episode #1.56 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Rise of Phoenixes (2018): Season 1, Episode 56 - Episode #1.56 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES ADAPTED FROM TIANXIA GUIYUAN'S NOVEL HUANG QUAN EPISODE 56 I feel like I've known you for a long time. What's your name? -Liu Meiduo. -Meiduo? You're the Queen Dowager's sister. Why? Has he mentioned me to you before? Is Prince Helian the "he" you're referring to? Sorry to keep you waiting. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I don't know why Helian Tu keeps crying. Please forgive me, Your Highness. No worries. I was having a good chat with your sister. Meiduo is still a little girl. I hope she didn't offend Your Highness. Meiduo, you may leave now. I enjoyed meeting her very much. When Prince Helian and I get married, we will be family. Meiduo just asked me about Prince Helian. Meiduo, did you hear that? Helian Zheng has chosen his wife. You're an unmarried maiden. How dare you ask about someone else's husband? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Leave now. Your Highness, this way, please. Jinshi is a small nation, unlike Tiansheng. You've married far from home. How are you adjusting? Thank you for asking, Queen Dowager. I just feel kind of lonely. Jinshi is not Tiansheng, after all. I don't have many friends here. By the way, your sister, Meiduo, is about the same age as I am. Could you allow me to become friends with her? Your Highness. My sister is very straightforward. She hasn't seen much of the world. She wouldn't be a good friend for you. Your Majesty. Your Majesty, be good. Calm down now. Your Highness, Helian Tu is crying again. I'll go take a look. Please carry on with your day. Did you meet the Queen Dowager? What do you think? Is anything strange going on? Just the usual pleasantries. But I met someone interesting. Someone interesting? Liu Meiduo. -Are you involved with her? -No. You don't want to tell me. We have nothing to do with each other. It's a long story. You are very handsome and dashing, Your Highness. It's normal for girls to admire you. Why would I be concerned about what other girls think? I only care about what you think. That's what she said. What else did she say? You'll have to ask her yourself. You want me to go to her now? The urgent task right now is to find out how my father died. That's how I can gain the power to defeat Helian Lie. I can't let Jinshi fall into the hands of someone like that. Then the more reason for you to find time to meet with Liu Meiduo. -Why? -Because the Queen Dowager does not want us to talk to her. You've been back in the capital for a while now. Have you heard of the underground slave market here? There is such a thing here? I thought only the uncivilized areas near the border had them. Why are you mentioning this? Your Highness, do you remember the two tasks you gave me? I didn't find anyone suitable for the first task. As for the second one, someone came knocking on our door. Tell me. The underground slave market is controlled by an organization called Huofeng Gang. In the past, they worked with Ning Sheng, which is why they were protected. Now, without someone in the palace supporting them, they are not doing well. No wonder Ning Sheng has so much wealth. He has connections inside and outside of the palace. Yesterday, they sent a messenger, saying they want to follow you. I'll have to go check it out myself. I'll make a decision thereafter. Mother. Don't leave me here, Mother. Your Highness, this way, please. Please. Yueling pays respect to Your Highness. Is this how you show your sincerity? I do not work with those who cover their faces. This scent of fragrance on you is quite mesmerizing. Prince of Wei. Now that you've seen the slave market yourself, do you feel more assured? We have worked with Prince of Yan for years. If you agree to protect us, I will give you what we gave him as well as an additional 20 percent. Money isn't the main issue here. What I want to know is what Huofeng Gang can really do for me. If we receive Prince of Wei's protection, we will follow your every order. Then, you'll see what we can do. Very well. I'll do it. I look forward to working with you, Yueling. Escort Prince of Wei out. Yes, my lady. What's your name? My name is Sun Hong, Your Highness. Please lead the way, then. Thank you, Your Highness. He seems to be especially interested in you. And he knows he'll have you. Tonight, no matter what happens, don't have any guards protect me. Let go! Let go of me! Prince of Wei. We reached an agreement during the day at the slave market. You promised to protect Huofeng Gang. But at night, you drag me all the way here. What do you want? Didn't I tell you? I look forward to working together with you. -What kind of work? -I can't let you know yet. If that's the case, I do not want to know. Yueling. First, you ambushed me. Now, you're unwilling to say how we're going to work together. I'm a merchant. This deal we have must be dangerous. I'm not doing it. Please forgive me, Your Highness. If you dare step out of these doors, I'll make sure that the slave market won't open tomorrow morning. -Are you threatening me? -So what if I am? You're just a small gang. It's just an underground market. Compared to my power, you're just as fragile as ants. With a clap of my hands, you'll be scattered into pieces. Come here. Closer. This fragrance is truly wonderful. Don't worry. I'm not a lustful man. Do you know why your fragrance is so special? My wet nurse was a prisoner from Riluo Tribe of Dayue. She was a fragrance expert. When I was young, I learned some from her. Fragrances from Riluo Tribe. That's it. The person you wish to see is here, Your Highness. But because of the rules, you can talk to him only in here. That's all right. I'm just here to give him a message. Si Xian, come closer. Someone's here to visit you. Who are you? If you can execute Helian Zheng during this trip, I'll send an army to protect Jinshi immediately. I won't allow Dayue to invade it. After you kill Helian Zheng, I'll give Lingying to you personally. Zhanbi was a good friend of mine. When I gave him this jade trinket, I did say that whoever has this trinket would receive the help of the Si family. Yet, you are too late. I am now on the verge of dying. I have no power to fulfill the promise. I don't have anything to ask of you. Then why are you here? You're about to die, yet you're at peace with it. I admire that very much. Yet, far away from here, someone is in pain because of this. I couldn't bear it, so I came to see you. Guard. Master Si, drink this antidote. Pour him some wine. Thank you so much. -I'll drink to you. -I can't drink it. If I do, I'll be walking alongside the devils. Poisoned? Zhiwei, listen to me. Your Highness, I was about to go see you. Did you know that Ning Yi was poisoned? What happened? Could it be Helian Lie? I need to figure out what happened. You said he was poisoned. But with his cleverness, the only person who could poison him is himself. Zhiwei, there must be something going on. He was poisoned in the Jinshi death row prison, and the head of the Si family, Si Xian, escaped. Why would he go there and get involved with the Si family? Zhiwei. If you're worried about him, go see him. Even though we're engaged, right now in Jinshi, I, Helian Zheng, am already a joke to the people. I'll just give them another reason to laugh at me. Your Highness. Did the ambassador, Zhanbi, who accompanied you to Tiansheng, have anything to do with the Si family? He might have. -Why do you ask? -When Ning Sheng framed Ning Yi, he mentioned that Zhanbi gave Ning Yi a trinket before he died. Zhanbi paid a lot of money to bribe the guards into giving this to Prince of Chu. He said that if Prince of Chu is in danger, he can bring this object to Jinshi. If Ning Yi was poisoned according to his own plans, it may have been to help Si Xian escape. It's probably to help you and me. This is Jinshi, not Tiansheng. I don't need Prince of Chu's help. Also, Si Xian was thrown into prison on my father's orders. How could he let him out like that? Your Highness. I overstepped my bounds just now. I'll keep my new status in mind and not do anything that would embarrass you. Please forgive me. Now, we have to find out what Ning Yi has to do with the Si family. Nanyi, you'll have to do it. You want me to go see Si Yinle again? Nanyi. Fine. But she's a liar. If I don't get anything, it's not my fault. Zhiwei. I want to ask you something. Your Highness. Liu Meiduo wishes to see you. Meiduo. Meiduo. Meiduo. You've been gone for so long. Did you miss me? Did you come here to tell me something important? Does it have to do with the death of my father? You haven't answered me. Did you miss me? Meiduo. I did. I missed you, and the Queen Dowager, and my brother, Helian Tu. I missed you all. Just say you missed me. Why mention all those other people? Meiduo. You know that Jinshi is in danger now. Let's not waste any more time. People will be suspicious. Tell me, why did you ask for me? Also, how did Father fall ill and pass away? You want to know all that? Embrace me. What? It's not like you haven't embraced me before. Could it be that you're marrying that Princess of Tiansheng and abandoning me? -Don't you love me anymore? -I never did anything to you. Back then, I found out Si Yinlun almost forced himself upon you. You were going to kill yourself and you were crying. That's why I didn't reject you. All I wanted to do was console you. Don't accuse me of doing anything else. Accuse you? You said that you liked me. I still remember. You embraced me. It felt like yesterday. Now you're saying I accuse you? We've known each other for years. How could I let you kill yourself back then? If you don't want me to die, it means you have feelings for me. Meiduo. In the past, I might have thought so as well. But now, I'm really in love with someone else. Now, I understand that the feeling of pity and the feeling of love are completely different. You're in love with someone? Who is it? It was my fault that you misunderstood. But now, I'm about to marry the woman I love. I don't want to waste your time. Meiduo, forgive me. Rulers always have multiple women in their lives. -I don't care. -But I do. You care about her more than Jinshi? More than finding out how your father died? Tell me. Was my father killed by someone? Was it Helian Lie? Was it? Embrace me. Then I'll tell you. I'll give you one last chance. Embrace me, and you'll know how your father died. Embrace me, and you can become the King of Jinshi. There are some things a noble man will never do. I won't do anything that will hurt Feng Zhiwei regardless of the reason. Remember that. Feng Zhiwei... I have something to discuss with you, Father. What is it? The Chang family has been defeated and their followers were punished, but we don't know what to do with Zhou Xizhong. I believe that Zhou Xizhong was forced to follow orders. Please consider that, Father. Find and retrieve the order to punish Zhou Xizhong. Zhou Xizhong is a loyal official who cares about the people. I know he was just threatened by the Chang family. You are truly benevolent, Father. You love your people as well. I am sure Zhou Xizhong will be grateful for your benevolence. Lately, the Court officials have been complimenting you for being very organized. I'm very glad. Among all my children, only you and Ning Yi can be of some help. But Ning Yi is in Jinshi right now. I don't know how he is doing. I heard that the Jinshi coronation ceremony was canceled because of Ning Yi. But Princess Shengying is trying very hard to help Helian Zheng become a king. I'm worried that she'd do something irrational and get into a fight with Ning Yi. I thought I'd let them keep each other entertained. Ning Yi has been doing well this time. That's surprising to me. Very well. He's far away now. Even if he pulled his little tricks, I wouldn't know. Very wise, Father. I'll take my leave. -How does it taste, Your Majesty? -It's hot. You're looking for... -Zhao Yuan. -Yes, Your Majesty. Where's my perfume case? Perfume case? How will I sleep without it? Your Majesty. I'll send someone to find it. Go. Even if it's buried three feet under, dig it out. Yes, Your Majesty. This fragrance is of the highest quality. Its ingredients are very complicated, as if it's hiding something. The case is quite exquisite. It probably isn't something ordinary. You surely are a beautiful and clever woman. If you join the Imperial Harem, I'm sure you'd be loved and doted upon. The Imperial Harem? What does Your Highness mean? Didn't I tell you? I'll let you know when it's time. First, tell me. Is there a way to make this fragrance? This scent is very familiar. -I can try. -Thank you. You and your father are reunited. Are you satisfied? Are you happy now? This can prove how much Prince of Chu values our family. I want to use your position to get my father, Si Xian, out of prison. A prison break? You have to prove to me that our friendship is worth risking the Si family's lives for. What do you think? -Isn't it fair? -It is. And in return? I'm just curious. You are a prince. Why would you poison yourself? I don't think the Jinshi prison would dare lock Your Highness up, would they? I suppose you are quite curious. Those three years in the temple must have been very lonely for you. Give me the names of the assassin and spy. Why would you poison yourself? I need to get something done, so I have to make compromises. Your next step requires the Si family's assassins. What will you give me in return? Do you really think you can get it all? Father, are you all right? Father. Should we call for the imperial doctor? Forgive me, Your Majesty. I haven't taught the servants well enough. That's why the security in Fengyun Palace has been lax. Please punish me, Your Majesty. Go. Get all the servants in the palace to the execution grounds! We'll see if anyone can tell us where the perfume case is. Your Majesty, forgive me. Your Majesty shouldn't do that. You've been a lenient ruler. All your servants are loyal to you. Please don't execute them, Your Majesty. Zhao Yuan! How dare you disobey me? -I wouldn't dare-- -Guards! Take him away, 30 strokes! Father, please calm down. Official Zhao has served you for over 30 years. He is very loyal and serves you with all his heart. He has never let you down before. I think that this must be an unintentional mistake. Please forgive Official Zhao. Give him a chance to make up for it. Prince of Wei, you don't have to put in good words for me. I let His Majesty down. This is all my fault. Father. Father, if you trust me, I'm willing to help Official Zhao investigate the matter. We will find your perfume case as soon as possible. Please, Father. Father. If you don't have Official Zhao by your side to take care of you, I'll be worried about your health. I won't be able to sleep. Think about it. Apart from Official Zhao, who else can make you feel so assured? Your Majesty, this is all my fault. I'm willing to be punished. Get out. All of you. I will leave now, Father. Thank you, Prince of Wei. You persuaded His Majesty to let me live a while longer. That's exaggerating. While I was away from the capital, you took care of my mother. I'm the one who should thank you. -Not at all, Your Highness. -But... It's just a perfume case. Why is Father so mad? Even you, his most trusted official, almost lost your life. It would be fine if it was just an ordinary perfume case. But this perfume case... It's different. How about we find someone to make the same one? What's so difficult about it? No one in Tiansheng can make the same perfume case. Is that perfume case so rare? I don't know if I should tell you this, but the case itself isn't precious. It's the fragrance. It's very rare. It was made by a sorceress from Riluo Tribe of Dayue. But the tribe has been wiped out. Tell me. Where can I find someone who could make it? I know someone who makes fragrances. Her fragrance is very special, so I asked her to make some for my mother. Would you like to see her sometime? If we can find a fragrance similar to Father's, I'm sure he would be very happy. -You can make things right. -That's wonderful. Thank you, Your Highness. I'll give it a try. Please, Your Highness. We found Si Yinlun's spy in Helian Lie's residence. Jinshi's Tiger Token. Good. Your Highness. He's a crazy man. Are we really going to work with him? If anything goes wrong, it'll affect the relations between Jinshi and Tiansheng. As long as I get what I need, I will strike a deal with any crazy man, even the devil. The problem is, how can I fulfill Si Yinlun's requests and also save the lives of those two? They're almost identical. Very good. About the other matter, have you considered it? I've always been a free woman. To join the Imperial Harem and receive adoration sounds terrifying to me. I'm worried I'd disappoint you. I am never wrong about these things. As long as you can make this fragrance, Father will surely dote upon you. Is this fragrance special to His Majesty in some way? I'm not very sure about the details, but it helps calm his nerves. He never goes without it. It must have powers we do not know of. This fragrance seems to have one more ingredient than the fragrance I made. But I'd have to meet the fragrance maker to find out what it is. Unfortunately, that is impossible. That's why your skill is so precious. Your Highness, I've told Official Zhao about the fragrance maker. I've paved the road. It's all on you now. Don't let anything slip. What if we let Official Zhao give the fragrance I made to His Majesty? I won't have to join the Imperial Harem, right? The perfume case is just an object. A fragrance maker who can continue making fragrances is what His Majesty needs. With Father's personality, the more you keep it away from him, the more he will want it. Tomorrow, ask Official Zhao to come to my residence. Yes, Your Highness. Kill Feng Zhiwei. What a coincidence. I received a secret order from the Emperor of Tiansheng telling me to kill Ning Yi. I guess Tiansheng doesn't really want to help Helian Zheng. If that's the case, follow my orders. We'll get rid of those two and bring peace to this world. All right. But promise me, don't hurt Helian Zheng. Or else, I will tell everyone how you killed the King. He's like a loose kite. Do you think he'll come back to you? That's my business, not yours. What we need to do now is get rid of those people from Tiansheng. This is a huge task. We must work together. If you act like this, how can I trust you? Just trust that I want Feng Zhiwei dead. All right. I am his uncle, after all. I shouldn't be petty with my nephew. If you get rid of Ning Yi and Feng Zhiwei, I'll let Helian Zheng live. I'll tell him to take you away and start a new life. Deal. It's this scent. Now I can finally stop worrying. With this... With such a good son by his side, His Majesty is really fortunate. You're too kind, Official Zhao. Making Father happy is my duty. Don't worry, Official Zhao. I've ordered the fragrance maker to make more of it. If Father needs any more, you can send someone here to get some. Prince of Wei, I have a favor to ask of you. Could we have the fragrance maker follow me into the palace to meet His Majesty? Or does Your Highness not want to share? Why would you say that? If Father needs something, I'll give him anything he wants. But... I'll just tell you the truth. I grew up by the border, so I'm not familiar with the rules in the palace. But since I came back, I understood. Anyone who goes to the palace from a prince's residence will be doubted. I don't want to cause trouble for myself. Nor do I want to create more gossip in the palace. Your Highness, I understand what you're worried about. But this is the same scent. If you don't let me bring the fragrance maker to the palace, I'm worried that when His Majesty smells this, he'd want to meet the person who made it. Official Zhao. I don't want any reward. I just want to stay out of trouble. I understand. How about Your Highness let me take the reward then? It has always been your deed from the start. Thank you, Your Highness. You're dismissed! Your Majesty. What is this? Your Majesty, I found this perfume case from a fragrance shop outside the palace. -Please smell it. -Take it away! Your Majesty. Forgive me for smelling it, but this scent is very similar to the one you had. You can punish me if I'm not telling the truth. Your Majesty. Subtitle translation by Sophie Chang Subtitles downloaded with "Netflix subtitle downloader" UserScript by Tithen-Firion. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 