The Rise of Phoenixes: Season 1, Episode 39 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Rise of Phoenixes 
 s1e39 - Episode #1.39 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Rise of Phoenixes (2018): Season 1, Episode 39 - Episode #1.39 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES ADAPTED FROM TIANXIA GUIYUAN'S NOVEL HUANG QUAN EPISODE 39 I can't even describe our relationship. Let's not talk about the future yet. You don't need to describe it. Let me tell you now. Both of you are a bad match. All right. Since you really like her, this is what we'll do. While she's guarding the golden box, you and I will burn it, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 so His Majesty will remove her from the palace. You've already sent her to Qingming Academy anyway. Why? You're worried? Can't you see I'm doing it for her own good? Of course, I'm mainly doing it for you. The government is very dangerous now. If you're not careful, and they get something on you, -it'll be bad for you. -I'm worried about her too. Yes. Then worse comes to worst, the mother of your children will die. Isn't it over then? Ziyan. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I don't care what you will do in the future. If it involves Feng Zhiwei, you must discuss it with me. All right? All right. Promise? Promise. You still have to act like a filial son. Prince of Yan, please. Prince of Yan, please. Drop the formalities, Director Wei. Thank you, Your Highness. I saw how much you were in pain, and I was worried. So I specially asked Imperial Doctor Zhang to come and check on you. Your Highness is so considerate. I'm truly grateful. I'm much better now. Your Highness. Director Wei took some medication earlier. He's feeling much better. Yes. Director Wei, why are you being so reserved? You can't treat an arrow wound lightly. It must be cured fully. Otherwise, you will become a crippled director. That won't look good, right? Your Highness is right. Director Wei's wound was caused by an arrow. I'm afraid it won't be fully cured by just taking medication. I'm good with acupuncture. It would be better if I perform it for Director Wei. Director Wei. Director Wei, they're having a fight in the lecture hall. Princess Shaoning is... Please go and take a look. I'll be right there. Your Highness. I received orders to supervise Qingming Academy. I have to go there. I really appreciate your concern. Why are you so reserved? Shaoning is also in the academy. I'll go with you. Since you don't want to be treated, I'll go ahead. Huaishi. Shouldn't you help the doctor with his things? I shall. Director Wei, be careful. -I'm fine. I can walk by myself. -Come on. Director Wei. No matter what the situation may be, please understand my sister. Since Father's been sick, my sister has been a bit irritable. Your Highness. Is His Majesty feeling better? I wanted to visit His Majesty in the palace, but the golden box is here. I don't dare neglect it even for a moment. Prince of Yan. Would you please send my regards to His Majesty? I'm afraid Father may not recover soon. But I'll send him your regards. It's just that keeping the golden box in Qingming Academy is really a bit... Maybe Father's order has another meaning to it. Director Wei, be careful. Your Highness, since you brought it up, I'll be frank. It's really inappropriate indeed. Even though Qingming Academy is a royal institution, it doesn't have many guards. I must sleep with the golden box in my arms every night. I'm really stressed. I'm hoping His Majesty will take back his order. If not, I can bring the golden box and guard it at the palace. That's... That's much safer than keeping it here. That's right. Why don't I go to the palace tomorrow and suggest this to His Majesty? Would you please help me convince him? I'm willing to help. But Father must avoid stress right now, so you need to endure it a little bit more. All right. I'm fine. Imperial Doctor Zhang, let me do it. Don't touch it. Every golden needle has its proper position. Please. Stop. Let me say something. Princess Shaoning said I can go ahead and do it. Fine. I get it. It's not like we can't afford to lose. But you've lost, yet you're not giving us the money, Princess Shaoning. Aren't you cheating your classmates? -Indeed. -That's right. I never bring money when I'm out of the palace. This fish amulet was created by the royal family. His Majesty gave it to me. Take it if you dare! What's the meaning of this? If we take that fish amulet, aren't we taking a hot potato? Princess Shaoning. Play if you have money. Otherwise, just sit and watch. Yao Yangyu, you're bullying me! You're the one bullying me. -I won. Where's the money? -Shaoning! People like Your Highness... My dear sister. What mess did you get into in my momentary absence? -Shouldn't you go back to your study room? -Ning Sheng. Look at these sons of officials. They're bullying the royal princess and even putting the blame on me. I'll go back to the palace and tell Father. -Does she need to go that far? -That's right. What were you trying to do? Well, I saw bags under your eyes. You must not get enough sleep. I want to treat you. Liar. He's an imperial doctor. Don't cause Wei Zhi any trouble. -There's a secret in this room. -Yiyi. You. Out. Yao Yangyu. Yes, Your Highness. You should mind your manners. Where do you get the guts to ask the Princess for money? Don't be mad, Prince of Yan. Forgive us, Princess. -Forgive us, Princess. -Forgive us, Princess. Don't be mad, Prince of Yan. Forgive us, Princess. Don't be mad. -I've already told them off. -We'll get her back another day. Yao Yangyu, Ni Wenyu. You gathered students here for gambling, offended the Princess and violated school rules. You're grounded for three days to reflect on your actions. Yes, Director Wei. -Yes, Director Wei. -Yes, Director Wei. Director, please don't be mad. I didn't discipline her well. That's why Shaoning is so spoiled. Please don't punish these students. Yao Yangyu. Yes, Director Wei. Do you think it's wrong for me to punish you? Director Wei. No. Your Highnesses don't need to worry. These students will reflect on what they've done. -Guards. -Yes! Bring them to the detention room. -Yes! -Yes! Take care, Your Highnesses. Huaishi. I'm afraid you have to go yourself. Your Highness. Imperial Doctor Zhang. Did you succeed? They kept a close watch. But that Gu guy said it himself. There's a secret in Director Wei's room. That secret must be that golden box. Ning Sheng. We originally planned to look at the golden box amidst the chaos, but Wei Zhi locked up those students. What should we do? What happened to the other object? Don't worry, Your Highness. I've already placed it. Yan Huaishi, who works for Qingming's Director Wei, pays respect to Prince of Chu. You came here so late. Is it urgent news from Director Wei? Director Wei asked me to give this object personally to Your Highness. That's all. Since there's nothing urgent, you may go. I'm also tired. Your Highness. Please. I'll take my leave. Your Highness. What kind of game are you playing? She's telling me that if I don't help her this time, we'll be strangers from now on. So what? You're not that close anyway. That's right. You have a point. Stop. The Ministry of Justice is investigating an imperial case. Anyone who stops us will be punished severely. You're looking for me? Nanyi. Do you still remember what I said to you the other day? You're only safe if it's safe. Take it. Put it in your room. Nanyi. Listen to me. I can only be safe if the golden box is kept well. Thank you, Nanyi. -Supervisor Yan. -Why are you in such a hurry? The Ministry of Justice surrounded the academy and said that they're investigating an imperial case. -The Ministry of Justice? -Yes. -All right, I'll tell Director Wei. -Yes. Nanyi. Stay here to watch over it. Only stop them. Don't hurt anyone. I won't. That's what happened. Yao Yangyu and his friends must be mad and stole the fish amulet to take revenge on me. Your Highness, don't cry. I'll find the fish amulet for you. Don't worry, Your Highness. How can I not worry? That fish amulet was given to me by Father. Whoever has it has access to the palace and the guards. The palace will be in danger. Father will be very angry. Your Highness. Minister Peng. Where's Prince of Yan? He said I must have misplaced it. He's looking for it in my study room. Don't be anxious, Princess Shaoning. Maybe Prince of Yan already found it. Wei Zhi. You're the director chosen by Father himself. How can you cover up for them? Director Wei. Her Highness has a point. If this object is lost, I'm afraid it would cause endless harm. Please cooperate with us. I want to go and search the Qingming Academy. Search the academy? Minister Peng, you might not be aware. I locked the students in the detention room last night. Who could have stolen it? Is everyone present last night all in the detention room? Aside from me and my two assistants, all the students are in the detention room. Could it be that you suspect me of stealing that fish amulet? No. How would I dare suspect you? It's just that they say, "A wise man won't stand beside a dangerous wall." To avoid suspicion, you should let me check your room too. What do you think? Minister Peng. Let's set aside the fact that the presence of the golden box in my room makes it off limits. Even if it weren't there, you'd be searching the residence of a level-four official without proof. Do you have His Majesty's order? You have a point. Then I can at least take a look in your assistants' quarters, right? Assistants are considered the same as their masters. If I let you insult them today, isn't that the same as insulting me? Director Wei. I'm playing nice because you and I are both government officials, but you fail to understand my intentions. I have my duties. Forgive my impudence. You... Let's go. -Yao Yangyu. -Ni Wenyu? How did you get in? I have my ways. This is good. I need to have one too, so that I won't be locked up again. Let me see it. Stop it. I have something important to tell you. They're fighting outside. I need your advice. They're fighting? Who's fighting with whom? The Ministry of Justice surrounded the academy. They said Director Wei stole the fish amulet. They're trying to arrest him now. Really? The Princess' fish amulet? That wench. She must've vented her anger to Director Wei because of me. She dares mess with my territory. Let's go and take care of them! -Let's go! -Let's go! Your Majesty. Prince of Chu sent Wu Ying to deliver a letter. Please read it. Prince of Chu sent a great medication. It would be really useful to me. Zhao Yuan. Yes, Your Majesty. Pass on my message. Ning Yi is very filial. The medication he recommended makes me feel better. Yes, Your Majesty. TO FATHER How bold! Who dares trespass in Director Wei's courtyard? -Move! -Move! Director Wei! Protect Director Wei! Nanyi, help me! Ning Yi? Ning Sheng. Why are you here? Why are you here? I can't help it. Shaoning lost the fish amulet. I'm afraid Father would be mad. I'm helping her find it. What a serious matter. That's why Peng Pei rounded up so many people to come to Qingming. I'll help you look for it. Thank you, Ning Yi. Ning Yi. You haven't told me yet why you're here. I'm worried about the golden box, of course. Wei Zhi is cunning. If he is talked into changing the contents, we will be in deep trouble. Ning Yi. The fish amulet really was in Wei Zhi's room. Look. This Wei Zhi is a custodian turned thief. I must investigate what his real intentions are. Ning Yi. This might be a misunderstanding. Ning Yi. Ning Qing, Ning Zhuo. Yes, Your Highness. Bring my personal guards and guard Wei Zhi's room. Nobody is allowed to go in without my orders. -Yes, Your Highness. -Yes, Your Highness. -Ning Cheng. -Your Highness. Take Wei Zhi to the lecture hall. I want to interrogate him myself. Yes, Your Highness. Who am I that two princes and a minister would trouble themselves in framing me? It seems like I'm someone of importance. Director Wei. The Princess' fish amulet was found beside your cot. Tell me. Who and why would anyone frame you? Your Highness. Did you really lose your fish amulet? Wei Zhi. Of course I lost my fish amulet. Good question, Your Highness. I also want to know who and why? An innocent man may get into trouble because of what he possesses. Director Wei. You're the Ultimate Scholar. You can argue your way out of anything. But now, you've been caught red-handed. What else can you say for yourself? Caught? Red-handed? How funny. It's funny indeed. Your Highnesses should know better than I do why this fish amulet was in my room. Why did Your Highnesses trespass into my room though? Scholar Wei. Your words are a bit... I was worried my sister's fish amulet was lost and would bring trouble to Qingming. That's why I went into your room to search for it. By the way, when I went inside, Ning Yi was already in your room. You can ask him. Your Highness is also here because of the fish amulet? I have my reasons for going anywhere. It is all Tiansheng's land. Must I explain to a mere Director of Studies? Regarding the fish amulet, you have no choice but to admit it. -Guards. -Yes, Your Highness. Lock up this bold Wei Zhi in the detention room. -Detain him temporarily. -Right away. Please. Ning Yi. You and I are not done. Take him. He's mad. His bite is very strong. Even though my trip to Qingming Academy didn't allow me to check the golden box, it helped me figure out Father's thoughts clearly. Ning Yi. You haven't told me yet why you're here. I'm worried about the golden box, of course. Bring my personal guards and guard Wei Zhi's room. Nobody is allowed to go in without my orders. Your Highness. If the golden box really has his name in it, then not only are the officials who have always followed you in danger, but even... Even I will have the same fate as the former Crown Prince, Ning Chuan. Ning Sheng. You must think of something. If Father really... I don't want to lose any more relatives. Imperial Doctor Zhang. How's Father's condition? Your Highness. I secretly read His Majesty's medical records today. I'm afraid it does not look good. Aside from that... What? Aside from that, Prince of Chu recommended a good medication to His Majesty today. His Majesty was very pleased after looking at it. He complimented how filial Prince of Chu was. Ning Yi recommended a good medication? Have you seen the prescription? That's what's strange. His Majesty didn't let the royal infirmary handle this prescription. The situation is very unfavorable to us. Forgive me for being bold. Your Highness has kept a low profile and carefully handled things all these years. You must fight for the world instead of just waiting for it. Your Highness. "Only when a man leaves some things undone will he be capable of doing great things." I must leave some things undone now. Are you willing to follow me and fight for the world? I'm willing to follow you, Ning Sheng. We can't let Ning Yi become an emperor. We'll obey Your Highness' commands. -Vice Minister Xu. -Yes, Your Highness. Today, I promise you. The day we succeed is the day you reunite with your family. Thank you, Your Highness. I'll do everything I can. Shaoning. Return to Qingming Academy for now. Do everything according to plan. -Yes, Your Highness. -Yes, Your Highness. Imperial Doctor Zhang, please stay. Imperial Doctor Zhang. You've always been in charge of medicine in the royal infirmary. I'm sure you're familiar with substances that can take one's life, right? Checking all kinds of poison to prevent His Majesty from being killed is part of my job. Since Ning Yi recommended a good medication and Father likes him so much, then we should let Father enjoy the medication. What do you mean, Your Highness? Good medication... is bitter. Well... Do you still not understand what His Highness means? Well... I'll follow your order, Your Highness. Our success depends on this. Why are you here and not beside Zhiwei, protecting her? She's been locked up. -By whom? -Ning Yi. Should we save her? I know you're worried about Zhiwei. She's smart. How could she have been so easily captured? It must be part of a plan. You have to trust her. Trust that she can get out of it. That's enough. Go home. QINGLONG TEMPLE If the injustice against Mother can be cleared up, please let these fresh flowers never wilt. THE DECEASED MOTHER, YALE Thank you, Ziyan. Buddha must be moved by Your Highness' filial piety. Consort Yan's spirit shall rest in peace. I saved that person and hid him in this temple. Now, I have to trouble you. Will Ning Sheng discover it? Not yet. This person hasn't spoken in years. I had Ning Zhuo stay there and pretend to be him. It seems Ning Sheng has already lost interest in him. He kept him only to control his family. If there's no mistake on your side, we shouldn't have a problem for now. Don't worry, High Highness. I'm sure he's a key person. Leave the rest to me. THOSE CORRUPTING TIANSHENG ARE NEAR THE EMPEROR THE EMPEROR LIVES, YET HIS DESCENDANTS DIE What was your intention in sending this to me? I wanted to point you in the right direction. Right direction? When did you start serving yourself by using other people's secrets? I have an upright conscience. His Majesty would not kill me because of such a baseless note. Why do I need the right direction? Baseless? Then go home. Look. Since you came here personally, that means you have secrets. Don't be afraid. To err is human. Who doesn't have secrets? Let's confirm the handwriting on this note then. Others might not be able to tell, but you surely can. This is a note Master Wanjie wrote himself and the paper is new. I can still smell the scent of the ink. This is not an old note. You must want to know where I got this note. Don't be impatient. I know very clearly why you follow Prince of Yan. Because Prince of Yan took Master Wanjie hostage. And this master is your brother who became a monk many years ago. The most crucial thing is that this brother of yours wrote Overview of Dacheng back then, which the Emperor is displeased with. For your family, you have no choice but to succumb to Prince of Yan. Right? Since you know everything, you understand that I can only follow Prince of Yan. Erhua! Vice Minister Xu. Wanjie. I never thought I'd see you again in this life. Wanjie. Vice Minister Xu. Prince of Chu investigated for so long to find where the master was. But he has stopped talking for many years. Wanjie. Since my brother is in Prince of Chu's hands, tell me. What do you want me to do? I understand why you act like this, but you're mistaken about Prince of Chu. I asked you to come today to discuss a safe and suitable way of sending Master Wanjie away to retire in peace. I am at your disposal. Qirui. Save this courtesy for Prince of Chu. Regarding the fish amulet, you have no choice but to admit it. Guards. Lock up this bold Wei Zhi in the detention room. Detain him temporarily. If you can continue to keep your heart pure as it is now, maybe I'll be happy for you. Scholar Wei. Can I trust you? You've always been neutral, siding with no one. I hope you can help me. "Punish even the top officials, reward even the lowly." That's the only way to make Tiansheng strong and keep it from being invaded. REMEMBER WHAT YOU SAID WHEN YOU RETURNED? I remember. I'll cooperate with Your Highness' plans. I hope you can find the light in your heart. Shouldn't you go help out? A thief got into Director Wei's courtyard. Yes, Your Highness. Your Highness. Did someone really sneak into this academy? No, I lied to them. Let's go. Your Highness, what are you doing? I can't go. I can't be wrongly accused by that Ning Yi. Wei Zhi, don't be stubborn. Something big is going to happen. Come with me to Prince of Yan's residence. Prince of Yan wants to see me? No. Let's go. I'll tell you on the way. Nice tune. Ziyan, for whom are you playing? For the person in Your Highness' hands. The person in my hands will do whatever I want, of course. Ning Sheng should be making a move now. Since he wants to steal this fortune, he must be able to handle its temporary nature. Your Highness. Shaoning took Feng Zhiwei away. They're going to see Prince of Yan. Ziyan, great calculation. It's all due to Your Highness' great arrangement. I'll go to the palace and see His Majesty. Father is wary of everyone. You'd better be careful. Don't implicate yourself. Trust me. This is very important. I can't just... Tell Lord of Minhai to let me think about it again. Your Highness, Lord of Minhai has already made up his mind. We must check if Your Highness' name is in the golden box. If you really won't help us, Lord of Minhai will personally bring troops to serve you. Your Highness. You brought me here just to show me this? Wei Zhi. I also hope that this is not true. That when I wake up tomorrow, this will be just a dream. However, what if it's true? What can we do? Since Your Highness is so worried, I'll go back to Qingming Academy and take the golden box to see Your Majesty. Director Wei, don't be rash. Your Highness. Ning Sheng. You won't say yes to Uncle, right? No matter how we fight with each other, we won't do anything that endangers Tiansheng and Father, right? Uncle already knows that the name in Father's imperial edict for the heir to the throne is Ning Yi. He already sent troops to the capital. Most of those in the Imperial and Weishu camps are Uncle's old comrades. They'll follow his call and endanger Tiansheng. I'm afraid it's not up to me. Your Highness, this involves the values of loyalty and filial piety. Your decision will either make you a devil or a Buddha. Please think twice, Your Highness. Director Wei. On one hand, it's my father here in the capital. On the other, it's my uncle in Minhai. They're both people closest to me. If you were me, what would be your decision? Tell me. Subtitle translation by Coleen Chua 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 