WPC 56: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 WPC 56 
 s1e3 - Great Pretenders - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 WPC 56 (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Great Pretenders - full transcript 
 As William Parker is finally laid to rest Sergeant Pratt recalls how Coulson tried to beat a confession out of Evans but Burns takes Gina to see another likely suspect,baker Henry Fuller,who had argued with Stanley's brutal father. Gina hears from Mrs Fuller that her husband had had an affair with female employee Sarah,who disappeared at much the same time as the boys. Meanwhile,tipped off by Fenton's informant Brody,the police prepare to foil a bank raid but look stupid when a different bank is robbed. Fenton is humiliated but tracks a gang member to the hide-out and leads a successful raid. As Donald's trial begins Gina interviews a third woman attacked in the park and goes to court where she persuades Sylvia to tell the truth,leading to Donald's acquittal. Gina is commended by Nelson and Burns - increasing Fenton's hostility towards her - but Burns has his own problems when Deborah has a breakdown and needs hospital admission. Gina and Cathy go to a coffee bar with their boyfriends where a fight breaks out and Eddie,trying to stop it,is stabbed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He hurt my boy, Inspector. I already know the killer's identity. John Evans. Body hanged. Evans was just sitting there rocking, singing a nursery rhyme about the gingerbread man. I've had too much to drink. I think you've had just the right amount. Why won't you ever let me have any fun? You won't want to arrest me. Not now. What are you talking about? Bank job. All right? Big one. He was cutting my hair. Why did he do that? Donald is in jail. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He's been charged with attacking a girl, called Sylvia. Never. You see that girl? Him love her. You're a disgrace to the uniform. When Nelson hears about this, you won't be my problem any more. Good riddance. 'You want to do me a favour? 'Certainly. Tell them to put Dave Deets in. 'Dave Deets? He's a good man. 'I thought he was one of that City Hall bunch? 'He's a good lieutenant 'and maybe he never had the chance to do the job he'd like to. 'Well, you'll be betting 1,000 so far. I'll think about it.' Gina! Sorry. Ow. I've got it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 'Good night. Good night, dear.' Good night, Sarge. Night, Tom. All right, Sidney? Do you mind? People know me in here. Well, I couldn't very well come down the station, now, could I? You don't come to me EVER. Got it? That bank job, it's going ahead. Remember that kid, Kevin? Well, I finally got him to open his mouth. I'm listening. Must have been his nerves or something but you should have been there, it was great. He was knocking back pint after pint. I mean, once he started talking, I didn't think he'd shut up! Something you two have in common, then. So, when's the job? Yeah, that's the thing. It's tomorrow. Tomorrow?! I've only just got him to talk now, haven't I? Which bank, or am I supposed to guess? The bank on Brook Street, 11am. Pleasure doing business with you, amigo. I wouldn't go that far. 'Poor Frank. Mayor elect, 'and all night people have been wanting favours, 'and from now on, everybody...' Bill, stop it! Stop what? You two, pack it in, or you're out. Yeah, all right, you can turn your little light off now. Just cos a man wouldn't touch HER with a barge pole. I heard that. Get out! All right! Can't you people take a joke? You couldn't keep your mouth shut! It's not funny. We can still make last orders. I'm buying. I dunno, I'm at work tomorrow. Don't remind me. Eh? Nothing. That's our bus now. Right, we'll say good night. Come on, Gina. See you tomorrow, if I've still got a job. It'll be fine. Mr Nelson's not as scary as he looks. But Sergeant Fenton is. Hurry up, you're going to miss it! Night. What was that about? Just work stuff. Shall we go for that drink now? I've got a better idea. I was thinking we should take the girls abroad this summer. Take the Blue Train to the Cote D'Azur. They'd love it. We'll see. Should I be worried about you? Worried? You've not been yourself lately. Maybe you should go and see Dr Hurley again. Ugh. You know I can't bear that disgusting little Freudian. You know he actually believes cigarettes are like nipples... Or teats, as he calls them. I'm sorry about your birthday, but I'm fine - really. I just had one too many cocktails. Can we put it behind us? Please? It's too cold for a walk. Come on, you'll soon warm up. When's this car of yours going to be finished? You can't rush a work of art. I want my girl to ride in style. Bill! Not here! You didn't mind in the pictures! It was dark in there. It's dark here! Somebody's coming! It's nobody. Bill, don't. Bill, I don't want to! You never want to do anything, do you? I'm sorry. I just think we should wait, that's all. Then, don't act like you're up for it. Bill, please. Bill, don't leave me here! Today, we lay William Parker to rest. No death passes easily... but it is especially hard when the life ended is one of someone so young, so full of innocence. At times like this, we must remember that innocence is a state of grace, and it is in this state that our children, the ones who leave us too soon, remain. Let us turn to Psalm 23. The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures... He leadeth me beside the still waters. He restoreth my soul, he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. Keep your eyes peeled and your traps shut! That means you, Pratt. I want nothing missed, else we'll search the entire area again. Yes, Sergeant Coulson. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thou art with me... Confess, Evans! They comfort me. Confess! In the presence of mine enemies, thou anointest my head with oil. Run, run, run as fast as you can. You can't catch me... My cup runneth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life and I will dwell in the house of the Lord... forever. Amen. Amen. It was good of you to come, Mr Marsh. I wasn't sure that it was my place to. I'm sure they appreciate everyone being here. Unless you'd like your next picture to be of your tonsils, I suggest you take your camera and leave. I'm just doing my job. Yeah? And I'm just doing mine. Oh, really? Found the other missing boy, have you? It's called instinct. You can't teach it. The moment I clapped eyes on John Evans, I knew he'd done something sickening to those boys. My only regret is that he died with a bed sheet round his neck. Should've been a hangman's noose. Ooh, you're a treasure, Glenda, you know that? We're going to stop a bank raid. Probably have to use our weapons. Really? I don't see YOU with a gun. He has to hit puberty first. Right, listen up. Timing's tight on this one, so I want you sharp and I want you prepared. The robbery's planned for 11am. I think you'll agree, that's cutting it fine, so no mucking about. Eddie! Look alive, son. Let's get into position early and familiarise ourselves with the layout so we can prepare for any cock-ups. Let's move! Go get 'em, girls. I'd bring you out with us, Pratt, but I don't know if the van suspension could take it. You've got the guns, I've got the buns. You're sure of your information on this, are you, Sergeant? 100%, sir. Oh, and one other thing, sir... Better smarten up, love. Chief Inspector Nelson wants to see you in his office. Now. Yes, Sergeant. Come in. Yes? Well, what do you want? Sir, I thought you wanted to see me. You? What for? My mistake, sir. Something you're not telling me, Dawson? No, sir. All right, then. Back to work. Thank you, sir. One word from me... The arrogance of the man. He talks about the case like he solved it. As far as Coulson's concerned, he DID solve it. By questioning only one suspect? Who said he did? Wait, you're saying there was a second suspect? Yeah. His name was Henry Fuller. Runs the bakery on Portland Street. I know that bakery. Yeah, course you do. They make the best cakes in the world. I know. Have you tried their chocolate eclairs? Any idea why the baker was questioned? Sorry, you'll have to ask him yourself. Thanks. Well, come on, then. Me, sir? You can talk to the wife. And I might even buy you a cake. Soon as they pull up, we'll make our move. Fletch, you block 'em in with the van. The rest of us'll surround the vehicle. Any luck, and they won't know what's hit 'em. Oh, that is just disgusting. Come on, who was that? Eddie? Oh, that's not even funny, that! Just the two, is it? That's two and six, thanks. That's lovely. Mr Fuller? Detective Inspector Burns. Detective. Do you mind if I ask you a few questions? Didn't I see you at the funeral this morning? Me and half the town. Of course. I was just wondering if you knew the boy. It's no secret I knew William. Him and the other boy, Stanley, they came in here all the time, back when me father ran the place. I just want to clarify a couple of things, Mr Fuller. Can you explain why you were questioned after the boys disappeared? Because of the row with Stanley's father. You argued? What about? Look, I explained all this at the time. Stanley was half-starved. He had lice. Bruises on him sometimes. Well, I had to say something. His father didn't take too kindly to it. He'd had a few too many drinks, he took a swing at me, so I hit him. I see. Then he started shouting all about the place that I was interested in kids, you know? Said Stanley couldn't set foot in the place again. Ah, of course, everyone knew it was rubbish, but when the boys disappeared, my name was first on the list, until they arrested that halfwit. Right. What about Stanley's father? Do you think he could've done something to the boys? Nah, he was in prison at the time. 1925? Yeah, that was the year the shop was opened. You haven't changed a bit, Mrs Fuller. And who's the other lady? Er, I forget her name. We've had so many shop assistants over the years, we've lost count, isn't that right, Gracie? So, can I help you with anything else, Detective? Actually, yes. Two of those, please. On the house. That's very kind. Thank you. If you remember anything else, you can reach me at the station. You shouldn't have lied. We need supplies. What's the point of bringing it all up again? It's in the past. Oh, really? Maybe for YOU, it is! You're not right in the head, woman! Oh, buzz off! Trouble in paradise. You'd better go back in. She might say more with him out the way. You're not going to eat my cake, are you, sir? I can't promise anything. Are you all right, Mrs Fuller? Oh! Yes. I... I just had an accident. You remember her name, don't you, Mrs Fuller? Please. We just want to try to understand what happened all those years ago. Even the smallest details can be useful. Oh! Sorry, we're closed. Sorry. Her name was Sarah Freeman. She worked with us for a couple of months. Henry's father rented her a room upstairs. I never liked her very much. That's not very charitable of me, I suppose. Her husband was killed in the Great War. Although she never talked about it much. Never said much about anything. Did she get along with anyone else? She was very good with the children that came into the shop. Those two boys took a shine to her. So, it seems, did Henry. She was very beautiful, you know. That picture doesn't do her justice. Did your husband admit the affair? No. He didn't need to. One day... Sarah just upped and left without a word. Never even handed in her notice. Henry's father was furious. Not Henry, though. He just kept quiet. Wouldn't look me in the eye. He still can't. I wouldn't have liked her very much either, Mrs Fuller. Liven up! I'm sorry, sir. Sorry doesn't even cover it, Fenton! You've made a complete laughing stock of us! I've just had Sullivan on the phone from The Brinford Times, asking why an armed gang made off with hundreds of pounds in cash while all of my officers were picking their teeth on the other side of town! I'll catch them, sir. Forgive me if that doesn't exactly fill me with confidence! What is it? Thank you, Sergeant Pratt. Put him through. Chief Coulson. Yes. Of course, sir. Does the name Sarah Freeman jog your memory? Right, of course. That's it. Let's drop the pretence, shall we? You remember her all too well, don't you, Mr Fuller? I made a mistake a long time ago. I love my wife. I couldn't care less. And since your wife seems to know all about it, I'm confused as to why you're still covering it up. It's just not something I'm proud of, that's all. Would you say you're a private man, Mr Fuller? No more than anyone else. Is that the room she rented? Did the two of you find privacy there? No, never! Not with your wife under the same roof. I see. Where, then? Is this really necessary? Where? In the woods. Could you have been seen? No. We were careful. Did the boys see you two together? Of course no! Tell me about when Sarah left. Was it before or after the boys went missing? I don't remember. You don't remember much, do you? And I imagine if those boys saw something they shouldn't have, you wouldn't want them remembering. I never touched them. Then, tell me why Sarah left, without warning, without reason. Because she was pregnant. I'm sorry! You will be! I told you everything I know, I swear! Oof! Kev must've given me the wrong address! Oh, really? I didn't notice! Oh! Which means either he's on to us, or... I don't know, maybe the gang didn't trust him. Something I intend to ask the little runt! No, wait! Y-Y-You can't! He'll know I grassed. That's your problem. Now, tell me where he is! Just listen to me, all right? You'll never get him to talk. I have powers of persuasion, don't you worry. If you arrest him now, you'll just have him to show for it. But if you wait, there's still a chance you can catch the whole gang. I'm listening. Kev's on his way over here now. Let me talk to him. If he doesn't know you're following him, he'll lead you straight to 'em. What makes you think he'll lead me anywhere other than his mum's house? He won't. He won't. I-I promise. I'll make sure of it. You'd better. She said if I didn't give her money for the baby, she'd tell Grace. So, you did as she asked? For two years. Till it got too hard to hide the payments and I stopped. I half expected her to come back and ruin everything. I never heard from her again. Can you remember her address? I doubt she's still there. Let ME worry about that. Birmingham. 35 Jellicoe Road. Please don't tell my wife anything. She couldn't have children herself. It would kill her. All right, Kev? All right. I'll take that now. Sure. Here we go, amigo. Cheers. Cheers. Do you think Mr Fuller's telling the truth? We'll find out once I've tracked down this Sarah Freeman. Presuming she ever left here alive. You mean, he could've killed all three of them? You'd be surprised what people are capable of. Good work today, Dawson. Thank you, sir. Not interrupting, am I? Not at all. I should get back. Ladies. What are you playing at? What do you mean? I mean you, flirting with a married man. I wasn't flirting with him! How do you think Frank would feel if he saw you carrying on like that? And what about you and Eddie? Always having cosy chats. I bet Bill would have something to say about that an' all. I'm not interested in Eddie, and you know it. Yeah. But HE doesn't, though, does he? Which is just the way you like it. Fine. Turn it around on me if you want to. But Frank's a good man and he doesn't deserve you stringing him along. It's easy for you to say. At least you've got some excitement in your life. You ought to make up your mind what you want. I ain't scared of 'em! I'm just saying I wouldn't blame you if you was. But I'm not. I'll go and get my money right now. That's the spirit. Don't take no for an answer! I'm so glad you're home! Don't I look fabulous? Where did you get that? It's from Milan. Or should I say Milano? Did your father give it to you? It's so soft. I think I'm going to wear it to sleep in it from now on. Deborah, where did you get the coat? Really, Jack, is that all you can say? Just answer the question. I got it from Lewis's on shop credit. Without even asking me? Look, there's no need to make a fuss. You'll pay it back in a few months. We can't afford it. I thought you wanted me to look my best. Take it off, I'm returning it. No. Deborah, I mean it, we have to take it back. No, you're not taking it! Ow! Ah! No! Let go! No! Deborah, stop! No, let me go! Let me go! OK. Shhh. Shhh. I'm sorry. Mister? Mister, spare some change? Get lost. Go on. I said scram. Go on, sling your hook. I'll be back, you know. Yeah? All I said was, "Didn't you double check the address?" Everything all right? Yeah. Water needs changing. Sorry - about last night. You should be. I had to walk home on my own. Look, I know I shouldn't have acted in that way. I just... I can't help it, Cathy. You drive me crazy. I can't keep my hands off you. Well, you're going to have to, Bill. I'm not the sort of girl to fool around, so if that's what you want you better find someone else. I don't WANT anybody else. They're beautiful. Just like you. I, er, typed up your reports, sir. I had to do a fair bit of guesswork, your handwriting's terrible! Just leave them there. Is there something else you wanted, Dawson? No, sir. You better have the right location this time, Fenton, or heads will roll. The first being yours. Right, I need six volunteers for a raid on a mechanic's garage. Looks like I've managed to locate the hideout of the bank robbers. I'd say we all looked pretty foolish yesterday. It wasn't me who drove the van up a one-way street, was it, Fletcher? So who's with me? Sarge. All right, all right, roll your tongues back in, lads. You've got work to do. Wow, you... You look amazing, Cathy. A real knockout. Thank you, Officer Coulson. Officer? I think you know I'm already spoken for, Eddie. And I'd appreciate it if you acted accordingly. Eddie? Move your feet! Dawson. You're needed in the interview room. Husband and wife want to make a report. What about, Sergeant? Wouldn't say. Everybody stay where you are! Put your hands in the air! Put your hands where I can see them! Get down on the floor! Slowly! Slowly! Eddie? Check the car. Cuff them, lads. Keep them covered, Fletch. Talk to me, Eddie! Clear in the back. Keep them covered. Over here, Sergeant! That's my boy! Go fetch the camera out of the van. Yes, Sarge. Good lad. She was attacked. Can you tell me what happened, Mrs Cook? Last night on my way home from work, I went through the park, and this man... Show her, Mary. Just show her! He didn't hurt her or nothing, but I still think something should be done. I mean, cutting off a woman's hair like that, I mean, you'd have to be sick in the head wouldn't you? Mrs Cook, I know this is difficult, but I have to ask. Did this man do anything else to you? What you mean, anything else? Mr Cook, perhaps you'd like to step out of the room for a moment. I'm going nowhere until I know what's going on. Mary? He had a knife. You mean... You let him... It was rape, Mr Cook. Don't you dare say that word to me! Don't you dare! I won't have people saying that about my wife, do you hear me? No. No, someone cut her hair. That's all. Tell her, Mary. I need some air. It was my own fault. Phillip told me to take the bus, but I like to save the fare. Just for little things. Treats for the children. None of this was your fault. You saw the way me husband looked at me. What if that never changes? I just need to get a few details. Did you manage to get a good look at him? It was dark, but I remember he looked... ordinary. He didn't have a beard. His hair was dark, I think. He wasn't tall, but he was strong. I can't imagine how hard this must be for you. Are you prepared to make a formal statement? I suppose so. We'll just go over some of the details to make sure they're all correct before you sign it. Is that all right? How long will that take? Not long, I promise. What about me husband? I'll see if I can find him. Can you describe how the defendant came to be arrested on the night of Miss Stewart's attack? We received a call from a member of the public, a Mr Kenneth Davis, at approximately 9.25pm. And what was Mr Davis' account of the incident? Mr Davis and his friend heard a woman's screams in the proximity of Victoria Park. When they ran to assist the woman, they saw her lying on the ground and Mr Palmer was crouching over her. When they challenged him, he tried to run away, but they managed to apprehend him and hand him over to us when we arrived on the scene a short while later. What was Mr Palmer's physical state when you got there, Sergeant Fenton? When we arrested him, he had blood on his hands and clothes and he was highly agitated. What did you do next, Sergeant Fenton? We took him into custody, sir, where we later questioned him about his reasons for being in the park. At first he said he was just having a walk. However, he later changed his story and claimed to have had a relationship with Miss Stewart. Quiet in the court. Please go on, Sergeant Fenton. I took it as a cowardly attempt to besmirch an innocent girl's good character. My Lord, that was conjecture. Mr Walker, I must advise you to proceed with caution. Sergeant Fenton, what reason would Mr Palmer have to invent such a story? To justify his intentions towards her. And what, in your opinion, were his intentions? My Lord, the Sergeant's opinion... I think he followed Miss Stewart through the park with the intention of taking her virtue. My Lord, that is pure speculation. Members of the jury, please pay no regard to Sergeant Fenton's opinions. It will be a matter for YOU to decide whether the defendant changed his story because he was lying, and seeking to justify other intentions, or not. What's this? There's been another attack in the park. When? Last night. Her name's Mary Cook. Her hair was cut off with a knife, same as with Anna Pearce. Thanks, I'll take it from here. Sir, both the women were blonde, just like Sylvia Stewart. Dawson... Donald Palmer is being sentenced today. You could go to the judge and tell him there's been others. I know you mean well, but you have to face facts. If Sylvia's accused him, there's nothing we can do. It's for the courts to decide now. Miss Stewart's an attractive young girl, isn't she, Mr Palmer? I have no doubt she's a friendly girl too. Friendly enough to smile at a bus conductor on her way home from work, yes? My Lord, this is irrelevant. Choose your words carefully, Mr Walker. Mr Palmer, did you follow Miss Stewart off the bus? I tell her my shift finished, so we walk together through the park. You expect the jury to believe that she went with you willingly? It's the truth. Well, forgive me, Mr Palmer, but the part that confuses me is where Miss Stewart ends up screaming for her life as she is beaten unconscious! If you are innocent of this despicable act, perhaps you'd like to inform us who else WAS responsible? I don't know who it was. Just a man! Just a man. Not THIS man... covered with blood and fleeing from the scene. It was some phantom who apparently no-one but Mr Palmer could see. Not even Miss Stewart. Mind if I sit here? No. We've met. At the hospital. I remember. How are you? What do you want? Just to talk. Sylvia, I know you're scared right now. But just think how Donald must be feeling. Serves him right, then, wouldn't you say? It's time to start telling the truth. I HAVE told the truth. Do you really think you'll be able to live with yourself knowing that you've sent an innocent man to prison? I don't have to listen to this. There have been other attacks in the park, Sylvia. Two other women, raped. That could've been you, if Donald hadn't scared him off. Is this any way to repay him? If you care about Donald at all, you'll do what's right. Mr Stewart. Officer. Come on, Sylvie. Will the defendant please stand? Will the foreman please stand? Mr Foreman, have the jury reached a verdict on Count One of this indictment upon which you are all agreed? We have, Your Honour. Mr Foreman, on Count One of the indictment, causing grievous bodily harm with intent, contrary to section 18 of the Of fences Against the Person Act 1861, do you find the defendant, Donald Palmer, guilty or not guilty? Guilty. Guilty?! Thank you, members of the jury. Mr Palmer, I am appalled at your callous attitude towards a country that has hitherto welcomed you to its shores. You are a disgrace to your people, and a danger to ours. I find it incumbent on me to pass a severe sentence so that it may act as a deterrent to others in your position, tempted to abuse this country's hospitality. You shall be imprisoned for no less than a period of 15 years. 15 years! Take him down. Judge, you can't do that! He didn't do it. He didn't do it. My Lord! Miss Stewart has something to say. He didn't do it, My Lord. Sylvia! He didn't do it! Donald would never hurt me. Miss Stewart, think very carefully about what you're saying. I'm sorry, My Lord, but I lied. It wasn't Donald. The man who attacked me was white. He had a knife. Mr Walker, please approach the bench... Donald, I'm sorry. I want to see Inspector Nelson. No chance. What's your reaction to Donald Palmer's acquittal, Inspector Nelson? A second embarrassment in as many days, wouldn't you say? Sergeant Pratt, escort Mr Sullivan out, please. With pleasure. Did your officers judge Mr Palmer on the colour of his skin? Come on, son, out you go. Are they going to arrest the right man this time? Go on, out! Now, THAT is a good question. With respect, sir, it's not our fault the girl lied. Apart from Constable Dawson, did anyone take the time to look into Palmer's claims? Oh, she looked into them, all right. Two nights ago I had to rescue her from a coloured nightclub. Dawson? Sir, I... She'd gone in there without permission, stirring up trouble. Just like today. Turning up at court, influencing a witness to change her statement. She should be sacked! For what, exactly? Being right? We should've listened to her in the first place. I should've known you'd stick up for her. What does THAT mean? It's clear to everyone, Burns. All right, enough! What's done is done. You'll let her get away with it, sir? I'll concentrate on what's important - the fact that three women have now been attacked at knife-point and it's happened on our watch. From now on, we pool all our resources and we step up our patrols in Victoria Park. If we don't stop this man, he will strike again. Deborah? Daddy? It's all right, girls. Ah! Damn it! Girls, girls, just stand over there. Everything's all right. Everything's fine. Deborah! Where's Mummy? Upstairs. OK, girls, into the living room. Go on. Run, run. Deborah! Deborah. Wake up. What? You left something on the stove. What? Leave me alone. The girls were alone down there. Just let me sleep. Deborah, you could have all burned to death! Get up! And see to your children. Stop it! Stop it, Jack! Please, I can't! Chrome hub caps? Do you ever save your wages? What for? I just borrow yours. Didn't know it was fancy dress. Could you walk any slower? I'm not running in these heels, Gina. Where you going? I forgot to lock the storeroom. Do you want a coffee? Can we get a couple of coffees in here? I don't believe it! It's Marilyn Monroe! So? Do you like it? I love it! You look gorgeous! Don't she look gorgeous? They're just playing silly beggars. He's right, just ignore them. Shall I put some music on? Good idea. What are you doing, love? We're only having a bit of a bun. This is your favourite, isn't it, Gina? Jack, please. I don't want to go. Please don't let them take me! Jack! Please! Jack, please! You've got some front coming in here, you have. Come to chat up my bird again, have you? We were just talking... Shut up! No-one talks to my bird without my say-so. You're not on duty now. Johnny! Come on, then! You talking to my bird? You talking to my bird?! Hey? You talking to my bird? Hey? Hey? Hey? Go on, Johnny! Let's go! Eddie! Eddie! Call for an ambulance! Eddie! I need something, anything, a handkerchief, to stop the blood... Anything! It's OK, it's OK. And breathe... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 