WPC 56: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 WPC 56 
 s3e1 - A Different Beat - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 WPC 56 (2013–…): Season 3, Episode 1 - A Different Beat - full transcript 
 A predator is targeting contestants in a beauty contest and Brinford's new WPC is on the trail. There's a shock in store for Briggs and DI Sawyer, when old foes come back to haunt them. Starring Claudia Jessie and Oliver Rix. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 How are you feeling? Like a bullet went through me. There's been a serious allegation made against you. What are you talking about? I saw you. What did you see, Perkins?! You forced yourself on her. Now, you are very close to retirement age. You can't be serious. Over a fumble with the station bike? Be reasonable, sir. This is the only way for you to leave with your reputation intact. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm doing you a favour. UPBEAT MUSIC At number five, we have auburn-haired stunner, Abigail Hodgson from Small Heath! APPLAUSE At just 19, this shapely seamstress ain't no dummy. She made that evening gown with her own fair hands. And let's not forget numbers six and seven, Brinford beauties, Lucy Hamilton and Helen Reilly! Both 21, this lovely pair of cinema usherettes like to sing, dance and show off their talents on the amateur stage. A big hand for the girls as they go off to prepare for the final round. APPLAUSE Well, it ain't often us men get to stare at pretty girls 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 without getting in trouble with the missus. But it's all good fun and a worthy cause, ain't it, ladies and gents? Because the money raised tonight will give a helping hand to all you brave ex-servicemen. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE And judging by the look of you, you need all the help you can get. LAUGHTER Oh, you've got to laugh, ain't you? Because when you see the funny side of life, it means everything's going to be... ALL: Tickety-boo! LAUGHTER Well, well, what time do you call this, officers? I hope you've got a good reason for interrupting my show. Sorry, we were d-d-d... D-D-Doing the hokey cokey? We were dealing with an incident. Drunk and disorderly. We should've brought him along, really. He'd have fit right in. LAUGHTER I think someone's trying to upstage me, ladies and gentlemen. What's your name, sweetheart? WPC Annie Taylor. Well, WPC Annie Taylor, unless you've got a bathing costume under that uniform, I suggest you find yourself a seat. LAUGHTER Well, you didn't come all this way to watch my ugly mug all night, did you? No. Cheeky! Well, without further ado, it's time for the final round! APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Cor blimey! I've toured the beaches of Saint-Tropez, I've seen the bronzed beauties of California USA, but nothing compares to the home-grown loveliness of a Birmingham girl! WHISTLING AND APPLAUSE It's a shame they can't all win first prize, ladies and gents. But only one lucky girl gets to take home that state-of-the-art vacuum cleaner and £100! APPLAUSE Judges, have you made your final decision? CHEERING AND WHISTLING And here to present the award, yes, it's Assistant Chief Constable Arthur Coulson! APPLAUSE Thank you. It's a pleasure to be here. A real pleasure. The runner-up Miss Birmingham 1956 is Miss Sheila Brown! APPLAUSE Congratulations to Sheila on winning a year's supply of washing powder! I know where to bring me laundry next time I'm in town. LAUGHTER And now, the moment we've all been waiting for. DRUMROLL The winner is Brinford's very own Miss Lucy Hamilton! APPLAUSE Ain't she a real stunner, ladies and gentlemen? Well, I hope you've enjoyed the show as much as I have. Nothing like taking in some of the local sights, eh? If anyone asks me about my trip to Brinford, I shall tell them that everything was well and truly... ALL: Tickety-boo! Thank you! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Would you excuse me for a moment? My money was on you. Then you should buy me a drink sometime. I'm DI Sawyer, but you can call me Harry. I didn't expect to see you here tonight, sir. One of the perks of the job, wouldn't you say? You'll be announcing your retirement soon, of course. And why would I do that? We had an agreement. I'm sorry? What agreement? You know perfectly well. After what happened with WPC Dawson. Well, the last I heard, Constable Dawson transferred to The Met. You really should keep up. I was disappointed when she was cleared of blame in the shooting, but I suppose some things even I can't control. Still, London's far enough away. How are you enjoying your freedom so far, sir? I'm still on army time, I think. Wake up every morning 6am sharp, don't I, dear? Like clockwork. I didn't know there were so many hours in the day. Like me when I hung up my police uniform. You have to get yourself a hobby. You might be right. There she is, my little firecracker! How are you, William? All the better for seeing my favourite girl. Look at you, all smart in your uniform. When did you start? Just this week. It feels like only yesterday I was sneaking you sugar cubes under the table. Ssh! Let me buy you a glass of pop to celebrate. Thank you. Brigadier. Brigadier Morris? David Meyer, Birmingham Chronicle. I'm writing an article on ex-military men, how they've adjusted to civilian life since the war. I'd be grateful if I could just... No. Sorry. Please, it'll just take a moment of your time. Me and my friend Helen, we're usherettes at the Regal. We hope one day to be on the big screen ourselves. We've been taking acting lessons, and... Miss Birmingham! I wondered where you'd got to. I just wanted to say I thought you were sensational tonight. Sensational! Thank you, Mr Starkey. Call me Clifford. And thank you, darling. It was a pleasure. And, um... here, have a keepsake. Oh! Tickety-boo! THEY LAUGH I cannot believe I got to meet him! We were in the middle of something. What do you say we get out of here? I'll give you a lift home. OK. But can Helen come, too? My friend. We room together. I just don't want her going back on the bus by herself. Er... right. Sure. Thanks. I'll be right back. Darling! What a lovely surprise! June. How is it you get more handsome every time I see you? What are you doing in Brinford? I'm with Clifford now. He has bookings all over the country. I barely remember what town I'm in from one day to the next. Well, you remember your mother, though, don't you? Did you get my letters? You know she's ill. How is she? If you want to know that, go and see her. Well, of course I will. I'll just check with Clifford's schedule first. Darling, please don't give me that look. I will try my best, that's a promise. It's hard, you know. Most people haven't seen what I've seen. They haven't done what I've done. Everyone wants to forget, but I can't forget. I can never forget! Forget what? Excuse us. Go home and sober up before you make a complete fool of yourself. Yes, sir! Whatever you say, sir! Always happy to follow orders, aren't I, sir? I said, "Go home!" This way! Oh! William, stop it! Hey-hey-hey! Hey! What's going on here? Nothing. Sheppard's had too much to drink. Can somebody take him home? Dad? Yeah, he can come home with us. Come on, William. I'd never have the nerve to show myself off like those girls did. They were quite lovely, don't you think? Huh! It's all right, I won't be jealous. Yes, they were. Would you? Do you like this? Of course. What's wrong? Charlotte! How was this event you went to? Oh, it was fine. Something happened. Happened? What do you mean, happened? I'm old, I'm not blind. I know when you're upset. I'm not upset. The sooner you tell me, the sooner I can go to bed. June's in town. I know. I saw her coming out of a shop last week. Well, why didn't you say anything? Because your mother makes you crazy and I hoped you wouldn't bump into her. You're damn right she makes me crazy. She's been back a week and she hasn't been here to see you? She knows you've been ill! Tomorrow, I'll go find her and drag her back here. Oh-ho! Wonderful Then we can all have a bad time. I don't care. Oh, yingele! Don't try to make her into something she's not. You'll only be disappointed. Morning. Morning, William. Thanks for letting me stay. You didn't need to do that. Oh, don't be silly! We've plenty of room. Sit yourself down. Oh, marry me, Lydia! THEY CHUCKLE Do you hear that, Douglas? I'm running away with your wife. Hm? I said, "How's life?" Oh. Quiet since the boys left. Lydia tells me Michael made sergeant. He did. And Stephen's doing very well, too. He's moving up to CID. And Tom? Oh, he's still in university. Studying literature, of all things. But he loves it. He loves ice cream, perhaps he should study that! Still, you can't complain, Douglas. Three out of four taking after you. Yeah, I suppose. Hm! I'd better get to work. Have a nice day, dear. Thanks, Mum. Bye, Dad. Hm. Goodbye, William. Whoops! WPC Taylor! Ah, morning, Tommy. Last night was fun, wasn't it? Yeah! Yeah. Um... we've all been talking and, er... we think it's not really fair you having to work in a broom cupboard any more. Thank goodness! I felt like Cinderella with all these mops. Well, exactly. So perhaps you'd be more comfortable sat... over there. Doesn't that belong to someone? No. It's a spare. So we thought you should have it. A proper desk! Thank you so much! First it was casual clothes, then evening wear, and then the last round was, um... oh, yes, swimwear, of course. Oh, it brings back memories. Believe it or not, I wore that crown myself once. What? What was that like, to win? You'd think it would be fun having your picture taken with the mayor, but I had to stand outside in my bathing suit in the middle of December. Whoo! Put it this way, my smile wasn't the only thing that was frozen. Still, it made the front of the Brinford Times, which is something, I suppose. You don't, erm, still have that clipping by any chance? I'm not sure. I'd have to look for it. PHONE RINGS Good morning, Brinford Police, DI Sawyer's line. Hold on, please, I'll just check for you. Is he in? Yeah, he's on a case. I'm sorry, DI Sawyer's not here at the moment, can I take a message? They made me do it, sarge. Yes, Mrs Epstein, I'll see he gets it. Bye-bye now. Isn't anybody working around here? Bunch of slackers, the lot of you. Welcome back, sarge. Did you miss me? Why, have you been somewhere? Good to have you back, Sergeant Fenton. How're you feeling? Never better, sir. Looking forward to getting stuck in. Whipping this sorry lot into shape. Glad to hear it. Who the hell is this? WPC Annie Taylor. Good to meet you, sergeant. You remember her father, don't you? Sergeant Dougie Taylor? We've already got a woman copper, why do we need another one? WPC Dawson has moved on. I'll do my best to live up to her good name, sergeant. Well, that's very touching. I'll tell you what, why don't you start by moving all of your stuff off of my desk and putting it back the way you found it? I'm sorry, sergeant, I didn't realise it was your desk. That won't happen again. So, Harper called into the hospital and said adios. Who's replaced him? Sawyer. He's a DS. Not any more. Is he even shaving yet? I don't know, I'm gone five minutes and the whole place goes to hell. And what has happened to all my cases? Linda. Someone better have something new for me. A nice, juicy one too. I was thinking you should stick to desk duties for now. I've done enough sitting around, sir. I just want to get back to normal. All right, sergeant. Thank you, sir. Well, if that's the case, I've got just the job for you. I'll make you some tea. I'm fine. Why don't you come for lunch on Sunday? What? Lunch, Sunday. You're a good friend, Doug, but I don't need charity. It's not charity. Lydia still cooks for six - you'd be doing me a favour. Not to prove your point but there's no milk. How about a real drink? No, I have to be going. Suit yourself. Perhaps you should go easy on that stuff. Perhaps you should mind your business. Look, William, what's going on with you? What happened last night with Brigadier Morris? I said I don't remember! If you don't want to stay for a drink... don't. Think about Sunday. You're always welcome. I love my job. She looks sort of familiar, sarge. Does she now? You got a few of these tucked under your mattress, have you, Perkins? I haven't, I swear! I just think I've seen her somewhere before, that's all. So she could be local. Let's have a look. These are not for a woman's eyes, love, trust me. Do you think I keep my eyes shut when I take a bath? I think she was one of the girls from the beauty contest. Well, if you say so. Nobody was looking at their faces. DI Sawyer, didn't you give this girl a lift home last night? Where'd you get this? Bookshop raid. Naughty girl. Yeah, that IS her. I don't remember her name, though. Oh, I can see why you got that promotion. Well, I'm sorry, I was more interested in Miss Birmingham. I know where they live. What's the address? I have a prior relationship, makes more sense for me to go. You can't even remember her name. I want WPC Taylor to handle this. Sir, this is my case. And it still is. I just think a female would show a little more sensitivity. Thank you, sir. DI Sawyer? A Mrs Epstein called for you, she said to telephone her right away. Thank you. Hello, Mrs Epstein? It's Harry. When was this? Thank you. Bye. Thank you. Shall we sit down? We found some nude photographs of you. Oh. I don't understand. Where? Where did you...? They were being illegally sold in a local bookshop. They were just supposed to be glamour shots. Modelling and auditions and stuff. He kept wanting to see more. Am I in trouble? No. But the person who sold them broke the law. So can you tell me who took the pictures? Or a description maybe? Where we could find them? My parents would never speak to me again if this came out. Miss Reilly... Please. I just want to forget it ever happened. Bubbe? You'll be all right, yingele. Yeah. HE SOBS Sergeant Fenton, I was on my beat going past the schoolyard and I found something I think you might want to see. Oh, yeah, what's that? It's another naked girl, sir. THEY LAUGH AND WHISTLE Where'd you say you got this? I confiscated it off some school boys, sarge. Right, that's it, we're raiding Perkins' home. THEY LAUGH It's true! I swear! All right, shut up all of you. This is the same room... with a different girl. So there's more than one victim, sarge? Victim? They were forced to strip off, were they? I spoke to the first girl, Helen Reilly. She wasn't the type to do this sort of thing and she had no idea the images would be sold. Well, that's fascinating. Did she tell you who took the pictures? She wouldn't say, sarge. No, she wouldn't because that's what happens when a woman copper does the questioning, all she does is feel sorry for her. That's not fair. Fair? Listen to me, princess, you're only here because of who your daddy is and you impress me even less than he did, so the next time you muscle in on a case of mine, you better get results. Just like you did with the bookshop worker, sarge? What did you say? I heard he wouldn't talk either and at least I don't beat people up in the cells. Who do you think you're talking to, girl? All right, Fenton, calm down. Taylor, I think it's best you go home. Start fresh tomorrow. Yes, sarge. What do you mean he's cutting our fee? No, no, no, I'm not having it. Where is he? I'll sort this out. Darling, I've gone round and round with him already, he says ticket sales are low and he's not working at a loss. Look at this place, it's full of nobodies. Charming I'm performing for a thousand people next week. Go and tell him that, tell him he's lucky to have me. Well, of course he's lucky to have you. What is it now? Manchester's off. What? It can't be, they've already printed the posters! Tell me this is a joke. I'm sorry, darling, Max Miller became available at the last minute. KNOCKING I was waiting for the right moment to tell you. I'm here to see June. This is my son, Harry. Well, well, nice to finally meet you. I need to have a word with you in private. It's all right, you can say it here. Fine. Your mother died this afternoon. Her funeral's tomorrow. CLOCK TICKS I've made us an appointment to see Dr Forester. What? It's at 11 tomorrow morning. I'd like you to meet me there. What for? Are you ill? No, I'm not ill. Then I don't understand. I want to find out what's wrong... with you. With us. Why we can't... Absolutely not. I can't believe you'd even ask me to do such a thing. I'm not asking you, Walter. If you want to save this marriage, you'll be there. LUCY LAUGHS See you tomorrow, Janet. Hi. I thought you might want a lift home. I think I really messed up with Sergeant Fenton today. Don't give it another thought - he's just got a bit of a temper on him. Best thing to do is act like nothing ever happened. And bring him cups of tea - makes him feel important. What can I get you ladies? I'll have a cappuccino, please. I'll have the same, please. Coming right up. So, what's it like working for Chief Inspector Briggs? You wouldn't know it to look at him but he's an absolute darling. And what about Sergeant Swift? Oh, he's lovely too. And funny. Honestly, he makes me laugh all day long. Well, of course he does, he's madly in love with you. He's what? Oh, come on, it's so obvious. I've seen the way he looks at you. And he's always hanging round your desk for no reason. Well, they all do that. Do you like him, though? I've never really thought about it. Thank you. I bet he keeps his socks on in bed. So what about you? Anyone special? Tell you what, I wouldn't boot DI Sawyer out of bed. Neither would I. And there wouldn't be a sock in sight. It's nice place. Shh! If my landlady hears you, I'll get kicked out. Why'd you bring me back here, then? Because you asked me to. You could've said no. Do you want a drink? Sure. Sorry, I just need to... Leave it. Do you like me? What do you think? No, I mean, do you really like me? Of course I do. So how long have you been married? 15 years. And you've been trying for a baby all this time? We've tried. Well, it could be a fertility issue. I don't think it's that. It's just we hardly ever... I see. Mrs Briggs, frigidity is far more common than you might think. There's nothing to be ashamed of, a woman's sex drive is often no match for her husband's. You don't understand, it's not me. Walter, say something, for goodness' sake. Mr Briggs, are you unable to, um...? I do not have to answer these questions. Walter, please. Or you lack the desire, is that it? You wouldn't be the first married couple to experience this problem. Hello again. Can I help? Hi. I'm looking for Harry, erm, DI Sawyer. Am I in the right place? Yes, but he's out on a case at the moment. Can I take a message? No, that's OK, thanks. I'll come back. Harry. Lucy, what are you doing here? Move it. Did I do something wrong? What are you talking about? I woke up and you were just gone. I didn't want to disturb you. Listen, Lucy, it's good to see you, but I have work to do. I'll give you a call some time, OK? I thought last night meant something to you. What do you want, a proposal? Of course not, but... But what? It was my first time. Really? Don't you think you and your friend are getting a little old for the innocent act? THEY WOLF-WHISTLE Shut up. Sex is like anything else. When it feels like routine, it loses its appeal. Don't be afraid to, um, do things differently. What do you mean? Well, for instance, there are various positions you could try. Or perhaps on occasion, Mrs Briggs, you could wear something new and enticing to bed. Or you could consider leaving the lights on. Sometimes all that's missing is a little imagination. You are a normal, healthy, married couple. You can enjoy yourselves as much as you like. And why not, hmm? It's fun, it's free, and best of all, it makes you live longer. SHE CHUCKLES DOOR OPENS DOWNSTAIRS Harry? Hello? What are you doing? What does it look like? We have to sit Shiva. Shiva? Well, we're family. We have to live under the same roof for seven days. Thank you, I'm well aware of what it means. I just think it's interesting you're a traditionalist all of a sudden. Can't I just mourn my mother in peace without inviting ridicule from you? No. Because I know why you're really here. So let's save us both some time. She left the house and everything in it to me. What money there is I will send to Aunt Ruth and Uncle Joel, because they need it, and more importantly, they deserve it. You can go now. I'm not going anywhere. Well, you're not staying in this house. I mean it, June, I do not want you here! You need a hand with that, sir? HE GROANS I blame you for suggesting I take a hobby. I meant gluing matchsticks together or summat, not breaking your back. Oh, hello, Douglas. Mrs Morris. Darling, I'm just off to the shops. OK, dear. I suppose you want to ask about the other night. William says he can't remember why you fought. Well, there you have it. He was blind drunk, as usual. Did you say something to him? He doesn't usually lash out like that. I'm not one of your suspects, Douglas. I'm just trying to understand, sir. There's nothing to understand. The man's a lost cause. Where's your boyfriend tonight? Shouldn't you be running around after him? I've told him you're my priority right now. HE CHUCKLES Well, there's a first for everything. I've had just about enough of the barbed comments, Harry. Well, normally when you've had enough of something, you just up and leave, so here's hoping. I just buried my mother. So did I! It's a pity it was the wrong one. All right, I know I wasn't the best mother, but believe me, neither was Lily. Don't you dare try and pull that trick on me. I know exactly who Lily was and you don't hold a candle to her. See, this is what I'm up against. She's poisoned you against me. No, you did that all by yourself. You didn't give a damn about me or anybody else. That's not true. All you ever cared about was being famous. Do you think it was easy for me? Trying to make something of myself in London with no money and a little boy to take care of? Is that what you'd call it? Locking me in a stranger's car while you went to all-night parties? Hey! At least I knew where you were, right? I was too young when I had you, I couldn't cope. That's why I left you here. You abandoned me. And you never looked back. And for what? Men like Clifford Starkey? HE LAUGHS I hope it was worth it. BELL TINGS Excuse me, I'm looking for my friend. She was supposed to meet me. Have you seen her? Dark hair, pretty. Oh, you mean Miss Birmingham? Yes, that's her. Yeah, she was here. You'll never guess who she left with. That's better. I couldn't hear myself think over that piano. LIFT BELL PINGS I liked it. That's cos young people have got terrible taste in everything. I like this champagne. Then there's hope for you yet. THEY LAUGH Now I've been around show business all my life, Lucy, and I know star quality when I see it. And I think you've got what it takes to make it all the way. Oh...! If I make some calls, I could get you signed to a top agent in London. You'd really do that for me? I'd be happy to, darlin'. I just have to take a few photos of you first. If they like what they see, well, there'll be no stopping you. Here's your report, sarge. Put it on there. Night, all. Good night. Good night. Hold on. I wasn't here for her first shift. Did anybody give her a Brinford Branding? No, we, er... Well, we didn't feel it was appropriate any more... I think it's long overdue, then. - What do you say, lads? - Yeah! - Um, a Brinford Branding is when... - I know what it is. Right, let's get this over with. You up first, Fletch? All right. Go on, Fletch! Go on, Fletch! Go on, Fletch! LAUGHTER Come on! Anyone else? All right, take it easy. PHONE RINGS Hello, Brinford Police? Helen? What's happened? Who's with Lucy? That's it. Yeah. Hold that smile. Gorgeous. What's wrong? Nothing, darlin', no, no. These are all great, really great. But I think we need to show 'em a bit more. What do you mean? Come on, don't be coy, dear, you know what I mean. If you want to impress casting agents, you've got to prove you've got what it takes. I just don't think I can. I thought you were serious about becoming an actress. I am. It's all I've ever wanted to do. Then prove it. HE SIGHS You wouldn't believe the day I've had. More work piling up than I'll ever be able finish in a lifetime... ..and then a hellish appointment I couldn't get out of. What appointment? It doesn't matter. I'm just glad I'm here. Although, I think it's warmer outside. What's going on? Well, my day was pretty awful too. Of course, I haven't seen a penny from the last article I wrote, and then they're chasing me to finish this one, and then I ran out of change for the gas meter. Ah. But at least I feel like a true Red as I work. It's like Vladivostok in here. Well, would you accept a shilling from a filthy capitalist? Oh, absolutely. What would you do without me? Good girl. Lovely. Let's see a bit more. You're beautiful, Lucy. Oh, a real knockout. Go on, then. I'm leaving. What? What, you... You can't just go. Lucy, sweetheart, come on. Hey! We ain't finished. Let me go! RAPID KNOCKING Open up, it's the police! What's going on?! I should ask you the same thing. Are you all right? Hey! Do you know who I am? This is a private room - you've got no right to be here. I guess everything's not so... tickety-boo, then. I didn't hear you come up last night. I thought you'd gone. I didn't sleep. Those things you said... Look, I'm sorry, all right? I'd had a lot to drink. No, I deserved it. I was upset about Bubbe. I shouldn't have taken it out on you. You were right. All my life, I've been chasing a dream and look where it's got me. I should have been here with you. I'm going to leave Clifford. And then what? I don't know. I'll probably head back to London. Try and sort some things out. Well... ..you don't have to go right away. It's Shiva. Margaret? SHE WHIMPERS Margaret! MUFFLED CRIES PHONE RINGS I'm looking forward to telling June exactly what kind of man you are. Wake up, sonny. You think she didn't know what I was up to? June don't care where the money comes from, as long as she gets to spend it. Who's June? None of your business. Hurry up with those statements. Yes, sarge. Perkins, how come Taylor's at your desk? She just took it, sarge. Then take it back. You saw what she did to Fletcher. June? June? MUFFLED WHIMPERING AND GASPING MUFFLED SCREECHING AND SHOUTING GUNSHOT 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 