Deadwood: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Deadwood 
 s1e3 - Reconnoitering the Rim - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Deadwood (2004–2006): Season 1, Episode 3 - Reconnoitering the Rim - full transcript 
 Competition arrives for Swearengen in the form of the Bella Union, a new gambling outfit from Chicago operated by savvy Cy Tolliver, Madame Joanie Stubbs and gaming guru Eddie Sawyer. ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\move(10,10,190,230,100,400)\fad(0,1000)\fscx25\fscy25\t(0,6000,\fscx125\fscy125)\c&H000000;&\3c&H00FFFF;&}anoXmous {\move(400,10,190,270,100,400)\fad(0,1000)\fscx25\fscy25\t(0,6000,\fscx125\fscy125)\c&HFF0000;&\3c&H00FFFF;&}https://thepiratebay.se/user/Zen_Bud  Ellsworth: He's down that hole for a fact. Pitiful as you pursued it, you better hope he ain't got space enough to roll around holding his sides, bust a gut laughing. Tell all the other woodchucks at the club this afternoon. He might not even call it an escape. Might just call it his "morning's entertainment." Dan: Hey! Hey, Ellsworth! Hey, Dan Dority! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (whimpers) Where's the great prospector? I guess Brom slept in this morning. Suppose his enthusiasm's on the wane? That's always possible. He shows up, you tell him I quit waitin'. - Sure will. - See ya at The Gem. Always possible. (yells) Go on! Reverend: "The earth is the Lord's, and the fullness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein. For He hath founded it upon the seas, and established it upon the floods. Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord?" 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - (sneezing) - "Or who shall stand in His holy place? He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart; who hath not lifted up his soul - unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully." - (sneezes) "He shall receive the blessing from the Lord, and justice from the God of his salvation. Lift up your heads, O ye gates; and be ye lifted up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in. Who is the King of glory? The Lord of Hosts, He is the King of Glory. Selah." (man yells) Let me see them titties! What's your name? What's your name? (men hooting) Pull that sign a little to the right. No no no. That way, that way. (whispers) "Everyone proud in heart is an abomination to the Lord. Though hand join in hand, he shall not be unpunished." (sneezing) "By mercy and truth is inequity purged. And by the fear of the Lord, do men depart from evil. A man's ways please the Lord when he maketh even his enemies to be at peace with him." Amen. Amen. Thank you. Thanks for your help. May we edify my readers, Mr. Bullock? I don't know what "edify" means. Can we talk about last night's gunfight? No. We can't talk about last night's gunfight either. - What the fuck?! - EB: All's I can speculate, Al, is whoever these Bella Union people are, they bought Artie Simpson's place on the quiet. - Pre-arranged turnin' it into a joint. - This no-good fucking Judas! - Hey, fucknut! - Just take it easy, Al. How long you been hatching this? I made a practical goddamn business decision. No chance for me to match their fucking offer? You couldn't have. You'd have killed me before you'd matched. But it's between you and them now. Drive careful, cocksucker! Don't think I haven't taken precaution. Don't think I don't know your mind! I hate to press you on that lot, Mr. Swearengen. I ain't ready to settle yet. - We're anxious to build. - If you want an answer now, it's no. Two. Same for me, only better. And three to the dealer. The dealer draws... trench mouth. Opener bets. Well damn, Wild Bill. Even a stopped clock's gotta be right sometime. Common law just says you gonna win one sooner or later. But I'm gonna keep pushin' my luck. What do you got there? $8. Are you ready to stand any more credit to Wild Bill, Tom? I didn't hear him ask for any. You want me to just bet eight, Bill? Cover my call. Aw, Bill, I can't let you put your gun up. That Colt's worth more than my raise by a good 40 bucks. - Are you takin' the bet? - I tell you what, I'll add 40 bucks to my raise to make the bet fair. And then 50 more, if you'll put up a set. (laughs) Pot's right. Would a nine-high straight do the trick? Pot to the club flush. Well, that's one in a row for you, Wild Bill. Who's hungry? What in the hell damn time is it anyway? Sure you wanna quit playing, Jack? The game's always between you and getting called a cunt. Meeting's adjourned, fellas. Take it outside. That dropped eye of yours looks like the hood on a cunt to me, Jack. When you talk, your mouth looks like a cunt moving. I ain't gonna get in no gunfight with you, Hickok. But you will run your cunt mouth at me... and I will take it to play poker. Tom: I'll tote up accounts, Mr. Hickok. We'll do whatever business we need to next you're in. Anyone wants to can find me at the Grand Central. - Jane: She's warm, isn't she? - Charlie: She ain't talk yet, neither. That's beside the point. You shut up! She will get a fever, bein' wolf bit. The reason we risked bringin' her into camp. You don't need to fear the saloonkeeper. - He's not a danger to her no more. - He's not? Saloonkeeper worried that the little one said road agents killed her people-- who the road agents might say they worked for. Meaning him? He took a different approach to the problem. She would do better indoors. I told Jane she could take my room with the little one and I'd move back in with Bill. I will not stay in no fuckin' hotel! They won't give me a room! You two keep your voices down. What'd I say about noise? He snores the whole fuckin' night! Snoring's past a person's control. I was a field nurse during the war, at Shiloh and Second Manassas. That was a good deal of violence. Is that when you got your calling? Yes, it was, sir. Out of that crucible-- out of all that horror, to come to God's grace. A man's heart deviseth his way, but the Lord directeth his steps. He directeth all our steps, Mr. Bullock. All of us. If you're preaching at me, Reverend, you need to put some more light on the text. If I am preaching at you, sir, I do you a disservice. Good morning, Mr. Star. Good morning, Reverend. Seth: Did we get the lot? Can we start building? - The reverend's come to help. - We're still hangin' fire. - What's the damn holdup? - New gambling outfit come into town. - Time wasn't right to push him. - I got all the lumber cut. - And I warned you that was premature. - You said 98% after your last conversation with that son of a bitch. 98 is not 100. God damn it! - Good day, sirs. - Sol: Good day, Reverend. Jane: I said they'd find a way to stop me. If it's raising room rates, you have to go ahead and raise 'em. Rates aren't the only factor. There's a waiting list for occupancy. You undertaker-looking son of a bitch, this little girl's doctor ordered her to live indoors, and I'm assigned to change her dressings! A sad story... that's none of my affair, "madam," if I guess your sex correct. What's the problem, innkeeper? Mr. Hickok. Little one took fever in that wagon last night, Bill. And I thought Jane and her could stay in my room and I'd move back in with you. EB: I'm not in opposition, sir. Just the opposite. Who wouldn't want to accommodate a sick girl? But the Simpson Hotel's closed its doors. If Mr. Utter's vacating, shouldn't these people that have been trying me all morning get first call? Isn’t that simple fairness? He don't give fuck all for fairness! He just don't want me in here. How 'bout if he stays in his room and the lady moves in with me? That way no one's vacating nothing. That would outflank the checkout issue. But it might raise questions of decorum. - With who? - No one of consequence, I suppose. Let her in. I'm going to get some breakfast. There will be a rate adjustment! Good morning. I've heard the stories, madam, I tell you that at flagfall you are here on sufferance. Kiss my ass! Cocksuckers. Where were they when Dan and me were chopping trees in this gulch? Hands all blistered, bucktooth fucking beavers rolling around in the creek, slapping their tails in the water like we was hired entertainment. I'd have paid a nickel to see you chopping wood. Yeah. Don't think I wasn't blow for blow with Dan. I can play that shit when I have to. But I've been to Chicago too. How do I look? Like Christ crucified. Al: Guess this ain't a hotel no more. Come see us tonight when we open, we'll find you a place to lay down. And someone to keep your feet warm. I'm Al Swearengen. I own the joint across the street. - Man: The Gem? - That's it. Cy Tolliver, Al. Ed Sawyer, Joanie Stubbs. You people must've trained with the heathens. Yeah, you know, you come up on us unbeknownst. How long you been in camp, Al? This year, Cy, since March. I was here last year too, - but the fucking cavalry drove us out. - Put all the whites out, didn't they? Deep fucking thinkers in Washington put forward that policy. This year though, so many soldiers deserting to prospect, gave up the ghost, let us all back in. And of course, Custer sorted out the Sioux for us, so now we're all as safe as at our mothers' tits. Did a job for our side, didn't he, Al? Al: How about that long-haired fucking blowhard, huh? I'll tell you this, son, you can mark my words, Crazy Horse went into Little Bighorn, bought his people one good, long-term ass fucking. You do not want to be a dirt-worshipping heathen from this fucking point forward. - Pardon my French. - Oh, I speak French. Well, here we are, settling the world's problems. And I've been wondering, Cy, um, perhaps we should talk about our areas of overlap so we're not at each other's throats. - Give me a for instance, Al. - Uh, women. Would we want to agree on rates? Well, far as pussy, Al, we'll want to let the market sort itself out. Sounds to me like I'm up against specialty acts. How about table games, any overlap there? We'll be featuring craps, Al. I played that in Chicago. I don't offer it myself, gets these hoople-heads confused, hmm? That's one area of overlap avoided. - What about faro? - We'll have it. Al: That decision hard and fast? Cy: I don't see overlap being a problem, Al, even where we duplicate. We're offering different atmospheres. You're a pioneering type, a trailblazer type. You're gonna draw a trailblazing element. Meaning I get the ones that don't wash? Must cut through the stink when they walk in with those sacks full of gold. Oh, the money spends, definitely. Anyways, thanks for the neighborly visit. Yeah, good to meet you. Very good luck to you. You're opening at 8:00, huh? That's what we're aiming at. 8:00. Good for you. Wouldn't set a fire right away. Come to case us though. He would set a fire. The way you tell it, mister, the man didn't sell you that claim holding a gun to your head. Frankly, Mr. Hickok, being a novice in these matters, I was duped. And now the seller's disappeared. You checked into his room. It sound like you're up shit's creek. The seller had accomplices, gentlemen. Men of-- what passes for position in this place. I would pay a handsome bounty if they were brought to make restitutions. Sorry you lost your money, mister, but I ain't for hire to rob it back. I make no terms as to method. You don't figure a good talking-to would do the trick? I'm not leaving camp without my money. Mister, that fella you said had my room before me? A man named Tim Driscoll, yes, pure charlatan. Fresh stain on the floor when I moved in. He may have checked out short a useful amount of blood. It wouldn't surprise me in the least. That would make these accomplices you're talking about dangerous people to deal with. Yes, I quite take your point-- no honor among thieves. Well... thanks for your time. I'll pursue my remedies in some other fashion. I don't think he took your point... quite. I think he quite missed it. I believe I'll pass out, Charlie. I guess you were playing poker all night, huh? Yes, sir. When we was coming into camp I saw that Montana fella you seem to like. Bullock. Had my back again last night. Well, he was seeing to the result this morning. Man has an active conscience. What would you think of us and him and his friend - having dinner tonight? - Why? People gotta eat, don't they, Bill? And maybe you'd enjoy sitting with someone who wasn't looking to beat you at cards. Or blow your fucking head off. True enough. Mark me down for a yes. - I want to know who did their legwork. - EB: You hit the nail square, Al. Whoever went between them Bella Union people and Artie Simpson would be a prime source of information. Do not repeat back to me what I just said in different fucking words! And I wanna know who cut the cheese. I'll tell you this for openers-- we are gonna set off an area on the balcony. And God help whoever doesn't use it, because the next stink I have to smell in this office, and whoever doesn't admit to it is going out the window into the muck onto their fucking heads and we'll see how they like farting from that position, okay? "I hate to press you on the lot, Mr. Swearengen." Wouldn't that be a setup? If they were all of the same fucking party? You think them hardware guys and Hickok might be the advance party for them saloon operators? You did the same fucking thing I told you not to. Get them too, say I'm ready to conclude on their offer. Stop at Wu's on the way. Tell him he feeds his pigs Persimmon Phil tonight, - or I serve them raw loin of Oriental. - I thought you forgot all about that. I thought it just sorta slipped through the cracks. The faro dude at the new joint-- dope-fiend. Tall guy, skankly red beard. You want me to get next to him, Mr. Swearengen? Let me take a few dollars, I'll go play at his table. Stop hustling. I'll give you dope when you bring that cocksucker here. He's as good as standing in front of you, Mr. Swearengen. No. Stick around. Help me measure where their loyalties lie. These hardware guys? The burden falls on me, Alma. That much is now clear. Do you think there's any possibility that Mr. Hickok might reconsider? None. Nor was I sure that, if he'd agreed, the man before me at that breakfast table was equal to the task. Promise me one thing then, Brom. Don't ask me to amend my purpose. That before seeing Mr. Swearengen, you take your walk. To clear my head and reflect? If only to perfect your arguments. I see. I accept the suggestion and a feeling for its author. Thank you. If I'm stooped when next you see me, Alma, it won't be worry weighing me down but bags of our recovered gold. Take your walk, dear. It's Hickok, Alma. - Unconscious. - I see. I take this as proof my reservations were well founded. (door closes) Too considerate to disturb us? Wouldn't have truck with that... room clerk ghoul to get let into Charlie's, rather sleep in the fucking hallway, that's the kind of man he is. Aw! I owe you another fucking penny. I owe you another one. I don't know if you ever should learn English, never mind foul. Spare you knowing how ignorant people are. But then I couldn't tell you about Bill... sleeping in the hallway out of thought for others. And I know some other fucking stories too-- owe you another penny. Seth: Look at that jackass. Help you with anything? I tell you who's being done a favor at this exact moment. Or would you care to take a guess? A favor in this tent. I'd guess it's you doing one for yourself, considering the quality goods. The favor here's being done for Wild Bill fucking Hickok. What are you talking about? 'Cause if I'm out prospecting in the hills, then he ain't getting his just desserts-- at the poker table or otherwise. Don't ask me what I mean by the last part. What do you mean? I said you'd do better not asking. Get outta here. I'll buy this one. What's the price on that? You ain't buying nothing. I know you. - Where I know you from? - Can't help you with that, partner. You follow him around. Hey! (groans) That tent's shut to you. Don't come back there. Fuck you... and any plans I might've had to buy something, or prospect. I'd be lousy at retail. I guarantee you that much. Wouldn't have the patience for it. I'm not sure how much future he's got. Charlie: Anyways, I want to tell you fellas, several days I'll be going back to Cheyenne-- to try and secure a mail route. I operate a freight business outta there. You need resupply, I'll be bringing several wagons back. That's good to know. And, uh, I was, uh, half wondering too if... if you'd want to join Bill and me for dinner. Tonight or some other time. Let's do it tonight. I feel like I should've brung posies. Afternoon. Can I help you find something? Mr. Swearengen wants to see ya. I only hope you understand me being short with you - out in the street this morning. - You had a lot on your mind. I had a lot on what's left of my fucking mind, these new interests coming in. I only hope you understand and see my thinking in not selling you that lot outright. What's your thinking today? Gets dead set at the fucking point, which I like in most situations. Do you know these new saloon interests? - Are you acquainted with them at all? - Nope. Not them and not Bill Hickok. And all we want to do is run a hardware business. I have got to be satisfied. See, I'm the simple-type cocksucker that when he sees lightning, readies for thunder. And takes the thunder if it comes from the same storm. Why wouldn't ya, Mr. Swearengen? Thank you for saying that, even if you don't fucking mean it. What would make you comfortable selling to us? 1,000. Plus right of first refusal on any further sale. Accepted. And right to buy back at the original price, - plus the cost of your improvements. - Sol: Accepted. No gambling on the fucking premises. No association of any kind with these Bella Union cocksuckers. - Accept-- - We can't sell 'em our goods? No. What do you think of that? Accepted. What do you think? Accepted. Or, they could buy your wares in your normal course of your normal fucking business. I'd guess it's okay to transact with these cocksuckers. - We can sell them our wares? - Your normal fucking wares. No gambling, whoring or whiskey on the fucking premises is the chief fucking point. Agreed. Al: I spit in my hand. Will that drive you screaming into the hills? The thousand would be nice. - Sol: 20, 40, 60, 80, 100. - A happy outcome. 20, 40, 60, 80, 200. A shooting exhibition! That idea for Mr. Hickok has been had and acted upon by a few people before you. And, then afterward, we cut the bullets out and the fucking playing cards he was using as targets. That's the point I was trying to get to. How about the tree bark behind the fucking playing card targets, huh? Hell, yeah, we'll sell the fucking bark. - What do you say, fellas? - We got our lot. Hooray for you boys. Two days for me to get the word out. 10¢ to watch, and we'll charge for the souvenirs. I ain't taking you up on that, mister. - Another 20 for you on the quiet. - No. And the talk between us is over. Soap! Soap with a prize inside. Soap! Got that man to sell, huh? Never had to strain so to spend $1, 000. Will you let us outta dinner? You'd as soon not do it, huh? We'd like to get to building. Will we see you tomorrow for breakfast? Sure. Maybe we'll catch Bill coming back from cards. Well, congratulations to both of you. Thanks, Mr. Utter. - Thank you. - Good luck to you. Looks like we're in business. Huh? My goodness. My heavens. My goodness gracious. Heavens to Betsy. What do you think, Hiram, ever seen a craps layout? - My first. - Shall I show you how it works? I might could follow. I do read and cipher. Well, you're well in advance of the pack. Tell me what this says. C-O-M-E. It says "come." You really can read, can't ya? I wasn't raised to lie. (softly) I'm liable to be killed, Eddie. He's on my scent and closing. Curious tactics, your coming here then, EB. To remind you secrecy is of the essence. Al Swearengen's a dangerous man. Let him doubt those he's trusted, this camp will run red with blood. Argues for raising your room rates, at least make the game worth the candle. I wonder how cavalier your attitude will be... with a pig gnawing through your vitals. Bet on me screaming for mercy. EB: I turned down your offer to buy and pointed you to Artie Simpson. The whole damn extent of my involvement. And I'm staring straight at extinction. He may get you anyway, EB, but if your nerve goes, he'll get you sure. Now, dope is not my own preferred form of relaxation, but I did try the shit and believe me... I nearly converted. Jimmy said you'd do right by me, Mr. Swearengen. Everything... that goes on at that place. I'll give you a daily report. Yeah. Here's the type I'd wanna know about. Just left your joint. Judas goat-looking fella. Hey, you see him? Coyote-moving type? - You see him? - The short guy? Yeah, with his paws always damp like a just shit fucking turd. That's the type I'd wanna know about. Comings, goings, any dealings with your bosses. I'll keep a special eye on him. - Al? - Yeah. That cherry New York dude - is downstairs asking for ya. - No good. Charlie him the fuck out. He keeps talking about the Pinkertons. Dan Dority thought you were dead. Yes, I didn't go to the claim this morning. You should've told him. I've had him here the last several hours in tears. Dan, look! - He's alive. - Thank God. Brom: Yes, I chose not to go to the claim. Whiskey, Brom? Snatch? Frankly, Al, I'm here to speak with you. And I'm not to be distracted. Then proceed, my son. Speak frankly. We needn't reach the question of whether my claim has "pinched out," as the saying goes, or whether it was a sham proposition to begin with. Let's just say, I've lost faith in the property. - Al: Have you? - And I want my $20,000 back. In the heat you've confused me with Tim Driscoll. I think we're both aware, Al, that Driscoll's no longer in camp. And because I believe you colluded with Tim Driscoll and perhaps were in cahoots with other parties as well, I require satisfaction from you. It's the heat again, Brom. I don't collude and I don't cahoot. Al, are you familiar with the Pinkerton Agency? - Why? - Pursuing its business interests, my family's had several occasions to engage the Pinkertons. We maintain friendly relations. I'd prefer we settle this as gentlemen, but if need be, the Pinkertons can be made a party to our dispute. Has he asked you to reconnoiter the rims with him at all? - Never. - Did he ask to and you refused? Didn't get around to it, Al. I thought he was in for the long haul. What are you talking about specifically? The gold you found washed down from somewhere, that's the law of gravity. And your claim runs rim to rim the width of the fucking gulch, so the original deposit the gold you found washed down from is likely on your claim above, near one of the rims. That's what you feel I should reconnoiter? First place the Pinkertons would look. Unless I'm fucking wrong. No, that's how they operate. So if he asks you, would you reconnoiter the rims with him? Al, I waited out there all morning for him-- - Is that a yes or a no? - Yeah. I'd be happy to reconnoiter the rims with him. And if Dan's and mine good faith reconnoitering don't show the source of the gold, do you then make restitution, Al? Or do I have recourse to the Agency? If at that point you ask, yes, I'll make restitution, all rights and wrongs aside, 'cause you've got me by the fucking balls. Let me go home and change. Uh, do I need climbing gear? You might want to bring a pickaxe. Goodbye, then. Make it look like an accident. Ain't this a pretty picture? I can't wake people I don't know about. - Passed out in the public hallway. - He never knocked on the damn door. By the time I looked out he was already snoring. Did you want me to drag him in by the damn heels? I say leave him where he is and go about your own business. He's up. I hope you're happy. Congratulations, cocksucker. Dinner's been canceled, Bill. All right. Them two fellas got their lot bought and they're started right ahead with the building. Sure. I was that shocked seeing you sleeping out here, Bill. First saw you maybe an hour ago. Didn't want to disturb me and the child, Charlie. He must've sought entry to your room, wherever the fuck you were at. I'd like to know where that goddamned innkeep was! He could've let Bill in. You're not gonna let me sleep, are ya? I'd have let you sleep as long as you wanted, Bill. (sighs) - How's that little one? - Good. She's napping. More than I can say for you. Are those hardware boys looking for extra hands? In a roundabout way. I don't agree with this plan. Reconnoitering the rims is exactly the sort of due diligence that Father would ask if I've done. Nor do I see the need to involve your father. It was my mention of the Pinkertons, Alma, which brought Swearengen around and the Pinkertons can't come into this unless Father does as well. I wouldn't even know where to look for them. Oughtn't we possibly to take a different view of this, Brom? Consider we've had an adventure costing us $20,000 and let matters rest there. Let them rest? Yes. If you still want to see more of the West, let's go now and see it. Or else return to New York. I don't think we should linger here. I have no abiding affection for this camp, Alma. But I won't leave without my money. Why do you take that medicine? You know why, to relieve my headaches. The other day I had a whopper of a headache and I sampled a bit. I would hardly call the dull, numb, floating feeling I experienced "relief." Perhaps the sexes experience the medicine differently. In any case, I, um... hope you feel better. Thank you. (people chatting) (EB clearing throat) EB. Thanks for coming. Whistle-- (whistles) --and I'm underfoot. Loyal as a damn dog. I tell you what, Al, you got a helluva nice turnout downstairs. Hell of a nice Monday crowd. EB: Jesus Christ Almighty! - Go ahead in, EB. - I'm not in dutch, am I, Al? Go ahead in. Man: Mr. Hickok? I'm Nathan Gordon. I come up from Murfreesborough and... - How are you, Nathan? - Fine. See, I'll tell you this much, Mr. Hickok, and I'd say the same to the angels in heaven. As a stage performer, you cannot act a single damn lick. I'd call that a fair judgment. I saw you on a stage in Hartford, Connecticut. And I'd have bet US currency that you'd been strangled and killed, and you just didn't know you was dead yet. Was you born patient, Montana, or did you cultivate it? I guess I'm patient for labor. Now why the fuck tell him that type story? Why, I saw him perform with Buffalo Bill Cody and Texas Jack Omohundro on a stage in Hartford, Connecticut. Who gives a fuck? You think he was put on Earth to hear you run him down? I'm all right, friend. No, why don't you get outta my sight before I do something I'll fucking regret? I'll tell whatever kinda story I feel like telling. That's right, tell it walking. Anyways, me and Sol are sure grateful you and Mr. Utter are taking the time to help. Man #2: Go ahead about your work, Mr. Hickok. He won't bother you no more. Charlie encourages me being in your company. He feels you're a positive influence. Man #2: No reason you'd remember me but I saw you marshal in Abilene. Saw you blow one cocksucker's head right the fuck off his neck. I also saw you... dead center three bullets on an ace of spade playing card at 25 goddamned paces. Some other loudmouth like this loudmouth I just sorted out said you'd doctored that playing card before you ever tacked it to that tree. - And did you sort him out too? - Goddamned right. Well, thanks for all that help. Now it's time you moved along. I sorted him out proper. Gouged out the both of his fucking eyes. - Charlie: All right, friend! - I'm tired of listening to you. You're tired of listening? - That's what he said. - Oh. I guess everybody's talking to me now. Get the fuck outta here! All right, I hear you, Wild Bill. You don't need to insult me twice. I'll tell you what, I hope you get what's coming to you and I hope it's sooner rather than later. I hope they sort you out! And I get to see it! I hope you're gut shot and die slow! And I hope they get you in this camp! Hand me-- hand me some of them pegs, would you? Hey, want some pegs, Bill? I'm gonna desert you. Play some poker. Drink some whiskey. Thanks for your help. See ya later, Charlie. All right, Bill. Ready, lift. Oh, there we go. For having nothing to do with him, these hardware cocksuckers sure seem to be joined to Hickok at the hip. You made your judgment on that situation and I believe you judged correct. No connection between them and him? Or between any of them and these new saloon people? You saw it like that and I did too, to the best of the both of our thinking. - Which was important to me. - Which was? - What? - When you said "which was," I didn't follow what you were asking. I wasn't asking nothing. I was saying. I didn't have full information so your impression on this was important. Someone I could trust. What's wrong? What's the matter? - My palms are damp. - They're always damp. - Yes, sir. - So is something wrong? No no. Well, the great prospector's found his second wind. You tell me, Al. Have you a doubt or misgiving? You tell me. Generally, if I have a misgiving or a doubt, I kill the cocksucker I have a doubt and misgiving about. But these are special circumstances. I don't know what you mean by "special circumstances." If I want to, I can burn the whole fucking camp down. - Yes, you can. - Cut your throat first, and then burn down the whole fucking camp. - You can-- - So I don't know what you mean. I mean, short of burning it all down, you gotta trust someone. - What were you doing over there? - Where? - Where? - At the Bella Union? Get an impression, scouting. Listen to me, listen to me. I was the go-between, it was me. But without malicious intention. Well... I confess to being winded. Oh no, Dan. No. No. Mother. Simple greed. One less hotel in camp, shorten up the room supply. No conspiracy, no betrayal. If you're gonna murder me, I'd appreciate a quick dying. And not getting ate by the pigs-- in case there is resurrection of the flesh. Stay friendly with them cocksuckers. With them Bella Union people? Can't help yourself, can you? (wheezing) You fell, but you'll be all right. I'm gonna take care of you. Hold on a second. No hollering. I'll take care of you. Now, hush. (grunts) (piano music playing) Tina and Molly can be quiet if you want him kept company. That man's already doing all he wants to. If I send him anyone, it'd be you. Are you loaded, Leon? Well on the path, Mr. Tolliver. That man at The Gem has got some serious shit. I know when you'd make your first report on us to him, you'll remember to say thanks. I hope you're not too fucked up to deal the deuce for us, Leon. Opium ain't been made yet, Mr. Sawyer, that can fuck me up that bad. I'll tug his reins. - I hope our hero wins. - Count on it. If Bill comes, I'm gonna move you to that nice pallet over there, only 'cause he's far too big for it and so too would I be. So if you wake up on the pallet, that's what happened. And him and me being where we are is the circumstances of the room, period. And the grownups are just sleeping. But don't be afraid to-- to-- to wake me up. All right. Sweetheart, go to sleep. I'm right here. Not too fucking deep, huh? I won't. Trust. Hell of a way to operate, huh? Learning at all the ins and outs of getting killed. Not too fucking deep. Every fucking beating I'm grateful for. Every fucking one of them. Get all the trust beat outta you. Then you know what the fucking world is. (knocks at door) Al, open up, it's me, it's Dan! You're gonna wanna hear this, open up! Come here, sit down. - Well, it's a mixed report. - You just tell me, is it done? Oh, it's done. Yeah, he's gone. So what's the mixture? He went owning one hell of a fucking gold strike. Where's the dude now? Splattered at the bottom of the ridge. Ride back out. Bring him back in at dawn. All right. Trixie! You want the other foot? Yeah. Please. (country ballad playing) ♪ Kick off your high heels ♪ ♪ Careful where you stand ♪ ♪ Kick off your high heels ♪ ♪ Careful where you stand ♪ ♪ Don't you move too close, I'm a twisted little man ♪ ♪ Heaven help me, I know what I am ♪ ♪ Don't you move too close, I'm a twisted little man. ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 