Deadwood: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Deadwood 
 s1e8 - Suffer the Little Children - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Deadwood (2004–2006): Season 1, Episode 8 - Suffer the Little Children - full transcript 
 Deadwood breathes easier when some riders arrive in town with the smallpox vaccine, and word of a possible treaty with the Sioux. The results of Bullock's analysis of her gold claim move Alma to reassess her plans and sets up a confrontation between Bullock and Swearengen. When Flora tries to quit, Cy teaches Joanie a deadly lesson at the expense of a couple of con artists. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\move(10,10,190,230,100,400)\fad(0,1000)\fscx25\fscy25\t(0,6000,\fscx125\fscy125)\c&H000000;&\3c&H00FFFF;&}anoXmous {\move(400,10,190,270,100,400)\fad(0,1000)\fscx25\fscy25\t(0,6000,\fscx125\fscy125)\c&HFF0000;&\3c&H00FFFF;&}https://thepiratebay.se/user/Zen_Bud  Al: You might, Dan, want to learn how to indicate interest in a girl other than murdering another person. I apologize for the disruption and the free drinks you had to give out restoring order. Jesus Christ, it's false dawn, Al. False dawn already. If we're gonna act, we should do it in darkness. Where's the fucking whore? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Wherever Trixie is, we know what we need to. Bullock's four square behind the New York woman. The question's do we act? And to me, the course is clear. Well, what's the course? Murder them where they sleep! The New York woman and Bullock both. Dan, loan EB your knife. I won't brandish the knife, but I'll wield a passkey at the widow's door. As for Bullock, he sleeps on his store's second floor, and I'll steady a ladder, Dan, at that wall, while you climb up and bushwhack him. Then, with them dead and disposed of, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 we forge a predated bill of sale, take possession of the claim with the allocated percentages of ownership previously agreed to in our internal discussions, and don't spend a fucking dollar in the process. Bold? I suppose. But when boldness is called for, bold men do not shrink. That's what the B in EB Farnum stands for. Bold. (slams desk) You're goddamn right. Say it, Al. Say the fucking words my bones already know. You're gonna back off on that fucking claim. (gunshots) (cheering) We brung it, sir. Vaccine for the smallpox, secured in Cheyenne. Well done, fellas, and congratulations from the entire fucking settlement. EB, get downstairs and give these heroes what they're owed. - Yes, sir. $50 a man. - If you don't spend it in my joint, I'll turn the mourning over to weeping. You won't shed nary a tear on our account, Mr. Swearengen. Vaccine to Doc Cochran in the pest tent. We'll be toasting the treaty too with the fucking heathens. - Explain yourself. - Man: They've all been called back to the agency. We heard that in Cheyenne. - Are they going's the fucking question. - Fuck yeah, they are. Man #2: That's the word in Cheyenne. Red Cloud and Spotted Tail are leading their people in. Dan, $10 in bonus credits across the board for these heroes. 10 in pussy, 10 in faro, 10 in booze. - (men cheer) - God bless you, Mr. Swearengen! Well, not likely, but my short-term prospects just improved. Say the words, so I can let the dream die. EB, did you not hear the fucking news? Did you not listen to the fucking news? The plague's end's in prospect. And so's peace with the fucking dirt worshippers. Come here, come here. Sit down. The dam... has broken, young man, and only ourselves can fuck up, for we are about to be swimming in money. And how could we fuck up? By engaging in open fucking bloodletting. When right here at hand in our very hour of need is the priggish fucking douchebag Bullock, who only wants to sell pots and pans, fan his pretty face and hold his nose from the stench of our sordid carryings on over here, all the time thinking he can protect the meek and innocent. The perfect fucking front man. And you want to kill him? Much as we might want the widow's claim, it's a luxury now to forego. EB, find yourself somewhere to lie down till the feeling passes, huh? First I'll go give the hoople-heads their money. Thank you. You go find that fucking whore. What the fuck is this, huh? (hoarsely) I lost my voice. (knocks) - What happened? - I seen something bad. Come in. Here, sit down. I seen something at the place my brother works. A man was stabbed and killed right in front of me. One man said he didn't like the way the other man was looking at me and he stabbed and killed him. Drink this. Where's your brother now? We got a room. I'll go in a minute. It's all right, Flora. I just come to say I don't know if I can do this. It's horrible. It's one thing leads to another and you never know when it's gonna happen. Mostly you can steer it, sweetheart, and when it's gonna get to where you can't, you get just a little notice, just a couple of seconds before the one thing turns into the other. It's like a funny smell comes into the air, then you know there's no more steering and get the hell out of the way. I smelled it in the saloon. And did you get out of the way in time? It's all right. It's all right. Miles doesn't know nothing. He didn't smell nothing and he didn't know nothing about what to do. All right, I know. Can I stay? Can I sleep here with you just this last little while before we have to get up? Yeah, you can sleep here with me. Can you help? - Name? - Mullins. Make your mark. Saint Andy Cramed. All that's missing are the scourges and flays. - Maybe they're under his shirt. - (laughs) Kind of you to let us work out of the horseshit and flies. Sure. (groans) Jesus Christ! (rasping) Have you seen Trixie, Doc? What? Trixie. No. Tea and honey. - For this? - You are a stupid son of a bitch. Yeah, the traffic's a boon, Seth. We're up $27 already from yesterday's entire proceeds. Good. Pitiful specimen you are. It wasn't the pinprick. I ain't ate. Really? Strange you never keeled over when we was hungry on the fucking trail. Your boss speak to you about sending me an assayer this morning? No, sir, he didn't. I will remind him once I finish this errand I'm on. I only got one place left to look: Bella Union-- that's our competition. Well, I'll tell him what you said. Good morning. Good morning, Mr. Bullock. Come to have the child inoculated? Yes, and to tell you, for reasons we needn't explore, that my plans have changed. As soon as I can arrange transportation I'll return with the child to New York City. Why needn't we explore your reasons? Because, Mr. Bullock, I've already quite sufficiently imposed upon you my private reasons and facts. As regards to the claim my husband purchased before his murder, I'm inclined to accept the last bid from Mr. Swearengen's hand-puppet and I would be very grateful if you would tell Mr. Farnum so, as speaking to him directly makes me ill. I'm gonna assay your claim, Mrs. Garret. I promised Mr. Hickok and I promised you. I released you from your promise to me yesterday. - And today I instruct you not to keep it. - You do tend to change your mind, and the first promise, you weren't a party to. Why don't you get the child inoculated? I'll go about my business, and we'll revisit the whole mess subsequently. Don't fucking lead Ellsworth right to it so he can hoop and holler and hail fucking Bullock. You walk around. You're discouraged. It's not even worth it to make the steep ascent. I start from below? You start at the fucking creek. What, do you want to start at the cliff? The three of you leap the fuck off holding hands? Top o' the mornin'. I'm to lead you to the widow Garret's claim. - You're the assayer? - Nope. - I'm to take you to him. - He's one claim over. Nice fucking guy and a dead eye for the fucking color. - Ellsworth. - Ellsworth... is absolutely right. Dan: Well, come on. I was inoculated some time ago, but I thought she should be treated before our trip. I am delighted you're taking her with you. It was Trixie who made me realize that my reasons for staying weren't sound. Glad she succeeded where I failed. I intend to write her a note of profound thanks. I hope that you'll deliver it to her at Mr. Swearengen's saloon. Is that where she went when she left you? Yes. I certainly assume so. Sorry, I'm sorry, honey. It's all over. When will you be leavin'? As quickly as is practical. Mr. Utter can see to your travel arrangements. Soon as he gets his wits back, I'll send him to you. Thank you, Doctor. Thank you for everything. What did she say about Trixie? Nothin'. How'd you do with that bloodstain? I scrubbed it real hard. Did I ask you how hard you fucking scrubbed? - No. - No. I asked if you got it out. Get me the fuckin' scrub brush. Every fucking thing I gotta do myself, huh? - Where is she?! - Trixie? No, Queen fucking Victoria. Last I saw her was yesterday when she came to see you. Just get me the fucking scrub brush. Gives her word she'll return, where the fuck is she, huh? What'd she say to you when you saw her? She said her pussy hurt where you grabbed it. That has a ring of fucking truth. She said you nearly killed her. She said to me she'd be right back. A fool's fucking errand, anyway. I found out what I needed to know when I looked in that cocksucker Bullock's eyes while Dority was spilling blood that you have failed to adequately clean up. You want me to do some more? No, shut the fuck up. Now what's she doin'? Is she making a point? No grabbing at the cunt? - Is that what she said to you? - No. I mean, y-you-- she told you, right, that I grabbed her? Did she have an attitude about it? She didn't have an attitude. She just said her pussy hurt. Agh. Point's made with the snatch grabs, okay. 50 other fucking things I should be paying attention to, rosiest prospects of my career, and here I am on my fucking hands and knees discussing snippets of information with a gimp. There! Now that's how you scrub a fucking bloodstain! I couldn't find Trixie. You see her, you send her the fuck back to me, 'cause if I see her outside, she'll wish I had fucking killed her before. That shot didn't hurt too bad, Al, but it fucking itches. Yeah? Good. You had your shot yet, kid? Not yet. The line was too long and I did not want to be late for work. Open for business. And talk like him - until further instructed. - (rasps) Yes, sir. Aw, Jesus. Trixie? God damn it, Trixie, wake up. - Wake up, Trixie. - (knock on door) - Trixie, wake up-- - AW: Doc! Doc! - What?! - Doc! - Stay the fuck over there! - It's AW, Doc. Stay the fuck over there, anyway. Uh, I don't take your bad temper personally, Doc. The hours you're working would try a saint. What do you want? (panting) I'm in pain, Doc, in the small of my back, which I'm aware is a precursor symptom. - When did the pain start? - Am I warm? Answer the question. Well, it's become more concentrated and severe. - Why did you strike me? - To secure your attention. When did the pain start? The original pain I've lived with for quite some time, but in this last period, it's become much more concentrated and severe. In viewing the context of this outbreak, I knew I should consult you. - Ow. - You don't have a fever. - I don't? - No. You put on weight? May I ask that query's relevance? It's harder on your back as you get fatter. So in concert with the symptoms I'm already exhibiting, you'd say be alert for fever? And work hard on your paper. - And get yourself inoculated. - Uh-huh. And try to eat less. You botched this job pretty good, didn't you, young lady? Now you listen to me-- if you want, I will do the job for you right. But first, I want you to know that that rich woman is leaving town and she told me that she would take you with her. I know that you thought enough of that woman to help her get off this... stuff you tried to use to kill yourself with. But what I don't know is if you wanted to die period, or 'cause you thought you didn't have a way out of here? 'Cause you do have a way out. Is that a vote for New York City? All right, then. (door opens) Morning, Mr. Tolliver. Good morning, Flora. I swear I saw you leave last night after your shift. I come back. A man was murdered where my brother works, at The Gem saloon, - and I got scared. - You saw it, honey? Yes, sir. I was there picking my brother up. You're brave to even be in a joint like that. And after, you sought refuge with Joanie, did you? - Yes, sir. - No better port in a storm. - Anyways, I'll go change. - Good girl. Good for you. - You've settle in real good, Flora. - Thank you, sir. Mm-hmm, Joanie Stubbs. Is that a fresh scalp I see hanging from your belt? She saw a gutting last night. She was upset. I held her. Terrance: I was watching for you at the door, Flora, but here you are already inside. Not working yet, Terrance. Poor thing. Adjusting so smooth to losing her cherry and yet that upset by blood. She lost her cherry back home. I told you that. Gonna put your garters on now? I'll give you $2 for that apple and a piece of cheese. It's my knife. You want to buy that? I've got a fucking knife. I'll just be a second-- take my brother his lunch. Sure, honey. Unless she ain't upset at all. What happened now, Flora? I thought you was changin' into your garters. You geek-looking fuck. Get away from me before I cut your fucking heart out. (knocks) It's Dr. Cochran. Doctor. Trixie tried to commit suicide with laudanum. - My God. - She punctured her vein. That's the only reason why she's still alive. Who's with her? No one at the goddamn moment is with her, Mrs. Garret. Her situation in this camp isn't such that that would be safe. Which is why, while trying to dissuade her from future efforts at murdering herself, I told a fib, invoking your name and willingness to take her with you on your trip. Last night, Doctor, I made that very offer to Trixie. She refused. More precisely, I offered to send Trixie to New York with the child, to make the appropriate introductions to my family and to pay to see them established. Is it possible, Mrs. Garret, that leaving this camp and heading to New York City in service to you and the child might, to a girl like Trixie, appear a more realistic proposition than being dispatched on some cruel masquerade? Please tell her she's welcome. Tell her she's necessary. If her indisposition doesn't preclude it, I'd be happy to tell her myself. Thank you, madam. Ellsworth: If I'm to get my throat cut, Dan, I'd rather not exert myself further. If I have any choice in the matter, I'd prefer one behind the ear. Keep climbing, Ellsworth. You're off the hook for seeing that New York dude's accident. If Swearengen was moved to trust, I know you spoke for me hard. Well, I didn't. Didn't speak against you. You might try takin' a gander over to your right. You don't have to tell me where to fucking look. If you're the goddamn assayer, shouldn't I be following you? Head on back down, Mr. Bullock. We think we found a formation worth looking at. Young lady, thank Christ. I'd feared after the murder you'd shun us. I come for lunch with Miles. Bless you then for being a caring sister. - Miles! - Sir? Miles, you lucky son of a bitch, your sister's here with your lunch. She brought you a fresh apple and some kind of delicacy wrapped in swaddling. I've been scrubbing that bloodstain all mornin', and the cripple has too. Situate your sister to spare her staring at that fucking stain, huh? - Let's do it. - Now? - Now, and get the fuck outta here. - What if-- Flora, if we do it slow and right, we're 50 miles gone - before anyone knows we blew. - My boss is onto me. Savvy operator from Chicago and you can tell he's on to you? Savvy enough that he didn't crack and I still could fucking tell. You're full of shit. You want to do it fast and dirty so you have to cut somebody's throat. - This joint you want to take? - Where I work. - Where your boss is onto you? - I can move the dyke. Held me in her arms all night like I was a little fucking kid. Can I assume there's a fucking plan? Mr. Bullock, what ho? Mrs. Garret's room. Number two. Don't sell, Mrs. Garret. Darling... um, I'm going to be unspeakably rude and leave you here alone for just a moment while I go downstairs with Mr. Bullock, who's just arrived with the most interesting news, and whom I-- I can't receive here in my room, particularly with you present-- for reasons too boring and complex to explain. So I'm going to go downstairs to speak with Mr. Bullock in Mr. Farnum's absurd restaurant, then I'll come back up and we will continue to ready our leaving. All right, darling? I'll be in the restaurant for just one moment. Can I bring you a glass of milk? All right. I'll-- I'll be right back. May I inquire as to the assay's outcome? - Ask the owner. - Mrs. Garret? Is the technical term "bonanza"? That's the look of it. It's a bonanza, Mr. Farnum. I see. Congratulations. (whimpers) Does the find change your mind at all about New York City? I can't see why it would. I can't either, but I don't count. Of course you count. Why wouldn't you? 'Cause your changes of mind come so quick and often I can't keep up. I can't understand what changed your mind from yesterday when it was made up to stay. I was made to understand last night that my reasons for wanting to stay have been completely selfish. - By who? - Trixie. I'd offered to send her to New York City with the child, where Trixie, I've since come to realize, would be completely unsuited and because I wished to stay here unencumbered when I should be caring for the child. Why can't you care for her here? Where the fuck is he? Said he was gonna go tell the widow of her find. How the fuck long does it take to tell her? I don't know, Al. I'm here with you. - Are you getting smart with me now? - No. Cocksucker Bullock. When you can't stand the sight of him, he's nowhere but underfoot. Sir, my sister was told of a man who resembles our father's photograph down by Lead, and I'd be grateful if this afternoon I could go look and maybe I could take a night shift to make up. If I said no, I'd hope you'd walk out and go looking anyway, then seek a new job elsewhere after. That is what I'd do, sir. All right, kid. Go look for him. Tell Arnette at the livery stable I'll stand metal for the horse. If your sister looks with you, tell Arnette I'm good for her mount. So you think it's a good idea to go? It's why the fuck you're here, isn't it? Right. I'm gonna go get the horses then. Permission to leave the bar, trooper. Thanks to both of you. Ah, struck rich for the widow, huh, Bullock? Free drink! Big, huh? Rich and fucking thick, that vein is? Not being expert, I can't guess at the extent. Dan's a fucking expert. When he's not shit-faced drunk, so is Ellsworth. The immediate result is she won't be sellin'. Of course, she fucking won't. I should fucking think not, huh? Not for any $20,000 at least. Come here, Bullock. Come drink with your vanquished foe. Al: Very good of you and Mr. Star, incidentally, to make your venue available so the hoople-heads could get vaccinated. I was the second hoople-head stuck. Them riders that brought the vaccine say the heathens have been called back to the agency. In a spasm of good sense, they're fucking going. I heard. Before you know it, we'll have laws here and every other fucking thing. Yeah, which brings me, Bullock, to the matter of the widow. I wanted to show you my bona fides for cooperation. If a treaty is signed, be wise for you and me to paddle in the same direction. Tics or habits of behavior either finds dislikable in the other gotta be overlooked or taken with a grain of salt. Would your bona fides extend to Mrs. Garret's future safety? My oath on this: every day that the widow sits on her ass in New York City, looks west at sunset and thinks to herself, "God bless you ignorant cocksuckers in Deadwood, who strive mightily and at little money to add to my ever-increasing fortune," she'll be safe from the wiles of Al Swearengen. She's stayin'. The oath stands as a gesture to you. - Can I take a shave over here? - Please. Barney, be careful in the area of the throat, huh? If you authorized an offer of 20 on the widow's claim... your agent was looking to skim a little cream. - How high did EB go? - $19,500. I wouldn't trust a man that wouldn't try to steal a little. Where's that fucking whore? You stay here, sweetheart. I'm so very sorry... for any part that I may have played in this. I don't remember you being the one that made me a whore, Mrs. Garret. I'm going to stay in the camp with the child, Trixie. Dr. Cochran explained to me the difficulties your extraordinary kindness toward me has put you in in relationship to Mr. Swearengen. If you wish to stay, I'd be so grateful if you'd stay with us. But perhaps you want to go, Trixie. If you do... take this... as your earnest claim on the future. I'll send you more. I appear to have struck it rich. I'll send you all that you need. Girl: Trixie? Trixie? Hello, sweetheart. (whispers) Don't I look tired? Sofia. Sofia. Sofia. You're so beautiful. I should've guessed it. Take her home, Mrs. Garret. How do you take my suggestion? Are you sure that gold's real? Absolutely. Uh, let me think things through. All right. (door opens, closes) - What's your name? - Elizabeth. - I'm quittin'. - All right, Flora. I left a pin up in your room. I wanna go look for it. Go ahead and look. When does the part come when that little piece of trim finally gets into her working clothes and starts making us some fucking money? She's quitting, Cy. She's quitting? And that seems to be your room she's walking into yet again. She lost a pin up there. A pin? Can you tell the stones from the paste? Show me which is which. I don't think so. - Let me take it. - Get outta here, Flora. Put down my things and I'll let you get out without raising hell. Why don't let me go with your things and shut your fucking mouth? Because I remind you of whoever the fuck I remind you of. No. Now what are you gonna do, Flora, kill me? Maybe. You think you're gonna get out of here alive? - I'll give it a goddamn whirl. - You're not gonna get out alive. You're gonna die here. Who am I? Your little baby? Your little sister? You? I wouldn't move this. - Did you find your pin? - I did, sir. Joanie tells me you're leaving us. Can't take it anymore, sir. Decided I wasn't cut out for it. My brother too. Decided he wasn't cut out for what? Sweeping up at The Gem saloon. (chuckling) I see. My first take on your meaning was they were fucking your brother for money over there like you was gettin' done to here. - Step aside and let me do my business. - (door closes) And what is your fucking business?! You with your beady little ferret eyes. She came to say goodbye, Cy. She's moving on. - It don't feel right to me, babe. - (grunts) But if I'm mistaken in my judgment, may I regret what I just did for the rest of my life. - Now let her go! - (grunts) - (Flora screaming) - You little cunt! You're gonna die here! (continues screaming) Come on! Get outta here. Get her out front. Get around! They're goin' over the top! Come on. Don't impede her progress, Joanie. Don't do nothing rash. - What are you doing? - What's none of your business! Them two robbed my joint. That's where they're gonna be dealt with. I guess they needn't get beat anymore out here. Take 'em the fuck inside, boys. And you can help your delicate sensibilities by turning the fuck away. Cy wants you up there, honey. Cy: I tell you, sweetheart, your face come out of that in pretty good shape. Matters took a happy turn, you could still probably work. (door opens) Come on in, honey, over here on what the dagos call my sinister side. Although your beady little rat eyes don't seem like they're taking in the view. You bust something up there, sweetheart?! Does that fuckin' hurt you?! You fuckin' understand me?! See, that upsets Joanie now. "Oh, Cy, do up the boy. My God, I can't stand to see the other." You want me to see to the boy, Joanie? 'Cause you know I'm clay in your hands. - Cy. - What is it, Eddie? - We could all be elsewhere? - Nothing but true. Are you awake, Miles? Don't be fucking passing out, youngster. Next breath you draw, the smell of sulfur's liable to be strong in your nose. Where is your fucking nose, anyway? Fuck it, Miles! You're found fuckin' guilty of being a cunt. I'm hereby passing judgment for your lettin' this bitch push you around and tell you what to do when you were supposed to be a man and showing her the fucking rules! You hear me, Miles? Enough of being the cunt you are now, before you could have been a man, done your fucking part, you little piece of shit. - (whimpers) - I know you don't want out of here, Joanie. - Don't hurt her, Cy. - Don't hurt her? You mean before I kill her? Yes. Listen to that, Flora. That's the person you robbed, who had those kind of feelings for you. But I'm the one you stabbed. See, I think your fuckin' skull's broken, Flora. If you're trying for the knife, it's maybe a foot to your left. This is fucking pitiful. Why don't you put that out of its misery? (moaning) - (gunshot) - (grunts) Don't do nothin'. Whatever you want to do will be a mistake. You keep drawing breath right here. (piano playing) You did everything you could, EB, to preserve our fucking interests. I mean, you know, sometimes the cards go cold. Far as the events at the Bella Union, by all accounts, it was two young thieves, a boy and a girl. We all know who they are. Who they are now is late night vittles for Wu's pigs. That young girl had me fooled. Your dick had you fooled. And in that state of addlement, you mistook her purpose, her so-called brother's and their entire fucking cockeyed story. You did do everything you could, didn't you, EB? - You went to the limit on our offer. - Everything humanly possible. - You did go to the limit? - Well, I went to the limit's precipice. Sounds like you didn't go to the limit. Al, I held back a few dollars-- - against some final unforeseen turn. - So we'll never know if them few dollars you held back wouldn't have made us both fucking rich. (retching) I'm going up. Find out how much Tolliver paid Wu. Don't want to be suckin' hind tit on disposal fees. Don't think I enjoyed that bullshit, Joanie. Certain things you have to do to impress upon people what you're willing to do. Do you like it? No. Do you enjoy it? No. Do you have to look like you do? Yes. I got Eddie in there. Gotta let him know. Capra's downstairs, gonna hear about it. When people come to rob you, Joanie, you gotta get rough. If it looks like an act, it's not gonna work. And then I grab your hand... and I think, "My God, this poor fucking girl." But I did what I had to do in that room. And now I'm out here. I'm telling you, your happiness is important to me. And whatever the fuck I gotta do, if you're too much in my shadow, if I make things too tough on you, then we'll stop it. - We're gonna do something else. - Cy. You bring warmth into my life. I can't bear to see you unhappy like this. I want... to set you up in your own business here. Independent fucking operator. I'll put up the money. Any kind of interest in return, that's fine, but that ain't what this is about. It'll be your place. I want you to feel when I walk in there that you can say, "I'm busy, Cy. Come back later." I want you to watch me turn around when you say that like I'm some rube trick with my chin down on the floor. "When should I try you again, Joanie?" "I'll let you know, Cy." That's how I want you to feel. I used to make you warm, didn't I, Cy? And I could make you feel like something was funny. You still do, honey. When you're happy, you still do. Kill me too, Cy, or let me go. I understood myself to be sayin', Joanie, I want to find a way to give you a looser fucking rein. You've gotta figure out a way to mean it. If you don't kill me or let me go, I'm gonna kill you. Has he got you at your hands and knees at 2:00 in the fucking morning? I got myself on my hands and knees, wondering what became of you. Wake up, David. I'm up. ♪ Row row row row your boat ♪ ♪ Gently down the stream ♪ ♪ Merrily merrily merrily merrily ♪ ♪ Life is but a dream... ♪ (door opens) (country ballad playing) ♪ I was a-standin' by my window ♪ ♪ Oh, one cold and cloudy day ♪ ♪ When I saw that hearse come rollin' ♪ ♪ For to carry my mother away ♪ ♪ Will a circle be unbroken? ♪ ♪ By and by, Lord, by and by ♪ ♪ There's a better home awaiting ♪ ♪ In the sky, Lord, in the sky. ♪ Yeah yeah yeah. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 