Deadwood: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Deadwood 
 s1e2 - Deep Water - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Deadwood (2004–2006): Season 1, Episode 2 - Deep Water - full transcript 
 As suspicions arise that "road agents" may have been the true perpetrators of a massacre, Swearengen takes a special interest in the health of its sole survivor, a young girl ministered to by the unlikely team of Doc Cochran and Calamity Jane. Meanwhile, Bullock and Star attempt to buy property from Swearengen, who suspects an alliance between Wild Bill and the hardware fellows. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\move(10,10,190,230,100,400)\fad(0,1000)\fscx25\fscy25\t(0,6000,\fscx125\fscy125)\c&H000000;&\3c&H00FFFF;&}anoXmous {\move(400,10,190,270,100,400)\fad(0,1000)\fscx25\fscy25\t(0,6000,\fscx125\fscy125)\c&HFF0000;&\3c&H00FFFF;&}https://thepiratebay.se/user/Zen_Bud  Man: Hold it, now keep the tension on it, boys! Got to pull it to the left. That's it! (pigs squealing) (barking) Wash-ee. Wash-ee. Eat-ee. His doggie them eat-ee too. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Or eat-ee him yourself, you leering heathen. (men chattering) (urinating) Is this for me? Brought it for you. Get out. Pointed the gun at him! Boom, shot him right there! That's the guy over there. Him or Wild Bill shot the guy right in the eye. You touch that hotel's kitchen, Seth? I'll meet you. Men like Mr. Seth Bullock there raise their camp up. Yeah, fella to be put in that box might argue with you, Reverend. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mr. Bullock did not draw first. And I point to his commissioning me to build the departed a coffin and see to his Christian burial. Well, any idea of the departed's name? In his effects I found a letter addressed to Tom Mason. Well, I know a Tom Mason. But that feller keeping cool in the creek, that ain't him. Which, having prayed, I decided to open. The sender, Mrs. Walter Mason, writes, "I've asked your brother Ned to bear this to you." From which I conclude the departed's name is Ned. Ned Mason, huh? Perhaps the Tom Mason you know is the dead man's brother? If he is in camp he should be notified. No, I ain't seen Tom around. Coffee! Morning, Al. I'd like someone to tell me what in fuck is going forward in this camp? Tim Driscoll's checked out. I can tell you that much. - Left your hotel, has he? - Moved to Wu's pigsty. - What was that shootout about? - At sun-up? - Yeah, fucking sun-up! - Far as I heard, Al, Hickok and one of them hardware guys you're renting to, threw down on the fella brought word in of that squarehead family's massacre. Suspected he was in on the kill. What's it to Hickok or that hardware guy either - how them squareheads come to die? - I couldn't agree with you more. (leg dragging) If you don't stop dragging that fucking leg... Coffee? I might have one cup. Did you know one squarehead lived? Little squarehead girl. They took her to the doc's. - What condition? - I don't know, Al. If she was to live, wouldn't she have a story to tell? (snorts) Wake up. - How's that little one? - She's still among us. I'm asking you what her prospects are? If her wounds don't fester, she might could have a fighting chance. Good. Doc: None of that to him. Oh, he's all right. Not a word. - Morning. - Morning, Bullock. I was wondering how that child fared. Iffy. Touch and go. I'm not optimistic. - Has she spoken? - She's not conscious. Be surprised if she ever is. I'd like to hear whichever way it goes. If you see Bill Hickok or that sore asshole Charlie Utter, could you tell him I looked to the stock? Sure, I'll let 'em know. You're wrong not to trust him. He formed the party that found that little one among all the dead of her family. Didn't he? And didn't he also shoot a man he suspected in the murders? And if I were to confide in him would he circulate my optimism? I mean, wouldn't he say, "When the little one speaks, you'll see I was right. Not the Sioux killed her family, but road agents"? And supposing it was road agents and they hear his talk, where's the little one stand then? You got a dark turn of mind. I see as much misery outta them moving to justify theirselves as them that set out to do harm. Charlie: Same dead roach in the same damn biscuit. He stuck to his position. - Morning. - Morning, Montana. Yeah. - Joe? - Much obliged. Your friend asked me to say - she's looked to your stock. - Thanks. She's back now watching over that child we found. Far as her chances, the doc's not optimistic. From the look of him, think that doc's been wrong once or twice in his life? Maybe once or twice. - We'll likely be by your tent later. - Sol: Good. Get Bill here outfitted with some prospecting gear. Yes, sir. Don't do that, Charlie. - Do what? - Trumpet my intentions. Herd me like a damn steer. Ain't you here to prospect gold? If you're just gonna gamble, Bill, let's get it set. I'll arrange appearance money for you. That ain't gambling. It's shilling for the house. It's getting you a regular damn source of income, so's this don't wind up like Cheyenne. What offer should we make at the purchase of that lot? Barber next to us paid 600 for his lot 10 days ago. - Seller's market. - Mm-hmm. I'd say we're well bought at 750, we don't go past 1,000. Uh, may I, um, join you? Well, Mr. Bullock, after the events of last night, for an ink-stained wretch like myself finding you and Mr. Hickok here in the same dining room is luck indeed. I don't want to talk about last night's events. All right, fair enough. I know how to pocket my notebook, sir. The same wretched biscuits. Mrs. Garret. - I hoped you slept well. - As it happens, I did not. I'm very sorry. Do you require the doctor? Yes. Please. Certainly, ma'am, of course. Sorry you're poorly again. That is Mrs. Alma Garret. Whose husband, I'm told, standing at the bar at Swearengen's saloon purchased a gold claim last night for $20,000. We rent our lot from Al Swearengen. I'm not surprised to hear it. Tim Driscoll, the claim's seller, lives here in this hotel. He, uh... must be sleeping in. Do you mind? Morning, boys! - Good morning! - Ellsworth. Name's Ellsworth. I hear you bought these digs. Brom Garret. How do you do? My claim's next one over. I see. You cleaning up any yellow? Day's young! How are things running at your claim? Made my quota for whiskey, pussy and food. Then you best get on down to The Gem, Ellsworth. Further efforts'll only benefit the faro dealers. This exact spot showed a fistful of nuggets two nights ago. Well, don't weaken, pilgrim. Nuggets are nothing. She's usually gonna show you some flake. Thanks for the encouraging words. She hasn't even showed me any flake. Oh, hell. Johnny: "Well, I doubt that, Reverend," I say, "The Tom Mason I know is nowhere near here." But what I was thinking is damned if Al didn't center shoot the bull's-eye. It wasn't Sioux killed them squareheads. But it was Persimmon Phil, Tom Mason and that croaker headed for his coffin, who's probably some fuck-up younger brother of Tom's named Ned. Listen to me, go get Doc Cochran. And I never tipped the thumper to none of it, Al. Played it dumb as a pile of rocks. Go get the doc. Say I want him to see to the whores. All right, Al. 'Scuse me, fella. Mr. Swearengen. Yeah, that's right. - Sol Star. - Seth Bullock. Rent on lot four. Lot four? The hardware boys, hmm? Here, I wanna buy you fellas a drink. How's business on that lot? Hell of a spot, isn't it? Any more foot traffic you'd have to call it a riot. Now, I'm turning back slow. Nothing in hand but this whiskey bottle. I heard you're not a man I want mistaking my intentions. Who says that? I'd like to ask 'em what they mean. - A fella drew on Seth this morning. - Never heard different. No one mistook his intentions. Let's leave it all alone. I am stupidest when I try to be funny. There you go, fellas. And these are still free. Sorry for hitting a nerve, huh? We'd like to make an offer on that lot we're renting. Sell my back teeth for the right money. Would 600 get the job done? I guess before I made a price I'd want to know if you boys - have unnamed partners? - Why? I think specifically Wild Bill Hickok. Didn't you act together this morning? We just met Wild Bill. What business of that is his? You mean what business of mine is that? Don't tell me what the fuck I mean. Not a tone to get a deal done. Can we sort it out another time? Thirsty people coming. Sure. You and me will find our proper stride. - All right. - Good luck on the day's trade. I won't wish you luck. I can tell you ain't the type that needs it, Sol Star, right? That's a Jewish name. - Mine isn't, but nice to meet you, son. - Pleasure. Marked you for an earner the minute you come in my sight. Jew bastard. Ah, two wayfarers when I'd heard you were three. How you doing, Al? Shall we all let's drink upstairs? I can be persuaded. Will you have a whore, Tom, or you still staying true to that heifer? It's over 'tween me and her. Old Tommy went sweet on a buffalo down by Yankton. Where's brother Neddy, anyway? Fuck if I know. That fucker. I'll take her. Pick another. - I don't like that son of a bitch. - Thank God you didn't let him see it. Calls me loose with a gun. Was he there? We'll just get the lot bought and have nothing to do with him. Buy the lot and then we'll give him wide berth. I've acted on your commission, Mr. Bullock. - Built a coffin and dug a grave. - Thank you. Will you join me now for the burial service? Charlie: All I was saying, Bill, is till you start your prospecting, if you're gonna gamble, let's get you protected a little. I know what you were saying. The extra business you bring a joint, interruptions you stand for or folks wanting to glad-hand, that all deserves compensation. Don't shop me to those places, Charlie. - (knock at door) - EB Farnum, gentlemen. Mr. Utter's room is ready. Clean and thoroughly aired. The previous guest was Irish. No tip necessary, sir. I operate the hotel. I've replenished your supply of medicine. Thank you, doctor. I'm very grateful for your attention. I only wish my symptoms would subside. If I were to tell you that I would see to your requirements, whether you had symptoms or not, do you suppose that would help you to heal? I don't know what you mean. I believe you do, madam. I believe we understand each other. There are people in this camp in genuine need of my attention. Make this adequate to your purposes for the next several days. Well, thank you, doctor. (Tom moaning) Listen to Tom carrying on in there. Bad luck he wasn't here yesterday. Yeah, what'd we miss? Squarehead family I could've tipped you to - heading back to Minnesota. - Well off? - Worth still trying to catch, are they? - Sioux already caught up with them. Did for them last night on the road to Spearfish. Heathen cocksuckers. So we missed a good score there, did we? Keep lying and I'll murder you in that chair. I'm gonna tell you what happened, Al. And this is the God's honest truth. We come on that family by accident. Nobody was trying to hold out your end or anything of the sort. Or to conceal a goddamned thing. That's your end, right there. Weighed to the ounce. My problem was we didn't clear this with you. And you know how you get, Al. I mean, you know that yourself. But my problem was bringing up the subject. But, uh... that's all weighed out there. You know why I get how I get? You wanna see over the job, you don't like loose ends. - I appreciate that. - Don't like messes or things done half-ass, bags of shit left to hold. There's no loose ends, I'll guarantee you. 'Cause I got a whole operation here to consider. (moaning and pounding) (chuckling) Listen to Tom. One of the squareheads lived. - No. - No? I'm saying that's pretty hard to believe. I believe you, but we seen to 'em pretty good. They brought it to camp. It's at the sawbone's. Is it talking? Can it speak English? When we was seeing to 'em, they was all screaming in squarehead. Where's Ned Mason? That's a fucking story right there, Al. If you knew the fucking problem. When it comes the squareheads' time, he spooks and runs off. Tom's and my hands as full as they was doing what we had to do, so God knows where he got off to. That's your cut there. That reflects he's out. - There's no cut there-- - He came here. (sighs) No. Say no again, I'll murder you where you fucking sit. - He swore he'd head to Cheyenne. - Yeah, but here's closer, isn't it? All you cocksuckers go for the easiest chance. So, where is he now? Where he is now is he stirs the whole camp up last night with his massacre story till I'm giving liquor away and cunt at half price just to keep my crowd controlled. Party makes up from Nuttall's to ride back out to Spearfish. Wild Bill Hickok and those two guys walked past you downstairs save the squarehead kid, tell Ned to stick around till they see what the kid has to say about him. Wild Bill Hickok? And Ned throws down. Against Wild Bill Hickok? Against Hickok and this other cocksucker who draws almost as fast. So it's a tossup who blew Ned's head off. Christ, Al... I'm really sorry for the bother. So you let Ned run, you leave a squarehead alive and me to clean up the mess and those are the only loose ends? I want you to have my share. I swear to fucking Christ, Al. I don't want your fucking share. I don't want that kid telling people in English, or squarehead or drawing pictures in the shit with twigs about how it wasn't Indians that killed her people but whites! This camp could be up for grabs. God knows what these cocksuckers are up to, Hickok and the rest, or what I'm gonna have to do about it. Just when I need to keep my head clear you give me these bags of shit to hold! I should cut your fucking throat, Phil! Please don't cut my throat. Let me help you straighten this out. That snatch is branded! What happened? Tipped over. I'm helping him up. Put your iron away now, Tom. Not yet! Branding at the flag! - (loud knocking) - Johnny: Doc? You'll get me in dutch with Al! Just another damn moment! Don't put any pressure on it, just lay it on light. It looks like I'm pressing, I'm not. I'm not putting any goddamned pressure! That's very good. That's very good. Johnny: Doc! I gotta go. I expect care for them whore's business areas is a big damn part of your income. This is what you want me to do? Ah, yes. And don't let anyone in. Believe me, anyone tries getting in here who's not you is gonna be damn fucking sorry. All right. I may not let you back. Our Christ, as He was crucified addressed the thief who was hanging by His side. "Verily I say unto thee, this day shalt thou be with me in paradise." Your ways are not our ways, O Lord. We abide the just and the unjust alike under Your tearless eye. Tearless not because You do not see us, but... because You see what we are so well. Lamb of God, who takest away the sin of the world, send Your angels to welcome this body into paradise. Lamb of God, who takest away the sin of the world, grant this soul eternal rest. Amen. That's a real generous perspective, Reverend. And don't we need all the generosity we can get? They butt into other people's business and make the business of others their own, these bought-out no-good cocksuckers. What, Hickok you're talking about? Fucking bigshot that he is. Big fucking shot when he's standing in front of you. One in his ear from behind, I'd like to see - how fucking tough he was. - That's right. Cocksucker. - (knocks) - Anyway, rest his soul. That's all. Condolences, Tom. He's gone, Johnny. I don't think you ever did meet him. Uh, no. Doc's here. Fuck Hickok! And what he did to your poor fucking brother, huh? This is festering because you won't take a flame to your damn needle. I do, Doc, every time before I use it. - Stop lying. - Anyways, I'm quitting. They say you're looking to a little one, Doc. - How's that unguent working? - It's nice and cool on me, Doc. I'm trying just a little bit more lanolin in it. Hey, give me a dollop of that! How's that pussy lotion feel? Should I try some on my ass? Al. Will she live? Let me look at your belly. Woman: I didn't know you cared, Doc. Will who live, Al? Norwegian kid. How many children you caring for? I'm not optimistic. I see. Where are you in your moons? - 'Bout two weeks along. - She speak English? What's she gotta say for herself anyway? She hasn't said a word or been conscious for a second. Oh, too bad. She could settle who killed her people, road agents or Sioux. I don't know nothing about that. Does that hurt? - Little bit. - But she does, see, Doc? That's the point. She could settle it. I doubt she'll settle anything. I doubt we'll even know what language she spoke. Give these girls a good going over, Doc. Look to 'em like they're your own. Don't tell me my job or how long to do it in. I can see to them and I can see to the way I'm goddamned able, and that is all I can goddamned do! Oh, what's your time of the month, huh? Are you poorly, Doc? Don't worry about me. I know what I am. What I'm not. What do you want? Doc asked me to see your patient. What for? What do you know about it? Who the fuck are you? Don't you fucking ignore me! You don't want to interfere with me. - You think I'm scared of you? - Sure you are. If I take a knife to you, you'll be scared worse and a long time dying. I ain't scared to die. I ain't scared of nobody. Get away from her! Le-- leave-- leave that little one alone! - Leave her alone! - Hello. Leave her! Leave-- leave her alone, you cocksucker! Do it to me if you have to! Why would I do it to you? (sobbing) Did you hurt her? No. No, Doc. But she's better than you thought. Her eyes are open. (sobbing) I fell apart. I couldn't look out for the little one. Fucker looked at me and I fell apart in front of him. All right. You're not the first. No, I'm not the first. Who said I was the first? You think he's the fucking first? I've been fucked plenty! And tougher fucks than he was and littler than her by plenty! They fucked me plenty! So you can go fuck yourself! (sobbing) Go on, head out. I'll look after her. Was he a road agent? Was he among them that did for her family? He owns The Gem saloon. Then what's it to him if she can open her eyes? - You go on ahead. - Does the road agents work for him? I'll take care of her. I'm sorry. I apologize. You got nothing to apologize for. You got a gift for this. You cared for her real good. - Don't be mean. - No. You got a gift. EB: Mr. Garret? How was your day at the digs? It was a mixed experience, Mr. Farnum. My claim retains every bit of its promise, but I'm afraid I've injured my back. All that twisting and turning. It's wrenched at least and I fear worse. I may not be cut out for this sort of activity. Oh, many aren't. Under the circumstances, perhaps I should reconsider. What, sir? I refer to your offer on my gold claim. My offer? Last night, Mr. Farnum, before witnesses at The Gem saloon you offered 16,000. I see. I'm prepared to reconsider. I have a confession to make, Mr. Garret. I have a weakness for spirits. Are you saying you were drunk last night? I must've been, sir. I black out and no memory at all of my actions. Please ignore any offers made while in my condition. And yet you didn't seem drunk. I suppose that's why I'm such a danger to myself. Jesus Christ Almighty, Al. Far as that sewer-mouth friend of Hickok's playing nurse, you can tip her over with a feather. But a little girl? It's hard on my conscience. We could let her spread word that folks got road agents to fear more than Indians. Breed mistrust, one white for another throughout the camp. That'd be another option. Is he ready? Tom's ready, but he's awful drunk. I don't trust him to pull it off. Not a bank job. He walks up to the cocksucker, puts one in his ear. He keeps running that mouth like he is, Hickok ain't gonna let him get close enough. - (knocks at door) - Who in fuck is it? Them hardware guys is asking for you downstairs. Tell 'em I'll be fucking down. Pour coffee down Tom, 'cause he's going out tonight to murder that son of a bitch. Where do you and me stand? We're all right. What are you supposed to do? Nothing. Don't ever say nothing to no one. I don't know if you can understand me, but if you can, don't show it. (mumbling) If you gotta talk, talk like that. (horse neighing) Sol: See if this makes sense to you, Seth. I do the talking. Fine with me. Some people don't get along. They have business to do, they find a way around it. Don't talk to me like I'm five, Sol. - Boys. - Evening. Sol's got my proxy. Meaning him and me should talk without you? That's what it means. What's your partner so mad about all the time? - He's not mad. - He's got a mean way of being happy. Far as offering on your lot, Mr. Swearengen, we'd probably go 750. You'd probably go 1,000. Say we would, does 1,000 get it done? My concern, Sol-- you don't mind if I call you Sol? - Please do. - My concern, anything can happen under a tent. A hardware operation can turn into a gambling joint, ain't that right? - That's not gonna happen. - Sell to you boys outright, I could be installing my own eventual competition in a prime location, with the A-number one man killer in the West holding an unnamed piece of the action. We met Hickok by coincidence. He's not an unnamed partner. So you say. But a camp like this, Sol, no law or enforceable contract, you gotta watch a man awhile till you see what his word counts for. Would you like some company? No. Say we value the lot at 1,000, you boys give me 500, and whatever you should put that tent to between now and the first snow, I'm in for half the net. Come October, we finish the deal all knowing each other better. Seth won't accept it, Mr. Swearengen. - I thought you had his proxy. - Just up to a point. See, that ain't my sense of proxy. That's what I'd want these few months for, till we agreed what things meant. I'm telling you, we're just a hardware operation. You heard my offer. He didn't wanna drink and he didn't wanna fuck. Anyone or just you? We pay 500 now. He gets 50% of our net till the first snow. - Then we buy out his interest. - No. It's a great location. He wants to be sure we don't turn it to gambling or that Hickok's not with us. - I won't be partners with him. - We wouldn't be after October. I won't be partners. Trixie. See you got Trixie all distressed. - She wanted to give you a ride. - 1,000, now! If anyone in that tent or the building we put up turns a playing card or pours a drink or offers a woman's services, you get title back and keep our fucking money. What makes you talk to me in that tone of voice? I'm making a counter-offer. You come into camp, rent my lot, within six hours you blow in a guy's eye with Wild Bill Hickok backing your play. Next day I'm supposed to sell you the lot, put you in business without asking who the fuck you are or what the fuck you're doing here? Far as what happened in the street with Bill Hickok being involved, that was a turn of events. A what? It was a turn of events. Oh, a turn of events. Your partner calls it a coincidence. So what with this coincidence and turn of events staring me in the fucking face and five other fucking things I'm supposed to be paying attention to, I still make you a sensible proposal and you answer by insulting me in my own joint. - Seth didn't mean to insult you. - You don't know nothing about this. You weren't here, you don't have his proxy. So do whatever you people do when you're not running your mouths off or cheating people out of what they earn by Christian work. - You don't wanna be talking that way. - Don't tell me how to talk in my own fucking place! And here's my counter-offer to your counter-offer: Go fuck yourself! Come here, Seth. Sol: Seth. Get him away from me. Mister. The best bath and blowjob you ever had's not 12 steps up them stairs. Trixie: Mister! Brom: I may as well confide in you, Alma. Of course. I'm beginning to feel we've been duped. Our gold claim may be worthless. I'm beginning to think that even Al Swearengen's name should be added to the conspirators' list. - How disappointed you must be. - I know. I told you I'd believed I'd found a friend in Al. As I now look back, Al not only presided the sale, he facilitated my involvement at every turn. Well, I suppose a community such as this attracts a certain kind of man. Alma, I've mentioned to you exchanging hellos with Wild Bill Hickok in the hotel hallway? Yes, you said he seemed very friendly. Very friendly-- in the hallway and on the stairs. Do you suppose we might enlist him to our cause? Do you think that that's the sort of thing he does? For a fee, a percentage of the monies recovered, I'd say that's exactly his line. Hmm. I may well include the name of Al Swearengen when Wild Bill and I confer. Sol: This camp is a going concern. We could secure our futures here. - Hardware could just be a start. - Camp needs a bank. Camp also needs a bank is exactly damn right. Seth... if you see all these possibilities why get sidetracked by that saloonkeeper? We just wanna buy his lot. What about what he called you? I been called worse by better. Get it in writing from that son of a bitch. We buy the other half in October. - Just leave it to me. - (Charlie groaning) (urinating) - Evening. - Evening. Bill and me didn't make it to your tent today. Tomorrow's another day. Prospect-- his express purpose coming to this camp. Make a stake for his new wife. His idea. Don't suggest buying a shovel or a sifting cradle, huh-uh. (flatulence) Oh, uh-oh. Yeah. Anyways, have a good evening. What's your secret, Bullock? What do you mean? You got some of Bill's qualities but then you got something he's missing. Get along with people, turn a dollar, look out for yourself-- he don't know how to do that. You see what I'm saying? So I'd like to know your secret so's then I can tell it to Bill. I don't know any secrets. Don't tell me if you don't want. Find occasion and tell him yourself. He likes you. Just don't wait too long. - How you feel? - One more shot and I'll be ready to take that cocksucker. Maybe one more cup of coffee. I'm out for a couple. Go get you some more ammo, Wild Bill. That kinda luck's bound to turn. - Your name's Jack? - Yeah, that's correct. What are you in the game for, Jack? What am I in it for? If irritating me's the jackpot, you've got the job done. Montana. - Evening. - Evening. What'd be your opinion far as me getting another 50? You want another 50 in credit? Bill: If that's all right with you? Yeah, I suppose so. - Play poker? - I'm no good at it. You let that slow you down? Fella in the far corner to your right intends me harm. When he makes his move, would you keep an eye on the man with him? You bet. See the fellas I mean? Yes, I do. Thanks, Montana. Wouldn't want the water getting no deeper than this, Mr. Hickok. Fair enough. Stand away from me, Sol. Don't be too stupid, Jack. Now restored to our bosoms! - They throw you out? - No, they did not! I left on my own steam. I choose to be out here. Well, I was drinking down by the goddamned creek outta my own fucking free will. Where's Bill? Inside, losing at cards. I'd go get him, but he'd accuse me of herding him like a damn steer. There's someone I need to go kill. What, who? You are not my target, but keep bothering me and I'll add you to the list. Who we talking about, damn it!? Greasy-haired limey cocksucker that runs The Gem saloon. What the hell you wanna kill him for? For showing me two different things between the coward and the lapse of momentary fear. Listen, Jane! You listen to me! I don't know what in the hell you're talking about. But I guaran-fucking-tee you have at that man and you won't come out of that joint alive. No! The sun ain't rose on the day I pay heed to what you say! (sobbing) Oh. Oh, what is this? Oh oh. He scared me, Charlie. I haven't been scared like that since I was a little girl. Oh. Oh, Jesus. Jane, where you going? All right. Now, down there is Doc Cochran's office. If that limey cocksucker comes for that little girl, I got him triangulated. If he comes from that way I got him, and if he comes from that way... I got him. Here I go. No words, and no gun till you're on him. Here I go. Revenge for my fucking brother. The man's gun never left his holster, Mr. Hickok. He meant me harm. You killed my brother, you son of a bitch! And now I killed you. He was going for his gun. - I saw it. - Dealer: A revenge seeker. I guess he did mean you harm. You're half fucking blind, ain't you? Sometimes it's a fucking blessing. What the fuck you looking at? Like he's a fucking Adonis. (knocks at door) (knocking) You go on away from here for a little while, Doc. - I won't. - Go on. You go see about the whores. No. You know I'll come through you if I have to. Let me remind you of something, Dan. If you kill me... then you are up to your elbows in snatches, just like you were before I came to this damn camp-- taking care of 'em, nursing 'em, day in, day out, taking heat from Al every time one of 'em's poorly. Up to your elbows. Between that and a slit throat that Al will give me if I leave that child alive, I think you know which one I'm gonna choose. You just go ahead and do what you're gonna do 'cause I'm not moving. Jesus Christ. You're pitting me against Al. So the fuck be it. Well, I ain't going it alone. You're coming with me to make the case. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Have we been asleep at the switch? - What's wrong? - Why's he got his arm on the doc? You with that ugly fucker of your own free fucking will, Doc? (whispers) Yes. Yes, I am. I'd rather be lucky than smart. Word for word what the hardware guy said. - The hardware guy? - The hardware guy. Didn't you just tell me the hardware guy was standing next to Hickok? The hardware guy said something like, "Hickok's right. He was going - for his gun. I saw him going for it." - Something like. My tooth was paining me something awful, but I am certain that was the gist of it. Get some dope from Johnny. Man: Thanks an awful lot, Mr. Swearengen. My tooth's about brought me to my knees. Tell me one thing. When that idiot made his move, did he tip it? Tom didn't say boo, Al. Hickok must've just smelled him. Al, you're not gonna believe what fucking happened. What? That lunatic that runs with Hickok just absconded with that child. Must be under his protection. Come here. You're sure that girl doesn't know what you look like? Al, I'm confident that girl don't know what I look like. But no, I can't guarantee you that to a moral certainty. I know you got your whole operation here you gotta consider. And you don't need to be worried or troubled about the-- well, as far as that girl recognizing me, no matter if it's the slimmest of the slim of possibilities. So what you want me to do? You want me to just stay outta camp until you deal with all this? Why don't I do that, Al? How 'bout you have Johnny check under the rock and I'll put messages under the rock. And then I'm gonna check under the rock every day and see if you wanna send messages to me. Err on the side of caution? That's, uh-- is that a plan? All right. Hey, Al, think I got time to put my brand on a little snatch before I go? (groaning) No loose ends now. Al: Get up here! Bring the sled. (door slams) ♪ Row row row your boat ♪ ♪ Gently down the stream ♪ ♪ Merrily merrily... ♪ God damn it! ♪ Row row row your boat ♪ ♪ Gently down the stream ♪ - ♪ Merrily merrily ♪ - ♪ Row row row your boat ♪ - ♪ Life is but a dream ♪ - ♪ Gently down the stream... ♪ (continue singing in the round) @ https://thepiratebay.se/user/Zen_Bud  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 