Midnight Diner: Tokyo Stories: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Midnight Diner: Tokyo Stories 
 s1e1 - Tan Men - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Midnight Diner: Tokyo Stories (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Tan Men - full transcript 
 A chance encounter with a former actress leads a well-known radio host to start a fan club for his favorite childhood TV show, but not everyone is as enthusiastic about it as he is. 
 
 Download 
   When people finish their day and hurry home, my day starts. My diner is open from midnight to seven in the morning. They call it "Midnight Diner." PORK MISO SOUP COMBO BEER, SAKE, SHOCHU That's all I have on my menu. But I make whatever customers request as long as I have ingredients for it. That's my policy. Do I even have customers? More than you would expect. MIDNIGHT DINER: TOKYO STORIES TAN-MEN I use instant dried noodles for ramen. But for tan-men, I use fresh noodles. Fresh noodles are better suited for tan-men. I feel guilty eating regular ramen at night. But tan-men is good because it comes with vegetables. Here you go again. If you're going to make excuses, don't eat them to begin with. It's like life. We can't make rational choices all the time. Be careful. It's that extra bite that makes you fat. Mr. Shimada is a radio announcer. I guess his doctor had told him to watch his weight. Welcome. Hi. Tan-men, no noodles. Got it. Here you go. Without noodles. Thank you. Excuse me. I've never heard of such a dish. I don't want to have carbohydrates late at night. Besides, noodles soak up the soup and get thicker while you eat the vegetables. Well, that makes sense, but... Master, cancel my order of rice with tea. I will have tan-men without noodles, just like her. Sure. Have you finished your shift for the night? Not yet. I will work until morning. I'm so impressed by you. I have no sense of direction. Do you use a navigation system? I know every street in Tokyo. Without noodles, huh? Mr. Shimada was so impressed that... MIDNIGHT SHIMA-CHAN Hi Ms. Witch of Tabata, I've also tried every method. There's one called the Apple Diet. Don't try it. It didn't fill me up at all. So I switched to eating apple pies, but then I got even fatter. Moreover, it all went straight to my gut. Anyway, "without" at a soba noodle shop means tempura soba without noodles. Whenever I see someone having that with a drink, I know he's a real connoisseur. Recently I met someone who ordered tan-men without noodles at my favorite diner. Tan-men without noodles is basically hearty vegetable soup. It would be a great meal for someone who is watching their weight. Really? What a strange dish to order. You're right about that. But I have not tried it yet. Was it about this diner? That's right. It was Mr. Shimada's radio show. He talked about tan-men without noodles. That was about Ms. Harumi, right? -That's right. -Who is she? Don't you remember? The female taxi driver. That good-looking woman who is past her prime? Past her prime? How old is she? My guess is... -she is in her mid-forties. -She is young enough for me then. I wouldn't even call her mature. I have a thing for women with low metabolic rates. I get a strong libido for such women. You will live long. Can I try tan-men without noodles? -Me, too. -Sure. Can I? You look mellow. -Here's one. -Mellow? -One more. -Shut up. Two weeks later... I knew it. It was about me, huh? I'm sorry for using your story without your permission. The way you were eating made the dish look so tasty. It reminded me of the good old days. Once, I called into a radio show to request a song, and my name was mentioned. You are a late-night-radio generation? Now you know how old I am. So, why a radio jockey? I looked up to late-night radio jockeys. When I got sad or stressed out, and didn't know what to do, they helped me feel like I wasn't alone. I know what you mean. Yes. Sure. I'm nearby. I will pick you up in five minutes. See you at the same spot. See you soon. Is that a regular customer? Regular customers are great. It's not always easy finding customers just by driving around. Master, check please. -Thank you for the meal. -Thank you. Why does she looks so familiar to me? Right? Don't you think they look alike? I have no doubt. Crimson Maple. They do look alike. What is this anyway? She's Crimson Maple. From the legendary TV show, Super Ninja Squadron Koga. Do you know it? No. There were too many ninja squadron shows. Black Flying Squirrel, Ultramarine Gale, Light-green Yonezo, Orange Tasuke, and Crimson Maple. Five super ninjas kill evildoers, leaving no trace! When I was a kid, I sent her a fan letter. Then she sent me this photo. I wonder if she remembers me. Mr. Middle-aged Rider, there is no age limit for falling in love. But don't be a stalker. Please consider how your love interest feels. Speaking of love... I recently ran into my first love at the most random place. Unfortunately, it was an unrequited love. She doesn't even know who I am. Some of you may remember a TV show called Super Ninja Squadron Koga, which was popular when I was a kid. One of the show's characters, Crimson Maple, is my first love. When I realized that she was Crimson Maple, this song started playing in my head. It's the main theme song from Super Ninja Squadron Koga. That brings back so many memories. Are you starting a fan club for that show? That's right. I announced it on my show's website to see the listeners' reactions. The feedback was amazing. My favorite episode is when the leader welcomed Maple, who was a lone ninja, to their squadron. -"If It Is Hidden, It Is The Flower." -Yes! Do you remember what Flying Squirrel said? "We got your back. So don't run. Just fight." PLAYING NEXT WEEK?! Even as a kid, I was so touched by that. I felt the same way. And Flying Squirrel and... Men... never grow up. Here you go. Extra large pork and veggie soup combo. Bon appétit. Hey, guys. It's great to show your support, but have you thought about how she would feel? Don't you agree, Master? Yeah... I'm sure a lot has happened that led her to where she is now. And that's what I want her to talk about on my show. She's diligent, and loyal to her job. I felt it when I met her here. It's just a hunch, but... I think she could even talk about her downs positively. That's right. She must have moved on by now. She is a good taxi driver now. I'm sure her past is just a fond memory now. It's a fond memory for you, but it's not for me. I didn't even like the role to begin with. No matter what I played after that, I was labeled as Maple of Koga. That's the main reason why I quit acting. I didn't know that. I've been through a lot to be here now. Please don't expose my life just for your own interest. That wasn't my-- But... I can see how it could come off that way. I'm really sorry. Master, another one. What's the occasion? You've never had a drink here. Does Mr. Shimada still come here? Speaking of... he hasn't in a while. I... can finally tell everyone with pride... how much I love my current job. Mr. Shimada said the same thing. "She's diligent, and loyal to her job." Is that right? Master, "without noodles" please. Sure. Back then, I was the worst actress in the group. I didn't want to admit it. So I put myself on a pedestal, and took my stress out on others. I was really awful. But even then, the leader always defended me. What's the name of his character? Flying Squirrel. That's right. Flying Squirrel was a good man, huh? I loved with him. But then... Good morning. One day I went to the studio earlier than usual. I... Sorry. This one is on me. No, you really don't need to do that. Please, let me. He wished he had been born a girl. He confided in me about it. Thanks to that, I couldn't be in love with him, but I got an indispensable friendship. Here you go. We didn't have much money... so we always had a drink with this dish. I was afraid that old fans might scrutinize his current life if the radio show renewed their interest. Since he protected me back then, it was my turn to protect him now. But it turned out that it was none of my concern. Did Flying Squirrel tell you that? "Your life is your business. And my life is mine. We are walking on separate paths. Leave it that way." So... speaking of... How is he doing now? I'm the one who bothered her. So why? She feels that she has said too much. So she wants to apologize to you. Good evening. Welcome. Well... I was ignorant and insensitive. I am really sorry. I shouldn't have-- "We got your back. So... don't run. Just fight." Harumi, I will tell him everything myself. You got that? Whatever you want. I'm leaving after my meal. -You are so unsociable. -I stopped meddling in others' affairs. Don't you recognize me? Crimson Maple and... Crimson Maple and... Flying Squirrel? You are Flying Squirrel. Really? Really? -Flying-- -Want some water? Flying Squirrel? Get ready. We're live, so please watch your language. The commercial break will end soon. Shima, go. This is "Midnight Shima-chan." Believe it or not, I have a special guest tonight. To tell you the truth, I didn't think that he would come. Long time no see. I'm Black Flying Squirrel from Super Ninja Squadron Koga. I'm so happy to hear that everyone remembers me. I'm the only one here today, but get ready for our usual callout. "When the five super ninjas unite, they kill evildoers, leaving no trace! When five bells ring, time's up for the evildoers. Koga will go anywhere beyond good and evil!" Can you believe today's show is almost over? Flying Squirrel wants to send a message to his dear friend. I will send out a personal message through the radio. I love who I am, as well as who I was. No matter what others say about me, I don't care. This is who I am. I may have a thicker skin now than I had then... That said... I appreciate the fact... that you really care about me. I want to thank you sincerely. Please come again, Flying Squirrel. Until next week. Good night, everyone. I'm sorry. I didn't see you. Where are you going? Here you go. I'm the sixth Super Ninja, White Shima-chan. My favorite item is "with noodles" after all. Hey rookie, no whispering. Yes, ma'am. Attention please, everyone. Good night. THIS STORY IS FICTION 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 