Without a Trace: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Without a Trace 
 s1e8 - Little Big Man - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Without a Trace (2002–2009): Season 1, Episode 8 - Little Big Man - full transcript 
 A teenage boy who lives in foster care goes missing from his work in a diner. His siblings are in different places around the city. Although all reports say he is a good, hard-working kid, the team has to suspect some sort of illegal activities or gang problems. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 William, quit chewing your nails and grab a mop. We got work to do. He cleared it with me, Butch. He´s got the Regent´s Exam next week. It´s a restaurant, not a damn reading room. William, you know what? Go home, little man. Go get some sleep. You sure, Mr. Bradley? ´Cause I don´t have to do this right now. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I can help you close up. You´re covered. Just get here a little early tomorrow. Kitchen´s closed, gentlemen. Hey, have a good night, Mr. Bradley. Hey, happy holiday, fellas. You too, little man. All right. WOMAN: His name´s William Hope. He´s 16 years old. I inherited his file about six months ago. His boss says he left work a little before midnight but his foster parents called, said he never came home. No one called the police? They said they don´t deal with runaways. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That´s William´s picture. He looks like he´s ten years old. It´s the only photo I have in his folder. He´s 16. What´s he doing working in this neighborhood 6:00 to midnight? It´s not the ideal environment, but he was working. The situation with the new family is stable. His grades are improving. This is a kid who spent 18 months on the streets, Danny. He´s had it a lot worse. Okay, Polly... I´ll see what I can do. But we need to be realistic here. We only have a handful of agents and Child Services sees 30 of these kids a week. Just like William they´re all running away from a bad situation. This is not just some runaway. This is a kid whose life is finally working. If he´s missing, something terrible has happened to him. BRADLEY: Always showed up on time. Never had a problem with him. How did he seem on Sunday night? He seemed tired. But then, you know he´s been under a lot of pressure at school. But other than that, nothing out of the ordinary? Well, depends on what you mean by "out of the ordinary." WILLIAM: No, man, you can´t have a cap. Give me one of those yellow caps, man. No, you can´t have a cap. You didn´t order no... BRADLEY: What´s going on? He wants the key chain. You told me not to hand them out unless they order a Kid´s Super Jay. I told you, faggot, it´s for my nephew. Why you got to call me...? He pay for his sandwich? Then go. Get the hell out of here. For what, man? I paid for my food. I said out, or I call the cops. ( sighs ) DANNY: Sounds personal. I guess they know each other from the neighborhood. He told me the same kid jacked him for his paycheck a couple of weeks ago. You got a name? I think they call him Radio ´cause his mouth´s always running. This is all over a key chain? It´s the South Bronx, Jack. Kids get shot for a whole lot less there. The cops don´t have time for it, right? No, but I do. Well, nothing from the jails, morgues or hospitals and not much in the way of a financial trail either. One savings account with 1,200 bucks. That could be money he saved from his job. No credit cards, no cell phones, no pagers. How´s the school check out? He was a good student. He had excellent attendance. This kid stayed out of trouble. Or under the radar. I think we should get the press involved in this one. 16-year-old black kid goes missing from the foster care system? It´s going to be a really tough sell. ( buzzing ) Hi. Are Mr. and Mrs. Ray home? And at the last minute we had an opening. Children´s Services kept telling us what a great kid he was and we moved him in that afternoon. When was that? Seven months ago. How long have you and your husband been foster parents? 15 years. We were never able to have children of our own. My husband and I worked in the justice system for many years and you see it over and over-- how important it is to get to these kids when they´re young. Provide them with a stable home environment. You´re a dying breed. Well, I´m not going to sugarcoat it. We´ve had our failures, certainly. Here we are. This is William´s room. Looks like he barely lived here. I asked him if he wanted me to take him shopping to personalize it a bit-- put up some posters... but he didn´t want to. He´s probably moved around so much he´s afraid of getting settled. He keeps a lot bottled up inside. Breaks your heart, really. Who´s this? That´s his sister, Tasha. Where is she? There was some trouble in her last foster family. Tasha can be a bit of a banshee. So Children´s Services decided to move her into a group home. How was William with that? It´s difficult. It´s the first time they´ve ever been separated. He´s basically supporting her. Not food and basics, but extra clothing school books... he even bought her a pager so he´d know where she was at all times. You didn´t have room for her here? Yes, we do but... we just can´t cut through all the bureaucracy. You don´t usually get involved in cases like this, do you? No. Usually they don´t call us about cases like this. We´ve never had any problems with him. Nice, industrious young man. How does he get along with the other children? Very well. Real sweet natured with the little ones. Gets them dressed in the morning-- helps them with their schoolwork. There´s always going to be little things that rub people the wrong way when you´re living in close proximity. People playing their music too loud, things like that. Is there any possibility that William could have got himself in trouble? Anything´s possible, but I wouldn´t think so. Is it possible that he hung out with people that could have gotten him into trouble? If this were a Scarsdale boy would you even be asking these kinds of questions? I´m not sure what you´re getting at. You´re assuming that whatever´s happened to William he´s brought it on himself. I´m not assuming anything. I´m just asking questions. And they´re the same questions I would ask in Scarsdale, Rochester or Chinatown. All right, but in the end you´ll chalk this one up to another gang hit and that will be that. Earlier you mentioned that William had a brother. What can you tell me about him? Aaron. Now, he´s a whole different story. He just got out of Juvenile Hall. Gangs, drugs. He´s as different from William as night is to day. Has he been hanging around lately? He´s not supposed to be but... yeah, he was here a couple of nights ago. I´m talking about money, Aaron. I mean, $5,000. Five Gs? That´s some serious cash, man. You for real? Yeah. Hmm. What´s going on in here? Sorry, Mr. Ray. Are we making too much noise? How you doing, man? What do you mean, how am I doing, man? It´s 11:30 at night. Come out here, William. I need to talk to you. You know the rules of this house. No guests after lights out. And besides that, your brother´s specifically not allowed to have contact with you. I know, Mr. Ray, but we were just... No, no, he needs to go. And he needs to go now, and he´s not to come back here, understand? Yes, sir. Do you have a problem with me, son? Because if you don´t want to deal with this, I will. It´s okay. I´ll talk to him. All right then. So, I went back and waited to see what would happen. 15 minutes later I heard the door close. William went to bed. Do you think that William might have been angry that you banned his brother from the house? Maybe, but he knew the rules when he moved in here. Children need boundaries. If you ask me, I think he was relieved that someone finally put his foot down. All right. So, you ate your cheeseburger and you went home. Is that what you´re telling me? Yep. And you didn´t give William a hard time? Huh? You didn´t give him a little of this on your way out the door? I told you, man, we was just messing around. Were you just messing around when you jacked him for his paycheck two weeks ago? Come on, man, I don´t know a damn thing about that. ( knocking ) Hey, fellas. Hey. Guess what? What? Our friend here says he doesn´t know a damn thing. No kidding? Hey, you don´t mind if I take a DNA sample of your hair, do you? You messin´ with my braid, man?! Hey! Danny! Danny! Hey! I got it. I got it. I got it. You ready to tell me the truth? Look, I didn´t kill him, man. Then who did? Who did?! Danny! A car came by and picked him up. Hurry up, little man. I like your hat. You know Keith, right? Whose car? I don´t know, but I saw his brother, Aaron riding shotgun. What make? Black Nissan Maxima. What else you want from me? Nothing. Your government thanks you, Radio. What the hell was that? A little improvisation. It was stupid is what it was. Don´t get all Mr. Civil Liberties on me now, man. Look, we go through situations like that every single day. And you know what, we deserve to win once in a while. The operative word being "we." Now I´m all for shaking people down to get some answers but you want to pull a stunt like that again you tell me beforehand, or else you and I are going to have a serious problem, all right? Come on, if this was a white kid you´d be leading with it at 5:00. No, I´m coming to you first. He´s a good kid, okay? He´s an honor student... he... I don´t know what the angle is. I don´t know... the testament to the possibilities of social services, something like that. No, you got to tell me now. Otherwise, I´m going to move on. Okay, thanks. I just talked to a contact who works gangs over at the 43rd. He´s offering to help us track down Aaron. Doesn´t your brother work at the 43rd? Yeah. You talking to him? No. Samantha and I are headed over to the group home to speak to William´s sister. See if she knows anything. Okay. Growing up here I don´t even know how these kids have a chance. Is that your liberal conscience talking? That´s my heart talking. Where´s yours? Been broken too many times. I´m sorry, she´s in no condition to talk to you now. What´s the problem? Well, I don´t know what Children´s Services told you but, uh, Tasha is a child with very serious emotional problems. We´ve had to confine her to her room. Ms. Taft, it´s very important that we speak with Tasha. Her brother´s missing. I´m afraid that´s not possible. She´s in no shape to talk to anyone right now. Unfortunately, Ms. Taft, she doesn´t have a choice. No one´s seen or heard from her brother in over 36 hours. We need to see her now. She´s been out of control all day. ( knocking ) Tasha? I´m going to open the door now. I want you to behave yourself. What did you do with my bag?! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey, hey. What are you talking about? I know you stole it! They steal everything in here. Please, you are going to have to leave. Liar! My brother gave me that bag! Calm down. She had contraband in her room and we had to confiscate it. I´d like to see the bag she´s talking about. Oh, no. That´s out of the question. You´ll have to talk to the Director. Liar! It´s in your office! The Director don´t even come down here, you stupid bitch! All right, come here. TAFT: I was going to turn that over to the police. Yeah, I´m sure you were just filling out the paperwork, right? Sam. Hey, that´s my brother´s money. Lay off it. Hey. You feeling a little better? It´s all right. You think you might be ready to talk to us now? What for? You going to give me back my bag? If you help us find William and that money really is his nobody has a right to it but him. Of course it´s his money. He earned it at his job. Let´s just forget about the money for a minute. Your brother´s out there and he might be in trouble. Right now, you´re the only person that can help him. Tasha nobody here wants to hurt William. We just need to speak to him and make sure he´s okay. That´s it? Mm-hmm. Just talk to him? If he´s okay, you´ll let him go? ( buzzing ) What´s going on? Why´d you page me? Listen to me. I need you to take this. What is it? It´s money. A lot of it. It´s yours now. What about you? Don´t worry about me. I´m going to be okay. Where are you going? Don´t... Shh! William! The less you know right now, the better. You got to trust me, okay? Anybody ask about me, you don´t know. You haven´t seen me, you haven´t heard from me. Tasha, I love you, all right? Always remember that. Now go, get out of here. And that´s it? He didn´t tell you where he was going? No. He didn´t leave you a contact number? I told you no. Can I go now? What´s up? I just got off the phone with Children´s Services. They said they found a bed for her in a different group home at least for a couple of days. It´s better than nothing. You´re looking for Aaron Hope, huh? What´s he supposed to have done this time? We think he may have some information pertaining to a missing persons investigation. Any idea where we can find him? Your guess is as good as mine. They don´t call me when they´re released from detention just when they´re about to go back in. When was the last time you spoke with him? Uh... couple of months ago. His case was assigned to me through the public defender. Pretty twisted little ball of pathology, that kid. You know, petty theft, street crimes mostly. By the time I got him, he´s up to armed robbery. Kid was damned lucky, too. He could´ve gone away as an adult. So what turned it around? The fact that he had me... his age, plus his co-defendant was even worse. Co-defendant? Keith Reid. A real moron. It was his gun they used in the robbery. How do I track Mr. Reid? Try the Army. Those were the terms of his plea bargain. Juvie till he turned 18 then he had to enlist. It´s funny that you´re down here asking me this right now. Why´s that? I haven´t thought about Aaron in a long time. And then out of the blue I get a call from little brother. William called you? Yeah. I got to know him a little bit during Aaron´s trial. Used to come down to the courtroom sit there chewing his nails. Then the other day, Friday he shows up in my office saying he needs some legal advice. William, how you doing, young man? It´s good to see you. Good, good. Yeah, yeah. Come on, sit down, sit down. Seen your brother lately? Yes, sir. He´s out now. I saw him the other night. So what´s up? You say you need some help. Yeah. It´s my sister. I need to get her a lawyer. Why, what happened? Nothing she´s done. Children´s Services, they placed her in this group home. It´s a bad situation, Mr. Strignoli. They got her medicated all the time. She´s not going to school. What´s the caseworker say? Caseworker´s the one that put her in there. Oh. Those people don´t care about her, man. That´s why she´s got all these behavioral problems. If I could get her out of there and get her over here with me... where we´re together... How old are you again? 16. But I´m working full-time. 16 years old William, no family court´s going to remand her to your care. I´m... I´m not asking for that. Just keep us together, that´s all. Yeah, but, William, we´re talking about a heavy price... I know what it cost, Mr. Strignoli, and... I´ll get the money. Well, he said he was working full-time and money was not an issue. This kid´s working for minimum wage and he drags his ass all the way down here from the South Bronx. You ever hear of pro bono? I mean, I´m a criminal attorney, you know. I don´t have any expertise in family law. I told him I´d ask around. He was supposed to call me on Monday. I never heard from him, I figured that was that. Well, it´s got to be drug money. If he´s got 25 grand in his back pocket why is he working at Jim´s Barbecue Burger? Probably the brother´s operation. So why´d he show up at 4:00 a.m. and have Tasha stash it? Somebody´s on to him. Well, there were no major robberies in the area that night. The only thing on the police log between midnight and 4:00 a.m. is a donut shop got hit for a couple hundred bucks. Detective Ellis. Agent Johnson. This is Agent Spade. Didn´t know they made them like this at the bureau. Yeah. And I walk and talk, too. And I´m anatomically correct. Frank works the South Bronx with my brother. He sends his regards. Yeah, I´m sure. Alton never forgave Viv for going federal. Anyway, thanks for coming. Do you know anything about Aaron Hope? Hope. Uh, yeah, sure. I dealt with him a couple times. Penny-ante stuff mostly. He just got out of juvie. How´s this in your lap? He´s got a younger brother who´s gone missing and we think it might be drug related. So I called you. This the kid? Unfortunately it´s six years out of date. No. I never seen this one. We think sometime between midnight and 4:00 a.m. Monday they came into possession of several thousand dollars and it´s tied into the disappearance. I´ll check the log, but I don´t recall hearing about any major takedowns that night. Well, a donut shop was hit at 3:30 that morning. I´ll check it out. You know, if these two knuckleheads ripped somebody off... this neighborhood, heavy hitters? It´s going to be bodies piling up. Private Keith Reid. Yes, sir. Agent Fitzgerald, FBI. I see your Army career is off to a promising start. It´s all gravy. They said they found contraband in my suitcase, so, uh... I need to ask you a few questions. Do you know a William Hope? Yeah, I know his older brother Aaron, why? Well, he failed to return to his foster home Sunday night. He was last seen at the corner of Baltic Avenue and Mosholu Parkway climbing into a black Nissan we believe is registered to you. Yeah, yeah, I saw him. Me and Aaron were out kind of late celebrating, you know. Last night before basic training and all. William paged us, said he was kind of jammed up. You offer to give him a lift home? That´s right. Well, what time did you drop him off? I wouldn´t know that, sir. We picked him up about 11:45 and, uh they took me straight to the bus station. Oh, yeah, what time was that? About 12:30. Then I caught the 1:00 a.m. bus out here. Uh-huh. What´d you do with your car? Gave it to Aaron. I ain´t got no use for it in here. He´s taking care of it for me. Well, any idea how I can find Aaron? No, sir. You try that halfway house? Thanks. Keep up the good work, soldier. Yes, sir. Thank you for seeing me, Agent Malone. It´s a pleasure, Mr. Ray. Please sit. What can I do for you? How are you doing with the media coverage on this case? Not very well. Why is that? I don´t control the media. So how´s the investigation going? We´re doing everything we can. Don´t handle me, sir. Please. Have enough respect for me to tell me the truth. Okay. The truth is that William went to his sister´s house with $25,000 in cash. How can you explain that? I can´t. Normally at this point we would turn over the investigation to the local police. But you´re not. No. Why not? Because William´s not from Scarsdale. And until we find out what happened to him the case is still ours. Excuse me. It´s Samantha. They found Keith Reid´s car. Where? 181st Street. No, it´s bad. There was blood all over the seat. Came in about 45 minutes ago. Yeah, okay, bye. Sam, I found William´s hat under the front passenger seat. Looks like your friend Radio left out a few details. Possibly. We still don´t know if the blood came before or after William went to his sister´s. Sugar. Confectioner´s sugar like the kind bakers use. Didn´t a donut shop get knocked over that night? Yeah. SPADE: Store was robbed around 3:30 Monday morning. Neighbor reported a single gunshot. That´s three hours after they dropped Keith at the Greyhound and half an hour before William stashed the money with baby sister. Danny inside? Yeah. ( cell phone rings ) Hello? Night clerk identified two African American males, medium build between the ages of 18 and 25. What was the take? They told Officer Betancourt 150 bucks in the till. Okay. We just got to figure out where that $25,000 came from. Just the same... it matches the timeline. Those kids were here, Jack. You can´t always call them the right way. Freeze it there. Sure. JACK: He´s wearing that hat from the burger joint. But not the pants or shirt. What did they do? Bring him a change of clothes? VIVIAN: See what your friends from the city desk had to say? At least we got his picture in the paper. You think Aaron killed him? It´s one of the theories. What are the others? Well, they went to Tasha´s house sometime after 4:00 a.m. We still haven´t found Aaron, so we´re... William would never hurt his own brother... over money? Lookit, Polly I shouldn´t be having this conversation with you. Okay, we´re still in the process of putting the pieces together, and... He was trying so hard. I just talked to him last week about applying to colleges, Regents exams. He was so worried. About what? His work, family, school. He was afraid he couldn´t hold it together. He was afraid he´d end up just like his brother. Polly, you cannot baby-sit these kids 24 hours a day. At one point or another they´re going to have to make the right decision. I did. I was a kid just like William at one point and I made the right decision. So... Taylor, they´re bringing Radio back in. I will call you as soon as I know something, okay? All right, who is this? Hold on. Mike... it´s some reporter from FOX News. He wants to know if we´ll consent to an interview. Tell him "no comment." No comment. I guess your friends in the media finally think this is a story worth covering. ( sighs ) Look, Mr. and Mrs. Ray I can´t advise you whether to talk to the media or not but I think I can tell you it might be a good time to get a lawyer. Jeffrey, go to your room. Everything´s all right. I´ll take him. Come on, Sweet Pea. Is it really possible that it´s William´s blood in the car? They´re still running the forensics analysis. We won´t have anything conclusive for a few hours. How are we going to explain this to them? William was a hero to these children. Too early to talk about him in the past tense. We´re not certain that the worst has happened. His blood is all over that car. His brother got him roped into some robbery. If he´s not dead, he´s a fugitive. You tell me, agent, how is that not the worst that could have happened? ( sighs ) I´m so sorry, Agent Johnson. We´re all just trying so hard to make sense of all this. Hey, it goes with the territory. We worked so hard, all of us, to help William but it´s... it´s just so disheartening. William came to you, didn´t he? He was scared of how your husband would react. He was in trouble and he knew he could talk to you. He didn´t come to me, Agent Johnson, that´s my point. He didn´t come to either one of us. We so desperately wanted him to trust us-- to be a part of this family. Sorry, Miss Ray. I didn´t hear you knock. I thought I would come check on you. See how you were doing. You seemed a little distracted at dinner. I´m okay. Mike´s worried about you, William. He said that Aaron´s been at the house. You´ve been spending time with him. Why is he worrying you about that? I mean... it´s not your problem. I believe it is our problem as long as you´re living under this roof. Has he asked you for money? How much? He´s my brother and it´s my money. So what? William, that´s money that you earned and it´s money that you and your sister depend on. He´s my brother, Miss Ray, and, uh... it´s none of your damn business. William... So, you were afraid of this all along-- that he´d lose his way. The louder I talked-- the louder any of us talked-- the less he heard. So? TAYLOR: Isn´t this what started this whole chain of events? See, the way I see it is you mess with William, he got scared he called his older brother they got into trouble and, well you´re responsible. Look, whatever they got into that night, that´s on them. You can´t hold me on account of none of that. So, what do you hear? Well, it ain´t my turf, but I heard a few things. What things? The word is, William and Aaron have been planning this for months. Little brother was just waiting for his opportunity, that´s all. Soon as Aaron got out of juvie, they rip off a ton of money and catch a jet down to South America somewhere. Whose ton of money? Heavy hitters, that´s all I know. They the ones that was fronting that doughnut shop. Are you sure? 24-hour pharmaceuticals, dawg. Crack, X, rock, all of that. Cops didn´t even know it was there. But little brother knew. Hey, Radio, you see how pleasant this whole process can be when you give us what we want? Well, since I served my country do I get a letter from the president? MARTIN: Now, one more question and we´ll see. Suppose somebody gets shot out there and they can´t go to a hospital, what do they do? Besides die? Where were you early Monday morning, Mr. Bisher? Or do you go by Doctor Bisher? I just want to get the honorific right. I don´t know what you´re talking about. Well, let me help you out. You had some visitors at your apartment around 4:00 a.m. Monday morning. What are you looking at him for? Stop wasting our time. We know what you do on the side to make extra money. Am I supposed to be intimidated? I´m a U.S. citizen. And you´re subject to the same laws like the rest of us. You have any idea of the penalties for performing medical procedures without a license? I have a medical degree from an excellent university in Kenya. That´s great, but it doesn´t exactly cut it in this country, does it? I got a call, some street kid said there´s been a shooting. The bullet had entered his lung. He was seeping blood. I told him I had no way of dealing with injuries this severe. If they didn´t get their friend to an emergency room at once, there was no question he would die. Wait a second, sir. How many of them were there? All together... three. Keith said they dropped him at Greyhound about 12:30. So unless they picked up another friend along the way Keith lied to us. He was the third kid. Yeah. It looks like I´m taking another trip back up to Fort Dix. I just got a call from the morgue... a kid matching William´s description. Where did they find him? In a boat pond, 9:00 this morning; gunshot wounds. ( sighs ) Yeah, okay, go ahead. Yeah, that´s my brother. That´s William? Okay. I´ll take her out of here. Could you give me a second? Excuse me. This isn´t William. How do you know? Everyone we talked to said he used to bite his fingernails down to the quick. I don´t know who the hell this is but this is not William Hope. What do you mean it´s not her brother? You think she´s so unstable she doesn´t know what her own brother looks like? I think she´s lying. Why would she do that? She´s terrified. We think she´s protecting her big brother. That´s what she´s doing. From what? That´s what we´re trying to figure out, Polly. Tasha, I need you to listen to me very carefully. I know you´re scared. We know that your brother is not dead. Who told you to go down there and tell us the body was William´s, Tasha? Tasha, William´s foster parents have confirmed that the body is not his. I got NYNEX on the line. She got a call on her pager this morning at 8:30. A motel in Newark. It´s got to be Aaron, right? All right, look, what kind of guarantees do I get? You get nothing. We hold all the cards. You hated him so much you had to destroy him, huh? Look, I love my brother William, man. All I ever wanted what was the best for him. You love him? That´s why you got him involved in a felony? You care about your brother so much tell us what happened. Seriously, man. It was never supposed to happen like that. William paged me and said he was being hassled. This cat better be here. Could I get him a ride home? I was out with my friend Keith. Where this cat, man? There you go. Mm. Hurry up, man. I like your hat, little man. You know Keith, right? Yeah. William just wanted to be dropped home. He had exams in the morning. Keith was tripping. Whose idea was the robbery? Just supposed to grab some donuts and a couple of dollars. ♫ Judge not, judge not, should be judged first by a... ♫ WILLIAM: What are we doing here? What´s going on, Aaron? You up for some adventure, little brother? Yeah, we gonna make a man out of you tonight, baby. No, no, no. Leave him out of this, Keith. He ain´t ready for this yet. Open the glove box, man. Yeah. What´s going on? Aaron, put the gun back, man. Yeah, baby, it´s like that. Stay in the car, William. Do what I say. Come on, boy. WILLIAM: The play was for me to black out the security camera and Keith would take the cashier. Get down on the floor and lay down, boy! Hey, baby! It´s payday, baby! Hey, hey! Let´s go, man! Hey, hey! AARON: The bag was just sitting there under the counter. Let´s go now! Now! Bag was just sitting there under the counter, man. We didn´t have time to think We grabbed it and ran. ( grunts ) Oh! Oh! It was real bad. He had blood coming all out of his mouth. We had no idea they were dealing drugs out of there. He was begging me to take him to the hospital but it was too late for that. Why? ´Cause he´d hunt us down and kill us both. Who would? That dirty cop. ( groaning ) ( tires squealing ) It was Ellis. Ellis is dirty? He was on the take, man. We didn´t know he was looking out for that place. Must have been hanging out in that back storage room or something. Soon as that cop saw William´s face his life was over. No, as soon as you picked your little brother up at work his life was over. I know this, man. Believe me, I know this. Whose idea was it for William to assume Keith´s identity? Mine. Keith had all his stuff in a duffel. He had an electric razor in there. Put on Keith´s glasses. After I dropped him off at Greyhound we drove around for a while. Then just before sunup, I... dumped Keith´s body in that lake in Van Cortland Park. Figured it was about to freeze up. Cops wouldn´t find him till springtime. ( phone rings ) It´s Martin. Hello. William´s gone. Base adjutant says he released him to police custody. When? 20 minutes ago. Okay. I just talked to Internal Affairs. They´ve been after Ellis for years. They had to let him go on a brutality charge in March on a technicality. There´s a shock. I´ve been talking to the Captain of the 43rd precinct for the last half hour. Ellis has taken a personal day. They can´t find him anywhere. Assuming he left Fort Dix at 5:30 he´s got a 55-minute ride into the city. Yeah. Let´s not forget Thanksgiving traffic. Good point. Could this guy be crazy enough to execute William on the New Jersey turnpike and make it look like he resisted arrest? As long as he thinks William will get him his 25 grand back he´ll keep him alive. Yeah, but we´ve got the 25 grand in custody. Ellis and William don´t know that. Tasha´s. That´s Ellis´ car. It´s clear. Let´s go. Ellis, freeze! No! William! William! William? Will, stay down. Stay down. We need an ambulance. This one´s gone. Stay down. Yeah. You´re going to be all right. Tash. William, are you okay? I´m going to be okay. They just got to check me out. I don´t know what your friend Agent Spade said to him but my boss is getting hammered. They said Tash can move in with the Rays. Glad it worked out. Thank you, Danny, for everything. Do you have any plans for the holiday? Nothing special. ´Cause I´m just thinking that if you´re solo I´m going to be spending it with my family. My sister´s kids are kind of obnoxious but my mom´s a great cook. I know it´s not much in the way of repayment... No, it sounds really great. I got to go. Call me tomorrow, okay? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 