Without a Trace: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Without a Trace 
 s1e12 - Underground Railroad - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Without a Trace (2002–2009): Season 1, Episode 12 - Underground Railroad - full transcript 
 A pregnant woman goes missing suddenly from a hospital. Her marriage seems perfect but the team soon find themselves involved with an underground railroad for battered women. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 WOMAN ( over P.A ): Dr. Kravitz, a visitor in the main lobby. Dr. Kravitz, a visitor in the main lobby. Your temperature´s normal, pulse is fine. Your blood pressure is 150/95, which is a little high. I´d like to keep you for 24 hours. Check your urine, do some blood work... just to be safe. Why? Is there something wrong with the baby? No, the baby is fine. These are just precautionary measures. I´m sure I´m fine. I just feel a little off, that´s all. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I never should have had you working. This has nothing to do with that, Mr. Dobson. She really got to stay over night? Well, she doesn´t have to but I´d rather err on the side of caution. It´s payday. I got to go sign everybody´s checks but I´ll come right back, okay? I´m just going to be a couple hours. Go ahead. I´ll be all right. You sure? She´s in good hands now. Why don´t you lie back, try to relax. Bonnie will take care of you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I´ll come see you in a bit. Thank you. You´re going to take your wife on a date? Actually, yeah. You? Please. What do we have going on here? Kathy Dobson, eight-and- a-half months pregnant. Came in this morning with complications. Her husband dropped her off for a couple of hours for some tests-- he came back, she was gone. Apparently, nobody saw her leave. My nurse took her blood, took her urine sample. The next thing we know, no one can find her. How long have you been treating her? Since the beginning of her pregnancy. And how were things between her and her husband? They seemed very happy. He´s certainly attentive. Dr. Krytzer, are there any security cameras in the building? Well, not in the rooms, of course but in the hallways. Under normal circumstances this would be distressing but given her condition I´m concerned about what could happen. Why is that? After she left, we got her tests back. She has preeclampsia. If she were here, I would have induced labor. If she doesn´t deliver in the next 24 hours it could be fatal for her and her child. Morning, sunshine. Oh, give me a break. I´ve been at the hospital for the last eight hours. Anything turn up? Oh, yeah. 23 nurses, 14 doctors, 12 orderlies and a partridge in a pear tree. And nobody saw her leave. It´s, um, spooky. I don´t know what I was thinking. I don´t think you should blame yourself, Mr. Dobson. I just... put that crib together last week. We started painting his room. Tell me what happened yesterday before you and your wife went to the hospital. I was sitting at the table, reading the paper Kathy comes over with my breakfast... Here you go. You want something to drink? Coffee would be great. You´re not eating? Oh, I´m not hungry. ( sighs ) You all right? I´m just a little dizzy, that´s all. What are you talking about? When did this start? Oh, I´m fine. I´ll be okay. No, wait a minute. You´re not feeling right, we got to get you to a hospital. I´m sure I´m just a little tired. Kathy, come on, let´s get in the car now. Okay. Is there any chance she would have left the hospital of her own volition? Why would she do that? Well, she was reluctant to go in the first place. Maybe she was feeling better, got in a cab... No, no. She, uh... she don´t like people fussing all over her. But... she´s just not going to-- you know, with the doctor all concerned-- walk out without any answers. Do you have any enemies that you´re aware of? No... not at all. And everything in your marriage? We´re about to have a baby. This is the greatest time of our life. VIVIAN: And everything was going well with Kathy´s husband? Absolutely. Paul´s a great guy. Treats her like a princess. Mrs. Posey, you see things differently? What? Oh, no, Paul´s a terrific husband. They´re very happy together. You don´t think Paul did something to her? I didn´t say that. That´s always the way it is with the cops. They always want to point the finger at somebody in the family. I guess it´s easier than getting out in the street and doing some real work. Mr. Posey, we´ve got five FBI agents working around the clock to try and find your daughter. So, I´d can the attitude if I were you. You´re right. I´m sorry. I´m just... she´s our baby girl and... it´s our first grandson she´s carrying. Hey. Hey. My wife was nuts about all this baby stuff, too. A lot of bedside reading. Daddy, Who Are... Prepping Papa. This guy was really committed. Yeah, he´s a real saint. Eight-and-a-half months pregnant and she´s waiting on him hand and foot. She brought him breakfast. He didn´t ask her to go downstairs and rotate the tires on his car. He leaves the hospital, two hours later she disappears. It´s convenient, that´s all I´m saying. Yeah, well, his alibi is solid. Yeah, well, maybe he hired someone to lift her or kill her. Right now he´s living to have that boy and without her, he can´t have him. Maybe he found out the kid wasn´t his. There´s nothing whatsoever to indicate that that is true but I thank you for your imagination. That´s why they pay me the million bucks. So, what, according to your theory he could have had her taken at any time but he waited until she had complications to have her grabbed from the hospital? Mm-hmm. We have doctor, man in a wheelchair pregnant woman that´s not her... a fat guy in a robe, a nurse... Is it important that you narrate? You know, I´m sorry, I forgot you can´t think and listen at the same time, and... That´s pretty good for someone who can´t think without speaking. This is one big hospital. You´d rather be in the field, right? Always. So, what´s your theory, man? Well, it´s almost impossible to snatch a newborn from a maturity wing, right? Right. So, what´s the next best thing? Of course, she may have run off. Now, why would a woman that´s eight-and-a-half months pregnant and having complications run off? I don´t know. Maybe she´s scared or something. Mmm... of what? I can´t for the life of me figure out what happened. Tell us about your sister-in-law. What do you mean? It´s not a very difficult question. What´s she like? Uh, she´s kind. She´s a very, very kind person and smart and, uh, she´s funny. You know, a lot of people don´t realize how funny she is, but she´s... How did she get along with everybody here? Uh... great. Everybody loves Kathy. You know, a lot of girls, if they´re the boss´s wife have their noses up in the air, you know? But she works the register, talks to all the rag men... you know, she treated everybody the same. How was their relationship? Kathy and Paul? Happy as clams. What about you and her? What do you mean? You get along? Yeah, of course we did. I love her. She´s like a sister to me. Like a sister I never had. So, you and Kathy are best friends? We grew up together. Grammar school, high school... I was her maid of honor. So, did you see her often? Well, you know, we used to. What changed? I guess she started drifting when she got married. And not just from me, from everyone. What was that about? At first I figured it was that new-love thing. But it´s been, like, three years and just seems like she just gets less and less interested in her friends. The other day when I saw her was the first time in almost six months and I had to drag her out with me. How did she seem? We went shopping for baby stuff. It was just like old times. How cute is this! Is that for you or for him? It´s for him. Everything´s going to be for him. I think pregnancy agrees with you. I just hope motherhood does. What are you talking about? You´re going to be a great mother. I know. I just want him to be healthy and happy. Of course he will. Thank you for being such a good friend. Of course. ( cries ) Hey... Oh, oh... ( sniffles ) Just hormones. Hey... ( beeping ) Oh... Who´s that? It´s Paul. ( cell phone rings ) Oh. Geez, you´re popular. He likes to be able to get a hold of me. Just a second. Hello? Hi, honey. The way she answered I couldn´t tell if she was embarrassed or lying. But something about it wasn´t right. Do you think maybe it wasn´t Paul that paged her? Well, we went downstairs a couple minutes later and she said she was going catch to a cab and I went across the street for a coffee and when I came out, I saw her get into a car with another man. What kind of car was it? It was black. I´m not sure of the make. Two-door? Four-door? Four... I think. So, how do you go about you know, tracking somebody down? We run their phone records, credit cards coordinate with the police, that sort of thing. It´s kind of hard to get away, huh? Well, in a city of eight million people it´s pretty easy, actually. Why did you say, uh... Why did you say "get away"? What? Get away. You said "get away" as opposed to being taken or...? Oh, I... I... I wasn´t thinking. It´s probably what I´m hoping. What kind of car do you drive? A ´99 Maximum. What color? Red. You ever driven a black car? Well, yeah, in my life, of course. What about the last couple days? Uh, no. What about your brother? Uh, he drives a blue Mustang. What´s this about? Is it possible that your sister-in-law was having an affair with another man? No. No way. What? Are you guys suggesting that she ran off with some other guy two weeks before she´s having Pauley´s baby? Come on, man, that´s insane. Yo, this stinks. Yeah, just the way I like it. Thanks. I don´t know how you eat that crap in the morning. It´s gross. Oh, come on-- protein, carbs, dairy... three of the four food groups. It´s good. You want some? I´m fine. Thanks. Mmm, hold on. Take a look at this. What? Right here. Look. That´s her. I think so. Grab her picture. It´s definitely her. Look. 11:03. That´s an hour after her husband left her. They´re heading out. See the way he´s pressed up against her? That could be a gun. Yeah. VIVIAN: Nice work, boys. I knew if I left you two alone you´d come up with something. Yeah, but no matter what we do, we can´t make out the guy. The baseball cap, overcoat-- he does not want to be seen. How tall is Kathy? Five-three. Okay, Overcoat´s probably about five-six? Could be a woman. Lesbian lover? Yeah, maybe she´s the real father. ( chuckles ) We better re-canvass the hospital. I´ll give this to Jack. I... I don´t know who that could be. Where were you at 11:00 a.m. yesterday? I was right here, working the shop. Can these guys vouch for you? Ask any one of them. I couldn´t just sit around the apartment any longer. What´s going on? SAMANTHA: Well... this photo was taken off the hospital security camera at 11:00 yesterday morning. You recognize the person in that photo? No. You sure. Yeah, I´m sure. You think this is the guy that took her? We have no way of knowing for sure but it appears to be. Son of a bitch. I swear to God I get my hands him, I´m gonna kill him! Come on, man... What?! Did you think I´d give a damn?! He´s my son! He´s got my boy. Do you mind if I talk to my brother for a minute? A couple business things to take care of. Sure, go ahead. Wow. Well, that´s refreshing. He´s got the FBI in his lap and he still says whatever he´s thinking. Either that or he just can´t control himself. Look, I understand that, but I really don´t think you want to make me come all the way down there when this woman´s in danger. Right.... Right. Thank you. Listen to this, man. The day before she disappeared Kathy Dobson had a prescription filled at a pharmacy in Brooklyn. Brooklyn? Why would she go all the way to Brooklyn? Are you sure it was her? Unless she´s got a five-foot, three extremely pregnant friend who filled it for her. What was the prescription? Aldomet. It lowers blood pressure. Why wouldn´t her doctor mention this to us, huh? Because it was written by a different doctor. A Dr. Feldman. OBGYN? Yep. Why would she have two OBs, huh? That´s a good question. MARTIN: Thank you for coming in, Dr. Feldman. We appreciate it. You said it was important. We need to ask you a few questions about Kathy Dobson. Did something happen to her? She disappeared. What do you mean disappeared? She was at your office the day before yesterday, right? Yes. Uh, she came in on a routine consultation... Are you aware that she sees another obstetrician? Yes. She came to see me the first time about six weeks ago. She had some concerns about the treatment she was getting from him and she wanted a second opinion. Do you have reason to believe that he wasn´t giving her adequate care? No, but she has the right to as many opinions as she wants. Did you consult with Dr. Krytzer? She asked me not to. Anyway, it´s my policy to protect the privacy of my patients, not the feelings of other doctors. Did she come to you by herself? Yes. Have you met her husband? No, I get the feeling that he is not particularly interested in the process. She told you that? Not in so many words, but it was the impression I got. Thank you, Dr. Feldman. If you hear anything else, you´ll let us know? Of course. So how long have you worked here? How long? ( man answers indistinctly ) ( revs engine ) ( tires squeal ) Thank you. What´s going on, Richie? It´s nothing. It´s just a little family argument, all right? It´s nothing. Your brother slaps you around for nothing? He was pissed off is all. Stop reading into it so much. I don´t have to read into it. Not with half your rag men out there whispering. What are you talking about? You´re banging his wife? Are you crazy? I would never lay a hand on her. Maybe I should ask your brother. See what he thinks about all that talk out there. All right, it´s, uh, it´s not what you think. What do I think? Pauley asked me to follow her. He, he was, uh... worried about her. You know, he´s jealous. I told him he was crazy, but once he gets something in his head, that´s it... you know? So he asked me to keep tabs on her for a little bit which I did, and now he blames me for not knowing what was going on. That´s why he was so mad. So who was in the black car outside their apartment that day? It was me. He paged her and asked her to come back to the shop. He told me to go pick her up. I didn´t have a car, so I used one of the customer´s. Right. He loves her, and that´s all this is about. Yeah, he loves her like he loves you-- with a raised hand. Where did he just tear off to? He wanted to know all their addresses and everywhere she´s been, you know? I guess he´s trying to track her down or something. Yeah, well, you better give me those addresses as well. We got to check out everywhere the brother saw her go. But all we have is an address? Wow, this is some lead. Looks like we´re going door to door. I should´ve brought my Bibles. Yeah, I think you´re more of an insurance guy. In the meantime, give me the names. I´ll, uh, I´ll start running them. You want them in alphabetical order? Very cute. What are they? She was never at the salon. It would be nice if the brother could give us something more than just a list of addresses. The brother said he saw her come in here. All right, what´s your best guess? What´s this about? Was she here? I think I have a right to know what this is about. She´s missing. We think she might´ve been kidnapped. When? Yesterday morning. Look, she´s in danger and every second we waste explaining it to you is a second she and her baby may not have. She came in a couple of months ago. She was very nervous. Skiddish, I would say. Please, Mrs. Dobson sit down. Um... It´s okay, um, I have to be back in a few minutes. I have to get back before, um... ( sighs heavily ) Um... I just, I wanted to ask you a few questions about, uh... If I were to get divorced... would my husband have to get part of the custody? In all likelihood, yes. Even if it were before the baby was born? Unless there were some mitigating circumstances. Is the baby his? Yes. Or... if there was some kind of abuse. Did you file any police reports? ( softly ): No. Does your doctor know about this? No. Is there anyone who could testify in your behalf? ( sobbing ) I´m afraid it´s almost impossible to prove then if it´s just your word against his. He... he hits me. Never in the face. Oh, he´s too smart for that. He hits me in, in my back and in my sides and, um, once-once he burnt me with a cigarette. And you never told anyone? I-I have to go. Thank you for your time. If something´s happened to her I guarantee you, her husband had something to do with it. DANNY: If he was knocking her around so much how come nobody noticed? Family, friends, coworkers? You´d be surprised the amount effort a woman will go to to hide it. But from her own parents? Well, it would explain why she didn´t see him that much why she pulled away from her friends. Yeah, but maybe she was planning on skipping town. She goes to the lawyer, gives her that sob story and expects the lawyer to be her mouthpiece. She´d have to be pretty cunning to do that. Well, I guess we better talk to the husband. If we can find him. I swear to God, I´ve been trying him on his cell. He´s just not answering, you know? He´s probably at one of the addresses I gave him trying to find Kathy. ( phone ringing ) Taylor. Keep an eye out for the husband. We got a couple of agents staking out the entrance but he might already be inside the building. And I think I´ve got a lead for you. Joan Wilson, 4-D. She´s on the board of the St. Francis Battered Women´s Shelter. Headquarters: half a mile from Kathy´s house. All right, I´m on it. The husband´s MIA. I´ve got Martin baby-sitting the brother, but... I just talked to Danny at the hospital. Joan Wilson´s not ready to talk yet but it had to be the husband who got to her. Your instincts were good about him. Here´s what I can´t figure out. He´s been abusing her for years, and she decides to run now, when she´s 8 1/2 months pregnant? Doesn´t make sense. Two weeks before D day. Maybe she dug up the courage. Okay, then who´s the guy in the overcoat? Is that Joan Wilson´s rundown? Yeah. Does it say how tall she is? Uh... Five-foot-seven. That would fit the security video. It certainly would. Here´s something weird. Joan Wilson, fourth grade teacher in Brooklyn hold the title on a TV repair shop in Forest Hills. She picked it up at a foreclosure two years ago. TV repair shop? That´s an odd sideline for a school teacher. Mrs. Wilson, hi. I´m Danny Taylor. I´m with the FBI. Would you mind if I ask you a couple questions? I don´t remember anything. So you don´t know who did this to you? No. Someone knocked on my door, I answered it... That´s the last thing I remember. Was it this man? I don´t know. I´m sorry. No, that´s okay. Look, whoever did this to you did they ask any questions? Specifically about a woman? No. Ever seen her before? No. Wh-Who is she? Can I help you? MALONE: FBI. Would you mind if I checked your back room? What´s the problem? Just looking for something. I´m not saying a word to you. I want a lawyer. Now. Take a seat here. Please. Please don´t take us back to my husband. You have no idea what he does to us. I understand. I really do. And I will help you... but I need you to help me first. Have you seen this woman? I know you´ve seen her. You saw how pregnant she is. She has a condition that´s life-threatening to both her and the baby, and she doesn´t even know it. I need to find her. She was here last night. ( door opening ) Just come in and sit down. I´m sorry about this but we had an emergency situation, okay? Everything´s going to be all right. Sit tight. I´ll be back in a few minutes. Okay. ( ringing ) My husband. He pages me every three minutes. Why don´t you turn it off? I don´t know. You´re here. You started the ball rolling, right? I was... I was supposed to wait until after. Then he did something? He´d been good the past couple months, but... ( sighs ) You did the right thing. For both of you. I hope so. She was only here for a couple of hours. They rushed through giving her new paperwork and then she was gone again. Do you have any idea where she is? No. With me, everything´s been so well organized. But... I don´t think they were ready for her. ( phone ringing ) Taylor. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Who were you calling, Ms. Wilson? My sister, if that´s all right. We know you´re part of an underground railroad that helps abused women. What are you talking about? You were arranging for Kathy Dobson to leave her husband. She called you from the hospital that day. You picked her up. We found the other woman and her son at your TV shop. Fake passports, wigs. Hmm? You guys are good. We need to find her, Ms. Wilson. Kathy´s in danger. Look what he did to me. If I didn´t tell him where she was do you really think I´m going to tell you? How many of these underground railroads are there? We don´t know. Maybe 15, 20 in the country. Ah. So, these guys forge passports they help mothers kidnap their children away from their fathers-- they break about a dozen different federal laws. Why don´t we bust these people? Well, I remember a couple of agents got close a few years back down in Texas. But when it came time to putting the squeeze on no one would talk. Let me tell you-- these women in the underground make the CIA boys look like a gossip convention. ( phone ringing ) Yeah. Hey. Mm-hmm. Wow. All right, I owe you one, man. Thanks. Viv... Dr. Feldman-- Kathy´s second gynecologist-- his daughter Tracy was killed five years ago. Stabbed to death by her husband. I´m going to talk to the doctor again. You´re in big trouble, Dr. Feldman. I know you think what you´re doing is heroic, and on some level, it may be. But your overzealousness may cost Kathy and her baby their lives. How´s that? We know from her other doctor that she´s preeclamptic. I know you think you´re doing the right thing by protecting your partners but the secrecy of your network has already been violated. Now, if Kathy´s husband finds her before we do I don´t think you´d want that over your head. Look, I can´t tell you where she is. I can´t do it! Dr. Feldman, I know about your daughter Tracy. I understand why you do this. But I don´t want to have to send you to prison. All right, look. What if I was to tell you we´re not interested in breaking up your network? All we want to do is find Kathy Dobson and bring her to safety. All right. I don´t know where she is exactly. See, there´s a system. So, only two or three people know where a runner is at any time. I know that she´s in Staten Island a-and that´s all. You got to give me more than that. All right, I have one contact in Staten Island. Someone I´ve worked with before but it´s just a phone number. I don´t know if Kathy´s there or not. All right, look, you´ve got to call over there. You tell them that you have another runner. She´s in Staten Island and it´s urgent. And she needs to get to that safe house. I´m not sure I can do that. Yeah, well, you´re going to have to. Make the call. All right, look I´m going to put four agents in two cars surveilling the house. If anything goes down... No surveillance. Come on, Viv. I´m going in there out of the blue as it is. They get a sense that there´s anyone around besides me, I´m not getting in there. Jack, they´re not violent. There people have broken at least a dozen federal laws. If you get made, you become a big obstacle to them. We´re not going in there to bring them down, right? We´re just going in there to find the woman. Like I said, they´ve broken at least a dozen federal laws. No surveillance. Two hours. That´s all the time you got. After that, we´re banging down the door. All right. I´ve been married for six years. At first it was great but then two years into the marriage... My husband lost his job, and he started drinking and then he started hitting me. It´s been the same ever since. I reported him to the police, but they did nothing. Why now? A couple of months ago, I was pregnant and he pushed me, and I lost the baby. And that´s when I decided I-I wouldn´t take anymore. ( sighs ) I just didn´t know how to get away. Every time I talked about leaving he said he´d kill me first. You´re doing the right thing. We can help you start a new life. That´s what I want. Now, here are our rules: you cannot tell anyone, ever about anyone in the network. Not our names not our addresses, not what we do for a living. ´Cause even if you decide to go home there are other women that depend upon the secrecy of this system. And assuming... that you have the good sense not to go home you cannot call anyone. Not parents, siblings, friends, no one. Not ever. I understand. Oh, it´s easy for you to say that now but you´re going to start feeling badly about not saying good-bye. You´re going to want to call someone. Maybe even your husband. Under no circumstances can you do that. Under no circumstances. I-I wouldn´t do that. Okay, let´s start arranging to get you some identification, huh? Give me all your old IDs-- driver´s license, credit cards. I-I didn´t bring any of that stuff. I thought that was the whole point. Well... ...good thinking. Fitzgerald here. NYPD just called. Kathy Dobson´s mother was just seen going up to her apartment complex with a suitcase. Thanks. What are you doing here, Mrs. Posey? Kathy called you, didn´t she? ( sobbing ) Who are you? What are you doing? You´re not scared, and you´re way too curious. Now, who the hell are you? WOMAN: Look, you don´t tell me what you´re doing here right now you´re going to make me use this. Okay. My name is Vivian Johnson. I´m a Federal Agent and I´m looking for a woman by the name of Kathy Dobson. Give me a break. You´re a P.I. Somebody´s husband sent you. I want to know who. She has a medical condition and if she does not go to the hospital immediately she may die. You are so full of crap. Look... we can sit here all night but you will tell me who you are and what you´re doing here. I have a number. It is the New York office of the FBI. Now, if you don´t want to get yourself into a world of trouble you´ll call it and confirm my story. Give me the number. I don´t how it could ever come to this. My sweet baby... MARTIN: Tell us about the phone call. It was a couple of hours ago. I was home with Michael; he was in the other room and the phone rang. ( phone rings ) Hello? Mom? Kathy! Where are you? I-I can´t say. I just wanted to let you know I´m okay. What are you talking about? We´re worried sick. I wanted to say good-bye. I´m leaving. Leaving? Where are you going? I-I have to go away. But why? What´s happened? It´s Paul, Mom. You know why. There are people, they can help me get set up again-- start a new life. I may not see you again. Not for a long time. Maybe not ever. But... It´s okay. Don´t worry. It´s going to be better for me. Different. Do you have money? Clothes? Please, let me bring you something. Mom, I... I can´t. Just tell me where you are. I´ll wait outside. You can come out. I just want to see you. She told me to meet her at 7:00. She´s waiting for me right now. You knew he was hitting her, didn´t you? No... I didn´t. Then why would you let her go so easily? You knew Paul was hitting her, didn´t you? ( crying ) Where is she, Mrs. Posey? I don´t know. He took the address. Who? My husband. I had it on a piece of paper I... He wanted to come with me. I was just going to go to Kathy´s apartment to get a few things... and then we were going to go together. What´s so special about Kathy Dobson? I told you; she´s sick. We got doctors that can treat her. You don´t understand. She´s preeclamptic. She´s a time bomb waiting to go off. Look, even if you are telling the truth and we do take her to a real hospital she´ll be exposed. We can protect her. Look, Diane, in about ten minutes five FBI agents are going to come barreling through that door. You will be arrested and your network with be destroyed. We are a lot stronger than any one person. And in the grand scheme of things, I´m very expendable. Well, as far as I can see other than these, you haven´t broken any laws. But if Kathy Dobson dies you´re going to be tried for murder in a very public trial. Think about what that´s going to do to your network. JACK: So, your wife gave you the address. This is between a husband and a wife. This is none of your concern. A husband and a wife? You gave Paul the address. You called him and you gave him the address. She´s his wife. He hits her. That´s a bunch of crap. He dotes on her. I know that you think that you´re doing your daughter some good but Paul is not even remotely a good guy. He smacks your daughter around. We would have seen it. I don´t think so. She´s very good at hiding it. How could she? I don´t know. How did your wife hide it all these years? What are you talking about? Look, I´d like to appeal to your more sensitive nature tell you that your daughter´s in trouble but that doesn´t seem to faze you. So, why don´t we try this: If you make me wait one more minute for that address I´m going to have you sent to jail and locked up for impeding a federal investigation. Do you understand that, Mr. Posey? You got people around the house? You call them off. I don´t. I came alone. I thought you said they were bursting in here any minute. They know where I am. The house is not under surveillance though. Look, if arresting you was our main objective we would have done that already. I came here alone and you´re just going to have to trust me on that. I know you´re not going to give us anything but you got to do one thing for me. When we nail Paul Dobson you got to testify what he did to you. He goes to jail, and Kathy goes free... legally. Step up. Kathy... everything´s going to be all right. Kathy, my name is Vivian Johnson, I´m with the FBI. How are you feeling? I´m okay. Now, we´re going to have to get you to the hospital. No, no, I´ll be okay. Look, you´re going to have to get these off of me. Look, we got doctors... They´re in there! Oh, my God, that´s Paul. Kathy, get back. Where´s my wife?! ( glass breaking ) All right, put the gun down! Drop the gun! Back off! Back... off! Where´s my wife? Put the gun down. Mr. Dobson, I´m a Federal Agent don´t do anything stupid. I don´t care who the hell you are. Kat... You can come out. She´s not going with you. Shut up! Kathy... I´m sorry. I´m sorry for whatever I´d done. Kat... I love you. Please... You don´t have to do that, Kathy. Shut up! Shut your mouth! Shut up! Kat... I love you. Come with me. Paul, I can´t. You need help. I need help? You come with me now. ( car tires squeal ) ( grunts and groans ) Stay down! Put the cuffs on him. You can´t do this to me. I just want my family back. Kathy, please! JACK: Get him out of here. Kathy! I just want my family back. Kathy! I don´t feel so well. Let´s get you out of here. It´s going to be okay. You all right? Yeah. Who´s this? She´s with Stanton Island P.D. Lucky you were here. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 