Without a Trace: Season 3, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Without a Trace 
 s3e3 - Light Years - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Without a Trace (2002–2009): Season 3, Episode 3 - Light Years - full transcript 
 The Without a Trace team searches for a missing x-ray technician who has believed since childhood that he was abducted by aliens. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Shared by http://DJJ.HOME.SAPO.PT/ Teddy? Teddy, what's wrong ? Don't ! Why ? They can sense the heat. What are you talking about ? From the lights. They'll know I'm here. It's not really safe to be near me. - Teddy, what's going on ? - Nothing ! I'm sorry - But you have to leave. - What ? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - No. - Wait. His name's Teddy Cota. His name's Teddy Cota. He's 37 years old, works as an X-ray technician at St. Andrews. Disappeared two days ago. Was last seen bythe friendly, neighborhood call girl, who happens to live across the hall in 8D. Where's she ? Danny's tracking her down on the job. Hello, Sci-Fi Channel. Do you get the impression this guy was trying to keep something out ? I don't know, but I get the impression that he liked it warm. Sam. Come check this out. What do you make of this ? Well, he's an X-ray technician. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Could be a little side work. And now that. All right, promise you won't mock ? I can't make that promise, but give what you show. It's a constellation called Pleiades, also known as the Seven Sisters. I'll may be on ask how you know, but is it going to help us find our guy ? Well, it's about 4,000 light-years away, but considering to the circumstances,... I'd say it's a start. Ms. Tompkeller ? Hi, I'm Danny Taylor. I've got a lawyer, okay ? His number's in my purse. I don't think you're going to need that number today, so you can relax. I want to ask you about Teddy Cota. We've been assigned his missing persons case and you were the last person to see him before he went missing. - That's what I told the cops. - Can you tell me a little bit about you and Teddy ? We're just friends. He's a sweet guy. Was your relationship professional ? You mean, did I let him take my X rays ? Teddy's a friend. He feeds my cats when I work late. He's not a John, okay ? Okay. Now you told the police that Teddy thought there were some people after him. Any idea who ? No. But when I was coming home later, I heard this racket in the hallway. Cota. Open the damn door ! I'm not fooling around out here. Open this door ! Did you know the guy ? No. But since Teddy let him in, I figured they were friends. And you didn't hear anything after that ? Not that I remember. I checked to see if he was okay in the morning, but he wasn't around. Next day, same thing. So I called the hospital and they said he hadn't shown up for two days. That's when I called the cops. How's it going ? Hooker said she saw a guy banging on Teddy's door the night he disappeared. - According to her, Teddy let him in. - She recognize him ? She says no. I'm going to have a sketch artist come down here but she didn't get a great look. You believe her ? Yeah, I do. Other than the aliens, do you have any idea why Teddy would be so upset ? Teddy had a girlfriend. I hadn't seen her around much lately. I think they were having problems. Do you know her name ? Sonya something. She works at the hospital with Teddy. We're going to have to do some background on Teddy, and we're going to have to find out who this door-banger is. I'm on it. Thanks. Jack Malone ? You've been served. That would be Sonya Tramille you're looking for. I'll page her for you. You can have a seat right around the corner. - Thank you. - Thanks. So how are things on the home front ? I flew to Chicago last weekend, took the girls to the zoo. I'm just trying to keep them out of the war zone. Must be complicated. You could say that. Excuse me. I'm Sonya Tramille. They said you were looking for me. Jack Malone, FBI. This is Special Agent Spade. I need to ask you some questions about Teddy Cota. Why, what's going on ? I'm not sure if you're aware of it or not, but he hasn't been at work for the last two days. No. We haven't been talking the last couple of weeks. Is that the reason why ? What are you, four months ? Just over. Does Teddy know about it ? Of course. I told him as soon as I knew. Don't you love it when I make you a romantic meal ? I especially like your skill with the telephone utensil. And I can say Moo Goo Gai Pan with perfect enunciation. Teddy. What ? I need to tell you something. Is everything okay ? I think. I mean, I hope. I'm pregnant, Teddy. Really ? Yes, really. You don't seem happy. No... I'm fine, really. Okay. This is good. It's good. I thought he was just feeling the pressure of having a baby, but... We've only been together for about a year. He's the sweetest guy I've ever met, but there's a side to him he kept very private. You mean the aliens ? What did he tell you about them ? Teddy thought he had been abducted by aliens when he was little. - He said they did all kinds of horrible things to him. - What kind of things ? Experiments... Painful surgeries. He only told me about this after I got pregnant. He thought aliens were going to abduct our baby. That's when I told him... I didn't think we should stay together. And how'd he deal with that ? He went downhill pretty fast. He started spending more time down at this support group, the... the "Clear Skies Society." It's for people who believe they've been abducted. - He had a friend named Duncan there. - What about his family ? His parents died when he was little. His aunt and uncle raised him. There's a cousin in Jersey I've heard him mention, but I don't know his name. Okay. Thanks for your time. We'll be in touch. Thank you. Teddy's a good guy. He's very reliable. He even volunteers at the dialysis center. He reads comics to the kids, keeps them entertained. I actually saw him acting out all of the parts of an X-Men one time. Just as I thought, these are all Teddy's. Well, like I said, we found them in his apartment. That's not what I mean. These are all images of Teddy's head. So you've seen these before ? A few. But I didn't know he had such a large collection. As you can see, he's got quite a fixation with this object in his head. - What is it ? - It looks like some kind of mastomy. It could be a tumor, but you really need to get some more tests. I don't have time for a test. I want it out. No surgeon will do this operation until they know exactly what it is they are dealing with. You can always find somebody... - if you have the money. - What is the urgency here ? Nothing. Never mind. Thanks for your help, Dr. McCann. So if it is a tumor, could it cause erratic behavior ? Technically, yes. If the tumor were putting pressure on his brain. Tell me, Doctor, did he uh, ever consult a surgeon here ? Not that I know of. Do you have any idea where he might have gone for this operation ? No. But there are hacks who take advantage of people like Teddy. And if he found one of them, then, uh, you'll probably find him hooked up to a ventilator somewhere. It's a warning from Maria's lawyer. It says you've got 30 days to respond to the OSC papers I sent you last week. - She needs a process server for that ? - She's just trying to intimidate you. Did you sign the papers ? Not yet. Well, I need them signed. Are you getting cold feet, Jack ? - Are you not up for this fight ? - I'm up for the fight. Well, you better be. This is a copy of a writ I received this morning. Your soon-to-be ex-wife is subpoenaing third parties to testify against you. - Who did she subpoena ? - All your coworkers... Taylor, Fitzgerald, Johnson, Spade. They've even subpoenaed Spade's shrink, Dr. Lisa Harris. They're going to use your affair with Spade to make you look like an unfit parent. I can't believe she'd resort to this. She's a lawyer, too, Jack. - She doesn't operate this way. - Yes, she does. She's been taking notes all year long, Jack. Even after you got back together for your famous second chance, she's been taking notes. When you came home late, how many times you missed dinner, didn't pick up the girls from school. This is war, Jack. So what do you want to do ? - Intruders ! - Hey, hey ! - Stay right where you are ! FBI ! - Sit down. Sit down. We're looking for Duncan. That's me. We need to ask you a few questions about Teddy Cota. You're friends with him, right ? - Uh, kinda. - What do you mean, "kinda" ? He's been around here for the last three months or so. Well, he's missing and we're trying to find out where he is. You're not, like... Men In Black ? The movie ? You mean the government-alien conspiracy ? - That's a theory, yeah. - Wait, what conspiracy ? Well, it's basically a pact between the Grey Aliens and the secret rebel faction of the government intent on destroying the human race. Really ? Yes. So, why are you asking about M.I.B. ? Because they were following us the other night, me and Teddy. This way. Come on. This way ! Teddy. Teddy. Back off ! I'm warning you. If that thing worked so well, why was Teddy still worried ? What he's gone through, it's a lifetime of worry. Have you seen these Men In Black again ? No, but that does not mean that they didn't get Teddy when I wasn't around. They are very determined. Great, okay, thank you very much. Uh... wait a minute. You're like the real Mulder and Scully, right ? I mean, that's it, isn't it ? - Yeah, that's us. - Yes ! The radiologist said that the oldest one dates back about 15 years ago. Did he specify what's in his head ? No, he wasn't sure, but whatever it is, Teddy wants it out. My guess is that Teddy thinks it's an alien implant. An implant ? Yeah, it's a, it's a common fear among abductees, that aliens implant them with a device of some kind - in order to track their whereabouts. - What, so they can... re-abduct them ? Or read their minds. Control them remotely. There's a bunch of different theories. Look, if Teddy fears that he has an implant, the run-in with the so-called Men In Black could only make things worse. You seem to have quite extensive knowledge on the subject. I might have done some reading. Don't even get him started on the whole Blue-Grey alien division. Trust me, I won't. Anyway, this Men In Black thing's probably a scam. Vivian found a check that Teddy wrote a couple of weeks ago for 5,000 bucks to this... alien-guru, Dr. Bedford, the same Dr. Bedford who sold him the medallion. It sounds like he's trying to scare Teddy into forking over some more cash. I'm going to talk to Bedford. Let's get in to Teddy's old hospital records. If he's been getting his head x-rayed all over town, maybe he's gone back to one of the old hospitals to try and get whatever he thinks he has in his head removed. I'm on it. I tracked down the next of kin, a cousin in Jersey by the name of Leo Cota. Good. Do you want me to check him out ? Sure, that'd be great. Agent Malone, thanks for waiting. I see you've taken in my wall of fame. Interesting. You're skeptical. Please. November 5, 1975, Six men see Travis Walden get hit by a bolt of green light, coming from an object... hovering in the Arizona sky. All took and passed a lie detector test. November 30, 1989, at least three men, including a U.N. statesman, witnessed Linda Cortia being transported from her 12th-story apartment window... to a UFO. None knew the woman,... yet all their descriptions matched. These examples go back thousands of years, to the Greeks,... the Incas, the Mayans. It simply can't all be a myth. So when was Teddy Cota taken ? With him, for some reason, it's cloudy. but I have no doubt as to the veracity of his experience. And why is that ? The vividness with which he describes the event, for one thing, but mostly, it's his fear. It's this thing that follows me around. It's like a shadow. I think it's them, and lately, it's been getting worse. I can see it everywhere. When did you first see it ? I can't remember, exactly. Sometime when I was a kid. Was it around the time you were abducted ? Look... Maybe I'm crazy. All I know is that... I'm dying here. I know what happened to me. I can remember all of it, but who's going to believe me ? I will. Right. You're not crazy, Teddy. Thousands of others have experience are similar to yours. They found a way to live through the pain. What happened to you is real. Don't turn away from that. So what am I supposed to do ? Stop running away. That's the only way you can beat them. Teddy take your advice ? I believe so. It wasn't easy, but I think he's headed in the right direction. These look familiar ? They're company checks written by you on the same day that Teddy Cota was chased by these so-called Men In Black. Now, if he's as troubled as you say he is, why would you hire people to shake him down ? I didn't write those checks. Then who did ? One of my employees decided to take advantage of Teddy and a few others. He hired two actors to harass them. and what's his name ? David Cooper. Is this David Cooper ? No. And so you understand, when I discovered what happened, I fired him. Unfortunately, in this line of work you get all kinds of people. And just so you understand, Dr. Bedford, this is an ongoing investigation. If I find out you've been involved, you're going to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. You have a great day. I'm checking on the UFO guru's alibi, but so far he looks clean. Well, what about his employee, David Cooper ? In the clear. He was at a wedding at a place called Ravib's out in Great Neck. We can get him on extortion, but other than that, I got nothing. Well, I spoke with the hospital where Teddy had his first X ray taken 15 years ago. Apparently, he came in asking to have an X ray taken of his head, but he wasn't even hurt at the time. Back to square one. Yeah. It's pretty clear why he became an X-ray tech. He wanted to keep track of that alien implant in his head. Wow, you should be in law enforcement. - I hear the hours are terrible. - Yeah, but the benefits are pretty good. Yeah, I-I know all about Teddy's alien B.S. He's been making up those stories ever since Mom and Dad took him in. But... He was always reading sci-fi comics and watching those movies. The stories came right out of that. Excuse me. Mom... she passed last year, and she... made me promise to take care of him. Now, you say that your mother and father raised Teddy ? What happened to his parents ? They, uh, they died in a car accident when he was ten. He never really recovered from the loss. I mean, I'm no shrink, but it's obvious... these alien stories are his way of dealing with it. You see, we found a collection of X rays in Teddy's apartment. Now, they show an object in his head. We think he believes it's some kind of alien implant. His... head was pretty banged up in the crash with his parents. I'm not surprised he made that part of the stories, too. He was really into this alien stuff, you know. See, my dad worked at a converted air base. It was rumored that they did alien testing back in the '50s, so I-I think he just took that and, an-and ran with it. Did he ever mention the implant to you ? No, but I mean, we've... kind of lost touch. I mean, he'd call a couple times a year. I... I thought he'd calmed down about all this alien stuff. When he came by last week, he was back to that crazy talk. It's this kid at the hospital. He's got bruises on his neck and his shoulder. I think they're hurting him because of me. Now,... by "them," Teddy, you, you mean the aliens, right ? I know how it sounds, Leo. - But you gotta believe me. - No, I'm not trying to judge. I just, I just want you to explain it, okay ? When I resist them,... they hurt people close to me, innocent people, Leo. And they're hurting people to get back at you ? Yeah. To punish me. They want me to stop fighting. Look, um... Teddy, I'm gonna ask you a question. And... and I want you to tell me the truth, okay ? Are you hurting this kid ? No ! - God, I couldn't do that. - Are you sure ? Yeah, of course. All right, well, you need to report this to Social Services, because if this kid is being abused, they can deal with it. Look, this is very important that you take care of this. Do you understand what I'm saying, Teddy ? Yeah. I know. Did he report it ? I don't know. Well, did he mention the child's name ? Not that I remember. Kevin Burke ? Hey. I'm Danny. This is Jack. We're with the FBI. What's up ? Mind if I sit down ? What are you reading ? I don't know, it's lame. Yeah, it looks pretty lame. I hear Teddy reads you the X-Men. He brings them from home. This is all they got here. Have you seen Teddy around here lately ? No. The nurses said he was taking a break from work. Mm. Well, he's worried about you. That bruise on your neck. Has he talked to you about that ? He... - He asked me some questions. - And what'd you tell him ? He told me not to tell anyone. - Kevin, did he hurt you ? - No. - Are you sure ? - It wasn't him. He tried to help me. He tried to make them stop. "Them" ? Who's "them" ? Who hurt you ? It was the aliens. So, the aliens hurt you ? Yeah. Did Teddy tell you that ? Not really. He just helped me remember it. What happened this time ? Nothing. I was just messing around with Ryan, and I hit a chair. Who did this to you ? No one. I told you, I fell on a chair. I want you to listen to me, okay ? I talked to a friend of mine, and he said that... we really need to do something about this. I promise you... I can help. Just tell me. It's okay. It was the aliens, wasn't it ? You can tell me. It's okay. Did they do it ? Yeah. It was the aliens. I'll be right back, all right ? This kid is definitely covering up for someone. Yeah, either that, or we're gonna have to open up our minds. My guess is that the dad found out that Teddy was snooping around and he wanted to shut him up. Keep talking to him, see what you can find out. I want to talk to the father. All right. Is that the guy ? Yeah. You sure ? That's him. That's the guy I saw at Teddy's door. Okay. Thanks. Pat Burke, right ? - Yeah. You the sandwich guy ? - Excuse me ? The last person in here told me I could have a sandwich. I've been waiting over an hour. Sorry for the wait. He'll be here in a minute. Oh, whatever. While we're waiting,... I'd like to ask you a couple questions about Teddy Cota. Teddy who ? Teddy Cota. He lives on West 38th Street. I have an eyewitness that places you at his apartment two nights ago. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, I didn't know his last name. Well, Mr. Cota believes that your son is being physically abused. He was gonna file a report with Social Services. That's news to me. I don't think so. I think you went to his apartment to stop him. All right, look. I saw those bruises on Kevin. I figured this guy's doing something to my kid, and I wasn't about to let it happen anymore. Stay away from Kevin, you got it ? Listen, you don't understand. You have to protect him ! They'll keep on hurting him ! What ? Who are you talking about ? Who's "they" ? I'm going to make them stop. I promise. Look, buddy, I don't know what's going on here, but you come near my son again, and I'll kill you. You got it ? So, you went from trying to crack his skull open to just walking away? Yeah, I got my message across. - Yeah ? - Yeah. Why didn't you just say that in the beginning ? I'll tell you why. Because Teddy Cota wasn't abusing your son, you were. - That's a load... - Shut up ! You do not speak unless I tell you to speak. Your son has told us everything, and right now he's telling the D.A. the exact same thing. Now, you want to tell me where you went after you left Teddy Cota's apartment ? I picked up my cab from the garage. I work the graveyard shift. What's the name of the company ? Royal. You just stay there. NYPD will be along to question you further. - Hey, what the... - Hey ! Next time you want to hit someone, come find me. Jack, Sonya Tramille just called. She received a videotape in the mail. She says it's a good-bye message. Hi. It's me. Obviously. Okay... uh, first thing, I'm sorry to tell you this way. I had to take care of this problem. I know it's what you wanted me to do. You were right. I'm done fighting. Uh, I have to... go back to the beginning, to give them what they want. It's the only way they'll stop. See ? They hurt children. Because I fight them. And they want to hurt our baby, and there's no way I will let anybody do that. I love you. And when that baby comes, you tell him I love him, too. I'm sorry I won't be around, but... He's gonna have the greatest mom in the world to raise him. So, that's it. Um... I'm gonna say bye. I love you. I've never seen him this bad before. He's gonna kill himself, isn't he ? - I would not jump to that conclusion, I would not... - I think that's what he was saying. jump to that conclusion. Listen, um, thank you very much for bringing the tape to our attention. we'll get in touch with you soon. - Okay. - Thanks for coming in. Well, he seems pretty traumatized. It is possible that it's a suicide. He said he had to protect the "children", plural. So what does that mean, someone other than Kevin Burke ? Maybe the other children he's referring to are... himself. Perhaps he suffered some kind of childhood trauma. The car accident. You know, he's been running from aliens his entire life, right ? And now after all these years, he decides to give up. Not kill himself,... but give up and let himself be abducted again. Well, he did say, go back to the beginning. You think he's sitting on the side of some road waiting for the aliens to pick him up ? I think we should find out where this car accident happened. All right, here we go. The accident occurred on a frontage road off of Highway 220 in Lock Haven, Pennsylvania. That's what, three hours from here ? - Yeah. I'll have the locals go out and check it out. Teddy's cousin said that he suffered a head injury in the accident, right ? Yeah, that's what he told Viv. It says here that he walked away without a scratch. Really ? Does the date October 13, 1978, ring a bell ? I don't know. I'm supposed to remember it ? You said that Teddy was injured in a car accident in 1977. According to the hospital records, he wasn't. Yeah. So what are you saying ? Teddy was shot a year later, October 13, 1978. He was admitted to the hospital, where he had surgery to remove a bullet fragment from his head. Those X rays that he has in his apartment, they show the scar tissue from where the fragment was removed. He lived in this house. You can't tell me you didn't know. All right, I knew about it. So, what happened ? I shot him. Why'd you shoot him ? Well, I didn't mean to, actually. I was, uh,... I was trying to save him. I was aiming for my dad. You were trying to shoot your father ? My dad started coming into my room when I was about nine. That went on for a couple of years, until Teddy moved in, and then he made Teddy his special friend and took him everywhere. He said he needed the attention on account of his parents dying. They would come back from their little trips and he would launch one of these stories about what a great time they had, and making up his stories. You know, I would just... I would look at Teddy and I... I don't know. One night I just decided that, uh, it had gone on long enough. Dad was a... He was a security guard at a converted airbase. It wasn't much of a job, but he managed to keep busy. My aim was good. Not good enough, but it managed... it managed to put him in a chair for life. Teddy caught a piece of buckshot in his head. You didn't tell anybody else ? No. What about Teddy ? Teddy. You know, I honestly thought that Teddy was better off. I mean, at least he had his alien stories. Where's the airport where your father worked ? It's out in Mayfield. It's been shut down now for about ten years. Are we not talking ? Is that, uh,... is that what's going on here ? You know, it's been two weeks. You still haven't unpacked the boxes at your desk. What's that for, is that for my benefit ? Don't flatter yourself, Jack, please. You know what, Viv ? I understand that you're upset. Just knock off the whole martyr thing, will you ? Me, a martyr ? Look who's talking. You walk around with the weight of the world on your shoulders. You know what ? As far as I'm concerned, you should be back in Chicago doing what's right for your kids. You know what ? You want to take a shot at me about my work, that's one thing. But just shut up about my personal life, all right? It's none of your business. Yeah, well, stop bringing your personal life into the workplace, Jack. - What the hell is that supposed to mean ? - It means... you screwed Samantha and dumped her like garbage. You go back to your wife, but you don't really try and make that work. You recommend me for a job then you take that back. Then you come along and you say sorry, like I'm supposed to go back as if nothing happened. Well, you know what ? You need to take responsibility for the things you do, Jack, and grow up. Teddy. Teddy, it's okay. I'm with the FBI. We're here to help you. Teddy, you're going to be okay. Come on. I can't go. I have to stay. Teddy, I'm Special Agent Vivian Johnson. We're going to take you home. Let him go. Danny, come with me. Jack. What, they haven't taken you yet ? It's what you're waiting for, right ? Yeah. We talked to your girlfriend. She told us about the implants, the surgeries. I don't want to talk to you. I didn't break any laws. So I have the right to do whatever I want to. Just go away. Why don't you tell me how it happened ? What do you want ? If you tell me exactly how you were abducted, I'll go. I'll leave you alone. Tell me. Just tell me what happened. They came through the window. I saw lights in the sky. They were moving fast. It was bright and I couldn't move. Everything started getting loud. That's when I saw it. There was one of them coming after me. Is that it ? - Yeah, so are we done ? - No. - You just said... ! - I know what I said ! But I want the truth, and you're not telling me the truth. I don't want to talk to you anymore ! I know what happened. I'm getting sick of this crap. Come over here. Look out the window. 20 years ago that was a working airport. Isn't it possible that the lights you saw were just planes landing at night ? Isn't it possible that those lights, that you think are alien spaceships are just planes landing ? - No, I didn't see any planes. - Didn't you say that this whole building shook ? That it was loud ? Look at where we are. We're 50 feet from the runway. Every time a plane would have touched down, this place would have shaken to the foundations. I know what I saw ! I was here ! And you weren't ! And just because you got some badge... - doesn't mean I'm crazy ! - I didn't say you were crazy. I talked to your cousin Leo. He told me what happened to you. You want to know what your cousin said ? He wasn't here. He doesn't know anything. He was here ! He was the one that stopped what was happening to you. There's no aliens, Teddy. - It was your uncle. - Jack, that's enough. He raped you. Your uncle raped you. - Please, don't. Don't ! - Okay. Your parents are dead. You got no one to protect you. Your cousin Leo comes in and he takes care of it, by shooting your uncle. It was your uncle. I'd like to go home, please. Come on, Teddy, I'll take you home now. Good night. Good night. Hey, Viv ? Yeah ? Are you okay ? Yeah, I'm fine. I'll see you tomorrow. Okay. So, Scully, you done yet ? I've still got about another half hour here. Okay. You know, I still haven't seen your apartment. No, you haven't. So I'll come by later ? Good idea. Sous-titres par brainwash Transcript de Raceman 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 