Without a Trace: Season 6, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Without a Trace 
 s6e5 - Run - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Without a Trace (2002–2009): Season 6, Episode 5 - Run - full transcript 
 A woman disappears after an office shooting, but the case is tied to a custody battle and accusations of molestation. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 And he just stood there with his arms flexed going, "Go ahead. Touch 'em. Touch 'em." What'd you do? Well, everybody in the bar was staring at us. What else was I going to do? I touched 'em. And? Man boobs. Works out six hours a day, my ass. Sounds like a perfect Saturday night. Next weekend you'll come with us 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and see for yourself. Oh, my manager at my apartment building mows the lawn without his shirt on. I think I get all the man boobs I need. I will get you out eventually, Kelly. MAN: Sir, I need you to sign in. Then what would we talk about on Monday? Sir, you can't go in there! He's got a gun! Sam. Hey. So what do we know? We got two dead, one critical, three in stable condition and a Kelly Schmidt who's nowhere to be found. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We've ID'd the shooter. His name is Craig Fitzpatrick. Hmm, he have any connection with our missing girl? So far there's no evidence that he knew her or anyone else who worked here. Local PD went to her apartment to try and find her. No Kelly, but it had been broken into. Hmm. What kind of weapon was he using? Nine-millimeter. We found it by his body after he shot himself. Doesn't look like he reloaded. Well, you're good with theories. What do you think happened to our missing girl? Well, she could have gotten scared, taken off, but it's been, what, six hours. Yeah. Why hasn't anybody heard from her? I talked to some of Kelly Schmidt's coworkers. They said she takes the bus to work, so I'm assuming no car. No car and apparently no driver's license, at least not in the tri-state area. All right, maybe she's not from around here. I'll look into it, see what I can find. I'll let you know. Okay, thanks. All right, bye. Okay, so I looked at the security footage from the parking garage. You can't tell if the shooter was alone when he pulled in. So it's possible he had an accomplice who grabbed Kelly when she left the building. MAN: I didn't see a second guy. I didn't even see the gun. I never would have let him into that room with all those people if I knew he had a gun. I hear you got a shot off. It went wide. All it did was make him turn around and shoot me. Yeah, but you distracted him. Got a lot of people out of the building. Yeah, maybe. You ever see this guy before? Nah. He just flew right by me. You think he was after Kelly Schmidt? Well, if he was, he didn't find her. By the time I got to my gun, he'd offed himself. You can't come in here. I just need one more minute, okay? I'm sorry. The doctor's waiting. Look, Kelly was headed in one direction and then she changed her mind and headed in another direction. Do you have any theory as to why? I don't know. Okay, um... the door she went to-- she went with a bunch of people? No. No, there was no one there. They all went out through the billing department. So the exit she left from-- where does it go? Uh, probably the emergency exit-- it leads to the side of the building. I really wish I could have stopped him. You did great. Thanks. Okay, so I can't find any connection between Kelly Schmidt and our shooter Craig Fitzpatrick, but he did make a lot of calls to the cell phone of a Rushlight employee named Maggie Jens. Okay, Maggie Jens... Well, according to the badge scan, she didn't go to work today. Viv, look at this. Maggie Jens and our shooter had the same home address. She was probably the target. Yeah, but if he wanted to shoot her, he could have done it at home. Why go to Rushlight? I don't know. Look, there's a bunch of calls between Kelly and Maggie's cell phones. Now Maggie called Kelly at home, but there aren't any calls from Kelly to Maggie's home. So she had some reason to avoid him. Or she knows enough to be afraid of him. It could be, but this much contact by cell phone-- seems like they're trying to hide something from him. Hey. Hey. It looked like Kelly Schmidt came home and changed her clothes after the shooting. Well, one of the neighbors-- he says that he heard about the shooting on the radio, then walked by this apartment and says that Kelly's door was fine, so the break-in had to happen afterwards. Well, then that rules out Craig Fitzpatrick, right? It's a bad day when you have two crazy people after you. I don't know. Maybe she, uh... maybe she knew there was somebody else. She got scared and that's why she ran away... I'm sorry. I got to sit down for a second. So, you okay? Yeah, um... I'm pregnant. Okay... How do you feel about it? Apart from the fact that I'm getting sick, I don't... I don't know. So when you know how you feel about it, then you will let me know, so I can respond accordingly. I haven't told anybody else at work. My lips are sealed, I promise. Aren't you going to ask me who the father is? It's none of my business. It's no one you know. Just so you know. Like I said, it's none of my business. All right, I'm going to to throw up, and then I'm going to call ERT and have them process this place right away. I had no idea Craig could do something like that. Poor Carol. Ms. Jens, why did you check into a motel? Did you think he was dangerous? I left him a note telling him I was leaving him. I was afraid that he would get violent with me. Figured it would be better if he just didn't know where I was. I just... I didn't know. Do you know where Kelly Schmidt is? Why? Did something happen to her? Well, we thought she was trying to contact you to find out if you were okay. No. Do you know why someone would break into her apartment? If you know something, please tell us. I don't want to get her into trouble. Maggie, she's missing. She's already in trouble. I went to her house for dinner a week ago. You sure you don't want some of this? I can't drink. It doesn't sit well on my stomach. Oh, well, no wonder you eat like this all the time. That pot roast was fantastic. Thanks. I don't cook, like, this much. It's just me. Seems like a waste. There's a reason people shouldn't drink alone. Oh, my. Don't worry about it. It's not a big deal. Just, uh... Let me get you something to change into. Sorry about the glass. I'll buy you a new one. That's okay. I don't have a matching set anyway. Kelly? Yeah. Did you steal these from work? Did you? I'm in a ton of trouble with my credit cards. You have to take them back. Well, there's a guy; he's expecting them. You'll have to tell him too bad. Kelly, if corporate finds out or starts trying to figure out what happened, you'll get caught. You have to take them back. I will. I just really needed the money. Just don't tell anyone, okay? I helped you when Craig was drinking and you were afraid of him. Please, you got to let me make it right. I assumed since I hadn't heard anything at work that she'd managed to get them back somehow. Well, they weren't in her apartment, so maybe she did. Any idea who she was supposed to sell 'em to? No. You think she might have told someone else about them? Kelly's real nice, but she's, she's kind of a hermit. Other than me, a few other people at work, she doesn't really talk to anybody. Surely, she had someone. There was... there was a Ralph. Um, he was the only person that she dated while I knew her. He just kept asking. She said yes just to make him stop. Where can we find Ralph? He managed hardware at Wal-Mart, I think. SPADE: Well, she lied about being up to her eyeballs in debt. She's got one credit card with a zero balance. Well, maybe she's just a thief. There were two other inventory shrinkages since she started working at Rushlight. So, what, she was worried that the shooting would get her caught? That seems kind of paranoid, even for a thief. Well, I've got her application for Rushlight, so I'll call her past employers. If she stole from them, maybe they can help us ID her buyer. Okay. Spade. Uh-huh. Okay, got it. Thanks. One of the stolen GPS units was activated a couple hours ago; a guy named Chester Lake. Great. Did we get a pop on those prints from Kelly Schmidt's apartment? Not yet. All right, you know, try matching them up against a guy named Chester Lake. It's a match. Mm, possession of stolen property, selling stolen property, just your average fence. What's his connection to Kelly Schmidt? That's what I intend to find out. No, we're busting you because you're in possession of a GPS that she stole and because your fingerprints are all over her apartment and she's missing. She sold it to me. I think I got a receipt at home. Come on, Chester. What happened? Did she panic, want to come clean, so you killed her, hmm? I didn't touch her. Okay, fine, it doesn't matter. This qualifies as a third strike anyway. I'll get the process started: photos, fingerprints. Wait, wait, wait, hold on. You gonna give me a reason to pretend that you actually have a receipt for this at home? She called right after the shooting. She said, um, "There's a change of plans. Come over right away." Because it's gonna be on the news and he might see me. Yeah, well, at least this way I'll be moving. I'm gonna be there before lunch so we can talk about it then, okay? Bye. What the hell happened at Rushlight? A crazed boyfriend shot up the place. Did anyone...? Is everyone okay? Uh, the guy with the gun and some woman are dead. There's a couple other that are shot, but they're okay. Did you bring me a car? Yeah, but I don't think you should be going anywhere. Look, Chester, I don't want to talk about it. The units are in the closet. They're worth way more than whatever crap-ass car you brought me, okay? You win in this transaction. Let's leave it at that. The cops are gonna come looking for you. Then I guess you better get your stuff and stop hanging around. I stuffed all the units in a garbage bag and I left. She was still packing. So you didn't break into her apartment? No. Anybody else hanging around? I wasn't looking. You're a bad liar, Chester. She didn't call you from her phone. I gave her a burner phone to use to call me. She must have been using it for other things. Oh, you have a receipt for that at home as well? Why don't you write down all the information about the car that you gave her? So if Lake is telling the truth, she's got a half day head start and could be, like, 400 miles away. All right. There's nothing like a nice tight APB. I'd love to help you out with that tight APB, but I tried contacting three of the references from her Rushlight employment application. They're all bogus. So whatever she's running from happened before she got the job. Somewhere east of the Mississippi before the Rushlight job. I think we got it narrowed down. Here's a shot in the dark. I couldn't find a Ralph at Wal-Mart. in the same mall. Close enough. Hmm? I haven't seen her in a couple months. Not since she broke up with me. How long did you go out? Barely five weeks. Now, did she talk about anything that might explain why she's missing? Kelly was a good listener. But I think it was a cover to avoid having to talk about herself. The cops were swarming the neighborhood, going door-to-door. What were you doing? I was finishing, I don't know, 20th gumball. Did your parents every figure out how you got into the neighbor's house? : I'd taken a kitchen knife, cut through our screen door, and then climbed into the neighbor's open basement window. Wow. You were a boy with a great love of gumballs. : All right, it's your turn. Happy childhood memory. I don't really remember anything from when I was little. Oh, come on. There's got to be something. No, just the standard stuff. Picnics, trips to the fair. Oh, my God, the most boring childhood ever. Listen, you better tell me something or I'm gonna make you have sex with me again. We had a house with a tin roof and it would get all hot from the sun. And on the Fourth of July my mother and I would take a blanket out and watch the fireworks over the Chesapeake Bay. We'd lay out there watching them explode and light up the bridge until the roof cooled down. I'd say that sounds fun. It was... until my mom died. Then no more roof. Um, so is that where you spent your vacations? What? The Chesapeake Bay. I thought you said you grew up in Indiana. Yeah. I'm hungry. Are you hungry? You know, I didn't think about it until right now, but it was only a few days later that she said she didn't want to see me anymore. Do you remember anything else? No. I wish I did. I liked her. Lucy? I'm still trying to track the burner cell phone call she made. Question: Can you handle doing two things at the same time? I need a satellite image of Chesapeake Bay from 15 years ago. Let's start west of Hampton Bridge. This is ten square miles. Well, according to the Hampton, Virginia City Hall, this is where they usually have the fireworks show, so we're gonna have to canvas door-to-door between this hill on the edge of town and the water. So focus on this. Then, hopefully, we'll be able to narrow it down. Based on what? Tin roofs. I'm gonna need the addresses to all the houses that have one. Her name isn't Kelly. It's Sue. She's missing? Did you hear about the office shooting today? Yes, on the radio. Well, she was there and disappeared in the aftermath. Jasmine, what about Jasmine? Who's Jasmine? Jasmine's my granddaughter. This is my daughter. I haven't seen them in two years. Mommy! Hi, sweetie. What are you doing here? I went to the house to see Jasmine. Mike said she was here. Yeah, he's going out of town tomorrow morning early. He asked me to look after her. Sweetheart, why don't you go up to your room for a minute? You can't be here. You know that. According to the custody agreement, you can't be here. Can't we bend the rules just a little? I thought maybe we could put it behind us. All the ugliness. Why don't you pour me a glass of whatever you're drinking and we could try to start over? Oh, yeah, drugs and alcohol. That's how you lost her in the first place. It won't happen again. Please, Daddy? If you don't go, I'm gonna call the police. Just let Jasmine come home with me, please?! Hey... I just want to take care of my baby! Listen to me. If you don't leave, I'm gonna call the police. I really don't want to have you arrested. No! Is that what you want? Do you want me to call the police, huh? No. Is that what you want?! No! Good-bye, Mommy. Good night, sweetheart. Remember... I love you, okay? A bushel and a peck. I woke up in the morning. Jasmine was gone. Sue had a key to the house. It never dawned on me to change the locks. Could you tell me the name of your daughter's ex Mike Neely. Works with me at the factory. Great dad to Jasmine, which is why he got custody. I kept thinking that Sue would bring Jasmine back. Mr. Carlton, can I bother you for a photograph of your granddaughter? That's a couple years old. You will find them? We'll do absolutely everything we can. VIVIAN: I did find a parental kidnap warrant for Sue Carlton issued by the Albany office. Any leads? Yeah, well, the agent there said that he tracked it for a couple of months and nothing turned up and so... And then he got busy. Yeah. Mmph. So how's it going here? Good. I've been reading the transcripts from the divorce proceedings. Viv, listen to this. Mike Neely filed for sole custody with limited supervised visitation for his ex-wife. He alleged drug abuse and emotional instability. Now the drugs were all he said-she said, but there's a hospital report, which says that Sue tried to commit suicide when she was 16 years old. Well, what's a juvenile record doing in a divorce transcript? Sue's father gave it to the court. He testified against her. Okay. An apartment building in Vineland, New Jersey ran a credit check on Sue Carlton's Social Security number six months after she kidnapped Jasmine. And she looked like this. Lived here with her daughter Jasmine. And when was that? Oh, they left about a year ago. Any idea why? Sue seemed stressed out, if you know what I mean. No, sir, I don't know if I do. Well, I heard her fighting with Jasmine a couple of nights. I just think her money troubles got to her. Oh, hi, Sue. Hey, Mr. Garver. You all right? Yeah, I'm fine. Where's Jasmine? I had to drop her at her grandma's for a little while. Uh, you know, my schedule. I know you've been having some trouble. Yeah. Uh, it's been hard on Jasmine, my being gone so much. She's a sensitive little girl. You know, Mrs. Garver does some baby-sitting. I'll bet she'd give you a good rate. Might make your schedule easier to manage. Thanks, Mr. Garver. It's a nice offer. Be careful. It's wet. So I went to check on her the next afternoon. Apartment was empty. Totally cleared out. Never saw her again. And you're sure that she dropped Jasmine off at her grandmother's? Yeah, Mrs. Garver and I were relieved to know she had someone to turn to. Now beside the fighting, did you ever notice her abusing Jasmine? You mean, hit her? Yeah, anything like that. No, never. Jasmine was clean, seemed well cared for. I mean, that's why I thought Sue was a safe bet. She stiffed me out of a month's rent. So it just goes to show, doesn't it? Yeah, I guess. Now what about him, seen him before? Yeah, that's Jasmine's dad. He came by a couple days later. He was looking for them. What'd you tell him? What I knew: nothing. Mother kidnaps her daughter; the daughter's never seen again. Looks to me like the judge made the right custody call. Maybe, but... Jasmine didn't disappear until a year after they'd been on the run, right? And the landlord said he never saw any signs of abuse. Maybe the stress of being on the run got to her. Guys, Lucy ID'd the burner phone. When the fence was there, she was talking to Chris Posey. We're old friends from back in high school. You know, I think she just wanted me to know that she was okay after the shooting. Then why did she tell you she'd be at your place by lunch? No, she didn't say that. I mean, at least not to me. Maybe she was talking to someone else. She only made one call. No, I just... I don't know how I can help you. You can start by telling me the truth. About what? Ms. Posey, nobody's seen that little girl in over a year. After everything I've seen and heard, it's my belief that Sue Carlton abducted her own child. And for reasons I'm failing to understand, you are wasting my time. Sue wouldn't hurt Jasmine. And what makes you say that? Because this has all been about trying to protect her. I don't know how Mike found us, but Jasmine's sure she saw him outside her school. I got so scared, I yelled at her. I just... I can't put her in that position again. Maybe you should go home, Sue. No, they'll take her from me. You have to keep her. No way! Yes. Mike and my father are going to be looking for a single mother and daughter. They won't be looking for us separately. You can say she's your niece or your goddaughter-- I don't care. I mean, what if she slips up, tells someone the truth? We have to keep her safe, Chris. You have to help me keep her safe. From what, Sue? You're acting crazy. You stole your kid. You disappear for a year, and then you call me out of the blue in the middle of the night, ask me to come to some truck stop-- I mean, what...? JASMINE: Mommy? Yeah, I'm right here, honey. What's going on? Are you high? No! I'm clean. I've been clean for a year. I just... He was hurting her, Chris. I love her so much. I can't let him do that. Wh What are you talking about? I'm sleepy. I know, honey. We're going to get you to bed real soon, okay? Chris, if you don't help us, I don't know what I'll do. So I kept Jasmine. Sue visited once or twice a month. If Jasmine got sick or had some expense for school, she'd bring me money. It's been like that for a year. It's also called "aiding and abetting." Now what reasons do you have for believing that her child was being abused? Look, in high school, Sue was... screwed up. She stayed that way until she met Mike; he help her turn things around. At least until Jasmine was born, and then she... went off the deep end again. I mean, if Mike was molesting her daughter, I just... I guess I thought that sort of explained why. What time did she pick up Jasmine? Um, about four hours ago. I mean, she just put Jasmine in the car and left like the devil himself was chasing her. Maybe he was. Well, if she wants a fast route, she's going to take the thruway. And if she's avoiding cops, she could be anywhere. Well, let's make sure every law enforcement agency in a 500-mile radius gets an updated picture of Jasmine. And border patrol. I already thought of that. You know, Viv, if her ex-husband was really molesting Jasmine, why wouldn't she just bring it up in the custody hearing? Well, maybe she didn't want to put her daughter through that. Or maybe it's a big, fat lie. Johnson. Yeah. Well, was he alone? All right, I need for you to post a police officer at his door, and to call social services. Uh-huh. Right, thanks. What do we got? Mike Neely's in the hospital. He had a car accident. Jasmine's with him. No sign of the mother. My chest hurts. Oh, I know, mamita, but they took an X And they did some other tests? Yeah. Okay. So that means that the doctor is making sure that you're okay. But listen, if anything starts to hurt really bad, you have to talk to him. Can you do that? Is my daddy going to be okay? Um, he's with the doctors right now, and... and they're trying to fix some stuff. Daddy's going to sleep for a while. And you see the nice lady over there? She's going to be taking care of you, okay? You can talk to her about anything you want. Anything. Sweetheart, um, did Ms. Delgado tell you that we've been looking for you? Yes, sir. And your mom? I don't know where she is. But you did. You were with her, yeah? Until Daddy came. I know you're upset. I have a test tomorrow in Social Studies. I'm sorry. I studied. I know you did. And I bet you would've aced it. We're going to get you back in school right away. It'll just be a different school. Why? Because we just... we have to move again. I don't want to. I know. You shouldn't have to go through this. Mommy wishes you didn't. Hey, do you want to watch a movie? I think they're showing The Princess Diaries on pay-per-view. I know you love it. Hey, you know what? I could get us some sodas from the vending machine. Sure. Okay. Here, you set up the movie, and I'll be right back. : Mom! You have to come with me. Mom! I'm sorry, honey, but you need to be quiet. I didn't see Mom again. And Dad was driving too fast, and I was upset, and then he looked at me. And then this car in front of us stopped. Okay, okay. Um... this hotel where you were staying, was there anything, uh... different, anything special about it? Well, there was a bear on the sign, standing up. And there was lots of cars in the parking lot with boats. I don't really remember anything else. No, no, no. That's great. That's plenty. Thank you. Is my mommy gonna be okay? You know what we did? We called your grandpa so he can keep you company, and I think he's here. Yeah. Look. He's over there. Grandpa Byron! Hi, sweetheart. What did you do to yourself? I missed you so much. You're okay. DANNY: So you think she was right to kidnap her daughter? No. All I'm saying is that if her ex-husband was molesting her daughter, I understand why she felt like she didn't have a choice. Well, the sad thing is, if she was being abused, she's gonna need help, you know, therapy. Mom's on the run, that's not gonna happen. True, but, uh... I don't know. I imagine a mother's instinct is to protect her child, and maybe her fight-or-flight response kicked in, and she picked... she picked flight. I don't know what size. I just need two new tires. Sue Clayton? FBI. All right, go ahead and put down the tire iron. He slashed my tires. All right, I want to hear all about it, but I need you to put that down now. It's clear. I have to find Jasmine. We found her. Is she okay? She's fine. Take me to her. Please take me to Jasmine. I can't let them take her back to him. Listen, you don't need to worry. Your ex-husband can't hurt anybody right now. Mike? Yeah, Mike. We won't let him hurt your daughter, okay? No, not him-- he loves Jasmine. Well, then who are you talking about? My father. : I think I better call Jack. You good? Mm-hmm. After my mom died... he told me he missed her so much, and only I could make him feel better. Sue? Was your father molesting Jasmine? No. I'd never leave them alone together. But after the judge said I couldn't be there anymore, I got afraid. I couldn't let him do that to her. Did you tell anybody about this? I made myself tell Mike. But he thought I was lying just to get Jasmine back. I was gonna go to the police, but... Hey, Susie. What do you want? Mike told me what you said. Fortunately, he's too smart to believe you. Yeah, well, someone will believe me. Well, I doubt that. Honey, wait, wait, don't you... you remember when I found you on the floor of the bathroom when you were 16 and I had to pump all of those pills out of your stomach? Well, I thought that the court should know exactly how unstable you are. What did you do? Listen, honey, I-I-I just I told the judge so he'll know what he's really dealing with. You will never win an appeal, and you'd be lucky to see her even with supervision. I love Jasmine. You... you left me no choice. And if you try to tell even one more person... I will kill you. Mm-hmm. I didn't know what to do. I even went back to him, and I tried to... I'd hoped he'd want me instead of Jasmine. Please don't give her back to him. Hey. Sweetie. How are you? Hey, listen, would you mind hanging out with Katie while I talk to your grandfather about some stuff? Agent Malone, I think she needs me right now. I'd rather now leave her, you know? If we can just... I'm sure you wouldn't. But, uh, I think she's had enough excitement for one day. Don't you? All right. Okay, sweetheart. You wait right over here for Grandpa. Be right back, okay? We found Sue. Is she okay? Well, that depends on your definition of "okay." If you think that molesting your daughter since she was a child is acceptable behavior, then I guess the answer is yes. Whoa. I don't know what my daughter told you, but if you think I'm gonna stand here and submit to slander... Offensive is the best defense, and usually the refuge of a guilty man. My daughter is a very troubled woman. Yeah, I'm not surprised after all the stuff that you've done to her. Now, she's gonna tell the police everything, you pervert. And I am gonna go door to door in your neighborhood and find someone who will testify to that. You do that, it'll be slander, and I will sue you. It's only slander if it's a lie, and I will find someone to prove that it's not. Now, you listen to me. You go ahead and you give it your best shot. I work for the government. You can't sue me for doing my job, and I will do it. I suggest you find yourself a good lawyer. I can refer you to a couple. Hey. It's late. Yeah, I was... waiting for you to get back, actually. Is everything okay? Yeah, everything's good. I'm pregnant. Really? Yup. You're pregnant? Not, uh, very far along... at about 13 weeks, but I thought that... you should know. Not because I want you to treat me any differently. I mean I'm still here 100% doing my job. Nothing's gonna change. Spoken like someone who hasn't had a kid yet. Well, I just thought you should know. I didn't, uh... I didn't know you were seeing anyone. Okay. Okay. Yeah. No special treatment. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 