Without a Trace: Season 6, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Without a Trace 
 s6e8 - Fight/Flight - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Without a Trace (2002–2009): Season 6, Episode 8 - Fight/Flight - full transcript 
 Detectives investigate the appearance of an ultimate fighter, and Samantha tracks down her baby's father. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Is everything okay? I'm pregnant. I didn't, uh... I didn't know you were seeing anyone. Hey, what can I get you? Uh, actually, another bartender. Um, I think his name is Brian. I came here the other night with a group of friends and, um, um, we forgot to leave him a tip, so I thought... Nice of you to come back. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yeah, well, it was-it was a big bill. Wait, what did he look like? Tall, about six foot, dark-dark hair. Charming. Sounds like Brian Donovan, but he quit last month. Donovan? Uh, do you have any idea where I might be able to find him? No clue. Okay. Um, you know, since, uh, since he's not here to get the tip, I guess, uh, somebody should have it, so... Thanks. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Thanks. (chattering changes to crowd cheering) ANNOUNCER: Hendricks goes down. Hansen come out... Come on, Brett. Don't just lay there! Hendricks back on his feet... He's not done yet. He's taking Hansen... back on his heels. That's more like it! Kick his ass! Hansen's in trouble. Hendricks... Hansen is down! The ref's called the fight! Yeah! Yeah! And the winner... Brett Hendricks! Looks like somebody couldn't keep the fight in the ring. Uh, you mean cage. Our guy's name is Brett Hendricks. He's 24, he's been fighting for two years, and, apparently, he's making quite a name for himself. And nobody saw this happen? No. Janitor came in, saw the blood, called the cops. That's it. And this Hendricks, did he sustain any injuries during the fight? A few cuts, according to his trainer. His name is Don Foster. He's coming in to talk to us in a bit. And what about the opponent? Gary Hansen. He'd make a great suspect, if he wasn't recovering in a hospital bed with a concussion. Blood trail ends. Whatever went down in there looks like the loser might have been loaded into a car. Well, Hendricks's beater is still in the parking lot. Agent Taylor? Yeah. We found these near the exit ramp. DANNY: What is it? The drug is nalbuphine. It's a narcotic pain reliever. This could be used as a sedative. I guess if you're going to take out an extreme fighter, you better be prepared. Were you at the arena last night? No. I try to be supportive, but it's too hard for me to watch my brother fight. He usually calls me after to let me know he's okay. When he didn't, I knew something was wrong. Okay, was he having any problems with other fighters? What kind of problems? I don't know, anything you can think of. An altercation outside the ring maybe? My brother is not some street thug. He's a professional athlete. What he does takes skill and dedication. I don't think his dedication is the reason that he's missing. Look, I admit, Brett has anger issues. So who hasn't? What are his, in particular? Our parents went through a messy divorce when we were kids. Brett didn't deal with it well. Got in a lot of fights. My mom finally put him in a martial arts class to get him an outlet for his anger. It worked. And how has he been dealing with his anger issues lately? Not well. What are you doing? Looking for Mom's ring. What for? What gives you the right to go through my things? Just tell me where it is. Not until you tell me what's going on. Do you think this is a joke?! Okay, talk to me. I don't want to hurt you. I'm in trouble, and I need that ring to get out of it. Okay, it's in my dresser, in the top drawer. I was scared so I left. When I came back he was gone. Have you seen him since? The next day. But I didn't bring up anything that happened. I, uh, was worried he would get angry again. Okay, this, um, trouble he was in, did he happen to mention what it was about? No. Besides the ring, what else is missing from the house? His TV and DVD player and an autographed picture of his idol, some fighter, Royce Gracie. SAMANTHA: Wow. This place is starting to look like EFF headquarters. Have I been living under a rock? Who buys this stuff? Well, according to EFF, two million people ordered the fight last night on pay-per-view. Okay? 40 a pop. Well, they may be making a killing, but Hendricks isn't. His financials are bleak. Did you track down whatever happened to the stuff that he got from his house? Been checking pawn shops and auction sites on the Internet. Nothing yet. Who are they? The other fighters in the arena last night. Any of them fight Hendricks? These top three over here. And he beat every one. Okay, forensics from the arena confirms it was Hendricks's blood at the scene and on the needle. They also pulled his prints, plus two unidentified sets, from the syringe. Maybe his prints got on the syringe in some kind of struggle. Or the drugs are his. You know, I remember how bad I jonesed for the painkillers when I was injured, and I can't imagine what these guys feel like after an EFF fight. If he needed money for drugs, that would explain why he took stuff from his house. MARTIN: Mm-hmm. MAN: Brett's clean. He doesn't use drugs. VIVIAN: But fighters do abuse drugs. Yeah, a lot more than when I was competing. How did the two of you meet? I met Brett at a jujitsu tournament three years ago. He was ferocious. I knew he'd make a great EFF fighter, better than I ever was. Mr. Foster, did Brett have problems with any of these fighters? No. But there was a guy who came to the arena the other day. I'd been training Brett here to psych him up. Drop the elbow! Drop it! He's out. Hey... that's good, that's good. Create separation, then use the space. Just don't wait so long next time. Right. Hey, look around. Tomorrow night all those empty seats are going to be filled with people cheering for you. Let's go. Hey, Brett. What are you doing here? I swung by your gym. They said you were here. I figured we could squeeze in a little fight time. No, no, I can't now. Okay, then when? I don't know. No, we had a deal! I kept my end of the bargain. Hey, is everything all right here? Yeah, everything is fine. Yeah, why don't you mind your own business, Gramps? Who the hell is this idiot? He's nobody. Nobody. Listen... Nobody? I'm going to be the next EFF champ with Brett's help. All right, look, Rob's just trying to break in, okay? I agreed to give him some tips. Listen, I'll call you later. You sure? Yeah. A lot of these kids do a few backyard fights with their friends and they think they can go pro. It takes more than a stupid haircut and a beer buzz. Do you remember anything other than a first name? Nope. Just Rob. That's all Brett mentioned. Okay, Sam, I think I found our amateur fighter. Hendricks visited an EFF chat room three days ago. There's a guy by the name of Rob the Maniac that is bragging here that he can get prescription drugs for injured fighters. Did Hendricks chat with him? Uh, no, he didn't, but he gave out an address, so I'm thinking maybe Hendricks went to see him. All right, let's see if Tech can get his full name. Robert Zambrano, FBI! Open up! Clear. Clear. All right, I've got some pawn tickets with Hendricks's name on them. Well, this guy won't be redeeming them anytime soon. VIVIAN: Zambrano OD'd. Coroner is putting approximate time of death at 10:00 a.m. Was it intentional? We don't know yet. What about Hendricks? Well, we found his gym bag with trace amounts of his blood on it. Also, Zambrano's prints were pulled off of the syringe in the locker room. So what, Zambrano kills Hendricks and then he ODs. It doesn't make any sense. We're not dealing with the stablest of individuals. That's an understatement. Yeah, Brett pawned that stuff to me on Tuesday. I don't usually do pickups, but, uh, Brett and me go way back. Did he tell you what he needed the money for? In my business, I don't ask. Mr. Hoover, I just talked to one of our agents at your shop, and you have an autograph photo of Royce Gracie that actually belongs to Brett. So what? So how come we didn't get a pawn ticket for it? Because Brett gave it to me as a gift. Well, according to his sister, that's one of his prized possessions. He's broke. Why would he give it to you? You'd have to ask him. I'm asking you. Brett is missing, and you have his property. So if I were you, I'd be clearing that up. Look, Brett's a good guy. I don't want to get him in any trouble. You don't have any choice. The day I went to Brett's, he didn't just need money. All right, what's next? Here. Oh... This was taken right before he fought Chad Rowan. Yeah. What a match. You can't pawn this. Gracie's your hero. I don't want money for it. I need a favor. A favor? Come on, Brett. It's important. What? Do you need a kidney or something? Stop. Look, it's serious. I got to go do something tonight, and if anybody comes asking where I was, I need you to tell them that we were together. If you're in some kind of trouble, you know you can tell me. It's best if you don't know. All right, now, will you do it or what? I told him I would, and then I left. And he didn't tell you what he was going to do? No. He did call me the next day, though. He said he had to leave his car in Port Chester the night before. Needed a lift to pick it up. Write down the address of where you left him. Okay. Okay. Sam, you are not going to believe this. What? Tox report just came back on Robert Zambrano. I don't think he killed himself. Why's that? Well, a fatal dose of nalbuphine is six ccs, which is two syringefuls. And you can see right here, he had more than double that amount in his system. Mm-hmm. Maybe he was just trying to get the job done. You see, that's the thing. There's no way he could have administered that amount of drug to himself. to refill the syringe. Could Hendricks have done it? Let's say he stages things to make it look like Zambrano abducted him, then OD'd. Well, that's a pretty elaborate plan. Well, could be that whatever he's trying to get away from was worth the effort. Okay, this is from a Port Chester gas station two blocks from where Hendricks left his car on Tuesday night. Go ahead. Do me a favor. Back it up. There. All right, now we couldn't ID this guy, but his height and weight match Hendricks. Yeah, but why drive all the way to Port Chester just to jack a car? Don't know, but we got an APB out on the car and the owner is coming in. Okay. Hi, Keira. Hi. I'm Agent Fitzgerald. Thanks for coming in. So, I need to talk to you about what happened to your car the other night. Am I in some kind of trouble? Well, the gas station attendant said that you took off before the cops showed up, and I was just curious why you didn't stick around to file a police report. Um... I was drinking. I... I already have a DUI on my record, and-and I just didn't want to get caught. Yeah, I saw that in here. I'm sorry. I really am. Do you, uh... do you recognize this guy? Sure I do. That's Brett. What's he have to do with this? Well, we'd like to ask him, but he was reported missing. What? Since when? Since yesterday. So how do you know Brett? My modeling agency got me this job as a cage girl. Cage girl, what is that? Is that like a ring girl? Yeah. Um, I talked to Brett sometimes before the fights. We're friends. So you have any idea why he might have stolen your car? No. No, I... Brett, that's crazy. So when was the last time you saw him? I saw him at the arena last night, but we didn't talk. Um, time before that was about a week ago. Hey, Brett. Keira, hey, what are you doing here? I just have to fill out some paperwork. Oh. Oh, if I'd known I was going to see you, I would have brought that Steve McQueen movie I was telling you about. Hey, you know what, maybe next time. I'm just out catching a breath. I should, uh, I should get back inside. Um... Brett? Is everything all right? Yeah. I-I'm fine. I forgot. You're one of those guys that have to keep it all bottled up inside, right? Well, if you want to talk... I'm here, okay? Keira, wait. I guess... I was just trying to figure out why I do all this. You know, why I fight. I never met a guy who bothered to ask. Why? I got this letter from this guy I knew. This guy used to beat the crap out of me as a kid. I mean, he tortured me every day. What's he want? Well, he says he wants to talk. What are you going to do? I don't know. I don't know, I mean... what if the reason why I do this is because of him in the first place? You know, like, I enjoy beating those guys bloody so I don't feel like that scared little kid anymore. Brett, it's been a long time since you were a scared little kid. It doesn't matter. When I read that letter, it just took me back. I don't know if Brett ever saw him. Did he tell you anything else about this guy? No. Okay. Find anything? Her car's empty. Guy down the street says it's been here at least a day. Spare tire has been moved. Viv, give me a hand here, please. Okay. Okay. All right, got it. Huh. No, Keira Jennings is not at her apartment. Okay, well, I got a call in to ATF to see if they can connect her to any known smuggling rings. The serial numbers show the guns are stolen. It's pretty clear what was so special about that car. Yeah, but why is Hendricks stealing guns for? We know he needs the money. Maybe he was hoping to sell them. Okay, why are they still inside the trunk? He knew Keira was on to him. So he ditched the car and set Zambrano up as his fall guy so he could vanish. We don't even know the guns are hers yet. Hendricks could have put them inside the car after he stole it. Yeah, that's true. We'd have a better chance of finding out if I hadn't have let her go. I've got to go. Okay, bye. I can't believe this. Why would he steal guns? We're not sure. Sarah, I'd like to show you a picture, okay? Who is she? Her name is Keira Jennings. She owns the car that the guns were found in. I don't recognize her. She said that someone contacted your brother. Someone who tormented him as a kid. Does that sound familiar to you? There's something that happened after our parents split up. Brett came to stay with me and my dad for the summer. Hey, where's your suit? I don't really feel like swimming today. Why not? Dad filled the pool just for you. Well, I don't care, okay?! What's with you? Nothing. You've been weird since you came back, like you're trying to avoid everyone. I don't want to talk about it. Ow! What's wrong No. Don't! If nothing's wrong, why can't I see? Oh, my God! What happened? You better not tell anyone. Did Mom's boyfriend do this? No. It... it was a kid at school. Who? Look, it doesn't matter. Are you kidding? I'm fine, okay?! If I snitch, it'll just get worse. I shouldn't have even told you. Put on your suit and a T-shirt and I'll wear one too. We can tell Dad we don't want to get sunburned. It didn't work. My dad knew something was up, and I spilled the truth. It took years for Brett to trust me again. What did your dad do? Brett told him the same thing that he told me-- that it was a one-time thing at school. My dad believed him. He didn't do anything about it. And you thought it was your mother's boyfriend? He lived with him for about seven years. I always thought he was kind of a creep. Do you know where he is now? He moved away after my mother died. The name's Joseph Treadwell. I should've pressed Brett more about what happened, but I just wanted the two of us to get along. If he was getting beaten up all that time, it's no wonder he turned out so angry. Hey. I'll see you later. All right, I was able to track down Jerry Treadwell. And? And he's been dead for three years. And now we're back to square one on who tormented Hendricks, huh? No, not necessarily. Treadwell has a son who's an ex-con. Who's Hasheen Wassi? That's his kid? What? Yeah, he converted to Islam while he was doing a ten-year sentence for armed robbery. He was released eight days ago. Any idea why he tried to get in touch with Hendricks? Uh-huh. 'Cause Hendricks was the guy who called the cops on him when Wassi was bragging about committing the crime. Hmm, revenge is good motive. I would never hurt Brett. It's against my beliefs. You used a PayPal account to buy a ticket to the fight last night. Why? I wanted to talk to him. But I never got the chance. How'd you get that mark on your neck? I saw Brett a few days before; we had a misunderstanding. What, over the fact that you blamed him for you going to prison? No, I don't blame him. Well, here's a quote from your trial. Uh, "Son of a bitch lied "to screw me over. He should rot in jail, not me." That was ten years ago. I'm a different person now. You know, I think you're the first white guy I've ever seen come out of prison wearing one of those. Allah doesn't see color. Clearly. Tell us about this misunderstanding. I went to see Brett because I knew he was on a dangerous path. What are you doing here?! I wrote you three letters, and you didn't respond. I should kill you for what you did to me. The Koran says "to command that which is just and forbid that which is evil." What I did to you all those years was evil, Brett. So what? You come here to apologize?! No. I came to thank you. For what? For being such a good punching bag? For turning me in so I went to prison. What are you talking about? It was the best thing that ever happened to me. To be surrounded by men like me, taking their anger out on the world, I saw how destructive it was. And with Allah's help, I let go of that anger. You need to let go of it, too, Brett. You think I want to be like this? You think I have a choice? You can change. It's not that simple. Why? Let me help you, Brett. You saved my life. Let me return the favor. Brett told me about the trouble he was in. And what, you expect us to believe that he took you on as a spiritual advisor? He knew I understood what he was going through. So what was this trouble? This is Brett's business. Look, he could already be dead, so you better start talking now. He said he'd stolen guns from a man who had been his friend. And who's that? The man who was training him. No sign of Don Foster at home or at the gym. Okay. Well, I looked into him, and when he used to fight, he was sponsored by this guy, Gerard Long. He's suspected of selling stolen arms at gun shows in New York state. So, what, you think Foster's working for him? I think so, because look at this. The blue pins are where Long gets his guns from, right? And the red ones are the cities where Foster has arranged for Brett to fight. Okay. Okay, so Foster goes down for the match, loads up Keira Jennings with illegal firearms, and then she delivers them to Long. Exactly. One second. Delgado. Okay. Okay. Thanks. So TSA just picked up Keira Jennings and Foster trying to leave the country together. Oops. Sorry this room doesn't have quite the same view as the other one did. That's okay. So, you want to tell me what you were doing leaving the country? Uh, I... I've always wanted to go to Rio. Don finally said that he'd take me there. Yeah, why didn't you mention to me before that you were dating Brett's trainer? I don't know. I guess I thought it wasn't important. You thought it wasn't important? What about the fact that Brett stole your car because he knew you were hiding guns in it? I... I don't know what you're talking about. If I were you, I would think twice about lying to a federal officer. Now, you were helping Don run guns, and in exchange, he was helping pay off your $40,000 in debt that you have on your credit cards. I got your bills right here. Now what happened? Did you tell Don who took the car? I don't know what you're talking... Oh, I think you do. Brett was moving along just fine until he met you, and then everything went to crap, and I don't think that was a coincidence. What do you want from me? I want you to tell me what happened. That's what I want right now. Why won't you listen to me? I don't know anything! You are a very popular guy, Don. There's a long line of people that want to talk to you: ATF, NYPD... FBI. I'm just glad we get to talk to you first. I got nothing to say to any of you. What'd you do to Brett Hendricks? I didn't touch him. Hmm. Let me ask you a question. What pissed you off more: the fact that he was screwing with your business or your girlfriend? You're trying to bait me and it's not going to work. : I want to talk to my lawyer. Foster just lawyered up. Got it. Yeah, I don't think it's the truth, either. Okay. What isn't the truth? That you killed Brett. I didn't! I already told you, I don't know where he is. Well, your boyfriend, Don, says that you do. And he claims that you killed Brett and dumped the body, and he's willing to tell us where if we cut him a deal. I would never hurt Brett, I swear. Offer me an alternative then. I can't. All right. I'll go check on Don's plea agreement, see if it's finished. Keep working her; she'll flip. I don't know. She's completely shutting down. She's your suspect. Yeah... Look, she is completely terrified of Foster. We need to make her feel safe so that she knows Foster can't hurt her. Okay. Take her down to the break room, get her a cup of coffee... Mr. Foster? This is Special Agent Gerald with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms. You're being transferred to their offices for further questioning. Put your hands up. What about my lawyer? He's been notified. He's going to meet you there. Let's go. What's happening? I thought they were making a deal. They did. But do we have enough evidence to arrest him on gun charges? So what do you want me to do with him? I don't care. You can handcuff him to a table if you want. What are you talking about? I thought I was being transferred. Buh-bye. What's going to happen to him? Well, with the right jury, at least ten to 15 years. What about me? Like I told you before, it all depends on whether you're honest with me. Keira, you're safe now. He can't hurt you. I didn't want to help Don with the guns anymore, but he threatened to kill me. And how did Brett get involved? I didn't want him to, I swear. Okay, okay. Just tell me what happened. I told Brett about Don and the guns when I saw him at the arena, after he told me about the letter he got. Brett figured out this plan for me to run. He even gave me some money so that I could get a fake ID and start over without Don finding me. So why did he steal the guns? He thought that while Don was looking for the guns, I'd be able to get away. But... I got too scared. But Brett said that he'd get a second chance the night of the fight. You shouldn't be here. I'm sorry. I'm melting down. I... Don's acting all weird. I think he knows I helped steal the guns. Okay. Stay calm. Stay calm. It'll all be over after the fight. Do you have someplace to stay? Yeah. A friend's. Okay. What are you gonna do? I'm gonna tell Don you're done working for him. I'm the only one who knows where his guns are. If he wants it back, he's gotta listen to me. You're gonna talk to him? What if he says no? I'll quiet him down. What is that? It's something I got from that amateur fighter. Look, by the time Don comes to you're gonna be long gone. And what about when he wakes up? You don't have to worry about that. Brett, he'll kill you. Look, I will figure something out. That's not enough. I can't kill him. Why? You said that when you found out he was smuggling guns, you wanted to break his neck. Things are different now. How? They just are. All right, look, you gotta go. I'll give you a call later and let you know everything's okay. Why'd you help me? 'Cause what Don's doing is wrong. You don't deserve to be treated that way. Brett never called. But you did. I wanted to tell you all this the first time we talked, but I was just scared. So how did Don find you? Well, I was worried about Brett so, uh, I went to the gym. Don had this expression on his face when he was telling me what happened. Like he enjoyed it. Hey, it's me! Worried about intruders? I just wanted some privacy. How's Master doing? Oh, he's getting his ass kicked. Oh. Hey, listen, congrats again. Whatever Keira did before the fight must have worked. What are you talking about? I saw her come in here. You think I haven't noticed you hanging out the last few days? It's not what you think. After all I've done for you, you're gonna lie to me? Oh, I'm the liar? I-I-I respected you. I looked up to you until Keira told me about what you made her do. She is not helping you with those guns anymore! You are gonna stay away from her. Hey! You're gonna stay away from the both of us. Okay, so what's this really about? You want me to cut you in You wanna go partners with me on the gym I'm gonna open with the money? Fine. But first, we're gotta shut your little girlfriend's mouth. Don told me that if I didn't keep my mouth shut he'd do the same thing to me. You'd be sitting on a beach with Don right now if we hadn't caught you. I didn't have a choice. He killed Brett. And that other fighter, too. I was afraid I would be next. Where's Brett? He was such a good guy. He just wanted to help me. Keira. Where's Brett? In this building near the arena. I think it's abandoned. You guys check down there. I got him. Why'd you help me? 'Cause what Don's doing is wrong. You don't deserve to be treated that way. MAN: Who's there? Samantha Spade. We-we met at, uh, Pose. That was a while ago. How did you find me? I work for the FBI. That's funny. Um... Hey, listen, uh, right now's not really a good time. How about we grab a drink on Friday? Um... This can't wait. I'm pregnant. What? Mm-hmm. You're the father. How do you know? I mean, um, how, how do you... how can you be sure? Because I'm sure. Okay, okay, well... I mean, I, uh... Huh. Look, here's the thing. I just really need you to sign this piece of paper, and then you can forget all about it. So there you go. What is it? It's a waiver of custody. It says that you basically give away all your rights as the father. You don't have any financial responsibility... Wait, wait. I'm kinda in the mid... It's just, everything you're saying, it's... a lot... I think we should talk about this. We don't, there's no... we don't have anything to talk about. It's just... Is everything all right? Wow. Um... Okay, look, this isn't gonna happen right now. Who is she? Who are you? All right, I have your number. I'll give you a call. Who the hell are you? What's going on? Good luck explaining that. Brian, answer me. BRIAN: Can we just go inside? No, I wanna know how you know her. It's complicated. It's complicated? I don't wanna do this in the hall. Well, you have to tell me right now. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 