Barney Miller: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barney Miller 
 s1e5 - The Courtesans - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barney Miller (1975–1982): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Courtesans - full transcript 
 A prostitute threatens harassment charges against Wojo. Rachel wants her own apartment. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey, Nick, if a guy's been murdered whose name begins with B, do you file it under M for murder, B for Bertoni, or H for homicide? What's the name of the guy that killed him? We don't know that yet. File it under U for Unsolved. Right. You guys want some cake? Yeah. Yeah. Bernice made it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, no. I've got a bad stomach... Ladies, ladies, ladies! Ladies! Look, if you'll all have a little patience, we'll have you all out of here and back in business in no time. I hope so. Now for the formalities. Look, I'm going to read you ladies your rights. Ha. This isn't going to take very long. Hey, pipe down, will you? You have the right to remain silent. If you give up the right to remain silent, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 anything you say can and will be held against you... in a court of law. You have the right... ♪ To speak to... ♪ ♪ Your own Attorney... ♪ ♪ Who may be present With you ♪ ♪ All through The questioning ♪ ♪ Now... ♪ ♪ If you so desire... ♪ Ooh! ♪ And you ain't got The bread for one ♪ ♪ We'll give you one ♪ ♪ No charge ♪♪ Hold it! We've got a lot of work to do, so stop clowning around, huh? You got it? Well, we always had it. It just took us a while to figure out what to do with it. Donna, would you join Detective Yemana? He's the inscrutable devil in the corner there. In-whatable? Who gets me? Uh, you've got your choice... me or Fish. Oh, well, seeing as how it ain't Friday, I'll take you, turkey. Have a seat. Come on, Rose. Let's get some prints of those magic fingers. You must have a hundred sets by now. What are you doing, selling them? This way, madam. Watch your language. Do I have to go with him again? Uh, no. We're desegregated here. He's always picking on me because I'm Puerto Rican, you know. Well, you see, that's because Chano feels that Puerto Rican ladies are very special. Me too. You know, I make more money than they all do. Is that why you came to America? No, I came to be a Rita Moreno, but I found out they already had one. Hey, you. What's your name? Mary, Queen of Scots. Okay, Mary, what's your real name? Linda Fuller. Address? 542 East 68th Street. Hey, you must do pretty good, huh? That's a very rich neighborhood. I'm a very good dancer. Dancer... ha! Oh, nothing fancy. Just your average everyday hoofer. Occupation... Hoofer. H-O-O-K-E-R. I hope you're a good cop, because you're a crummy human being. Well, well, well... Hiya, Barn! Rose of Washington Square and Company. On one of their ever-popular return engagements. If I had known you ladies were going to be here, I would have dressed for the occasion. Excuse me. Are you the manager? I'm Captain Miller. Can I help you? This man has been unnecessarily rude. Is that true, Wojciehowicz? I don't think so. I mean, I didn't say anything to her I wouldn't say to any tramp. Can I have someone else wait on me? Wojo. Just because we're policemen does not mean we can't be gentlemen. And I said policemen, not judge, not jury. Yes, sir. Citizens of this city, including alleged lawbreakers, are entitled not only to our protection, but a certain amount of consideration and a little courtesy. Yes, sir. Do your job as quickly and as efficiently as you can and skip the moral observations. Okay, Barn. What happened to, "Yes, sir"? Sorry. It's just... there's something about prostitution that really irritates me. I mean, a woman who'd sell her body would do anything. Wojo, if people didn't want it, it wouldn't exist. Well, I don't want it. You're not enough. Linda Fuller. I've never heard of this one before. Yeah, I know. She's new. There's more of them sneaking in all the time. There's a big turnover in that business. Rose is always complaining it's tough to get help. Finish her up, and watch it, will you, Wojo? It's just that there's something about this one that really ticks me off, you know? I mean, she's sassy. She's always coming at me with some smart answer. You're taking it so personally. You're not a client. Are you? Are you kidding? Hey, any guy that's got to pay for it, he don't deserve it. Any other source of income? Dividends. Hmm. From the stock market? Once in a while, but mostly doctors. Okay, baby, come on, let's go do our finger exercises. You mean to tell me, Miss del Fuego, that a woman of your obvious charm and background and accent can't find something better to do? They don't cut sugarcane in Central Park, you know. That is not the proper attitude, Miss del Fuego. Right there. I am talking about pride and self-esteem. And what are you so proud about? You don't do no better than what I do. Miss del Fuego, I came from a very small fishing village in Puerto Rico. Me too. I came here, I worked very hard, I learned to speak English. Me too. And today I am proud to serve the public and be known as one of New York's finest. Me too! Oh, Fish, I'm just getting too old for this. Me too. Still own and operate the Village-A-Go-Go... Ha, ha... Supper Club? That's where you've been busting me for the last 20 years. You know, I've paid you guys enough fines to own a third of this joint. Nice having you around. You get one phone call. Thanks. You're very kind. How long have you been hustling out of Village A-Go-Go? I've been a professional dancer for approximately three months. Where are you from? Appleton, Wisconsin. I'll bet they're real proud of you up there. Oh, hi. Linda Fuller. Any messages for me? What are you doing? You're supposed to use that call to make bail. How can I make my bail if I don't get my messages? Any previous convictions? Yes. I once thought cleanliness was next to godliness. What's the name of that theatre over on Third Avenue near the school, where they show all those dirty movies? The Dolly Madison. Yeah, that's the one. I got a call from the D.A.'s office. They're selling tickets to minors. Who wants to check it out? Fish? No, thanks. If I want nostalgia, I'll listen to Caruso records. Harris and Yemana, you check it out. They're showing a picture called A Man and a Woman... That's not a dirty movie. And Another Woman? Quiet! Book them, guys. What are you doing, man? This is February. We already busted them for February. Just take it easy, take it easy. What's going on? They're still operating, Barn. What am I supposed to do, look the other way? What's he doing? Running for mayor? It's a police state! You ladies know the procedures. Let's get at it. Listen, you want us to xerox the last reports? I mean, we can just change the dates or something. If Detective Wojciehowicz took the time to make the bust, you can take the time to book the people. Come on, let's get at it. What about the movie? Yeah, I don't want to see the movie from the middle. Let's put Rose's house in order first. Come on. Okay... Come on. I'm not saying it's not a cute apartment. It's a lovely apartment, but you've never lived by yourself before. But is it okay with you? Well, you'll have to discuss it with your father. Well, if it's okay with you, it'll be okay with Daddy. Well, if it's okay with Daddy, it's okay with me. Hi, Barney. Hi. Did we catch you at a busy time? No, not particularly. Is that what I think it is out there or does everyone have his own private secretary now? Business as usual. What's up? I saw an incredible apartment today, Dad, and Mom wants me to talk to you about it. Can't it wait till tonight? They want a deposit by 6:00. We've already discussed it. I've seen the apartment. It's up to you. I'll wait outside. Sit down. Hi, Nick. Want some coffee, Mrs. Miller? Oh, thank you, Wojo. How sweet of you, but you must never keep a lady waiting. That's no lady. That's a cheap prostitute. She's pretty enough to be very expensive. No lady sleeps with a man for money. What brings you up here, Mrs. Miller? I came to get a check from Barney. Why is moving out so important all of a sudden? It's just that I feel like I don't have any privacy. Your mother and I never interfere with your privacy. Privacy isn't something you interfere with. It's either there or it isn't. What's so important about privacy all of a sudden? Well, it's just that every once in a while I feel like I want to be alone. And shutting the door to your room doesn't work anymore? Dad, I'm not talking about being alone... I'm talking about being alone. You mean you're not talking about privacy, you're talking about privacy. Wisconsin. W-I-S-C... Previous convictions, none. What did you do, memorize my sheet? It's only been a couple of days. I'm flattered. I forget your age. I appreciate that. What year were you born? Early '50s. Can't you be more specific? 1947. I'm from Buffalo. That's good news for Albany. Is that supposed to be funny? That's called a joke. I use it to break the tension. You see, I'm the sort of person, if I don't break the tension, I say filthy words or I cry... or I get nauseous. I told you I was from Buffalo in an effort to make up for the other day, but you don't want to be nice, do you? I just want to be on time. I've got an appointment. Don't you ever feel cheap? Not really. I feel competitive. See? I did it again. Cut it out. Would you rather I threw up on your desk? Hiya, Ma. Ahh... Hey. I didn't like it when I was called into school on account of you, and I don't like this any better now. Hey. Hi. Are you waiting for your daughter? Uh, yes, I am. How old is she? Uh... 17. Ooh, that's young. What did we do to them? Just gave them the best of everything, right? Right. Oh, my daughter's not a... Uh... She's not working. She's a student. Mine's a model. Ha! We watched her like a hawk until she was 21. She's very attractive. She never heard a dirty word. She never saw a naked body. Sex was practically never used in our house. I don't know where she developed her interest. Well, most children do have a normal curiosity. Boy, did she ask the questions. Look at her. Things are bad enough. God knows what would have happened if we'd given her any answers. I don't think you can ignore a growing girl's curiosity or her feelings. I told her, "Your body is your temple. Never give it away." Apparently she took your advice. Okay, girls, time to go downstairs. We love having you around, but we got lots of things to do. Kojak can't do it all. Come on. See you later. Oh, okay, baby. See you around. Stay cool. Well, if I did, I'd be out of business, honey. Until we meet again, Rose. Give my best to Bernice. I wish I could. Don't tell me there isn't something else you could do if you really wanted to. I like my work. You could always go back to doing what you're doing. Why don't you try something else? Like what? Like secretaries. They make good money. Or you could be a receptionist or you could be good at selling. That's what I've been telling you. What happened? Well, we had a good talk. We, uh... I told her we have confidence in her judgment, faith in her character, sympathy for her feelings and desires. So it's all set. It's okay with me... if it's okay with you. It's almost 6:00. Okay. Okay. Okay! Thank you! I've got a report to do. Save some for tomorrow. The city can't afford you after 9:00. You've got a lot of time in too. I know. You're going to get an extra day off this month. I know. Fish? Yeah? How old was your daughter when she first left home? She was almost 30. How old was she when she got married? 27. Listen, why don't you take tomorrow off? Lie around the house. Spend the day with Bernice. I'll see you in the morning. Good night. Good night, Fish! Oh, Barney, if you don't need me, I'm going to cut out, eh? You're in a hurry, aren't you? Yeah, well, I, uh... I picked up a minor for possession. After we checked everything out, we find out that the cigarettes are regular cigarettes, and she is 23, so I'm taking her out to dinner. Well, I wish you a good evening. I wish you get your wish. Are you through yet? Just about. The late tour commander will be on any minute. Hey, Barn? I'd like to get your feelings on a particular subject. Sure. Well, um... How would you feel if, uh, say, your wife, you know, had an affair with another man? You mean while I was still alive? No, no, before you met her. Oh, well, look, I wasn't the first guy Elizabeth went out with. Well, uh, how many would you say she went out with before you two met? I don't think they were keeping records. Well, would you say, two, three...? Maybe. 30, 40? What are you trying to ask me, Wojo? Well, let's say, uh... for instance, Mrs. Miller had a rotten childhood, you know, and with folks that gave her a rough time. She had a tough time in school and, uh... so she left home early, tried to make it on her own, you know, and, uh, so she, uh... Kind of moved to the big city like you do and tried a bunch of jobs, like secretary, receptionist, prostitute. How would you feel about that? Well, I'd... I'd weigh the circumstances and I'd check out the facts. Are you sure you got the facts straight? Yeah, yeah. Secretary, receptionist, prostitution. That's about the size of it. Wojo... Wojo, you're asking me a question I can't answer. I mean, that's something every man has to decide for himself. Yeah, I suppose so. I didn't have too much time to think about it, you know, because I never thought it would ever come up, you know? Yeah, I know. I hope you're satisfied, you clown. What'd I do? I got canned. They threw me out of the club, and it was a damned good job, too. Oh, I mean, I like to dance, but that was in such a good, central location, and they had a very fine clientele at that place. Why are you blaming Detective Wojciehowicz? Why? He knows why. He keeps coming in the place. I mean, he was sneaking around, spying on me, hassling me. Rose doesn't want any more trouble on account of me, so she tossed me out. You could be sued, you know. For what, huh? Restraint of trade, you fink! Easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy. Oh, you see, he just... He gets me so tense, and when I get tense, I use filthy language. Yeah, or else she cries or gets sick. Oh, how would you like to go... All right, all right, all right. Why don't you try a smart answer, huh? That's what you usually do. All right, you want to hear something funny, you dirty son of a b... It's all right, it's all right, it's all right. You've got a problem, Wojo. She's not a bad kid, Barn. I mean, I've been looking at her for a couple of weeks. Now, that could be harassment. She could be right. You could be liable. Well, she's out of that place. Now, that could help, couldn't it? Well, it's a possibility. I mean, it's possible that a rose by any other name could give up being a rose. Linda... Linda! Were you addressing me? Um, I'd better check with the late tour commander. Look, I can't say I'm sorry you got thrown out of that place, you know, but if I caused you any trouble, I apologize. Don't worry about it. I'll get relocated. Well, uh, when you do, I wish you'd let me know where you are. Why? So you can do the same thing all over again? No. I want to look in on you, call you sometime. What for? I told you, I'm interested in what happens to you. So let me know, understand? Is that for the police record? No, it's a personal request. Okay, I'll check in. I don't want you to check in! I want to know where I can get in touch with you. I want to maybe call you sometime. I want to maybe take you out to dinner or something. Are you serious? Yeah. You want to see me? Yeah, I'd like to see you. I mean, uh... Maybe I can help you get straightened out. Then call me sometime and make an appointment like everyone else. 50 bucks, in advance. Well? A rose is a rose is a rose, man. Maybe it'll take a little more time. Ah, the heck with it. People don't change. No, no, no. That's not entirely true either. I must have been stupid thinking I could get interested in a whore. My mother must be spinning in her grave. Take it easy. I'll see you tomorrow. Yeah. Hey, Barney? Lend me 50 bucks till payday, will you? You look terrible. You don't look so good yourself. Yes, I am destroying myself with pleasure, and it's a pleasure. I haven't made up my mind yet. Why not? Didn't you spend the evening with the lady? I told you, I haven't made up my mind yet. Okay. At best, this is a tawdry flick, suffering from inept scripting, cheap-jack production values and lackluster performances. Despite these obvious disadvantages, this film has been doing boffo box office. Where is that report on that porno flick? The D.A.'s office called three times already. Yemana is typing it up now. Finished? Yup. "A Man and a Woman and Another Woman is a filthy movie." Well, it is. That's all? Hey, what happened to all that stuff I was dictating? I thought you were talking on the phone. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 