The Crimson Field: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Crimson Field 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Crimson Field (2014): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 The first wave of casualties are brought to the hospital, including down-to-earth Major Crecy, whose legs have been amputated, and Jackie Byeford, the young private who saved his life, making them the only two survivors from their unit. Crecy's imperious wife Adelinde arrives and is disruptive, demanding her husband be moved to another ward though he wants to stay with Jackie and Kitty breaks the rules by allowing Jackie to say goodbye to the major, who is despairing and suicidal . Joan impresses Rosalie with her feminist attitude though Margaret makes clear her lack of confidence in the volunteers whilst Matron works out that Kitty, anxious for a letter from her lover, has had his child. A further two hundred casualties come in and Joan puts Rosalie in charge of their care though it is Flora who takes over when Rosalie flees, shocked at the sight of a nude man. Kitty eventually gets her letter and it is one of rejection. However she encourages Adelinde Crecy to stand by her husband and not let him give in to despair. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 DISTANT EXPLOSIONS SUDDEN EXPLOSION SHE SCREAMS Up again? This is becoming something of a habit. I'm a light sleeper. Make yourself useful. Matron. Convoy tonight. 200 men but could be more. We need more tents, more beds, more of everything. New directive from HQ. Only ten items per requisition order which has to be 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 counter-signed in triplicate by Colonel Purbright before being sent to the General for approval. So I'll order today and with any luck, it'll all be here by next Easter. Nurse! He's waking up. How delightful. Please say you're looking for me. No. HE SIGHS You do know how to crush a chap's hopes, don't you? Excuse me. You're not allowed in here. I know... How long have you been standing there? Only a moment. Out. Now! Your patient's come round. Name? Or shall I just guess? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Major Crecy. I was sent to find you. If you're going to the ward, you might want to take your apron off. How's the pain? It's not too bad. I'll get you another half grain of morphine. Byeford... ..are you in one piece? Right as ninepence. And the others? I'll talk to you about that in a minute, Sir. We have to keep you as still as possible. Risk of haemorrhage. I understand. We sent a letter to your wife. Did you think I would die? To be honest, yes. You must make sure that she knows that I'm alive, I don't want her to be upset. She'll be able to see for herself. She's coming. Here? We'll speak to her first so she knows what to expect. I've been asked to check you wouldn't prefer to be moved to an officers' ward. Absolutely not. I'll get your shot. So, the others? Just you and me left. Nothing we can do for them now, Sir. Your wife's coming, keep thinking of that. You are turning the engine over every day, aren't you? She'll seize up otherwise. I'm taking the very best care of your motorcycle, Sister Livesey. You can be assured of that. I didn't know she'd be confiscated. Have you any idea when I'll get her back? As I said, I'm doing all I can. I appreciate it, Sergeant. Ready? Um... ..am I snoring? Why d'you ask that? There hasn't been one morning when you've been in your bed. Am I snoring and waking you up? Is Rosalie snoring? No. My brother Barty told me I sound like a donkey when I'm asleep. Are you sure you're not just being nice? I'm many things, Flora. Nice isn't one of them. Then why are you always up so early? I like to get an early start. Make a good impression. Well, can you wake me up too? Then I can make a good impression and I might even be allowed within ten feet of an actual patient. VEHICLE HONKS Oh, here comes the mail. We're bound to get letters today. Barty's at the front and I haven't heard from him in ages. Good morning, Matron Carter. Where's my husband, Major Edward Crecy? Am I too late? Mrs Crecy, your husband is alive... Where is he? Take me to him. Mrs Crecy, there are relatives here to whom I have to give bad news. Please do them the courtesy of waiting. If you'd like to follow me. I don't think so. No, it's all right. Good. His notes say one of the volunteers is feeding him. Yes, Sister. That's your job. Sister, I have over 80 patients on night shift and I did check with Sister Livesey... You will do his feeding. This boy deserves only the best, make sure you give it to him. Manage your time better, Nurse Jesmond. Yes, Sister. Did you always know you were going to do this? Nursing? I knew from when I was this high. I was always putting my toys in beds and taking their temperatures. What about you? What did you want to be? I wasn't really asked. My father doesn't approve of women earning their own money. He says it's vulgar. He likes the sound of his own voice, your pa, doesn't he? He does rather, yes. Well, he's going to have to get used to vulgar women. The world's changing, Rosalie. Everything is possible. You know, when I volunteered, everyone at home was rather sniffy. Why's that, then? Oh, I don't think they thought I'd stick at it. But I really believe I was meant for this. Seems such a waste. What does? The time before this. You know, when one was feeling useless and really rather low... I could have been like you - riding your motorcycle and speaking your mind, so much wasted time. I wish I'd been braver sooner. Well, you're here. Proving them all wrong. And I'll show you how to ride that motorbike. Oh, I'd only look silly. No, you wouldn't. Well, maybe. That would make them all sit up at home. That would make them really sit up! What are you doing in here, Berwick? You have duties. I finished my morning's work, Sister. I said she could observe my dressings round. Be good experience. I thought they could take it in turns. Berwick, we need an inventory of the linen cupboard. Don't forget, Matron needs your probation report on Trevelyan. Already done. I'll let you get on, then. Can we find some time to put together a plan for how the volunteers are going to progress? Kind of them, isn't it, to bring us over? We're supposed to wait! You know what to ask for? Yes. Don't let 'em fob you off, cos I know what they're like in there. Oh, I won't be fobbed off. You get this right, they'll see you've got a head on your shoulders, worth more than just pushing trolleys around and delousing. You're a real pal, Corporal. Three tins of... What can I do for you? Corporal Foley sent me for a long weight, please. I can do you two short ones. No, I'm sorry, Sergeant Soper, but I'm not going to be fobbed off. I need a long one. Two short ones'll do the same job. Goddamn it, Soper! You heard her! Fetch the young lady what she asked for and quick about it or I'll put you on a charge! Oh, Sir! They're right at the back, I'll have to get the stepladder out... Yes, Sir. Right away, Sir. The longest you've got, please, Sergeant. Thank you, Captain. Don't mention it. You might want to take a seat. Do I look less trenchy? Dapper, if I say so myself. I might take up barbering when I'm back in civvies. I think I found my talent. You look very presentable. Well, we just have to wait and see. I'm not sure what to say to her. What about... "My dear, the good news is my dancing days are over. "Never again will I crush your toes"? THEY LAUGH Just say that you're happy she's here. That's all a wife wants to know. And trust me, I know wives. I've got three. True as I'm stood here. It's because I'm irresistible. It's my curse. And Nurse here's going to be my fourth. Promised to run away with me. Oh, I'll be running, I can promise you that. Adelinde? Eddie? SHE GASPS SHE PANTS What have you done to him?! Where's he gone?! It's a lot to take in. Really? Do you think so(?) I received a letter saying my husband was wounded and dangerously ill, near death, that I should come at once, it said nothing about... Could you not have prepared me? I believe you were asked to wait. The surgery was successful. All necrosis, all infection, was removed and barring any haemorrhage, your husband shouldn't need any further operations. I wouldn't have thought there was much more you could take off. You appear to have been very thorough, Captain...with your knife. It's not wilful butchery, Mrs Crecy. It had to be done. Why's he in a men's ward? He should be with those of his own rank. Mrs Crecy, when your husband was brought in, he was insistent that he stayed with the soldier who'd fetched him in. But it isn't good for the men to see an officer so... ..diminished. He must be with his own kind. Mrs Crecy... It is not appropriate. It is quite scandalous. KNOCK ON DOOR Enter. Mrs Crecy's gloves, Matron. Could you show Mrs Crecy to the visitors' accommodation, please? My husband must be moved. If you could expedite that immediately, I would be most grateful. I'll be along to visit. Nothing for Trevelyan? Mrs Crecy, I wonder if your husband and Private Byeford should be separated so suddenly? They spent months together under fire the whole time. He saved your husband's life. There's a bond. He's a hunting man, you know. Every day in the winter... ..all weathers. The outdoors belonged to him. The house was mine. That will be different, now. As regards this soldier, of course, we are grateful but we must take care it does not become an obligation. That there is no...incursion. Incursion? This young man is not my husband's future... ..I am. Who is to help me with my hair, my clothes? I'm afraid you'll have to manage by yourself. Thanks, Sarge. I'm really sorry, they still haven't brought it and I've been here ages. Did you ask for the right thing? Yes, a long weight. HE LAUGHS You don't take me seriously but you'll see, I've got grit! Where, in your shoe?! Oh, God... Is that Sister Livesey's motorcycle? What's it doing here? Confiscated, Sir, by me. Why? Civilian vehicle drinking army petrol, every drop of which has to be accounted for, Sir, through my books. I am waiting to hear from HQ if aforementioned vehicle is to be allowed. I see, some docket that will be conveniently lost among a pile of other dockets in the docket graveyard that is HQ. Do you have a buyer lined up ready? You'd get a good price for that. I'm not sure I take your meaning, Sir. I think you do, Soper. I want that motorcycle returned today. I shall need some official clearance...for my books. I'll make sure you have it. Don't treat me like a fool. I might not have caught you red-handed but I have a pretty fair idea of your lucrative sidelines. Desist with immediate effect. Do I make myself clear? Sir. Eddie, I'm so embarrassed. I made a complete fool of myself. No-one minds. I do. Meant to introduce you to Byeford. You must meet Byeford. Oh, I'm sure there'll be time enough. It's quite pleasant here, isn't it? Very clean. I didn't think you'd be so close to the sea. Well, my dear, the good news is that my dancing days are over. Eddie, how can you joke about such a thing? Please don't joke, I don't like it. All that matters is that you're alive. You'll be coming home. The children will be very proud of their brave papa. And everyone, absolutely everyone, will be... so terribly, terribly kind. Everybody reports that you're competent, polite, that you work very hard. Everyone comments on your reserve. Being unreserved is what put me on probation in the first place. So you're biting your tongue? I'm grateful for the second chance. Well, apart from constantly finding you prowling around at night, your conduct is satisfactory. I'm signing off your probation. Thank you. Was there something else? Miss Trevelyan, you are aware that I have to read all outgoing women's post? I thought it was random. No. All letters. And I have to read each one thoroughly. I see... In training we were taught it was exclusively for censorship purposes and there would be utmost discretion and no need to discuss... But I do think there's a need. All confidences are kept, but... ..am I to understand there's a child? Such a forcible separation must be very difficult. It certainly explains why you don't sleep. I would really rather not talk... No woman is a blank sheet of paper. We all have histories, and I am not about to start clawing yours apart. It's the here and now that concerns me. In your letters, you ask for forgiveness. Call a spade a spade - I don't ask, I beg. What are you going to do if forgiveness doesn't come? It has to! WHISPERS: I don't know. I don't know. Take some time to compose yourself. That's an order. We have a busy night ahead. SHE SOBS Miss Trevelyan. This morning when you came to get me, I was sharp with you. It doesn't matter. My patient died. Well, you could see that. He started bleeding and there was nothing I could do to stop it. So I snapped. I was rude. As I said, it doesn't matter. I'm really sorry about your patient. Can I get past now, please? You know, most people have the good grace to accept an apology when they're owed one. You don't owe me anything, Captain. And you haven't actually apologised. There's a face like thunder. Cheer up, look on your desk. Listen to this... "Mary Pickford has a sunken bathtub with gold taps "shaped like dolphins in her Hollywood mansion." I'm going to be thinking about that all day now. Lovely Mary Pickford and her lovely blonde hair lying in her sunken bathtub like a glorious mermaid. It's not in here. They didn't print it. The Royal College of Surgeons are probably still reading your magnum opus on femoral trauma and talking about how completely wonderful you are. You'll be on the board before you know it. I, however, will be in Hollywood. Bottle of champagne in one hand, bar of scented soap in the other. It was a good article, Tom. You know, I never read anything apart from this and Tarzan, and I read the whole thing without dozing off once. I wish I was Tarzan. In the jungle with Jane. I bet Jane's kinder to a fellow than Miss Trevelyan. She's a tough nut to crack. I only want the blasted woman to give me a smile. Does she smile at you? I've never talked to her. Mrs Crecy... Private Byeford. I was with your husband. How is he? He's being attended to. Bit much for a lady. All of this. Bit too much. I'm told you've been rather brave. Fetching a man in's nothing. Wish I could've fetched 'em all in. A token of appreciation. I don't want money. You can't come any further. You are intruding. I'm only saying goodbye. No. You're not. All turned out well in the end. Full clearance. Thank you very much, Sergeant Soper, I appreciate it. Not at all, Sister. So long as you're happy. Oh, I am. Signed out by the Colonel. Army rules bent for a civilian. Makes me wonder what he's thinking sometimes. Take yourself, Sister. Should've been you he recommended for Matron. Should have been you. But they do say that him and Grace Carter is close, so... It's a topsy-turvy world, Sister. And nothing more topsy-turvy than that cocky sort. Turning up in men's clothes. Neither fish nor flesh, if you ask me. But I didn't. You've probably got about ten minutes before they start thinking you're AWOL. Back in khaki? They need the bed, so I'm off to training camp. Keep an eye on this, few weeks of thrust-twist-withdraw and then up the road. You won't know anyone. Make friends soon enough, Sir. I envy you. No, you don't. You really don't. DOOR OPENS Why wouldn't you let them say goodbye? Why be so cruel? I am not being cruel. Is it because he was kind to you? Was that too much of an incursion? You are a disrespectful and impertinent young woman. Well. It's been an honour, Byeford. Sir. You were a good gaffer. The best. We would have followed you anywhere. Whoever I get next won't be a patch on you. So you take care of yourself. And you. Now, are you sure you don't want to run away with me? It's your last chance. Good luck, Jackie. Can he talk? Who? Your husband. Can he talk to you? Of course he can talk. That's good. George, my boy, he can't talk. He was hit in the head. I don't think he sees me. Doesn't know I'm there. Of course he does. I don't think he's going to make it. I'm sure you're quite wrong. I'm sure everything will be perfectly fine. It will all be as it was before. I'm quite certain of it. Do excuse me. Sister, I don't want you to think I was treading on your toes or undermining you this morning. Of course not. I think it's really important that we prepare the volunteers to take on more responsibility. 200 men we're getting tonight. Or more. There's going to be more. We will cope - we always do. The volunteers that we had at Liverpool, yes, they were green to begin with, but they became valuable. You're not in Liverpool now. All hospitals are essentially the same. No...they are not. The reason this hospital is different from the Liverpool Infirmary... ..is because the men here have come from hell. This is their sanctuary, and they need to feel safe, because...they have not been safe. And what makes them feel safe is calm, professional expertise, not the clumsy enthusiasms of the well-meaning amateur. These three are the first, but they won't be the last. More will come. What are you going to do? Put them all in the laundry, out of sight, out of mind? Get them doing endless inventories of linen? It's just bloody-minded, and meantime, your nurses are fit to drop, and men lie there waiting. Perhaps, Sister, it's you who doesn't feel safe. The passion of youth. It's only natural that you should want to make your mark here. But you are still very new. Don't try to run before you can walk. Thank you for your time. DISTANT EXPLOSION Our first convoy. Any moment now. Are you nervous, Rosalie? Not at all. I can't believe you're only just opening that. I wanted to save it. I would have ripped mine open straight away. If I'd had any. Who's it from? A friend of mine. Miss Tillotson. How do you know her? My friend, Miss Tillotson, is the patroness of a home for fallen girls. I used to do some work with her. I'd love to be a fallen girl. Everything you were always told not to do, swept away by love. So romantic. No, it's not. The girls are to be pitied, not admired. There's always a baby no-one wants. Men are beasts, but women, well, morality resides in us. And are they raised? I beg your pardon? The fallen girls. Are they raised? With some very hard work, a great many are placed in service in suitable houses. Some, of course, are beyond help. What point are you trying to make, Kitty? I'm not making any point. Just asking a question. Miss Trevelyan. What are you doing here, sitting in the dark? Ah! I was hoping you were waiting to pounce on me. No. Crushed again. Do you, um, do you play? No, I don't. I can't think of anything more futile than golf. That is the beauty of it. And it becomes even more futile played at night. A sport for our times. Excuse me, I have to go. You know, I can't help thinking we've got off on the wrong foot. I'm not going to give up, you know. Captain Hesketh-Thorne, what do you want from me? I want you...to smile. Why? Because life is a glorious thing. Because I can get a smile out of Matron. I can get a smile out of Captain Gillan. So this is a red rag to a bull, and I will not give up until I see a smile. And don't call me Captain Hesketh-Thorne. It's so Army. Miles. Call me Miles. BUGLE SOUNDS There we go. Miss Trevelyan? That was almost a conversation. We're making progress. INSIDE: Matron, what would you like me to do? Over here. All clean? Very good. Sorry, nurse. Thank you. Well done, nurse. Stand by. I can hear them coming! HORSES NEIGH Got him? Take the wounded in straight away. Thank you, Sister. Make up more beds on the floor. Marshall, there's a gentleman there. Sister! Stretcher! Keep the pressure on. Come with me now. Surgery, now. You've done this before, haven't you? Of course. Take over, then. Wash, change, pulse and temperature. I'll be back as soon as I can. Berwick, you're in charge. Finally. I can't manage on my own.> SHOUTING Hold this, that's it.> Hello, I'm Volunteer Berwick. I'm going to help you wash. It was the enfilade. I don't know what that is. Machine gun. Men go down like corn before the scythe. Row upon row upon row... I don't want to hear about it. I thought I would die out there. DISTANT EXPLOSIONS Food for the rats. The size of the rats, from feeding on corpses... And when it rains and you can't see where you're treading, and you think you've found some shallow water so you're not up to your waist and you realise you're standing on a dead man's face. I don't want to hear about it! You think, well, chummy here's not going to mind, I'll just carry on. I said, I don't want to hear about it! You have to forget about it because I don't want that. All that filth and ugliness at home. But I am it. I am it. I don't think I will ever be anything else. You are not a soldier any more, Eddie. Then I'm nothing. But what would you know? I mean, what could you possibly know? You shouldn't have come, Adelinde. You really shouldn't have come. INDISTINCT ORDERS SCREAMING Help me, please! Help me! Back to the trucks. I'm coming, I'm coming. GROANING SHE SOBS SHE CRIES HE GROANS I ain't being washed by no slip of a girl! I can do meself. If you were strong enough to go into the bath tent, you'd be in the bath tent but you're not. And I am not a slip of a girl. I am trained and I have done this hundreds of times. Everything all right over there? Yes, thank you, Corporal. Sorry. SHE BREATHES HEAVILY SHE BREATHES HEAVILY SHE CRIES Rosalie? Major Crecy! Mrs Crecy. Mrs Crecy. What is it? Nearly all cleared. Are you comfy and warm enough? I'll help you, but rest now, you'll feel much better after. Where's Miss Berwick? She's ran off. But she's done a fair job. Good work. Told you I had grit. I only said it was a fair job. You get the tea trolley, maybe it'll be a good job. Why did you run away? You did your training, how did you avoid giving blanket baths? I tidied the linen cupboard. Nobody seemed to notice I wasn't there. Why did you say you'd done it before? I didn't want to disappoint you. It's not the end of the world. We'll get this sorted out. I promise. Yes? Yes, you are still alive. Bastard. My pleasure. You can thank me later. You can't make them want to live. Where is his wife? Letter for you, Miss. Oh, thank you. Thank you so much. How is he? You know what he did? I know he was bleeding. He did it deliberately. BIRDSONG But he is alive? I sent away a giant of a man. The children used to climb on his shoulders with their hands in his hair. SHE SOBS And this is what I get back. What did you think it was going to be? Not this! Not a ghost with a head full of horrors. He would rather be dead in the mud with his men than at home with me. But he is coming home with you, you should be in there with him not out here. I can't! SOBBING: I can't do this. I'm not prepared for this. I'm not prepared! Everything is over. Read it. This is from my mother. Can you see what she says? I'm dead to her. She says, "I'll never see my daughter again." There are people who won't get back any part of their sons and their brothers and their husbands. They won't get back anything from the life before. But you have children. You have a home, you have so much more than most. You're wanted, you're needed. Everything is not over. Eddie, you are not nothing. You're my husband... ..and our children's father. I can't remember their faces. You will. And you must promise me never to do anything like that again, ever. Just get better and come home and we will be waiting because you are not nothing. You are everything to us. See you in England, darling. I have to go now. So you be a good boy for your dad, Georgie. You be a good boy. Where are we going? Rosalie, do you trust me? You need to trust me. Of course I do. More than anyone else here. This poor boy didn't make the journey, nothing can hurt him now, but I'm sure if he knew this was going to help his fellows, he wouldn't mind. What do you mean? SHE WHIMPERS Rosalie, this is a man. I need you to look at him, all of him... ..and understand there is no mystery. It's just his body. You talked about being brave, before. You need to be brave now. Just look at him, please. Are you completely depraved?! Stupid. Stupid. Stupid! What on earth's the matter? SHE CRIES Oh, my poor dear. Come with me. For the shock, you poor girl. I'm not surprised you're so upset, I mean, I know Sister Livesey is a friend of yours... No friend of mine. Never mind. You've got a friend here, Miss Berwick. There's always a shoulder here for you. OK. A lock of his hair. The nurse gave it to me, to remember him by. I am so very sorry. Did you get the news you were waiting for? Far from it. Very far. Then do your job. The work saves us, Trevelyan. It saves us. CAR DOOR SHUTS SHE SHOUTS WAVES CRASH You are here to fight for King and country. Ireland spat you out. Get a man sufficiently healed to stand trial for cowardice. I am actually a woman of the world, even if I've never been kissed. I appreciate your discretion. What you do is of no concern to me. You have someone fighting? They tell you not to think about it but I can't stop thinking. I don't know if he's alive. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 