Made in Jersey: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Made in Jersey 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Made in Jersey (2012): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 Martina is a first year lawyer. In the conference room with all the lawyers to assist on a big case, Martina speaks up with an insight to the evidence against their client. She gets noticed and asked to be third chair on another case. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We could be here all day. Yeah. Whoa. Are you okay? - Yeah. - Hey, watch it. Hey, you nearly hit us! Open your eyes, pull your head out of your ass. Hold this. Hey, hey. First of all, language. Second, no earbuds while riding. Third, you're going the wrong way down a one way street... a $200 fine. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And finally, apologize. - I'm not apologizing to you. - Not to me. To him. - Sorry. - Thanks. Ride safe. - How may I help you? - Hey. I would die without you. Thank you. - That one's Jenna's. - Got it. Um, big room in three. What? What's going on? No one knows; better hurry. Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No, n... not now. Is it true? Yeah, Stark mowed down a third-year in Contracts in the garage. The guy's name is Jeffords. Then Stark called a litigation meeting. If Jeffords limps his way to a corner office, I'll kill him. Jeffords had it coming. I'm joking, he's fine. He survived my morning commute without a scratch. Let's get started. The D.A. might have inroads in the Catherine Moore case. They say they may have discovered the weapon she used to bludgeon her roommate. It's a pair of pliers found stashed in the closet of the victim's hotel room. They're covered in our client's DNA as well as prints from her and the victim. We're gonna pull a couple of you off current cases to bang this one out. Harris and Cotelli will assign teams. I need ideas in an hour. That's not a murder weapon. Excuse me? It's not a murder weapon. Oh, this should be good. Ms. Moore will tell you the same thing. (puzzled murmuring) Um, imagine if Janet's pantsuit were skintight jeans. She'd have to lie down on the bed and work 'em over her thighs. She might be able to get 'em over her hips, but to pull up the zipper, Janet's gonna have to pop off the bed, suck in her gut and use the pliers. (laughter) Or ask her roommate to pull up the zipper, which would explain her prints on the pliers. It's all about leverage and torque, but pliers tossed into a closet it's no murder weapon. It's just a fashion accessory. Also, there's no growth in the nail bed and her shellac still has first-day sheen. If Ms. Moore used a pair of pliers in a messy murder, she would have chipped a nail. My sister's a manicurist. Good for her. I'm sorry, who are you? Martina Garretti, first-year. Wait, wait, it's Marty. Hi, sweetie. We're going to your nephew's play. He's the narrator. I got him to wear a tie. We could come into the city and meet you for lunch afterwards. Please don't come in, Mom. That is not why I'm calling. - Albert, let's go. - What's the matter? I think I messed up at work today. You're not getting your room back. Hey, I thought you had a job interview this morning. No, I'll wait. If you get fired today, we can go in together, like a brother-sister work team. Shut up, Albert. What happened? We had a big meeting today, and I spoke up and I should have just kept quiet. No, Marty, you should speak your mind. Yeah, I've been here all of four weeks, and, trust me, it's a lot different from the Trenton D.A.'s office. Oh, no. Okay, deep breaths, take it easy. Luke Aaronson wants to see me. Who's he? He sounds like a tool. A senior attorney here this could be bad. No, no, he probably just this that you're gorgeous and smart. Is he short? Short men love you, Martina. Ma, I got to go, I'll call you later. I don't know if I'm with you on this one, Bill. That's all right. Okay. No, but let me get back to you. Bye. Donovan Stark is so grateful for your contribution to the Moore case that he's anointed you third chair on another murder case. Now, you'll get a lot of blowback from the other rookies, but don't worry, I'll take care of them. The Ellie Fordham case. Second-degree manslaughter for allegedly killing her professor. Prosecution says the two were having an inappropriate relationship, and here's where you come in no murder weapon found in this case, either, so sex is the crux of their case. Sure, 'cause sex is always fatal. Prosecution's claiming it was a crime of passion, but there's no proof that the two were even a thing and no eyewitnesses. But there's signs of a struggle. The professor had Ellie's DNA underneath his fingernails. She says that he was drunk when she showed up and he reached out for her. Professor Robinson's housekeeper - found him on the floor the next morning. - Yeah, cause of death was blunt-force trauma to the head, and Ellie Fordham's prints were lifted off the doorknob with slight traces of blood. Let's go see Natalie. Oh, none of my professors looked like that. We'll focus on forcing the D.A. to produce a murder weapon or an eyewitness. - She's up to speed. - Good. Remember, the burden of proof is on them, not us. Since Ellie's out on bail, can I talk to her? I don't want to meet her for the first time at trial. I mean, this isn't night court, right? Is that how night court works? My assistant has Ellie's class schedule. But don't rattle her. Try to make her feel comfortable. And tell her to fix her hair and wear a cardigan to court. It might class her up. Thanks for this opportunity. I'm really psyched to be on the team. Oh, you owe your good fortune to a Cambodian child. Our third chair bolted when his adoption came through. He and his partner are getting a baby, and we got you. A win all around. Ellie, I'm Martina Garretti with Stark & Rowan. Do you work for my lawyers? I guess you could say that, yeah. It looks bad that you went to Professor Robinson's apartment at night. He told me to. The form to make him my new advisor was due the next day. Unfortunately, that conversation was a face-to-face with no witnesses, so we got no way to prove it, and when you texted him to confirm the meeting, he told you not to come. It looks like you ran a red light. My phone ran out of juice, and I never got his text. Besides, it was 8:00. It wasn't like I was banging on his door at 2:00 a.m. like a stalker. You believe me, don't you? Is there someplace we can talk? No pizza boxes or dirty laundry? My scholarship came with housing. I live here with my mom and my sister. Ellie, honey, - do we have company? - It's okay, Mom. This is Martina. Mom. Mom, I completely forgot about my costume for rehearsal. - Did you finish it? - I still have to hem the sleeves. Mom. She has encephalopathy. It's incurable. If I go to prison, I don't want Jessie going to foster care. I'm so sorry, Ellie. Where's your dad? Who knows? Let's talk about your relationship with Professor Robinson. Oh, God, again? It was totally aboveboard. Until he tried to manhandle you. He was drunk. I had never seen him like that before. Okay. Ellie, I'm the first person in my family to go to college. Congratulations. If a super hot professor like Michael Robinson took an interest in me, I might have slept with him. I didn't. But you mean if he were fat and ugly, I would have a better chance of getting acquitted. The D.A. will say Professor Robinson punted on signing the forms to become your advisor 'cause he was trying to end your affair, but you wouldn't let up. He told you not to come to his place, you went anyway, and when he told you he wanted out, you hit him in the head. With what, a biology book? They'll say things got out of hand. They'll say you hit him, that he dropped, and then you tried to revive him. Then you got blood on your hands, panicked and left. No, I went there for school. He never signed the form. Ellie, I don't know what the other attorneys have said, but I'm being straight with you. It's not just me. I have three lives to take care of: mine, my mother's and my sister's. And I'm gonna fight for all of them. Synced and corrected by chamallow www.addic7ed.com Oh, the bagel cart is here. Is that why you came in on a Saturday, free breakfast? Not everybody bills $400 an hour. Oh, by the way, can we do Ellie Fordham pro bono? Let's see. It says she paid for 20 hours up front and then put the firm on retainer. No way, she's on scholarship. Her brother was killed in combat in Afghanistan. She's using the military life insurance money - to pay for the defense. - What? She never even mentioned it to me. Chick's a rock. The chick might be guilty. "Luminol reaction to DNA on the surface "of the apartment's interior doorknob. "KM reagent kit is presumptively positive for blood." Luminol's the stuff that glows in the dark, right? It glows where there was blood. Does it say whose blood? No, but the victim had a small cut on his head, so it's probably his. They dig up King Tut and get DNA. We should have more on a blood sample that's 24 hours old. What's that white stuff on his sleeve? Probably leaned against a chalkboard. God, boilermakers sounded like such a good idea at 3:00 a.m. The M.E. found more than 20 ounces of beer in his stomach, a few grams of butter, one half ounce of sweet breads, some pine nuts and... Oh, okay, hurling. - Thank you. - Where'd he eat all that? Uh, the NYPD has Professor Robinson stopping at Lou's Bar. I can't get thrown into a case like this. I got to retrace his steps. Can you retrace them by yourself? Martina, I can't even smell the inside of a bar right now. I hate when you make that happy face. MARTINA: Was Michael Robinson alone? Yeah. He sat down there, had a few pints, then he left. Was he upset? Any girl troubles? I don't think so. Can I set you up with a round on the house? Bitters. - Been there. You? - I'm good. Thanks. Not for nothing, but I was a rock star waitress. Oh. Two years at Domenico's in Port Reading. Four summers at the Wind Drift Cafe in LBI. Oh. Excuse me. You can order starters from him. We're, uh, working on that case of that professor, Michael Robinson. The saddest. He was nice and so cute. - Were you working the night he was killed? - Yeah. Did he, uh, mention a girlfriend? Did he meet anyone? No, no, he wasn't in here the night he was killed. - He was here the night before. - He was killed on a Wednesday. The bartender said that he was here. No, Michael... the professor was here on a Tuesday. Connor didn't work. I know, because it was my first day back from my vacation. He was confused. He was fried. He'd been covering for me. He probably just forgot. I got engaged that weekend. - Oh, congratulations. Let me see. - Thanks. And you're sure Professor Robinson wasn't here on Wednesday? - Yeah, I'm sure. - What was he like when you waited on him on Tuesday? Normal, friendly. He noticed my ring. He was, like, the first customer to notice it. Hmm. I'll be right back. Robinson was the first guy to see her as a bride-to-be. That's an ironclad time stamp. We just blew up the prosecution's timeline, - didn't we? - Maybe. If he wasn't here the night of the murder, we need to find out where he was. Hey, give it back! Martina's here! After the initial time share, you pay an annual maintenance fee. That's literally where you start making money on your vacation investment. No problem. Just don't go during hurricane season. Charlie's with his dad tonight, so I'm going out. You want to come? - I can't. Work. - On a Sunday? Ah, baby big shot coming in from the city, late and empty-handed, as usual. Good to see you, too, Deb. Hi, Dad. - Hey, kiddo. - Aunt Marty, I'm so glad you're here. Can she legally stop me from getting a tattoo? - Like, what are my rights here? - You have no rights. Hey, I got you a new fire extinguisher you can take back to the apartment, okay? - My very own? - Dad, wash up. Dinner's almost ready. No tattoos, no discussion. No getting Martina on your side, all right? Hey, take it easy on Kate, all right? She can always get a tattoo lasered off later. Bonnie, stay out of it. All right. What happened? They put me on a case already. Third chair. You were so worried, huh? Let's eat. Oh, man! Oh! Happy Sunday. Can you believe that? Two picks already. Oh, don't worry about Eli. He'll wake up in the fourth quarter. You know, when they first hired me, they told me it might be two or three years before River Brody was the investigator on one of my cases. Martina Garretti. Nice job 86'ing NYPD legwork. Thanks. Now we just need to build a new timeline and find a new murder suspect. Did you find anything in Robinson's phone dump? The day he was murdered, he got seven calls. - I thought they all checked out. - Sort of. One of them was from another professor. He told the cops he was home grading papers the night of the murder, but no one can verify it, and the guy lives alone. You can't punish the guy for living alone. Please tell me you have more. Never open your show with the headliner. Couple of days before Robinson was murdered, he got a call from Karenna Druss. Who is she? The dean's wife, and the phone call came in at 11:45... p.m. She might be worth a visit 'cause something's telling me she's not coming forward on her own. I don't know what you're talking about. Mrs. Druss, we spoke to neighbors at Professor Robinson's apartment building. They recognized you. What happened was... was a tragedy. We're just trying to piece together Professor Robinson's final hours. I didn't see him that night. Well, how often did you go to his apartment? - I didn't say... - You said you didn't see him that night, so, uh, sounds like there were other nights you did see him. Okay, we're getting into an area - that I really don't feel comfortable... - Area? You were having an affair with a man who turned up dead. I don't know anything. I swear. And I don't want to get pulled into this. I don't want my husband or our children to get hurt. Please. Your husband's feelings don't compare to an innocent woman being convicted of murder. I'm calling my attorney. That just earned her a subpoena. I like that you don't overthink things. Wait. What about those phone calls to Robinson from that other professor the night of the murder? His name is... Treaster. Andrew Treaster. On the night of the murder, Treaster left two voice mails on the phone of a doctor busted for writing illegal scripts. - Ah, could be nothing. - That's why I didn't bring it up. Because I'm not done digging. Mmm. Hey, Natalie! Riv said you think the victim had the losing hand in a love triangle. It's a working theory for now. Well, Donovan likes his theories laced with facts. This isn't my first murder case. - I did major crimes in Trenton. - Trenton. Is that where you learned about tight jeans? That's where I learned to leverage an offer from the district attorney into a job at Stark & Rowan. Well, you made it over the wall. You can probably afford something with all of its rhinestones. Sentimental value. - I got it down the shore. - Oh, that's sweet. I bet you're amazing with a jury. They must totally relate to you. Uh... I don't think that cardigan's going to be enough. Not nearly enough. Fix it. A law degree, and I still end up in the bathroom doing makeovers. Is my hair really that bad? It'll be fine. I come from a long line of self-taught beauticians. I violated the cardinal rule. Never change your hair color while depressed or after doing tequila shots. We also intend to call to the stand the principal of the school where Jessie Fordham, the defendant's sister, attends. The principal will testify that assault charges were filed against the defendant for throwing a 17-year-old student - into a bank of lockers. - Oh, those charges were dropped. - She was being bullied. - Shh. The defendant is a volatile woman, damaged by an abusive father. The victim tried to break up with her, unaware that she was a powder keg. She settled it the only way she knows how. She killed him. I've seen Ellie's temper before. She freaked out once in the office. Why isn't Luke picking up? Ellie said she forgot to mention the school incident to us, and I believe her. Besides, the charges were dropped, so we'll ob... The student got a head injury, they'll argue it was Ellie's M.O. You speak fluent townie. Find out what else she forgot to mention to us. Luke hates surprises. Where have you been? I was calling you? Prosecution can prove a relationship between Ellie and Professor Robinson. - How? - Two witnesses saw her crying to him the day before the murder. She said she'd never leave, and she didn't know what she'd do without him. So much for no more surprises. It's true. I said all that stuff. I was relieved he had offered to tutor me. The midterm was coming up, and if I failed, I would have to leave for the semester. Someone misinterpreted what I said, - and there goes my defense? - No. Karenna Druss you know her? Yeah, of her. She's the dean's wife. She was involved with Professor Robinson. Wait. Do you think that she killed him? Look, I got to get back to the office. We're questioning - Karenna Druss. - Wow. She's terrified. It's all good. Karenna, remember, this is a pretrial interview, not a deposition. Ms. Garretti will only ask questions that might help with their investigation. You're not a suspect. Where were you the night of the murder? She was on a dais at a fund-raiser for children's literacy. You couldn't buy a better alibi. Not trying to. Was Professor Robinson romantically involved with Ellie Fordham? - Not that I know of. - Are you a jealous woman? - This is ridiculous. We agreed that... - It's... Look, I couldn't blame him for getting involved with someone else. I mean, I'm married. Had you and Professor Robinson planned a future together? No. It was getting complicated since it looked like he was going to get tenure. He'd be at the university permanently once the ethics thing was resolved. - What ethics thing? - Another professor had complained to my husband about Michael. Was the ethics complaint about fraternizing with students? No. It was an accusation by a colleague of Michael's Andrew Treaster. He claimed that Michael stole some of his work. But he didn't. - Hey, Ellie. - Hey, Martina. What did the dean's wife say? Did she do it? No, but, uh, tell me about Andrew Treaster. Treaster. He's a jerk, and his class is, like, impossible. Well, teaching a hard class doesn't make you a jerk. He plays favorites. He takes all of his pet students to this French bistro. Why? Did he have anything to do with it? Maybe. He might have had motive. I'll call you later. Professor Treaster, did Michael Robinson - do a lot of tutoring? - Michael was very popular with the students. So Ellie's desire to make him her advisor and not you that wasn't a big deal? Oh, God, no. He... he was a good teacher. What made him such a great teacher? I said good. Uh, he spent a lot of time with them. Me I'm selective about the students I invest in 'cause I'm focused on research and publishing. You thought he stole your work. I don't want to speak ill of the dead, but I wouldn't want to be directly linked with his work. I was concerned that an article he wrote relied heavily on results from my lab without citation. You've spoken with Karenna Druss. - Are you close with her? - No. But she's a lot like your client. She met her husband when he was still a professor. My client wasn't involved with Professor Robinson. Ellie is a very nice young woman. But not nice enough to get an invite to the French bistro. Le Chat isn't a bistro. It's, uh, more of a brasserie with an extensive wine list. Hey, I want the voice mails Andrew Treaster left the night of the murder. He didn't seem too upset talking about Robinson's death. Hey, Garretti, you ever take a lunch break? Sorry. I'm sorry. Hi. Riv. So we're moving off the dean's wife? Yeah, on to Treaster. Martina. Luke. So, the student Ellie pushed against a locker at her sister's school got picked up by the anti-gang unit three weeks ago. Good. We can bury that pretty quickly on cross. How's our threesome, uh, so to speak? I think it got flatlined into a dispute between Treaster and the victim, but I need to talk physical evidence with you. Okay. The traces of blood on the doorknob were so minute that the M.E. can't determine who it belonged to. I mean, how can we be sure it's even blood, and not something else? The test results came back positive. They came back presumptively positive. It could be something other than blood. I dined out on corrupted blood evidence in Trenton. Find out what other substances create false positives - with luminol and KM reagent. - Will do. What about Treaster and the victim? There was definitely no love lost between them. I mean, Treaster is an insufferable snob. He went on and on about "Le Chat." Any facts come out of the meeting? I didn't want to talk to Treaster about his alibi until we got the voice mails - he left for that doctor. - When do we get the voice mails? - Riv's on it. They're coming soon. - Good. By the way, it's pronounced "Leu-shat." Of course you've been there. It's overrated. Unless you like trotters and sweetbreads. Sweetbreads? Wait, wait. Sweetbreads. Robinson ate it before he died. Brasserie? It's just a bar without the fun. Treaster wouldn't even consider a place where he couldn't light up. Hey, where can I smoke? Out back. Ooh. Remember the good old days when you could smoke indoors like a normal person? Yeah, I only drank when I smoked. What are you doing? Robinson had the same mark on his sweater. He was here with Treaster the night of the murder, Riv. - It could mean Treaster lied to police about his alibi. - All right. I'll do an evidence sweep out here. Good. Let's find out what he's hiding. Take it down a notch, Bon. They're people, not steaks. I got to get you out of general population. You couldn't have called first? Deb's being a priss, and if she keeps it up, Kate's gonna get tatted up just to spite her. Maybe Kate just needs us to be good role models. I mean, none of us have tattoos. Hey, I've seen you get out of the shower. Where'd you get... I don't want to know. Stop. It's cute. Why don't you like them? A tattoo is way too permanent for a kid her age. No matter where she goes, it'll always remind her of who she was. Not who she can be. Something wrong with who she was? You know what I mean. Bon! All right, I'll go talk to Deb... alone. Uh-huh. Hi. I saw you downstairs, but I didn't want to interrupt the Real Housewives of New Jersey. That's only funny 'cause my sister would love to be a housewife, but she's a single mom who works full time. What's up? I'm gonna recommend to Luke that we plea out with Ellie Fordham. The prosecution's narrative is taking shape. The victim had sway over her. She was desperate and scared... I've got a whole new thing... A whole new thing? We don't have a suspect, or a timeline, or evidence that counters their theory. A jury will convict her. We have to get her the best deal we can. Hey, Rhona. Martina... did you get Ellie's photos? Oh. Now I did. I told her to wear the pencil skirt, the low heels, and that, like, preppy sweater thing. Which hair do you like for a jury? Darker's better, but... Oh, it's not going to matter. Natalie wants Ellie to plea out. Natalie is evil, don't get me wrong, but... she's a good lawyer. Maybe this is the best thing for Ellie? Natalie is judging Ellie by the company she keeps. The day that you interviewed here, everybody was talking about how you had beat Rowan's nephew in court, and how you had an offer from the D.A., and then... - you walk in... - Oh... Hey, I thought you looked good, but you came in looking like... you. And you still got the job. Natalie Minka can't deal with that. Ellie's going to jail that's how Natalie's dealing with it. Okay, you have business cards from Stark & Rowan on the same stock paper as Natalie Minka. You are a fancy lady lawyer. Okay, I put together some faxes from the M.E.'s office, along with some DNA cases I pulled from Westlaw. Cyndi. Thank you. Hey, Riv. Hey. Check your phone. I just sent you the voice mails Treaster left - for that prescription doctor. - Really? Well, that's great. Well, it gets better. We got a positive match for Robinson's print off the Dumpster in the back of that French restaurant. - And it's definitely his print? - Definitely. Thanks a lot, Riv. What, are you kidding? Thank you. You're making me look good. Talk to you tomorrow. KATE: Aunt Marty, I decided not to get a tattoo, but now the tattoo parlor won't give me a refund. That was $95 of my babysitting money. Calm down. Didn't they need parental consent? I forged it. You're so like Aunt Bonnie. - Well, they can't do that. - They can't? Well, maybe they can. Do you have a receipt? Yeah. Thanks, Aunt Marty. You look really pretty, and that's not just 'cause you're getting me my money back. - There you are. - Okay, let's see this. It's a little tight for court. I wish it were more comfortable. Honey, you don't have to sleep in it. - You just got to look good. - Hold on. - I just got these voice mails we subpoenaed. - This looks good. Hey, it's me, Andrew. Uh... - Turn that off. - Turn what off? That. I'm out, so call me on my cell. That's not cool. - Hey, it's me, Andrew... - Stop. Uh, where are you? What just happened? You're too old to hear it. Hey. Hear what? Why do you have a mosquito tone? - A mosquito tone? - Yeah. Like a really high-pitched noise. It's like, um, like nails on a chalkboard, but you have to be under 25 to hear it. How do you know about this? The manager of the drugstore on Central Avenue, he plays it outside so kids won't hang out in the parking lot. - Is that true? - Yeah! Some of my friends, they set it as their text alert so teachers can't tell when they're - texting in class. - Ma, I am taking Kate into the city and buying her her first beer. - Go and get your things. - Yeah, all right. Oh, my goodness, very exciting. Listen, don't worry if your mom calls. I'll cover for you. Headphones. Huh. Oh! (groans) What? Are you serious? What's going on? You just proved that a witness lied about his alibi. Treaster was here. He wasn't home. Who's Treaster? Can I have my beer? Yes. At midnight on your 21st birthday. - Aw... - Come on. I'm taking you home. Ma, I got to be honest, I like it darker. Well, your father likes it blonde. I'm not having that conversation. Okay, would you please talk to her, Jackie? Men are visual. - They're real visual, Deb. - Ma. - Hey, Marty. - Hey. Here you go. Ah, thank God. Where was it? It was up in the bedroom where you were trying on your jacket. I thought I lost it. My I.D., my bar card. She's been under a lot of pressure. She's defending a murderer. Congratulations. No, I'm defending a girl charged with murder. So, you took my only daughter to a bar last night? Kate was helping me with work. She was great. Bar played this mosquito tone to try and keep the skate punks out their alley. - And that helps your case? - Yeah, 'cause the guy said he was home the night of the murder, but now we know - he was in the French place. - So did they arrest him? No, and there's all this evidence against our client. It's a mess. I got to go. How much spray are you using? I don't know. It's, like, ratty. Hey, hey, you're not wearing gloves. I don't want it to get on your hands. You need a trim. Your ends are fried. - She does. - Yeah, I haven't had time. Well, you make the time, baby. You never hear Cher making excuses, and she is a very busy lady. Ma, it's Cher's job to look good. No, no, no, men are on the jury. Yes. Men are visual. So part of Martina's job is to look great up there. Yes. Jack, can I take this? - It's empty. - I know. Thanks. Bye. She's what they call "first chair." Uh-uh, third chair. - The mosquito defense was genius. - You got a minute? It's about the physical evidence at the scene of the crime. Luminol gives false positives, so after investigators got a blood trace on the doorknob, they had to eliminate false positives. Right, with the KM reagent test. No. With the portable KM reagent field kit which reads false positives from things like bleach. Taken two weeks before the murder. - And this. - Ooh. Girls run their fingers through their hair all the time. What if Ellie's hands were coated with spray-on hair lightener and then she touched the doorknob? Here are the ingredients in our hair product that interfere with luminol and the KM reagent kit. Ellie left fingerprint and cheap hair bleach on the doorknob. - Not fingerprint and blood? - Yes. That's why they could never extract an actual DNA sample from the doorknob. There wasn't any. So what links Ellie to the cut on his head? Nothing. You want to call Professor Andrew Treaster to the stand because he's been lying about the night of the murder? Yes, sir. Treaster and the victim had a rivalry. As I was telling Donovan, if we put Treaster on the stand, it will confirm the prosecuti's theory. We'll never let it get that far. You're not in a position to take that kind of risk. He should be a suspect. But he isn't yet; Ellie Fordham is. And the D.A. will object on relevance if you try to get the voice mails admitted. Let's assume they do. What's the worst he could say? That the victim had a proclivity for amoral behavior. - It's why we'll never put Karenna Druss on the stand. - Who's that? The victim's mistress. After that, it will be easier for the D.A. to suggest that he was involved with a student like Ellie Fordham. - Yeah, I agree. - I don't. - I don't agree. - Really? Tell me why. Treaster lied about his alibi. At the very least, he's guilty of obstruction of justice, and we have him on perjury. If we can get him to talk about the night of the murder as it relates to him, we can wander into his alibi. You want to wander with a witness who could be an asset to the prosecution? Step in. Treaster and Robinson met at Le Chat. They went out back so Treaster could smoke. They fought, probably over an ethics violation that threatened Robinson's tenure. Treaster shoved Robinson. Robinson hit his head on the wall, he touched his fingers to his head and pulled himself up on a Dumpster - and left a fingerprint. - How do you know that? Riv pulled Robinson's print off a Dumpster in the back of Le Chat. How does a fingerprint survive for months in an alley? Wasn't it exposed to the elements? It was on a ledge inside the Dumpster. So, Treaster stormed off. He called his dealer from the alley behind Le Chat and left two voice mail messages that we can play in court. Once Professor Treaster's on the stand, he's ours to run. To run where? He could say anything. He could, but once he says anything about the night of the murder, the voice mails are relevant. First she calls into question a DNA test that is used in countless departments. Now she wants to bring someone on the stand who I... I thought women went to salons to get their hair done. Salons are expensive. Highlights can cost $100. My highlights cost $300, but the point is, Ellie was failing out of school. She was at risk of losing her scholarship, her housing. They had just gotten back from winter break. Everybody comes back from vacation with resort hair, and you want to... she wanted to look like she'd been somewhere. Anywhere. So she pretends. She... gives the illusion that her life is as glamorous as theirs. Martina... prep Luke, to make sure this unpredictable witness doesn't wander away from us. For Ellie Fordham's sake, let's hope Treaster touches that third rail. Affidavit. M.E. report. I.D. Martina? I'm leaving for court now. Well, I should hope so. Something interesting happened this morning. I was standing at my closet getting dressed, and I realized that I've acquired an impressive wardrobe. I probably have two dozen custom-made suits. That is very impressive, sir. Martina, when I first got to New York, I rented three-piece suits. Rented them. Luke's not going to question Treaster. But I didn't prep Natalie. You didn't need to. You're questioning him. You mean in court? Yes. Do it your way. Okay. - Hey, you ready? - I'm good. Don't worry, you lower expectations just by walking in a room. This is not a pep talk, is it? Look, Treaster needs to feel safe and superior. Get him to talk about his alibi, and you have him. Just get him to touch the third rail. Come on. Do you swear or affirm that the testimony - you are about to give... - It's go time. ... is the truth, - the whole truth and nothing but the truth? - I do. Good morning, Professor. Ellie Fordham was - a student of yours, correct? - Yes, that's correct. Would you characterize her as a good student? Yes, but I think she wasn't prepared for the rigor of a college-level science program. But she got an "A" in her AP Biology course last year. That was a high school course that required no more than rote memorization. Professor Treaster, how were other students prepared in ways that Ellie Fordham wasn't? Well, they came from rigorous preparatory programs, and they could apply concepts to problem sets. Ellie could not. How do you maintain high standards of a difficult field like biology and still encourage your students to hang in there? I know I could have used a second or third chance in some of my classes in school. Objection, Your Honor. Relevance. Overruled. But Ms. Garretti, we don't need to flip through your college yearbook. Keep it moving. Witness, you may answer. Where is she going with this? Not every student is cut out for biology. And some should take their frustration as a sign that they could study something softer, like humanities. Or law school? And with someone like Ellie, you thought a softer change was needed? I did. - Did you suggest she switch majors? - Yes, I did. And did you recommend that she drop you as an advisor and get Michel Robinson instead? He he time for her. Yes, I did. And when someone of your stature gives that kind of advice to a student, do they usually take your advice? Yes, they do. Did Ellie Fordham ever thank you for your advice? No, uh... but I'm not looking for gratitude. I know, but... did you know she was going to Michael Robinson's apartment - with the change of advisor forms the night of the murder? - No. Is it possible that she stopped by your office to thank you, but you weren't there? Sure, that's possible. You were in the lab that night? Uh, which night are we talking about? The night before the advisor forms were due. - Right. I was grading papers. - At home? Uh, yes, I was at home that night. Your Honor, I'd like to admit into evidence two voice mails Professor Treaster left the night - Michael Robinson was murdered. - Objection! Relevance. Your Honor, the voice mails prove Professor Treaster gave false statements to NYPD. He wasn't at home that night. We ask... He hasn't been charged with anything. - We're trying Ellie Fordham, Your Honor. - We have enough evidence to warrant a reexamination of the charges. JUDGE: You better, Ms. Garretti. Counselors, in my chambers. She did it. Yep. She did. A mosquito tone? This is a waste of the court's time. See, the black robe here allows me to speak on behalf of the court. And guess what. We're hearing civil liberties cases on these things, that it bars kids from public spaces. Go on. This proves Treaster and Robinson were in the alley together that night. - Your Honor, it does no such thing. - It certainly suggests Professor Treaster committed perjury today. The M.E. will testify that Robinson's head wound caused symptoms like a stroke or, as our client described, made him seem drunk. When Robinson reached out for the advisor forms, he scratched Ellie's arm and fell to the floor. - Oh, come on. - That explains her DNA under his fingernails. You've created a scenario to suit your needs. This wasn't a crime of passion. This was two guys disagreeing in an alley. We've got evidence, motive and medical opinion, Your Honor. And, Your Honor, you don't want to get Ms. Garretti talking about corrupted blood samples. We'll be here till Christmas. Yes, I do sense a high level of passion from your colleague. The D.A. has to drop the charges against our client. JUDGE: Mr. Haas? To be honest, I don't like your chances for a conviction here. If Professor Treaster gave false statements to investigators to cover up his connection to the death, we will pursue that. Since you're so concerned about wasting the court's time, you'll appreciate that as far as this trial is concerned, the charges against Ellie Fordham are hereby dismissed. Please don't do a victory dance in my office, counselor. There she is. LUKE: You know what? Why don't you tell her? I'm gonna get back to the office. Nice job today. Thanks. They dropped the charges, Ellie. You're free to go. It's over. Thank you. Martina Frances Garretti... ... you were sensational. Ma... So... you gonna go out and celebrate? - I guess. - You go. You're never gonna get a mink standing at the sink. Ma, I could buy my own, if anyone actually wore mink anymore. Ah, what fun is that? You took advantage of her. She had her mother's signature. And the sign says "no refunds." I'm a lawyer. Did you see her I.D.? I got to write you a check. Wait. Hold still. It's got some bite. I'm tougher than I look. Synced and corrected by chamallow www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 