Outcasts: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Outcasts 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Outcasts (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 As the survivors land on Carpathia,a young girl,Aisling,accuses creepy evangelist Julius Berger of causing her mother's death and tries to kill him.Fleur,Cass and Jack,who was Hoban's second in command,look for survivors in the desert and encounter the outcast Advanced Cultivars -or A.C race - humans who were genetically modified to increase their survival but were actually responsible for spreading the deadly C23 virus,which killed,among others,Tate's children.Hoban was ordered to kill them but let them go,under their leader,Rudi. The A.C.s have Lily and agree to surrender her if the Carpathians will heal Rudi's sick baby but nerves on both sides lead to the hand-over being a disaster as Cass kills one of the A.Cs and the Carpathians retreat to their capital,Forthaven,with the baby. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Captain Kellerman from CT-9 calling Carpathia. We hear you, Captain. Is that a human voice? This is Richard Tate, President of Carpathia, as human as you are. Of course, things aren't perfect down here. I didn't come here expecting perfection. They're out there, Tate. They're still outside the fence. Agh! You ordered their execution. Remember that? We're fatally damaged, Carpathia. I'm releasing our six emergency sub-shuttles. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Is Lily Isen on board? Is she on one of the shuttles? She's my daughter. We're breaking up. The readings are telling us it's a certainty. Kellerman got close enough to save some of the passengers. Julius Berger was also on the transporter. Do you really believe that human beings can live together in peace? Do you really think we can build a better place for our children? GUNSHOT Yes, I do. I killed Mitchell. I'd do it again if I had to. They're going to say that he turned his gun on himself. People are still shocked by what Mitchell did. The most important thing is we brought Linus back safely. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He's such a lovely little boy, Karina. Still muttering away about his tiger poem on the way home. His teacher's looking after him now. He was always her favourite. And he'll never be alone. He'll never, ever be lonely or neglected, I promise you. When I was out there, I sometimes felt as if you were with me. I love you... and I'll always remember you. I was just, er... It's OK. It's important to say goodbye properly. I was there when they, um... She didn't stir. I think she'd already left us, really. Fleur, about Linus, you know, you and Cass probably saved his life. DOORS CLOSE Sir, when we were out there, we were attacked by something. It was quite hard to see, but one thing I do know is they were running upright, on two legs. Bipeds. DOORS OPEN Yeah. We've seen insects and small birds but nothing like that before. I mean, what do you think? Aliens sounds crazy. We ARE the aliens on Carpathia. OK, but whatever, whoever it was out there... "Out there" is the preserve of the Expeditionaries. I'll speak to Jack. We have a missing survival shuttle, Fleur, one thing at a time. Go and get her. 'XP Unit 6 to Forthaven. 'We're bringing down the survivors we've picked up. 'All in pretty good physical shape. 'Thank you, Unit 6, we'll be ready for you. 'We have one shuttle still missing. 'Repeat - one shuttle still missing. Maybe lost.' CROWD MURMUR INDISTINCTLY CROWD CHATTER Lily Isen. I'm looking for my daughter. Did you know her? BABY CRIES SPEECH INAUDIBLE BABY GRIZZLES I don't understand. Who are you? Where's Forthaven? What do you want from me? The baby is ill. If she doesn't get better... you will die. Did you kill Mitchell? No. I don't believe you. You told us where to find him, remember. I never said execute him. That was never part of the deal. That's probably why it never happened. He never killed himself. I dunno, Jack, take it up... I'm taking it up with you. I'll take it a lot further if I find out you had anything to do with it. You get your hands off me. There are kids about, Jack. What's the matter with you? Julius. Richard, I took the liberty of waiting in your office. I hope you don't mind? Not at all. It's so good to see you. Your speech to our ship was very uplifting. I'm sure you prevented mass hysteria. I'm glad to hear that. I have to say, I never quite imagined you in such a role. Such a role? Statesman. You know, I always thought your interests were a bit more abstract. Well, adversity brings out previously unknown qualities, I guess. You're still interested in genetics? Yes, I'm still interested. And your lovely wife, Melissa? She died, along with my children. I'm so sorry. Shortly after arrival, we were hit with a virus called C-23. It killed many of our children. And Earth? Well...things got very bad after the Oslo talks collapsed and then...the Shanghai uprising. But you missed all that, of course. So, the presidential suite, hmm? Just an office. You must kick up a fuss, Richard. What is power without the trappings, hmm? Service, I guess. Speaking of that... I promised to lead the shuttle survivors in thanksgiving prayers. You might wish to join us. I don't remember you being... I had an experience on the transporter. I... saw something. God? I prefer less divisive terms. You find that amusing? No, of course not. Surprising, perhaps. Like my leadership qualities, I suppose. Um, Richard, I'm fully aware that I'm a newcomer and I have a lot to learn about Carpathia. I hope we can help you with that. It's not my intention to step on any toes. I don't have particularly delicate toes. But I do have an ongoing situation with a missing shuttle so I will have to skip the prayer meeting. I hope you don't mind. You found it? Where is it? Have you spoken to them? Automated distress signal a few miles out. Right, I'm going out there. I need you here now. This is my last hope, Richard. A rescue party is going out. And I'm going with them. I don't want to forbid it, but I will. You're forbidding me from searching for my daughter? Let the rescue party do its job. I need you here. So you keep saying. Have you spoken to Julius Berger yet? No. Have you talked any more with Cass and Fleur about the attack on them? I can't think about any of this right now. We have to. If the ACs are out there, we need to know how they survive. What do they want? I know what I'd want. I'd want revenge. BABY CRIES WEAKLY This baby really isn't well. It's breathing strangely. They'll make her better. Who? The people looking for you. The ones we're waiting for. What's going on? He asked us to join the rescue party. But I... He doesn't want you going out to discover Lily isn't there. Or worse. He said it's because he needed me here. Well, that's probably true as well. OK, Lily's 18 years old. She doesn't have my colour hair, or didn't, it's more like Dan's. Well, I guess she might remember her name if we ask her. OK. Go. Be careful. If she is out there, we'll bring her back safely, I promise. Thank you. OK, on the count of three, knuckles lifted and tongues back in mouths. Why are you coming? Stella's daughter might be on the shuttle. And? Give it up, we know you're in charge. We're here for Stella. Stop wasting time and tell us where we're going. It's 12 clicks to the west of the white dunes, near the Closed Zone. 12 clicks? You been watching old Vietnam movies again? Yeah. My favourite's the one when they string up the platoon smartarse from a tree a few clicks from home. Come on. Hello. So it's true that Jack prefers a big bloke in the rear, then? There's a young girl here to see you. One of the survivors. She'd been held back in viral scanning. OK, show her in. You're not Lily. Who's Lily? My daughter. She was on the transporter. She'd be about your age. Maybe you knew her? Sure. Do you know what happened to her? Who? OK. Do you want to take a seat? What's your name? Aisling. Aisling Burrows. What can I do for you, Aisling? My moth... My mother died. She was left on the transporter. I'm so sorry. One of my officers can... She was left... She was left on the transporter because somebody stole her place on the survival shuttle. He took her pass to get into the Evacuation Zone. He? Julius Berger. He's here and my mum's dead and something should be done about it. Is anyone there? Is anyone alive? Somebody's been here. Stripped them, lined them up like this. Jack... They've been placed in order. Look, they've ranked them in size. Oh, no. Cass, check inside. Neck bruising...garrottes. A couple of them have been finished off. Whatever, whoever did this... No, they're all dead. Anybody fitting Lily's description? She never even made it onto the shuttle. Poor Stella. We'll come back with a recovery team. And some answers. Mitchell is dead. Yeah. What the hell is this? Who are they, Jack? Where are the rest of your people, Rudi? Somewhere you can't find them. Why are you doing this? Things must change now that Mitchell is gone. We have a survivor. A girl. Can we see her? If you do as I ask, she'll be returned safely to you. Who are you? Why would you want to hurt her? And why did you hurt us? I don't know who the hell you are. What do you want? We have a baby. She's ill. Mitchell said you couldn't... Surprise. Make her better and we'll give you the girl. Drop your weapons on the ground. I only have to lift my hand and her throat will be cut. You want to risk that? BUZZ OF CONVERSATION Julius? Look. Family reunited. He's waited all these years to be with his daughter and grandson. Stella. Very good to see you again. And you. So, head of Protection and Security. No glass ceilings here, I'm pleased to see! How did you get a space on one of the survival shuttles, Julius? Nothing like coming right to the point. Allegations have been made about the transporter's final minutes. It's my job to investigate. No, of course. The evacuation was controlled by remotely activated passes. I believe families and essential personnel were the priority. And you don't think my lofty position in the Earth Evacuation Programme made me...important enough? Important... just not essential. I took the pass of a friend. You took somebody's pass? She gave it to me. Catherine Burrows. An extraordinary woman. I should have handed that gift of life to somebody else at least. Why did she give it to you? She said my life was worth more than hers and in my terror and desperation I gave in. It doesn't flatter me, but it's the truth. OK. Stella... Any other questions you want to ask? About...? About anything. I'll be in my office, Julius, if there's any other information you wish to share with me. Good. Where's Aisling Burrows? No direction home? You could say that. Did you come off the transporter? Yes. I saw it blow up. Like the biggest firework display ever. Boosh! My mother died in that fireworks display. Oh. Sorry to hear that. I'm not safe. He's too powerful, he's going to... He's going to kill me for this, just like he killed my mother. What do you do here? Oh, you know. Sort of the engine room of the planet. Hang out, get high, play music. What do you do to get high round here? MUSIC PLAYING SOFTLY Little rubies. What do they do? Lots of boring stuff that keep our scientists and doctors interested. But used properly, it's a completely different story. How did you end up here? Child prodigy. Photographic memory, IQ of a trillion, music as well. A phenomenon, they called me. A phenomenon that came all this way just to be a bum? I was from a big family. Only boy. Where did you live when you were on Earth? By the ocean. Just before we left, it was kind of hot even though it was autumn. Indian summer, they called it. And on the news it was about stuff in China and the talks breaking down and the big march for peace in New York... and everyone was scared. But at sunset, we sat out on the dunes and watched the sea swallows over the waves. And the air was just like warm honey. They were so strange... those last nights on Earth. I told you. They're cloned humans, genetic experiments. Meant to give us a survival edge. How come they ended up out here, then? Ask Tate. You tell us. Tate ordered their execution. Mitchell saved them. That's rubbish! Don't bother with him, Fleur. No chance of the truth from this lot. He said they had a girl. Let's just wait until we see her. Yeah, one of us could take her place. Lily? Think it could be her? Lily? Please help me. It's OK. We're friends, don't be scared. Do you know this girl you're holding, her mother's been waiting for 15 years. Let her go. Don't give me orders. How about a few of us wait here with her till this is all sorted out? Three hostages. If anything happens to our baby, all three of you will die. I understand. I want something else as well. I want Richard Tate. HE SIGHS DEEPLY Why wasn't my husband on that transporter? Stella, even if Daniel was on that transporter, he still might not be here. You are. I suppose I deserve that. OK. What happened? Sadly, in those chaotic days before our departure, money and influence spoke louder than brilliance. I was given a promise by the Evacuation Committee my family would be sent on a later transporter if I went onto CT-1. And Daniel was given one place. But he chose to give it to his... sorry, your...daughter instead. He would do that. I'm so sorry for your loss. Nobody's lost yet. Then we should send them distant prayers. So... What of Aisling's allegations? You've heard of the DBV method... No. It's a method that... I'm aware of it. But I'm not going to let you do it to me. Why not? Many reasons. The most important being that it is not for one human to look into the mind of another. I could apply for a compulsory order. And you think Tate would grant that request? Yes, I do, if he thought my reasons were good enough. Hmm. I think your investigation, such as it was, has come to its natural end. There's nothing here except the allegations of a rather disturbed teenage girl. I think I'm going to go now. What are you going to do? I don't know. Probably go back, I guess. You want me to walk you back to Protection and Security? Oh, shit! I need you to go to the comms room, see if there's been contact with Cass and Fleur and report back. Did you just ask Berger to submit to DBV? If I asked you for a compulsory DBV order would you grant it? No. You have to pick your battles. This isn't the one to have, not now. Then he's right - this investigation is over. There was no real investigation. He's here and a lot of people aren't. Look, I understand your sympathy for this young girl. The situation with Lily... A lecture on displacement from the man who never stops working. All right. I will make sure that Aisling's OK, that she's protected from him. In what sense? Do you think he's capable of harming her? I don't know what he's capable of. But I believe Aisling. Something's not right here. We give thanks to the Universal Spirit for bringing us to this place. For allowing us this abundance of beauty and love. You know, life is strange... It won't get you anywhere and I doubt you'll be able to do it. It's not so easy to push a knife into living flesh, especially a nice girl like yourself. My mother... Wouldn't have wanted this. Aisling? What are you doing? It makes me so sad. You know what that means? I can never trust you again. You never trusted me. If you did, you wouldn't have treated me this way. Whatever's gone on, this isn't the way. SHE CRIES Brothers and sisters, I ask you to pray with me. BABY CRIES Are you not coming? I'll wait here, and no tricks. Just Richard Tate. What do you want from him? Conversation. Come on now. I don't have a lot of practice with babies. Then take her to somebody who does or you won't see your friends alive again. Stay alive. Just stay alive. 'They've got Lily and they're now armed with all our weapons. 'He said they'll kill them if you don't save the baby.' But Jack and Cass are still with her? 'Yes, they are.' Keep me informed. Lily's alive. She's alive? She's alive. Now, Stella, there's a problem. I've got a feeling they're itching to hurt us. Yeah, well, I'm going to take a few of them down with me if I need to. Put it away. You got a Plan B? Yeah, I have, as it goes - common sense. Which means waiting, being polite, seeing things through. Are you confident of that working, yeah? I've seen what happens when hostage-takers lose control, Jack. Believe me, it's a scenario we want to avoid. Are you thirsty? What's the matter with you? I told you not to draw their attention. I'm going to ask. I'm thirsty too. Jack, just... Can I have some of that water, please? What's that? You want me to give you my family ring in exchange for some water? What, this ring? Jack! Lily! SHE SCREAMS SHE SOBS Is she hurt? Not hurt, just frightened and confused. Jack and Cass are with her. Lily. I'm going to see my Lily again. What are the doctors saying about the baby? Pneumonia. God! She's a tough little thing, in with a chance. If we keep our word, will they return her? I don't know, Stella. I had to be sure before I could tell you anything. He's waiting for you. I know. Jack's talking all kinds of rubbish about you ordering their execution. No! It's true. I ordered Mitchell to take the ACs out and kill them. He must have disobeyed that order. He wants revenge for you decking him, and Rudi's not here. Right, it's time for the knife. No. Give me your ring. Jack, if we don't humiliate ourselves, they'll beat us to death and Lily will be in real trouble. It's important to me. We'll get it back, I promise, we have to do this. No. I made a promise. I promised Stella I'd get her daughter back safely. My mum gave me this ring before I left. Imagine what she'd say. Imagine what she'd say to you now, what she'd tell you to do. The right thing. Go on. Take it. There you go. Jack! Jack! We call them Advanced Cultivars. Why did we develop them in the first place? Some of the early-pattern ACs came with the advanced military missions to test survivability. We were looking for genetic patterns to help us survive. First exploit them, then try to kill them, and Mitchell becomes the conscience of Carpathia. He'll have had his own reasons. We thought they were responsible for C-23, that all the children would die out. I had just lost my own children. I believed this place was different, better. It is. Fleur... It is. Come with me when I go talk to them. Help me make this better. You came. I didn't think you'd dare. I'd like to tell my people to put their weapons away. Can I do that, so we can talk? The baby's being treated by our best doctors. Then the fate of the three hostages is also in their hands. I understand. What do you want from me, Rudi? To tell you face to face that some day I shall destroy you. Well, that is unnecessary. We can help you... We don't need anybody but ourselves now. And some day we will walk into that place and have our revenge. Nobody deserves your revenge. Least of all that young girl you dragged away from safety. She knows nothing about this place. Are you appealing to my sense of fair play? Your humanity. Oh, so now I'm a human being? He gave the order to take us out and kill us all, men and women alike. We had no choice. Our children were dying from C-23. We faced extinction. Not because of us. At the time, we were sure it was. But it was still wrong, and you have every reason to feel angry. We can make amends. We can provide you... Can you tell me who my parents are? No. We didn't kill your children, but something else did. How do you know it's not still here watching you? How do you know it won't attack you again? C-23 was a virus, nothing more. Can you be sure? You were wrong once before. So what's your answer? I'm not the one that needs answers. There's still a lot about this place you don't know. The baby is being treated. Please just let the hostages go. Bring her to me alive. And you come alone next time, or the bodies of the three hostages will be found hanging where everybody can see them. What he said back there about C-23. It was a virus. My children were sick. They got sick, Fleur, and they died. He's right, though. There's still a lot we don't know. OK, call me if any of the obs change. Breathing, heart rate, temperature, anything at all. Is this Lost and Found? I'll pick up my reward later. Aisling, do you want to take a seat? Is she OK? The guy she's saying killed her ma, the one she's scared of. I know about him. She said something about the way he treated her. Like there was something between them - weird vibe. OK. Thanks for bringing her to me. Don't take me not calling you as a fear of commitment, by the way. Could you do me a massive favour? Knock yourself on the head hard and forget we ever met before. Some memories are just too precious. How can I live next to him, knowing that he's here and my mum isn't, knowing that he stole her life? I do understand how much you're suffering, Aisling. How can you? You've no idea. Aisling, how well did you know Julius Berger on the transporter? Aisling? Listen, I would like to do some tests on you if you'll give me your permission. What kind of tests? It's Deep Brain Visualisation. It provokes memory episodes. Maybe there are things that you find difficult to talk about? Listen, I won't let him hurt you. I promise. CHILDREN CHATTER Let's draw a picture to welcome the new arrivals. Can you draw me something special about your favourite activity? Forming the minds of future generations. It's fascinating. Any news about your daughter? You have an interest in the minds of young people, then? Yes. Only their minds, Julius? What's your point? You know I mentioned DBV and you refused? On principle. Aisling doesn't share your principles, though. I didn't sleep with Aisling. I didn't say that you did. She threw herself at me. I said no. She was too young. She's a pretty girl. Not many men would have shown your restraint. Where is this going? You leave her alone now. What? Leave her be, if you want to preserve your reputation. I know that's important to you, Julius. Whatever you've done, I can't make it right. But I can and I will protect Aisling from you now, I promise you that. Of course, it can't just be about theories and facts. The soul must also learn to sing. When we get back, I'm going to get myself a few beers and a girl for the night. Well, no harm trying something new every once in a while, I guess. I was talking about Fleur. OK, she's got a big mouth on her, but... you wouldn't say no, would you? Not my type. Yeah, right. Poor little thing. Not a great introduction to her new home, is it? It's funny with new arrivals. What? Well, they...they don't know what it was like for us at the start, when we first came. We didn't have a clue about anything, did we? For some of us nothing's changed. Things must be looking up if you're starting to run at the mouth again. Oh, you think they are, Jack? Looking up? Well, I'd feel more optimistic if I was with someone that wouldn't faint at the first sight of blood. Oh, yeah, you're right, Jack. I don't like the sight of blood, the smell or the feel of it either. I think that's a good thing. You want some water? Your mum's been waiting for you. I'm never going to see her, am I? They're going to kill us even if they get the baby back. What are you talking about? We're all going to make it out of here alive, even Cass. I really think the tide's turning in our favour now. I'm glad I'm not alone now. Thanks. Hey, Truffle! What are you doing in the middle of this crisis, hey? Not the faintest idea that three lives depend upon your well-being. They tell me she's stabilising. Tonight's critical. How's Fleur? Bruised. She'll come through. Are you sure? She's emotional, but she's also smart. How did the ACs produce a baby? Not my number one concern, really. The men were hormonally modified. President Tate is confused by your existence, Truffle. It might be very important. Such strange little things, babies. Lily's so close to me now, Richard. I just need to hold her again. Where's the baby gone? No. No, please... BABY CRIES Listen! What the hell are you doing here? I wanted cell samples taken. You wanted... Do you not think that the hostages are a greater priority? Her respiratory system has been stabilised. It's an opportunity we couldn't pass up. You're unbelievable. That baby could hold answers to our future. My future has a knife to her throat right now, Richard. It's a baby. I don't care if it's a baby human, a baby AC or a baby chimp. It wasn't born for our benefit and it's not your child. We're done here anyway. It's time to take her back. Are you sure you're OK alone? Better if we do it as he asked. Next time you see me, I'll have Lily with me. I don't like this. Something's wrong. Why's he standing up there like that? It's a trap. They're going to kill us. Stay calm. He's giving a signal. The lying bastard's giving a signal, Cass. Wait. I've listened enough to you. Jack! No! Lily, run! Go on, then! Go on, finish it! Can't, can you? Don't even know how to prime it, you stupid ape. Jack, Jack, let him go! They weren't going to show us any mercy. Let him go. Enough bloodshed. Let's go home. Is it you? Are you my daughter? Lily! You're not my mother. I love you. You left me. You're certain they were going to double-cross us? He gave a signal. Did he? Did he? Yeah. Pretty sure that they was going to kill us. Cass? Are you all right? BABY STARTS TO CRY Look. Listen, Cass... Meeting you was the best thing that ever happened to me. You gave me this place, this life. And it was one of the best decisions I ever made. But I have blood on my hands again. We'll wash it off. What if we make all the same mistakes again? What if we can't escape that? Cass, you're a good man. That's what you can't escape. Can we, um... go somewhere more private? So I can have an accident? Fall out of a window, maybe? Aisling, that's ridiculous. Why do you want to play games with me? I wasn't playing games. You kissed me. You touched me. And that was wrong, which is why I stopped there. You killed my mother. Oh... There's no other way of describing what you did. This, again. You brainwashed her, hypnotised her, whatever it is that you do. I should have stabbed you when I had the chance. You never had the chance. You never will. I am going to live for my brilliant mother, who sacrificed everything to bring me here and I'm going to start a new life. Good luck with that. And you can tell your new mentor that I understand her terms. We will not be speaking again, Aisling. Are you OK, Little-Legs? Yes. I'm fine. He's gone now. It seems we're to be graced with her company a little longer. Lily's in viral screening? Yeah. Angry, I hear. I did what I thought was best for her as well. Of course you did. Give it time. So what now? Well, we have to find Rudi, try and return the baby and find a peaceful solution. Stella, I took the cell samples for a reason. A reason I didn't want to say in front of Fleur. Our birth rate has plummeted in the last year, it's still falling. Women are not becoming pregnant and we need to do something. And yet the ACs have started to reproduce. This baby could be the key to our future. Reproduction. It's all it comes down to in the end. Endlessly copying ourselves. We're alive, Stella. Lily's alive. That tiny baby with its heart thumping in its ribcage, pushing the blood around, the oxygen to its growing brain, she's alive. It's all it's ever been about. Every terrifying, glorious minute of it. Human life. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd E-mail subtitling@bbc.co.uk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 