Leave It to Beaver: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Leave It to Beaver 
 s1e4 - The Haircut - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Leave It to Beaver (1957–1963): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Haircut - full transcript 
 When Beaver loses his lunch money for the umpteenth time in a row, a frustrated Ward yells at his youngest son about being more careful with money. Ward then gives Beaver $1.75 to get a haircut. However, when Beaver arrives at the barber shop, that money is gone; the barber tells Beaver to go home and get the money before he'll render services. Afraid of the consequences of losing still more money, Beaver turns to Wally to give him a haircut (for free). However, Wally botches the job and shaves the sides of Beaver's head bald (leaving a mohawk similar to what Mr. T would wear years later). Knowing that Ward and June will be asking questions if they see a bald-headed Beaver, the boys decide to don stocking caps and say they need to wear them all the time (as part of an initiation into a "secret club"). However, Ward and June suspect the truth and that night, after the boys are asleep, check out Beaver's head. The next morning, they question the boys about the haircut; the boys try to bluff at first, but Ward boxes them into a corner and Beaver lets slip the truth. Ward is very angry and sends the boys to their room while he tries to decide on a punishment. However, June tells Ward that they need to go easy on them, since Ward's earlier reprimand for losing money made the wrong impression. Ward agrees and decides to show grace and mercy to his sons. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Ward Narrating] When you’re young, there are some things you have to learn. How to catch a baseball And good table manners don’t come too easily. But when you’re a boy, losing things Is one of the few lessons you don ’t have to learn. And that’s our story tonight on Leave It To Beaver. [Announcer] Leave It To Beaver. Starring Barbara Billingsley, Hugh Beaumont, Tony Dow... and Jerry Mathers as the Beaver. What are you looking for? I lost one of my wings. Oh. One of your wings? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well, one of the Beaver's wings. Oh, that's even more improbable. I'm working on his costume for the school play. Miss Canfield has him playing an angel. I'm glad to hear he's been promoted. Last year he played a dwarf. Ah, here we are. One wing. Uh, by the way, how is— how is Beaver reacting to his role? Does it offend his masculine dignity? I don't think so. I think it's upset him a little bit. Miss Canfield called this afternoon and said that he hadn't eaten lunch in school for three days. Well, did he take his lunch money with him? Yes, his whole week's allowance. Huh. I don't like to have him going without his lunch. I talked to him about it, but I didn't get anywhere. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 —Ward, would you? — Okay. All right. Sure, I'll talk to him. Darling, thanks. You're so good at it. Yeah. [June] Beaver! Hey, Beave, they're calling ya. I don't think I hear 'em. Beaver! Now I think I gotta hear 'em. Now look, Beave, Whatever you did, don't drag me into it. Now look, Beave. I know what you told Miss Canfield, but just between us men, why didn't you go to the cafeteria for lunch? Just between us men? Uh-huh. I wasn't hungry. Uh, Beaver, you know you kind of hurt my feelings. I, uh—I thought you liked your old dad well enough... to not have any secrets from him. Now, come on, why didn't you have your lunch? If I tell you, you'll be mad at me. That's ridiculous. Now come on, tell me. I "losted” my money. Again? Oh, Beaver. Your mother and I have been very patient with you, but this habit of losing money has got to stop. I told you you'd be mad at me. I'm not mad at you. Okay, shake. [Laughs] Okay, Beaver. But we've gotta do something about this business Of losing money. Couldn't I have another chance? I don't mean to losted anything. Oh! [Chuckles] Well, what took you so long? Oh, honey, even with inﬂation, it takes a while to spend $23.86. Where are the boys? Oh, Wally's out playing ball somewhere. I sent the Beaver down to get a haircut. You sent him to the barbershop? You know a better place to get a haircut? [Chuckles] No, I ﬁgured as long as he was going to be in the school play, I didn't want him to be a shaggy angel. What I mean is did you give him the money to get a haircut? I gave him a dollar and a half for the haircut, and a 25—cent tip for the barber. You gave him $1.75 after the way he's been losing money? Aw, June, I feel it's important to give him another chance. You know, like in the air force. When a pilot crashes, they send him right back up again... so he won't lose his nerve. Beaver won't lose his nerve, just your money. I don't know about that. Don't forget, we had a little talk last night, man—to—man. I don't think it'll happen again. Anyway,just to make sure, I buttoned it in his shirt pocket personally. I told him, told him at least a half a dozen times: How can the Elks beat the ﬁremen? They ain't got a man on the team who can bowl over 200. [Customer] Yeah, but the ﬁremen have a new rule. They can draw on guys in the sanitation department They’re loaded for the finals. When he gets back, be sure and tell Stanley I was in. You'll be next, son. Okay, son. That's $2.25 with the shine. Put it on my tab— Mr. Todd. Okay. Okay, Mr. Todd. What's the matter? I'm looking for something. I think I losted my money. Looks like you "founded" everything else in town. Can you give me a haircut anyways? I've gotta be an angel in school. Well, I'd like to, but Stanley the boss is on vacation, and he won't let me give a haircut without money. Oh. Put it on my tab. You have a tab? I might have. What is a tab? Well, it's a charge account like Mr. Todd has. All right, put it on his tab. Oh, I can't do that, son. Will you give me a haircut for a glass doorknob? It's hardly scratched at all. Well, that's a nice—looking doorknob, but, uh, I don't think the union will go along with me. Would the union go along with a couple of lead soldiers? I'm afraid not. I tell you what we do, son. Suppose I call up your parents and tell 'em you lost the money, and they'll okay the haircut. How does that sound? Yeah. I think our phone's been discontinued. Well, then,just suppose you go home and explain it to your parents. They'll understand. After all, anybody can lose money. Yeah, but not as good as I can. Well— Thanks anyways. I guess I have to think of something else. Sorry, son. Next? Stand still, Wally. I'm trying to ﬁt this. Gee, Mom, why can't the Beaver model his own wings? He went to get a haircut, and I haven't seen him since. Well, what if some of the kids walked in and saw me like this? Oh, never mind. Now hold still. Wally, why aren't you in the school play? Oh, I'm in it. What do you do? I hold a sign saying "just a minute” while the wise men are putting on their beards. Better get your blue suit pressed. Yeah. Can I get out of these things now? Oh, all right. You can get out of these things. Come on. Boy, it makes me look Like a sissy. Wally? Have you seen my scissors? No, Mom. Oh, well, they'll turn up. [Scissors Cutting] Hey, Beaver, are you in there? /’n in here, Wally. Well, what are you doin'? I’m not doin’ nothin’. Nothin’ at all, Wally. [Scissors Cutting] [Scissors Cutting] Beaver, you come on outta there. If you don't, I'm gonna tell Dad. Alright What's that? A haircut, I think. Wow. You look like Wilson's Airedale when he had the mange. Why didn't you let Stanley Cut your hair? Stanley wasn't there. And anyways I losted my money. What a goof! How could you lose the money again? I don't know. Wait till Dad gets a load of that head. Wally, couldn't you ﬁx it up for me? Don’t be crazy I can't give anybody a haircut. Did you ever give anybody one? — No. — Then how do you know? It's a real small head. Well, I guess I could make it Look a little bit better than it does now. — Sure you could. — Okay, hand 'em over. You're a wonderful brother. [Scissors Cutting] Well, I think that's about it. Are you ﬁnished? I don't know, but I think I'd better stop. I've never seen one like it, have you? It's different. Yeah. Yeah. How long do you think before it grows back? At least a week. Well, I can't hide for a whole week. No. [Sighs] I'm sorry, Beave. Oh, that's okay. It's only your ﬁrst haircut. You'll get better as you go along. What are we gonna do? They're gonna be awful mad at us when they see it. Maybe we could think of a way so they won't see it. Yeah, let me think. Well, did you get the Beaver converted to an angel yet? He wasn't around today. Had to use Wally as a stand—in angel. When is the big event? Wednesday night. You know, honey, I may be a little prejudiced, I think he's gonna be the cutest angel there. Well, I must admit, I can see why they picked him. He's so, uh— Hi, Dad. Hi, Mom. — What's for supper? — [Sighs] Pot roast, potato pancakes and what's the big idea? I just wanted to know. Uh, your mother wants to know, what's the big idea of the caps? Oh, the caps. Um— What is the idea of the caps, Wally? Um, well, you see, Dad, the Beaver and I joined this new club. And for initiation, you gotta wear these stocking caps for a whole week. Yeah, if you take 'em off, you're uninitiated. Well, if you have to wear them. Uh, what kind of a club is it? Uh, well, it's kind of a secret club, Dad. You know. A secret society What's the club called? Um, well, that's kind of a secret too. Oh, you mean the name of the club is a secret? That's right. Yeah, they won't even tell us. Do you have to wear those awful caps night and day for a whole week? That oughta do it. /, uh, think we’d better eat We sure fooled 'em, didn't we, Wally? Yeah, I guess we fooled 'em. What's the matter? Well, I'm not so sure we fooled 'em. Gee, they didn't say anything. Well, that's the way they are sometimes. You know, they go along nice and easy and smiling, but all the while they're getting ready to jump on you. Gee, sometimes Mom and Dad are pretty tricky, aren't they? No, they're not being tricky. They're just trying to be fair. And that's what usually messes us up. What do you suppose they're up to with those skating caps? I don't know, but this secret society business sounds pretty ﬁshy to me. Mm. Funny hats, initiation, secret names. Yeah, you have to be an adult to be silly enough to join something like that. Ward, do you suppose those hats have anything to do with the haircut the Beaver was supposed to get? That's just exactly what I suppose. He probably lost the money, didn't get the haircut, then they cooked up this secret society business to cover up. What are we gonna do about it? Do? Well, I'm gonna go right upstairs and make him take that cap off. Ward, you can't do that. After all, if there is a secret club, that would be a terrible thing to do. Yeah, I guess you're right. Can't just violate their privacy. I tell you what we could do. We could, uh— We could wait till they're asleep, and then sneak up and peek under the Beaver's stocking cap. Then if we're wrong, there's no harm done. Ward, wouldn't that be downright sneaky? Sure it would. It's the only way we can survive as parents. Ward, let me see. Uh, I think it's better if you don't look. Ward, I want to see. All right. Aah! It's all right. Come on, don't worry about it. It'll be all right. There you go. You feel better now? Did you see my little baby? My poor little baldheaded angel. No wonder I couIdn't ﬁnd my scissors. Well, well, it'll grow back. Oh, yes, but not in time for the school play. Ward, we're gonna be disgraced. We'll just have to send him away somewhere. Well, it's bad enough about the play, But I don't like him trying to get away with something like this. Boy, when I was a kid, my father would have whaled the tar out of me. Now, Ward! Well, don't worry. I'm not going to resort to physical violence. I'm tempted though. What are we going to do? Well, I guess there's nothing we can do, except lay our cards on the table and give them a chance to tell the truth. Mm. Well, come on. It's time to turn in. Oh! June, what's the matter? I just thought of his head again. Come on. Morning, boys. Boys, I wanna talk to you. Now, Beaver, yesterday I gave you $ 7.75 to get a haircut Is that right? Yes, sir. — Did you get a haircut? —I sure did. — At the barbershop? — I went to the barbershop. Did you get a haircut there? I got a haircut, all right. [Clears Throat] Beaver, did you get a haircut at the barbershop? I went to the barbershop, and then I got a haircut. Beaver, take oﬁ' that cap! I can't. It's 'itiation for the secret club. —Tell 'em, Wally. — There is no secret club. Please remove that cap. [Gasps] All right, Beaver, is this the haircut the barber gave you at the barbershop yesterday? No, sir. Did you give yourself this haircut? Excuse me. [Clears Throat] I said... did you give yourself this haircut? Not 'xactly. Wally, what do you know about this haircut? Um,well I, I think it'll grow back in a week. [Clears Throat] I'm very sorry, boys, but this time I'm really going to have to punish you. Beaver, it would have been very easy for me to forgive you If you had just stood up and said, "Dad, I lost my money, and Wally gave me the haircut." Dad, I lost the money, and Wally gave me the haircut. [Clears Throat] I'm sorry, but it's too late for that now. You better both go up to your room and wait there, while your mother and I decide what to do about this. [Sighs] I just cannot understand it. I have tried so hard to win their conﬁdence, to prove to them that I'm on their side. Why should they lie to me? Certainly it isn't my fault. It certainly is. No man has ever tried harder to be a buddy to— to— What did you say? It certainly is your fault and mine. Why, don't you realize what a spot we put him on? Oh, that's ridiculous. Put yourself in his place. He loses his lunch money three days in a row. And then after being warned that this is his last chance, he loses his haircut money. Naturally he's afraid to tell us. What's so natural about it? Are we monsters? Do we hit him? Do we beat him? Ward, the only guide the little fellow has is the love and approval of his parents. Now, if he thinks he's lost that, it's worse than a beating. Well, I don't know. Look. He was afraid to tell us the truth, wasn't he? Yeah. Who's frightening him If it isn't you and me? I guess that's one of the troubles with being a parent. You love your kids so much, you scare the pants off of 'em. You know something, Wally? What? I think we would have got away with that secret club if we had a name for it. Cut it out. What do you think they're gonna do to us? I don't know. You should have told them in the ﬁrst place you lost your money. Yeah, then we wouldn't be in this mess. Yeah, we. [Sighs] Why did I have to go and help you? I'm glad you did. It's a lot better being in a mess with somebody else. [Footsteps Approaching] Uh—oh, here they come. Yeah, here they come. I, uh, brought you the comics. Thanks, Dad. Your father and I, well, we've been talking over this haircut business. And, uh, we decided not to punish you. You're not gonna punish us? [Ward] That’s right H ow com e? Well, for a lot of reasons, Beaver, but mainly because we want you to feel... that you can come to me or to your mother... at any time with any problem, and we'll understand. Now, come on. Let's get dressed. We're gonna go out for breakfast. That's great, Dad. Yeah, that's great, Dad. And, uh, afterwards, we might even take in a movie. Mm—mm! You think it's a trick, Wally? No. You just can't ever ﬁgure 'em out, that's all. You know something though, Wally? What? I Like 'em. Me too. Come on, let's get dressed. [Choir] # joyful all ye nations rise,# # join the triumph of the skies,# # With angelic host proclaim # # 'Christ is born in Bethlehem # # Hark! The herald angels sing # # Glory to the newborn king # 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 