Leave It to Beaver: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Leave It to Beaver 
 s1e6 - Brotherly Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Leave It to Beaver (1957–1963): Season 1, Episode 6 - Brotherly Love - full transcript 
 Wally and Beaver are fighting, about which Ward seems unphased as he sees it as typical sibling behavior. June, however, wants them to stop and act more like loving brothers to each other. After she uses a little psychology to show the boys that brotherly love is a precious thing, that psychology which fails, she instead makes the boys sign a friendship pact, vowing that they will stop fighting, be friends and do everything together. Ward believes she nor anyone else can force two people to be friends. Both brothers want to honor the pact in spirit, but find it difficult to do so as they are individually asked by different people to do two different activities at the same time, which out of circumstance cannot accommodate the other brother. So both try to make the other break the pact so that they can go off and do their activity, but both refuse believing the other will squeal to their mother. Will their outward brotherly love last or will they both end up resenting the other for not being able to do what they want? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Ward Narrating] When you were young, brotherhood meant sharing... secret and wonderful adventures. Or enjoying the luxury Of just going fishing. And then there were the times when you and your brother... had a slight difference of opinion. And that's our story tonight on Leave It To Beaver. [Announcer] Leave It To Beaver. Starring Barbara Billingsley, Hugh Beaumont, Tony Dow... and Jerry Mathers as the Beaver. [Boys Shouting] [Pounding] What are you reading? Something new? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Something old. Quotations from the Arabic. I found it when I was cleaning the bookshelf. Your Uncle Harry gave us this book 10 years ago on our anniversary. I remember that. We were expecting a check. Ward, listen to this. “The love of a man for a woman will wither and fade and grow old, “but the love of brother for brother will last... till the sands of the desert grow cold.” [Crash] Isn't that beautiful? I didn't quite get the full effect, dear. The boys are ﬁghting upstairs. “But the love of brother for brother will last... till the sands of the desert grow cold.” That's very nice, dear. [Shouting Continues] If you're gonna quote brotherly love, I think you should get Wally and the Beaver to cooperate. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [Pounding] — Do you think they're ﬁghting? — Either that or they're taking... the door off their closet to make a surfboard again. How can you sit there calmly with two brothers ﬁghting upstairs? All brothers ﬁght. Even Arabian brothers. I remember my brother and I used to ﬁght like cats and dogs. Once he bounced a rock right off the top of my head. [Pounding Continues] —I had to take ﬁve stitches in it. — Your brother did that? I can hardly believe it. Come think of it, you're right. It was my sister. [Pounding Intensiﬁes] Are you just gonna sit there and let this go on? It's perfectly normal,June. It's happened before. It'll happen again. Well, I think it's disgraceful— brothers ﬁghting. If you're gonna sit there and be so indifferent, I'm gonna go up there and put a stop to it once and for all! Well, dear, if you think I failed, by all means, have a go at it yourself. I didn't touch your junky old airplane! It's not a junky old airplane. You took it out of my drawer. I didn't take it! You did too. You're always wreckin' my stuff. [Beaver] Let go of me! Let go! Wally! Wally, you let him up this minute! If I do, he'll kick me again. You bet I'll kick you again! Come on, now! Stop! Stop it! Now stop it! Mom, he took my jet airplane. I worked on it for a whole week. I did not. Anyways, it wasn't any good. When I sailed it out the window, it didn't even ﬁy. So you did take it! Oh, now stop! You boys oughta be ashamed of yourselves. I wasn't doing anything, Mom, and he just came in here and started punching me. It was all his fault. Why did I have to get him for a brother anyway? Wally, you're very lucky to have a brother. Lots of boys don't have this advantage. That'd be all right with me. Me too. Well, I guess all of this bickering and ﬁghting... will stop soon enough when Wally goes away. — Wally's going somewhere? — He's gonna start to high school next year. And then he'll be leaving for college. Oh, boy! I'll get the whole room to myself. Yes, Beaver, you will, all to yourself. Wally'll be going away, making new friends. You'll hardly see him at all anymore. It can't happen soon enough for me. Me too. Now, I've had enough of this, and it's going to stop! Now, both of you are gonna sit down and you're going to write out a promise... that you're gonna start acting like brothers. It's gonna be a friendship pact. You're gonna start doing things together and enjoying things together. Now do it right now. Aw, gee, do we have to? Right now! And don't either one of you leave this room until you've done it. “I, Theodore Cleaver, promise not to hit my brother anymore... and to do things together with him because he is my brother.” — There. Now, what's wrong with that? — Nothing. Nothing at all. He may have been a little confused, but at least the spirit's there. At least I got him to sign a friendship pact. Seems to me I recall signing a pact like that with my sister... just before she hit me in the head with a rock. You're just taking this attitude because it was my idea. You never like my suggestions. Why,June, that's not true. You've come up with some brilliant suggestions. This just doesn't happen to be one of them. That's all. Well, at least I did something about it. I got Wally and the Beaver to write out a friendship pact. Don't you worry about it. It'll work. [Clears Throat] Look,June. Friendship is something you simply cannot force. Look, do you remember that circus gorilla, Gargantua? They sent all the way to Africa for another gorilla. Brought him o i/er here, put 'em in a cage together, and the y practical/y tore each other apart Are you comparing my two babies with gorillas? Of course not. I was merely using that as an illustration. You practically called them apes. I did not! That's a ﬁne thing for a father to say! I didn't say it! And I think we'd better drop the subject right now... before we need a friendship pact ourselves. Now, don't touch the sideburns. And leave enough on top so I can comb it forward. And don't take too much Off the back. Your father called and told me how to cut it. Oh. Hi, Wally. Hi, Chester. Uh, hey, Stanley, did my mother call about my haircut? — Nope, not this week. — Good. Don't touch the sideburns, leave enough on the top... where I can comb it forward, and leave it long in the back. I wanta ducktail. — Wally, what are you doing tomorrow? — Nothing much. Why? Well, my father's got tickets for that football game. You wanna come along? Gee, yeah! —That's gonna be a swell game. —We'II pick you up about 2:00. That's great. Hey, can I bring my brother? I'm supposed to. The Beaver? Well, we only got three tickets. Well, I guess I can't make it. My father was gonna take us back to meet the coach. — He and him went to school together. — No foolin'? Chester, uh, what time you say you'd pick me up? 2:00. It's a deal. — What about your brother? —I think I can ditch him. There she is. Arrived this morning. A genuine Cape Cod dinghy. Boy, that's keen! Yep. Got her in the water down in Miller's Pond right now. A man couldn't help but catch ﬁsh with a boat like that. Yeah. Wally says you gotta get out in the deep spots where they are. Yeah. A feller came in with one, oh, that long You know, I never did like to ﬁsh alone. I know, Gus. Me neither. Course, this Cape Cod dinghy's only got room for a man and a half. —A man and a half? —Yeah. Now,just where would a feller go to get a half a man? Gee, I don't know, Gus. I was lookin' right at you, Beaver. [Chuckles] You might just ﬁt them requirements. Oh, boy! Would you take me ﬁshin'? Would you, Gus? Well, like I say, I don't like to ﬁsh alone. Course, you'd have to ask your father and mother. Could you meet me here at the ﬁrehouse about 2:00 tomorrow afternoon? Sure. I'll bring my pole and— What's the matter, Beaver? As long as I bring my pole, can I bring my brother Wally? — We're supposed to do things together. — I'd like to have him, but like I say, this here Cape Cod dinghy only holds a man and a half. I ﬁgure with you and your brother, that adds up to about two and a quarter. We could, uh, really get out in the deep spots where they are. Okay, Gus. I'll be here around 2:00. Good. I'm sorry about your brother. Just ain't got room. That's all. That's okay. I guess I can duck away. See you tomorrow, Gus. [Ward] Now, Son, that's what / call a sensible haircut You really showed good judgment. Yes, sir.June, don't you think that— Dad Stanley told me about you calling ahead of time. Oh. Uh,yeah, I guess I did mention it to him. Well, uh, what have you two boys got planned for over the weekend? Well, I'm gonna go f— — Nothing. — What are you going to do, Wally? Who, me? I don't guess I'm gonna do nothin' either. Yeah. Me and Wally aren't gonna do nothin' together. Aren't we, Wally? 'Cause we got a pact. — Yeah. We got a pact. —I think it's very sweet. Uh, since you two brothers are working together as a team, how about taking out some of the dishes? Oh, sure, Dad. Oh, sure, Dad! Thank you. Well, did you ever see two brothers get along better together? No. Did you ever see two boys more anxious to be with each other? — No. — Then what's bothering you? —I keep thinking about that book. — Quotations from the Arabic? No. All Quiet on the Western Front Pass the cream, dear. Where have the boys gone this morning? Nowhere. They're up in their room. Oh. They've never slept this late on a Saturday before. They're not sleeping. They're playing... together. Well, they can't be playing,June. Look, the walls are not shaking, plaster's not falling. No, they must be asleep. Dear, you're forgetting. They signed a pact— love of brother for brother. Seems to me I recall you got another pretty sincere promise... out of them awhile back about keeping their room straightened up. Well, you have to admit, it did look better for a couple of weeks. Yeah, then we found out why. They'd been throwing their dirty laundry out on the roof. But this time, Ward, what I told them about brothers loving each other is going to work. You're always too logical. I used a tender approach. A woman gets results using her heart, not her head. Oh, now, June, that simply doesn't hold up. A man's head's always been softer than a woman's heart. That didn't come out quite right, But I think you got what I meant. Oh,yes, I did. But don't you worry about this pact. It's gonna work. Okay. Carry on. I have to take the car down and get the battery recharged. That's six games I won. Yeah, it's real fun playing with your brother. Yeah. Say, Beaver, are you sure you don't have anything to do today? Not unless it's with you. It says so in the pact. Yeah, but if you got anything special to do, you go right ahead and do it. Not me. I wouldn't break the pact. Yeah. Of course, If you have anything special to do, you go right ahead and do it. [Phone Ringing] What are you trying to do, get me in trouble? You just want me to break the pact so you can squeal to Mom. No, I don't. [June] Wally! Yea h, Mom ? Telephone. Be right there. [Door Opens, Closes] We'll pick you up at 2:00 for the football game. — Yeah, sure. — And my dad says to wear a jacket. We might go to dinner after we meet the coach. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, ﬁne. Gotcha. — Who was that, Wally? — Where? Oh, you mean on the phone. Yes, I mean on the phone. Just somebody that called up. What did he want? You know how it is. Guys are always calling you up. I know. But who was the guy that called ya up? How would I know? It was so long ago, I forget. Yeah. What time is it, Wally? [Wally] Almost 72:00. [Beaver] Wally, are you in here? [Wally] Beaver? Beaver, are you in there? Whew! — Hi, Wally. — Uh, where were you goin'? Who, me? Yeah. I was goin' out on the roof to practice ﬁshing. Oh, you were goin' out on the roof and practice ﬁshin', huh? Yeah. What are you doin' with a pennant and jacket? — Practicing for football? — Now, look, Beave, you don't have to kid around with me. If you got someplace you wanna go, you just say so, and we'll forget about the pact. Oh, no. You'll squeal on me. — Anyway, we signed it in blood. — That was red ink. You said it was the same thing. Okay, we'll stick to the pact. Hi. Did you get the battery recharged? I didn't have to. They sold me a new one. Always do. Uh, how are the boys? Have they recovered their normal antagonism for each other? Not at all. They've had a wonderful time together all morning. I haven't heard a word out of them. They must be coming down with colds. What time is it now? Twenty to 2:00. Aren't you hot in that jacket? No. Hey, Beaver, aren't you supposed to take a nap on Saturday? Sometimes. I'll go downstairs so I don't disturb ya. Downstairs? You're just trying to sneak away. No, I'm not. To prove it, I'll stay up here and take a nap with ya. Okay. Okay. No, Tom, I haven't heard anything about it. Oh, the boys know. Well, yeah, sure. Fine. Okay. Good—bye. That was Tom Anderson. He says that he and Chester are supposed to take Wally to a football game this afternoon. He must be mistaken. Wally and the Beaver... are planning to spend the whole day together. [Mutters] Ward, you don't suppose they're going back on their agreement? Now, now. Don't lose your conﬁdence. He probably made the date before you gave him your speech on brotherly love. Hey! Where are you goin'? I think I'm walking in my sleep. Don't give me that. You're just trying to sneak off and go ﬁshin'. Me? Go ﬁshin'? But, Wally, we had a deal— [Door0pens] Oh, uh, Beaver, Lieutenant Gus, the ﬁreman, is downstairs to see you. To see me, Dad? Yeah. He says you have a date to go ﬁshing. Fishing? I don't remember making a date. And anyways, I can't go. I don't think I feel so good. I see. Well, uh, You just take it easy. I'll tell him. Well,you little sneak. You had a date to go ﬁshin' all the time. You were gonna go off and leave me stuck with a pact. I oughta tell Mom on you. [Horn Honks] What was that? Nothing. [Honking Continues] That was another nothing. Somebody's honkin' for somebody. Hey, Beaver, don't you know it's not polite to stare out a window? Wally! It's Chester and Mr. Anderson. I wonder what they want? Search me. Hey, Wally, hurry up! We'll be late for the football game! I can't go! [Engine Starts] Wally. it looks like we're both a couple of sneaks, doesn't it? [Car Departing] Oh, Ward, isn't it wonderful? Yeah, I love liverwurst. Oh, I mean the boys— the way they've gotten along today. They've spent the whole day together in their room. They sure have. The whole day. Why do you say it like that? You're always so cynical. If you'd had a sister who bounced rocks off your head, every hour, on the hour, you'd be cynical too. Hey, Beaver, get your feet off my bed. It's half my bed. Then get your feet on your own half. I don't want to. Now, look, Beave, don't give me any trouble. You made me miss a good football game. You made me miss going ﬁshing with Gus. I don't care. Get your feet off. Make me. — Ow! — [Pounding] Ward, they're ﬁghting! Uh-huh. [Boys Shouting] But why? Well, Wally was going to the football game with Chester Anderson, and Beaver was going ﬁshing with Lieutenant Gus. [Wally] You kick me again, I'll slug you' But after they signed the pact and they promised! Let go of my hair! If I had to have a brother, why'd it have to be an ape like you? — You're a bigger ape! — [Shouting Continues] Oh, Ward, I've just failed as a parent! From the sound of things, I'd say they were succeeding as children. Where's the mustard? [Beaver] Get oﬁ'me, you big— Oh, Ward! Ward, please do something! They'll hurt each other. Well, I always felt these things sort of worked themselves out. But if you insist— Thank you, dear. [Fighting Continues] And, Ward, you have my promise, I'll never listen to another Arab again. [Pounding] Hi, Gus. Oh, it's you, Beaver. You stood me up yesterday. I didn't mean to “stood“ you up, Gus. Well, you see, Gus, it was kind of my fault. Yeah. Me and Wally had to stay home and have a ﬁght. Don't tell me you two fellas don't like each other? Well, sometimes we do and sometimes we don't. — But it all evens up. - Uh-huh. You know, fellas, I was just thinking about that new Cape Cod dinghy of mine. It's sitting down there in Miller's Pond right now Sittin' there all by itself — Thinkin' of goin' ﬁshing, Gus? — No, no. No. I gotta hang around here. Never tell when this whole town might go up in ﬂames. Yeah, I guess so. I was just thinkin', Beaver. You and your brother just might make a man and a half in that boat... and still leave room for the ﬁsh. Oh, boy! Yeah, Wally? Sure, Beave. Thanks a lot, Gus! Let's go home and get our poles. Uh— 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 