Leave It to Beaver: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Leave It to Beaver 
 s1e7 - Water Anyone? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Leave It to Beaver (1957–1963): Season 1, Episode 7 - Water Anyone? - full transcript 
 Beaver is left out when Ward and the other neighborhood dads offer to pay Wally and his friends for doing outdoor chores to help them buy uniforms. But, after Beaver finds out that the main water line will be shut off on a very hot day, he loads up his wagon with full water buckets and makes his own money ... at five cents a cup! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Ward Narrating] Remember those hot summer days when you just couldn't get cooled off? They called them "dog days." A few ice—cream sodas helped a little bit. And some days, it got so hot, you'd even pay money For a cold drink of water. Well, that's our story tonight on Leave It To Beaver. [Announcer] Leave It To Beaver. Starring Barbara Billingsley Hugh Beaumont Tony Dow... and Jerry Mathers as the Beaver. [Bang] Was that thunder? I don‘t know. I thought it‘d be cooler if we ate outside this evening. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, that‘s a good idea. Can I help you? Yes. Don‘t say, “Is it hot enough for you?" All right. I won‘t. Thanks. And it sure is. What? Hot enough for me. [Bang] What is that? Air in the pipes? [Banging] I don‘t think so. It sounds more like somebody walking up the side of the house. No, that only happens on New Year‘s Eve. Well, I have to set the table up, honey. You better see what that is. Yeah. [Bang] [Bang] — Enjoying yourself, Wally? —Well, I‘m practicing catching flies, Dad. Yeah, he‘s practicing catching flies. [Bang] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, Wally, I know you‘re not worried about the house, but, uh, aren‘t you afraid you might knock that baseball out of shape? Gee, yeah, Dad. I never thought of that. It cost 50 cents. Yeah. Oh, uh, we‘re eating outside tonight, boys. Oh, boy! I guess that means we don‘t have to wash up. Oh, boy! I guess that means we do. Dad? Yeah ? Can I have $3.98? What do you want $3.98 for? Well, a lot of the kids are getting up a baseball team, and we need uniforms. Yeah, Tooey and Wally and Chester and those big guys. Well, uh, I tell you, I think the idea of a baseball team‘s great, but| don‘t think| should just hand you over $3.98. Where else are you gonna get money If you don‘t get it from your father? Well, there are other ways. For instance, uh... work? Work? Yeah, work. Wally, why can‘t I be on the ball team? Give me one good reason Why I can‘t be on the ball team. I already got a mitt. Look, Beaver, you‘re too small. But if you can earn enough to get a uniform, we‘ll let you hang around. Now beat it. Beaver. You stop bothering your brother. He‘s working and he‘s being paid 25 cents an hour. Dad, I want to make some money. Isn‘t there something I can do? Yeah. You can stop bothering your brother. Will you pay me 25 cents an hour for not bothering him? I will not. Now you run along. I think I‘m gonna go see how some of the other guys are doing. Hi, Mr. Anderson. Hi. Do you need an extra man around here? Sorry, Beaver. I‘m afraid we‘re overmanned as it is. Okay. Chester, can‘t you pull weeds any faster than that? Sure. But I‘m being paid by the hour. Oh. Wally says if| earn enough money to get a— get a uniform, I can be on the team. Chester, where are you going? Oh, I‘m goin‘ to get a glass of water. What, again? It‘s hot work, Dad. Hi. Dad. Where‘s Wally? He, uh, went in to get a drink of water. Can I do his work for him? Well, Beaver, you wouldn‘t want to do your brother out of his job, would you? Sure. Can I? Beaver, uh, instead of bothering me, uh, why don‘t you go and ask your mother if she‘s got something for you to do? Wally, where‘s Mom? She‘s on the phone or something. Oh. What are you trying to do, get a drink? What does it look like? Well, as Ward says, why shouldn‘t the boys earn their own uniforms? It‘d be a lot easier to just give them the money, but working three or four Saturdays like this is— is not only saving money but it‘s building character. Mom? Well, I think it‘s a fine idea. Well, I‘ll talk to you again. Bye. That was Mrs. Anderson. Her boy‘s working to earn his uniform too. Your father‘s got this whole neighborhood working. Yeah. Mom,you got a job for me to do? Job? Honey, why don‘t you ask your father? I did. What'd he say? — He said to ask you. -Oh, he did? Well, my work‘s just about done. So I‘ll tell you what you do. You go back outside and you ask your father to think real hard. Think real hard about what? About giving you a job. But, Mom, Dad— Now, come on. I know he can find something for you to do. Go on. Oh, no! [Sighs] Dad? | asked Mom for a job. Oh, well, that‘s fine. [Clears Throat] What did she say? She said to ask you. Look, Beaver, I‘m sorry. But I just can‘t think of a thing for you to do. Now, why don‘t you just run along and, uh, enjoy yourself? I don‘t wanna enjoy myself. Look, Beaver, I told you to go have fun, and I mean it. Okay. Now, Tooey, this was your father‘s idea. Th—This hedge has been here for 1 0 years. Now do be careful. Oh, I know what I‘m doing, Mom. Hi, Tooey. Huh? Oh, hi, Beaver. Hello, Theodore. You got a job for me to do, Mrs. Brown? I‘m a nice boy. I‘m sorry, Theodore. I haven‘t anything today. I‘m a very nice boy. No, Theodore. Thank you just the same. Now be careful of that hedge, Tooey. Don‘t worry about me. And don‘t come tracking into the house for a drink again. You‘re gonna have a real nice hedge when you get it finished, Tooey. It‘s gonna look like a roller coaster. Oh, yes. I‘ve got the knack of it now. Whoa! Hey, Mom, what‘s the big idea? Wally, I don‘t want you coming in this kitchen again. Well, it‘s hot, and I get thirsty. It‘s hot and you wanna stall because you‘re earning 25 cents an hour. Now you just get back on the job. [Beaver] Wally! Wally, what‘s the matter? Ah, they won‘t let me get a drink of water. They won‘t let Tooey get a drink of water either. Boy, it‘s hot. I‘d give anything for a nice, cold drink of water. Well, see you later, Wally. Don‘t trip over my bucket full of nice, cool water, Wally. Hey, what are you doing with that, Beave? Oh, I found a job to do. I‘m selling water. Five cents a drink. Are you crazy? Who‘d ever buy water? I can get water out of the faucet Hi, mister. Well, hello there. What you doin‘? We‘re gonna dig up the street, kid. — What are you digging for? — Water pipe. Oh, you‘re thirsty. You wanna buy a drink of water? It's a lot easier than digging for it No, no, no. We got plenty of water. We got a leak in the main. Yeah, you better hang onto that bucket, son. In about 10 minutes, you ain‘t gonna have enough water around here to fill a thimble. You mean, you‘re shutting off the water? For a couple of hours, till we find the leak. You mean nobody around here‘s not gonna have any water? Nope. Not for a couple of hours. Gee, thanks. What do you suppose he‘s up to? Search me. I‘ve got four of my own and I never know. [Jackhammering] — What‘s the matter, Wally? — I‘m trying to get a drink. There‘s no water. Hmm. Something must have happened. Lucky I got this wagon full of nice, cool water, isn‘t it? Yeah. Give me a drink, Beave. Sure. Five cents for a big one, two cents for a small one. Wait a minute. You‘re charging me for water? Sure. You‘re charging Dad to fix the lawn. Well, that‘s different. I‘m trying to earn a uniform. I‘m trying to earn a uniform too. Well, my money‘s in the house. I‘ll trust you. Large or small? Small. Give me another, Beave. Sure. Large or small? Large. That‘ll be five cents. All right, all right. Hi; Chester. Like a pick—me—up? Is that the same junk you were selling before? No, this is different. Oh, well. Say, it‘s not too sweet, is it? No. Wally bought some. — How much is it? — Five cents for a big one. Okay. — Hey, this is water! — Ain‘t too sweet, is it? Are you crazy? Selling water? Well, if you don‘t want it— You bet I don‘t, and give me my nickel back. Chester? Yea h, Dad? Stop stalling out there. Yes, Dad. And don't try to use the hose. The water's turned oh? It‘s six cents now. Boy. Boy, Beaver, you‘ve really got nerve selling water. Give me another one. All the kids are buying it. Anyone who‘d pay money for water is out of his mind. Give me a small one. Tooey, have you gotten the bumps out of the hedge yet? Uh, I‘m doing fine. Oh, dear. You better get that straightened out before your father gets home. Yes, Mom. I have my own problems. I‘m having a tea party, and the water‘s turned off. I could let you have three buckets, Mrs. Brown. Oh, aren‘t you a sweet boy? He‘s chargin‘ for it, Mom. Well, we‘ll have soft drinks then. You run along. Hey,June, you know what your son‘s doing? Well, now, let me think. I believe I have two sons, and one of them‘s cutting the lawn. No, I mean the Beaver. That little character is going around the neighborhood selling water. Well, dear, he‘s has his heart set on earning a uniform. And aren‘t you the one that gave him the lecture on big business, corporate endeavor and showing initiative? Yeah, but—but this sort Of smacks of sharp practice, selling water to your own brother. Well, you have to hand it to him for taking advantage of the fact the water‘s been turned off. Well, he‘s got a monopoly. He‘s practically operating a black water market. Ward, wasn‘t there a Cleaver way back in your family who sold guns to the Indians? No, that was whiskey. He just got them in the mood to buy guns. It runs in the family. Beaver‘s got everybody in the mood to buy water. Ah, it‘s kind of embarrassing though, uh, having your son going around the neighborhood peddling water. You think I ought to speak to him? If you want to. Honey, do you want coffee with your sandwich? Yeah. But how are you gonna make it? The water‘s turned off. Seeing as I‘m his mother, he let me have it for a quarter. Would you want me to put a little in your pants, Chester? I won‘t charge you extra. I‘d like to put a little in your pants. — What on earth are you doing here? — I‘m cooling Chester off. [Whistling] Oh, that‘s my brother. He wants another drink. Four cents, five cents, six cents— Hey, you‘re adding too fast. That‘s the way they do it at the gas station. Seven cents, eight cents— Well,yes, Mrs. Brown, I-I know Theodore has been selling water to the boys, but| felt— Well, I, for one, Think it‘s disgraceful. The idea of a child taking advantage of his playmates. Why, the last time he was here, he got Tooey‘s penknife away from him. Of course, it‘s none of my business, but I say it‘s things like this... that lead to juvenile delinquency and— and communism! Well, I really don‘t feel, in this case, Mrs. Brown, that democracy is in any immediate danger, but I will speak to the boy. And thank you For your friendly advice, Mrs. Brown. Good—bye. — Beaver, what are you doing now? — I figure I can charge more If I call it lemonade. Uh, Beaver, Do you think you‘re doing the right thing in selling water to your friends and neighbors? Oh sure, Dad. I already made $1.90. Not counting the quarter Mom owes me. Yeah. Well, y—you see, what I mean, Beaver, is, uh, well, now, look, you knew the water was going to be turned off. So, uh, you sort of took advantage of the situation to exploit your brother and his friends. I didn‘t ‘ploit anybody, Dad. I‘m just selling water. Yeah, well, uh, look at it this way, Beaver. If you have something your friends don't have, you don‘t take advantage of them, you share the thing with them. Dad? Uh—huh? Is Mr. Michaels your friend? The grocer? Oh, sure. We went to school together. Well, he‘s got a whole store full of food. Why doesn‘t he give it to you free? Uh, well, Mr. Michaels is a businessman, Beaver. So am I, Dad. Anyway, how else can I earn my uniform? Yeah. Well, uh, I‘ll tell you, Beaver, this may not be clear to you now, but someday, when you grow up, uh, you‘ll understand what I mean about not exploiting one‘s friends and neighbors. Yeah. When I grow up, I figure I‘ll know a lot of things. Yeah. I earned 65 cents, but I spent 40 cents on water. Well, I earned 85 cents, but I spent a dollar on water. I‘ve four dollars and a quarter. That won‘t do you any good. After what you did, we‘re not gonna let you on the team, even if we could buy uniforms. Yeah. You‘re a crook. No, I‘m not. I‘m just a businessman. If any of us would have known the water was gonna be cut off, Hey, maybe we‘d better have a meeting back here tonight and figure out another way to get uniforms. You can‘t have a meeting tonight. There ain‘t gonna be no ‘tricity. Look, Beaver, we told you to stay out of this, you crook! Wait a minute. Hey, Beaver, what do you mean there‘s not gonna be any ‘tricity? Well, the man said when the water pipe broke, it did something to the ‘tricity. — When did he tell you that? — Oh, I sold them water too. They‘re gonna have to shut it off and fix it tonight. The whole neighborhood? [Beaver] Uh-huh. Hey, if we had enough money, we could buy a lot of candles and go around the neighborhood selling them. Yeah, we could charge people double. We oughta have enough for uniforms in no time. Yeah, but we could hardly buy any candles with the money we‘ve got. [Both] Yeah. Why don‘t we use my money? Your money? Sure. | only earned it so I could get a uniform. If you guys aren‘t gonna let me on the team, it‘s no good to me. What are you gonna do, charge us interest on it? Nope. You can have it for nothin‘. Hey, that‘s okay, Beave. Let‘s go get the candles. See you later, Beave. All right. June, you know what Mr. Anderson just told me? The Beaver turned over his water money to the team. Uh-huh. That‘s what I heard too. That‘s pretty good, huh? Guess I really got through to him this time. You know, that little talk about, uh, not exploiting his friends and neighbors? Makes you feel good to know you‘re not raising a couple of sharp operators. Uh-huh. Why the candles? Electricity is going off any minute. Where‘d you get these candles? They don‘t match. From your son, Wally, for 40 cents apiece. They‘re not worth a nickel. I know, but I was on the spot. You mean, Wally did a thing like this? Next time, why don‘t you have your little speech mimeographed and tack it up around the house? Oh, I don‘t know. Sometimes, I wish I‘d stayed single and just raised silver foxes. Oh, Ward. On second thought. Hey, come on! Come on, Wally! We‘re gonna be late! Let‘s get going! We‘ll be late! Come on! Come on, Wally! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Let's go, Wally! Let‘s play! Come on! Hey, fellas, wait up! Wait up! Come on! Come on! Wait up, fellas! Wait up for me! Wait up! Come on! Hurry up! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 