Leave It to Beaver: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Leave It to Beaver 
 s1e10 - Wally's Girl Trouble - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Leave It to Beaver (1957–1963): Season 1, Episode 10 - Wally's Girl Trouble - full transcript 
 For the first time in six months since their parents forced them to take classes, Wally and Beaver seem actually excited to go to dance school this day. What their parents don't know is that excitement masks their scheme to get out of class by Beaver faking spraining his ankle once there and Wally needing to take him home, while in reality they plan to go fishing instead of going home until class is supposedly over. But Wally's excitement about class turns to being real when he meets Penny Jamison, a new girl in class with who he has a mutual attraction. Dancing with Penny replaces Wally's plan to go fishing with Beaver. Beaver doesn't quite understand what Wally sees in a girl compared to going fishing. When Ward and June find out about Penny, they are afraid that Wally and Beaver's true brotherly relationship will be sidelined. As Beaver still sees Wally in that light, he will do anything to help Wally along, even if it is to impress a girl. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Ward Narrating] When you have an older brother, there comes a time... when you kind of take him for granted. Even going fishing with him can get to be pretty routine. But when you stand a chance of losing him, you suddenly realize how much he means to you. And that’s our story tonight on Leave It To Beaver. [Announcer] Leave It To Beaver. Starring Barbara Billingsley, Hugh Beaumont, Tony Dow... and Jerry Mathers as the Beaver. Water's not gonna help. That thing's anemic. Oh, this isn't plain water. It's plant food. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's chock full of all kinds Of chemical goodies. It costs a dollar and a quarter a pound. That weed's eating better than we are. Hey, isn't this the Saturday morning the boys are supposed to go to dancing school? Uh—huh. I sent them upstairs to get dressed a half an hour ago. Felt like I was sending them to the guillotine. Wonder what excuse they'll come up with this morning to keep from going. Oh, could be anything. [Chuckles] Remember the time the Beaver hid the trousers to his best suit in the mop closet? And then he said they hadn't come back from the cleaners? I had to threaten to send him to dancing school in his underwear before he got his memory back. Well, I'm not gonna stand for any foolishness this morning. Oh, it isn't just missing a lesson. They're gonna appreciate this someday. After all, we don't want Wally and the Beaver to grow up... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to be wallﬂowers. [Door Closes] Shh. Here they come. Wonder what'll it be this time. Well, bye. We're going to dancing school. Yeah, we wanna get there early. Now, boys, uh, I kinda had the idea you didn’t like dancing school Oh, not anymore, Dad. We really appreciate it. Yes, we 'preciates it a lot. Bye. Well, after fighting it for six months. Looks like we're getting through to them. Now don't forget, Beave, after we've been there fora little while, you tell Miss Spencer you sprained your ankle. Okay, Wally. And then she tells you to take me home, and then we get to go fishing. Shh. Yeah, but don't sprain it till I give you the signal, or she'll see that it's phony. Okay, Wally. You know, this is a lot better than losing my pants. Hey, Wally, wait for me! [Waltz] Hey, Beaver, look at your brother Wally dancing with that new girl, Pamela Jamison. He can't help it. Miss Spencer made him. This is my first time here. I didn't wanna come. I thought there'd be nothing but kids. Yeah. You're a smooth dancer. You dance just like a college boy. Y—You ever dance with a college boy? Oh, sure, lots of times, in New York. He looks like he's enjoying it. No, he's not. Anyway, me and him are gonna get outta here. I'm gonna sprain my ankle so we can go fishin'. Look at him. My big brother started looking at girls like that, and the next thing I knew he went out and got married. He got married to a girl? Sure, that's all there is. I only see my brother at Christmas. I got to do everything by myself. Oh. I guess this is the dance we're supposed to dance. I guess it is. I bet you have a date every Saturday. Oh, sure. Me and my brother go fishin'— bullheads. Fishing? I hate fishing. Fish are so slimy and fishy. Well, I guess I don't like it too much. But I gotta take my brother. Is something wrong? I was just noticing your eyes. You know, they're just like Tab Hunter's. Uh, the movie star? [Music Ends] Uh—huh. Wally. Yeah? The music stopped. Oh, yeah. Shall we sit out the next dance? Yeah, if you like. [Beaver] Wally Look, Wally, I sprained my ankle. Forget it. The deal's off. Penny, where would you like to sit out the dance? What's the matter with your brother? I thought he told you to sprain your ankle. I don't know. Where you goin’? As long as I'm gonna be stuck here, I'm gonna dance with another boy. [Music Resumes] Well, I suppose you're planning on deserting me this afternoon for the golf course. Yeah, I thought I might— [Door Opens] — Hi, Mom. Hi, Dad. - Hi. [Humming] [June] How was dancing school, Wally? Aw, it was great, Mom. Dancing school was great. I know you think I lecture 'em too much, but I'd say some of my little talks were beginning to pay off. I think he's developing a sense of responsibility. Well, maybe so, but I never saw a sense of responsibility produce a smile like that. [Croaking] — Hello, Herbie. — [Croaking] —;;[Humming] — Wally, why you putting that goop on your hair? It's not goop. It's Groom Well, for the fastidious man. I bet you're doing it on account of that girl, Benny. Her name is Penny. And what's wrong with her? Nothin'. Nothin' at all. Except she's sort of got a face like a flounder. [Herbie Croaks] Now you cut that out. Watch what you're saying. She happens to be the prettiest girl in dancing class. [Phone Rings] Ha! [Phone Rings] Hello. Who? This is Mr. Cleaver speaking. Oh, that Mr. Cleaver. Uh,just a moment, please. Who is it, dear? It's a Miss Penny Jamison to speak to Mr. Wally Cleaver. Oh. Well, I'll call Mr. Cleaver to the telephone. Yeah. Wally! You, uh, still think It was your lectures that made him smile like that? Wally, you're wanted on the phone. Tell him I’ll call him back later. It isn't a him. It's Miss Penny Jamison. [Door Slams] [Running Footsteps] Thanks, Mom. [Clears Throat] Uh, Dad? Hmm? Would you mind closing the door on your way out? No, not at all. [Clears Throat] Hi. Wally, this is Penny. What are you doing? Who me? Oh, I'm not doing nothin'. I mean, anything. [Door Closes] I was hoping you'd do me a little favor this afternoon. Oh, sure. Like| said, I'm not doin' nothin'— anything. Yes, you are. We're gonna go fishin'. Shut up. Uh, what kind of a favor, Penny? Well, I'm taking a music lesson, and I wonder if you'd stop by the library for me and pick up a book— Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm. I need it for a book report. Well, sure. You could bring it by my house If you like. Well, that's swell, Penny. I'll do that. Good—bye—ee. Bye—ee. Wally, are you sick or something? No. I gotta go out. But I thought we were going fishin'. Where you going, Wally? Well, I gotta go out, Mom. Well, didn't you promise to take the Beaver with you? Yeah, but something came up. But you promised. Yeah, you promised. Come on. Don't forget to come back in time to cut the lawn. [Wally] Okay What's up? I believe a girl's come between Wally and the Beaver. Oh? Yes, and they've always been so close. Gonna be awfully rough on the Beaver, I'm afraid. Hi, men. Yeah, hi, men. What'd we come all the way down here for, Wally? I told you, to get a book. What kind of a book? Just a book. What's the name of the book? [Whispers] Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm. Never heard of it. Sorry to have kept you waiting, boys. May I help you? Yeah, well, uh, I'd like a book. What's the name of the book? Well, um— Yes? Uh, Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm. I know this is a library, young man, but speak up. Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm. Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm! Where we going now, Wally? Look, I gotta take this book over to Penny Jamison's. You better go on home. Can't I come with you, Wally? You always gotta be hanging around me? Leave me alone. But I thought we were goin' fishin'. Look, Beaver, will you leave me alone? You're a little kid. and I'm bigger. You can't always be hanging around me. It makes me look like a sap. Okay, Wally, I got friends. [Croaks] I got lots of friends. Don't I got lots of friends, Herbie? [Croaks] — Hi, Beaver. What are you doing here? — I'm waiting for Wally to come home so we can go fishing. Oh. Well, it's getting pretty late. And if that grass isn't cut, there isn't gonna be any fishing. Oh, he'll be home right away, Dad. I know he will, Dad. He told me so, Dad. All right. You tell him to do a good job on the lawn, or there won't be any fishing this weekend. Okay. [Car Door Closes, Engine Starts] [No Audible Dialogue] [No Audible Dialogue] How was the golf game? Oh, I only played nine holes. I'd had a 34 though If I hadn't missed a couple of putts. Oh, what did you shoot? Forty—eight. Hey, Beaver. — Do you think you could stay awake until we finish dinner? —Yes, Dad. And look at those hands. What have you been doing, playing in the mud all afternoon? — Yes, Dad. — Well, I think you'd better get right upstairs— Ward. Ward, he's a little tired. Leave him alone, huh? Well, it seems to me Wally is the one who should be tired. — Me, Dad? — Yeah, it was a great job you did on the lawn. Best I’ve ever seen it —Well, about the lawn— —I think he did a swell job too, Dad. Wally's the best lawn mower in the whole world. [Phone Ringing] I'll get it. [Ring] Well, now, about the lawn— Pass the bread? Thank you. Now, Dad, about the lawn— Look, Wally, I already said it was a great job. I expect it is worth another half a buck. Wally, it's for you. Whew. Is there something going on here I don't know about? — Why, of course not, Ward. — Of course not, Ward. I mean, Dad. Hello? Oh, hello, Penny. Sorry to bother you, Wally. Daddy brought home a stack of new records tonight. Oh. I thought maybe you'd like to hear them. Well, gee, I'd like to, but I can't. You going someplace with your parents or something? No, I'm gonna take my little brother fishin'. Well, I'm sure I can find someone... who doesn't have to play nursemaid to a grubby little infant. [Line Clicks] Listen, Penny, my brother isn't any grubby little— Hello? Hello. I don't know. It just doesn't seem right, you and Beaver doing Wally's work for him yesterday. Well, you know the Beaver, he'd do anything for Wally. After all, it paid off. Wally took him fishing today. How about you? Working on the lawn pay off for you? Look at your hands. [Chuckles] Yes, it looks like Wally having a girlfriend's gonna be rough on the whole family. Real good fishin' today, huh, Wally? [Sighs] Yeah. — Wally. — What do you want now? You didn't really wanna come fishin’, did you? —Well, I'm here, aren't I? — Yes. But it's not the same like it used to was. Sure it is, Beave. We'll catch a lot offish. You just took me fishing 'cause I cut the lawn, didn't you? No, Beaver, I came fishin' 'cause I wanted to come fishin'. You'd rather see that girl, wouldn't ya? Listen, I brought you fishin'. Now let's shut up and fish. I couldn't see that girl If I wanted to. We had a fight You hit her? No, we had a fight on the phone. Oh. Was it about taking me fishin'? What difference does it make? No girl's gonna tell me what to do. Even if she is the prettiest girl in dancing class. Hi; Dad H i, Beaver. Hello, Herbie. | see you and Wally got back early. Yeah, we came home. Wally's out drying the lines. Well, Mother wanted me to tell you to get ready for lunch. Uh, incidentally, Beaver, I'm glad you caught a couple offish, but, in the future, I'd appreciate it If you wouldn't put them on top of the ice cubes. No idea what it does to iced tea. Dad? Yeah? Can I ask you a problem? What is it, a school problem? No, this is a make—believe problem. Oh. Okay, make—believe. Make—believe you and Mom had a fight. What would you do? Oh, you mean last Thurs— Now, Beaver, you know your mother and I don't have fights. Oh, I know that, Dad, but make—believe you had a fight. What would you do? Well, I'd probably check in at the “Y“ till she came to her senses. What if Mom was real, real mad, what would you do then? Well, I'd apologize, even though I was probably in the right. And uh, then I’d bring her a gift. You know, kind of a peace offering. Something 'spensive? No, not necessarily. Uh, but something of, you know, that had real value. Not necessarily monetary value but, uh, sentimental value. You know, something really important. 0kay? Thanks, Dad. Okay. Did you tell the boys about lunch? Yeah. Hey, June, uh— Havel done anything to make you angry? You mean today? Yeah. No. That's what I thought. But last Thursday— Never mind. Never mind. I appreciate you. It sure is swell of you to wrap that box for me, Miss Higgins. I'll fix it up real pretty, Beaver. With a red ribbon and a bow. Just like it was Christmas. Gee, thanks. It's a real gift. Not “money—tary" value, just “sentinental.” I see, “sentinental.” That's the best kind of a gift. It must be for someone special. — Could it be a girl? - Uh-huh. Girls make me sick to my stomach. — They do? — That's for my brother Wally's girl. He likes 'em. Well, I certainly hope she likes this gift. Here you are, Beaver. It's all done. Gee, it sure is pretty. Well— What did you do that for? He's gotta breathe, don't he? Well, Wally, I'm glad you're not angry at me, 'cause I really wasn't angry at you. Well, Penny, I thought you were. And I'm real glad you're not... angry. I'm sorry I said what I did About your brother being such a grubby little infant. He's not really so grubby. No, he's not so grubby at all. Well, I'll see you. [Doorbell Rings] Don't forget tomorrow. Good—bye—ee. [Doorbell Rings] Yes? I'm Wally's brother, Theodore. Oh, yes. How are you, little fellow? I'm okay. I brung you a gift from Wally. He's my brother. Oh, from Wally? — What a lovely package. — He had it gift wrapped special. —Well, you tell him thank you very much. — Okay. [Penny Screaming] [Rings] Hello? [Voice Speaking Quickly, Indistinct] Oh, hi, Penny. I'm real glad you're not mad— What's that? [Continues Indistinct] Now wait a minute. Wait a minute. Now,wait— Now listen, Penny, I don't care If you don't ever speak to me again. And you know something else? You got a face just like a flounder. Just like a flounder. Wally? Yeah, Beave? I was only trying to help. Yeah, I know. She didn't have to get so sore about it. I would have liked to have seen her face when she opened the box. Yeah, and looked straight into Herbie's bulging eyes. It must have scared her. It must have scared Herbie too. I'm sorry about Herbie, Beave, but I guess you can't go over there and ask for him back. Oh, that's okay. I can always get another toad. Sure you can, Beave. I guess I can always get another girl. Good night, Beave. Good night, Wally. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 