Making a Murderer: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Making a Murderer 
 s1e1 - Eighteen Years Lost - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Making a Murderer (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Eighteen Years Lost - full transcript 
 A man is charged for a crime he didn't commit. All the evidence points to some one else, so why don't the police investigate them? Small town, bad family name? A great miscarriage of justice is just the beginning for Steve Avery. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Here they come. Up the road. After 18 years. - How you doing? - Oh, hello. - How are you? - I'm pretty good. - How's it feel? - It feels wonderful. Oh, God! Stevie, you're home! I was happy when I got out. I probably was the happiest man on the earth. We knew he was innocent. We knew he was innocent. Law enforcement despised Steven Avery. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Steven Avery was a shining example of their inadequacies, their misconduct. No one ever intended to do anybody any harm by this. We firmly believed that we had the guilty party at the time. Welcome home! This was one of the biggest miscarriages of justice I ever saw in 20 years in criminal defense work and thousands of cases. It was like the same old Steve was back. I missed you. He was happy. He was smiling. But I did tell him, "Be careful." There was just something I felt. I said, "Manitowoc County's not done with you. They are not even close to being finished with you." 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Sync and corrections by explosiveskull www.addic7ed.com We filed Steven Avery's lawsuit about a year after the DNA had come through, indicating that he had not committed the crime. - Good morning. - You got a new hairdo. - A little bit. - I didn't recognize you. The defendants are Manitowoc County, Thomas Kocourek, who was the sheriff at the time in 1985, and Denis Vogel, the district attorney of Manitowoc County, again at the time in 1985. There is a distinction in the law between simple mistakes for which officers like that are immune, and purposeful conduct that violates constitutional rights, for which they're not immune. Just a little bit more waiting. I waited long enough. A little bit more ain't gonna bother me. We're seeking compensation for the loss of his freedom and punitive damages for the reckless or indifferent behavior of the defendants. That there's some justice around yet. Even though there's no guarantee that Steven Avery will win this case, he says it's still worth going through the trial, just to hold somebody accountable for taking 18 years of his life. They had the evidence back then that I didn't do it... but nobody said anything. I don't see what I really did wrong to the sheriff for him to pick on me like that. The only thing I can think of is I ran my cousin off the road. We're on the record in the matter of Avery v. Manitowoc County. Would you raise your right hand, please, to be sworn in? Do you solemnly swear the testimony you're about to give will be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God? Yes. Ma'am, I'm gonna show you a report about Steven Avery, indecent exposure. It indicates that there was a complaint received September 20th, 1984. It says that "he has been known to masturbate on the hood of the car as she's driving past." Do you see that? - Yes. - Did you tell that to the police? Um... I didn't put it in that many words. I didn't... He didn't masturbate on the hood of my car, but he did come out in front of my car and he was... doing his thing. This is why you're driving 40 miles an hour by his house? He did... He did run out towards the road. He was prepared. He had it all ready. OK. It then says "he has had sexual relations - with his wife out on the lawn..." - That, I have nothing... Let me just finish the question. "...while all the neighbors are home in the daytime and able to watch." - That, I didn't say at all. - OK. Do you have any explanation for why whoever is writing this might say that you said that? - I don't know. - OK. Was there a period where you were spending time in a nearby tavern - and talking about Steven Avery? - I might've. - I might've went to several taverns. - All right... In 1985, were you personally friendly with Steven Avery? No. In fact, you actively disliked him. - Is that right? At that time. - Yes. OK. And you weren't quiet about it. The people that were close to Steve knew he was harmless. He was always happy, happy, happy. Always laughing. Always wanted to make other people laugh. I think the people in the outside community viewed him as an Avery. You know, viewed him as troublemaker. You know, "There goes another Avery. They're all trouble." Manitowoc County is working-class farmers. And the Avery family, they weren't that. They dealt in junk. They had a salvage yard. They lived on Avery Road. I mean, they had their own road and stuff. They didn't dress like everybody else, they didn't have education like other people, they weren't involved in all the community activities. I don't think it ever crossed their mind that they should try to fit into the community. They fit into the community they had built, and that was enough. Growing up with all them cars, you know, it was pretty fun. Tearing them apart, fixing them... running around in the trails, in the rows of the cars. Once, we had a car up there in the back with the motor out and everything else and we had a bed back there and then we had a battery in it, so we could listen to the radio, talk, goof around. You know, I had a nice childhood. The family sticks together. They have a very strong sense of family. They support each other. Um... They do a number of things that are quite admirable. But they have also been in trouble from time to time. Nothing like the problems that Steven's been in. I really ain't got much on my record. Two burglaries with my friends. We just rode around, get something to do. And we decided to rob a tavern and that... was the first time that I got busted with them friends. Another mistake I did... I had a bunch of friends over, and we were fooling around with the cat... and, I don't know, they were kind of negging it on and... I tossed him over the fire... and he lit up. You know, it was the family cat. I was young and stupid and hanging around with the wrong people. Stevie did do a lot of stupid things. But he always, always owned up to everything he did wrong. He never said, "No it wasn't me." He said, "Yeah, it was me. I did it." And paid his fine, sat in jail, whatever it was and it was no big deal. He... Let's get on with life then. She was pretty, beautiful, that's what I thought. She had a good head on her shoulders. She was making it on her own. And she had Jason. Jason was just a baby. And she told me that his father didn't want nothing to do with him. So, I says, "I'll take over, then." Family's partway made. So I'm like, "Well, I might as well give it a shot." July 24, 1982, a judge married us. Then after that, her ma and dad threw a little wedding party there in the garage. From there, the kids. Rachel was born. I didn't see her born because I was locked up for that cat incident. It kinda sucked. You know, you're supposed to be bringing your kid into the world... and then you gotta miss it. And then Jenny, I seen Jenny born. I think I had a... a good life. Till all the trouble started. Sandy Morris and Bill Morris, they were always picking on Stevie, more or less, you know. Saying stuff about Steve that... that wasn't true. And Steve didn't like that, you know. But I told Steven, "Leave it alone." In 1985, do you remember the morning in January when you were forced off the road by Steven? Yes. The interview is being conducted January 3, 1985, by Detective Larry Conrad of the Manitowoc County Sheriff's Department. Steve, I'd like to ask you if you would explain in your own words exactly what happened. It was 4:30, quarter to 5, and I let the dog out and started up the cars to warm them up and... I seen her come by and then I went down the road and I just pulled alongside of her. And then we hit and she went into a little skid. Did she ever go down into the ditch? No. OK, once she stopped her car, what was the next thing you did? I got out, and I grabbed a gun and she asked me what I was doing. - Was your gun loaded? - No, it was empty. The shells were at home. And you know Sandy Morris personally? Is she a relative of yours? Yeah. Steve, can you tell me in your own words why you ran Sandy off the road and pointed a gun at her? Because she was spreading rumors that I was on the front lawn and on the road, bare ass, and she was telling everybody about it and it wasn't true. - Was this bothering you? - Yeah. Did you feel by taking the type of action you did earlier today that this would stop the problem? I was hoping, yeah. Steven's actions didn't get what he was hoping. Sandy Morris happened to be married to a Manitowoc County sheriff's deputy. And she immediately went to the Sheriff's Department and filed a complaint... that minimized her involvement in provoking the incident and maximized the alleged danger. I got his old records. It was usually my practice to get all the information I could on the client. Steven's school records showed that he had barely functioned in school. And one of the things I remember was that his IQ was 70. Which gave me an idea of his coping skills and why that action made sense to him. I didn't know what to do, how to handle it. You know, 'cause it was putting too much pressure on me. People would come up to me and say, "You're doin' that? You're doin' that?" No. Not in the middle of winter. In the middle of the road? It made me look like a... like I was a no good person. Why did she start that? I have no idea. But I don't think it was very nice of her. Just 'cause you're married to law enforcement doesn't give you the right to... to take somebody's name down like that. That was just wrong. The Sheriff's Department responded by really going after this case heavily. More heavily than I think they would've if it was somebody else. I think Steven was a representative in that case of the entire Avery family and how the Sheriff's Department saw them as kind of a problem and definitely, uh, undesirable members of the community, for lack of a better term. And the Morris case gave them a chance to claim a violent felony had been committed by one of the Averys. And of course... the Sheriff's Department and the DA took it and ran. I don't want to be a criminal. I want to be normal. After Lori had the twins, he came over to my parents' house instead of taking poor Lori home. You know, with them twin boys and the girls. He had to come over to my parents' and show us, you know, his happy, healthy baby boys. Grin on his face from ear to ear, I think, forever. He probably still has a grin when you talk about the boys. He was over the moon. He was just so proud. And he was proud of Lori. He was proud that she wanted him and married him and all those kinds of things. He just thought his life was set. Really, he did. And that makes what happened all the worse. July 29th, 1985. It was a warm, sunny day, and Penny Beerntsen and her husband went to the beach on Lake Michigan. About 3:00 that afternoon, Penny started jogging north along Lake Michigan. She passed a person who was wearing a black leather jacket. Now, it was summer and it was 85 degrees probably. So it was an odd thing. And he said something to the effect of, "It's a nice day for a jog, isn't it?" Penny was on her way back, and she could see ahead of her that same man that she had passed earlier. And he was directly in her path. To get away from him, she ran into the water. But he grabbed her and dragged her off into the woods. He knocked her down. She was clawing at him, and he attempted to rape her, but he didn't succeed in penetrating her. He ripped her clothes off, he sexually assaulted her, he beat her up and basically left her for dead. It was just real horrific. The kind of injuries she had to her upper body could only be done if someone's basically in your face. So it was very personal. After Mrs. Beerntsen was taken to the hospital, it turned out that Sandra Morris' friend, Judy Dvorak, was the deputy sheriff who was assigned to go to the hospital, and this is where the Sandra Morris matter makes a difference, because when Penny Beerntsen describes her assailant, Judy Dvorak says, "That sounds like Steven Avery." Judy Dvorak lived across the road from him at that time. And she definitely did not like Steven. She had no use for him at all. And I think that boils down to the fact that her and Sandy Morris were close, very close friends. You're the one who prepared the incident report and asked Mrs. Beerntsen to read it and sign it. - Yes, sir. - All right. "Beerntsen told Deputy Dvorak and the sheriff that she was unable to read the statement because of her blurred vision. Beerntsen was told to sign the document anyhow." Did you tell Mrs. Beerntsen to sign the document anyhow? I do not remember ever saying that. Did Sheriff Kocourek tell Mrs. Beerntsen to sign the document anyhow? I have no recollection of ever hearing that. I was told by other detectives that, at that point, they've got a photograph of Stevie from the old jail records. They brought it down, and the chief deputy, Eugene Kusche that time, made a composite drawing of that photograph, rather than doing it from her memory. And then they showed that to Mrs. Beerntsen... who said, "Yeah, that's him." Then they took that jail photograph and did a photo lineup. And Mrs. Beerntsen picked out that photograph. I mean, if you look at Penny Beerntsen's original description, as far as height, weight, eye color, all kinds of stuff, Steven did not fit that description. Steven's hair didn't fit, the build, everything. He didn't fit that description. But Judy Dvorak said he did. I mean, wow. So they show Penny Beerntsen Steven's picture, and then she sees a lineup later and Steven is the only person she's seen before. Plus, she had the sheriff's deputy saying, "Gee, I think it sounds like this guy." That's pretty suggestive. Mr. Kusche, I have one large framed composite drawing, if we could bring that up on the table and put it in camera range. Yes, sir. - Did you cause this to be framed? - Yes, sir. OK. Why'd you do that? It was my first composite. It was the only one I ever did that was used in a court case. And I thought it'd make a interesting, uh... display in my office. Would you agree with me that it's pretty remarkably coincidental that that would depict Steven Avery's January 1985 mug photo, which was available to you that evening? One, the photo wasn't available to me. - No? - No. It wasn't in the array? - After I drew the sketch, I saw it. - OK, so it was available to you. - No. - It was around that evening, it had been brought over from the jail to the hospital, right? - I don't know when it arrived. - You're just saying... You're telling us under oath you didn't look at it. I'm telling you I didn't see it and I didn't know if it was there before I started the sketch either. My sketch is what the victim had me draw... - Right. - ...as what she saw. We were able to present embarrassingly, the difference between an older photograph and what we then had, which was the photograph from that night as to how Steven Avery actually looked. That opened the door to us being able to argue that Kusche drew the composite from the photograph of Steven Avery that was already in their files. And to argue that... that never would've happened without the sheriff's participation as well. In other words, they made the case against Steven Avery that night themselves. The sheriff told me "I got you now" when I got to jail. And the other cops couldn't do nothing. Nobody could do nothing. He had all the power. The public defender's office got a list every day of who had been arrested the night before. And that was so the public defender could go in and make sure they had an attorney for their first appearance. But Steven's name wasn't on the list. And the only reason I knew he was in jail... and they knew I was his lawyer, because Manitowoc was a small town... Lori called me and told me he was in jail. So I went over and asked to see him. And the deputy told me that the sheriff had ordered that Steven's name not be on the jail list, that he not be allowed any access to the phone, which is illegal, that he not be allowed any visitors, and that he be held in a cell block all by himself so he could have no contact with anybody. The sheriff didn't want him to be able to talk to anybody, including a lawyer. And I never ever saw that before or since. I mean, he had a right to have a phone call, he had a right to have an attorney. He had a right to be treated just like anybody else. That Penny Beerntsen case was just treated so differently from day one, and it had already started with the whole Morris case. Morning news. A Maribel area man remains in the Manitowoc County jail without bail today in connection with the brutal beating and the sexual assault of a Manitowoc woman yesterday afternoon. 23-year-old Steven Avery was denied bail on a motion of Manitowoc County District Attorney Denis Vogel, who cited Avery's past record. This is not only a violent sexual assault, it's a violent sexual assault of someone who is a leader of the community. I mean, a shining example of what Manitowoc would like its citizens to be. The Beerntsens owned commercial enterprises that were popular and occupied a central place in the town. Tom Beerntsen was described as being one of the best things to happen to Manitowoc in the last decade. The Beerntsens were clearly people of substance in that community. When this happened, I think the sheriff just wanted to get quick results and get a suspect behind bars. It was the only time in 20 years of criminal defense practice that I ever saw a sheriff that involved in a case from day one. I was absolutely devastated. It's like, why would they arrest Steve for that? That was so out of his character. People believed he did it, though, because he was an Avery. Whatever I learned about the case, any of the notions that I had personally, uh... came from the police and the courts. Each morning you see if there's anything going on in the Sheriff's Department. I knew Tom Kocourek well. I knew District Attorney Denis Vogel quite well because we visited with him on cases all the time. He was kind of a part of our newsbeat. So Steven Avery was on that beat. We get acquainted with all the regular names and he was one of them. When his name came up as the guy that they were holding, it was... Oh, that would be within, you know, that's in character. The event involving the deputy sheriff's wife was still pending. And I think that was on everybody's mind. The case really turned on the fact that violence was a real, recurring, regular part of his life, that women seemed to be the victims. There isn't one iota of physical evidence in this case that connects Steven Avery to it. The sheriff was told by the police, "You have the wrong guy. You need to be aware about this Gregory Allen." Gregory Allen, who had a long criminal history for sexual crimes, for the use of violence, was operating on an escalating basis in the Manitowoc area. So much so that the city of Manitowoc Police Department was actually surveilling Gregory Allen on a daily continuing basis. However, as fate would have it, on the afternoon of July 29th, the officers assigned to do the surveillance were called to investigate other crimes. So at the very time that Mrs. Beerntsen was assaulted, Gregory Allen was not under surveillance. Needless to say, when the story surfaced amongst the police communities, detective Thomas Bergner from the Manitowoc City Police Department went to see the sheriff and disclosed to him this information respecting Gregory Allen. Essentially, the sheriff told him not to bother, that they had their man, Steven Avery. Now, in our opinion, that fact alone is bad enough. But more than that fact alone, three women in the district attorney's office, based on their knowledge of Gregory Allen, they thought that the police had the wrong person, and they told their boss, District Attorney Denis Vogel, "You've got the wrong guy. It's not Steven Avery, it's Gregory Allen." Tom Kocourek told Stevie, "I don't care if you did this or if you didn't do it. I'm gonna get you for it." Now, is that anything to say to anybody? And what did he do? That goddamn Denis Vogel, and that son of a bitchin' Hazlewood, the judge... Steve had 22 witnesses at least. And there was one of them right there. And every one of us were called fabricators, liars. If the alibi witnesses were believed, there would be no way to find him guilty. Steve Avery was accounted for every minute, from about 1:30 that afternoon until, um... you know, at least 5:00. The victim was sexually assaulted at approximately 3:50. All of these alibi witnesses testified that on the day of the assault, Steve Avery was helping his parents and other family members pour concrete at the salvage yard. The cement truck arrived sometime between 1:00 and 2:00. Witnesses testified either that they were out working with him, pouring the concrete, or they were in the house watching Divorce Court from 3:00 to 3:30 and saw Steve Avery immediately afterwards. Steve Avery then took his sister in his four-by-four car out to a local gravel pit. They got stuck out there, they had to dig it out. They got back right around 4:00. At that point, Steve Avery picked up his wife and his children. He had two very young babies that had just been born a few days earlier. And then they went to Green Bay. It was about a 35 minute drive to Green Bay. They washed the car, they got something to eat, they went to the Shopko store. Evidence was presented of a receipt giving the time at 5:13, and when he came back from Green Bay with his wife, he called his brother Earl to have him come over and help do some drywall in his house. And that they did that in the evening, finally going to bed, which is about the time that the police then arrive. When I kicked him, he said, "Now you're gonna die, now I'm gonna kill you." And what did he do then? Then he put his hands on my neck, and he started choking me very hard. Penny Beerntsen was everything that Steven wasn't. Smart, educated, well-to-do, church-going lady, a business owner, involved in community affairs. So just think of the two of them, side by side. Mrs. Beerntsen, she's a very good witness. She was very positive. She stated that she'd made a point when the crime was being committed of remembering who it was who was doing this to her. And, uh, that... that carried the day. Were you able to pick out anyone in that live line-up? Yes, I was. And do you have an opinion as to whether or not the person you picked out in the live line-up is the same as the person you picked out today? - Yes, it is the same person. - And are you positive of that? I am absolutely positive. The whole thing was a nightmare. How do you think a man feels? You see your son sitting right there, and he's... and he's saying, the tears are coming out of his eyes... "I didn't do it." He said... "I'm innocent. I didn't do it." And you know he didn't do it. You were with him, you know. It's hard to take. In Wisconsin, the way the parole system was set up is if you didn't admit your guilt, you did not get paroled. And of course Steven didn't admit his guilt because he wasn't guilty. So that meant he wasn't gonna get paroled. He watched people who actually had murdered somebody walk out. And he sat there. If I did it, I'll admit right away. I'll take the punishment, I'll do the time. But I don't break for something I didn't do. I'll stay strong. I'll never fail. Dolores would take the kids to see Stevie about sometimes two or three times a week. To Green Bay and that, you know, to see Steve. A lot of times I was by myself, but I'd still go. Just to go see him. It was Fox Lake, Green Bay, - Tennessee and Stanley. - At the end there... I used to go to all of them, even if it was icy. I drove on clear ice. With Lori, I suppose it was hard for her to watch the kids. That was a bunch of kids to watch. And she was alone. I don't know if she thought he would ever get out or not. With me and my wife, it was tough. We was fighting. She'd tell me she can't take it no more. And she started with she was gonna kill the kids, then commit suicide and everything else. A lot of back and forth, a lot of hate and... I wrote some bad letters. It lasted about three years... and then I told her to go for the divorce. You know, we just got where... we didn't care about each other or nothing. He loved Lori and he loved the kids. But he ended up with nothing. When she took the kids away from me then... I tried to stay busy, I kept my mind occupied. Like when I was in Green Bay, I did auto body for nine years. All day, I got my mind working on cars and paint and everything else. But then when that's all done, come back and take a shower and then you sit in a room and listen to the bars. His mother and dad stuck by him the most. Mainly his mother. Mainly his mother. She stuck by him all those years he was in prison. So did my brother. All the money they had, it went towards getting him out of prison, saying he was innocent. Steven and his parents came to us, I think at the stage that, you know, they decided this was kind of their one last gasp. The problem was that virtually all the issues that would arise from the conviction itself had already been litigated and had already been decided adversely to Steven. It essentially came down to a requirement that we come up with some newly discovered evidence. Rob Henak had to root around in the Manitowoc courthouse, eventually having the clerks help find boxes. And then going through the boxes and finding samples of things. We noted that the sex crimes kit had been completed and that there were the fingernail scrapings that had been collected at the time. The science of DNA at that stage hadn't developed sufficiently. So nobody had really ever done anything with them. We had the fingernail scrapings tested by Lab Corporation of America, and in 1995, with the testing they're able to do, they're able to limit all the population of the world into particular groups, based on what are called alleles. Each of us has two alleles. Steve Avery and the victim have the same alleles. However, they found three alleles in the fingernail scrapings. Two of them that matched Steve Avery's and the victim's, and one that didn't match either of them. Meaning there had to be DNA from a person not Steve Avery under her fingernails. Our argument was that a jury could look at this evidence and decide that it was most likely the perpetrator. And when you look at all the other evidence tied together, the alibi evidence, the fact that the victim was wrong about the eye color, the fact that the victim identified the perpetrator as wearing white underwear when Steve Avery didn't even own underwear, that those kind of things would create a reasonable probability of a different result. In this instance, the DNA evidence... requires that the court speculate. Regardless of which side I look at and which argument I hear. The court accepted the state's argument that since we couldn't prove whose DNA it was, we couldn't discount the fact that this could've been her husband's DNA, one of the medical personnel's DNA, the couple that found Penny Beerntsen on the beach and comforted her and clothed her while they were waiting for, uh, medical assistance. Um... And, I mean, in my mind, and certainly in Rob's mind, all of that was preposterous because Penny Beerntsen had never said that she scraped any of those people or had any reason to claw at them. Nonetheless, the court ruled against us. The court of appeals ruled against us. The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled against us. And if you ever want to read an opinion, by the way, that will show you how strongly this system is designed to perpetuate a conviction, as opposed to examine whether or not somebody could in fact be innocent, read the court of appeals decision in Steven Avery's case. You would think that this was the guiltiest person that had ever been uncovered in a criminal case in Wisconsin. It's now '96 or '97. You have exhausted every legal proceeding that is... remotely available to you. You've now been in this system for 12 years. You are a son who cares deeply about his parents. And his parents are getting older and older while he's sitting in this joint, who cares about his kids who are getting older and older. The pressure of that on a person to... wrongfully confess, if you will, and to say, "OK, look, um... I've... I've fought the good fight, I've gone through all my appellate stuff, I'm not getting anywhere with it, it's time to level with you guys. I really did this crime." I mean, those pressures have gotta be more intense than we can imagine. They always told me, "If you admit to it, we'll let you out. Otherwise, you'll be here until your MR." You know? So I guess I'll be in here 'til my MR, 'cause I ain't gonna admit to it. I'm not gonna lie. Here's the court of appeals. Sentencing papers. This one must've been in... '98. I sent transcripts out. A whole bunch of them. I made ten copies. Sit in the living room and done it on the copy machine. Then I put the pieces, each on the table to make ten, you know, ten of them. It was nerve-racking. I think there's about a thousand pages in 'em. This one went to New York. They went all over. Wherever 60 Minutes is or 20/20 or... I can't remember the other ones all. All them things that's on TV always. I thought they'd help Steven to get out if they read all this here script stuff. Then all of a sudden we got a lot of 'em back, though. They couldn't do it, they said, or something like that. Yeah, I put a lot of hours in these boxes. You learn to take patience, because everything... it takes time. In prison, you gotta wait. Nothing happens just like that. Anyway, they couldn't take away my love for my family and that. I never had bad hopes. It was always good hopes. Both his trial lawyer and his appellate lawyer said, "Could you look at this guy's case, at Steven Avery's case? We've been losing sleep over this case for 15 years." We knew the technology had advanced, so we asked for the testing again. The material was sent down to the crime laboratory again, and what they found was that there were 13 pubic hairs that had been collected during the pubic hair combings of the victim. Eleven of those hairs had no root. So they were down to two pubic hairs. One of those hairs was from a female, probably Penny Beerntsen's own hair. The truth in this matter came down to that one remaining pubic hair. They got a full profile. That profile conclusively excluded Steven Avery. It could not have come from him. Now we know that with certainty. Whether that alone would've been enough to grant him a new trial, I don't know. But even more dramatically, they took that profile from that pubic hair and they ran it through the state crime laboratory data bank and they got a cold hit. That is to say, they matched it to somebody in the data bank who they didn't know was in there. And that somebody was Gregory Allen. I feel free. When I left the prison, the anger left. It was gone. It stayed there, behind them gates. It didn't come out with me. I was happy when I got out. I probably was the happiest man on the Earth. - How you doing? - Oh, hello. - How are you? - I'm pretty good. - How's it feel? - It feels wonderful. Oh, God! Oh, Stevie! Let's get rid of this thing. I'm just glad they got the guy who did it. Do you forgive the victim? It ain't at all her fault, you know. Honest mistake, you know. I mean, most the time, I think the cops put it in her head more. Who's this? I don't know. The revelation hit the DA's office and the sheriff's office like a bomb. And as it began to unfold what had happened, there was then a huge set of repercussions on a whole series of people in those offices. The day of or the day after Steven's release, law enforcement officers in Manitowoc are writing memos to describe activity that had occurred almost ten years earlier. They don't do that unless they feel threatened. When I called Denis Vogel to tell him the news that Steven Avery wasn't guilty of assaulting Penny Beerntsen, I was expecting to hear some shock or some surprise, like, "Oh, my goodness. How did this happen?" or "I feel terrible about it" or... "Thank goodness the DNA proved it." But I didn't hear any of that from Mr. Vogel. What I heard instead was a question, whether or not there was anything on Gregory Allen in his file. I couldn't believe it. I mean, it showed me two things. It showed me that he suspected that Gregory Allen was the assailant. But it also showed me... I didn't know how else to take it, other than that he was worried about his exposure. That something about Gregory Allen was in his file. I started leafing through Denis Vogel's file on Avery and I come across a criminal complaint. "State of Wisconsin v. Gregory Allen" in the Avery file, which didn't make a lot of sense. It was a charge of lewd and lascivious behavior. He had dropped his shorts, he exposed himself and he lunged at this woman. And it was the same basic section of the beach where Penny Beerntsen was assaulted two... two years later. Um, and I looked at which prosecutor had prosecuted Gregory Allen earlier, and it was Denis Vogel. That was evidence that at least made it possible that the DA and the sheriff either knew or should have known that Steven Avery was not the assailant. And not only that, we believe there was the potential that they knew, in fact, who the assailant was, but continued with the prosecution. We needed for somebody else to look at it and the logical office would be the Attorney General's office. It's extraordinarily significant that a prosecutor asks the Attorney General, the chief prosecutor of the state, to investigate his own department and law enforcement in that community. That doesn't happen. Would you tell us what your occupation is, please? I am a special agent with the Wisconsin Department of Justice Division of Criminal Investigation. What are your duties as a special agent? To investigate crimes relating to misconduct in office. And you were one of two DCI agents to work on an investigation involving the prosecution in 1985 - of Steven Avery, is that right? - Yes. We wanted to interview everybody we could identify as being involved in the investigation or in the prosecution. Understand, this is all happening in public view. The public knew an Attorney General's investigation was underway. And there was a sense that law enforcement may be vulnerable here, and probably feeling it, uh... because God knows there were numerous editorials, articles, all of which had the theme of "How could this happen?" The stories of mine that broke some new ground were the ones that documented how quickly Steven Avery was a suspect and then how Gregory Allen was not considered. I went through a lot of police records about Gregory Allen and kind of built a chronology of his contacts with law enforcement. Police in Manitowoc had followed him for 13 straight days where they were making multiple checks on him, as many as 14 times a day, because he had been implicated in several sex-related crimes. After Steven Avery was already arrested, had already been identified twice, the police department contacted Penny Beerntsen. She was shocked and confused and contacted the Sheriff's Department herself to ask, "What about this Gregory Allen?" This isn't just about an innocent guy being locked up. It's about a dangerous rapist being out on the streets doing what he wanted to do. It was a hot end-of-June day in 1995, and I was laying on the couch after I put my daughter to bed and had fallen asleep. It was roughly 4:00 in the morning. Gregory Allen broke into my home. He had taken the towel, apparently, I guess, off the clothesline, threw it over my head and then dragged me from the living room to the bedroom. He pretty much forced himself as far as oral sex. It felt like an eternity at the moment. I was afraid my daughter, the next morning, would find me in a pool of blood. But... thank God it didn't... It... We're OK. The judge that I had during sentencing said, "If I could put you away for life, I would, but unfortunately I can only give you the maximum," which was 60 years. And he was around 47 at the time that this happened, so... I don't think he'll... be able to harm anyone ever again. Bergner went and talked to Kocourek about Gregory Allen, right? Correct. No report was prepared by Kocourek about the information that was brought to him by Bergner, is that right? That's correct. Kocourek tells you that he did not think that the Sheriff's Department knew who Gregory Allen was in 1985. Correct. That was inconsistent with Allen having been booked into the jail - and photographed in 1984. - Correct. So if the sheriff had wanted to see a photo of Allen in 1985, all he had to do was go to his own jail and find it? Correct. You and Deb tell the lawyers that it appears that there was "no real investigation done" by the Sheriff's Department, and "they had a suspect and they were gonna make it work." And that what's a little troubling to you is the lack of paperwork that's done - and so forth. - Deb would've wrote that. OK, but she's speaking for the two of you. Yes, I believe she was speaking for the two of us. And was that your opinion at the time? Yeah, I think that was our opinion at the time. In fact, it turned out from all of your investigation that this one was handled differently. It appeared from this investigation that the sheriff was really involved in this one, which wasn't the norm. "The sheriff told the DA not to screw this case up because the sheriff wanted Avery convicted of this crime." The tables were turning entirely, and the changes were all in Steven's favor. We thought what had happened to Steven Avery would have justified the Attorney General's Office into... uh, frankly, into bringing criminal charges, but certainly warranted a pretty strong condemnation. State Attorney General Peg Lautenschlager says her department conducted an exhaustive review of police and trial records and had interviews with the victim, police, prosecutors, and defenders. Her conclusion? We don't see that there are any criminal actions against somebody or criminal missteps. There don't seem to be any ethical violations. They said there was no wrongdoing with them. Then I wouldn't have did 18 years if they didn't do nothing wrong. They did everything wrong. The state's 15-page review concludes that, at worst, the Sheriff's Department failed to investigate Allen, all little consolation to Avery. I was hoping they were gonna do something to Manitowoc County... and set them straight so they don't do it again. When I saw the Justice Department report, it was like, they kind of said, "Well, yeah, they did these things that were wrong. Oh, you know, but they kind of had good intentions," or some crap like that. "So we don't really think anything further is justified." It's like, what a crock of shit. People did a lot of wrong things, and a man's life suffered. How can that not be... worth anything? I don't think Steven had any alternative but to bring the lawsuit. There was never going to be law enforcement recognition and acceptance of responsibility. There was never going to be law enforcement held accountable. I just didn't think that was going to happen, and it sure as hell wasn't gonna happen after the AG's report. I mean, I'm... I'm amazed that sitting in Milwaukee we couldn't hear the sigh of relief coming out of Manitowoc as soon as that AG's report came out. Sometimes it just makes me sick, just hearing about it and what they all did. Everything they did wrong should come back at 'em. They weren't just gonna let Stevie out. They weren't gonna hand that man $36 million. They weren't gonna be made a laughingstock, that's for sure. They just weren't gonna do all that. And something in my gut said they're not done with him. Something's gonna happen. They're not handing that kind of money over to Steve Avery. We told him he could expect people would say that this was just a get-rich effort. That family private matters would now be public, and, you know, don't be too surprised if people say some things about you that you've never even heard before, that are just plain false. The one thing we didn't tell him is that you have to be careful when you bring a lawsuit against a Sheriff's Department in a community where you still live, because you could end up getting charged with murder. Do we have a body or anything yet? I don't believe so. Do we have Steven Avery in custody though? Sync and corrections by explosiveskull www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 