Bordertown: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bordertown 
 s2e1 - Viiden sormen harjoitus 1/2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bordertown (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Viiden sormen harjoitus 1/2 - full transcript 
 Five Finger Exercise Part 1. A double murder triggers an investigation that takes Kari Sorjonen across the border. Sorjonen notices that the past is not where he once left it. Season 2 begins. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Netflix original series Think about it when you came here. You walked upstairs here. Do you remember how many steps do we have? 48. Consider the little alphabet. If we assume that A is 1, B is 2 - and so on. If you add the letters together from the word "Forty-eight", how much do you get 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 269. Okay, you can open your eyes. Would that go right? -What do you think? -Went. But you tested something other than numeracy. Really? Kari, what is it? I got this job from my father. Can I watch it? It's mine. -How long have you tried to solve it? -I got this last week. Physicists are reportedly trying solve this further. Isn't it frustrating you haven't got it resolved? I have yet to resolve this. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -It doesn't bully you? -No, because I still have a solution here. Classmates had closed Kari's classroom. They had somehow gotten to the back lock of the door. We have been spoken at home in the pattern that it is probably because that Kari has a habit of doing things in their own way. Yes. We were done during the meetings three different tests. I would suggest that we continue to meet. Of course, what is important for Kari is that that he is not put in situations which cause him to overload. But yes you should parents to prepare for that Kari will have problems getting in touch with others. And challenges in all things. FIVE FINGER EXERCISE 1/2 The cottage has terrible sprouts. It was raining yesterday. You know, that I don't want to meet Sun's father now. Not the road where we live. I throw wolves to school in the morning. I didn't take my homework. I didn't have to come. [Phone] Hey. You called Sonja Harkola, but I can't answer. Leave a message and we'll be back. Hi. Hi, Pauliina Sorjonen here. I came to the shelter, but to me it was said that you had already left. I just wanted to inquire that not you have no worries. Good evening. Hey. What's on that road? -Iltaa. -Iltaa. Onks something going on? Sonja? Sonja Harkola? -Yeah. -You probably won't remember. You lived in the early 2000s still in Kupchina? [Boy screams] Aaaa! Two victims, a mother and a son. Sonja Harkola and Sasha Harkola, 12 years. Kari, the last call to the victim came from the sun's wife. Sonja Harkola had received several calls earlier in the day - from an unknown number. He suspected he was an ex-man, with a restraining order. -How does it look? -The man was chasing Sonja, went to the car, shot his ex-wife and son. -Do you inject an ex-man ... -Tapani Harkola. Put in search? -Rocks? -Is that good for you? Isn't it worth putting in a search? Rocks? Is there something for the team? Something, which is worth considering. What do you think proves that ex-man is the factor? The family lived in a shelter and with a man was a verdict on domestic violence. And his wife said, that the ex-man bullied the victim over the phone. You must have photographed both tracks. Some heavy vehicle and the other is probably an SUV. -Here's the logging nearby. -New or old? -Pretty sharp and no oo drying. -Or? New. What about this pond? If the ex-man walked a ton of this, Sonja stopped and opened the window. It knew the man was life-threatening. To tell him to leave them alone. And the ex-man was terribly angry, and in the power of rage it dug its gun out of its breast pocket - and fired two neat shots his wife's chest. And two equally cool On the chest of his 12-year-old son. Why not? Think about why there are two traces here. Ponder, why was the window open. Then think about how the whole thing could have been done. And then think about how the act was done. And put it in the ex-man search. Hey, you're calling Paulina and you tell me about this? Not my job. My business is halia at home. [Pauliina] The shelter could be zoned - The neck-hotel and in connection with the airport project. To do that, we need to dismantle current shelter. It requires consent from the residents of the current house. There are 8 families. 5 are positive. 3 do not want to move out. The current shelter is located in the middle of our project. There has been talk with Paulina, that it should be got rid of. And this is what current families have received residence permit until the end of 2020. But this idea is mine and I take care of it, that we are obtained from all families demolition consent. So who is worth it? The tumor is located here between the cerebellum and the brainstem. Pretty precise. It is about 1 cm in diameter. Three weeks ago it was 8.5 mm. I had no symptoms. I think everything is under control. Unfortunately, the tumor does not go away. I last swore to myself, I will not go through it again. Unfortunately, the tumor does not go away. I swear, I will not go through the same thing again. And now black feels like there isn’t no reason to rush forward. Of course we are considered life situation as a whole. How about your husband, for example be able to take time off work. I'm not talking ... I haven't spoken to Kari yet. My own experience is that non-speaking follows stress and inconvenience. Ice. We have it the other way around. I don’t want to confuse our daily lives with this. I will say it straight now. It is not known if there will be symptoms in a month or tomorrow, but the symptoms will. The sooner you start treatment, The stronger you are to withstand the treatments. But when I don't know, am i going to start treatments. I just want to live as much as possible for a long time and normally. [phone] Pauliina Sorjonen. Oh, Taina. What's there? [Niko] The couple's divorce went to the district court. The man had that assault sentence. It got parole a year ago. Ex-wife Sonja Harkola and son Sasha got a place in the shelter. Ex-husband and father Tapani Harkola had stayed at the Citimotel. The wolf and hare applied to the station. [Niko] Oh yeah... The papers of justice were even in the case of that Tapani Harkola had fired at home ceiling, smashed. Kari, are you questioning? Let's give Niko, Niko has practiced. -Do you still have gun licenses? -Mmm. What weapons do you have? Deer rifle. Remington. Baikal, a pistol. Would it be possible for you to that brought man isn't behind this? That here's someone else? If I had to say so the crime scene pieces fit to another puzzle. [Niko] Also clarified bless the call details. That's what you called your ex-wife To Sonja Harkola that day. That's what I called. The call lasted two minutes. What work did you talk about? Mie en oo, fuck, do absolutely nothing! Always the same thing, always! 10 minutes after your call Sonja made another call. -That it said, they threatened it. -I see. Fuck! Same thing I say here. The work you have already finished, that man has done something. [Niko] Sit down now. This is how it goes in Finland. Although there are shelters and all. Tell me now, what work did you talk about on the phone. The forest road was ahead a heavy vehicle, tractor or truck. Sonja dared to open the window threat in. It is not afraid. The author shot two very accurate hit the mother and equally accurate the son. The author was not in the grip of emotions. The ex-man is pathologically jealous. Engaged in insults and humiliation. Violence is subjugation. Did not shoot the baby and wife neatly. Why didn't I tell you this at the crime scene? How does anyone learn anything if an answer is given to them? Or... -Will we release the suspect? -No. Better to keep in a tube. If a friend has been charged with killing a family, free it but beat someone innocent. [female] This is used as a replacement as a treatment when prevention has failed. Since you are over 15, you get the medicine without a prescription. If you are unfamiliar with the medicine, the tablet is taken orally. This is not a substitute for regular contraception. [Katia] I don't realize. You tend to be so adult, though in these things you are just a tollanen. -I'm getting a migraine from pills. -So you can't go to the counter. When you get a migraine. [phone] -Hello. - [man] Am I talking to Katia Jaakkola? -What about this? -My name is Seppo Laakkonen. I'll call the law firm Halmesarka and Laakkonen. My job is to ask if you want take a call from your father. So ... from whom? Want to talk to Sun's father? -When? -Now. Can I talk to it now? If you want, I'll let you know that you answer the call. The next call comes from him. Are you talking about Russia? -Yeah. -Do you want to answer the call? I'VE MISSED YOU - [Russia] Hi, this is Aleksandr. -Katia. Hey. I've been thinking about this for a long time, but it took a long time before I was able to call you. All right, I can start. I've been thinking about this for a long time. -Is it okay for me to start? -Suitable. I... I probably can't to tell you everything - during this call - and i don't ask everything what i want to know about you. But I... I don't even want to justify anything to anyone. I've been waiting for this moment ... Do you believe, Katia? Where are you? I Kresty prison. -I have one wish for you. -What? I received permission to meet you. If you want, you could come here and we could meet. Katia? Katia? [Kari] What about Katia? -I'm not telling you. -Mikset? Because if I tell you, you start toning it again - and I promised you not to tong. Well. Now you aroused my interest. May I ask one thing that might it seems you're not thinking too much? Well? I think mom is - somehow soon been ... It has retired to the sausage in the past. It has read and covered TV series. That’s its way of responding to stress. It's work stress. -No worries. -Ain't? No. It does say if it has something. A little too straight. -Hi! -Hi! You're always gone, when i needed sua. It's probably because - Edward A. Murphyn technician wiring error. Are all okay? [Pauliina] No oo. I got bad news today. Mom is shocked one death. It also affects that house project. This is probably the moment when the husband helps downhill. Thank you. As long as you catch that man. -Isn't that oo father's job? -It's my job. I do not get it, how can you do true work. Agree, never yours need to understand it. [Katia] I don't know, that it is alive. [Lena] I guess you don't really think that you would go there? It could be my father. Aleksandr Slavik is a bad person and I will meet many. How do you feel it? You know I can't talk work matters, although I would like to. But trust Muhu when I say that Aleksandr Slavik is evil. What have you done to it, can't you trust it? Get lost around you. Get lost, where did I come after the sun. Kato mua. Kato mua! Can I trust my mouth? Promise me that you don’t go to that meeting. [The phone vibrates.] I'm already wondering if you can wait tomorrow you tell me why Sonja's man seems innocent. Are you sure it's Sonja Vodjanova? The name is the same. I just didn't immediately recognize the face. First, Sonja Vodjanova is killed. Katia's father then contacts, on the next day. It's not a coincidence. This is all related to 2001. Lena. Sun has to say what happened that day. Sun needs to tell you what happened, when you found Katia. Area. Area. I had a Therapist, when i was a ton measure. It always said to me: "Kari, close your eyes. Sit down but describe what's going on. " Tell me. Close your eyes. Tell me, Lena. [Lena] in St. Petersburg - street store is - really well supervised. There was one cellan in Kuptšino occupied apartment building, where they made pills. It was... It was out of control. The FSB received a hint and my then supervisor Baran Valtserov - gave the order and ordered the attack. The order was to strike quickly. "Destroy everything." [Russia] Lower the gun! Immediately! No hell ... Come here suddenly! [Russia] Take away! [baby voice] [Kari] What happened in that attack? Where did you get such a bad carrot, that you raised a child to make up for it? Count the guns! Immediately! [Struck] Olga? Olga, get up. Olga, get up now. Get up now. Get up now, Olga. Are you looking for its parents? If we examine Sonja Harkola murder, the shortest way is to leave for St. Petersburg. And look for Aleksandr Slavek. [Lena] But Katia is kept outside. [Rocks] This is Var's thing, Var's investigation. This applies to you and me. RUSSIA'S LARGEST DRUGS "The drug boss got caught." It was considered the main culprit. Slavek was one of those who survived that evening. They had all died, there would be no one left to testify. So even before we came. A little different than serious crimes of the homeland. Just like that scale but is a little bigger. [Russia] Take off your jacket and shoes. Mouth. Mouth. [Kari sighs] [In Russian] -Do I know you? -We have met. I understand I saved that night your child. I want to talk to her, Lena. I want to know, why Sonja Vodjanova was killed. I'm not telling you anything, I don't trust you. I'm just talking to Katia. Please tell why Sonja was killed right now. I'm sitting here. I was taken away from life, family, wife and child. But you live in peace in Finland. You just stole my daughter. I'm not telling you anything. In that case, I can't help it. Not so. If I was you, I would study the past before I blame the others. [The phone vibrates.] Hello. I'm sorry. -Andrei! -Sorry, I have to go. [In Russian] -What gives us this honor? -Unfortunately it's not about that. I came to say that the FSB - does not want the Finnish police approaching Aleksandr Slavek. -Why not? -You know how this is going. And I ask you to stay away from this. Keep your daughter, too far from all this. I say this as well on behalf of my office as a friend. So go back to Finland. Thank you, Andrei. [girl] There are cops. They came in front of him. Seppo! -So? -There's a cop. [doorbell] Say to them that I am certain. [Seppo] Are you going to listen, what do they want I'm not here. [Niko] We are from the Serious Crimes Unit. -Can I go further? -Yep yep. [Taina] We would talk about Seppo Laakko. Is she your husband? Yeah, yes. Seppo is not home now. -I don't know where ... The phone stayed home. -Does you know where to reach him? I can ask him to come back, when he comes home. Can I ask what it's all about? Does the name Aleksandr Slavek say anything? No. [Niko] What about Sonja Harkola? My husband is a lawyer. He keeps customer secrecy. Unfortunately, I know nothing his affairs. [Robert] Janina, you can be proud of your mother. Of course I am. Pauliina has already done so great things for the city. And I believe that it will make it to the house forever. Regardless of what is decided at this table. I thought you were your father's daughter, but I guess I have to be a mother. - [Paul] How is your father anyway? -It's in St. Petersburg now. It's an amazing story. Siun has to tell it. My friend Katia - got a call a while ago from an unknown number. [Janina] The caller was its father, which it oo never meets, and suddenly it calls from Russia, prison. Why jail? That's what Kari is finding out now. If your friend needs help, let me know. The point it offers Degermanien legal aid and relations with Russia. - [Paul] Don't laugh. -No one laughs. This is about networking. For example, if your mother helps us in that project we can help sun mother in that house. -Were you serious about that message? -Oh where? That you're not going to stay here. Everything I want to do sometimes and what I want to study, is somewhere else. It would feel somehow - stupid to choose this place, when everything is still ahead. Or what? What does that mean for us? There is no need to mean that now nothing. [Pauliina] I meet all the families, but I wanted to meet the three first, -who don't want to move out. -Or two families? [Pauliina] If you mean Sonja and her son, we are still awaiting information from the authorities. That news - was horrible and ... The police have assured me that the case is not related to a shelter. We talked to the neighbors and upstairs with birches. We don't know what happened to Sonja and we do not want to change. This house has 8 apartments and ... There will still be a day when the house want to get out of the way of the casino project. I and the city want to make sure that a new house will certainly be built. [Achol's language] What does he say? That we need to change. Tell him we're not going to change - and thank him for his visit. We are not going to change. Dahir thanks for visiting. [Acholian language] Rani! Go open the door! Rani opens the door. [Pauliina] Thank you. We are investigating a crime here, and one interested party just happens to be behind the border. It's really hard for me keep your sides. [Lena] The most direct way to explore Murder of Sonja Harkola - is to get Aleksandr Slavek to speak. I want to take Katia there. I can make sure that Slavek is entangled - and can be released by Sonja's ex-man pre-trial detention. I make sure everything goes well. Lena. You can't go along. The presence of the sun can jeopardize the whole thing. How did it go there? Not like I should. How are you here? Not like I should. Hi. When you see the sun's father, May I ask you to ask a few things? That's why it contacted me right now and what it wants. I want to know if it knows anything or is it lying. [Rocks] I want to see that reaction two questions. When I don't know Russia, I'm grabbing you some character when you ask them. So I'm here as some bait. You're here, Katiana, but sunkin is good to know things. How do you know if it's lying or not? For example, if it covers like this, close to the eyes, the speaker usually obscures something. [Rocks] Or if it is true in its fields and controlled, the same thing. The hill is good to know when someone is lying. And it's just because of home education. What are those sun questions? [In Russian] - [Aleksandr] You remind me very much of your mother. - [Katia] Right? Olga. Has anyone told you? We met when I was 26 years old. [Alexander] I had to write dissertation on sociology. That's why I infiltrated a group of homeless young people. Olga was among them. A year later I was in love with my research subject. Up to my ears. What happened next? Later... Police attack in Kupchino. The FSB attacked the house. I saw them when they shot your mother. That gig didn't go well - so to speak, pretty. Sun's mother was one of those drug addicts. I was told, that mother was an addict. He had problems as we all have. But he made a positive impact on me. What happened to that woman? I don't think it's ... alive. Was Sonja Vodjanova one of those who testified against you then? I really wanted to meet you. I have to shut up, so as not to pose a danger especially for you. Is Sonja's death related to that attack? Are Lena and I in danger now? You have to remember that I have nothing to do with what is happening now. The one who told you ask those questions keep presenting them to him to people closer. [Kari] I put you to come meeting the recording. If mold is asked, a reaction on the basis of which he did not lie. If you had to bet, so Aleksandr Slavek spoke the truth. [knock] [knock] [knock] [knock] Hi. Sorry to bother you so late. Oot sie Kari Sorjonen? My father told me to pick him up. -Who is Sun's father and pick up where? -Seppo Laakkonen. Wait a minute. [Seppo] It's been almost a year now, when Aleksandr contacted. [Kari] Why am I just blowing? I didn't ask. I assumed it was because that we studied at the same time in St. Petersburg. A cell stall was distributed there. Alexander studied sociology and I studied law. What did Slavek want from you? It said it did three recording in Kresty Prison. Said to testify with them of some old crimes. In return, it wanted to be free. But when it does not trust local police, it gave the recordings to me. They are now under my control, until Slavek declares himself to be safe somewhere. Before that I must not pass them on. To whom they were to be handed over and what is in those tapes? Unfortunately, I can't tell you that because of my work. So what are we doing here? Sun unit Uusitalo and Hentunen visited us, and I understood that Sonja Harkola had been killed. Here in Finland. I fear for myself and my family. I'm afraid of what they can do to us, if the parties begin to cover up his past. What can I do? I wanted to know if we were in danger. What can you do? There is really nothing to this information. Can you protect my family? How? I can't tell you that. Unfortunately, there is nothing I can do. Of course you can play, honey, but do it here inside. And invite a guy here and don't go there. It's so boring in here. He is not. It's up to your imagination. Besides, we will be sent to the cottage right from the morning so no further amusements are needed here. I think Mary should get to go if it wants to. But you take the phone with you. After all, we have that Find Friend service. Yes, we know where you will meet. [Maria] By the way, I have to download this. The battery runs out all the time. [mom] I'll buy you a new phone. Now you pack, you plug a ton into the charger and you can go. [Seppo] I'm just coming back. [Seppo] Hey! Hey, haloo! Healthy, healthy. Sorry, but this is our yard. I wasn't meant to bother. Father! Father! Mum! Father! Mum! Mum! Subtitles: Liisa Viitanen 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 