The Waltons: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Waltons 
 s1e7 - The Sinner - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Waltons (1971–1981): Season 1, Episode 7 - The Sinner - full transcript 
 Reverend Mathew Fordwick arrives in Walton's Mountain, but his credibility is tarnished even before his first service after drinking "the recipe" at an afternoon with the Baldwin sisters. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I remember a day in hot summer back during the Depression when we all wished Walton's Mountain was a mile higher so its cool shade would reach us sooner. Growing up in those long-gone days I took for granted the discomfort of a hot summer. But as a novice writer, I took it as my duty to question other things. Like sin, and what made a sinner. Trouble was, no one seemed to agree. It is most inspiring to meet a missionary from our Asian outpost. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The people in my villageare  mainly Buddhists, Mathew but they worship animals and all manner of odd statues. It must be beautiful to win such a soul to the Lord. How can you bear to come home? Only to find another missionary who shares my zeal. I hope I shall prove worthy. You were much praised for your austere living. You will find the people in Walton's Mountain simple folk. It will provide a perfect test. "Happy is the man that findeth wisdom "and the man that getteth understanding."  As long as you mind your manners. And no tickling at the table. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What if I have to sneeze while he's praying? You say, "Excuse me." Mama, do angels sneeze? I can't say, Elizabeth. I never saw one myself. I bet they'd sweat, though, if they had to wait two hours. Don't say "sweat." Say "perspiration." I told Miss Prissom we'd be honored. The very least we can do is welcome this young preacher. I'm gonna watch and listen to him real close. Can't think ofa better model, son. You'll have to learn to yell and holler about the Devil just like he was running you a foot race and gaining on you. That Reverend doesn't get here pretty soon with all this heat, he's going to find us all melted away. Clean down to our halos. Grandpa, when God kicked the Devil out of Heaven did he lose his halo? Now see here, Jason, you're asking the wrong fella. Of all the list of exciting professions I could have taken up being a preacherwasn't one of them. I never could get a real good clear picture of Hell. I hope and pray you never see the real thing, old man. You'll feel very secure here, Mathew. Olivia Walton is a good Baptist with a God-fearing family. I feel like Daniel, set down by the Lord among docile lions. I trust them. Myself, I doubt. There is no room for timidity in our work, Mathew. Maybe he went to Heaven. -In Miss Prissom's car? -In a chariot. They'll be here soon. -Who's ready for a swim?-I am! Sit down, children. What's going on around here, Liv? Looks a bunch of stuffed owls to me. We're waiting for Miss Prissom. You mean that lady that looked like she's been weaned on lemons? She came by this morning and asked if we could put up Rev. Fordwick from Divinity School. He'll hold an all-day service and meeting on the grounds this Sunday. We're waiting on them. -Been waiting. -Since lunchtime. I promised these children I'd take them  It's mighty hot outside. John, Miss Prissom and this new preacher are company. They ought to be here any minute, John. Maybe we can find them a couple of suits. Come on. If you ask me collars and ties were invented by the Devil on one of his mean days. How about you, Grandma? I'm not so old that I put my comfort before good manners, John Walton. Now, Liv, I didn't mean to contradict you. It's just that I did promise the children, you know.  on his very first day of God's work. I'll tell him we're having a mass baptism. Come on. Who's ready up there? Let's go. Good morning. -Reverend, welcome. -Mr. Walton. This is my brood here. -That's John-Boy. -Howdy. Jason, Jim-Bob and there's Erin, Mary Ellen, Ben and over behind the tree is Elizabeth. Come here, honey. Come on out! Yes. I believe your wife was expecting us. Yes, ma'am, she was. About two or three hours ago. I promised these children I'd take them swimming. On the Sabbath afternoon? I reckon the Lord knows how bad the heat gets seeing as he made Hell out of it. May I speak with your wife, please? -Yes, she's waiting for you. -Thank you. Why don't you get some old clothes and come join us? Last one in has to hang up all the bathing suits! They'd been waiting such a long time. "Blessed is the man that endureth temptation." James 1:12. "They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength." Isaiah 40:31. Olivia, Esther has anyone here seen my inner tube? [screaming] [everyone screaming] I gave him John-Boy's room. Miss Prissom went back to town. No doubt convinced that the pagans here are more in need of salvation than in Asia. We're all sinners, Liv. I take this seriously, John. I wish you would. There's nothing sinful about the children  There's a time and a place. We have a guest. alright, I'll gather the children together. Thank you. And I'll tell them to mind their manners. It's your own that hurt me, John. What's he doing? He said, "Idleness is the Devil's workshop." I'd rather work with Daddy. When a fellow gets to be my age sin is something mostly that you remember. How about my age? There are certain things that you're still a mite too young for. Come on, Grandpa.I'm 17 years old. For instance, like trying to get a driver's license. It takes a certain maturity. You make it sound like you got to get a license in order to sin. You sassing me? No, sir. Just that to be a writer, I ought to know certain things. I'm old enough to know about sin, don't you? -If you have to ask, you ain't. -I know some, believe me. What I don't know is how much I don't know. That's a subject that most folks are not too keen to talk about, John-Boy.  is good folks and nothing about sinners? There's nothing fascinating about sinners. Some say there's nothing fascinating about watching a poplar turn its leaves before a rainstorm. Have you talked to that Rev. Fordwick? He's not much older than I am. I don't know how to tell you this but there are a lot of folks that lead exciting and colorful lives that are not the biggest sinners in the whole world. "And if thy right eye offend thee "pluck it out, and cast it from thee "for it is profitable that one of thy members should perish "and not that the whole body should be damned into--" Damn! Children. Do not mock the power of the Lord. You don't want to be like Lucifer when he fell in pride. Be not free with curses and abominations lest you be cursed in the eyes of God. Give up your evil ways. End debauchery. End adultery. End covetousness. Let no tongue wag that is not as pure  For your hearts are shriveled up and inside ye are corruption. Think ye of the fierce and righteous judgment of the Lord. You are as putrid as death and a stench in the nostrils of the Lord Jehovah! And he shall visit you one day with scourges of fire to cleanse you-- Reverend! You're scaring these children. We are all evil sinners in the Lord Jehovah's eyes and it's time now to repent, before it is too late. Now listen here. These  are good, sweet children. I'm not gonna let anyone fill them with a pack of nonsense. Children, go inside and wash up for lunch. I'll wash up, too, ma'am. My children are not going to be treated like that, Liv. Not by anyone. They are my children, too, John Walton. [music] [piano music] I guess you're old enough to travel your own road, son. I love you and Mama both. There's no choice there. It's not a question of one being right and the other wrong.  but I don't truly know what you believe. I believe life is a mystery. A sacred one. As for faith, that's a personal and private thing. It's not something you pull on like your pants in the morning. I don't think that's much different from what your mama thinks. That Rev. Fordwick sure says a lot of things that make me angry. Sure what he says makes you angry, or the fact that he's taken over your room? Maybe. It's kind of hard to write up in the loft. -He'll only be here till Sunday. -Yeah. Daddy, will you answer me a couple of questions? I'll try. The Reverend keeps talking about sex and sin like it's the exact same thing. I'm going to have to stop calling you John-Boy one of these days. I keep thinking I'm too old to be so ignorant about so much. I think I told you all you need to know about mating about one sex joining the other. What you don't know yet is about love. -I know about love.-I mean one man joining one woman. Admiring and respecting each other enough they want to share that feeling. You love Mama. I can see that. When the Good Lord put his hand to making your mama I'm sure he's right proud of what he came up with. And I'm right proud with the children that came out of our loving each other. I sure don't see nothing shameful about loving a woman that way. You got a good soul, son. No use spoiling it by fretting about sin.  Some people crave sinning like other people crave rhubarb pie. I hate rhubarb pie. Let's hope you don't acquire a taste for either one. -Morning, Reverend. -Morning. You know, you could take a bath in the tub if you wanted to. Cold showers and plenty of exercise are bulwarks against temptations of the flesh. -How old are you? -Twenty-one next month. I'm 17. You are troubled. Kind of same as anybody, I guess.  will rid you of impure thoughts which trouble young men. See, that's what bothers me. I want to be a writer, so naturally I puzzle over these things. It's sorting out what's pure and impure that I have trouble with. Your religious training should make that no problem. It helps, I admit. But the problem is nobody seems able to give me a straight answer on any one thing. I'd be happy to advise you to the best of my ability. Reverend, what is sin? Then how could dancing be sinful? Grandma feels that dancing is sinful. It can lead to temptation. Then people shouldn't be allowed to dance? It is best not to challenge Satan, for he is strong. I'm going to get dressed. Join me in a cross-country run? Maybe tomorrow. Better an ounce of prevention than a pound of cure. Repent! For I say that the hour is nigh when judgment shall be visited and the sheep shall be  separated from the goats. Drunkenness is an abomination. Repent! Fornication and lustful ways must be abandoned. Repent! Lying and stealing and bearing false witness are abominations! Repent, ye sinners! Carve out sin from your hearts like a boil! Repent! For whatsoever ye sow so also shall ye reap! -How was the sermon? Scary. Want a lick? No, thank you. I'll wait for supper. I heard you practicing. Perhaps you have a suggestion. Yes, Reverend, I do. Far be it for me to tell you what to say, Reverend but about the way you say it. You see, most folks around here aren't used to being shouted at and a lot of us won't understand some of that fancy language you're using. I was just going to suggest that you say what you're gonna say but simpler and easier, that's all. I have spent four years, Mr. Walton learning and studying to preach the word of God. It's up to youto accept or reject it. John-Boy, could you explain something? What? If God hates sin the way the preacher says I guess everybody should hate it. I guess. Then how come everybody keeps right on sinning? -What makes you so sure they do? -The preacher says they do. Yeah. I've been puzzling over it myself, Jim-Bob. I don't know. The way I get it is some people just have a craving for sin the way other people crave rhubarb pie. I hate rhubarb pie. Hey, Yancy. 315 00:21:04,931 --> 00:21:07,233 They're beauties, Yancy. I'll let your daddy have them for 10 cents apiece. How come you're letting them go so cheap? These are wild. Heard of wild turkeys? Of course I've heard of wild turkeys. These are wild chickens. I round them up whenever I need them in the woods back of my house. Wild chickens, huh? Just how wild are these chickens? There's one rooster in there, he's real feisty. Had to wrestle him about an hour before I got him in the crate. Better watch out getting them in the pen. You don't want to be done in by a feisty chicken. Give me a hand. I had to wrestle you two or three hours before I got you in a crate. -Where's your daddy? -In the house. -I'll go in and get my money. -Appreciate it. Aren't you going to see my daddy? I figured I'd go over to the Baldwin sisters just in case they might need an errand run or something. Okay, bye. I guess Yancy sure does like the rhubarb pie. Come on, open this door. Come on, you feisty chicken. Mama! Mama, the Devil was after me. Elizabeth, honey, you were having a nightmare. He was going to take me to Hell. No. You were only dreaming. Don't be afraid. We're here, aren't we? I'm scared. You're a good girl. You've got nothing to worry about. -There is. -Honey, you were only dreaming. No, Mama, there is. Well, then tell me what. Yesterday I took a piece of your gingerbread. Now, now. Elizabeth, honey I surely don't believe the Lord made Hell for 5-year-old girls who take one small piece of gingerbread. Are you sure, Daddy? I'm not saying what you did was right. It was wrong. Your conscience is bothering you, honey, giving you those bad dreams. If your conscience is in that good working order you got nothing to worry about. -Are you sure, Mama? -I'm sure. You want me to tuck you into bed? No. I'm tired from running away from that Devil. Good night, honey. You see what's happening around here? We've got differences making us frosty with each other. That's something we haven't seen in 18 years of marriage. It's not good for the children, either. Sure is dispiriting to me. You're the one that started it. That day he arrived. -Takes two to quarrel, you know. -You acted like a heathen. Still do, as far as he's concerned. That Fordwick is just a well-intentioned kid and he tries too hard. Give him a chance. He's trying to preach the word of the Lord. I sure wish he knew a little bit more about human nature. Good night, John. Good night. -Yancy? -Who's that? John-Boy? What are you doing out here, John-Boy? Are you drunk? My car ran into a fence down the road. You sound and you smell like you fell into a vat of that recipe. Those Baldwin sisters are certainly hospital. Hospitable! -That's better. Sleep it off. -I'm fine. I'm fine. Watch! Come on, Yancy, come on down. You're drunk! You're going to fall. Rev. Fordwick. Yancy! Damn! -Come on, up! Get up. -I'm fine. [chattering] Thank you, Reverend. -Hurry! -Come along now. Almost done. Hurry! alright, hold the  buckets. Fire's out. Get on inside, Liv. Take them inside. The fire's out. We all could use a cup of hot chocolate. Come on inside, children. Come on, Reverend. Might find you a piece of peach cobbler. He's human. Everything's alright up there. We better keep our eye on things for a minute. Sometimes they smolder and flame up again. Should we put on one more? No, Yancy. We don't need any more. I'm mighty sorry. -You were drunk? -Yes, ma'am. Is this the human nature you prize so highly? Chocolate's almost ready. It was a mighty foolish thing to do. Yancy, it certainly was. I vow to replace your hay and repair your barn. I thank the Lordthat my getting drunk didn't cause more harm to you and your family. I am sorry, John. I hope you'll accept my apology. I'm no more a saint than you are, Yancy. It was a foolish thing to do, but I know it was an accident. That's a bad burn on your arm. Better let my mama take a look at it. Your mama's seen enough of me for one night. I'll be fine. I'll be back tomorrow and start to clean up. -Don't you need a ride, Yancy? -No. I'm fine. Good night. 436 00:28:57,436 --> 00:29:00,807 I'm still mighty glad you shook his hand, though. So am I. Morning, Reverend. I got some mail for you. I've put it in the Waltons' box. Show him where it is. Thank you, Mr. Godsey. Howdy, Miss Prissom. How do you like the tent? It seems adequate, Mr. Godsey. How would you like a nice cold bottle of pop? I'm just going to Charlottesville. I'll be back this afternoon to help. Could you give me a lift over to the Baldwin home, Mr. Walton? I've a letter from my mother in Richmond. The Baldwins are her cousins on Uncle Elwood's side. She insists I look them up and invite them to my freshman sermon tomorrow. You know the Baldwins? Yes. That's where he went to get-- The Baldwin sisters. They're the pillars of the community. -Real sweet old ladies. -That's good to hear. I'm sure they'll be at your service. No need to drive all the way there-- My mother wrote. I must extend the courtesy. You can have some chit-chat with them after your services tomorrow. John-Boy, perhaps you'd be good enough to guide me? -Actually, it is pretty far. -How far? It's way off yonder. Quite a ways off. I'd be happy to pay for the gas. You run on home and tell your mother I'll be back late. You can't take him there! He insists. He's as stubborn as a big mule. Go along, now. Hey, Reverend. Hold on there a minute. I'll be right with you. My pleasure, Miss Emily. Mother insisted that I pay my respects and offer you a personal invitation to come to the service. How nice. Look here, Reverend my daughter-in-law Olivia is expecting us home for a feed. Nonsense, Mr. Walton. You can't drag Cousin Mathew off when we've just begun to enjoy our little visit. We so seldom get to Richmond. When was it last time, sister? 1913 or 1915? 1914, dear. Papa took us down to the family reunion. Oh, yes. And you were just a tiny little babe in arms. And to think here you are in our own home all grown up and a man of the cloth. It makes me feel a little less strange out here in the country to be with kin. This is some of our dear father's secret herbal recipe. My mother spoke of the Judge often. An upstanding and righteous man. A real credit to the family. Look here, Reverend, this is a pretty strong herbal recipe.  Mr. Walton, you enjoyed the Judge's recipe countless times and I don't believe it ever disagreed with you. Did it? No, ma'am. Does the recipe disagree with you? It tastes fine. Is it pure? It is pure, as usual. Our father, the Judge, used to say that elixirs and herbal recipes brought the pioneers through many trying times. And he himself lived to the ripe old age of 87. My mother used to point to your father as a man of unfailing vigor.  But it's pretty strong medicine. Strong? My sister and I have used Papa's recipe every day for years and we've never been troubled with liver ailments or catarrh. At Divinity School, they gave me an elixir when I was afflicted with catarrh. It was vile. This is. It's tasty. It is such a sweet surprise to see you, Cousin Mathew. I don't believe we've seen your mother, Cousin Sarah, since 1913. Now, Reverend, you must have another cup. It is good for you. Here's to getting rid of our catarrh. -I'm taking two. -No, one. John-Boy, what time did Rev. Fordwick go to the Baldwins? About 11:00. Then he should be back by now. I'm sure Grandpa won't let him come to any harm. Of course not. [both singing] Neighbors and friends, I want to thank. [singing] Here we go. Miss Prissom says she's gonna preside over the serviceherself tomorrow. She's a missionary. Do I have to go? Son, you're old enough to decide that for yourself. Some preacher. -He just made a mistake. -Daddy, he's a hypocrite! All that talk about sin and repenting, and he goes out and gets himself drunk. And you act like it was nothing. Now, don't mistake me, son. It's simply wrong to get drunk. But he's just a young fella not too experienced at the job of living. I can't take this cold shoulder anymore. Neither can I. Is Mr. Fordwick about yet? Yes, ma'am. But he didn't want no breakfast. No. I shouldn't wonder. Miss Prissom? Ben, run along and tell your mother I'll be there in a moment. -Good morning, Miss Prissom. -Good morning. I am mortally ashamed. Since early this morning I have prayed to the Lord for forgiveness. There isn't much I can say. Indeed there is not, Mr. Fordwick. I apologize. I let you down. And the mission work in  Asia that you offered. It's so important. I'm certain the Lord will find a more suitable vessel to do His work. But I still want to try. I know I have fallen, and I am ashamed and I will pray for strength but I spent four years learning and studying. What do I do, Miss Prissom? "Whatsoever a man soweth, so also shall he reap." Goodbye. Fingernails. And the other one. Now perhaps if we are all ready we can leave. It's getting pretty hot out there, and I could drive you  ladies in my truck. Perhaps it would be good for all of our souls if we just walked. Good thing this service came along as soon as it did, you old sinner. I do believe in repenting every once in a while but this old sinner is about as ready as he's ever gonna be. You don't want to come? No, Mama. I won't ask you, then. Your daddy and I had a long talk last night. And we agreed to disagree. Comes a time when a child becomes a man, John-Boy. It's time you started. -Jason? -Mama? You got the spring water in the thermos? Yes, ma'am. Seeing as we got the whole day that compressor needs some overhauling. I could use a hand. You bet! They're all gone, son. I'd like to get my things. I'd be obliged for a lift to the nearest bus stop. What about the all-day service? I recognize how hollow and righteous all my words were. Both of you were quicker to realize that than I was. What are you going to do? I guess my call to the ministry was faulty. I'll try to be worthy of whatever else the Lord wants me to do with my life. You're quitting? I don't see as I have any choice. A man cannot ask other men to lead their lives better than he is capable of himself. Do those sound like words from the lips of a sinner? Maybe sinning is doing something that hurts somebody else. I reckon maybe it's doing something that hurts yourself, too. Maybe. His whole life just ruined. Sounds like any kindof justice to you? I don't know. All I know is that when I talked to you about wanting to be a writer you said the right way to go about that was just to get up when you stumble and keep on trying. I've been resisting wearing ties and going to church meetings for a long time but sometimes it seems like the proper thing to do. You are the daughters and the sons of Cain. Sinners and outcasts in the eyes of the Lord. There is not one of you who is worthy  without doing repentance each day of his life for the abominations the evils and the sins that you have done. Fall down on your knees and beseech the Lord to forgive. -Daddy! -Wearing a tie! Morning, Miss Prissom. Sorry to interrupt. Why have you brought that man here? I brought along the preacher we all came to hear. I'd like to hear him myself. If he speaks, I shall leave. Miss Prissom, Matt Fordwick here is a trained preacher.  That's worth hearing, for my money. Little of it as there is. It is not worth listening to a drunkard and a public sinner. That's true, John. Most of you folks know me, and know the kind of man I am. I'm not much of a churchgoer. Lately, as a matter of fact, I've been more unfeeling than usual. More bullheaded. If you don't believe me, ask my wife over there. But I've read the Bible, too, you know and seems to me there's a story  And it said something about: "Let him who is without sin cast the first stone." I am a sinner. I guess I don't need to tell you that but I need to admit it. Maybe it takes a sinner to know another sinner. To know how it feels to do wrong things when you want to do what's right. I think the Lord understands how hard it is to be good. He appreciates it when we are, and he's sad when we aren't. The way you parents are when you watch 670 It hurts. It's hard to live in this world. Especially these days. I just want to say one thing that the most important thing is to love the Lord and to try to do what he wants and to pray for forgiveness when you fail. * Just as I am, without one plea * * But that thy blood was shed for me * * And that thou bidst me come to thee * * O Lamb of God, I come, I come * * Just as I am, and waiting not * * To rid my soul of one dark blot *  * O Lamb of God, I come, I come * The memory of those days is with me still. It makes me laugh sometimes to think how innocent a boy I was. Sometimes cruel and pompous and sometimes loving and wise, like my parents. And remembering those long-gone days I am grateful they were mine. * I come ** John-Boy, you think I could be a preacher when I grow up? You want to be? That's what I need to ask you about. What, Ben? as much as he likes praying? I wouldn't let that stop you, Ben. -Good night, now. Good night. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 