The Waltons: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Waltons 
 s1e6 - The Star - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Waltons (1971–1981): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Star - full transcript 
 When a meteorite falls through the Baldwin sisters' roof, it has strange effects on the people of Walton's Mountain; the sisters are convinced by their cousin Polonius that the star is a sign from their father saying that they should stop making "the recipe", while Grandpa believes he is going to die soon. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Walton's Mountain is as old as the Earth itself. For countless centuries, it has quietly shouldered the sky above the land on which our family settled, built, and flourished. Through all its seasons, through all the great and small eventsof our lives, the mountain was changeless as fixed and as permanent as the glittering stars above. And then there was an evening in the 1930s which started all of us wondering how fixed or permanent anything is even a star. It's nice. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I've always been partial to twilight. We used to call it "in the gloaming." You've been so quiet, I forgot you were there. I'm still here. Jim-Bob's it. -Ben, come out and play. -I've got to study. We're having a spelldown in our class and winner gets a medal. -Are you gonna be the winner? -I'm sure gonna try. Come out and play when you finish. We're having fun. I promised myself I'd write at least 1,000 words in this tablet every day. I don't really have anything to write about. - Come on, Ben! - Careful. Jim-Bob's it! -You're it! -Look. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The first star. Starlight, starbright, first star I see tonight. I wish I may, I wish I might, have the wish I wish tonight. Everybody make a wish. -Not me. -Why not? No star 67 million miles away is gonna get me what I want. Did you make a wish? -I'll bet I know what it is. -Don't tell! I won't, and I hope it comes true. Come on out, son. Plenty of good seats left, and they're all free. Finished what you've been doing? Seems like I never finish, Mama. There's always more to write than I ever manage to set down. Well, then you'll pick it up and carry on. -I guess I will. -There's no end to it. Like counting the leaves on that old oak tree. That's right, Grandma... or even the stars in the sky tonight. Zeb, what is it? Look! Up there! Did you ever see the like of that?  You know, Grandma, if it hits the ground, it's a meteorite. Looks like it landed right near here. Close to the Baldwins, I'd say. Where are you going, John? I'm gonna have a look at that star. -Me, too. -You coming, Grandpa? Grandpa, you gonna come with us? I think I'll stay here, John. Zeb, what's wrong with you? What could possibly be wrong with a man that's lived as long as I have? You children. You're not going anywhere but to bed. -But it's so close!-Please! We could go a lifetime and never get this close to a star again. Two Waltons chasing after a shooting star is more than enough. Come on. -Wasn't it pretty, Mama? -Beautiful. It's beautiful and sad. The end of something. Everything has to come to an end sometime. You all right, Grandpa? I have seen better days, daughter. Sister and I were relaxing after our dinner. -Another quiet evening alone. -I was embroidering. And I was reading Pride and Prejudice.  No one writes like Miss Austen. To read her words is like having a dear friend drop in for a leisurely visit. Suddenly we heard a strange noise. Like whistling, only it was extremely loud. And there was a brilliant light flickering outside the window. We rushed over to look out And whoosh! Right through the roof it went. We were terrified. Exhilarated. Sister wanted to send for Sheriff Bridges, but I said "No, let's have a look first." opened the door, and there it was! Our star. Isn't it magnificent, John-Boy? I sure never thought I'd get that close to a star. You must make a wish on it. I already have. So have I. It's lucky it didn't hit one of you. Papa would never have permitted that. Your papa was a right powerful man when he was alive. But as for controlling the stars-- This star is a gift and a sign from Papa. Why, just look where it landed. I think we should all have a little of the Recipe... in honor of Papa and our star! Mr. Walton? Well, I wouldn't mind, this being a special occasion. Isn't this a treat, Sister! Sister, we have more company. -How nice. -Come in. Do come in and share our joy. John-Boy. What are you doing out of bed? Did you really get to see a star? -I sure did. -I wish I could've gone. That star's special to me. Why is that? You sure it was that particular star you made a wish on? I'm sure. Do you suppose some time you could take me to see it? I got to fix the Baldwin ladie'' roof for them. You could come along then. Thanks. Now I know my wish is gonna come true. When I left that place, there was a hole in the roof a star on the floor, and the Recipe flowing like water. Shameless old bootleggers! Can you imagine two women bootlegging whiskey? Grandma, they don't think they're bootlegging whiskey. They're following their papa's recipe. They think it's some kind of cordial. It's too bad that star didn't finish off that still of theirs. -It missed it by inches. -More's the pity. Oh, powerful western fallen star Why did that star fall where it did and when it did? I don't know, Grandpa. What do you think? I think the whole drooping star in the west-- He's half asleep. He should've been in bed an hour ago. Come on, Zeb. Come on. Alright. -Let me help you. -Nothing. -Good night, you two. -Good night, Grandma, Grandpa. -Something's wrong, John. -He's just tired. I'm afraid it's more than that. Think we ought to get Doc Shackleford? If he's not better by morning, yes. after its daring robbery of a Greencastle, Indiana bank yesterday. Closer to home, stargazers last night had a rare treat when a meteorite blazed a fiery trail across Jefferson County on the property of the Baldwin sisters. The celestial visitor crashed through the roof of the Baldwin residence but property damage was minimal. In Washington, Secretary of the Interior.. Are we gonna hear about the Baldwins even on the radio? Come on, Mama. Where're Grandma and Grandpa? Your grandpa wasn't feeling too well last night. He's still in bed. -Hurry up, John-Boy. -How come you're in such a rush?  I never thought I'd see my children so anxious to get to school. What's so important about school suddenly? -I want it to be a surprise. -Alright then, surprise us. Now, scoot! All of you! Ben, wait, you forgot your lunch. Thanks. Is today the day your wish is gonna come true? Maybe. It will. I just know it will. One of the greatest sights in the world is to see your children marching off to school. John, I'm worriedabout your pa. Is he still feeling poorly? Well, he says he just doesn't feel like getting out of bed. I've never seen him like that before. Grandma says you've declared a holiday. Is that what she says? Why, you've been working hard helping me in the sawmill. No, that isn't it. You've earned a rest. I guess maybe I have. Grandpa, you feeling bad? No, not just now. Last night, sitting out there on the porch there was a sudden catch just when that shooting star fell.  Then it stopped. And I haven't felt so bad since. You feel there's some connection between that star and the way you feel? I do. Maybe I should ask Doc Shackleford to stop by. He's got better things to do than that. He can give you an exam. Examinations and doctors cannot interfere with the natural course of things. There's nothing natural about you being too tired to get out of bed. I haven't heard one of Doc's long-winded stories in a long time. Maybe I'll ask him to stop by. As you please, son. -Chief. C-H-I-E-F. Chief. Ought. Ought. A-W.. G-H-T. That is not correct. Ben? -Ought. O-U-G-H-T. Ought. -That's right. Sorry, Melanie. Hoist. Heights? Hoist. Hoist. H-O-I-S-T. Hoist. Believe. B-E-L... E-I-V-E. Believe. Sorry. -Ben? -Believe. B-E-L-I-E-V-E. Believe. That is correct. Well.. We have only two competitors left for the medal. But we really have to get onto  our American History. George Washington is expecting us at Valley Forge. Suppose we continue the spelldown between our two finalists tomorrow. That'll give you time to study the words in the last section. Alright. Yes, Miss Hunter. I'm so pleased with the fine showing of the fourth grade in general. The speller who proves himself or herself worthy of this medal tomorrow will certainly have good reason to be proud. I got you. Quiet. Where are your sisters? I want you children to play outside and try to keep quiet. Is something wrong? Grandpa's not feeling well. Dr. Shackleford's coming over after he delivers Mrs. Thurston's baby. Can we go in and see Grandpa? After the doctor comes, Jason. I had promised the children I'd take them somewhere today. But I guess maybe we'd better stay here. Where were you planning to take them? -To see the star, Mama. -Maybe even touch it.  Just this once, mind you. Mind what John-Boy tells you, and don't be late for supper. Okay, thank you. Let's go. Put those things on the back porch. And be quiet. Ben, now, quiet. I was planning to do that. How's Grandpa? The same. Just lying in there like he was... waiting. Come here now. Come on, let's go. Don't walk on the grass, Ben. Come on. Stay together now. Halt! You are trespassing on private property.  Did you indeed? You'll have to come back another time. I am now in the process of working out a suitable schedule of exhibit hours and admission fees for the public. But, mister... There will be announcements in the local papers. Perhaps handbills as well. -I'm John-Boy Walton. -We are not impressed. John-Boy! You've brought along some of your dear brothers and sisters to see the star. -Isn't this lovely? -You've met Cousin Polonius?  Cousin Polonius has come all the way from Richmond to share our joy. And to lift the burden of responsibility from these fragile feminine shoulders. I'm sorry, the children are just so anxious to see the star. Of course they are. Come in. Come in. There it is, a piece of the heavens. A real honest-to-goodness star. You wouldn't believe the people we've had here, John-Boy. Everybody's heard about it on the radio. Everybody wants to seea real  honest-to-goodness star. There were two university professors. A dreadful man from a carnival who wanted to buy our star. Can you imagine? He wanted to put our beautiful star in his freak show. As if Sister and I would ever sell a gift from Papa. And only a few minutes ago, there was a representative of the United States Army. He was claiming this and demanding that. I was feeling quite intimidated. But Cousin Polonius dealt with him. He dealt with all of them. -Is it okay to touch? -Of course, dear. Go ahead. Aren't you gonna touch it, Elizabeth? Not this time. I want you to have all the luck. You two got a secret? Ben made a wish on the star. I didn't touch it, so he'll have all the luck. Good luck, Ben. All things considered, Zeb, you're in very good condition. That pain you had could have been a spasm in your muscles right here. As far as I can tell, there was no damage done. Is there something else bothering you? Something you haven't told me about? Ben, I am not what regular churchgoers call a religious man. But throughout the years I have had my beliefs. I've learned to recognize His will and accept it. -You feel you've had a sign? -I do. Zeb, you're too vigorous a man to be laid low by a sign. My advice to you is to get up out of this bed and start living again. Physically, he's amazingly sound for a man his age. Then why has he taken to his bed? There's a verypowerful medicine. Works all kinds of wonders. Unfortunately, no doctor can write out a prescription for it. Some people call it "the will to live." It's helped Zeb Walton do things that would exhaust somebody half his age. Kept him full of energy and interest. You mean he's lost that? He had a severe pain near his heart and at the same instant, he saw that star fall. Some people think a falling star means death. Zeb Walton is one of them. The house is so still. Is Grandpa gonna die? Now listen, children. I know you're worried about Grandpa. We all are. But mooning around like this isn't gonna help a bit. Now, I want you to go to school and pretend it's a normal day. How're we supposed to pretend like it's a normal day? He might really be sicker than we know. Liv, what do you think? I think you children will be better off at school. -Please, Mama. -Never mind please. Come on.  I can be just as stubborn as you. You can think yourself to death if you want to. But I'm gonna think you alive. -Did you ask him about the star? -He won't talk about it. I'm gonna try something. Once that old man gets an idea in his head dynamite won't blast it loose. Morning. Good to see you looking so much better. Do you remember that big, old white oak tree that stands by itself on the banks of the Cyclamen River up on the mountain? As long as I can remember, that was your favorite place. Pa, I'm gonna need your help in the sawmill today. If I'm going to get a regular contract for the railroad ties I got to deliver a load before this day's over. -They're pushing you too much? -I can't do it myself. -But you and me together. -Don't count on me. -Now, Grandpa... -Maybe John-Boy. If you'd just get out of this bed and feel the sun on your face. Why did you ask me about that old oak?  Now that time is a whole lot of years away. Maybe tomorrow. Maybe the next day. You felt a twinge, you saw a star fall. That's no reason to stay in your bed and pick out your grave. Shooting star means death, son. Pa, that's just an old notion. No one's ever proved that. Mark Twain said that he came in with Halley's comet and he would go out with Halley's comet. And he did. And I have proved it for myself. he was the soundest man in this county. And one evening, we were coming home from a barn raising. He was joshing and laughing. And then all of a sudden, in the sky right up there above us, there was this shooting star. I watched his eyes. They just trailed on to the ground. Next morning, he was dead. His heart failed him, that's all. He knew that shooting star meant that his time had come. I saw it in his eyes. Now, my time has come. Advice. A-D-V-I-C-E. Advice. Guard. Guard. G... G-U-A-R-D. Guard. Very good. It's obvious Ben and Nancy have studied well. Height. H-E-I-G-H-T. Success. S-U-C-E-S-S. Success. I'm so sorry, Ben. That's an incorrect spelling. Nancy? This is Col. Tecumseh Henderson of the Bluegrass Hendersons. -John-Boy Walton. -How do you do, sir? I'll take the Colonel in for his first glimpse of the star. Yes, please do. We're so fortunate, John-Boy. The Colonel is a publicrelations genius and as an old friend of Cousin Polonius he has agreed to help us bring the Baldwin Star to the public. That's great. P.K., I don't see much money in it. With the proper promotion, we can draw a good crowd. Touring hick towns for nickels and dimes. No, I'm getting too old for that. So am I. You got anything better to suggest? No. P.K., what is this? In the family, it is always referred to as "the Recipe." It's the best sour mash I've ever tasted.  -Who made it? -The old ladies. -You don't mean it. -They don't know it's whiskey. They call it "the recipe." I call it perfection. -What's the secret? -The Recipe Machine. One of a kind. P.K., why waste our talents trying to promote an oversized cinder, when we can take this still and operating through my connections... we can clear more in a month than we can make in a lifetime with the star. I've thought of that, but it wouldn't work.  take their papa's machine... unless.... unless... -Star was a warning from Papa? -No doubt of it. Why else, out of all the millions of places in the universe, did it strike here? A fiery finger pointing. Pointing? To what? A fiery finger pointing.... Boy! Take a rest. Are you saying that Papa was pointing to his Recipe Machine? Don't you see, my dears... your papa, wherever he is... has made an agonizing discovery. distributing it to others is wrong. -Wrong? -Even sinful. -I can't believe that. -Neither can I. What could be wrong and sinful... about our lovely, heart-warming cordial? I asked myself the same question. "The cordial gives pleasure," I said. So it must be a good thing. But your papa's spirit chided me: "That's the reasoning of the Devil, Polonius. "Don't be gulled by it. Be strong. "It is your duty as a Baldwin... "to save mytwo deluded daughters... "from the subtle corruption of that cordial." You heard Papa say all that? As clearly as I hear you right now. Now, this machine has to be dismantled and removed. All those bottles of the cordial there have to be disposed of. Then this room can be made into a shrine. The star will have fulfilled its mission... and your papa's troubled spirit can be at rest. -What do you think, Sister? -I don't know. I was so happy when the star came.  It seemed warm and beautiful. But now, Sister... it looks almost ugly. -Don't feel bad, Ben. -I wanted that medal so much. John-Boy's gotten awards for his writing. Mary Ellen got this for her racing. And Jason got second prize for playing harmonica. Erin got this for sewing. And Jim-Bob got this for the funniest costume at Halloween. And this is yours for learning Bible verses. You said the girl couldn't spell the word either. Well, we both missed it. -You still have a chance. -I won't win. You don't know that. If the wish was gonna come true I wouldn't have missed it at all. -How's Grandpa doing? -No change. You finished at the Baldwins'? I just barely made a start and then they asked me to go home. Something wrong? It's Cousin Polonius. I purely hate and despise that man. I mean it, Grandma. He's got Miss Mamie and Miss Emily all upset about their star. I don't know. He says it's a sign that what they've been doing is a sin. Them two? What kind of sinning could they do? They make the Recipe, and he says that's a sin. -You ever heard of such a thing? -He's right. -Mama, come on. -You know my feelings. Seems to me everybody around here is hell-bent on tying that star up with wrong-doing and sinning and dying! Why can't you see it as a good thing like I do? -Where are you going? -I'm gonna chop some wood. I wish I could make up my mind what the star falling means to me. Or even whether it has a meaning. Couldn't it be something as natural... as green leaves turning red in the fall or water freezing to ice in the winter... melting in the spring? I only wish Grandpa could see it that way. I couldn't sleep worrying about Grandpa. Come on in. I thought I'd study my spelling. Sure. -Okay for a little while? -Yeah. This is what I should've done instead of counting on that star. It kind of let you down, huh? Do you think sometimes when wishes don't come true... it's our own fault? I wouldn't be surprised. -John-Boy... -Yeah. If I thought of an idea for a story and I wrote it down... would you read it? Sure, Ben, you know I would. I've come over to ask a favor. You know anything we can do for you and your family... we will. It's about my father. Such a fine gentleman. There's no one in our acquaintance who can sing a song quite like your father. Especially when he's had a sip or two of Recipe. Oh, Emily. That Recipe has produced a lot of good music. Oh, my, yes. How Papa loved to harmonize over a glass of Recipe. It always seemed like one of life's pleasures. But if Papa's come to think it's wrong and sinful.... Why would your Papa think that? Well, Cousin Polonius seems to think that... that's what Papa meant by sending the star. It came as a warning to us.  Stop making the Recipe, take down the machine. Cousin Polonius is going to remove the temptation. He and Col. Henderson have gone to secure a truck. Now, you ladies are sure that Cousin Polonius has your best interests at heart? Oh, yes, and he knew Papa. Almost as well as Sister and I did. So if he says this is why Papa sent the star, it must be so. Emily, Mr. Walton came to ask a favor. Yes, I'm sorry. -Oh. -Oh. -Hey, Daddy. -Son, what are you doing home? Thought I'd slip away from school during lunch recess to see how Grandpa was doing. -He's still in bed? -What are you carrying in there? I got here some medicine from the Baldwins. John Walton, you're not bringing bootleg whiskey into this house. It's stronger medicine than that. Grandpa, I got something here you should see. What is it? Now, what do you think it is? Looks to me like a piece of burned-up old coal. -A clinker. -It's your star. What? I don't believe it. I thought since this made you take to your bed... and shortened your life and filled your mind with gloom and graveyards... you might wanna take a look at this heavenly piece of junk. Why, I fail to understand it. And when we bury you up there on Walton's Mountain... could be the Baldwin sisters will let you... keep that thing and put it on your grave. John, now you stop. Could be we could have an epitaph: "Zebulon Walton, killed by a falling star... -"2 miles from where it hit." -John, this is hateful. Say goodbye to your grandpa. Let him lay back fold his hands, and die in peace. Now, that's enough of that! You might be aware that you're not the only one. You've got company, you know. Miss Mamie and Miss Emily haven't picked out their gravesites yet... but they're letting their Cousin Polonius... cheat them with this clinker here out of their Recipe  Polonius Baldwin? Is he here? That low-down, no-good, cheap, conniving son of a sea cook! Getting a truck now to take away their temptation. I don't believe the Baldwin sisters... should let go of their daddy's old Recipe Machine. Just too bad you're stuck there in that bed 'cause they have such a high regard for you... that you could probably change their minds. But you're too busy dying. Esther, get me a clean shirt. John-Boy, you were right. Easy, Colonel, easy. I can't bear to look and I can't bear not to look. Believe me, ladies, once this temptation has been removed... it will be as though a great weight had been lifted from you. I do feel a heaviness in the heart. To change this room, to send away Papa's things. Oh, Sister. You hold your horses there now a minute, gentlemen. Oh, Mr. Walton. What a lovely surprise. Kindly lay your burden down, men.  It is a concern of mine. These lovely ladies are treasured friends of mine since their girlhood. And I'm not one to stand idly by... and watch a conniver walk away with their happy inheritance... cousin or no cousin! The ladies have seen a new light. You mean... Excuse me. You mean the light from this star? As a matter of fact, yes. That star came smashing from the heavens... like a great fiery fist destroying the wellsprings of wickedness. But it didn't. That's the point. It did not smash or destroy one thing. That star came millions of miles from God knows where... and I say that reverently... to fall through your roof and land here on the floor. And it did not destroy or graze... one thing in this wellspring of friendliness... or smash one single jar in these well-stocked shelves. -Sister, that is true. -Yes, it is. I am through looking for signs in the course of nature. A maple tree drops its leaves doesn't mean the tree is dead. And a falling star is a falling star. If we make anything more of it, it's our fault, not the star's. My boy convinced me that we can think ourselves into anything. That is my thinking. The warning is perfectly clear. Why, that star just nestled in here just as light as a feather and landed here. If it did bring any kind of a message... it was "enjoy" not "destroy." And the message to come through was not one of sinfulness or wickedness. It was the star wished to find a lovely, happy home to make its landing. And what could be more appropriate than the Baldwin place? Oh, Mr. Walton Papa himself could not have said it better. You are making a terrible mistake, ladies. I am shocked that you would let an outsider come between Baldwins. Oh, Cousin Polonius, Sister and I both know...  Then you must not be influenced by a stranger. I spoke to Sheriff Bridges on the way over. Yeah, that's right. He did say he's coming by to see the star shortly, didn't he? How very nice. Now where is Col. Henderson going, Cousin Polonius? We have several important transactions... pending in the capital. It is obvious that our efforts to be of help here are a waste of time. Ladies. Sister, I do fear we have offended Cousin Polonius. Don't be alarmed, ladies. As I recall it, Cousin Polonius has a very forgiving nature. At any rate, Papa's Recipe Machine is safe. I think this is an occasion that requires a celebration... with some of the Recipe made by Papa himself. Oh, Sister! The 1925 or the 1927? Well, let's have a little of both. I declare now. Here we are. Mr. Walton, the '25. And we'll give you a little 1925, too. -Yours is the first. -I'll take the '27.  As soon as I mentioned the word "sheriff"... Polonius and his crony took off. Leaving the Recipe Machine and the star in the hands of its rightful owners. You stayed there long enough, I was beginning to worry. That's good. Makes you happy to worry me, old man? Sure, because I know how much you enjoy worrying about me. Mama! Daddy! What is it, honey? -What have we got here? -A medal, Daddy. -Ben won it. -Best speller in whole class. A medal. -Isn't that something. -Look at that beautiful thing. You must have worked mighty hard for this, son. -I did. Didn't I, John-Boy? -You sure did, champ. You come on over here with me. I'll show you where to put it. We're just gonna put that right here. Dead center. -Congratulations, son. -Thank you, Daddy. It was not every day that a star fell on Walton's Mountain but nearly every day brought some small miracle. The beauty of the turning seasons...  and the constant revelation of all that lies in the human heart. Over it all loomed the unfailing love of our mother and father... more constant than the stars in their courses. What holds a star up in the sky? They're stuck up there on something. What makes one fall? They burn out like electric light bulbs. How come you're so much smarter than me? I'm older. Good night, Jim-Bob. Good night, Elizabeth. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 