Criminal: Germany: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Criminal: Germany 
 s1e2 - Yilmaz - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Criminal: Germany (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Yilmaz - full transcript 
 A once clear-cut case of domestic violence grows murky as a powerful father-in-law?s lawyer inserts himself into the mix to control the narrative. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES Hello? Please! I just want to know how she's doing! So he's in shock now, too? Hello? Hello? I can hear you again. So I... Christian, I understand. I have to go. I'll call you back. Where is he? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What I wouldn't give... No, no, Proska. That's what Marquardt is waiting for. One procedural error, and it's over. It's obvious what he's telling him. Heat of the moment? An accident? He wants to get him off scot-free. He'd consider anything else a loss. Nine out of ten people who fall down the stairs - women, sorry but... Do me a favour. - Neighbours, friends, family... - My shift is over. Did they fight a lot? Ask the usual stuff. The officers from the precinct... We have nothing. They need to send us everything they have: witness statements, forensics, everything. Not just leave us with this guy. We especially need the nanny. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She's from Ukraine. Do you need a translator? That's not necessary. Sorry, I was already on my way here. I didn't call you. Nannies, Marquardt, that address... How can someone like him afford all that? How's my wife? She's still in surgery. Skull fracture. Broken eye sockets. My client knows of his right to remain silent. Given the gravity of the accusation of intentionally pushing his wife down the stairs, I'm ready to answer all questions on his behalf. Why should only you get to use the seating layout to your advantage? Are you sure you don't want to speak for yourself? What happened? That would help us. And you. Who's his wife? Johanna Millberg. Or something like that. Something like that? No? OK. It's like out of a picture book. Yussef makes himself invisible. As if he wasn't there. He's avoiding eye contact. Which means? He won't say a word. Thursday, November 8th, 2018. 8:48 p.m. The interview of Yilmaz Yussef. Present are Detective Chief Inspector Schulz, the suspect, Yilmaz Yussef, and his legal counsel, Dr Marquardt. What happened? It was an accident. She tripped. Did you see her fall? My client saw nothing. If you didn't see it, how do you know what happened? The burden of proof lies with you, Schulz. You're the one saying my client is responsible for his wife's fall, so... Where were you that you didn't see anything? Mr Yussef was lying in bed. And your son and the nanny? In the kitchen. What were you doing? He was trying to sleep. Pretty early, wasn't it? Your nanny called the emergency services at 7:30 p.m. Migraine. Could you check this against the officers' report? - What? - If a doctor can confirm his migraines. Or that medication was impairing his judgement. It doesn't add up. Yussef's body language. PRIVATELY INSURED PATIENTS BERLIN Whenever Marquardt talks, he turns, and his eyes... Hello. Please come quickly. Marquardt is lying. - Where are you calling from? - Schlachtensee. Ms Hanna fell down the stairs. Please, come. Please give us the exact address. Am Schlachtensee. Where exactly? 302. "Fell down the stairs." It doesn't sound like anyone else had a hand in that, does it? You're replaying what happened in your mind, aren't you? Am Schlachtensee. Where exactly? 302. Do you hear footsteps? On the stairs? What else do you hear? Am Schlachtensee. Where exactly? 302. Your sneakers squeaking on the marble floor. Do you always wear them after you've gone to bed? Do you really want an answer? - Is the house right on the lake? - Yes. The boathouse alone is 40 square metres. Who owns the house? His wife. Whether Mr Yussef put on his shoes when he got up or kept them on in bed, because he was in so much pain is no evidence of a violent act. What did you and your wife talk about that evening? Did you argue? When did you come home? Mr Yussef was at work and at the gym. - So you work? - He's a financial controller. - Where? - At MSC. Which stands for? Millberg Schürmann Consulting. Mr Yussef is Christian Millberg's son-in-law. He's the one who sent you. Before you finish your coffee and have to lie awake half the night, this is what happened: Mr Yussef discovered that his wife, Johanna, fell down the stairs in their apartment after she had apparently tripped. Who fed you that line? The father-in-law? As I already said, it was an accident. The officers who arrived on the scene after being alerted by the ambulance, for which I'd like to thank you on behalf of Mr Millberg and the police chief, who is a good friend of Mr Millberg's... These officers were presented with a misleading picture of the situation for which there is no concrete evidence. Your lawyer is saying your wife fell without outside interference. Is that your statement? Can Ms Dovgala verify your statement? The nanny. Ms Dovgala. Has she given you a statement that you could show us? No wonder the precinct sent him to us. We're the ones who'll get burned. What does that mean? Is it over? That man is lying. Can we prove it? She can't have vanished. I've contacted the feds. The agency that sent the nanny refuses to talk. Their clients are all bigwigs. Bring the photos to Proska. Do you know who's in there? The nanny left fast. She was the only witness. That's Christian Millberg's son-in-law. I'll bet she's sitting in business class on a flight to Kiev by now. With pocket money from Marquardt. - There's no evidence of a crime. - A woman is in the hospital. Why would Millberg provide a solicitor to his son-in-law? A lawyer who plays dirty. I know Marquardt. He's skilled. He teaches at the police academy. He has a more nuanced view. It's just a game to him. When he finds a fly in the soup, people who couldn't be more guilty get off scot-free. We need to do this together. Quietly. By the book. Quietly? So you look good to the higher-ups? Do you want to send his wife back there? I'd say it's aggravated assault or attempted manslaughter. I couldn't care less what his father-in-law thinks. Criminal law isn't "quiet" or "efficient". Why would Christian Millberg, a man whose foundation advises the German government, hire a lawyer to get his son-in-law released if there was even the slightest indication his child was a victim of domestic abuse? I want to know what happened and why she was lying on those stairs. And you and Marquardt won't stand in my way. You're really trying hard to get yourself fired, aren't you? You don't even have any evidence. We're continuing the interview. Where did you get that? Collected as evidence. You'll get everything, of course. This is in front of your home this morning. Your wife and your son on their way to daycare, I presume. Right? Fifteen minutes later, you're on your way to work. We already discussed this. The daycare is on the way to your office. Why didn't you drive together? You spent the day at work and the gym, correct? Do you care to say anything? Mr Yussef was at work and the gym. Fine. 11:45 a.m. Short workday, I'd say. At 11:00 a.m., you decide to leave work. Correct? 12:30 p.m. Time to go to the gym? It's just... You don't have a gym bag with you. Maybe you keep it at the gym? Where is your gym anyway? We found a card in your wallet. Müllerstrasse. Müllerstrasse, Mr Yussef? None of this has to do with what happened that evening. Does it, Schulz? Have you informed your client that making a false statement carries serious consequences? As does inciting someone to make a false statement. No one was at the gym. It's been under renovation for three months now. You don't have to say anything. And neither do I. No, you don't. That's correct. But... What you've said, work and the gym... We found out in no time that your whole timeline doesn't add up. I'm thinking maybe nothing of the little you've said, migraine and whatever, is actually true. Two things bother me. Your nanny disappeared without a trace. She's from Ukraine, so I'm not fooling myself into thinking I'll ever get a statement. But if Ms Dovgala could exonerate you, why did she leave so suddenly? Or might she have revealed something that would incriminate you? And, since you're letting him do all the talking, it only makes me assume the worst. That he's lying for you. And if we dig around a while longer and discover things, and you keep quiet... it won't matter how rich your father-in-law is. What would a prosecutor think? Correct me here, but he'll think five years. - Speculation. - For aggravated assault. - Speculation. - Or more. If you have something to say, say it now. How old will your son be when you get out? I'm not going to fucking prison, OK? I won't leave my son on his own. This is interference. You know that. It'll blow up in your face in court. Why did you leave work after two hours? A meeting. With Christian. Your father-in-law. Why didn't you say that before? My client and I agreed to keep Christian Millberg out of this because of his position. In order to maintain an unbiased picture of the situation. A picture made up of individual pieces that don't fit together. A pack of lies and bad ones at that, Mr Marquardt. I'm guessing you didn't have ample time to prepare? Everything was normal. Your wife is still in surgery. That's anything but normal. What did you talk to your father-in-law about that caused you to head home two hours later? A tax audit. Complete sentences would be nice. I know I'm good at my job. My team checks my work. It was all correct. And he tore it up. So you took some time off? The old man can fuck himself. You're putting words in my client's mouth, Schulz. I needed space. From what? What were you thinking about in those 45 minutes at home? What did you do? I tidied up in the playroom. Even though you have a nanny? That's nice. I understand. Is that why you went to the daycare? Because you went there instead of the gym. I wanted to see my son. My colleague just spoke with the teacher. You wanted to pick up Leo. There was an argument. Why? It's because you don't have custody. Your wife took you off the list at the daycare. You're not allowed to pick up Leo. But the nanny can. And... My father-in-law. Right. The woman said... Leo saw you in the schoolyard and was determined to leave with you. She was so sorry she couldn't allow it. Why did you drive there? I wasn't thinking anything. I just wanted to see him. How long have you been married? - Is this of any importance? - Five years. How old is Leo? Four. You automatically get custody rights once you're married. What happened between you and your wife for her to deny you custody? Proska. Is there a history of domestic violence? A withdrawn complaint or a hospital stay, if we're lucky? Maybe they'll find old scars while she's in surgery? You may owe Schulz something. Can you explain this to me? If we're accusing him of domestic abuse, and his family knows about it, and that's why he lost custody, why would his father-in-law provide him with a lawyer? He'd be begging for him to go to prison for a hundred years. But Marquardt is going for the opposite. Idiot. Excuse me? He should know she's trouble. What a bitch. Are you happy, Mr Yussef? How did you meet? At a party. I had no idea. About what? Who Hanna was. She shared an apartment in the heart of town. I didn't think anything of it. Then I heard that her dad didn't just own the apartment, but the whole fucking building. When did you realise that? When she was pregnant with Leo. Planned? Unplanned? We had been dating for about six months. But not keeping the baby wasn't an option? No way. Excuse me, I don't want to seem tactless, but I have to wonder, with you being from the borough of Wedding and your wife... Do you think your father-in-law pictured something different? He pictured medifferent. Hanna and I told ourselves, we wouldn't let him come between us. We both wanted to keep Leo. My father-in-law agreed under a few conditions. And those were? Pre-nup, separation of property... He saw to all of it. And then you got married? It was a small event, nothing fancy. And then Leo was born? We moved, and then he was born. And despite all of this marital bliss, you let your wife have sole custody? Why? You don't have to respond. "Don't have to" or "shouldn't"? What happened? May I answer for you? What you're implying, Schulz, if I may be blunt, is the occurrence of domestic abuse. - Is that so? - I... You're implying, as in the daycare matter, that my client doesn't have his impulses under control. And that the family knows it, which explains the new custody arrangement. As I already said, my client is eager to thoroughly clear up the matter. There were arguments that escalated and led to physical violence. Mr Yussef deeply regrets this. The severity of those injuries was never intended. Mr Yussef is, of course, ready to begin therapy. So what he's saying is that due to an argument today, probably about you showing up at your son's daycare or animosity between you and your father-in-law, that you had an altercation with your wife. And, as a result, your wife fell and severely injured herself. Is that right? Is that statement correct? The prosecutor can clear up everything else with me. OK? You'll go to jail for that. A maximum sentence of one year. What he said is correct. Be careful not to drink too much coffee, Schulz. Let's adjourn. He confessed. There's a motive, and you just obtained a statement. What more do you want? Let's adjourn! So? The neighbours confirmed loud arguments between Yussef and his wife over the past three years. Violence? They wouldn't rule it out. It's open to interpretation. They say nothing for years, until someone mentions domestic violence. People see what they want to see. In light of the evidence and the fact that we're dealing with Millberg's son-in-law here, I think a confession is the best we can get. - They're taking us for a ride. - Is the world against you again, Schulz? Ludwig presents us a stack of incriminating evidence, and whether Yussef is lying or not... - He is. - They both are. So how did his wife end up at the bottom of the stairs? We have no reason to detain Yilmaz Yussef any longer. We'll alert the prosecutor, and he'll be taken into custody or issued a summons. End of story. Good evening. Time for a reward now? If you ruin my dinner... You're ruining that young man's life. I think he made his bed long ago. BLACK COFFEE Anything you recommend? I'm not satisfied yet. I'm sorry, Schulz. Really. You're always great when you're well prepared. When you can neatly put the pieces together. I wonder why that is. Is it because you were trained in the former East? Collecting information so meticulously. And then summoning them. And then... What did you do to those people? Is that a threat? I'm just thinking out loud. Why you never win and I never lose. And why you might want to swallow your pride and righteousness. I'll give you ten more minutes. You can question my client. And if I'm still in there once I've finished my snack, my office will find out how long you can detain a suspect after a confession without issuing an arrest warrant. And what do we do if you choke on that first? We're continuing the interview. I've told you everything. If I understand you correctly, you were a happy couple until you got married? What changed? Stress. Everyday life. Stuff like that. Because of working for your father-in-law? Life was different before. I started working at the firm. Once our son was born, so did she. We didn't see each other a lot. Other people would say you won the lottery. Great wife, new job, a ton of money. Doesn't that sound good? Were your parents born here? They're from a village outside of Izmir. What did your parents have to say? About my wife? Yes, did they object? They didn't think she was good for me. What did they want for you? A Turkish wife? We visited my parents once. Hanna thought it was... You could see what she was thinking. The small apartment and all... And my mother is easily offended. Did your parents come to the wedding? Would you have liked to see your family more frequently? In general, with your son? Make things work out? I had to decide. I love my parents, but I also love my wife. If you love her so much, what did your wife do to make you angry enough to attack her? Describe it to me. - That moment, so I can better unders... - Nothing, OK? Don't mess with me. Nothing? Nothing happened. But you chose your wife and son over your own family. OK. Nothing happened. But you lost custody? It doesn't make sense, but OK. Nothing happened, but you pushed her down the stairs. That's a lot of "nothing happened," isn't it? She can't help it. Help what? That's it. We're done here. Interesting. The doctor just sent us what he's got. - Can you even use that as evidence? - Is that his doctor? He said he was sure something was coming. ORTHOPAEDIC SURGEON He can't do that. Doctor-patient confidentiality. We aren't the only ones playing dirty here. Let me know if you need anything else. It's for the best. Believe me. Nadine Keller, right? Do you remember me from the academy? I was watching. Would you stand up, please? Could you please roll up your left sleeve? - Why? - Why not? No. Just do me a favour, will you? Or is something bothering you? So that we can all see. What is there to see? What? The scars from the scalds. The cut on your upper arm. Ms Keller. - This interrogation is over. - Is it? - Yes, it is. - I think we get to decide that. - On what basis? - On the basis of evidence. Well... Your partner, Schulz, has been most successful there. - I have said everything. - I know. You and your lawyer struck a deal. And you're prepared to go to prison for a year. According to your own statement, you threatened your wife numerous times. It's also likely, according to your statement, you became violent on numerous occasions. The culmination of that is the reason we're sitting here now. You know very well that, despite you having pushed your wife, there is one circumstance that would give you complete immunity. Self-defence. I made my statement. To be honest, when I first found out I asked myself: Why aren't you saying it? I can only think of one plausible explanation. You're getting something in return. The only thing that means anything to you under these circumstances. Custody of your son. OK. That's enough. This interview ended ten minutes ago. Everything said here after you waltzed in never even happened. You confronted my client with new evidence that his legal counsel, who is no longer officially here, has no knowledge of. Additionally, my client refuses to make any statement. Do you want me to tear you apart in court, piece by piece? Were you asleep during my lectures? Mr Marquardt, let's do it like this. Let's treat this as a purely informal discussion, not admissible in court. When my partner is done, you can decide if you want to make a statement. If not, everything remains mere speculation and is completely irrelevant. Think of your child. Just listen to me. You meet a young woman, and you're both very happy together. She doesn't know much about you, and you don't know anything about her background. Things get tricky when you start planning for the future. Your child... introducing the in-laws... You gave up a lot for your wife. You don't know her. I'd do anything for Hanna. And how does Hanna feel about it? You moved into your wife's mansion. What about the sports car and the job you're unsuited for? What happened to make you give up everything and act as if you had been born a Millberg? She wanted it that way. Why? You better keep your mouth shut. I can imagine that it's never enough. You can't ever really become someone else, can you? New clothes, a car... It's never enough, is it? And you're never perfect. How did Hanna deal with that? Did you get on her nerves? Did she swear at you? What happened on July 14th, three years ago? What the hell? Where's the evidence for this wild speculation? According to the medical report, you arrived just after closing. I already told him everything. What? I fell from a ladder. What ladder? In our bathroom. If I ask my colleagues to search your home for a ladder, will they find one? It's broken. And September 27th? You know this defies patient confidentiality? - Section 97 of the German Criminal Code. - Meaning? Seizure of evidence in case of imminent danger. What danger could cause a doctor to break patient confidentiality? That you're faster. Like with the nanny, who could've told us if there was a ladder in the house, and how Mr Yussef got the injuries on his arms. Did Mr Marquardt see those injuries? Would you like to show him? On September 27th, you came in with those scalds plus two broken ribs from a few days ago, not having been seen by a doctor. The man found it most alarming. And do you know why? Because you refused to explain how it all happened. And he was certain those injuries had to come from a physical attack. He made a note in his records. She can't help it. What did your wife hit you with? You never went back there again. Which doctors did you go to after that? It's believed that after the first act, the assailant becomes less inhibited. Four months passed between the first two incidents. How frequently is it these days? More than once a week? Is that how often she hits and injures you? And did you snap today saying you wouldn't go back to work, wanting to see your child? We can ask you about it now or later. So you can answer questions about the doctor's statement. We can look for other doctors and witnesses. If there are any... You can also seek new legal counsel. I love her. I love my wife. How far do you want to go? This could've ended badly for you. Not being as fortunate as your wife. She loves me. She apologised and said it would never happen again. How often did she say that? You couldn't talk to anyone, because you were ashamed. And you've never defended yourself. How could you? People would've held you for the assailant. Now you can make a statement. Believe me, she'll be prosecuted for what she's done to you. We have evidence. You just have to make a statement. Christian, is the boy still awake? He's still awake. Do you want to talk to him? Hi, Leo. I'm a friend of your grandpa. Hang on a second. Your dad is here. - Leo? - Daddy? Hey. Why are you still up? - They let you watch TV? - Yes. What did you watch? Spiderman. Nice. But now it's time to go to bed. I will. I'll be back late tonight. I'll dream of you. - Good night. - Good night, Daddy. Nighty night, sweetheart. See you soon. Didn't you want to say anything about the accusations against your wife? My wife didn't do anything. You think people are together, because they make each other happy. Others are together because of their unhappiness. And? It's like you said. Custody in exchange for keeping his mouth shut. If we investigate Johanna Millberg, bye-bye custody. A Turkish guy does a year in jail for domestic violence. Who'd ask questions? The surgery is over. Everything's OK so far. That's good for him. I'm happy you kept going. Was it quiet enough for you? That's not the point. You were right. - Maybe... - Get home safe. Pregnancy suits you. Good night. Don't go acting like Schulz now. Playing the prima donna doesn't suit you. Thanks, but I think we have nothing more to say to each other. Be a good sport. They say you're here for the review. And as you can see, it's a team that works well together. If the present is the sole consideration. But Schulz has a long history with the police. What's that supposed to mean? You'll have to ask Schulz. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 