The Innocents: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Innocents 
 s1e1 - The Start of Us - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Innocents (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Start of Us - full transcript 
 When a teenage couple run away to be together, the extraordinary gift they possess unleashes powerful forces intent on dividing them forever. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The latest news on the world of movies and serials In our Telegram and Instagram .:. @OfficialCinama .:. «:: Translator: Michael, Aria ::» |^| Do not do this What did she do? Why did you do this Do not care for your illness? No, it's not just that But if you did not go, would you go? .Yeah What I say at this moment ..And what I feel later Other are not the same 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You are now under my care "When I heard you and Steiner ..That have a plan, me I really wanted to support you But I thought "Jun" came here I screwed up what I lost I could not focus If it was not for you, none of this was here That's how we built the shelter Most of all So we can help these women "And now this young girl," Jun We have formed a family here Is not it "bin"? Really love me We lost the "process" I can not stand my loss .I can not "It's not the end," Rona This is just the beginning 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And I'll do whatever I can .Everything I know you do Harry  I'm so excited  . Just add it.  I can pretend to be a good girl I'm continuing for the last day.  Jun "?" .. We have been waiting for a long time .. And now, after all my letter  With all your dreams, never belittle . We may not have come to the truth  . We run away Let's go free  ! "Jun" Morning! Far from her daddy and her nonsense .. telling me what to do  .. And how do i feel it  . And he thinks he can put me on a Scottish island  Where can I never be big  Well, forget it I'm with you  . Because when I'm with you, I feel it can be anything  Harry "?" Can you get the hair of "Lewis"? After all that you left behind . You have hope  and brave  . And you see me as someone I am  ... and make you feel  ! "Jun" . Be alive  I know that everything will change And I'm ready for it  Water is coming .close your eyes "I love you" Harry Potter I do not know if I'm going to buy it today There is no problem, I'm going Okay, take a 20-foot box of cans .Arone "Comes up for another minute" - .OK - Yila, come up, daddy You always wished for life in the north You would love Scotland Where are you It's sweet and dreamy Well, I'm not supposed to be there, is not it? what has happened? Picking vegetables, breaking brooms .. to dress up Everything I do is a kind of job We live here for a living We have a lot of tasks to do You got worried Do not you sleep yet? I do not see any glimmering I just see a nightmare Very real Sometimes I do not know if I sleep or wake up I'm going to have another test today .. I found a more comfortable way to talk to you Finally, we are like you - ..."Elena" - I was here for 4 months And you do not know anything From where you came from and from the person you left them - !"Elena" - It has been told you too We do not let our secret go The rope also causes the power to change And you should know it better ... He said that tomorrow is the birth of "Jun" e .Tomorrow You are with me No, let me take it myself You must stop doing this I talk to her .. I know that I do not like this, but Are not cool Do you take me too .Thankful I know the first one is strict When we get there You can be alone in peace .. The idea that you do not have to pretend You are angry, I give you the right . A difficult change .it's scary But we all need to change .no problem .. I talked to him and Get started with a fresh start You're always surprised me The bigger one is outside I can live there .Thankful Okay, you see later Daddy - .see you later - . I am from this  The latest letter I give you here  . And you know what? I miss you for our contact  .. I'm thinking of how sensitive your hands are  .. kiss you  You never feared anything Or you did not live secretly for the bob  "I want to get away from all that," Jun . And never tell you who you are  Yeah, the Qalpaqa is clean The number is 321,000 kilometers . And his gear is also spoiled But no problem .. I know I'm joking about being stupid, but  I'm not stupid -  .that's good - Yes, I'm mummy - . that's good - This is 90 to "Harry", our comrade was 200 .Yeah Where did you get it from? Does not matter with money, is not it? Quitting hard  . And when we go, I do not know we can never come back again.  But being isolated from you is much worse than anything else . That's where we'll be there.  . I feel everything is about to begin  But be sure to be sure Both of us get together I call you.  Both of you, yeah? Who is he now? You do not get out of the underneath is not it? Just switch the switch - Okay, listen, take a safe trip - I was glad to welcome you - Let's go to Gawin Bresson - .. So if you have another idea  .. if overly or painful  I understand  . "But I love you, John McDonald  But if you like me too, you know what you should do  Say goodbye to everyone? .Yeah Hi, the sun has risen - Okay, I'll admit it - Well, what did you give me? So, pack your bags and bags, right? Were you ready for the "Wicker Man" movie? What's the matter? ..Joon, "you" Got worse today - .Yeah - ..Behold You are 16 years old And John wants to take him away And he wants to go home .. no school No comrade works No one should get caught up Do you want to be the last and end of your life like me? - .This is the name of everything and the neck of Baba - He is not our father I really would not like it like that Bibi, a treatable isolation disease You know, if only help someone You can get here .. I know it looks horrible - I'm not afraid - ..This It's not the only one I want to see And it's not something I want to do "You see me only," Ryan And I'm not supposed to be here anymore .listen .run How far can you get away? Do not look behind you Wait, wait Jerry, "you love" It takes care But there is not much money .. bobbin, it's been up ahead It's enough to get you off No, this is your money, I can not - Birthday card - .take this .Miss you .be ready An hour An hour Be daddy You can do this Do not drink cold  .are you ready? I'm from this .go right ahead I'm going out one are you going to sleep? You're kidding You could see "Jun" I have a daddy OK? And you always wonder You can have a nice gift You should be familiar with my son .Come I sleep Ryan? are you well? what has happened? what? Really? So, I parked the car down there Evil 16 years old You could be yourself Do it alone You can never please me with you We're going, Ryan Even if I have to be total Follow me If you do not go for me Come on for your sister "The only one who cares is important" , Because mommy went You want to imprison him ... You are at the same time ruining our whole family - Do not forget what you are - You must trust me When we arrived at the Fier desert We are talking to each other As a family  I understand why I'm doing this At 6am you will have breakfast with me here I want to awake at that time Been taken and showered OK. What do you think - Come on? - Yes, it's 100% different Oh, love this song! I love it I had never heard of it before But I loved it too I thought you were a quiet person I ran with Khan, han? - It's too late now - Hey! Hey Go back to the car Try it too! that is cool Actually, by the way .Sorry I overjoyed - No - I'm waiting here - OK - Heri what? Do not you like singing? what has happened? What pills do they have? Just something else I inherited my mommy Epilepsy When you are almost alike I was attacking him ... you've attacked so far - Oh no, no - I have control "But only soothing," Jun Mommy, a few years before He used the same tablet "And ... wrote on his tag" John McDaniel I did not know what I was doing ... It's like falling out of the bag, and I'm No, it's a bug ... it's okay, sir ...I I do not want to hide anything !Damn What are you doing? - I have to help - Come on here, okay? Hi, thanks for the sake of you - no problem - This is not correct here "Sad" law, no, no? [A law that says everything will go wrong in the worst possible time] . This ... is a scrap .Yeah - You ... are you talking about motors? - A little one - ... maybe that ... you can look at - Yes sure - Look, thank you - ... I do not have any motto, so for the same .no problem Yes, go turn it on See what I can do - Ok, awesome - "June" -  Give it a while -  Where do you know my name? - "I love my mom," Elina - Give me a gas. Again My name is Steiner I ... I do not understand I am, oh .. I have a message from my mom You're in the wagon I'm looking for you for weeks.  .Yeah Mommy ... where's my mommy - Secure place - He ... He asked me to find out Try it again  I do not believe in hell ...Yeah I do not know where the problem is ... but, oh Jun "?" - Look, I want to help - !no no no! Get away from me Hey !Let's go - !Leave it - Open the door! !No no - Jun "?" - !get on !Hey Hey - You lost! You lost! Get rid of us ,Calm down Can not be anything Let it be nothing ...Calm down Jerry, Bob Is he dead? ...we must We have to get out of the road - OK - We need to move it ... we have to get out of the road. Must .OK Take it away You have a kind of kindness He ... he knew who I was He ... She was talking about my mommy She said she had a message in her ear ... on my mommy's side Why we went and gone Hari, you have to ... you must You can go ahead in front of it Yes, soon Salam, I wanted a room Enjoy your ID card .Your service Pay with a Visa or Master Card ... we are We have cash Do you want a light breakfast? Oh no thank you "I'm a killer," Jun " .not  Done, you're not sure  We must contact the police  You do not think right now, okay? ... just  Just close the spots, okay?  ... but we  Let's go to God's Word  ,Yeah And now we will continue to ours, okay? ... but if we're dead, we can not continue to do so - ... Harry, stop. that - ... It was supposed to be a start again Shadow for everything And ... ourselves .I can not Everything has changed Everything has changed !No Steiner "Can you please ring me" What's up? You woke up, baby Why do not you come back to your bed? what has happened? Steiner called "last night" - What - Why did not you tell me? - You were under stress and stress recently - From that day on, you were not yourself - I want to forget that day - .you're welcome Well, well, it seems like good news He said the opportunity we were looking for came forward , Which he did not expect , But it was in a hurry And the letter was bad ... I tried to call her this morning, but .She did not answer .No. So we have to wait ..Ben ... what I wanted to do over the abyss It was bestial and selfish Do not go away I must be part of it I understand more I'm ... I want to help Jun We have a little chance. I know ... But if "Jun" is one of the Maha, he You are out of danger He's here in the shelter Her mother's seat , And next to us Where is the security There is a woman I know The one I love Gorbat, John Jun "?" You just wake up the object Jun "?" Am i Ryan? Wake Up Ryan? "Jun" gone .for God's sake Jun "?" Jun "?" Heri No, no! stop! stop! Harry Where is that? - You have to help me - ...I swear to God. If a hair is dropped from her head ... Listen to me, Harry, please - What did you do with Joon? - listen - What did you do with Joon? - Wait, wait Harry! Harry! No - !leave me - !wait - !leave me - !Behold! Behold I am Harry, I'm The latest news on the world of movies and serials In our Telegram and Instagram .:. @OfficialCinema.:. «:: Translator: Michael, Aria ::» | ^ |. | 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 