The Big C: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Big C 
 s1e5 - Blue-Eyed Iris - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Big C (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 5 - Blue-Eyed Iris - full transcript 
 Adam is not talking to his mother again since she caught him watching porn, which was bad enough, but what made it worse was that she continued to watch it with him and analyzed why it wasn't realistic from a female's point of view. Cathy realizes what she did with Adam was wrong, but she still wants to make sure that at age fourteen he is not yet having sex, and that when he does that he can both talk to her about anything in that vein and that he treat the girl properly. As she deals with this issue, she is beginning to see physical beauty around her, which includes blue iris flowers, her own body and how best to show it off, and the sexy new muralist at the school named Lenny. Meanwhile, Paul has sustained a rugby injury which has him sidelined, but not in the eyes of "rugby tart", Tina. And the building in which Sean is living is scheduled for demolition. The only way he figures he can save his makeshift home is to play the game by acting like one of the masses who has conformed to society. He gets an unexpected hand in looking the part. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm sorry. I think I was next in line. I didn't see you. That's weird. I was standing right here. Listen, I'm a little pressed for time. Do you mind if I just pay for my stuff real quick, and be on my way? Thanks. Hey. What the hell are you doing? Sorry, I'm a little pressed for time, too. I have cancer. So would you mind getting your shit off the counter so I can buy my irises and plant them before I die? Thanks. Adam! Come help unload the car! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hello, would you please come... Jesus, Mom, get out! Mom, get out! - Go away, get out! - I'm sorry. I can pretend that I didn't see what I just saw, but I'm not going to. You were obviously watching pornography, and I think we should talk about it. What? I know you're going through a lot of changes right now. You must have a lot of questions. - No, I don't. - Come on. There is nothing for you to be embarrassed about. I may be your mother, but I'm not a total prude. - Wait, Mom, what are you doing? - Opening the lines of communication. Well, they certainly didn't waste any time there, did they? Usually, a woman likes a little tenderness before reaching this point. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Okay, these are fake. Breasts this shape and size do not exist in the real world. - Oh, God! - No, no, and I hope that you realise, I mean, the only reason that she is moaning right now is because she's getting paid to. Because believe you me, no woman likes having three men hit her in the face -with their ejaculating penises. - Okay, Mom, please! - Can you just leave me alone now? - Well, no. - Thank you. - Apparently, I can't. Because if I do, you're gonna sit in this room and you're gonna watch porn all day, and that just isn't appropriate for children. Mom, I'm not a fucking child! Do not say "fucking"! Jesus! Excuse me. Excuse me. Sorry I'm late. I got stuck at work. Doing what? Swabbing the deck? Nice. Mock my pain. This eye patch happens to be covering up a very manly sports injury. I told you, you were going to get hurt playing rugby. Really? Well, thank you, Claire... Voyant. Can I get a couple of waters, please? Thank you. Amazing. I've tried to get that guy's attention, like, three times before, and he ignores me. And there was this woman earlier today who butted in front of me in line. What am I? Am I invisible or something? I think I'm gonna get the pulled-pork pozole. So, what was it that you so desperately needed to talk to me about? - I caught Adam watching porn. - Holy shit! What did you do? - I talked to him. - Terrible move. I know, it sucked. Like the girl in the video, on multiple penises. And Adam did not appreciate my informative commentary. Did you just say that you watched porn with our son? Oh. my God! - You have officially scarred him for life. - I know, I know. It's not funny. But seriously, I think he might be a little obsessed or something. You should see the recent history on his computer. There were hundreds of porn sites listed. No, I don't even know where he found them all. It's not that hard, honey. You just gotta Google, you know, the word "sex," or... Oh. my God! You don't think that Adam is having sex, do you? - He's only... He's 14. - He's not having sex. I think the larger issue here is that you watched porn with our son when you never would with me. Excuse me for not being a fan of the genre that objectifies and degrades women. Did it ever occur to you that some women might enjoy... - Come on! -...occasionally being seen as sexual objects. - That is such bullshit male logic. - Of course, you'd say that because the idea that somebody would actually invite that kind of attention is completely foreign to you. And I need to honour that. I need to honour that, and I do, it's not in your nature to be at the centre of anything. You're more of a nurturing, behind-the-scenes type of person. And I support the texture of your feelings. What the hell are you talking about? Look, Angela may have bad breath, but she does say some very astute things. And she thinks that the reason that we're drawn to each other as a couple is because we're such opposites, in that way. You know, I like to stand out, you like to blend in. All right, your therapist is really starting to piss me off. Come on, Cathy. You won't even wear skirts 'cause you don't want people looking at your legs. Angela says that in the best relationships, there can only be one person in the spotlight at any given time. That's why we work so well together. But we don't work well together. That's why we're living apart. Jesus. Sean! You scared the crap out of me. God, and what died inside of you? It looked like you were about to tongue that flower. I was just admiring it. Isn't it stunning? Like it was designed by nature just to be looked at. No, it was designed to attract bees. Until we killed all the bees with our pesticides and our chemically treated fertilisers. Why are you here, Sean? The building I squat in is about to be demolished. And the city pricks won't let me in their office to reason with them because they think I'm some crazy, homeless freak-0. Sounds accurate. Anyway, I looked into their ridiculously flawed budget plan, and I found some info that could save the building. So here, be a dear and make me three copies of these. Wow! Those one-and-a-half years of business school are finally paying off. I know. Dad would be so proud. I figure all I have to do is go in there dressed like a yuppie douchebag, and they'll hear me out. And since the only yuppie douchebag I know is Paul, can I borrow one of his suits? I doubt Paul would appreciate me lending you any of his things. Lucky for you, I don't care what he thinks right now, so have at it. - What's up, Uncle Sean? - Hi, honey... - Hey, man, what's up? - Not much. Hi, honey. Shut down! That kid really doesn't like you, does he? Shut up, Sean. Can I come in? Like I have a choice? I am sorry for the way I acted yesterday. I screwed up. And you're right. You're not a child any more, and I need to stop treating you like one. So, I want to give you these. Jesus, Mom, I'm not doing that. - You're not? - No. Why do you always have to make everything so weird? I'm sorry. I don't mean to make things weird. I just want to make sure that you're okay. And even if you're not doing, you know, this right now, which is really, really awesome and incredibly smart of you, look, I know it's just a matter of time before girls start throwing themselves at you. And I guess, I get worried because I may not be around to meet all of them. Well, thank God! Listen, I know I'm probably not your first choice to talk to about girl stuff, but if you have any questions about anything, you know you can always come to me, right? Yes, dear. Good. But can I just tell you, when you do start dating, you should know that women don't care so much about the sex stuff. I mean, they care. I mean, it's... Feels good and everything. And it's definitely an important part of any healthy relationship, -especially the foreplay. - Mom, you're making things weird again. I'm sorry. I just mean that sex isn't as important to us gals as other things. Like, you noticing us. You making us feel special. Because the thing is, women like attention. Even if they act like they don't. Even if they say they don't want you to make a big fuss about Valentine's Day or their birthday, deep down, they really wish you would. And if you're ever out on a first date, and you find that it's going, you know, there, and if you feel that you could totally score with her or whatever you guys call it now, just slow down. Because no matter what, a woman always wants to feel like she's worth waiting for. - You know what I mean? - Not really. But can this conversation please be over now? Yes, it can be over. Sweet. So can the man sing, or can he sing? He's all right. All right? That is Joe King you're talking about, young lady. That's his name? Joe King? Please tell me you're "jo-king". Well, you can laugh all you want, but the man is a legend. And I see you're getting your little groove on over there as well. Was not. But I was watching you shake your thing. You got a mighty fine ass on you, painter man. Hey. Now that... You shouldn't be talking to a man three times your age like that. Okay? It's not very nice. Who says I'm nice? Andrea. In class. Now, please. - It's really corny. - Yeah, well, I didn't design it. But I do like what it has to say. - It's positive. - Yeah, real positive. And then all those dreams get crushed by reality. Let me get that for you. Look like you got your hands full. Nothing I can't handle. Hey, scumbag! Put back whatever you're stealing from this house, or lose an arm, your choice. I'm not stealing anything. Trust me, there's nothing in this house I want. Baloney. You were gonna take that bag. And I saw you throw another one on your crap heap out there. I'm just collecting my sister's recycling. I swear. See? Cathy's your sister? - Sadly. - Prove it. Well, I destroyed all forms of personal ID, so as to avoid Big Brother tracking my every move, but I can tell you that my sister has never met a pair of khakis she didn't like. She sneaks cigarettes when she doesn't think anybody's looking and she can be a real sarcastic bitch in the morning. And pretty much the rest of the day, too. Can't argue with that. So what are you, homeless or something? No. No. I choose to live off the land. There is a difference. What's with the fat suit? Does it really look that bad? Take off that jacket and turn around. That'll work. Come over to my place. Okay. I am guaranteeing an automatic A to anyone who reads this pamphlet and then writes me an essay explaining why teenage pregnancy is a crappy idea. But what does this assignment have to do with American history? I don't know, Kristin. Take the stick out. I'd said you'd get an A. Hey, does that crack bother you? 'Cause I can fix it if you want. - Yeah. - Yeah? - That would be great. - Yeah. I'll add it to my list. Do that. Okay. Nice skirt, by the way. Yeah, suits you. Thank you. Oh, yeah. You like my sweet, shaved pussy, don't you? - Yeah. - Lick it, baby. Oh, just like that, yeah. So fucking hot. Mrs Jamison? Andrea, what are you doing out of your seat? I just wanted to tell you, that you'd better have tons of cash ready for this week's weigh-in because I am swimming in these jeans. I've been jogging at the park after school every day. Good for you. I'm glad to see you're finally motivated. Yeah, real motivated. Well, thanks for the warning, I'll make sure that I get to an ATM before Friday. Cool. And you should take off your glasses next time you wanna watch that shit. That's quite a bit of mail you got here, Marlene. Don't mess up the order of my Lillian Vernon catalogues. Okay. - Wow, check those out. - They were my husband's. I meant to get rid of them after he passed, but I never got around to it. From the width of you, I'd say you two were about the same build. - If they fit, you should take them. - Really? Wow. This is awesome. The stitching along these edges is killer. That was one of Eddie's favourites. He used to wear it whenever we'd go out dancing. You like to dance, Marlene? Because I happen to have quite the fancy foot. - Did you just put your hand on my ass. - I was feeling Eddie. No, you were feeling me. Watch yourself, homeless man. I don't know what my problem is, but for some reason, I always laugh when I'm nervous. It's a tic. This is... I don't even know why I'm doing this. I mean, this is so not me. Just try to relax. I'm very fast. Okay, okay. Okay, that wasn't so bad. Jesus. God, how do women do this all the time. I mean, it's so unbearable. Oh, please. Please, tell me that you're almost done. Really? You're putting wax there? God! Okay, I'm gonna stop talking now. Okay, all done. See? Wow! That really demands attention, doesn't it? Yeah, very sexy. Who is the lucky guy? There is no lucky guy. Sorry. Who is the lucky girl? Me. So this is fun, huh? Meeting your old dad for lunch? Yeah, it's been great. Get enough to eat? - You sure? - Yeah. - You can get an ice cream or something. - I'm good. Good. - How's everything at home? Okay? - It's fine. Yeah, you getting along with your mom all right? Yeah, I guess. Half the time, I don't even know what the hell she's talking about. That's because your mother is a woman. And women, unlike men, never say what they mean. They're annoyingly complicated that way. - That's a cute dog. - Yeah. Sean? Hiya, sis. You got those copies for me? I really need to get this show on the road. Am I in some alternate reality? Where did you get that briefcase and that suit? Old lady across the street from you. Marlene? Why would she do that? Well, I think she might have the hots for me, which, who can blame her? In fact, if we were just a little bit closer in age, I might even get in there. That old gal's still got a pretty tight ass. I can't get over how different you look. Why are you walking like you got a potato chip up your butt you don't wanna crack? I got waxed down there for the first time. Could you please not talk about the state of your vagina with me? I'm a very visual person. I also happen to think waxing's incredibly gauche. I'm all about the big bush, as nature intended. I know, I used to think women who waxed were self-hating anti-feminists, but I get the allure. Makes me feel powerful. I kind of wanna show it off. Well, don't show it to me. I'd rather not go blind before my meeting. Hey. Stop staring at my titties. I'm trying to jog. Wait, wait, what? No, no, I'm not staring at anything. How come your face is getting all red? I bet you never seen titties as fine as these, have you? Yes, I have. And way bigger. I bet you never touched any, though. So? I could if I wanted to. You wanna touch mine? - Shut up. - You can. I'm serious. Touch them. No, no. You don't want me to do that. Go back to playing with your little ball. Let me jog in peace. - Can I help you, sir? - I'm sure you can. My name is Mr Tolkey. And I'm here to see someone regarding the property on Hennepin and Fourth. Okay. I don't see you on the schedule. Did you have an appointment? Not an official one, no. But what I have to say will only take about five minutes, so I'm sure you can work your magic and slip me in. Unfortunately, no one will see you unless you have an appointment. I could try to fit you in sometime next month? No. No, no. You see, the bulldozers are scheduled to knock this building down by Friday, so it's vital that I talk to someone today. I'm afraid that's impossible. I'm sorry. Wish I could help. Do you? Do you really wish you could help? 'Cause it kind of sounds like you don't really give a shit. Excuse me? See, if you really wanted to fucking help, you would take this fucking phone and you'd tell your fucking bosses to give me a five-minute fucking meeting. Is there a problem here, sir? Yeah, the problem is, this office won't take the time to listen to the voices of its constituents. Well, I have a right to be heard! There you are. I was looking for you. You must be so bummed you can't play. No, I love using my one good eye to watch my buddies have fun without me. Really, my joy knows no bounds. Well, if it's of any consolation, I'm really digging your sexy pirate look. Really? Do I remind you of Johnny Depp in Pirates of the Caribbean? - That's kind of what I was going for. - Totally. All right, guys. Let's go. - I guess the game's starting. - Fuck 'em. What do you say, you and I make a little fun of our own? Sure, why not? All right. Crank up the radio, baby, I'm coming in. I wore a damn suit for this! I'm taking down your badge numbers. Are you sure you wanna do this? I can't stop looking at you. You're so beautiful. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 