Terriers: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Terriers 
 s1e6 - Ring-A-Ding-Ding - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Terriers (2010): Season 1, Episode 6 - Ring-A-Ding-Ding - full transcript 
 Dale Komack and his wife Elizabeth 'Beth', who has terminal cancer, hire the Terriers to track down her heirloom sapphire engagement ring. Dale confides in them it's not missing but needs to be retrieved from whoever his mistress sold it to. Once they find it, Beth has her own confessions and requests. Meanwhile, architect Jason Adler gets officially engaged to Hank's ex Gretchen, which inspires Britt to propose formally to Maggie, but she cheats on him with hunky veterinary school professor Gavin after a karaoke night Britt encouraged her to partake in. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Terriers: ROBERT: I need you to do this. HANK: Do what exactly? ROBERT: Steal a quarter of a million dollars from me. BRITT: Bearer bonds. JOSEPHINE: Here's your cut. HANK: This is my sister Steph. Why'd you leave St. John's? I thought you liked it there. STEPH: I got tired of the ward. All the people there are crazy. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 HANK: You're getting married again? GRETCHEN: Yeah. Jason, this is Hank Dolworth. Hank, Jason Adler. JASON: Sorry about that. BRITT: I'm so sorry. Excuse me. My fault. The guy was buying a tuxedo. There's his wallet. What's Maggie want with this guy, anyway? HANK: Background check stuff. BRITT: Now you're running a background check on her new new dude? HANK: She met him six months ago on the Internet. I'm just trying to make sure she does the right thing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 JASON: Someone keeps screwing with my credit and I don't know how. HANK: I'll look into it. Hey, Gretch. GRETCHEN: Yeah? HANK: I still love you. GRETCHEN: I don't know what I'm supposed to do with that. HANK: I don't either. In local news, late real eastate developer and accused murderer Robert Lindus was layed to rest today in a funeral service attended only by immediate family. This once prominent's citizen rapid fall from grace has rocked the quiet Ocean Beach community (sniffs) BRITT: Hey, sorry we're late. We, uh, we had car trouble. BRITT: What'd we miss? HANK: Not much, not much. They got into a huge fight. She called off the wedding. She said I was the one she always loved. Jason burst into tears, and I just stood there aloof. BRITT: Aloof's a good choice. STEPH: That didn't really happen. We just got here. KATIE: Steph, you look beautiful. STEPH: Gretchen lent me this dress. I'm Hank's pity date. But we're not sleeping together. BRITT: Hey. KATIE: Is that him? You know, he's nothing-- not much to look at. JASON: Hey, so glad you made it. HANK: Jason, hey, good to see you. Yeah. Oh, this is my partner Britt Pollack. Jason Adler. This is Katie Nichols his girlfriend. You remember my sister Steph. JASON: Of course. KATIE: Amazing party. JASON: Oh, thanks. Britt, have we-- have we met before? BRITT: No, I don't think so. STEPH: Societal norms baffle me. I mean, you feel this need to formally announce your engagement to the world, and yet I assume you already put your penis in her. JASON: Bar's over there. BRITT: Dude totally recognized me. HANK: Don't be paranoid. He thinks whoever used his credit cards got the numbers off the Internet. BRITT: Wait, except we didn't use his cards. You had me lift his wallet so you could do a background check. HANK: Yeah, yeah. Oh, and he was clean. BRITT: You used his cards? HANK: Man, you put his wallet back, remember? I mean, I used his numbers. BRITT: On what? HANK: Forget it. It's fine. In fact, he asked me to look into it for him. BRITT: Are we getting paid? HANK: It's a wedding gift. BRITT: Oh, you're a giver. HANK: Mm-hmm. Yeah, I am. KATIE: Oh... yeah. (baby cooing) She's adorable. What? BRITT: You know we can't go to their wedding, right? KATIE: Why not? BRITT: 'Cause no one would look at the bride. KATIE: Where's Hank? BRITT: I think he jumped. (seagull calling) GRETCHEN: You. HANK: Hey, Red. Thanks for making it. GRETCHEN: Likewise. There's that tie again. HANK: Yeah, well, my underwear's clean, too. GRETCHEN: And you cut your hair. STEPH: He hates it. HANK: Yeah. Hey, don't ever go to a barber named Delilah. STEPH: Or Hank. GRETCHEN: Steph, the dress looks great. STEPH: And I brushed. Congratulations on your marriage to not-Hank. GRETCHEN: Thanks, honey. HANK: Hey, you know, this reminds me of our engagement party. GRETCHEN: Oh, we didn't have an engagement party. HANK: Oh, that's right. I'm glad you're here, Hank. You didn't have to be. HANK: You didn't ha to invite me. GRETCHEN: It was Jason's idea. HANK: Well, he's a pip. (train bell clanging) JASON: Everybody. Uh, you guys, um, first of all, Gretchen and I want to thank you all for coming out today. We both feel incredibly blessed to have so many friends an-and family here to share in our joy. And it is a joy. Gretchen knows that if I'd had my way, we'd have been married the first week we met. I'm glad we didn't. I'm an architect, and I know how important it is to create a... a solid foundation. A structure with integrity. And our love is our foundation. And you guys-- our friends and our family, are, uh, the beams and girders which lift us up. So, we want to thank you. Um, I also want to say, Gretchen, you're a miracle. You came into my life at a moment when I'd stopped believing in miracles. You've renewed my faith. You've renewed my life. You make me alive. And I cannot wait to call you my wife. (applause) (cheering) HANK: Just had to get that architect stuff in there, didn't he? BRITT: Yeah. I-I got to-- I got to pee. Excuse me. HANK: Excuse me. How odd of an architect to use a house metaphor for their love, huh? Hey, are you okay? I haven't seen you like this since we listened to Wuthering Heights on tape. BRITT: Did you see Katie, man? I mean, did you see her? HANK: Yeah. Sh-She looks beautiful. BRITT: So what am I waiting for? I mean, maybe I'll screw it up, but right now, exactly now, when I hear her call my name when she walks in the door, I wake up in the morning I see her feet at the end of the bed, it just... HANK: She's... she's a beautiful person. BRITT: Hank, I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it-- I'm going to ask Katie to marry me. I'm going to ask her to spend the rest of her life with me. HANK: That's-- it's terrific. ReSync for 720p Web-DL by jacobian for HDbits.org BRITT: Wait, wait, wait, wait, how did you get this number? HANK: It's cumulative, okay? Ten grand for site rental, 15 for food, entertainment, rehearsal dinner, open bar. We're not even talking about the tuxes, her dress, rings-- it adds up. BRITT: It's a good thing we just made a hundred grand. I know where my half is going. HANK: Oh, yeah, hey, about those bearer bonds-- um, we can't touch those. BRITT: Did you spend it? HANK: I didn't spend it. BRITT: Hank... HANK: I stored it. Look, we can't touch that until this Lindus shit is well and cooled down. BRITT: Well, how long is that going to take? HANK: Two years. BRITT: I'm not waiting two years to marry Katie. HANK: No one's saying you should. MAGGIE: Thanks for getting here so fast. I appreciate it. BRITT: Where's the baby? MAGGIE: I sold it. You know, it shit absolutely everywhere. He's at home-- which is where I should be. I didn't cut into my maternity leave so you bozos could make bingo money. These clients are important people. They are better than you. Right now I'm just handling some minor probate stuff for them, but if all goes well, they sign with the firm and that's good for me. And what's good for Mama, etcetera... So try not to screw this up. BRITT: Your boobs are huge. MAGGIE: Stop staring at my son's lunch. HANK: Hard not to. So the stone is sapphire. It's Beth's great-grandmother's. So you can understand why we're so anxious to get it back. HANK: When did you first notice it missing? BETH: A few weeks ago. I was going through my estate, getting my affairs in order. As you probably guessed, I haven't much time left. Beth, don't talk like that. You're going to be with us for a very long time. We've beaten the odds before. The doctors told her she had, like, six months to live. That was over two years ago. BETH: In any event, I intend on leaving it to my son, Matthew. He's 16. Of course, I won't be around when he's able to give it to a young lady, but I wanted to make sure that he had it. MAGGIE: Of course. BRITT: So you don't really know for sure how long it's been missing? BETH: No, we don't. Dale has a theory, though. DALE: Yeah, I don't want to accuse anybody, but we have a woman Flora, that's worked for us for 15 years. HANK: You think the maid did it? DALE: Oh, no, no, Flora-- she'd never do that. But she's got a brother that stayed with her for a couple weeks last summer. He's not a U.S. citizen. I believe he's working at a hotel downtown. He would have had access to the house. HANK: Hey, does it strike you as remotely hinky that Pablo rifles through the missus's jewelry box and only takes one thing? BRITT: Yeah, more than a little bit. DALE: Hey, fellas, fellas, excuse me. Listen, what I said back there, I didn't want to upset my wife. Flora's brother didn't really steal the ring. As a matter of fact, it's not really even missing. HANK: You know where it is? DALE: I know who I gave it to. HANK: Oh, so you have a girlfriend in addition to a wife, huh, Dale? DALE: I know I look like an asshole for cheating on my dying wife. HANK: No, don't be so easy on yourself. DALE: Hey, listen, in my defense, things between Beth and I weren't good for a very long time. I was going to marry Paolo. That's why I gave her the ring. When Beth's condition worsened-- what am I going to do, put her through a divorce as well? BRITT: Yeah, that would be wrong. DALE: Anyway, Paolo got tired of waiting around, so she broke it off. And now she won't see me, she won't talk to me. HANK: She won't give you the ring back. DALE: Exactly. There's an extra grand in it for you guys if you can resolve this thing discreetly. Get the ring back from Paolo, we make up some kind of story about where you found it, and Beth can have some sort of peace about this. BRITT: Let me ask you something. Why not get your squeeze a new ring? Why give her your wife's heirloom? DALE: Beth hated that ring. She never wore it. I didn't even think she'd miss it. It's not even worth that much. Probably like five grand, something like that. To be honest with you, I thought she'd be dead by now. So how do we check for intestinal parasites? Two ways-- direct observation and... Anyone? I know you want to hear me say it. Fecal floatation. As vets, you'll become intimately familiar with excrement. All right, that's our time. Lecture slides will be up online. But, more importantly, it's karaoke night. This week's musical theme-- '80s movies. Come on, I want to see all you animals out there. BRITT: Ten bucks says shorty with the booty. HANK: I'm going blonde streaks. BRITT: Okay. (phone dialing) (phone ringing through) Verve Salon. HANK: Yes, hi. Is Paolo Alvarez working today. Just one moment. Paolo. BRITT: Put it on my tab. PAOLO: This is Paolo. HANK: Yes, I'd like to make an appointment. Are you accepting walk-ins? PAOLO: Yeah, I can take you today. (phone ringing) HANK: How are you looking for the next 15 minutes? PAOLO: Yes, of course. BRITT: Hey, baby. KATIE: y, listen, you know how I told you Owen's parasitology class does karaoke on Thursday nights? BRITT: Okay. KATIE: Yeah, well, um, we just got out of class, and they're kind of leaning on me to go with, and probably wouldn't hurt my grade. BRITT: Baby, you should totally go. KATIE: All right, well, I was thinking maybe you could join me. BRITT: Well, uh, we're kind of on a case right now. OWEN: Hey, Katie, are you going to join us? KATIE: Um, right. Well, maybe I'll just tell them next week. BRITT: No, no, no, no, no. What are you talking about? You should-- listen, go hang with your friends. KATIE: Well, they're not really friends. They're more like classmates. And they're young. BRITT: Well, I hang with Hank and, you know, he's old. All right, well, look, it could go late, so are you all right letting Winston out? BRITT: Yeah, baby. Everyone will poop successfully in your absence. Have fun, flirt with your teacher, get that GPA up. KATIE: Okay. I love you. BRITT: I love you. Well? KATIE: I'm in. Yeah. The boyfriend? KATIE: Yeah, he, um, he has to work. I'm starting to think he doesn't exist. See you there. HANK: What are we thinking? Full hawk, dreds, braids? PAOLO: Your hair-- braids. HANK: Braids aren't too feminine? PAOLO: Oh, rows are manly. Big commitment though. HANK: Yeah, probably that bead maintenance is tough, huh? I always wondered about that. What with your bracelets and rings and all that. Does that get-- does that get caught up in the hair? PAOLO: Oh, honey, that's why we don't wear nothing like that on the job. HANK: Ah. PAOLO: Come on. HANK: That's smart. Oh, great. Oh, yeah. Um, hey, you know, could you do me a favor, Paolo? Could I ask you for a second go around? Would you mind shampooing the old noggin again? This weather's wreaking havoc on my scalp. PAOLO: You like my magic fingers, huh? HANK: Busted. You've got a lucky boyfriend. PAOLO: Boyfriend? Ha. HANK: Ooh, I sense a story there. BRITT: Hey, sorry. Uh, where's the bathroom at? PAOLO: Oh, right back there, sweetie. BRITT: Right here? PAOLO: Just past the break room. HANK: Oh, so that's really... That's messed up. BRITT: Hey. I'm glad you walked in. Do you know where the paper towels are? I couldn't find any, and the restroom's all out. Oh, let me grab some for you, cutie. BRITT: Thanks. PAOLO: Boyfriend say three months. In three months, we'll be together. A year pass. And then two years pass. I say forget about it, buddy. I no wait no more. HANK: I don't blame you. What a shithead. PAOLO: Yeah. HANK: I mean, this was after he gave you the ring? PAOLO: Yeah, but it was old. Not even a diamond. HANK: Probably threw that shit right back in his face. PAOLO: Hell, no. You think I'm giving anything back to him? Not a chance. HANK: You know what you should do? You should sell that thing. Make a few hundred bucks. You'll feel worlds better. I'm really good at that kind of stuff. If you want, I'll take a look at it and tell you how much it's worth. Do you have it here? PAOLO: How you say you find me? HANK: Uh, the recommendation of a friend... PAOLO: Cabron, your friend! Dale sent you didn't he?! You know what, you can tell that hijo de puta that he can eat shit! And I sold his crappy ring already, okay? HANK: Okay, but my... PAOLO: Get out of here! (yelling in Spanish) BRITT: Well, at least you got a free deep condition. HANK: Yeah, and the name of the person she sold it to. I'm not just in it for the perks. BRITT: Yeah, there's that. HANK: Hey, things are going to change, that's all I'm saying. BRITT: Dude, why should they change? We already live together, our funds are intermingled, she pees with the door open, man. HANK: I'm not talking about you and her. BRITT: What, between us? HANK: Yeah. Marriage changes things. Pretty soon it's, "I got to check with the wife. I promised the wife. The wife don't cotton to that." BRITT: No, I never say "cotton." HANK: Oh, you'll say "cotton." BRITT: All right, so assuming we find the vendor that she sold it to, and assuming that the vendor still has it, what are we supposed to do about it, buy it back? HANK: In a place like this, they might not know what they have, right? So we make a low-ball offer, see if they make the deal, and we sell it back to Komack retail. BRITT: Boom. Get the full five grand. That's going to pay for the wedding photographer and the band right there. HANK: Serve that douche bag right. Hey, looking for something special? BRITT: A ring. For your girl, eh? HANK: Yep, and a lovely little gal she is. And he's finally looking to make an honest woman of her. BRITT: She is honest. HANK: So we're looking for something old, very tasteful, used, maybe with a sapphire. I have just the thing. That diamond, this sapphire, eh? I thought you want sapphire. HANK: We do, we do. Uh, do you have anything that looks like this? No. Did, not now. Sold it. HANK: Out of curiosity, how much did you get for it? $250. HANK: Do you remember who you sold it to? Sure. Regular customer. HANK: Angelo Baldamotti? ANGELO: That's my name, man. Don't wear it out. (both laughing) BRITT: That's sweet. HANK: That's good, man. Listen, you got a ring from the Ethiopian mart. We want to buy it off you. BRITT: You paid $250 for it. We're willing to go as high as $500. ANGELO: Huh? HANK: Not that one. ANGELO: Huh? BRITT: Not that one. ANGELO: I got that one. HANK: Nah. You got anything else? ANGELO: Yeah. HANK: No, that's not it. Does, uh, does this look familiar to you? ANGELO: Yeah. HANK: Great. Where is it? ANGELO: I had to pay some bills, man. Where do you guys know Angelo from? HANK: He does my taxes. So anything in particular you guys are looking for? BRITT: Wow. Yeah, that's the Amstel Gold. Smokes soft, has nice ustrus undertones. BRITT: Lemony. HANK: Actually, we're not looking for weed. We're looking for a ring. You guys use the volcano vaporizer? I've got extra O-rings in the other room. HANK: No, no, no, no, no, no. An antique ring, like a sapphire. BRITT: Show him the pictures. Ah, you mean the ring that Angelo used to bring his accounts current. HANK: That's the one. I don't have it anymore. BRITT: Aw. You sold it? To a customer. She went crazy over it, had to have it. HANK: Can you give us her name? No. We do not release the names of our clients. HANK: Oh, would you release them to the police, because I think they'd be pretty interested in the operation you got going on here. The police already know about it. I'm registered with the state. This is a legal operation. I have a license to grow marijuana for medical purposes. BRITT: Shit. HANK: Okay. So, Angelo-- right? What was he suffering from? BRITT: Yeah, he had a kind of an owie. HANK: I mean, does the state know that you're bartering your product for jewelry-- stolen jewelry? Fine. Keep my name out of it. She's a legitimate customer with good insurance. Not like these Medicaid deadbeats. And she's very ill. HANK: Does that name look familiar to you? BRITT: Elizabeth. Yeah, long for Beth. BRITT: Komack. HANK: Short for what the hell. BETH: So you found me out. And in less than 24 hours. Ms. Levritz said you were good detectives. BRITT: She's a really good lawyer. She's the best, really top-notch. HANK: So why the goose gocha, Mrs. Komack, if you had it the whole time? BETH: Because I wasn't sure. I lied to you before. I didn't discover it missing while I was making my will. I didn't even know it was gone until I found it. BRITT: At your dealer's? BETH: Yes. How it got there, I can only guess. I tried to trace it back and got as far as a street vendor. She said some young Latino woman had sold it to her. Which is just my husband's taste, based on the description. But she had no name. HANK: An-And you never confronted your husband about this? BETH: I told Dale that I discovered it missing to gauge his reaction. And without hesitation, he implicated my housekeeper's brother, which could make sense, I guess. If it had been stolen, it could have ended up back in my hands through the usual Rube Goldberg of street commerce. But the fact that you traced it back to where I found it, that can only mean one thing-- my husband gave you the name of the woman who sold it. Because he gave it to her. Because she's his mistress. I'd like that name. HANK: That wasn't the job. BETH: The job parameters have changed. HANK: This is a personal matter between you and your husband. BETH: I'm dying. I need that name to give to my attorney so I can file for divorce so I can amend my will. Because, obviously, I can't trust Dale to put his head before his dick. So If I don't separate my estate before I die, Matthew could lose everything. He doesn't come to majority for two more years. I will not be here to protect him. I need to do it now while I can. Please. HANK: Paolo Alvarez. BETH: Thank you. I need one more thing. I need you to get the ring. BRITT: I thought you had it. BETH: It's at our home. I-- I don't trust it being there while I'm here. HANK: Okay. BETH: And there's one more thing my husband doesn't know. It's not a sapphire-- it's a blue diamond. It's worth $300,000. DALE: Good evening, Mr. Dolworth. You have what I was looking for? HANK: Uh, my partner is on his way over here right now, but I have a couple of questions first. I mean, did she consider this ring to be a promise of marriage? DALE: Do you have the ring or don't you? HANK: Uh, not quite. Your little spitfire-- she wasn't so enthralled with the ring. She hocked it. In fact, she had a lot of not-so-complimentary things to say about you. DALE: Really? Like what? HANK: Well, she was ranting in Spanish, and she kept making this gesture. You have any idea what that might mean? DALE: We got to find out who she sold it to. HANK: She wouldn't give me a name. She just said she dumped it at one of those outdoor jewelry marts. My partner's looking into it though. DALE: That's great, that's great. It could be anywhere, then. HANK: Yeah, it could. It really... could. DALE: If you locate one of the vendors, you think that, uh, 2,500 bucks is enough to barter with? HANK: I mean, it's a start. Dolworth, one "L." DALE: All right. If you don't get the ring back, obviously I want this back. HANK: Good. DALE: What's up? BRITT: Hi, guys. (phone ringing) DALE: Excuse me one second. Hello. BRITT: Hey, I think we got a problem. HANK: What? BRITT: Guess where she gets her wigs done? HANK: Oh, man. DALE: That was the hospital. Beth's gone. HANK: Oh, I'm so sorry. BRITT: Condolences, man, really. DALE: She's not dead. She's gone missing. And, apparently, you were the last visitors that she had. What the hell did you guys say to her? Where the hell is she? KATIE: So are you in vet school or nursing school? Why? KATIE: 'Cause you're nursing that drink like it's going out of style. (camera shutter clicking) Tender, two Long Islands. No can do. KATIE: What? Place won't serve Long Islands or play Celine Dion after 10:00. Can't be seen as inciting violence. KATIE: Fine. Two buttery nipples. So, what's it like dating a ghost? KATIE: You gonna drink that? You know, that's called deflecting. KATIE: Yeah, I was just trying to spare your ego, buddy, but okay. Um, he makes me laugh. He's good to me. Great in bed. Yeah, things are pretty much perfect. OWENS: Okay, we're back. And now for her inaugural turn on the parasitology 101 mic, the lovely Ms. Katie Nicols is going to sing Olivia Newton John's "Suddenly." So come on up, Katie. Whoo! (applause) All right. Oh, hold on, this is a duet. We need a man. Gavin, get up here, come on. KATIE: Thanks, Professor. OWENS: Yes. ♪ Look at me can't you tell I'd be so thrilled to see the message in your eye... ♪ GAVIN: ? Felt so close to my dream, than suddenly it's all right... ? KATIE: ? Suddenly... BOTH: ? The wheels are in motion and I-I-I am ready to sail any ocean... ? PAOLO: Get the hell out of here before I call the cops. BETH: I want some answers. I deserve that much. When did it start? PAOLO: It doesn't matter, it's over. Look, I don't want to call the cops on a sick lady, but... HANK: No ons calling the cops. BETH: Stay out of this, Mr. Dolworth. This is not your concern. And I am not leaving here until... Mommy. (Paolo speaking Spanish) Daddy! PAOLO: Hush. BETH: Oh, no. No, God, no. HANK: Get 'em out of here. Go, go. BRITT: Hey, come on, come on. DALE: Beth... BETH: Get out, get out, get out! DALE: Paolo... PAOLO: I don't have your stinking ring. See? HANK: Beth... Listen, Beth, we have to take you back to the hospital now. BETH: Why? HANK: Because you're sick. BETH: Yeah? And stupid. Six years of stupid. That chair, that one-- I sat in that chair for six years and told her my whole life. About my family. And she used it all. I just wanted one last bit of dignity. To face her. To hear her say it was over. But it will never be over. He was supposed to love me, till death do us part. What, he couldn't wait ten minutes? He's gonna lose me, you know. He's gonna lose me and then he's gonna be sorry. (sobbing) HANK: Yeah. Yeah, he will. Yeah, he will. MAGGIE: How is she? BRITT: She collapsed outside the hair salon. MAGGIE: Shit! HANK: Asshole's in there with her now. BRITT: Hey, if she doesn't come out of it, do we still have to give him this? MAGGIE: You did find it. Dale thought... HANK: Dale doesn't know. She didn't want him to know, Mags. BRITT: She wants it to go to her kid. Can't you just hang on to it till he turns 18? MAGGIE: I'm now officially their lawyer. I do that, I could lose my license. I never saw this. MATTHEW: Excuse me, I'm Matthew Komack. My dad called, he said that my mom... MAGGIE: Matthew. I'm Maggie Levritz. I'm a friend of your parents. MATTHEW: How is she? DALE: Matthew. MATTHEW: Dad. DALE: Come here. MAGGIE: Let's hope she's around long enough to amend her will, or file for divorce. HANK: Until then, we hold on to it for the kid. BRITT: Yeah. (phone ringing) Hey, it's Britt. Leave me a message. GAVIN: Having problems? KATIE: Yeah. The key doesn't work. GAVIN: Maybe it's 'cause it's not your car. KATIE: Oh. (laughing) GAVIN: Hey, don't be embarrassed. I've made the same mistake... oh, never. KATIE: You asshole. GAVIN: It's a simple sobriety test. I mean, if you can't find your car, then maybe you shouldn't drive it home. KATIE: That's actually very good advice. GAVIN: Why don't you let me give you a ride. KATIE: I can't ride you-- I have a boyfriend. GAVIN: He's not here. KATIE: No, he's not. Gavin! GAVIN: It's not like you're married. KATIE: I have to go. Oh! OWENS: You okay? KATIE: I said no, okay? OWENS: Katie? Hey, everything okay here? GAVIN: Everything's fine, Professor. STEPH: "Zoologist," a double-letter score on "L" and two triple-word scores equals 180. You lose. And rather badly. Hey. JASON: Hank. STEPH: Okay, am I done entertaining for the night? I'm bushed. JASON: Steph, thanks for a lovely evening. STEPH: Uh-huh. HANK: Uh, so, uh, what's up? Where's Gretchen? JASON: She's not here. I uh, I wanted to have a word with you. I tried calling, but I got your voice mail. HANK: I was at the hospital. I had to, uh, turn my phone off. JASON: Oh, is everything okay? HANK: Yeah. Yeah, just a case. Uh, so, uh, what can I do for you, Jason? JASON: You can stop using my credit cards. HANK: Shit. JASON: Your partner Britt-- I realized where I knew him from. That day I was being fitted for my tux, he lifted my wallet, didn't he? HANK: Yeah. It's not his fault. He didn't know who you were. JASON: I mean it needs to stop, Hank. It... HANK: It does. It did. It-it's done. JASON: You know, I-- I invited you to our engagement party for two reasons. One because after meeting you, I genuinely liked you. I know how important you are to Gretchen. She wants you in our life. But mostly I wanted you to see how happy she is. I'm going to marry her, Hank. That's going to happen. I need you to know that. (door closing) (clock ticking) ♪ Are you gonna be somebody who really loves me♪ Hope that you can see just how much I'm gonna love you, baby ? (stereo clicks off) (soft gasp) BRITT: It's not what you think. KATIE: What? BRITT: It's um, it's an heirloom Hank and I had to track down for a case. (yawning) Did track down. You had fun? KATIE: Yeah, it was okay. You know, it's hard keeping up with those kids. Like, shots on top of shots inside of beers, you know. BRITT: Yeah. KATIE: Hey, babe, um, I... I had to taxi home. I hope you don't mind driving me to my car in the morning. BRITT: No, I don't mind, of course not. I'm glad you got to let loose a little bit. You needed it. KATIE: Yeah. Were you waiting up for me? BRITT: Well, not, you know, not in a bad way. I kind of wish you didn't see that ring. Now you're going to be expecting... KATIE: I don't expect anything. BRITT: You okay, baby? KATIE: Yeah. My head's, like, pounding. I think I'm going to shower. BRITT: Okay. Yeah, babe, do what you got to do. (doorbell ringing) HANK: Come on in. It's open. Hey. What's all that? GRETCHEN: Oh, uh, leftovers. From the party. You ducked out so quick, I was afraid you didn't get to try anything. HANK: Oh, thanks. GRETCHEN: What's with all the schmutz? HANK: Oh, I was digging for buried treasure in the backyard. Keeping Steph occupied. GRETCHEN: Crafts? HANK: More like taking the truck engine apart. GRETCHEN: So, uh, Jason told me about the credit card thing. HANK: Oh, yeah. GRETCHEN: He said you traced it to some Nigerian Internet ring. HANK: Something like that.. GRETCHEN: Hank, this cottage cheese is from the Bush administration-- the first one. So we don't have to worry about it anymore? It's all done? HANK: Yep. GRETCHEN: Well, we both want to thank you. HANK: It was nothing. GRETCHEN: It's not nothing. You said you'd take care of it, and you did, and appreciate that. So does Jason. HANK: Tell him you're welcome. GRETCHEN: I will. HANK: He's a pretty decent sort, isn't he? GRETCHEN: Yeah, he is. HANK: And he makes you happy? GRETCHEN: Very. HANK: That's good. GRETCHEN: Okay, eat cake. I got to scoot. Good-bye, Hank. HANK: Bye, Gretch. (phone ringing) Hello. Hey, girl. KATIE: Thanks for coming. HANK: You're welcome. Hey, thank you. Where's Britt? KATIE: Sleeping. HANK: What's wrong? KATIE: (shuddering breath) HANK: Look, I know the kid ain't perfect, but he'll come around eventually, right? KATIE: I don't deserve him. HANK: What are you talking about, Katie? He's the luckiest guy in the world to have you. KATIE: Hank, I messed up. HANK: What did you do? No, you didn't. KATIE: I got drunk and I... HANK: Shh. Please, don't. You don't have to finish that sentence. Is it someone from school? KATIE: My professor. I-I don't know how I'm supposed to go back there. HANK: All right, listen, you were drunk. It wasn't you, hmm? And you didn't know what you were doing. KATIE: No, I got-- I was drunk and it wasn't me, but I knew exactly what I was doing. HANK: Then why? KATIE: I don't know. I mean, I've been feeling the way he's looking at me lately. And I pretty much know what's coming next. HANK: But that's what you want. KATIE: That's exactly what I want. HANK: Then why-why won't you let yourself have it? KATIE: What's wrong with me? Why, Hank, when everything's like so perfect? HANK: Yeah, drive a big dynamite truck right into it? KATIE: Yeah. HANK: Probably because somewhere deep down inside you-- you just don't feel like you deserve it. KATIE: I'm gonna lose him. I know it. I'm so scared. (sobbing) HANK: Katie, come on. Come here. Come here. It's okay, it's okay, it's okay. KATIE: Oh, my God, he's never going to forgive me. HANK: No. No, he's not... Because you're not going to tell him. KATIE: What? HANK: Look at me. You're going to lie to him. You're going to go back to school. This never happened. KATIE: I tell him everything. HANK: Listen, he can never know about this. And I know this might kill you a little bit, and it might eat you up inside a little bit, but it'll kill him more if he-- if he knew. Okay? So you got to forget it happened. Okay? KATIE: I can't do that. (sobbing) HANK: Then pretend. ReSync for 720p Web-DL by jacobian for HDbits.org 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 