Terriers: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Terriers 
 s1e2 - Dog and Pony - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Terriers (2010): Season 1, Episode 2 - Dog and Pony - full transcript 
 The corrupt project developer's lawyers manage to discredit the charges, so the boys won't be paid, probably for long, and police detective Mark Gustafson takes the correct suspicion of evidence planting seriously. Desperate for a cash down-payment on his end his ex's home, Hank illegally snoops in police files and drags Britt along in search of a San Diego horse track robbery. It involves fugitive giant Mongo, whom they trap by pretending to extort his loyal girlfriend, and his half-brother, the track accountant. Meanwhile Britt's vet lover's asylum-adopted dachshund proves a joy-killer, even in bed, but he finds an alternative. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Terriers... I'm Hank Dolworth and this is my partner Britt Pollack We're private investigators. You remember my... my daughter Elenore, my little girl? Says she's in some kind of trouble, needs money. You can find her, can't you, Hank? That's what you do. Holy shit! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That's the sex tape. I really don't want to hear the daughter of a really good friend of mine getting boned by this town's favorite son. Got a stiff down at the docks. Likely O.D. Mickey was a drinker, sure, but he would never in a million years touch that shit. You killed my friend, so I'm going to destroy you. And I just wanted you to know that. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Jesus, God, I hope you have a plan. Cheat. Mr. Lindus, I have a warrant to search your house. You think it'll stick? It'll definitely screw up his weekend plans. We just opened up a huge can of shit into our lives. Ain't we got fun? This is assistant D.A. Lauren Rivera conducting the deposition of Mr. Henry Dolworth in the murder case against Robert Lindus. Present in the room are myself, counselor for defense Bertram Launer, counsel for Mr. Dolworth Margaret Levritz, Detective Mark Gustafson of the ocean beach police department, and Mr. Dolworth Now, Mr. Dolworth, have you ever been deposed before? No. I've been imposed upon, but never deposed. I posed once for a photo, but not, you know, for money. You'll be answering questions under oath, understand? I suppose I do. Also know defendant's counsel is allowed to ask you questions, too, if he so chooses. Fantastic haircut, by the way. Do we go to the same guy? Okay, why don't we proceed with the oath? I do solemnly swear that the testimony I'm about to give before this court... Shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God. Shall... Anything wrong? No, nothing's wrong. I just, I didn't know you guys kept the part about God. Could you read that back to me again, please? You and Mr. Pollack are private detectives? Well, on our tax returns, it says we sell seashells by the seashore, but, uh, we moonlight a bit. Mr. Lindus wanted you to retrieve something for him, didn't he? Yeah, a sex tape. Him and Elenore knocking boots. And how much did Mr. Lindus pay you for the cell phone with the sex tape on it? $30,000. He must have really, really wanted it back. Enough to kill someone, I guess. This is the check that he paid you with? It is. If I could just have that back... Any idea where Elenore Gosney is right now? We'd like to talk to her. My best guess would be Mexico. She said she had friends in... Portland? Oregon or Maine... I can't remember which. I'd like to ask the witness a question, if I may. Mr. Dolworth, this is the handgun found at Mr. Lindus's home as a result of the search warrant based on your testimony. Under oath, have you ever seen this before? Nope. Uh... uh. Hey, Gretch. Sorry, i didn't pick up, I was in the middle of a thing. Just want to make sure you're still on for the inspection today. You'll never guess what I found. That wine decanter my Uncle gave us as a wedding gift. The one you thought was a flower vase. The one you thought I hocked. I never said that. Well, you thought it pretty loud. Yeah, we're on for noon. My real estate Agent asked if you could bring the remainder of the deposit today. Hey, about that check, I... Yeah, about that check. Yeah, yeah, it's in my hand right now. Look, uh, I'll see you in an hour. How'd it go in there? Like showering in a Mexican jail. It went. You know the two of you suck shit at sounding sincere? How either of you ever gets laid astonishes me. Mags, we need that check back. The 30,000 from Lindus? Good luck; It's exhibit B for the prosecution. They can make a copy, can't they? Wouldn't matter; the D.A. Froze Lindus's assets. Why do you think the rich prick can't make bail? Hey, Mark, how'd it go in there? You can ask Gustafson for compensation. But given your performance in there, I doubt he'll give you the time of day. I stuck my neck out 'cause of you! I had a man arrested with a very good attorney because of what you told me. And now he's beginning to poke holes to your story, and some of what he's saying sounds pretty goddamn credible. Mark, on my mother's grave, I was not lying in there. Hank, your mother was cremated. Do you know what Lindus's lawyer alleged in there? That you and your boy toy just planted that murder weapon at Lindus's house. You don't believe that, do you? That he's my boy toy? What the hell are you doing here anyway? I just dropped in, you know, to... to ask the time. See, you thought you was gonna come back here and get that check, didn't you? You know... What, you a little short on cash? So what you thinking, the department is just gonna reimburse you? Hey, what's the difference between murder one and manslaughter? Why? I just heard that pinstriped dude say something about copping a plea for lindus. You have got to be shitting me. last time this thing happens. I am not gonna... Hey, so what are we doing? Getting our money back, some of it at least. By stealing from the police department? Our tits are in the ringer enough, don't you think? These are fugitive alerts. jurisdictions, trial maneuvers, parole violaters, bail jumpers, family in the area. No one used to pay attention to them, but sometimes they come with cash rewards. Yahtzee! Got one? Montell Gobright. Armed robbery in La Mesa. $5,000 for information leading to his arrest. God bless America. The Lord taketh away, he also giveth. Well, he will also bone us if anyone finds out we planted that gun. We framed a guilty man. The Lord's light shineth upon us. Quit it. Quitteth what? You're pissing him off! Look, we nab Montell, put a little change in our pocket, and then we starteth atoning. "Terriers: S01E02" "Dog and Pony" Original Air date 15 September, 2010 * caught a ride with a trickster and a javelin man * to a town down by the sea * steel neena was a girl who would set me free, she said * I lay my soul out down and bleed. * Sync & Corrections by MaxiZephyr www.addic7ed.com What day is it? Is it, is it Monday or Tuesday? I don't know. I could check my phone, but it's in my pocket. I think this Lindus case is gonna bring us a lot of attention. I kind of smell an opportunity. Is that what that smell is? I think we should make up business cards. What, put on windows and shit? Or hand out, so people don't think we're just panhandling. What do we call ourselves, Dolworth and Pollack private investigators? Beats Dolworth and Pollack shit shovelers. Hey, do we need a mascot? Like what? You know, like the Trix rabbit or Tony the tiger or something. No, those are for cereals. And taken. That's true, but I'm just... what are they, they are examples of mascots, like someone identifies us, that... that tells people that... we're pretty kick-ass, you know? Like a dragon, maybe. Dragons are kick-ass. Yeah, but they also get slayed. Are you joking? No, I'm not joking. I'm saying, a guy in a fedora or, you know, a magnifying glass... something like that. Something that tells people that once we're on a case, man, we never quit. All right. Yeah? I got nothing. Me, neither. That's a pretty dude right there, man. Apparently, Montell knocked over a liquor store. Fled La Mesa last week when cops came a-callin' to his home. Last known girlfriend's address? Yeah. Agatha Hagglethorp. I'm not making it up. It says here this dude's six-foot, 210 pounds. Got prior arrests for home burglary and public disturbance. Not exactly a lightweight. Well, good. You two will have a lot to talk about. You stay up all night last night drinking? New dog. I had to get up every two hours to take it out to pee. And it barks at its own farts. Is that her? Yeah, it's got to be. Excuse me. Hi. Yeah? I'd like to buy my friend here a reading. You guys have an appointment? I'll make sure and call ahead next time. All right, but you got to help me put the groceries away. All right, let's see. So what do my cards say? I'm gonna go on a great journey, meet a mysterious stranger? Shh! I don't come down to where you work and slap the venti latte out of your mouth. Sorry. Are you supposed to, uh, refrigerate wheatgrass or just put it in the sun? So, like, this card here says that freedom is really important to you. And this one here says that you've already met the love of your life. Awesome. Now tell me something that isn't true for every other yokel who walks in here. Okay. How about this card here? Says you got a new presence in your life and it's going to screw with your shit big time. What? Oh, yeah. It's gonna take a big old dump on these two cards especially. Well, go on. Uh, your health card's good. No, I don't give a shit. I want to know about this one, the... the... the presence. Well, it's gonna come into your life soon, if it hasn't already. And you're gonna go through some serious strife trying to get rid of it. Do you sell these? No, I lease them. Of course I sell them. My neighbor has a kiln, but I glaze them all myself. Mm, nice. Jesus! What are you doing?! Enough screwing around, Miss algae cakes! Thought you could run a scam like this scot-free? Well, guess what, you thought wrong. What are you talking about? Your little card trick for money. No one so much as hangs a shingle in this neighborhood unless we get a taste, you understand? Oh, you guys are trying to muscle me? You can't be serious. Explain it to her, Joey. Well, you see, ma'am, um... now, this is a dangerous neighborhood. Mm-hmm. Lot of bad elements. You need protection. For instance, from someone, uh... tearing down your tapestries. Ooh. Ah, buzz kill. Fine, I'm calling the cops. I wouldn't do that if I were you. We're drinking buddies with half the OBPD. They come in here and they see all this drug paraphernalia, who you think they're putting in the back of the squad car? Hmm? Now, I'm guessing you don't get more than, what, two grand a month dealing your bad shit Blackjack? We just want ten percent. Well, I don't have the money on me. That's no big deal. We'll come back later tonight. Have it then. 7:00. And if you don't have it, Joey here trashes the place. God, I feel like a dick right now. Y... you think Montell's gonna show? The toilet seat was up, and there was a condom wrapper in the trash. He's been there, all right. Dollars to doughnuts, she's on the phone right now, telling him to come beat the crap out of us tonight. Or putting a karma curse on us. Have an algae cake. Hey Beautiful. Hi. Oh... look at you in a tie. Special event? It was "bring your tie to work" day. Sorry I'm such a mess. Oh, easy with that! You bring your guy with you or is he on his way? My guy? Your inspector. He's supposed to be walking through the house with us today? That's why we're here? Look, I know this house backwards and forwards. I don't need to pay some guy to tell me about what I already know. Yeah? Well, the dining room and hallway need repainting, the kitchen faucet won't stop dripping. Yeah, and the bedroom window's painted shut, I know, I know, I know. I like this house, Gretch, flaws and all. Where's the check? I'm gonna have to get that to you tomorrow. You said you had it. Yeah. Yeah, the check to me. You know, I deposited it in the bank, and when it clears tomorrow, I'll write a check to you. And what about the loan? You need proof of a loan to close escrow. Yeah, look, I'm working on it. I bet a lot of banks are just loving you; sporadically employed, a dishonorable discharge from the OBPD. You're a dream applicant. Hank, I would love nothing more than for you to have this house, but if you're having second thoughts, any hesitations whatsoever, I did receive a backup offer. It's below asking, but it's a shitty market, and Jason says it's pretty reasonable. Jason? Is that, uh... that's his name? Your fiancé? Yes. Jason what? Voorhees? Adler, if you must know. The point is, if you want to back out, that's okay. I just need you to do it now. Well, Thursday at the latest. I want the house, Gretch. Oh, my God, baby! Oh, yes! Oh! Don't stop! Oh, my God, I'm, like, right on the edge. Yes! That's so good! Something just lick my balls. it's obviously not me, I'm already up here. He's just comparing the taste of yours to his own. Of all the dogs in the pound, we got to get a gay one. Yeah, his cage was very tidy. Yeah. Uh, I'll put him in the other room. No, take... take him out out. What? Yeah, if he's gotta go, he's gotta go. I mean, we don't want him peeing on the carpet. Oh, my God. You jerking off or are you gonna join us? I can't do both? Come on. We were together for nine years. Married for seven of 'em. She's pretty much the reason I got sober, and when I did get sober, she did the smart thing: She just split, got out. And I thought maybe, "okay, "she's testing me. "She's just waiting for me to "get back on my own two feet, "you know. "And when I do, we'll get back together." But, uh, but that didn't happen. I'm sorry. I kind of forgot how to do this. It's been a while. Gretch, I mean, my ex, she... she met this new guy. And apparently, uh, they're getting married. Plus she's selling our old place... And, uh, and I'm the one who's buying it even though I can barely afford it. I'm glad I'm sober today. I know, I know what my life would be like if I weren't, but, honestly, it's really, really tough right now. Uh, thanks for listening. As we reported earlier, real estate developer Robert Lindus is being held in connection to a murder... Babe, this is your case. How did that get out? All right, where were we? Honey, I got a lot to study today. But, you know, don't worry. You got me almost all the house, huh? Yup. Yeah, that's a good idea. You know what else you should do? Go down to the corner filling station, buy yourself a big can of premium, douse your clothes with it and light a match. So, you're not a fan of the idea? You a stupid man, Hank. I graduated fourth grade okay. Come on. Why would you want to revisit the place where all your failures were? You lost your sobriety in that house. You lost your job in that house, you lost your marriage in that house. Now you want to own it? Is that what you call "moving on"? Living in a museum of your past mistakes? Okay, Barry, what would you suggest that I do? I would call my ex-wife. I would say, "honey, I've "changed my mind. "Buying that house would be "the worst mistake of my sad, "sorry-ass life. "Uh, you won't be hearing from "me for quite some time while I "attempt to get my shit "together. "Enjoy the hot marathon sex "I know you'll be having on "your honeymoon. Mazel tov, bitch." Something like that, you know? Feel free to use your own words. It's almost 7:00. We'd better rehearse. Let me ask you a question. In your experience, what's the best way to get rid of blue balls? Don't get married. All right, let's assume Montell answers the door, okay? You pop him him fresh with the slugger, he doubles over, you step aside, I put the cuffs on him. If for any reason, he doesn't stay down, not to worry. Hit him with the pepper spray. Anything wrong? That dark presence she was talking about earlier? I think it might be the dog. It totally cock-blocked me this afternoon. I'm not sure I want to hear this story. Listen, every time Katie and I get close, the pooch is jumping on the bed, and you can't leave the little bastard at home more than four hours or else it craps the rug. I told you not to get a dachshund. No, you didn't. Shh. Hey, what if she did call the cops? What if Gustafson's in there, waiting for us? Kick their asses, Mont! Punch 'em in their dicks! Did Bradley send you? Who? No! No! 911. All right, get out of here, Montell. The crazy neighbor bitch is calling the cops. Go, go, go, go, go, go! We promised her we'd come back and trash the place. Do you know what "final jeopardy" was tonight? "Running mates: "Who was Gerald Ford's vice "presidential running mate in the 1976 presidential election?" Gil Gerard. Now right before trebek gave the answer, my phone rang. It was the station chief telling me that my ex-partner had just got thrown through a window for muscling in on a local business owner. And before I could stop laughing, wheel of fortune was on and I missed the answer. I guess I will never know. Probably Google the answer. Let me guess. This morning you lifted Montell Gobright's fugitive alert from my office. Now, did you really think that you were gonna flush him out by strong-arming his girlfriend? Pretending to strong-arm. It worked, didn't it? Yeah, too well. Hey, that report was bullshit, man! It said Montell was, like, six-foot, and the guy's... It was a typo. Or maybe the La Mesa cops were smart enough to not accurately depict the hulk because nobody would go after him. Uncuff these fools, man. Now, look, I'm gonna need both of you to do me a favor, and what I mean by that is, I need you to do what I say or else I'll leave your asses in the can tonight. I want you to go home, and I need you to stay there. Now, you're the primary witnesses in the biggest murder case going on right now. I don't need anybody else bashing in your heads. Well, you know, except for me. Go home, Hank. You're not a cop anymore. And for good reason. So stop pretending to be one. Someone has to. I put Reynolds in charge of finding Montell. So if he catches you two sniffing around, well, he has orders to shoot to maim. What was Montell yelling at you right before he threw you out the window? Something about a Bradley? Threw us both. Yeah, yeah, "Did Bradley send you here?" Why would someone have to? It's a rule, I don't like to get my ass kicked for free. What about Reynolds? Reynolds couldn't find his own taint with a GPS. Well, I managed to get what most of what you asked for. Let's not make this a habit, huh? I'm your lawyer, not your secretary. Oh, thanks, Mags. How about a cup of coffee, black? Only if you'll take it rectally. So Montell Gobright knocks over a liquor store in La Mesa. Cops don't knock on his door for ten months? Someone must have dropped a dime on him. Skip a page. Oh. What? A JDFM-137 was filed in this jurisdiction one day before La Mesa PD received this hot tip. A JDFM what? Application for a restraining order. Bradley David Denham. Come on, kids. Let's go before the ice cream melts. Hello. Bradley Denham? It's a beautiful animal. I've always loved horses. It's why I do what I do. I'm a bookkeeper at the Del Mar racetrack. He did this to you? Montell did? Yeah, we were misinformed at how big he was. We'll be better prepared next time. So, then, he is here in San Diego. I'm afraid so. Mr. Denham, what's your relation to Mr. Gobright? You don't know? He's my half brother. Oh. I... I beg your pardon. The resemblance escaped us. Oh, I know. Montell and I couldn't be more dissimilar. We share the same mother, but we have very different fathers. We barely even saw each other as kids. When was the last time you saw him? I can't remember. A year ago, maybe. What prompted you to take the order out against Montell in the first place? Montell had been calling me incessantly, demanding money. Maybe he knew the police were closing in on him, and he needed cash to go on the run. Well, if he does try to make contact with you, don't hesitate to give us a call. Okay? He definitely dropped a dime on his brother. Oh, you think? Yeah. What's he doing here? I thought you said he couldn't find his own... Yeah, yeah, well, apparently, he can. Uh... Reynolds is tapping Dennon's phone. What's up, boys? Oi! You're quoting Hume now? His notion of causation tells us nothing about our epistemic predicament. Welcome to philosophy 101, man. Don't worry, the reading's not too hard. Oh, you know what? Screw you. Tap on a tap, huh? So, he hears a dial tone, but we hear the conversation. Think you can do it? Any idea what they're using? Standard FM broadcast band? Municipal tap, so it's got to be high in the broadcast. 88 to 108 megahertz, I'd say. You're going to want to use a Gilliam router, double wound. We pipe it in from post. Mm-hmm, and what if they have a code box, huh? Did you think about that, or were you too busy tongue-kissing your copy of Kierkegaard for dummies? Do you have any idea what the hell they're talking about? No, not a clue. Oh, hey, by the way, who are we bugging? The cops. Sweet. Hank. What? Hello? It's me. You send those guys after me? No. I mean... I mean, what guys? God, this dude is a horrible liar. I know he's telling the truth. I still don't believe him. I want my money, Bradley. I want my half. I told you... I can't get it. Look at Reynolds... totally confused 'cause his tap isn't working. You want me to come over there? I'll meet you at the pier. Half an hour. * full throttle kick it into gear... * Okay. How do you want to play it this time? Uh, we let Montell start wailing on his brother, then we jump him. Yeah, I like that plan. Okay. Hey, man. Hey, man, you... are you all right? No! He just shot me! Man, this is bad. He's bleeding all over the place. Keep the pressure on. Are you keeping the pressure on? Yes, I am keeping the pressure on! Okay, look, we just got to get him to the hospital, drop him off to whoever's in charge there, collect our five grand, so just keep him alive... Five grand? Five grand's what you guys are getting for me? Not bad for a day's work. Whatever. What do you mean, whatever? I mean five grand's nothing. How would you like to make ten times that? Yeah, okay. Let's just get this guy to a Hospital. Come on. Oh, shit! You guys ever hear about the Del Mar window job this spring? Oh, shit. Yeah. Come on. Get down. All right, um... wait, wait. Hey, hey, whoa, whoa, whoa. I got to go get some towels to put down first. What the hell? Oh, shit. Ask Hank. Hey, Katie. I looked the wound over, okay? Bullet just grazed him, and with just, you know, some disinfectant, a couple of stitches and a bandage, he'll be right as rain. Guys, I... I can't. You have experience doing this. Yeah, to a Burmese cat under heavy sedation in a sterile environment with supervision. No. You stitch him up. We do? We'll probably kill him. Yeah, baby, look, this is... this is... this is so important. If we take him to a hospital, he's going to go to jail for a long, long time. For? Armed robbery. I want some aspirin. Something. Okay. Why is this so important to you guys? Uh, because I need the money. I'm buying the house back from Gretch. Oh, Hank... Yeah, I'm an idiot. I know. You know, I... I'm not sure you do. Hey, think of it as practice. Sorry. You didn't hurt me. I'm not used to hard alcohol. You know, you got to be the prettiest doctor I've ever seen. I'm not a doctor. No? She's a vet, dude. I'm studying to be. Montell, cough it up. What do you know about the Del Mar window job? Only everything. I'm the guy that pulled it. What's the Del Mar window job? Well... Few months ago, two racetrack guards got jumped in the back hallway carrying the day's take from the window. Perp walked away with 100 grand, except the cops could never figure it out, because everybody leaving the place got body-scanned. Are you telling me that was you? Partly. Oh, shit! His brother works... His brother works at the racetrack. Half brother. Guy who shot him. Really? You poor thing. It was Bradley's idea. He'd been looking to knock over that place for years. You know, Agatha said I should steer clear of him. She did his cards once. Some seriously bad juju. Hey, Britt. We should move him. Every night he supervised the tellers count up the day's take. And they'd put it in these bags and slide it down these chutes to the money guards in the tunnels. So, what, he got you access to the tunnels? And you beat up the guards and took the cash. No. That was the trick of the gig. There was no money in the bags. Bradley switched them, and then hid the 100 grand somewhere. Where it is now, I got no idea. I never saw a penny. So, that's why he dropped a dime on you in the La Mesa holdup. He wanted the whole take. Upsy-daisy, big guy. Come on, let's go. Yeah, keep the bottle. Let's go, this way. All right. You're willing to give your half to us to let you go? Uh-uh. I'm willing to give you Bradley's take, though. I'll tell u right now, he won't be needing it. Right here, just... Yeah, take a load off them doggies, okay? All right, big guy. Whew. Now we tie him up. What? Why? Keep you safe. Plus, it's hot. What do you think? I think my mother loved me. You don't believe him? No, I do. You got some dog shit on your rug right there. Hey, why don't you just take the mutt back to the pound and let someone else adopt it? Are you kidding? Katie would kill me. The pound would kill it, then she would kill me. There are no-kill shelters, or you could... No, I couldn't. I'm stuck with my tea-bagging, flatulent, incontinent dog, and that's all there is to it. Winston! What's up, buddy? You hungry? Want to eat a Dachshund? Hey, why is he... why is he locked up? My boss won't let me take him out here, and I can't leave him at home 'cause my ex keeps threatening to steal him back. Ooh, sorry the custody battle's not getting any nicer. Well, you know what Shakespeare "Breaking up is hard to do." What can I do for you? We need some threads. Yeah. We only need to borrow them for a couple of hours. Whatever I got on the rack is yours. Anything you need in particular? Well, something that will help us blend in at the track. We're off to see the ponies. This thing itches. That's because it belongs to a rich person. This way. Mr. Denham! Good afternoon. Thanks for inviting us. What are you doing here? We're here to see the ponies. Who do you like in the seventh? How can I help you? Well, your brother says hello. Half brother. He also says, "ouch. Why did you shoot me? I'm your brother." Half brother. Where is he? He's in a safe place. Tied up. He threatened me, my family. I was just defending myself. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We don't care about that. See, we just want to make a few bucks. Post time. See, montell offered us 50 grand to whack you. But we weren't sure he could deliver, and we were fairly certain you could beat his price. To do what? We want Montell's half in advance. Montell's half of... Half of the 100 grand you two boosted. I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, yeah, you do. You were the inside man on the window job here three months ago. You kept 100 grand for yourself, then dropped a dime on your brother. Half brother. See, we don't care about that. Again, really, we don't. We just want to get paid. You prove to me Montell's gone, you can get his half of what we stole. Uh... uh, we want his half now in hand. Where is it? Not here. I'll have to meet you. Where is it?! At my home. alright 50 grand in piece in hand, and we'll let your brother go. What? Oh, for God's sakes, what part of "we're holding your half brother hostage" don't you understand? You idiots, you're supposed to kill him. Did you get that? What? Got it? Yeah, I got it. Looks like you bet on the wrong horse. Please take that smirk off your face. I wasn't smirking. And just because I solved an outstanding case of yours within 24 hours of you telling me I wasn't a cop anymore, that gives me no reason to gloat. Would you know that the reward is for the recovery of the stolen money. You don't get a dime, unless there's.... Yeah, I'm sorry. This in no way could be seen as gloating. All right, why don't you go over to Reynolds over there and, you know, do some paperwork or something? We'll get you the reward money tonight. Thanks, Mark. You got it, man. Slick, hold up a second. You have any idea where Denham's brother is? Half brother? Montell's probably at the donkey show in Tijuana by now. It seems like you guys had some fun today, huh? Good day. Yeah. How long you and Hank been partners? Couple years. Yeah? We were together, like, five. Now, he's a great guy to be around. Now, tell you the truth, I know what you were involved with before he came around, so, hey, I gotta say this is an improvement. This, this is great. Sure beats working for a living. You plant that gun? What? Did you and Hank plant that gun? No, sir, Detective. You are a good friend. I give you credit for that. But you gotta know he is gonna let you down. Now maybe he won't do it on on purpose, but, uh, he will. God knows that I love Hank, but it is not in Hank Dolworth to do anything but self-destruct on people. And when he does, everybody catches shrapnel. I got the scars to prove it. Want to lean how to duck? You call me. Hey, what's-your-name, get off! Not you, the dog. You want me to...? No, I kind of like him. Yeah, the guys don't want me to come in the room till they get back, but I don't want it to learn bad habits. When I was a kid, we had a dog about this size. Named it "Biscuit." Coyotes ate it. You don't like him very much, do you? How can you tell? You haven't named it for one. We, we got it as sort of training wheels for having a kid. I mean, what if I have a kid and it shits everywhere? What if I hate its smell? Am I gonna want to kill it? Like, I want, I want to kill this dog. It's a dog, it's not your kid. Something you just brought home last week. When you have a kid... That'll be yours. Trust me. What has four thumbs fights crime and just made 15 grand? These guys! Hey! Oh, my God, I love you so much. Good to see you. Hey, what happened? I'm all right. These guys? Yeah. Look what they gave me. My God! His name's Biscuit. Hey, little Biscuit. I figured you could use him for protection while Montell's on the lam. All right, we made a deal. We let you go, and...? I don't rob any liquor stores or anything else for a year. And if you do again after that ever again? No gun. Thanks, man. Thank you. Hey, I don't mean to wig you out or anything, but that dark presence you told me about? I'm pretty sure it's that pup. you gotta be kidding. Whatever I saw in those cards, wasn't a dog. Watch your step. Jesus! No peeking. Where are we? If this is, like, some strip club or something, I'm gonna be so pissed. Okay, all right, open them up. We're at the dry-cleaners. Uh-huh. Say hi to Winston. No way. Oh, he's a good dog! It kills me I can't keep him, but I know he's better off with you. Hey! Sorry I couldn't get all the bloodstains out. Oh, that's no problem. This is the right dog. Gosh. God, it's just perfect right now. What do you mean? We haven't even moved in yet. I know. There's nothing but potential. We haven't screwed anything up yet. We're not gonna screw anything up. Ah! There's always something. A picture on the wall takes you six months to realize it's in the wrong place. But right now... I've got no complaints. Except one. The wall? It absolutely kills the flow between the dining room and the kitchen. I want to blow it out. I want it gone. Your wish is my command. Not yet. Maybe it's better if this place has one flaw. You know what they say, "perfect is the enemy of good." Good... you let yourself in. Still got my key. You found your box. It's everything I found of yours. Odd seems this place is empty. Just like it was when we first moved in five years and three months ago. There was a heat wave. So... whatcha thinking? You want to go through with this? You want to buy the joint? I haven't thought about anything else all day. Asked a few opinions, sort of got a consensus. Oh. Sorry. Hi. Yeah. I'm here right now. Uh-huh. Can we, uh...? Okay, me, too. Bye. Was that...? Yeah. So, you were saying? You sure? Well, then... Congratulations. You're once again the proud owner of this property. Thanks, Gretch. Thank you. I should, uh... Okay. Oh, there's, uh, a new "buyer's remorse" law, apparently. You have 72 hours to change your mind if you want. Up to you. Just saying, it's not final. So long as you don't go making any structural changes between now and Saturday. You break it, you buy it. I'll see you, Hank. Sync & Corrections by MaxiZephyr www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 