Project Runway: Season 8, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Project Runway 
 s8e12 - We're in a New York State of Mind - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Project Runway (2004–…): Season 8, Episode 12 - We're in a New York State of Mind - full transcript 
 Competition reality series, where each week budding fashion designers face challenges and elimination as they compete for cash and prizes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Project Runway... For your next challenge I want you to design a head-to-toe look from my line. i>This looks, already, very nice. This a challenge that I want to come back and win. I would like to see two additional looks. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's so much. I'm gonna send all of you some help Oh God. Not again. You're showing shock that I'm still here. Why, because you cheated? I got here for a reason. Designers, I hear that there is an accusation about cheating. A lot of the people that have been sent home could be a little bitter. As far as I'm concerned, there 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 is no malfeasance. It's behind us. I think the clothes are... exciting. Andy... Congratulations. You are the winner of this challenge. Wow! Thank you very much. This looks like a pajama party. Christopher... I'm sorry. You're out. I love you. Bye. Bye Christopher. Look who we have here, the final five. This is Project Runway. The winner of Project Runway will receive $100,000 from L'Oreal Paris to start their own line, a Fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine, a $50,000 technology suite from HP and Intel to create their vision and run their business, and the opportunity to design and sell an exclusive collection on piperlime.com. The model paired with the winner of Project Runway will receive a Fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine, and $25,000 from L'Oreal Paris Studio Secrets Professional. Final five, I have a surprise for you. Uh-oh. Oh, no. You are to meet Heidi on the Runway right now. Project Runway 8x12 We're in a New York State of Mind Original Air Date on October 14, 2010 -- sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- Hi, everybody. Designers: Hi. I know that you just had an elimination, but I know how much you love surprises. Good news for you. We want you to relax tonight. So I'm gonna send you to one of the most spectacular places in New York City. What? [Chuckles] I don't believe her. I know that there's a twist, i know something's coming, this is too good to be true. Make sure that you recharge because this is your last challenge to wow us. Good luck. And I'll see you on the Runway. Bye. Sweet. Yes. What? Whoo! We walk into this big ass Presidential Suite. Oh, my God. Way, way cool. Oh, my God. It's kind of overwhelming and it makes you realize we're getting closer and closer to the people that are gonna go to Fashion Week. Oh! Let's do it. >> Project Runway, top five. Whoo! This is that champagne toast that we've been wanting to have since the beginning of the season. How the hell did I get here? Let's bust it out of the [bleep] Park, you guys. You guys, I'm so proud of all of us. I'm so happy to be here with you all. Yeah, what an experience. Much love. Whoo! Cheers, guys. Top five. Final five. It feels really good to have made it this far. But I just really wanna get to Fashion Week. Fashion Week is the essence of why I am a Designer. This is bonkers. It is amazing. Oh, my God, I'm gonna have a cappuccino in the morning and it's gonna be real. I wouldn't be here with you guys today if I wasn't supposed to be here right now. But I believe that's because I set the intention to do what I am passionate about for the rest of my life. Every one of us has our own story and our own struggle to get here. But I feel like this has been a crash course to getting to know who you are and sticking by who you are. You really learn different things here about what people think about your stuff and who would really wear it, and you get surprised. And it changes you. You're like, wow. What do I have to do to step it up and make it better? For me, it's made me a much stronger person and a much stronger Designer because I've had to reach out in these challenges and try things that I've never done before. I'm really proud of myself. You should be. You should be. A lot of these people here have done work for people and had people wear their stuff. But I haven't had that, so I think that that would really be cool if I won, because it would really show, like, Holy [Bleep], she won and she's only 21? That's insane. Yeah, it's all about design. That's what we're here to do. But for me, it's been a journey to set me free. And I really feel like somebody is guiding me and that I-- you know, that I'm supposed to be here. It's what it's all about. Good morning, Designers. It is a huge honor for me to introduce you to our very, very special guest, Mayor Bloomberg. Hi, guys. Designers: Hi. It's Mayor Bloomberg. This is so cool. 'Cause I just wanna go run up to him and be like, I love New York! I think it's really cool that Mayor Bloomberg is the ambassador for this challenge. I think it says a lot about what New York thinks about Project Runway. For your final challenge, you get to draw inspiration from something that really means the most to me: New York City itself. You can choose anything you want. I'm offering you the entire city. Whatever you pick, make it work. [Laughs] So, Designers, for this challenge, you will be choosing a New York City landmark to serve as the inspiration for your final Runway look. Because this is our last challenge. This challenge determines who among you will go on to Mercedes Benz Fashion Week and you'll have the biggest budget of the season. You will have $500. This is a sign that we really want you to wow us with this design work. Let me wish you all good luck, and we will look forward to seeing almost all of you back here for Fashion Week, the first ever at Lincoln Center. Mayor Bloomberg, thank you so very, very much. Happy to do it. Thank you so much. I'm going to send you up to your location to get inspired to design, and then I'm going to meet you at Mood in two hours, all right? So run off. [Foghorn blows] As soon as I heard that we get to go anywhere in the city, i was already thinking Statue of Liberty. And I'm just getting so inspired. She stands there in all her glory, looking over this city in this beautiful draped dress. So I wanna do something that's structured, but yet still has that drapey effect to it. [Foghorn blows] So I choose the Brooklyn Bridge. I get inspired by how the bridge is constructed, so I start sketching out ideas. I jot notes, do visuals, certain shapes that I've seen. It was really awesome. I've chosen the Brooklyn Bridge also. I'm looking through all the different bars and the cables. And they kind of overlay. I'm kind of looking at them through a 2-d perspective so it creates kind of an optical illusion, and it looks like optical art to me. Let's just get busy already. I wanted to go to Central Park because what I was just naturally drawn to were these organic lines that I saw when I looked at the pathways in the park or the branches in the sunlight. This is the last challenge and I just want to do a dress. I decided to go to the Lower East Side. I feel a little underinspired for this challenge. We're supposed to design a piece inspired by something in New York City. But I don't wanna do something that's literal. I want it to remind me of the type of woman that I design for, And I just want to make something that's me All right, Designers, you have 45 minutes to shop, starting now. Beautiful. Yes, so I'll hold on to that, those two. What I know I need is the options of texture. I'm gonna pull from different textiles to really bring my design together. Hmm... Can I put that over there too? Okay. I got some really pretty fabrics today that are reminiscent of the textures that I saw in the brick buildings in the lower east side. I'm gonna do a leather jacket. It's gonna be cropped. Okay. Can we take this one out real quick? I gotta say, I still don't know exactly what I'm looking for. What are you designing? I'm doing a take on the statue of liberty dress. Very beautiful draping. There's no need for you to be literal to your inspiration. Uh-huh. If you want to be, that's your decision. Once I find that fabric, I'll know which one I'm looking for. All right. The clock is ticking. Okay. April. Yes? Given your palette of the season, you may want to think about just a little bit of surprise. Okay. No, I have-- i have something in mind. Okay, good. I do, I promise. All right. The judges have really liked me playing with color and different textiles and patterns. So I really want to incorporate that in this design. [Chuckles] I hope it turns out pretty. Designers, this is our last trip to Mood. Bye, Swatch. Let's go back to the workroom, everybody. Thank you, Mood. Thank you. Oh. It's like a ghost town. All right, Designers, you have until 11:00 tonight and all day tomorrow for this challenge. And I just want to underscore the fact that at least one of you will be going home after this challenge. All right? This final challenge can make or break me. Bring it on. I'm ready to go. So design hard, conceptualize thoughtfully and strategically, and execute superbly, because I know you all have it in you. The stress, I think it's on me more than anyone else in the room because I've been in the bottom the past three challenges, so I gotta step it up some y, someh to guarantee me a spot in Fashion Week. I will see you tomorrow morning. Okay? Good night. Bye, everybody. Designers: Bye. Ladies, this is not a hobby. I'm just gonna say that now. There's only five of us and everyone is just being really careful about where we go with this because any little slight mistake will send you home. I feel like I need to come up with something that needs to really give them a good visual of what kind of crazy [Bleep] I can bring to the Runway. And I really wanna go out with a bang. Yeah, star shape. I will stand by you because you are pretty to me. I really, really am pushing hard for my damn vision to be executed. It looks like the curtains in my house. Michael C. reminds me a lot of what I was like five years ago. I could only make dresses. That was the only thing I could make. And I also replicated a lot of the things that I liked because that was the only way I could learn. Awesome. This is a seizure waiting to happen. At this point, you know, I'm pretty exhausted. I have to take a break. Mondo, is he-- he's just taking a break? I don't know, I think he's taking a break. I don't know if it's a dumb thing to take a nap at this point. Coming up on Project Runway: I just wanna leave. This looks like a tortured mess. Everyone is on the edge. That's an eye-catcher for all the wrong reasons. You guys, did Mondo accidentally fall asleep, or did he say he was gonna take a nap? He's taking a nap. He's sleeping. Hey, sleepy. Good morning. Oh, wow, it's already-- [chuckles] Oh, I slept a lot longer than I thought. All this pressure challenge after challenge has really hit me today, and I'm kind of worried that I'm not gonna make it through. What's the story with the sequins? If I just go over them with  machine, I have to make sure that they're all facing the right way. If this was ever a challenge to show them cuckoo... Cuckoo couture girl? Cuckoo couture. Are you making another dress? It's my backup plan thing, yeah, mm-hmm. Maybe. So I sketched this dress when I'm at the statue of liberty, and I really do love it. But I'm also thinking it might be playing it too safe. Just, I wanna get this cut out just in case I hate that tomorrow. This is the last challenge that's gonna qualify me to be one of the people showing at Fashion Week. I'm trying to think of a way to wow the judges. I kind of like being here, but mostly just wanna leave. [All laugh] Everyone is on the edge of emotional recklessness breakdown, "I'm gonna jump out of my skin if I don't make it." Oh, my God. [Laughs] Taliban chic, fool. Oh, yeah. This is why I'm getting a rash. This is my look for Runway couture. Nina Garcia'll be like, I love what you did with the accessories. I want one, Michael. And Michael Kors'll be like, when Diane Von Furstenberg first moved here, this is what she was envisioning. Nothing else. Oh, my God, you sound just like him. I mean, when I wanna go out, I just wanna put that on with a pair of heels and call it a day. Ooh, I like it. Do you really? I do think it looks a little madam. Madam? I think it looks a little like the mistress you'd pay a high, high price for to have her spank you. Come on. No? I think Andy tends to like it just this side of slut, and I think he nailed that. I translated Central Park to... Mai Ling, the head waitress at this teahouse who does happy endings. I gave birth to a chinese prostitute. And that's really making me nervous. This is inspired by Central Park 'cause I saw a really fierce Asian lady who looked like she was gonna be good in bed. It could go very elegant or it uld go very trashy. I don't think you have to start over. But I know that I need to just stick to something. Otherwise, I'm gonna find myself not finishing it. [Car horn honking] Wow, what a long day. Oh... Andy was going nuts. I think I did him a disservice, but a nice service as well telling him that his dress looked like a madam. How do you feel about Gretchen saying that it was a-- well, now that's all I can think about. I just saw this much of yours, but I like where you're going. Thanks. There's a lot of work. I am exhausted. You're telling me, I took an hour and a half nap in the Designer lounge. I wanted to come and wake you up. I asked everyone if you said anything, like, if you were gonna take a nap or if you fell asleep. Do you think they're gonna tell you that? They wanted me to sleep till 11:00. Well, tomorrow morning, I know that I have a lot of work ahead of me to complete this garment. I have not been in this position at any point in any of the challenges. So I'm going to go say a prayer. Good night. Good night. It's our last day in the workroom, ♪ bow, bow ♪ I've gone back and forth with changing this dress, but I am gonna stand by it. All this pleating represents the base of the Statue of Liberty, like, the bricks. I definitely don't want the judges to say that I tried to play it safe. So I wanna do something to show, you know, that I can be meticulous. I don't know. I'm just all kind of [Bleep] Up in the head right now. Michael C. is doing Michael C., although I don't see what Michael C. Is doing because I haven't seen the dress yet. Where's the dress? [Clears throat] Are you deciding to conquer that...Sequins, Mondo? I'm going for it. I'm scared to cut that sequin fabric. I don't think I can do sequins. No? It's so hard. Bummer, I love that color. The sequins just didn't work out. I could still show my point of view just using black and white. I think it'll still be cute. Whatever. I'm hoping for the best. Perfect. Oh, [Bleep], I forgot the other piece. How is everyone? I've missed you. I'm going to check in with you. [Indistinct] How is Mondo? Well, I went to the Brooklyn Bridge. And when I got this shot, it really inspired me 'cause there was a black car, a white car, and then this cab. This was my cab. I was being very ambitious 'cause I've never worked with sequins before in my life. And it turned out to be a lot. You're right. You know? 'Cause that's an eye-catcher, and it may be an eye-catcher for all the wrong reasons. So I'm gonna go with this. So you're getting rid of this. Yes, I'm getting rid of this. Let's do that. I'm in total support of that. And then in the design, you can see in the style lines, I kind of did the arc-- yeah, but it's subtle. It's not as though it's literal. Right. With Mondo, I expected in the beginning to see, like, clorox bleached denim and chains, whips, and handcuffs. But I totally misjudged him. I have never seen more creativity in someone as I do in Mondo. And so classy. Move forward. Thank you, Tim. Thank you, Mondo. Thank you. How's April? I went to the Brooklyn Bridge, so I wanted to do something about incorporating the architecture. So I chose to do kind of like an abstract coat dress. This is a complete enclosed sleeve. And then this sleeve over here, it comes off and then opens-- it's opened here, and then it's a tube sleeve. April is doing April, and I feel like it can be translated as kind of costume-y. There'll be a zipper here and then here's a cutout, and then a zipper here. Where I believe you've shown profound strengths as a Designer is in your ability to step back and look at your work and edit. Just stay away from going too far. The one person that I really respect here is Tim. And I think that he believes in me. Thank you. Thank you. Very exciting. How's Michael? I started out with this silhouette. There was elements of it that I really liked. It came from my inspiration. Do you have an image? I do. My inspiration from that was the looseness and the drapiness of her dress. But the drape is here. You know, it has all this fabric. You need to look around the room at what the other Designers are doing and ask yourself whether you're being as ambitious as they are. That's why I was going with this structured piece and then incorporate the flowiness with this, and it looked so overworked. Michael. And I was tossing and turning between both dress ideas. I'm telling you, this looks like a tortured mess. I totally went the opposite direction of my inspiration for the Statue of Liberty. I wasn't being true to myself. Do not lose your voice. I don't know what I'm thinking right now. So I don't know what to do. Just make it work. Coming up on Project Runway: Be careful that she not look like one of The Real Housewives of New Jersey. How do you do this? He's either an idiot savant or just an idiot. I am so excited about this leather jacket. I hope I don't [Bleep] It up. [Car horn honks] And how's Andy? Hi, Tim. I'm doing well. I've got a lot done. It's a cocktail dress. I mean, this certainly looks like you. Yes. Andy's execution is amazing. But I feel like he could be playing it a little safe and that he could be slapped on the wrist for that. And then on the back, I have the cutout. Yeah. And I'm doing these shapes all in sheer. Be careful that it not go slutty and that she not look like one of The Real Housewives of New Jersey. [Giggles] It's all in the manner of presentation. All right, Andy. Thank you, Tim. Thank you. Thank God I'm having a real critique with Tim today. Lord knows I need it. So how's Gretchen? I really like doing my feminine, bohemian thing, but in a way that's very urban. And so I went to the Lower East Side. I really like the brick because it's really worn brick. It's not fresh and new. The brick color is in reference to the brick, and then I've lined it... Gretchen is one of the more exhausted Designers at this point. And her piece is definitely looking that way. I'd rather present something that's really true to, like, how I dress. I would reference your customer. My customer wears this. Mm-hmm. As opposed to yourself. I know Tim and I have very different aesthetics. But I think what makes him great is that Tim can see the potential in any one of us. Thank you, I really appreciate it. It's been an honor to get to know you. I really appreciate it. And I really have grown to love Tim in a way I wasn't expecting. Carry on. Okay. Thank you. All right, Designers. Your models will come in very shortly. Use this time with them well because it's the only fitting you'll have until the Runway tomorrow. Thank you. All right, work hard. I know you will. I'm getting a little emotional. You know how, like, sometimes you get, like... [Feigns crying] [Laughs] I totally went the opposite direction of my inspiration for the Statue of Liberty. I wasn't even being true to myself. So I think I'm just gonna maybe stay true to my original design and just do what I want to do. I'm getting nervous. I should have thought of how I was gonna fini it before I actually did it. Hello. Both: Hi. Dominatrix? We're teetering on it. We're not gonna go completely there. I think seeing it on the form, I was thinking Chinese hooker. When I saw it on Lenka, I saw seriously beautiful edgy woman. Designers, you all know Peter Butler, consulting hair stylist for Garnier. Peter is here to consutt with all of you. So as you all know, the judges have had a lot of comments, some good and not so good, about your models' styling on the Runway. Since the judges have asked you to really wow them this time for the final challenge, I'm here to help you out to make sure that your models' hairstyle complements your total look. My inspiration is the Statue of Liberty. So with the hair, I really want it to go very editorial and High Fashion. This is a little full control hair spray that I would work through the hair to kind of just manipulate it. Oh, yes, I love that already. High five. All right. Since the dress is so strong, I want to style it strong as well. I'm gonna use the sleek & shine, and what we can do is have it really straight but also really graphic. Are you happy? It's beautiful. I am. I went to the Lower East Side and I don't want her to look like done. I want her to look very natural. What we'll do is we'll just go over it with the brilliantine shine. It'll just give it that nice sparkle and just look really fresh and healthy and dramatic. So we love that. We love that. Yeah. So I felt to keep it High Fashion, maybe just go with a really high ponytail. Texture, and the color's really beautiful. I love it. I'm excited. What I wanna do with her hair is kind of like a twist on the '60s, but very modern and a little bit more disheveled. I'm gonna spray in some volumizing hair spray to kind of help keep it stable. So that's your profile. I love it. Yeah. Yes, you get to wear a dress today. No, this is not going anywhere near it. It will be either cufflinks or, like, full-length sleeve. I'm so happy doing my model fitting. Cassie looks absolutely stunning in this ess. I would date her. Without a doubt. Take her out and be a cheap date. She'd get some. Well, I was trying to do sequins, but it just did not work out. The model fitting sucks because i don't have a dress to fit on Tina Marie. It's just so much piece work. I'm, like, oh, God. It's a little fitted cocktail dress, so I really need to have a good fit. I wish I had something for you to try on because it's a little scary. So I think I could be in trouble. I just need to finish this. I am so excited about this leather jacket. I hope I don't [Bleep] It up. I'm doing the best I can and I feel like it is a little different than who I am. But I don't think that's always a bad thing. All right. Pull it together, Jones. This one's for the big time. Towards the end of the night, i started making this beautiful basket weave silk shrug thing by hand. How do you do this? You have to do weaving by hand? What are you gonna do? Put that through a machine that's gonna weave that for you? [Laughs] No. I really think that this could be the missing element to my wow factor in my dress. Too crazy, or it could be genius. Or it could be genius. That's the thing we never know. That's the thing with Mike C. He's either an idiot savant or just an idiot. You never know until you see it on the Runway. Coming up on Project Runway: If we make it to Fashion Week, a lot of stuff changes. I have to make it to Fashion Week. This is it. This is the moment. I'm freaking out. I feel like I deserve it. I feel like I'm ready. It's the last day, Andy. And we'll find out who's going to Fashion Week today. I know, this is-- it's scary. We're so close, but everything is kind of riding on what happens today. If we make it to Fashion Week, a lot of stuff changes. A lot of things can happen. To have made it this far and, you know, be 21, I think it's quite an accomplishment. Uh-huh. I feel like I need to make it to Fashion Week, you know? I feel the same way. Ready? Totally. Let's go. Let's do this. You ready, boo boo? Let's get out of here. [Siren blaring] ♪ The last day, bow, wow ♪ ♪ the last day ♪ this last day is bittersweet. It's great to finally get through all the challenges. But no one really wants to talk with each other right now. We are all sweating this one out. Come on, models. Good morning, everyone. Good morning, Tim. It's our last Runway show. Yeah. I'm about to send in your models. You'll have an hour to send them to the L'Oreal Paris makeup room and the Garnier Hair Salon. And then you'll be styling them for the Runway. Use the piperlime accessory wall more thoughtfully and strategically than you ever have in the past, all right? I'm gonna send in your models. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, Tim. Get undressed, girl. 'Cause I have a lot of fitting to do on this thing. I make your boobs look so good. I know. [Laughs] When I look at April's piece, I think it's a little witchy. Okay, it looks great, though. Let's try it on. Let me see. Tried the shrug on Cassie. No. So... [Pops lips] It's gone. I'm thinking of doing it... I don't like it. I love it. Feel like it's a lot. Turn this way. Yeah. No, I don't like it. I hope the hem is okay. The last model fitting is exactly that. It is a major fitting, and I'm busting ass because I have a lot of work to do on this garment. And I'm freaking out. Hi, Gretchen. Hi. How's it going? Last one. No. Say it ain't so. So what I'd like on the eyes, I'd like an all-over matte kind of, like, rosy terra cotta color. I want a black smokey eye like you've never seen before. I want it smoked out and very black. High Fashion editorial bitch. Excellent. Yeah. Hug. Hug. I had my consultation with Peter. I wanted to do a really high ponytail with extensions in it. Okay, so just high on the top. And then, like, wrapped into, like, a cinnamon bun, yeah. Okay. Go over her ears just a little bit. Tied at the back, all right? Cool. And we're just gonna slick it to her head like it almost gets glued down. And then just lots of shine. Okay. Could you imagine if we just did the same dress in black? Kind of did. Just gathered. [Mutters] Let's see it. Where's your gown, girl? In the sewing room. I gotta go steam it. If I didn't get to go to Fashion Week after all of these challenges one after the other-- you can just kick your leg out. This would be really sad. I have to make it to Fashion Week. I've grown so much in the past weeks that I've been here. It's been a real roller coaster, but I've developed more of a confidence in who I am and what I do. So I hope that the judges want to see a collection from me. I wanna show my collection at Fashion Week so that I can show my family, people in the industry, who I am. And I feel like I'm ready. Yeah, so just have fun with it. I'm going to. It's been such a long journey. This is the end of the road for this part of Project Runway. But I know if I make it to Fashion Week, it's gonna be a lot more work once I get home. And I plan on it. I just feel vulnerable. Yeah. You know? Totally. It's just weird. I walked into Project Runway with desperation. I came here on the last little bit of gas that I had. This is, like, years of sacrifice and overdrawn bank accounts. This is just, like, it. Designers and models, are you ready? Because this is it. This is the moment. Please follow me down to the Runway. Yay. I'm excited. Oh, thank you. Come on, everyone. Thank you. That's a record. Coming up on Project Runway: I'm so confused. What happened? I was not impressed with your look. This is a missed opportunity. I think you've really lost your steam. [Dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Hello. Designers: Hi. Welcome to the Runway. As you know in Fashion, one day you're in, and the next day, you're out. There are five you here. And after tonight, there will be less than five. For this final challenge, we asked you to blow us away. The Mayor offered up all of New York City for you to use as your inspiration. You had $500 and two days to put your look together. Okay, let's meet the judges. First, we have top American Designer, Michael Kors. Hey, guys. Fashion director for Marie Claire magazine, Nina Garcia. Hi, everyone. And Project Runway Season Four winner, Christian Siriano. [Giggles] Welcome. Hello. Hi. We will score your designs as they come down the Runway. Okay, let's start the show. [Energetic music] ♪ ♪ I love the look on Cassie. It's draped to perfection. It's got that comfort easy vibe, that effortless chic that I'm looking for. It's got the wow factor. I'm glad I stayed true to myself because the dress coming down the Runway looks absolutely amazing. Yes. ♪ ♪ milana really rocks my look on the Runway. I think she really embodies a different type of customer, and I really like that. And the skirt looks really pretty, the jacket looks nice. I don't think it looks super Runway, but I went to the Lower East Side, so I wanted it to look like a real girl walking down the street. ♪ ♪ watching my look come down the Runway, I am so happy with it. It's striking without being in your face. It looks wet, which I think is so interesting. And you can see the design lines. I feel like I have a really strong look that is me, and I feel really good about it. ♪ ♪ this one look could send me to Fashion Week. It's flirty and sassy, sexy, a mixed bag of textiles and patterns, and my point of view is very strong. I'm feeling confident. And it's in the judges' hands at this point. Thank you. ♪ ♪ as I see the look coming down the Runway, I feel like it's stronger than some of the others. It's well constructed and fits her well-- and on top of that, having a very wearable piece, but still very avant-garde. It's kind of fulfilling everything I wanted to show, and that's what makes me happy about sending it on the Runway. ♪ ♪ [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ we scored your designs as they came down the Runway. Some of you will compete at new York Fashion Week. And one or more of you will not. Mondo. Tell us about your inspiration and your look. Well, I went to the Brooklyn Bridge. I was kneeling down and looking through the fence and through the cables, and it created an optical illusion. So I'm just really inspired by op art. You've proved that color is not your crutch. The patent leather thing is truly, you know, it's, like, I don't know, your label should be Mondo in patent leather. But I liked that you dealt with something architectural, you dealt with neutral color, but still, it's full of joy and full of Mondo. Can we see the back? I don't think Mondo has a lack of ideas. I feel like I have seen a range from you. This is a really phenomenal dress. Thank you so much. I would have loved to see something completely different. Because I feel like I've seen this houndstooth a few times too. I think it's a really chic dress. I love the mix of the textiles. She's kind of, for me, a bit more uptown than Brooklyn Bridge-inspired, I don't know. Andy. I chose to go to Central Park. Wherever I was in the park, I could never escape the city. And so I kept the architectural feel. The last thing I'm getting, quite frankly, is Central Park. Am I getting Blade Runner, am I getting a little Robert Palmer video girl in the '80s? This warrior woman, it doesn't seem like the freshest look. But that said, I think it's beautifully crafted, it fits fabulously. I love that wet effect that it has, with that matte and shine. I like the lines because I think that they make her body even better. She likes the lines too. [Giggles] Can we see the back? I mean, it's a perfect little black dress for that edgy girl. I really love this dress. The seaming is really stunning. I love that kind of weird bracelet that she has. Thank you. So I like it. Gretchen. I went to the Lower East Side. I wanted to play with texture in ways that I don't typically. The jacket, these lines are from bricks that kind of were, like, the scaffolding on the buildings. I wanted to create a piece that kind of replicated the essence of the customer that would be walking down the street there. I'm so confused. I just, I think you really lost your steam. I don't think it looks downtown, I don't think it looks uptown, I think it looks Midtown. I don't think it has your vibe. I think she looks kind of rock and roll secretarial. I'm confused too. I feel like another Designer took over your body. What happened? Um... I'm tired and I do feel like I've run out of steam a little bit. I want to get back to how I design and what I design. And for some reason, I'm just kind of sick of the challenges, and I guess it got the best of me. What do you mean by when you say you're tired of the challenges? That the challenges are crazy, and you have to, like, edit yourself into fitting into that cookie cutter. But really, this challenge, I felt like you guys had freedom. You could do whatever you wanted to do. I like that it's wearable. I'm curious to know if that's the idea that you would do in a collection. Would it be this world of separates and just easy dressing? I'm not sure if that's what you're thinking. Yeah, I mean, you know, the stuff I ke is like the stuff I wear. Can I see the back of the jacket? I mean, I think the jacket's cool, but I think the blouse and the skirt are a little bit almost off the rack. I still think it's wearable-- that's a great point. But it's more about the newness for me. I think that you're better than this. I think that you're a better Designer. I was quite surprised when I saw this one. April. My inspiration was the Brooklyn Bridge. And I wanted to take from the Brooklyn Bridge the idea of structure and fluidity because of the water underneath. The sameness is so numbing. You have made a version of this garment so many times, I can't count. There's never any joy in your clothes. And can I see the back of it, please? You know, and the asymmetry and just the whole thing about it. She's a pregnant witch. I don't know what else to say. Why did you not, like, surprise us with some color? Me as a Designer, I really like the kind of drama and this kind of dark elegance. So I kind of am stuck in that-- but just even if you would have just done another color. But, like, when we say, "wow us," just step outside your comfort zone a little bit. Push the envelope a little bit so when it comes out, we're like, oh, my God, who is this next Designer? Oh, my God. She surprised us. Okay. I'm sorry. I think it has some beautiful lines, especially from the back. But it would be nice to just change it up a little bit. This is a missed opportunity, to be honest with you. I am not certain that you have any range besides this. I like the cut, I think it's beautiful. I think it's interesting. She kind of looks like you, which I think is kind of maybe you're that girl and that's what you would wear. And I think that there could be something further in a colltion in a story with this world. Michael. My inspiration was from the Statue of Liberty. I didn't really wanna do a dress that would be, like, a replica. I wanted to do--do it in black. And something that will just basically be a showstopper. You wanted a showstopper, and you got a showstopper. It is beautifully cut, beautifully draped. Is it chiffon or is it jersey? I don't know what it is. It's mystery cloth. I saw it and I just really liked it. Is it stretchy, or no? Yeah, it has give. Oh, so it's jersey. Yeah, it's, like, a jersey of some sort. It's, like, a beautiful chiffon jersey. I was very impressed with the back. It just fits wonderfully. It moved beautifully. It has this really effortless kind of old Hollywood glamorous kind of beauty to it. My only thing was is that the slit was a bit high in the front. I actually loved the super high slit. I would love to wear this dress somewhere. I think that many women would want to wear this dress. Michael, why should you go to Fashion Week? I hope that you see that I've tried my best to show you a range. Just wanna be truthful and honest with you guys and just tell you how much I would love to go in it. It's a lot. What other two Designers do you think should go to Fashion Week with you? Andy, his work is impeccable. Also Mondo. I know he stays true to himself as a Designer. So I'd have to say Andy and Mondo. Gretchen. For any Designer to clearly articulate their point of view, a full show gives them the opportunity to paint that picture. And I'd love to show you something that would make you think twice about me. What other two Designers do you think should go with you to Fashion Week? Mondo. I think he has grown and listened to you, and I think the evolution will create a very tailored but playful show that would be fun for me to see. I'm really torn between Andy and April because I think they're both very talented. But because of April's youth, I feel like I'd like to see her go to see what she would do. Andy. I have taken risks. I've kept your interests. I would like to continue that with a showcase at Fashion Week. And which two Designers do you think should go with you? This is a really tough question that I knew was coming. I would definitely love to see a collection from Mondo. I'm also torn between Gretchen and April. But I'm going to... Have to go with April as my choice. Mondo. You know, this is the biggest opportunity I've ever been given, and I feel like I approach it in a different way. I have fun creating, and I'm just ready to push forward and be at Fashion Week. What two Designers should go with you? Well, this is really hard. I've really been impressed... By Michael Costello. Michael, after I worked with him on the challenge where we had a sample maker, people were really pissed at him. And I can be honest. When I pulled his name and he was my sample maker, I was pissed. But we put that aside and we worked on a professional level. He listens and he's not afraid to grow. Well, the second one I would have to say... I'm torn between April and Andy because they're both artists. Well, I wish I could pick both of them because, you know, they're young and they're just starting out and this opportunity is huge. But if I did have to pick one, I would pick April. April. Once I get out of this bubble and have time to really open myself up, I could really put forth a beautiful collection. I promise not to use all black, so. And who do you think should go with you and why? I think that Mondo definitely deserves to go to Fashion Week. The second person, I think that Gretchen really deserves to go to Fashion Week as well. Okay, we have heard what you had to say. We're gonna have a long chat. And then we'll bring you back out. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. That was stressful6 I wasn't totally in love with my look and I knew that. If I'm supposed to go, I'll go. If I'm not supposed to go, I'm gonna get there very soon on my own. I could produce a beautiful collection if they give me a chance, but if they don't wanna give me a chance, somebody else will, you know? Absolutely. Please, if it's hurting you on any level, whatever the judges said to you, don't let that affect you. Don't let it hit you that hard. You know, it's just really tough. I just hated that we had to pick, because it's very, very tough and, like, I don't want anyone to take anything personally. It was really hard to say who I wanted because I know we've all worked very, very, very hard. And for me to choose two people, it was like I was killing somebody's dream, because we all have dreams. Man, you know, I really do wish that all five of us would be able to go, you know? I didn't wanna play God. That's not my choice. And I had a choice to take two people with me, and I didn't wanna be given that choice. Mm-hmm, I feel the same way. 'Cause it's scary, you know? It's really scary. Let's start with Mondo. To me, it's obvious that Mondo really steps up to the plate. He does. It was a great-looking dress. He's one of the rare Designers that loves to use color. He loves prints and mixing patterns. He has attention to detail. I think that his clothes are show worthy and wearable at the same time. That's something that, you know, is very rare to find. I don't know. I've only seen one look, so maybe taste because of the styling, I thought was a bit... His own, you mean? [Laughs] His... You mean his own, or from the model? The model, I thought she was, you know. So it's that dress, which is pretty. And then with the styling, I don't know. Let's talk about Andy. Andy is very talented. He also knows how to craft things that are actually very complicated to get the cutouts and the piecing. But I am worried that we're gonna be stuck in this super bitch warrior mode. Dominatrix-y. The dominatrix thing is-- that's what he loves. Yeah. But, you know, hopefully, the warrior woman is not his only, you know, statement. Do you think he did something very safe today? I do. Beautifully done. I loved that dress. Gorgeous. But simple black-- it's a very safe thing to do. Because we always love black. You give us a little bit of jazz with it, we're happy. I mean, let's face it. There is something about him and that fabric manipulation that I really believe in. He can push himself to be creative and put on a show. Let's talk about Michael. To me, hands down, that was the dress or garment of the Runway today. It was exciting, but wearable. And when I see that kind of sophistication, this guy has the ability to do it. This was a phenomenally beautiful dress in its simplicity, in its detail. What was interesting about Michael's when he was explaining it, what I-- the one thing I thought was interesting is that he didn't know what fabric he used. I mean, that's a weird-- not to understand. So for me, maybe he made this beautiful dress which was the best piece, but maybe it was a bit by accident? I don't know. He might not know what the fabric is-- but he knows what it does? He knows what it does and he knows what to do with it. He didn't try to make a pantsuit out of that Jersey. Right. Right. You know, he let the fabric speak. Who cares if he knows what the fabric is? As long as you're attracted to it, he makes beautiful things. And it was gorgeous. That's what ultimately is the most important thing. What do you think about April's? I can see a witch with a broomstick. It is always the same damn dress. She's got an eye for where to place the cutouts, but I don't know. I mean, to me, it's a witch who's nine months pregnant. It's a very tough dress to wear. Like that-- yeah, that customer, I don't know if it exists. You know, she's been doing black. She's been doing black dresses-- and here's the problem that I have. April has really not taken any chances. Where everybody else has put themselves out there on the line, she hasn't. But I think-- I don't know, design-wise and idea-wise, could be interesting. And then there's Gretchen. I mean, she has lost her steam as well. I mean, this was unwearable, what she presented today. No, in fact, I think it was too wearable. No. Like who, where? It was 8th Avenue Street market-- yeah, that's what it looked like to me. With the skirt. I mean-- you know all those vendors? Like the rack of skirts. I mean, I think she wants to make what I like to call smart clothes. And I think she's a very smart girl. She knows who her girl is, and then all of a sudden today, she threw that out the window. Would it be interesting to see? Because to me, with this challenge, even though it wasn't good, she's so different. It could be an interesting show in that--in that world. I think she's lost her confidence. Yeah. Or maybe she ran out of ideas too. But is the taste there? The taste is there, definitely. I agree. So we've made our decision? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let's bring them back out. Good luck. Good luck to you. Good luck. Good luck, guys. You are all very talented. But unfortunately, all of you cannot compete at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week. One of you will be out tonight. You made this all very difficult for us today. But unfortunately, one of you will be out tonight. The remaining four of you will be creating a collection to show at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week. But only three of you will compete as finalists. Michael. You have had some very high and very low points throughout the season. But today was a major high. We all loved your dress. It was a true showstopper. It was effortless and sophisticated. And we could clearly see your inspiration. Congratulations, you're in. You'll be coming back to New York. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. You can leave the Runway. I'm really excited to leave the Runway knowing that you're still in it, but it's still a competition. [Sighs] [Laughs] Oh, my God. Back to my humble self again. Come off the ground, Michael. You're still not there, but you know, if it's God's will, he'll take you there. But at least you'll get to make a collection. Whoa. Mondo, we really liked what you did. Your dress showcased your aesthetic fantastically. With the right mix of textiles and patterns, your dress was playful and unique. Congratulations, you're in. You can leave the Runway. Thank you so much. See you soon. [Sniffling] God. I've allowed myself to believe that I am able to accomplish this and that I do deserve to be here. I couldn't be happier. I couldn't be more proud of where I am. I just have to work hard, stay true to myself, and I'm sure that it's all gonna pay off. [Cries with joy] Hey. Hi. [Continues crying] Oh, my God, Michael. So proud of you. So, so proud of you. I'm so pr-- I'm so shocked. I didn't think I was gonna make it this far. You're good, boy. You're good. Andy. Like many of your fellow Designers, you've had some high highs and low lows. But today, you did a good job. Your perfect little black dress had some great details. But we do worry about the already played out warrior woman aesthetic... But think you deserve a chance to surprise us at Fashion Week. Congratulations. You're in. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. Thank you. Good job. I'm just really thankful. We've come to the final round, and it's just been so long of a process. I know that it's been a roller coaster for me. There have been a few times that I could have been out. But I think those were the times that I really learned a lot about myself. We're still in the game, you guys. Yep. One more. So no more warrior woman? I didn't even reference her for, like, five challenges. [Giggles] April. Gretchen. One of you will be out. April. Your designs have run the gamut throughout the season. You too have had some major ups and downs. Your dress had some very interesting design elements. U have a very clear point of view. But we also feel like we've seen this from you many, many, many times before. Gretchen. You are the only Designer here today that created separates. It was refreshing to see someone design wearable sportswear. But you lost your way. You went to the Lower East Side, yet your look was not cool at all. It looked cheap, overly commercial, and your standout styling skills deserted you. Gretchen. [Suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ you're in. [Softly] Thank you. April, I'm sorry, that means you're out. Gretchen, you can leave the Runway. Thank you very much. It's been a pleasure. Good job. The challenge of coming on Project Runway may not be over. You're in? I'm in. Congratulations, girl. Congratulations. Whew. At the same time, it's really exciting to have the opportunity to go home and make the collection I've been dreaming about nightly, and I think I really need a high-end Fashion show to show who I am. I'm gonna produce something you'll all be amazed by. I'm just really relieved that... They gave me the second chances that each of you guys got. [Sighs] Mwah. Auf wiedersehen. Mwah. All the best to you. Thank you. Thanks, guys. I'm really surprised that they won't give me a shot at Fashion Week because I feel like I am a strong Designer. I'm just, like, kind of shocked, I guess, I don't know. [Sighs] Well, it's been fun. But... It doesn't end here, you know that. No, of course not. You accomplished so much already. I know. I know I have. You should be proud. I know. My time will come. That takes some balls, girl. [Laughter] Hi, Tim. April. I'm so glad to see you. I hope you're as proud of what you've achieved as I am. And you're our youngest Designer. This is just the threshold of a staggering career for you. And look where you are. We're gonna miss you. I have to send you to the workroom to pick up your space. Bye, Tim. Mwah, mwah. Love you. Bye, guys. I love you. Good luck, okay? Bye, April. Make big mama proud. Drink one for me. I'm proud of how far I've gone, that's for sure. It just sucks that I had to be the one to go right before Fashion Week. You know, it's just, like, almost there-- bam, not there. It really is bittersweet, you know? But I am looking ahead, and I don't ever look back. I think I'll be okay, for sure. You're the final four. I know. How crazy. But it's not over yet. No. 'Cause you're all competing for three spaces. Next time on Project Runway: Before you know it, I'm gonna be knocking on your door to check up on your collection. Michael. How are you? It's like design diarrhea! You could have a truly hot mess. It says teens pajamas tonight. You know what I'm gonna say about this. Four of you will be competing for three spaces. This is my dream. This is my future. I--I have to be there. And... Oh, my God. What? It's always going to be evil, no matter what's in it. You might be out today. That's a real big gamble. This is the do or die moment. Visit mylifetime.Com to learn more about the Fashion you've seen on tonight's show. -- sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 