Project Runway: Season 8, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Project Runway 
 s8e4 - Hats Off to You - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Project Runway (2004–…): Season 8, Episode 4 - Hats Off to You - full transcript 
 Competition reality series, where each week budding fashion designers face challenges and elimination as they compete for cash and prizes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Project Runway... I love the unconventional challenges because they give you an opportunity to work with materials you wouldn't work with otherwise. Do you guys have plastic tiaras? We are not making a pinata. We are making a dress. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I can't seem to figure out how to make it into something that I like. How's it going? Are you gonna make it? I have no time left. To think that this is just a dress made of ribbon material from a party store, i think that's remarkable. To me, it's kind of a really strange mix going on. Andy, congratulations, you are the winner of this 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 challenge. Thank you. I'm sorry, Sarah. That means you're out. How you feeling right now? You feeling a little better? Ivy just fainted. I'm just really scared for her. This is Project Runway. Yes! Let's go! The search for the next big fashion designer. I was born ready. You know you love this. You're either in... Or you're out. It's about fashion. Who will be the next great fashion designer? I'm the best there is. 17 designers... This is my chance. Three finalists... But only one can be the winner. It's Fashion Week, or go home. I've come way too far to lose. For these 17 designers, Project Runway is the chance of a lifetime. The winner of Project Runway will receive $100,000 from L'Oreal Paris to start their own line, a fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine, a $50,000 technology suite from HP and Intel to create their vision and run their business, and the opportunity to design and sell an exclusive collection on piperlime.Com. The model paired with the winner of Project Runway will receive a fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine and $25,000 from L'Oreal Paris Studio Secrets Professional. Okay, give me a sec. She's in the hallway. Just try and breathe, nice and easy. Almost immediately, ivy passed out. Nice, easy breaths. Ivy just fainted. And I'm worried because I know they have to take her to the hospital, and I... It just seems really serious to me. How are you feeling right now? Do you feel a little better? Still feel a little dizzy? I'm worried if she's gonna be okay, if she's gonna go home. I think I'm really worried now. Ivy, the minute we went to the workroom, it was like, bam, the girl was on. And I think she just stopped taking care of herself. It was more important to get the dress done. Yeah, she was stressing so much. I don't think she ate a lot. The girl drinks a lot of diet coke, and smokes a lot, and you know, maybe the coffee thing... Stressing. Yeah, and she's stressing. At least we know she's in good care, and she's at the hospital, and they're gonna do their best to make sure that... She'll be okay. She'll be all right. Project Runway 8x04 Hats Off to You Original Air Date on August 19, 2010 -- Sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- I just got released from the hospital, and the doctor gave me the okay that I can go back to work. The end result was just dehydration. And I feel so embarrassed that it happened. If there's one lesson that I've learned, it's to definitely take care of the body. I am really looking forward to the next day and creating my vision that I got inspired by the hospital room. Hello. Hi. Andy, you were the winner of the last challenge, so you will have immunity and cannot be eliminated this week. I am really excited about this next challenge. And you are about to see why. Let's bring out your models. Oh, my gosh. Wow. Oh, my God. Isn't this amazing? Yes. Every hat, one after the other is just as fabulous, and breathtaking, and a piece of art. And I think to myself, "I am so happy to be here right now." I'm excited to introduce you to the artist himself. He designs for the most beautiful women in the world-- from Sarah Jessica Parker, to Lady gaga... Philip treacy. Hi. Mwah! Welcome. Thank you. Hi. Philip treacy is an amazing hat designer. I don't even know if I would call him a designer as more of an artist. He's a craftsman, and he is phenomenal at what he does. Designers, your challenge is to create a look inspired by and worthy to be worn with one of these works of art. To have your dress being worn with one of his hats? That's, like, the Holy grail, dude. That's--that's big time. Philip, do you have any advice for them? I think you have to think in terms of the volume and the proportion that will work with the overall silhouette of the person. And matching is old hat. That is good advice. Andy, you won the last challenge, so you get to pick your hat first. You will also be working with the model that is wearing your hat--all of you will. I'm going to stick with my Cassie. Thank you. April. The first hat that I am drawn to is the one that ify's wearing. I think that it's super cool. But ify's a difficult model to work with. I'm gonna stay with millana. Michael drummond. I'm going to stick with my model, zhanna. And that's my favorite hat. Michael costello. Lenka. Love you. Thank you. Peach. My model, ify, oooh! Her attitude is awful. But she's a tall, lanky, thin girl. She's stunningly beautiful. I'm going to stick with ify. Thank you. Gretchen. I have a fetish with feathers, so I'm going to stick with my model, Alexandra. Christopher. I'm staying with my Rose. Mondo. Eyen, I would love to work together again. Thank you. Thank you. Ivy. I would love to stick with ekaterina. Thank you. A.J. Every single time, we seem to make it work, so I'm going to stick with you, amare. Thank you. Valerie. I'm not crazy about her hat, 'cause it's not really a hat, it's more of a mask. But I really wanted to stay loyal to my model. This mask-hat seems pretty tricky, but my model and I seem to have a pretty good thing going. So I'm sticking with Tina Marie. Thank you. You're welcome. Casanova. Well, I will stay with my sarae. Kristin, kaven is left on the runway, and you will be working with her again and this beautiful hat. I love orchids. It's one of my favorite flowers. But damn, you know? It's so in-your-face. Okay, Philip will be our guest judge. Good luck with this challenge, and I'll see you on the runway. Bye, everybody. Bye. Hello, everybody. Hi. How excited are you? Way, very excited. We have the hats in the designer lounge. There is a photograph of each of your hats on your hp touchsmart notebook. Now you have until 11:00 tonight... So your 15 minutes of sketching begins now. And then we're going to mood, where we will have a budget of $150. Whew. Okay? Thank you, everyone. Thank you. The hat I was given reminded me of something that you'd wear in the future to some kind of island. So I wanted to do a resort-wear outfit that was complementary of the hat, but still accented it. I see this hat being worn on the head of a woman who is part of the royal family. It feels good to not worry because I have immunity, and I have a really good chance of winning again. I'm a huge David bowie fan. So I thought of labyrinth, and I thought of the leather, and spandex, and the high collars, and low-scooped baroque corseted dresses. I think I might do something that points a nod to those things. But a little more modern, and edgier, and understated. I know what I wanna design. Like, this halter that would drop down and just have the circular movement that it had with the hat. I know that this dress is gonna kick ass, and it's gonna be amazing. So this hat is completely architectural. And it is framing my model's face so well. And I just want to be able to mimic that. And I think that this hat speaks of a warrior. Back at home, I'm inspired by my garden. But here, having a flower as a hat? Oh, goodness. This is gonna be tough. This really is gonna be a tough challenge. You like yours? For me, yours is the risky one. It is risky. All right, designers, let's head off to mood. Follow me. So excited. It is exciting. I'm so excited. Thrilling. It's Philip treacy! Let's go. There's a million, trillion fabrics to choose from. I think they all have voices, and I'm hearing them. While I was in the hospital, I saw the curtains that were in there. And I really liked the contrast between the solid and the mesh fabric. So I'm thinking that would be a really nice detail to have in the back. So it was very serendipitous. I'm just trying to see if this is the right fabric for that. Is that too--I don't want anything too shiny. It's not playing second fiddle to the hat. It needs to be a good marriage. Right. Hold your feather. I got this. No, it matches my hat perfectly. It has the silhouette of it. You're right. It does. Oh, homage-age. All right, designers, time is up. $147.55. $147? And 55. Nice. All right, everyone, let's head back to the workroom. Thank you, mood! Thank you, mood. Off we go. I'm a little nervous. Ooh, what happened here? I'm thinking seriously to quit. What happened? I'm not sure if I'm able to hear more stuff, like before. Casanova, don't say that. I believe in you. You can do it! Casanova's kind of being a diva, but I mean, it's expected coming from a queen. But there are times when it can be a little much for everyone in the workroom. The judges, they know that I sew very well. But maybe they believe that I don't have taste. And that's the thing that I have to do in the next challenge, to show my taste. No, you're really not. No, I didn't get a zipper for my dress. You know what, I thought about the same thing. I can't believe I didn't do that either. Well, I've got this-- no, I didn't. Oh, my God. You're smart enough to do this. You know, Murphy's law, dude. I tell you what, that guy Murphy and I are not friends. I have an extra one if you need one, but it's not in black. Ooh, what color is it? White. That's fine. Is it invisible? Yeah. It's a flower. It's the hat. This is really gonna be a tough challenge, because it's so literal. And I'm not used--I don't do literal. I don't do literal at all. To me, all the other hats have such great possibilities. I mean, you could make the story your own. How do you make a story out of an orchid? I don't really know. Um...I don't know what I'm gonna do. Coming up on Project Runway... Haven't we all seen this dress a hundred times before? Yeah, you think? I'm not going to dissuade you from being concerned. You should be. What am I doing? What the hell am I doing? What if I made something like-- ah. Ten hours, everybody. That's it. Not that much time. Ten hours. Our challenge is to design a garment worthy enough to be worn with one of Philip treacy's hats. You are in awe just of the presence of his designs. My scissors are gone. You know, there are moments that I get a little, like, jittery in my belly, and I'm like, "oh, crap, I could totally blow it and be in the bottom." Just, I have to keep working harder. Anybody have, like, a black knit? As far as time wise, I'm looking at the clock and I think I can do this. I'm feeling confident. Just don't wanna pass out again, like last time. Ah. I'd have just loved to have gotten yours. I'm inspired. I wasn't at first, but now I'm like, "oh, my God." At first this challenge scared me, because I'm like, "what am I going to do with this orchid?" I want it to be an evening-- like, a black evening-ish dress, but with a little bit of whimsy in it. But then I thought this would inspire me because, when I got married, I actually had orchids, you know, in my hair. And I needed to do something that conveyed romance, that conveyed l le. It's also very provocative somewhat. It is very provocative. I was like, ooh, she's gonna meet her lover. Oh, my God, where's my husband? But Whoo! Flowers have both male and female organs, so. You know, it's walking sex. The hat brings out your sexy? Yeah, well, look at it. It's just a big vagina. Wait, so what are you trying to tell us? Vagina makes you excited? Well, doesn't it--oh, never mind, look who I'm talking to! Kristin, she's a character. Oh, thank you! I think Kristin's crazy. I needed that so bad. Wow! I'm serious. I hope I get to talk to my son today. Oh, that's right, happy father's day, honey. Thank you. I have my son, Giovanni. He's six years old, love of my life. Happy father's day. Happy father's day, Michael. Thank you. Anyone else a dad around here? No, not me. What do you think? "If that's your style. It's not mine." I think Michael c is an insecure designer. And I don't think he has his vision yet. His dress, it's a hot mess. Do you have a seam down the front? Yeah. Mm. Uh. I am a few hours into my design right now. I'm telling myself that I love it when I really don't. Damn, I don't even know what happened here. This is a big deal, and my dress sucks at this point. How is everybody? Good. Good, excellent. Hi, Valerie. Hi, Tim. So talk to me about what you're doing. I wanted to do a jacket. Mm-hmm. She has red lips, and the black mask. I decided to mix the soft with the hard in using this white faux leather for the jacket. And I'm also putting the black zippers here on the chest. Do you think the zippers are too heavy? Killing me with your silence. My feeling about these things in general is if they don't have a purpose, why have them? Well, it's a design detail. I feel like it's the hardware of the dress, and it gives it a little more edge. But it also needs to be necessary because with just as much frequency the judges talk about editing. Right, right. You know? Did you really need that? Right. You can play with it. Right. Zippers are my favorite part. So I really want to take his advice, but at the same time, he does remind me that I need to stay true to myself and it's my decision. All right, thank you. Thank you. April. Hey, how are you? I'm good. Talk to me. What did that hat say to you? Well, I really liked it, 'cause it was kind of modern, but still avant-garde. Mm-hmm. I wanted to do hot shorts and a jacket. I don't think the runway is really the place for Booty shorts, nor do I think designing for a Philip treacy hat is the place for Booty shorts. For me, for the cut of the short... Mm-hmm. And the color of the short... Mm-hmm. It really says "diaper." Especially it's quilted, so there's a thickness to it. I mean, I totally would wear them if my butt was that small. But it's not, so. I think the shorts are a cool idea and a risky idea at the same time. Thank you. Thank you, see you later. Michael. Hi, Tim. What is this? It's just a pleated fabric of some sort. Maybe it's a blend. It's fabulous, though. Basically, I figured if I mimicked the line--like, the opening here, it will open her up more. Because it's very heavy. I do know that it could easily step into a place that's Sci-Fi fiction fantasy. But do you know something? But I'm okay with that. You want to walk the precipice, you want to. Oh, no, I don't know what that really means. You don't wanna play it safe. Got you. I don't wanna--you're right. And you don't want it to be a kooky costume. Don't. So it becomes a matter of taste. Mm-hmm. And when it's a matter of taste, we don't know where it's going to go. But as long as you have the confidence in your look, in some ways it doesn't matter. Mm-hmm. All right. Thank you, Michael. Thank you. Can't wait to see it. Come here, chica. We got work to do. So how's Kristin? Okay. You know, I have the orchid. Yeah, I know, it's stunning. It's stunning. This looks fussy. Yeah, it does. Just doesn't look modern. It gets on my nerves too. Yeah, that gets on my nerves too. So there we go, gone. Kristin, I really don't like her work. I feel like it's really sloppy and not very thoughtful. I did wanna add a little shrug to it, but... Why? What if I made something... Ah! Thank you. It's gone. Okay. All right. Thank you, Kristin. Okay, thanks, Tim. The woman who can afford that hat... Yes? Would be able to afford a polka dot dress where the polka dots line up. Okay. And they don't on your dress. Okay. I thought I'd do a really short pencil skirt. A really short pencil skirt. What do you mean "really short?" Like, you know, 15, 16 inches, not up... Yeah. You know, to show the good china. Hey, Tim. Wow, look at all this fabric. Making a pant, and then it's going to have this waistband. Not a fully exposed zipper, but it'll be laid in there. It's a lot of look. Right, it is. But that's what I do. Christopher, I'm crazy about this print. I love this print. I wanted her to have an open neck to allow for the angles of the top. Yeah. Oh, I agree. So I, like, gave it a lot of kick of, like, fabric in here. So I think on the runway it will flow, like, open. Hmm. It's, like, I feel like I've just been this steady as she goes. Like, slowly going up. But never quite there. And then I got a lot of buttons to kind of... I thought maybe these could be really interesting on the leggings as well. To kind of give it a little bit of energy. I just wonder if it's gonna seem like you're trying too hard. You're right. Absolutely. All right, Christopher, thank you. Thank you. I feel awesome about my design. I have no concern, until Tim comes to my table and say... Haven't we all seen this dress a hundred times before? Yes, you think? And to me, it says, "Donna karan, 1988." I cannot make any more mistake. I already did mistake enough. I'm not like a cat with seven life. When you see this hat, do you think who would wear the hat? What kind of person would she be? Oh, my God! Nobody wear the hat. It's very editorial. Editorial? Editorial. Well, in fact, people do wear Philip treacy's hats. For me, the dress is more wearable. Oh, it's very wearable. That's one of my concerns about it. So the dress should be not wearable? No. No, no, no, no, no. It's almost as though you went shopping, bought a dress, and you're putting it on your model, and she's wearing Philip treacy's hat. Mm-hmm. All right. I don't know what else I can say except finish it superbly. Okay? Okay. All right. Casanova, he has strong sewing skills. And I feel like, with proper guidance, he could do really well. Thank you, Casanova. Thank you. So, Michael, how's it going? Not exactly as I'd hoped for. Talk to me. Well, I've never worked with this kind of fabric before, and it created, like, a little puckering detail that's driving me insane. So that's my big concern. It--I mean, I'm not going to dissuade you from being concerned; You should be. That's what I thought. I feel so bad about this dress, but... Change it up. I agree. You have to. At least you know it. Yeah. How am I gonna make another dress in a short amount of time? How am I gonna do this? All right, Michael... Go make it work. Pack my Bags, I'll just go home. I'll just go home. Coming up on Project Runway... Why would you send a diaper down the runway? I don't think he has any idea what is modern. He's afraid of it looking like a cardboard box. I think it's gonna be peach, Kristin, and April in the bottom. All right, designers, I'm leaving you for the evening. Some of you have some very important decisions to make. I trust that they will be made. And the winner of this challenge will have immunity and cannot be eliminated from the next challenge. All right? I will see you in the morning. Work hard. And get restst! I decided to take Tim's advice, and I cut that sucker right off the mannequin. I start playing with some other fabrics, but I'm not feeling too confident at this point. Michael costello, he has a lot to learn. He didn't bring a ruler with him. At least to help you with a straight line. I mean, there are many ways to skin a cat, but you should probably bring a knife. Are you done with your dress already? Almost. I need to make a hem and put a zipper, and that's it. Uh-oh. I think April, her stuff still looks like student work. And I think her work is too costume-y. I think she's probably gonna go home soon. Thanks, mom! We miss you a lot. Oh, he did? Let me talk to him. Dad, I didn't really catch a fish. You didn't really catch a fish? Being able to talk to Giovanni really put me at ease. You know, 'cause he's my boy. I love him to death. When you'll be back? I don't know yet. I needed to hear from him. My mind was in a crazy place. Love you, baby. Bye. Bye. I think you have to, as a designer, go with your gut feeling but know when to stop. That's why it's good when you have somebody like Tim come in the room because he kind of puts you back on track. I had this other really beautiful fabric, and I got an idea and I just went with it. I think I'm on to something that's really beautiful and very sophisticated. Michael c's look, he sometimes just goes over-the-top. His taste level is a little bit questionable at times. It needs something, because I feel like....Look. Definitely leggings. Oh, the back is nice. I like the back. I actually like it now. What we're gonna do is just tweak it a little bit. Like, that's totally the ticket right there. Yeah, I like this. Don't get depressed 'cause we're not winning. No, because we are. 'Cause we're doing really well. I don't know what she's thinking. All the judges are gonna be like, "why would you send a diaper down the runway?" It's really feminine. Let me look at you next to it. Yes, yes! I like my garment. I like the way it flows, and I like that it's romantic. You know, I'm feeling good about it. She have a lot of idea how to make a big mess around the body of the model. But it's not design. Yeah. We're done, we're good. I'm crazy. Like, I have to finish this thing, and I didn't even make my skirt. And everyone's like, "what about your skirt? What about your skirt?" I'm out of time and I'm out of trick ponies, so. But they're all, like, secretly happy. Let's go home. Did you guys get a chance to look at anybody's work? No, I didn't. Can we trash talk for a little bit? You know, I liked Casanova's at first. I don't know if I like it now. I don't think he has any idea what is modern and fresh. He's making old Lady clothes again, right? Is that what you heard? Is that what you heard? Yes. He said Donna karan, 1980s. Michael drummond with that cardboard. I actually like it. But he might--but I don't know what he's gonna do with it, though. Like, it fits well, but, like, he's afraid of it looking like a cardboard box. Well, the fabric looks like a cardboard box. So who do you guys think is going home tomorrow? I think it's gonna be peach, Kristin, and April in the bottom. I am nervous about tomorrow. Why? Yeah, 'cause I have a nice little dress. But it's a nice little dress. I'm afraid to-- yeah, but how does it look with the hat? You know, I don't know. I don't know. Well, that's what matters. I'll find out tomorrow. Mm. And Heidi likes short, and tight, and shiny. Whatever, you know. 'Cause, like, you know, I only care--I care more about what Philip thinks. You know, but I don't want Heidi to, "well, it's not short..." You know? I don't want, you know... We'll see. I have to see it. I haven't seen your dress. I wish you didn't tell me that. Coming up on Project Runway... I see some worried looks around here. Stop doing this, machine! Agh! It may take a stick of butter... Ouch, ouch. But I'm going to get this girl in this dress. Coming! Ivy... That's-- whoa, sorry. ♪ Da, da, da, da ♪ you know, even if I have immunity... Like, I know I can't go home today, but I don't wanna, like, mess up. I'm afraid for April because her garment really, really does look like a diaper. Who do you think's gonna be in the top? I think I could be in the top two. I just want a critique. I've just been in the middle, and I'm tired of not at least getting feedback, whether it's positive or negative. Are you going as the hulk today? Why do you have all that green on your face? Because too oily. It's a nice look for you. Thank you. All right, let's go. Where's my sanity? April, no sanity, no dignity. Let's go. Ready to go. Good morning. It's runway day, but I still have the back of the jacket to drape, I still have the zipper for the skirt, the hem of the skirt. It's kind of a lot, but I know I can execute things beautifully and quickly. Hemming the skirt for me just is what scares me the most, because hemming a skirt can take a long time. So yeah, I'm a little nervous. You're going so fast. Stop doing this, machine! Agh! Bad machine. Good morning, everybody. Good morning. It's a big, big day. It's your Philip treacy day. So you have two hours to send your models to the L'Oreal Paris makeup room and the garnier hair salon. And remember, with the piperlime accessory wall, this is about your design and Philip treacy's hats, so be very thoughtful about how you use it. I see some worried looks around here. Everyone all right? Okay, I'm sending in your models. Thank you. I think if there's enough time, I'm gonna try to make you a different skirt. Okay. Oh, my God. You guys. Oh, jeez. I think I brought it in from the workroom. All right, you guys, don't get crazy over there. I think it's gonna work. Let's go. Hurry. Hi. Superstar. I've got this crazy hat. And I love it. So I just want it to be--think, like, finger, a little messy. A little texture. Fantastic. Okay. If you could just stay true to the hat and just kind of hide the hair. So just really decompress the bun so it, like, almost disappears, right? Yes. In your language. Perfect. Yeah. Instead of a bun, you want a roll. Mm-hmm. I want a roll. You don't want princess Leia? I love exactly how he did it. It looks like soft, soft blush and then the light pink, baby neutral lip. Okay. Excellent. I would love to add this mustache on her with liquid eyeliner or something. 'Cause she's doing menswear today. Okay. All righty? Have a seat over here, handsome. I wanted to make sure that I did a dress that really complemented that hat, and, hopefully, the judges, they'll be impressed with that in such little time. I do not expect Michael c in the top. The dress that he made--every girl from Puerto Rico have the same dress in their closets. Decisions. Decisions. I feel confident going to the runway with my look. A lot of the girls like the shorts. Millana liked 'em. I thought they were cool, and it's trendy right now. Are you still using that butterfly bracelet? Yes, and I love that butterfly bracelet. Right, well, you better put it on there before I snag it. The concept of my dress is to really make certain that the dress and the orchid as a unit convey romance and love. I'm happy with mine. I'm totally loving it. I really like the styling. Really, really. I have gotten so many compliments on it. So many people have said, like, "Christopher, I think that you have a chance to get this one." I hope you win. I want to win. It looks really small in the waist. Yup. It's looking pretty tiny, and I thought, well, it may take a stick of butter, but I'm going to get this girl in this dress. Ouch. Ouch. Well, pin it there... I think it's nice that Philip treacy is there because he is so avant-garde and creative, and it's exciting to see what his opinion is. Who made this? Andy. Andy. It's clever to pick up the shimmer. Yeah. Rather than the color. Who made this? Casanova. Okay. Why on earth do you have a mustache? I'm a little worried about this thing, but it's okay. Yeah. When I put this look together, I decided to go with boots, 'cause I thought that kind of made her a little bit hipper. So when I styled her, it was like, oh, my God, she kind of looks like chic pirate a little bit. I am feeling nervous. My hands are shaking. I'm trying to keep it together. I'm doing self-affirmations like telling myself I can do it, I can do it. And it really, really needs to be perfect, so I'm just trying to sew as quickly as possible 'cause I'm not sending anything down the runway that's not executed well. All right. All right, designers and models, let's go down to the runway right now. Follow me, please. Peach. Coming! Ivy. Oh, sorry. That's it. That--what--blah! Huh. That was a first. Coming up on Project Runway... I think it looks like you didn't have a plan with this dress. I have to say I didn't respond well to it. May I see the back? Oh! No! ♪ Ba ba ba da da da ♪ ♪ ba da da da ♪ ♪ da da da da ♪ ♪ I've been ♪ ♪ kissed by a Rose ♪ ♪ on the Gray ♪ hello. Hi. Welcome to the runway. As you know, in fashion, one day you're in and the next day you're out. There are 13 of you here, and after tonight, there will be 12. Your challenge was to create a look inspired by and worthy to be worn with one of Philip treacy's amazing hats. I'm a longtime fan of his work, and today I'm also wearing one of his masterpieces. Okay, let's meet the judges. First we have top designer Michael kors... Hey, guys. Fashion director for Marie Claire magazine, Nina Garcia... Hi, everyone. And we're very excited to have famous hat designer Philip treacy. Hi. Well, we'll score your designs as they come down the runway. One of you will be named the winner, and one of you will be out. Okay, let's start the show. ♪ ♪ I'm thinking, oh, lord. Damn, well, that look good. And I think the combination between my dress and Philip treacy's hat is absolutely stunning. So elegant. So sophisticated. It looked awesome. I loved it. It looked amazing. I really like my outfit a lot. I'd definitely wear it. I pushed my bounds of what I am comfortable with. And I feel like I interpreted my hat in a manner that was true to my aesthetic and not just the hats. I love the way my garment looks on the runway because I love the way it flows, and I love the way that it's harmonious with the hat, with the orchid. She looks fabulous. It looks amazing. She looks like the sun. I love her. I can't even handle it. I'm really, really proud of myself. I'm very happy. Myself. I see Tina Marie come down the runway, and I really love it. And I think it looks very clean, very polished. It's got a little tinge of drama and a little tinge of sexiness and flirtiness, and I think it encompasses a lot of different things in one garment. It's very me. I couldn't be happier. Going down the runway, I feel really good about how my dress looks. I think that it looks fantastic. Totally different than what I normally do, but still completely me. And I feel good about this one. Watching Cassie come down the runway, I just feel like she just looks so expensive. I'm hoping the judges notice that and that they really are affected by it, because it's a strong look. And, at the same time, it's believable that somebody would actually wear this in their everyday life. I think I nailed it. I am so impressed with myself with the way that the outfit turned out that I can't help but get a little emotional, and ekaterina looked so gorgeous in it, and it looks like it was made for her. And it's like my baby. It was beautiful. I need to get over myself. As I'm watching my whole look go down the runway, it really does look like she's going to this futuristic resort. I'm happy with it, and I don't regret anything. I love it. It looks so elegant and, I think, so chic. And I think it worked so well with this hat. I think ify walked the daylights out of that hat and that dress. She did such a great job. And I think I can handle her now. When I saw my model on the runway, I just think, Casanova, you will be safe. Whatever, Donna karan 1980s, you will be safe. I worked so hard on completing a look and finishing it to my liking. But, you know, when I see it walking down the runway, I don't change anything in my head. It's exactly what I dreamt. If I call your name, please step forward. April. Michael drummond. Christopher. Michael costello, please step forward. Valerie. Kristin. If I have not called your name, congratulations. Your scores have qualified you to move on to the next challenge. You can leave the runway. Let's bring out your models. Oh, Christopher knocked it out of the park. Yeah, his looks great. So sophisticated, but still edgy and sexy. Totally. Like, I would wear that whole outfit on the streets. We haven't even talked about Michael c's. I think he's in the bottom. It was way too easy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I thought April was in the top. You don't think she's in the top? I think April's in the bottom. I think she's in the bottom. Her shorts didn't fit right. Valerie's in the bottom. But her mask and her dress don't have anything to do with each other. They have no relationship. She missed the boat. Michael drummond, tell us about your look. I was easily inspired by your art, so I was also inspired by architects. This reminded me of a warrior, and it also reminded me of a farmer a bit. And I don't mean that in a bad way. A warrior and a...? A farmer. Okay. Yeah, because I remember this sort of was to protect you from the sun. I kind of was inspired by the sun. It is a gold belt to sort of reflect the idea of the sun and light. I think you did a great job with this. I love the shoulders. I love that you made the material. You made the model look fantastic. And I think you really looked at the shape of the hat. Hats are part architecture, and you've managed to make an architectural outfit. So how did you do the skirt? I actually just made it a tube, and then I crinkled it and pressed it with an iron. I think it's really cool. I like how you manipulated the fabric. I like the texture on the skirt very, very much. I like the pleating. I like the detailing. And I like the silhouette. I really do think it works very well together. And the other thing that I found very interesting was the open back. Even from the back, it's just very dramatic, and it complements the hat beautifully. Kristin. I just looked at the lines of the orchid. But I decided to make the dress more architectural, so I just picked a nice solid black, but just had, you know, the pop-up color underneath, so that's the story really. An orchid is this incredibly beautiful and sexy flower. I look at what happened to the dress, and I see no correlation between the two other than the fact that we have pink accents. I think the black satin's definitely not working in your favor. Can I see the back of the dress? It just hangs around. Yeah, there's no harmony to the dress. Here you have a girl with an amazing body, and I don't know what it's doing for her body at all. I think it looks like you didn't have a plan with this dress. And the other thing is the matchy toenails and the flower shoe. I don't know why you would go so matchy-matchy and literal with this. Initially, I really liked the idea that you emulated the stripes of the hat on the back of the dress, but I think that the--I think it probably would have needed something more fragile. Kristin, you've been very quiet through all of this. I do disagree. I definitely did have a concept. I didn't want it to be, like, just tight and just where you see the waist. I wanted it to flow. And that was my intention. The dress that is up there is very contradicting. It's soft, but it's not. Right. You know, whereas had you gone maybe with a lighter fabric. It's not architectural. And it's not fluid either. Okay. Thank you. Christopher. I absolutely loved, loved my hat. I didn't use any other hard angles, because I felt like there were so many points here. So I wanted it to continuously flow. I was greatly inspired by the feeling of, like, parisian fashion. Of a delicate woman, but also a powerful woman. I have to say I didn't respond well to it. It's too dark. I would have liked to have seen some color in there. Something to make it a little happier. It seems sad to me. Okay. When I look at you trying to kind of edge her up with that black belt, with the black boot, and with that Gray satin legging, which is--I mean, even a model can't wear that legging. It kind of loses the whole idea of the hat. And then she has this coat made out of drapes. There's no romance here to me at all. It feels very stiff. It feels overly designed. I think it's fighting for the attention with the hat. The fabric that you chose is so heavy that you can't really appreciate the lightness, and that what's so fabulous about this hat. This needed something that... It makes her look, like, held down to the floor? Yes. Like, just heavy. She's sinking in. Rather than floating away. You know, simplicity can be beautiful rather than too complicated. Mm-hmm. I don't see the connection. There's nothing daywear about the hat. Right. Michael. When I look at the hat, it has a hardness to it, but also it has a playfulness to it when you look at the stem here. I notice that this movement was transitioned into my dress. And the fabrics to me were just so beautiful, and I thought that they just picked up the beautiful tones in the hat. I fell in love with it. I think it's just a fun little dress. This is what harmony looks like. It's not matchy-matchy. I love the idea that she's kind of, you know, goddess of the Sea without being a costume. Can we see the back? It looks effortless. You know, when you wear something that's draped and asymmetrical like this, that's what you want. I knew right then and there. I put it on the dress form, and it just had this flow to it that was just so inspiring. And I was like, "ah, this works with my hat." The color of the hat and the color of the dress are perfect. I love that you picked a nude shoe, almost to, you know, make it disappear. It's really not about anything but... The dress and the hat. It is a great dress with the hat, but I also think it is a beautiful dress on its own. And I think it was really clever of you to use the iridescence of the hat as the coloring, and I think you've done an exceptional job with this. Thank you. April, tell us about your look. My sole inspiration was the hat. I liked how it had a very kind of futuristic beach whimsical look to it. So I played with the lines by doing different textures of black and then just a pop of pink to kind of bring it together. When I look at the vibe of this, I think you picked the right category but the execution and the actual pieces... First off, I think it's very literal. When I look at this kind of triple-panty--I mean, and the panty is ill-fitting. I guess if you're going for a three-day weekend, it looks like you layered your underpants for the weekend, and each day you kind of unpeeled and you had a new panty. Can I see the back? Oh! No! I don't want to know why her panty has a big black zipper in the back. I don't mind the top. I think it's aually really beautiful. But I feel like you ran out of time or you ran out of ideas. You sold it short. Literally. Yeah, I didn't want to overpower the hat, a I think that's where I kind of got in my dilemma. This kind of hat, you could have gone a lot further and made a fantastic volume, but also the whole outfit, it's just--it's a little bit weak. Okay. Valerie, tell us about your look. I didn't want it to be too literal. Nor did I want it to be too costume-y. So I chose to use this scoop neckline here, and then the jacket, I wanted to show a little bit of mix of hard and soft. When she takes the jacket off, I feel like it's a very modern take on the scoop, edwardian-style reference. You know, especially with the back. You know, the racerback is very clean, it's very sexy, and then the zipper is just very consistent with the mask. I think it's--it's beautiful. It's actually one of my favorites, because it is soft, but still hard and sexy at the same time. I do love the white little jacket. I like that it has a zipper in the back. And it looks rlly well-made. I like the idea that you have this kind of handkerchief, Stevie nicks kind of hem, but it's actually very geometric and neat. You know, I think it's nice that it's not expected. Right, well, and I figured because the lace was so intricate, to do a lace dress or do something with lots of cutouts would be counterproductive. There's something very mischievous and coquettish about the mask that translatesnto the spirit of your dress. You know, the construction of your jacket and the pattern cutting and how you've made it, it's beautiful. But I really don't understand how--personally, I don't understand where it's coming from. Right. I had thought about an evening dress, but I felt an evening dress would be expected. So kind of wanted to do something a little off-the-cuff and a little more modernized and a little more me. Okay. Okay, we've heard what you had to say. We're gonna have a little chat. And then we'll bring you back out. You can leave the runway. Hi. So they loved yours, Michael? They absolutely loved it. The first word that Michael kors said was "harmonious." They all said so much good stuff, I forgot what it was. They didn't say anything bad about it. They just really loved it. They said that the execution was great. Not only does it complement the hat, but even without the hat, someone would look great in it. It feels good. It really feels good to be down there and finally get my crique from them. They didn't like yours? They didn't like yours? No. Christopher, they didn't like yours? None of 'em liked it. They were like--heidi was like, "it makes me feel sad." And they didn't really like the styling. They didn't like the boots. I was really shocked. It's intense being up there, man. Second time in the bottom. How did you articulate? I went towards resort wear, because that's what the hat reminded me of. Don't get teary-eyed. Oh, . What the . It's okay to cry. It's really fine. Well, it's just--it's just-- the thing that upsets me is that I thought that--I was really confident with it, you know. I just felt like it was so me. So that's why I was rely confident. But, yeah, it is what it is. It sucks. Let's talk about the designers that we didn't like so much. Let's talk about Christopher. There was no sense of fragility to what he did at all. In fact, she looked very heavy and leaden. I really think that Christopher thought that this look was really edgy. It looked dated. It looked stiff. It was overly designed. Yeah. And bad taste. Also the girl is possibly the most beautiful, stunning girl, and it made her less beautiful. If there's any plus, there was form to that jacket-vest, whatever you want to call it, but I think if you would have seen that vest worn with something ethereal, without the belt, with something light, I think you would have had something there. Okay, let's talk about Kristin. The design itself, the color, and then the actual fabric and how to execute it, it never came together at all. It looks like she had no plan. The hat looks summery. It looks happy. And the fabric does not look happy. And just because it has strong pink in it doesn't make it happier. This was not joyous. Any positives? Yeah, I think she has some-- brings a different element. She has a talent for her aesthetic. Okay, let's talk about April. She's got the triple-panty problem, which I think the idea is ridiculous, quite frankly. But the jacket I didn't think was that bad. Potentially, if it was all made perfectly, potentially, it's fine, but it is their moment to shine rather than blend. There's something not working. I have to say the only thing that I like about April is she made a top and pants. Even though it didn't work. But she di't go for the little dress. You know, which is more of a safe thing. Okay, let's talk about the designs that we did like. Let's talk about Michael c. There's something very effortless about Michael c's design. You know, the colors, the pulling in that shimmer from the hat, the color of her hair, lipstick, just was really perfect. I think so too. I think Michael c really managed to pull the whole thing together without it matching. I think in mood, in texture, in color... That is the most cohesive. Yes. You know, I mean, it all kind of converged and worked. We also liked Valerie's dress. There's nothing offensive about it. But it's not the most stylish of combinations, personally. We liked it, didn't we? I liked it. I liked the bolero. I think it gave it a little pop of happiness, because it is quite severe. And it's flirty, but it's still a little hard and cool on the top with the white. You know, I actually liked the fact that it looked polished, it looked well-made, it looked well-tailored. It was well-made, and it was well-constructed. I think in this instance I'm happy that she didn't do a black chiffon and lace gown. Yes. Let's talk about Michael drummond. I really love the top. There's something very simple but complicated. The color of that skirt, it's lovely. It's different. It has an originality that I haven't seen everywhere. And how he used the materials and made the fabrications in a day, it's impressive. He definitely played with a lot of different volumes and with different textures. I think that the pleating that he did on the orange skirt, not only did it give you texture and dimension, it also did something great for her body. He's obviously talented. So we've made our decision? Yeah. Okay, let's bring them back out. The six of you had the highest and the lowest scores. One of you will be named the winner, and one of you will be out. One of you ll be named the winner, and one of you will be out. Valerie, you're in. You can leave the runway. Thank you. Thank you very much. Michael costello... You picked the perfect silhouette and material, which made the dress look impeccable and effortless. Michael drummond, your look was gorgeous. It was sophisticated, sharp, and architectural. Michael costello... Congratulations, you are the winner of this challenge. Really? Thank you so much. Thank you. You will also have immunity for the next challenge. You can leave the runway. Thank you. I cried, and I could cry right now, I'm so--you have no idea. I felt like I won the whole season. Hi. Is it you? I won. Yay. I almost cried, I was so excited. What the ? Oh, my God, I said it. What a feeling. Winning this challenge, I think it validates me here to the other designers, and they see Michael is capable of, you know, making a dress. I bust out a whole collection in a half a day. Right. I feel like he is a replicator. He's not a visionary. I want to celebrate. I want to go out tonight. Like, really, Michael c on the top and winning? And me and Gretchen not even being on there? Seriously. Seriously. Michael drummond, you're in. You can leave the runway. Christopher. You're in. You can leave the runway. Thank you. Ya--yay? They can't send you home. You're too fabulous. Yeah, there was no way you were going home for that beautiful outfit. No way. And you're such a handsome boy. Don't use taffeta. We were shocked, 'cause when you were out there, we're all in here going, "you were in the top with these guys." Oh, no. No, no, no. I was not in the top. Kristin... April... One of you will be out. Kristin, you had one of the most fantastic hats to work with. And your mostly black dress was disappointing. It was not complementary to the joyful spirit of the hat. Also the fit was unflattering. April, your look confused us. The triple-panty was completely unflattering and too matchy-matchy to your hat. You had a wow hat to work with. And you gave us a blah outfit. Kristin... I'm sorry. You're out. April, that means you're in. You can leave the runway. Thank you. That's a smile. That's a smile. Are you in? Are you in? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I'm not ready to lose you yet, baby. I'm wearing this tonight then. Oh, gosh, that's gonna be... You and I... Bottom two twice. We cannot... We cannot... Alejandro, no more. >>Auf wiedersehen. All the best to you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thanks, Michael. I'm sad that I have to leave, but I'm so happy to really get back to the real world. Yeah, I'm relieved. I'm relieved--I'm relieved to-- it was my time to go. Don't look like that. Well, sit down. Sit down. No, but it was really great, you know, just meeting you all. I think you all are so talented. And I'm so happy for you. Thank you, babe. I'm really happy for you. Thank you, babe. Hi. Hi, Tim. Tim! How are you doing? Kristin. Oh, Tim. Mwah. So I have to send you to the workroom. Yes. To clean up your space. Yes. Okay? Bye, Kristin. Bye, Kristin. Bye, honey. This was a great experience, and I'm really happy that I got to be on here. And I'm very confident in my own abilities. You know, it's not the end for me. I mean, this is just the beginning. That was the worst day of my life. That was the worst day of my entire life. If I'm in the bottom one more time, I'm seriously gonna seam-rip my Face off. Yay. Wait a second, we got to talk about the winner here. Michael c? I was so Surprised. I thought he was in the bottom. I saw his dress. It was like a total mermaid thing. It was hideous. I saw it. He asked me my opinion. It looked like mae West. Congratulations on your win. I know. Shocking. But well-deserved. It was two handkerchiefs ruched on a piece of cord and wrapped around. Philip treacy loved my dress. That's so awesome. I just don't like Michael costello's aesthetic. Now we're gonna have to hear about it for days. This apartment needs three damn winners, okay? Deal. Next time on Project Runway... For this challenge, you will be working in two teams of six. All those egos over there just gonna be buttin' heads. This is gonna be gathered. I'm lost. Come on, man. , I'm Tired. Tell us what you want to do, and then we'll figure out how it all works no, that's not how a team challenge works. It has no design. The colors are ghastly. who is the weakest designer in your group? Someone's going down. That's the truth. -- Sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 