Project Runway: Season 8, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Project Runway 
 s8e13 - Finale Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Project Runway (2004–…): Season 8, Episode 13 - Finale Part 1 - full transcript 
 Competition reality series, where each week budding fashion designers face challenges and elimination as they compete for cash and prizes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Project Runway... Designers, Mayor Bloomberg! For your final challenge, you get to draw inspiration from New York City itself. This challenge determines who among you will go on to New York Fashion Week. This final challenge can make or break me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is it. I feel like I'm ready. ♪ ♪ Michael, congratulations. You'll be coming back to New York! Mondo, you're in. Thank you so much. Andy, you're in. Thank you. Oh, my God! April, I'm sorry, you're out. Gretchen, you're in. Thank you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's not over yet, 'cause you're all competing for three spaces. This is Project Runway. The winner of Project Runway will receive $100,000 from L'Oreal Paris to start their own line, a fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine, a $50,000 technology suite from HP and Intel to create their vision and run their business, and the opportunity to design and sell an exclusive collection on piperlime.com. The model paired with the winner of Project Runway will receive a fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine, and $25,000 from L'Oreal Paris Studio Secrets Professional. Project Runway 8x13 Finale, Part 1 Original Air Date on October 21, 2010 -- sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- Hello. Hi. Congratulations, everybody. Thank you. The Final Four. Each of you will be designing a collection... But only three of you will be showing at New York Fashion Week. We wanna see more from you before we make our final decision. I'm gonna give each of you $9,000 in the next six weeks to create a ten-piece collection to show at Lincoln Center. And now let's bring someone out that is very near and dear to you all. You knew it would be me. Designers, I really don't have the adequate words to express how proud I am of you and, before you know it, you're going to hear a knock, knock, knock on your door. It will be me coming to check up on the development of your collection. Work hard, wow us... Mm-Hmm. And I'll see you back here in New York. Bye, everybody. Bye. It's not over. Knowing I have to go home and bust ass for six weeks to come back to see if I can show at Fashion Week is... Tough. At the beginning of this whole journey, I was kinda feeling like the odd man out. But I know that there's a bigger plan for me. This is my dream, and it's gonna come true, one way or another. I know in my heart that I have the talent to be at Fashion Week. I feel like...I can do it. Say good-bye to our original home. I've got some beaches to go to. Every second that goes by, it's still in my head--I'm making a Fashion Week collection. I don't wanna say that I'm gonna have the last laugh, but... I know that I can go home and turn out a collection that still is very me but will surprise these judges. And that's what's gonna get me to Fashion Week. I'm off to check in with our four finalists and see the progress of their collections. This is vast. It's a huge piece of property. First up is Andy South on the island of Oahu in Hawaii. There's coconut trees. There's sugar cane growing. You can actually just hack it with a machete and just like.. And do you? Yeah. The fact that time has come to Hawaii is exciting. I'm in touch with my roots here. I can understand that. I mean, literally and metaphorically. My family was first-generation immigrants from Laos, and I definitely didn't have a normal childhood. I had chores that no one else had. I had to go home and work the land and feed the fish. This is what I grew up doing is raising catfish. These are fish tanks? Yes. Oh, my goodness! So these are Chinese catfish. They look kind of eel-like. Yeah, they're-- aah! Stand back. I would have you hold them, but their side fins have a bone-- no, I--this is close enough. They have whiskers, and they also look like Chinese men. Ooh! Right? I've never seen a Chinese man look that unattractive. The world that I come from is different from everyone else, and I'm happy that I can say that. Hi, mom. Nora, I'm so thrilled to see you again! Welcome to Hawaii. Thank you. This is Jill, a very, very good friend of mine. How are you? Nice to meet you too. Nora, this food smells wonderful! My largest supporter is definitely my mother. Be careful. And sometimes she leaves me breathless with the amount of sacrifice that she's willing to do for me. So Nora, I have to ask you, raising children in this wonderful way--it's so much about nature and the land and... You have a son who's a Fashion Designer! Yes. Are you surprised by that? Whatever they want to do, I support them. I don't stop them. Every immigrant family dreams of a better life for their child and...This is kind of what for me... For me, the toughest thing would be to not let my mom see that. Okay. There we go. How artfully you did that! It is perfect. And I think the reason why I love going back to the farm is because it reminds me of the struggle that it's taken, and it reminds me of the hard work that pays off in the end. All right, let's eat. Yes! The critique today with Tim-- I'm worried, 'cause I'm still in the beginning stages of my collection. But then again, I only have two weeks left. Here we are. This is... Huge! Yeah. This is wonderful, Andy. This is my inspiration wall. The first image that I pulled was a picture of the Buddha Park in Viang Chan, Laos. I pulled a picture of my grandfather, who was an elephant herder. Wow! I've always wanted to do a collection that was inspired by home. Are you using any Laotian textiles? I am, I'm using fabric that was hand-woven in Laos. I literally got my last package yesterday. So it's all here. It's all finally here. I've had the past three weeks to wait for my textiles to come in. I sourced metals from Laos as well. I've been thinking about this concept and adding ideas and adding so many things. My first headpiece that I thought of was as if her tears were floating away from her. But...I don't know what the clothing looks like. Given the time between now and New York Fashion Week, you better have apparel. Who's gonna care about the headpieces? Mm-Hmm. And I understand what's been holding you back. It's been the arrival of these. But now that they're here, you've gotta go, go, go. So I have some sketches. This will be a simple cocktail dress. That's a romper. This is also a romper. All the different tiers would be different fabrics. Is this...Strange to you? Individually, there's nothing here that doesn't make me swoon. But mix them up in a bowl... And put them on a plate, you could have a really, truly hot mess. I'm unsure about the clothing. It's not easy. Go figure. Andy is down to the wire. I'll see you in a mere two weeks. Hopefully I figure this out by then. Two weeks for ten looks. Bye, Andy. Bye! That really scares me. Proceed about one mile. Next, I'm off to see Michael Costello in palm Springs, California. How are we packing the shoes? Um...Good question. I'm really excited. Just to have Tim coming over to your house is pretty damn cool. Michael! Hi! How are ya? I'm thrilled to see you. And I'm thrilled to be in air conditioning. It's so hot! This is Richard. Hi, Richard how are you? Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. Richard's helping me pack for the big day. Don't pack anything until I leave. Okay. 'Cause I wanna see all the accessories. Okay. Michael... You've made an incredible amount of work. Yeah. I took inspiration from the sky, and I just fell in love with the colors. All right, well, what about the inspiration for your silhouettes, for your styles? That came from feathers. All right. I love the movement of feathers. One of the first dresses that I did, I dyed them. I was expecting them a little darker. But it's a beautiful color. Yeah. This is a fringe top that's just, you know, being held together... I'll say. By what? By like just glue until it gets stitched. It's a lot of pressure. So that's worn with these. You have to present ten amazing pieces. I'm gonna push myself. I'll make 150 pieces if I can. Here alone, you have 12 looks. True. And then we have the reject rack... The reject rack. Which has, what, six looks on it? So we have 18 looks? It's like design diarrhea! And it's just... That's hilarious. Stop designing. That's my advice to you. Because it's a distraction from some of the needs of these other looks. Okay. You've gotta bring some editing to this, all right? So let's go get some air. Guess who's here. Giovanni's here. He can't wait to see you. Oh, I can't wait to see Giovanni! Maybe I did make too many pieces. But it's come down to the time where I need to figure out what can I commit to, because I do have that problem. Giovanni! I haven't seen you since new York! How are you? Say hi. Good! So who's coming to New York for Fashion Week? Richard. I am. Giovanni? Giovanni's gonna be in school with my mom. Sad about it, but... Well, Richard will be there for you. I don't think his parents should be there. Oh? His parents haven't been the supporter. They just started being the supporter since he got on the show. For the past four years, it's been... Them telling him he needs to give it up, you're not talented, it's hard. It really is. They always have wanted the best for me, but with their rules and regulations, you know? Like, in order for them to help me, you know, I have to be married, I have to-- to a woman. Yeah. I didn't want that. Well, it's not who you are. On February 28, 2007, Richard outed me to my mom and dad. I was terrified. My mom and dad, they did give up on me for a little bit. You know, this is a big thing for Michael. To make it this far for him is amazing. Yes. Winning would be so amazing. Proving to my family that I can do it and be the best. But I am proud of myself, coming as far as I've come. This was a great visit. You're in great shape. Bring that critical eye to everything. Okay. I'm still nervous, though. Coming up on Project Runway... You were trying too hard. I don't feel like I'm trying too hard. It says teen's pajamas to me. It's the best of times and the worst of times. I'm broke and busted. I've had everything crumble around me. Next, I'm off to see Mondo Guerra in Denver, Colorado. Oh, lord. Mondo! Tim. Hi. This is it. Good to see you. Welcome to Denver. One day you're in and probably for the next few years you're gonna be out, so... I don't wanna-- I don't wanna "f" it up. What a great space! I kind of wanted to stay true to...My upbringing and being in the neighborhood. This is such a Mexican part of Denver. So I started, um, like looking at vintage circuses in Mexico City. I wanted something a little gritty. Okay. Kinda creepy. So then I started getting into the day ofhe dead. Is it one or the other? Or is it a marriage? It's a marriage. It's a marriage. As you can see, all my fabrics are all these neutrals. I'm just really inspired by all the shapes. I mean, I love shapes. And what are the screens for? I'm gonna silkscreen a t-shirt dress. Well, this is the marriage of day of the dead with the clowns. Yeah. I'm intrigued. For my final collection, it's still Mondo, but it's like polished. This is leather.. All right. That I've painted. I love the waistband as well. Thank you. This one is just a little jumper. You know, when I was looking at the circus, a lot of the trapeze artists wear those harnesses, you know? Mm-Hmm. Interesting. This is a long dress. I'm not known for evening. No, you're not, but this is really fabulous! Thank you. However, I wanna hear about that pink piece. Pink thing? I know. Ben is worried about it too. And I-I like it. I think it's fun. The word I would use is jejune. Childlike. It says teen's pajamas to me. I don't want anything to have a feeling that you were trying too hard. I don't feel like I'm trying too hard. I feel like this is my chance, you know, and even if I don't make it to the top three, I want to show them exactly who I am. Oh, man, I am so, so, so, so... So close, like I can taste it. I'm so proud of you! This is my dream. And welcome. Oh, thank you, gerri. Welcome. Welcome. So how are you all feeling about what's happening to Mondo? Pretty amazing. Excited to see it. Aw! I know Mondo growing up wasn't your traditional child. I tried. Oh, no! What does that mean, gerri? I tried everything to get him to be...More like, uh... Macho guy. Macho. Yeah. But no, he hated it. I kind of liked him to maybe play ball or whatever, you know, too, but... To each his own, you know? That's the way the world turns. But that's okay. We're kindred spirits. I was always the last kid picked on the baseball game or the softball team, all those things. It was horrible. The deal was that I could play the piano if I played baseball. So I had to play the baseball in order to take piano lessons. It was like extortion that way. A little bit. I was absolutely terrible as a shortstop, but I was really, really good at... Playing the piano. Growing up in a Mexican Catholic family, they have different expectations of what you should be doing. But I'm happy. You might doubt that you're cool because you draw or you paint and you're not outside playing baseball, you know? You are cool. Beautiful. It just might take a little while. Finally, I'm off to see Gretchen Jones in Portland, Oregon. Thank you for...Coming and helping me, mom. Well, I just can't believe we are having to be creative and move and... I know. And ship. I would have not expected this to...Have all happened the way it has. Coming off of Project Runway, i came home to a relationship that had failed, to an empty bank account, to an empty house. Well, it's the best of times and the worst of times, my darling. I'm broke and busted and have put everything into my dreams. Aw! How sweet that is. It feels a little embarrassing to have Tim come under these circumstances. But I also feel really proud of what I've created, and I'm really excited to show him. So in the midst of having to come home and create a collection and still compete for Fashion Week, I've had everything crumble around me. I was in a very intense relationship that--and when it was over, very abruptly, it devastated me too. I would never have moved to New York. That's how I feel! I would never have left Washington. I'm not gonna win big unless i risk big, and that was a gift. I totally agree. We don't know where this path will lead you. I really missed Tim. One last gulp of coffee. Okay. I'm in a very raw state right now. But if I had to share it with anyone, it would be him. The collection is really based on taking my rural Western roots and then dabbling with cultures from around the world that are also rural. What I wanted to do was play with safari or tribal things in a way that's very sophisticated. I'm doing some risky things. I'm doing leather in spring. I'm doing knitwear. What is it? It is a silk bloomer. This will be dyed green, and it's pairing with this jacket. You know what I'm gonna say about this in its current condition. Diaper. That's it! It's purely 'cause it's natural. Okay. This piece is backless, and this is kind of based off of Aztec lines. It's looking costumey. All she needs is a lot of turquoise jewelry and a headband. Right. You know? Reconceive! I'm moving into a different era and chapter, and I need to incorporate that into this line and make sure that it's authentic to where I'm going and not where I've been. And it's a matter of taste. Yes. You're not gonna be neutral. You're gonna love it or you're gonna hate it, but that's what you want. You want it to be a bit of... What is that? All right? Okay. I have no idea what anybody else is making. But I think what I'm making is worthy of a win. How beautiful this is! So Kate, where did all this come from? You know, I don't know, but from a very young age, if her tights weren't perfect, we did not go to preschool. You are a control freak. Mm-Hmm. Yes. Yes. The first part of the challenge is recognizing it. Part of this experience is being vulnerable, and... Being humbled in ways that your friends rarely tell you how you really are. So this has been...An invaluable experience. To your continued success! Absolutely. As well as one of the hardest things I've ever done in my life. Coming up on Project Runway... What do you think? It's always going to be evil, no matter what's in it. You know what this is? What? This looks like . This Jersey dress looked like crap. I feel like this is the end. Man, I'm back in New York and we're staying at the Hilton. It's a beautiful suite. I'm gonna take the big room. I don't think I've ever slept in a bed that big. I'm more scared than excited about being back in New York. It's still not down to the final three yet. Hello! Michael! Did I scare you? Gosh! God, that was awful. How are you doing? It was supposed to scare you your pants scare me. Andy. Last of the Mohicans. I'm in love with Andy's hair. "Unbeweaveable." "Unbeweaveable." He looks like Pocahontas meets Naomi Campbell. Gretchen! Hi! Walking into the Hilton suite is kind of overwhelming. I just missed everybody. They're my boys. Hi! This is what happens when you leave your door unlocked. Well, first of all, welcome to Mercedes Benz Fashion Week and to the Hilton New York. Isn't this fabulous? Yes! I may move in with you. You can. And... It's in his hand. Oh, lord. What do you think? I don't know. My gut initial reaction when I see that bag is like, "oh, God, it's always going to be evil, no matter what's in it." You know what this is? The Hilton is giving each of you something fabulous. Oh, God! Your choice of a resort vacation, either in the Hilton Barbados... What? "The Hilton Papagayo Costa Rica Resort and Spa," or, Andy, "the Hilton hawaiian Village Beach Resort." Oh, my God! It's a trip for two. So you can take me. Oh! Finally, something good came out of the button bag. Have a good night's sleep tonight because beginning tomorrow, it's gonna be a long haul to our finale show. Extremely proud of all of you, and I'll see you in the morning. Thank you so much, Tim. Bye, everyone! See ya tomorrow. Wow! This is pretty. There's a lot on my mind right now...The pressure of having this chance to really fight for this last spot. Trying to make a cohesive collection's hard, and there's a story behind every single piece. The judges love Michael Costello and his effortless dress. But come on, how effortless can a gown be when you put 20,000 ruffles on it? Good morning, Designers. Welcome to the piperlime work space at the 1407 Broadway building. As you all know, four of you will be competing for three spaces at the Mercedes Benz Fashion Week. And in order to determine which three of the four of you will move forward, you will be presenting three looks to the judges. Two of those looks will come from your collection. One look you will design and create over the next two days. I knew that the bomb was gonna drop. Use this additional look to enhance the current collection. I'm giving you 30 minutes to sketch, then we're going to Mood where you'll have a budget of $300. All right, I'll be back in 30 minutes, everyone. Thank you! What I'm looking for in this third piece is to create maybe a little bit more casual dress in comparison to how sophisticated some of my other looks are. I still feel like my collection needs something a little special. I need a little bit more wow. I want my collection to be cohesive, and I can't think of what else I want to show. Ehh! I came up with this design of a one-sided shoulder dress. That's purdy. I wanted something that could have that effortless thing that I so love to do. Are you doing all right? Uh...I'm fine. I just-- you seem disabled. I just don't know what other silhouette to introduce. Stick with what's at the core of the collection and do a riff on something you already have. All right. Okay. Good. I'm gonna look for fabrics that's gonna be able to blend into this collection. The thing is I don't know if I can even match this green, 'cause it's a really hard green to match. All right, everyone, time is up! Thank you, mood! I'm creating a Jersey dress. I think it's gonna look clean and chic but really kind of funky. I've decided I'm just gonna go with my original fabric, an all-green look. The pleats that I'm doing are really detailed, and it gives you a lot of depth to a fabric that already has a lot of depth. I kind of feel like I'm falling apart. How long have we been here? Is it fall-apart hour yet? God, this looks like . I'm working on this Jersey dress. I just want it to look fluid and have a nice flow. But I thought it looked like crap. I don't even know if I like it anymore. I'm wondering if I should just scrap it and start all over. I've wasted yet another day on a two-day challenge. I don't want to...Be sent home over a Jersey dress. All right, guys, let's head back to the Hilton. Last one there is a lousy Designer! I just keep on thinking about how hard I've worked to get here, and it's scary. I feel like this is the end. Coming up on Project Runway... I'm worried about you. I'm worried about me too. Mondo, Gretchen, and Andy... Don't choke! Designers and models, we're going to the Runway. I have to be ther this is my dream. Designers, how is everybody? Hey, Tim. Good. I think we're good. All right, I'm here to check in with you and see how you're doing. What are you showing this with? Which two looks in the collection are going to be presented to the judges? That's what I'm having a hard time with. You don't know? I--no, I kinda know. What are they? I want to see. I was thinking this one... I-I don't know. The whole idea of extracting two looks from it to show with this look shouldn't be...That big a challenge for you. I'm worried about you. I'm worried about me too. I'll--I'll--I'll come together. I-it's normally like last... Hour or two, something... That's not good! I know, I know. Having Tim worry about me scares me. His opinion means a lot to me. A whole lot to me. I needed a youthful, playful dress. You have it. Yeah. It's definitely cohesive. Yeah. I mean, to be blunt, I think you could pick pieces at random from the rack and have continuity. Well, that makes me feel better. The bag that I'm working on, it's gonna be kind of a, you know, a summer catch-all that will gather. Okay. So that's where I'm at. Okay. I feel good leaving you. Great. Thank you very much. Good. Thank you, Gretchen. Have a good day. You too. I will now! Well, Mondo wouldn't be Mondo without being surrounded by flotsam and jetsam. Hi. This is the pit. This is my area. How are you doing? This is my first thing. I was creating this dress, and then it started looking way too junior to me. Yep. I'm with ya. And I was like...I scrapped it. Then I did this little skirt. This is you. Yeah. I wanted to bring in more color into the collection, so I did this turquoise top with the pink. And then I did the square pyramid studs just to contrast against the polka dot. Mwndo's totally looks like Mondo, but then it also looks a little subdued for Mondo. I was kind of expecting a little bit more...Pomp and circumstance? Love the look. Thanks, Mondo. Thank you. So how's Andy? I'm good. Pretty good. So which is the new look? The new look is this green piece. Wow! I went into this thinking that my collection needed one more like...More of a wow piece. Who did the pleating? I did. How? In this...Little teeny bit of time? I'm a fast worker. I have a pleating board, actually. Well, you are a fast worker, because I'm looking at what's on the rack... Yeah. There's a lot of pieces. And considering...Where you were when I left you... Mm-Hmm. I was--I'd been worried... I would be worried too. Andy's collection...To me, it looks very two-dimensional. I don't feel like there's a lot of texture. It almost looks really flat to me. I think you're in superb shape. That makes me feel a lot better. Well, you should. Okay. All right, thank you, Andy. Thank you, Tim. All right, Designers, I have the following to say to Mondo and Gretchen and Andy. Carry on. Continue this fabulous trajectory, okay? Michael Costello... Don't choke! Okay? Okay. I won't. All right, bye, everybody. I'll see you later. Thank you. Bye, Tim. It does stress me out a bit to hear that Tim told me not to choke. I can't say a bit. It stresses me out a lot. Worried? Yeah. Kind of. I just think that you should do exactly what you feel. I'm gonna have my "make it work" moment. It'll happen. It'll be okay. Okay, let's go, ladies. I'm kinda scrambled right now 'cause I seriously don't even know what pieces to show them that I have the range, I have what it takes. Good morning, Designers. Today will determine which three of the four of you will move forward to Mercedes Benz Fashion Week. You have two hours to send your models to the L'Oreal Paris makeup room and the garnier hair salon and to fit them, okay? If you choose to use the piperlime accessory wall, you certainly may. And then we're going off to our Runway show at parsons the new school for design. And I'm sending in your models! Thank you! Thank you. Take your shoes off. We're gonna start putting everything together. All in all, I'm really happy and looking forward to seeing the stuff on models. Cute. I'm falling back in love with this collection, you know. I think I was kind of nervous because I was just seeing my collection on hangers. But now that I'm seeing everything come together the way that I intended it to, it's looking really good. Basically I want a little bit of like shine just to create that really ethereal type of look. Center part, kind of barrel rolled out a little bit. I want my girls to look really accessible, and I want to picture myself as those girls. These just go right into the front. Severe smoky eye. Like a panda eye. Yep. A really pretty peachy coral lip. A little gold shimmer through the lid. I'm nervous--can you tell? A little bit? All right. All right. All right. Okay, go back to sewing. All right, bye, guys. Designers and models... In ten minutes, we're going to the Runway, all right? Ten minutes, everyone. Thank you! Thanks, Tim. Hold on. Okay, yeah. This side or that side? I want to go to Lincoln Center. I wanna show at Fashion Week. This is like my moment, you know? I try to live day by day and look forward to the future. And you know what? This is my future. I have to be there. I want you guys to line up there. I can't screw this up. There are people who have believed in me from the beginning, and this is kind of my way of showing them that... They were right. It's all or nothing. I've given up everything. I have nowhere to live. I don't know what I'm gonna do. All I do know is that this is my dream. It's really my dream. Guys, you look amazing. This is what I've always wanted. I'm so close! I've worked so damn hard on that collection, I'm terrified. Coming up on Project Runway... My interest was not piqued. I just hope that the circus doesn't come to town. You have to pump up the volume. You might be out today. That's a real big gamble. Hello, everybody. Hi. Welcome back to New York and welcome back to the Runway. Tonight will decide which three of you will compete at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week...And which one of you will be out. Tonight you will show us two looks that you feel best represent your collection and a brand-new look... That we had you create when you arrived here in New York. Let's say hello to the judges. First we have cfda lifetime achievement award winner Michael Kors. Hey, guys. Hi. And Fashion director for Marie Claire magazine, Nina Garcia. Welcome back. Thanks. Thank you. All right, let's start the show. I set out to show the judges a certain side of me, and I feel like I accomplished that. I wanted to do something that's very me but a lighter version to really show that there's a maturity of editing that I've learned. That has such pretty movement. I'm really in love with my 11th look. I just absolutely think it's a great piece, and I think it's perfect to fit into my collection. I'm not gonna say I don't love my collection, because I'd be lying. I love every single piece. It looks like chocolate. Everything just needs to look flawless because it's Lincoln Center, and the judges wanna send people who are worthy. Everyone's expecting for me to just send 20 dresses down a Runway but there's pants, there's some separates, there's some tops, and I do think that I have the potential to win this. Bow-chica-bow-bow! I like my looks. I think they're pretty. I feel like it represented my favorite look and a little bit of drama while trying to incorporate hats and jewelry and accessories and street and a little bit of magical drama. I just wanna get through. I just wanna make it to Fashion Week. I'm feeling really good watching my girls walk down the Runway. I love that bag. My mini-collection looks very cohesive, and it looks just like that. It looks exactly like Mondo. And I wouldn't change a thing from head to toe. I think that it is 100% who I am and, you know, they might like it, they might not. But I'm ecstatic. Mondo, Andy, Michael, Gretchen... Three of you will be competing at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week... And one of you will be out. ♪ ♪ Three of you will be competing at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week...And one of you will be out. Mondo, we're gonna speak to you first. Let's bring out your models. How do these three looks represent your collection? It's a little of everything. You know I love to mix prints, and for this collection, I did a lot of screen printing, which I introduced with the bag that Eyen's holding. Oh, you know, and I deferred a lot from color. For this one, I wanted to keep it a little clean with a more neutral kind of palette. And so with all my accessories, I've done a lot of color. Which of these three looks is your new look? Ify's wearing my creation I did this week. I love the skirt on the new outfit, and I like the blouse on that outfit. I like the individual pieces. People can do their own thing with it. I think that's a plus. I do like the skirt a lot with the little yellow belt. But I do not like this turquoise top. I love this dress. Okay. I think it's spectacular. Will you give us a once around? I think it's so nice. I think it's actually very elegant, even though the polka dots could be very out there. But I think she looks stunning. Thank you. I love the boldness. I love the theatricality that you bring to a show. Having said that, I disagree with Heidi on this polka dot dress. I think it's walking a fine line. When it gets too wacky, that's what I'm worried about. I don't want people to not take you seriously and think that you're putting on a circus collection. You've gotta temper it with clothes that--that speak to an audience. You do have to say to yourself, "wait a second. I am working with this over-the-top polka-dot print." And the dress has long sleeves, so there's no skin to break it up. And she's got the cupcake hat on and she's got a lot of stuff goin' on. I think the reality is you wanna be true to yourself as a Designer but... I hope there's some balance. Okay. There are some pieces that I think you might be surprised to see. Surprise is what we're looking for, guys. Yep. Thank you, Mondo. Models, you can leave the Runway. Andy. I was really inspired by the Buddha Park in Viang Chan, Laos. I really wanted to play on this idea of the structure and the hardness of these statues and the shapes. A lot of the textile was woven for me in Laos and Thailand. Will you tell us which one is your new look? My new look is this green. That's surprising. I actually thought it was the bikini. I agree--the swimsuit. I think the green is sophisticated. I love the color, and I think it looks really well-made. You pleated all the shantung? I did. Wow. That's a lotta work. That is a lot of work. This green dress sings. It's sharp but romantic. The color's great. My concern with you, Andy, is it looks very bare. Is there a range? There is, there's definitely a range in the collection. I am not convinced, to be honest with you, from what I see here. I see two evening looks and then a bathing suit that's supposed to give me the impression that you have had some range here. There's a transition, definitely, and maybe I missed the mark with not showing you a more casual look. But I saw this look as more of a classy date look. Because I have a range in my collection that I know-- I didn't show you, obviously. Right, but you might be out today. That's a real big gamble. I--my dilemma with making the choice was, like, do I give you all the goodies now or do I... Well, yeah. Today is the day. This is it! I guess my thought behind it was to keep you interested. What happens is, if it's all short, decorated clothes... They start to all look the same. To me, the bikini is a throwaway piece. I feel like today... Is your fight...To make it to Fashion Week. And when you have so much to choose from, why would you give us that one? That's one thing that worries me. Then I think about the accessories. You're talking about the headpieces? I'm not sure. Do I like them or not? You've gotta step back and say, you know what? The styling's really important. What you leave out is as important as what you put in. Okay. Thank you to the models. You can leave the Runway. Michael. I wanted to show you that I am able to create pieces that can have some structure and have some hardness and that can have detail as well. My 11th look was this dress right here. And there's some great pieces in my collection. I like the gown because it looks effortless. It doesn't look worked. It looks like the fabric just went on, and it moves. I like the back. The dress is good at every angle. My favorite piece is this top... Because I have not seen a top like that before. I was intrigued by this. I think that it does really nice things for her in the front. I think it's really cool. But I have problems with some of the others. I am amazed... That you decided to do everything in the same color. It looks like they're all going to the same party where there is not a dress code but a color code. I just wanted to create something that would look like a collection. It can't be that what turns it into a collection is a color palette only. It really has to tell a story. You know, that's so important. And color isn't enough. There's also some cool shades of gray and warm gray tones in the collection as well. But we don't see it. That's true, you don't see it. You know? Yes. We see this one with the feathers, and it's very boxy. Like, it doesn't do wonders for her body. And then it's very bedazzled. I wanted it to be like a wow dress, yeah. But Michael, the wow effect doesn't necessarily need to come from the beading and the feathers. You know, a simple, beautiful dress can have the same effect, if not stronger. And there are some really beautiful, simple dresses in my collection. I was afraid that if I just show dress, dress, dress that you guys would think that's all that's in the collection. True. Well, but instead, how you edited it, we all think that all you have is copper-colored evening clothes. You're absolutely right. This is an opportunity to surprise us with your new propositions. I don't want to see something that I've seen and that I've seen many times, even though it's beautifully done. Michael, we've heard what you had to say. Models, thank you. You can leave the Runway. Gretchen. With my three looks, what I really wanted to represent was what I think are key elements to my collection. I did jewelry design for the first time. The jewelry is all hand-forged for me. Um, I did knitwear. I had the hats made. My 11th look--where I was missing an element was referencing this type of silhouette and doing so in a manner that was a little bit more casual. But I also didn't want to reveal too much. I just wanted to pique your interest enough that you'd want to see more. My interest was not piqued. Mm. It feels a little crunchy granola. And, yes, they're perfectly wearable clothes. They're still walking on a Runway at Lincoln Center. So there needs to be a sense of drama, there needs to be a sense of polish. I mean, the only glimmer of hope that I have of somewhat polish is this look that you did in leather. With this linen sack dress, I- I'm really seriously wondering, where are the Birkenstocks? You have to give these girls a little more oomph. From the hair, from the makeup, from the shoes--I don't know where you're gonna get it from. I don't know if you have it. Gretchen, I believe that you have it. Because I think that what you've designed is great. I do like your 11th look. I think that you put a lot of cool and interesting things to it, especially in the back. At first I thought, "is it too much?" But then I thought, no, it's kind of cool--why not? I think the pieces are great, but something has to be different. I think you should put them all in high heels. It gives them different posture. They walk different. They're a little sassier. Because they're all like schlumping along, and they're a bit like, "hey, dude, what's goin' on?" I think it doesn't look expensive. That's your problem. I think the jewelry, quite honestly, is cool-looking but right now...She doesn't look like she's in a Fashion show. Her handbag is actually making her look more real. I think you've gotta like sit here and think about how would I reconfigure this to make it look more expensive? But not try to turn it into something else. And let me ask you a question. The opposite of Michael's situation--his girl, you know, doesn't get out of bed until midnight. And your girl, I think, like when the sun goes down, she has to lock herself in the house. No, that's not true. I have multiple options. I have a cocktail dress. I have, um, what I consider my version of a red carpet dress. I have a... So once again, you--I don't get how you guys edited today. Yeah, me neither. I don't get it. It's weird. It's w-w-- it's about enticing us with a variety of what you have to show so that we're curious about what's next. Models, thank you. You can leave the Runway. We're going to have a little chat, and then I'll call you back out. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. That was intense. That was crazy. We just all right now at this moment need to take a deep breath and just...Know what's coming and--and try... And try really hard to deal with it. I still think it's pretty even, man. There was heavy critique on each one of us. It would be unfortunate for any of us to go home at this point. We're right there. We're right there. You know, we're like minutes... Minutes away. We're one week away from Fashion Week, and we hammered into them today. I feel a little bit bad. No, but this has been-- this is the do-or-die moment. Yes. And this is the opportunity for them to correct anything that is missing and for us to voice our concerns. I'm concerned. I'm very concerned with what they actually decided to show us. Yeah. All right, let's talk about Gretchen. I happen to like her outfits. I like that she knows who she is and she stood by that...Which is granola. No, I mean, it wasn't granola deluxe--that's what happened. It's too reality-based. We need a good show. Right. And do you think she will be able to do that, or do you think it will be a granola festival? The hat with the leather jacket gave me a glimmer of hope. But I certainly think that there is an attitude to the clothes, which I think is interesting. And I think there's nothing wrong with granola, but it has to be Fashion show granola. Let's talk about Mondo I love that he has the showmanship. He has it in spades! Right. He needs a little bit of Gretchen to-- yeah, they need to balance each other. Yeah, they need to balance each other. He runs the risk of being taken as a joke, and that's what I am concerned about. Once you lose that credibility, you can't regain it. You lose all the people. Right. I know what you mean, but I feel like he has that fine line in a way. The skirt was great. The blouse was great. He uses color really well. He mixes prints really well. He takes a lot of risks-- they're all well-made too. I mean, they look really good. And therefore, he can do those crazy prints, because they're all sharp. It's just the assemblage is a little overwrought. It looks like these girls left, like, a crazy polynesian party and shoved all this stuff on their head, and quite honestly, they just don't need it. The clothes are great. After listening to you guys-- you said it was too much and don't make it too circusy-- would you mind if he has those pom-poms on his head again? I-I-- I just hope, honestly, that, you know, the circus doesn't come to town. Yeah. I mean, that's what you really have to worry about. All right, let's talk about Michael. Michael's are like... I don't know, they're like stage costume cocktail wear. What was he thinking? What was Michael thinking, I mean, really? Why are they all in the same color? I think that in his mind he thought, well, if they're all the same color...That equals a collection. Right. I mean... And that's not a collection. He is a great draper, though. He does have...Good angles of the woman's body. Those are his best things. You know, her back, and the slit, and the way--I mean, it did move beautifully. I mean, he is very, very good at that. He's a fine Designer. He really needs to feel more confident that he can do-- I think he's building on that confidence, but he needs more practice. Yeah. He thinks that if you add... Beads. Beads and shine and feathers and satin--wow, it's a show. Yeah, it's a showgirl. On the other hand... He showed us through the season that his best clothes in fact were very simple and done well. So did hehbring these today because he thought these were the razzle-dazzle? And are there some beautiful, elegant, simple pieces that he didn't show us? I don't know. Let's move on to Andy. Andy...Oh... He actually said, oh, you know, I didn't bring today my best pieces. He wants to surprise us. He wanted to surprise us with the fairy bikini with the cape. The cape going under the boobs. And--excuse me. From what I've seen here, it's evening wear...And a bikini. I haven't seen any day clothes yet. I do think he has listened to us. I think he's managed to, you know, kind of tame that toughness. And he's trying to push it. He's trying to bring in a sense of drama. He has ideas. He thinks out of the box. Unfortunately, today I think what he brought to show us-- they're disastrous. The green dress was the best thing. Yeah. And I do like the colors. I like the colors. I don't know. To me, he's iffy. He is iffy. So we've made our decision? Yes, we have. Of who's going to Fashion Week? Absolutely. Okay, let's bring them back out. Three of you will be competing at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week, and one of you will be out. Three of you will be competing at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week...And one of you will be out. First of all, I wanna congratulate all of you for making it this far. All of you, without exception, have grown and evolved as Designers during your time on Project Runway, and you should be proud of that. And this has been a very difficult decision. Mondo, we loved your showmanship, but don't go too far. There's a fine line between fashion and costume. Congratulaons, Mondo. You're going to Lincoln Center. Thank you. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. Yay! Gretchen... The attitude of your looks were very you. But you have to keep in mind that these clothes are going down the Runway. You need to polish your looks and elevate your styling. Congratulations, Gretchen. You're going to Fashion Week. Thank you so much. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. Yes! Good. Good. Girl. Girl! We made it. We made it! Yes. I can't believe this. God! Who do you think it's gonna be? Overall, I don't know. I really don't know. There's so many strong points about each of those guys. It really could go either way. Andy... Michael, one of you will go to Fashion Week, and one of you will be out. Andy. We think that you did yourself a disservice with the looks that you showed us today. Your swimsuit and cover-up were underwhelming. And ironically, your last-minute look was our favorite. Michael...The monotone color scheme of what you showed today really worried us. Your craftsmanship was clear, but we wonder if you have something new to say as a Designer. Andy... ♪ ♪ congratulations. You're in, and you're showing at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week. Thank you. Thank you very much. You can leave the Runway. Are you in? I made it and... I'm so thankful that I'm getting this chance. At the same time, it feels really crappy that Michael isn't going to. Part of me feels like if he goes home then part of his...Sadness is...Maybe a little guilt? Because I took that last spot. For Michael to fall short now has got to be...So tough. Michael... Michael, you should be very proud of what you've done. You're a great Designer, and we all think that you have a great future ahead of you. Michael, I'm sorry, you're out. Auf wiedersehen, Michael. I...Can't take it, guys, I can't. I can't. It's okay, it's okay. I just...Didn't have the strength like I thought I would have to...To get through. I just... Couldn't take it. The first thing that came to my head was my family. What am I gonna tell my mother and father? What am I gonna tell them? That's why I'm so hurt right now, 'cause I just really don't know how to go back home... And tell my mother and father that I didn't make it. I tried so hard to... To make it there so that they could be proud. I just--I feel like...Once they see it, they're gonna say, well, you see? Just give that up now. Move back home. Come live with us. Get married again. It wasn't meant to be. And I can't...Can't deal with that. I can't. I don't know...How I'm gonna face them and... And tell the "I didn't make it. Sorry." Come here. You're incredibly, incredibly talented. You did fabulous, fabulous work. And it's at the whim of the judges now, you know? You're one of the final four. This is an extraordinary moment for you. Extraordinary! I know, it's not that. I'm happy about making it there, but I just don't know what to tell my family about Fashion Week. The way Michael is reacting to this elimination worries me. And what he's saying concerns me. I'm nervous about the family and them being supportive, and I'm nervous that that's not what's gonna happen for Michael. You don't understand--they had so much high expectations of me going and everything-- Michael, the fact that you're this far is extraordinary. I know. Extraordinary. You know? Yeah. The stuff I did to get this far... The stuff you did to get this far! Michael... You didn't give up, either. You never gave up, and that's what I really admire. Don't cry for me. Just be happy. Be strong and give them Hell. Yeah. Give 'em Hell! Listen, you should be so proud of where you are right now. It's an extraordinary, extraordinary moment for you. Okay? 'K. Now send me to the workroom to pack up my space. No! All right? I'm taking these with me. Okay, Michael. We love ya. I love you too. And you're incredibly talented. We're gonna see much more of you, all right? Yes. You will. Okay. It isn't the end for Michael Costello. This is just the beginning. I'm really, really happy to have had this opportunity to share with you. I love you. He really beat the odds. So many people didn't think that he'd make it this far, and I'm so proud of him. Take it home. I love you, Michael. I learned so much being on Project Runway. I learned that...Friends are hard to find and hard to make. And it hurts when you have to say good-bye to them. I learned who I am as a Designer, and I love my designs and I love everything about my collection. Effortless chic. That's me. Next week on the finale of Project Runway... Hi, everybody. Hi. Welcome back. It's great to see all of you. We made ourselves very vulnerable. You're not the only ones emotional. Next stop, Fashion Week. This is for the big prize. are you all right? it's so much pressure. hello, everybody. it's insane. our special guest judge Today, Jessica Simpson. you've gotta make a decision Now! enjoy the show. This was the toughest decision in Project Runway history. Visit mylifetime.com to learn More about the fashion you've seen on tonight's show. -- sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 