Project Runway: Season 8, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Project Runway 
 s8e14 - Finale Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Project Runway (2004–…): Season 8, Episode 14 - Finale Part 2 - full transcript 
 Competition reality series, where each week budding fashion designers face challenges and elimination as they compete for cash and prizes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Project Runway... I'm more scared than excited. About being back in New York. Today will determine which three of the four of you will move forward to Mercedes Benz Fashion Week. I love the theatricality that you bring to a show. I just hope that the circus doesn't come to town. I think the pieces are great, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 but something has to be different. You have to give these girls a little more oomph. This green dress syncs. Is there a range? There is. There's definitely a range in the collection. I'm very skeptical. I am amazed that you decided to do everything in the same color. It really has to tell a 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 story, and color isn't enough. This is the do-or-die moment. I know. And this is the opportunity for them to correct anything that is missing and for us to voice our concern. Mondo, congratulations. You're going to Lincoln Center. Gretchen, you're going to Fashion Week. Thank you so much. Andy, you're in. Thank you. Michael, I'm sorry, you're out. Congratulations to our final three. Out of the three of you, one will be the winner of Project Runway, Season Eight. Tonight on the finale of Project Runway... Welcome back. Hi. Congratulations to our three finalists. What is this cast really like? Next stop, Fashion Week. This is for the big prize. Oh, my God. This is it. This is what we've worked so hard to get to. The lineup is totally jacked up. It's so much pressure. It's insane. You've gotta make a decision--now! I like to see you guys fight. Rrow! Someone hand me my boxing gloves, please. This is Project Runway. Three finalists... But only one can be the winner. Project Runway is a chance of a lifetime. Project Runway 8x14 Finale, Part 2 Original Air Date on October 28, 2010 -- sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- Yes! I made it to Fashion Week. I'm so excited and kind of shocked that this is all happening. This is something that I'm gonna remember for the rest of my life. We have a one-in-three chance of winning Project Runway. Right. Can you believe that? I didn't think I was gonna make it very far. I set the intention of getting here, which is wild. Now I just hope I can make myself and my community and my support system proud. This is like a once-in-a-lifetime experience. I'm just a couple days away of possibly being the winner of Project Runway. Morning, sunshine Hi. We're the final three. It's finally here. I know! This opportunity to show at Fashion Week is an opportunity to show the world who I am. "Good morning, Designers. We have some friends of yours here who are excited to see you and would like to congratulate the three of you on making it to Fashion Week. They will be waiting for you at Parsons. See you there." I hope it's not family. Well, I guess that means we should probably... Yeah, I'm gonna go get ready and... Look at least good? I really have no idea what to think. Hi, everybody. Hi! Hi. Welcome back. It's great to see all of you. Thank you. You too. Is it good to be back? Yeah. It's great. Fond memories? I don't know about that. Yeah. This room is bittersweet. It's bittersweet. And how was it, first time seeing each other? It was very exciting. Lots of hugs. Lots of slapping too? Oh, yeah, that too. No, none of that. As you can see, we have three empty seats right here. Let's bring out our finalists. I'm really happy to see everyone again. It's really nice to see people that I really miss. I excited. I love these guys. They're awesome. It should be good. Congratulations to our three finalists. All of you, without exception, have evolved as Designers during your time on Project Runway. You should be very proud of that. Andy, you in particular, have had some high highs and some low lows throughout the season. But your point of view as a Designer was always clear. Have a little look. Andy's only 23, but his design work is very mature. I can't wait to see what he does. How are you? I'm Andy. I know that my aesthetic is different. I began my career designing pageant gowns, and I realized pretty early that it wasn't my passion. So now it's my time to design for me. The past two challenges, I have put my best forward and, you know, I thought that the judges would see that. Ooh, are you weaving that? Yes, girl. Oh, my God, that's awesome! Really cool. I could see you and Rihanna fighting over that one. Well, I saw it first. I think that's remarkable. Congratulations. You're the winner of this challenge. Thank you. I think it is really beautifully done. The shape is very flattering. How was this whole crotch area? It was giving her like an arrow there. Jackie Kennedy would not have cameltoe. Right.  This is just a train wreck. Wow. I mean, can you imagine Jackie Kennedy in these ill-fitting pants? I did want to take a risk, so... Oh, you took one. I've been in the bottom way too many times. A fighter in me has been awakened. Good! Andy's execution is amazing. I like it. You've kept to your vision, and as a Designer, you have to stick to your vision. It's real, it's wearable. Good job. I really love this dress. I mean, it's a perfect little black dress...For that edgy girl. Thank you. The dress was really... Beautiful! Great-looking. Congratulations. You are the winner of this challenge. Wow! This has been a crash course to getting to know who you are and sticking by who you are. My family moved here for a better life, but never has it ever been thought that...Maybe the success for a child that's brought up by an immigrant family that...They're gonna be a successful Fashion Designer. That's the beauty of this, 'cause all I need are my dreams and the belief that they can come true. Yay! Group hug! Phenomenal job. Thank you. Actually, I wanna say congratulations to all of you, because you've made this an incredibly wonderful season. How has it been for all of you since the show has been aired? Crazy. All of a sudden, you guys are television stars. I have a huge gay following. I am having the time of my life. Oh, yeah, I do. I've had a marriage proposal. Oh, really? That sounds scary. Just like that--on the street? Some random guy on Facebook. On Facebook? What did you learn from the show, Casanova? What I learned? A lot of english. Who else is getting all these crazy questions from people from the outside world? People will come up and be really excited and like recognize me from the show. They always wanna know the scoop about people, so... What do they wanna know? Um... Uh-oh. Spill the beans! We get asked a lot about this little lady. About Gretchen? Yeah. I always have good things to say, so... I get questioned the most about Jason, Ivy, and Gretchen. What questions do they ask you? They ask is Jason really crazy? They ask is Ivy really mean? And they ask is Gretchen really bitchy? What do you think about that, Gretchen? Well, I think the funny answer is I'm not a bitch. I just play one on TV. You just play one on TV. That's a good one. Is that even accurate? I think being a girl that's confident... Quickly shifts into role of bitch in a manner that I feel is not right just for saying my opinion. Ivy, I see you're shaking your head. It's fake. It's fake? What is fake? You think what she's saying is fake or... We lived with her. She didn't say one thing to us in the room that was like positive. Say, for instance, Christopher-- he always got positive feedback from Gretchen. Then she says in the interview that she doesn't like anything he's ever done. What I say is not about people's character. It's my biased opinion about design. It's just my opinion. In Gretchen's defense, I've gotten to know her and I've gotten really close with her. And I know that she does mean well. The way that we speak and the way that we say things, we forget how that can be perceived. You grow from, like, criticism. We're always gonna get criticized for what we do. We're never gonna be good enough for somebody. Right. I don't think it's fair to pick on her. Gretchen, you showed us you were serious about this competition from day one. Your Fashions and your determination impressed us throughout the season. Let's take a look. Gretchen is talented and very confident. I am a sustainable clothing Designer based out of Portland, Oregon. My design aesthetic is one part contemporary minimalist art and one part 1970s Bohemian. For this challenge, we had a rare unanimous decision. Gretchen, you are the winner of this challenge. It was just perfectly done. Bravo. Thank you. First of all, congratulations on being the first Designer to make the wall of fame. Thank you! So now you have a tough act to follow. I know! It's really simple, sophisticated... I like the effortless ease. Congratulations. You're once again the winner of this challenge. Thank you. Gretchen has just won not one but two of the challenges. It's pretty impressive. I feel like she's super on top of her game. What is important for me is to stay really true to my own aesthetic, regardless of the challenge. Wrote "fabulous." I think you used yourself genuinely as a template, and it shows. For your next challenge, i will be your client. So why don't you just make it out of the fabric that is in the line so it goes with the rest? I don't want you wasting time without the fabric. You wanna win. I wanna win. Get it outta here. I just think that the execution and how she put it together is a disaster. It looks very forced. Your styling is not helping you. I'm so confused. What happened? I want to get back to how I design and what I design... And for some reason, I'm just kind of sick of the challenges, and I guess they got the best of me. I think she's lost her confidence. Yeah. Or maybe she ran out of ideas too. Although I'm feeling nervous and extremely tired, so my gut just says keep pushing. I've asked for this. I've asked to get the opportunity to show America what I can do. Oh, my God! Oh, my gosh! I think any Fashion Designer that's, you know, a girl like me coming from nothing--that's what you dream of. My mom's gonna be so proud. Mondo, you and Michael Costello had quite a profound relationship evolution. I'm putting you into teams of two. Michael C and... Oh, my God. I do not wanna be on Michael C's team. Mondo. Oh, yay. I feel like I wanna scream. I'm not real excited about this... Neither am I. Because your construction is awful. I was a jerk because I was judging him by hearsay, you know? And when I had to hand over my work to him, I was scared. I was really scared. So I, you know, had a bitch moment. I really did. And then--you know--but I had to make a conscious decision to approach it as a professional. You came around. Yes. I came around. And you said it, which was nice. Sorry for being such a bitch, but... It's okay. Yes, good job. I love Michael. Like, I really understand that he is such a hard worker, and you know what? I can really respect that about him. Well, Michael, you've had the last laugh. But I don't wanna laugh. Congratulations. Well, I'm speaking metaphorically. Yes, I'm happy where I made it... Congratulations. And they know exactly how happy I am for them. We've all talked about it before. Sometimes you just make a wrong first impression, and then you learn from that, you know? You learn about people, and you learn from it. But for all of the drama, all of the sturm und drang, you all really came together and were there for each other. And I found that to be very moving this season, and frankly, quite unusual. Mondo, your colorful style and unique voice clearly show through in your designs. And your presence here has touched all of us. Let's have a look. Mondo knocked my socks off at the auditions. It remains to be seen if the judges agree. Mondo. How you doing? Mondo, excellent. I almost wore the same thing. People's first impressions of me probably are that he's a little strange. But I think if you're misunderstood then you have something really good going on. Mondo...My first impression is "weird guy." I feel like this gift and talent is a curse to me sometimes. After the critique I was feeling like I was gonna give up. You didn't, and it was like, pow! You blew me away. Go big. Be you. Mondo is definitely wackadoo, but it works for him. It has a great spirit. It has energy, it has bounce, it has confidence. I'm feeling a lot more comfortable now, so it's a good thing. I think the dress looks really tough and cool. Mondo, tell us about your look. I just wanted to keep it really smart, sleek. I didn't mean your model. I meant you. Oh! My look? Oh, wow. I'm kidding. It's fun, yet it's still elegant chic. Mondo, you are the clear winner of this challenge. Thank you. This is a really phenomenal dress. You are the winner of this challenge. Yes! 20 grand! I never thought that I would be here, but I'm a dreamer. It's been such a long journey. What inspired the print? I just kinda pulled it... From who I was and who I am going to be in the future. Wow! It's terrific. I love the way that you're not scared of mixing prints or colors. There's a sharpness to it, and it has joy. I wish I knew what the story was. I've been HIV positive for ten years...And so I wanted to pull from the past, but I also wanted to give something back... Of who I am now... And that I've been so scared of and hiding from. Thank you for sharing that with us, Mondo. I--you know... I feel a lot better. I feel free. I like that he goes a little bit outside the box and he doesn't do what is expected. It's obvious that Mondo really steps up to the plate. He does. Congratulations. You are the winner of this challenge. Thank you. I've won three in a row now, and I'm excited. This is what I came to do. Oh, man. What I've been asked this season, um, from people... "What is this cast really like?" Personalities to beat the band. ♪ ♪ Blblblblblb! She has more like Jackie Yo than Jackie O. Word. Oh! Yay! When Diane Von Furstenberg first moved here, this is what she was envisioning. He's either an idiot savant or just an idiot. I'm making clothes for old ladies, sluts... No, you're not. No, you're not. I'm even getting fat. I thought I'd do a really short pencil skirt. You're putting it really short. Not up, you know, to show the good China. You know, they sort of fit in the color palette. Oh, they're animal wooly balls. Yes! Then what do you have? I have real balls. I prefer the wooly balls. I do too! I have to say, really one reason why this season has been so successful is because you guys are all real and because you let your emotions go, and you are free, and you spoke your mind, and...You were just being you. I think we made ourselves vulnerable. I think that's why it was so freaking dramatic and good. We made ourselves very vulnerable. 17 rare hothouse flowers. Oh, my God! Oh, my freaking God! Oh, my God, mom! By the way everyone's bawling like little babies, these have to be their mothers. Hello, gorgeous! So now I'm a blithering idiot. I got so scared you weren't gonna be able to come. Oh! I'm like so happy to have her here. I missed you so much. Emotionally, I'm just drained. I'm tired, and I do feel like I've run out of steam a little bit. Like everybody was just going after me out there, and it just felt like...It felt so bad. I'm sorry. I've never laughed so much or cried so hard or been so stressed or had such a crazy good time all in one experience. Wow. You're not the only ones emotional. I did not cry until now. Jeez! Now that we have our three finalists sitting right here, who do you all think is gonna win? Three-way tie. Done. That would be lovely. I would love that, Sarah. I think if I've learned anything from this whole process it's that I can't even answer that question, 'cause I don't have a clue. We have three very talented Designers. Very talented. Very talented Designers. And we're about to see what this collection is all about that you guys are still working on right now. I need to get our three finalists back to the workroom so they can finish up their collections. I think so. So it's been wonderful, wonderful to have all of you here together... Yes. At our reunion. And it's been wonderful to share thoughts and...Just to see you all again. Thank you so much. Thank you to all of you, and I'm gonna see you three on the big... Big, big, big, big Runway. Andy, Gretchen, Mondo, head back to the workroom. Bye. Coming up on Project Runway... I'm not feeling you in this. I find this really disturbing. I just don't see it. Next stop, Fashion Week. Do you have all your girls? I am not sure yet. We're still waiting on Vanessa. Hello, everybody. I think the reunion really reminded us just how much we've gone through and how much has happened throughout the season. But at the same time, it's like I'm still working on this collection, and I'm just focused on me. How are you doing, Andy? Playing with options. A lot of the critique was based on me not showing them my best. I see two evening looks and then a bathing suit that's supposed to give me the impression that you have had some range here. It's there. If it's all short, decorated clothes, they start to all look the same. I have a lot still stored up that...They hopefully will love. What are you gonna do with yours? I think if I make this more streamlined and put a high heel with it and style it differently... It'll un-casual it. Yeah. The bottom line is what the judges want is more drama in the styling, and I can do that. My Zipper split. Oh, no. I have...A million things to do, but I know if I start forcing it, I'm gonna screw up. So I'm here to check in with you. I wanna hear about the critique. I wanna hear about the current state of your collections and... Help you all get buoyed up for your big finale. As you know, you created an 11th look for the judges to evaluate. A look needs to be removed in your collection, because only 10 looks will walk the Runway. So how's Mondo? Good. Tell me what you heard the judges say to you. They said I walk a fine line of costume. I love the theatricality that you bring to a show. Having said that, I don't want people to not take you seriously and think that you're putting on a circus collection. I think the reality is you wanna be true to yourself as a Designer, but I hope there's some balance. But they also said that they really appreciated my showmanship, so I don't know. I was criticized for being too costumey, but you know what? I've been doing something right because I've always been in the top. I showed this...This look, and Heidi loved it. It's spectacular. But Michael Kors kept on saying, "is there anything solid in your collection," you know? So...For the finale, I made this gown. I'm not feeling you in this. What I love so much about the overscaled polka-dot dress is that it is your nod to evening while still maintaining you. I'm getting rid of my gown, and I'm going to end with the polka-dot bubble dress. Eveningwear is interpreted so many different ways. I think I add a new flavor, and I'm gonna show the judges exactly what I have to serve. I'm excited. It is a show. It's a show! That's it. It's you. Don't compromise for a second. Mondo's is so different, I'm wondering what the judges are gonna think of that--if it's gonna look rich or it's gonna look overdone. All right, Mondo, thank you. Thank you so much. Michael Kors said that you have to treat this Runway like it's your last Runway. And you know what? This is my last Runway. I'm treating it exactly like that. Andy, may I interrupt you? Sure. Tell me about what happened with the judges and what you heard them say. Their favorite was... This look. The 11th look. And I also showed my simple bathing suit. 'Cause I do have something that's more designed and avant garde. And what did they say about the bathing suit? They didn't like it. They thought it was kind of a throw-away piece. The bathing suit looks--I am taking one out for sure. So this bathing suit I'm planning on showing with this. So it's one shoulder. It's a one-shoulder. This looks so much like hair. Seeing it grow up out of this crotch... I find it really disturbing. Wow. Okay, I'm gonna take a few steps back and look-- take some steps back. Tim says the one-piece kind of looks like hair growing out of her crotch... But I just don't see it. I don't want this to distract people from the beauty of the other pieces. Mm-hmm. Listen to your own voice. I will. Okay? It's got me this far. Andy's collection looks very two-dimensional. I don't feel like there's a lot of texture and a lot of depth. Gretchen. Hi, Tim. So what did you hear the judges say to you? I didn't get very good reviews for my 11th look. What did they say? Nina told me that it looked like a potato sack, so...I don't think I'm gonna use it. Okay. They weren't in love with it, and I think part of that was because it was casual. Hmm. You have to give these girls a little more oomph. From the hair, from the makeup, from the shoes--I don't know where you're gonna get it from. I don't know if you have it. I want to relate to the girls that I want to be purchasing me, but Nina's point was that that can be more fantasy. So they want to minimize the accessible and heighten the aspirational. Yes. I'm still learning how to really pump up the drama. It's brighten your lipstick, do crazier hair...And throw some heels in. You are superbly organized. You know what you're doing. So it's just going back to trust my instincts and believe in myself as the Designer I am, and that's all I can be. That's music to my ears. Thank you, Gretchen. Thank you. I've always thought Gretchen is very simple...And her work is beautiful, but I don't know if the judges will be interested in the show. Coming up on Project Runway... It's never gonna be over. I'm gonna be tweaking things and making decisions and changing until the models walk the Runway. Three of my girls didn't show up. Are you kidding? Left. All right, Designers, thank you for letting me check in with each of you and see your fabulous collections. A little bit of business. Peter Butler, consulting hair stylist for Garnier, and Collier Strong, consulting makeup artist for L'Oreal Paris are here to consult with you about your big finale. Your models will be coming in-- all ten of them--for fittings. Use the piperlime accessory wall very thoughtfully. You have until midnight tonight. Very little time tomorrow. So a lot has to be completed today. I just wanna say...From where I stand, we have three winners. I am so excited for each of you about the power of your collections. And you couldn't be more different. Those judges are gonna have a run for their money. And that's a really good thing. So I'm gonna leave you, and I will see you later, okay? Thank you, Tim. Hello. Hey, Mondo, how are you? Good to see you. Probably just something really sleek in a high bun. We'll just use some volumizing spray. And I have these like little hats that I can put right in the top. Yeah, I love that. That is so...Cute. They have these orbiting their face. So I almost want it as clean as possible. Sure. I would take sleek & shine hairspray and kind of blow-dry in a part. So you're happy with that? Yeah, I'm really happy with that. Oh, good, I'm excited. Hi. Gretchen. Good top! The judges want more drama in the styling, so I knew exactly what I wanted with hair. Almost like flat hat head on the base. So a little bit tousled? So you're happy with the shape? You love the look? I love it. Bye. Bye! Hello! This model fitting is a lot more important than any other fitting I've ever done. I wanna try on a few things. Every model and every piece is gonna be really important. I think it's beautiful. This is so pretty. I love it. I do too. > It fits you like a million bucks. This is out. I'm not gonna do that. Really? I was thinking when they were talking last night, um, I thought this was the... Solid. The breath. I have pieces in my collection that I feel like are little breathers just because a couple of judges don't like what I'm doing. Everybody has their own taste. You're going to wear the same thing that you wore last night. Oh, cool. > I'm going to end with Tina Marie walking in the polka dot bubble gown. It's amazing. I think it's good. I told myself that I wouldn't change my mind on this dress. I'm really happy that I made it. And I wouldn't change a thing. Hey, how are you? How are you? Good. Good to see you. I almost wanna do a nude look, but not like washed out. Right. We'll use some in infallible plumping lip gloss, the very nude, fleshy pink? Yes. I like it. I wanna keep it Latina-inspired, so like a really heavy cat eye. I'm using hip platinum duo. It's perfect to set this liner. So I'm gonna use this gold shade. Just put a really heavy application of it all over the eyelid. That looks really metallic. What do you think? Love it. What I envisioned was sun-kissed, like on the nose like they've been walking through the Sahara. This is Project Runway and there is a level of presentation that maybe isn't totally true to my aesthetic, and I'm willing to adapt to that. This coloration--volcanic. We can use this as a base. I think it's great. It's totally perfect. You excited? Yeah. Are you? Of course I am. I really want my models to to feel comfortable and have fun in what they're wearing. Cute. Okay. This is what you're gonna wear. I think possibly one of my greatest strengths is planning. So you will try on both of these. I feel really, really good looking at ten models in a row. Perfect. I tend to know what girl I want in what look, and I'll make it work. These pants. Okay. And I have a jacket for you too. I have a few girls that I'm still playing with the idea of which outfit they're gonna wear. It's never gonna be over. I'm gonna be tweaking things and making decisions and changing until the models walk the Runway. Thank you so much. Thank you. Are you all done now? I'm done with fittings. How do you feel? Good. Three of my girls didn't show up. Are you kidding? Left. I have had a lot of issues with the models. I'm just gonna figure it out tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be showing at Lincoln Center. The world's gonna see my work, and it's nerve-racking. I'm gonna force myself to sleep tonight because I know tomorrow's such a big day. I'm so excited. I can't believe that this is happening. You guys all ready? Yeah. I feel really prepared. Everything's done. Everything's pressed. I want to win to prove to myself that all this work has not been for nothing. It's the night before our show. This is like... It's special. It's like I don't even know how to explain this feeling that it's like excitement and-- this whole process, we didn't know what was gonna come next, but now we know what's going to go down. Just think of where we started, and we didn't know each other at all. We never...Had been in this sort of environment at all. Welcome to Lincoln Center. Three of you will be showing your final collections here in the fall. How many challenges? 13. 13. 13 challenges just to get here. It's been a long journey, and we've all grown so much. So to be at the end of the road, it's exciting but it's also very sad at the same time because we've grown attached to each other. But look how far we've come. I just feel like I don't-- I haven't--you know, like there's so many different levels of what....Revelation means for this journey. I've learned so much during this whole thing... About... About what you can accomplish when you really want something to happen. I know that in my heart I really want this. And I've played the quiet one that kind of is okay with everything. But it's so important for me to win. This has been really hard and really challenging and really humbling and really scary. I'm scared. I just feel like I've learned so much here and... I want this so bad that I can taste it. And I just don't want to fail. Whatever happens, I know that I'm gonna walk away... From this experience... A better person and... I couldn't be more grateful. Coming up on Project Runway... This is the last Runway. Oh, my God! The lineup is totally jacked up. There's so much pressure. Andy. Yes. You've gotta make a decision--now. Hello, everybody. As tired as I am, the adrenaline's kicking in now and the excitement and the... Realization that we're really gonna go to Fashion Week this morning, and this is it. This is what we've worked so hard to get to, and it's Exciting. It's just another day for us on Project Runway. Um...It's just a big day. You really look... Like a million dollars. I've lost weight. Me too. Believe it or not. Here we go. Come on, Fashion Week. Fashion Week. Yeah! If I like really let myself think about it, I get like weepy. This has been really hard and really challenging and really humbling and really scary. I'm scared. No one's around. It's just us walking, and it's quiet. We're back! Amazing! From here on out, I don't know what's coming, but I know it's gonna be great. Oh, it's fabric! There you go. Thank you. This is the big one. This is for...The big prize. We are in the tents of Fashion Week. Yes, we are. Oh, my God! This is a little bigger than our regular Runway. It's, uh, slightly bigger. A little. We're right here. We're finally here. Right? How are you? I made a new pair of pants. There you are. Excited? Yeah. You excited? I changed that look. You're wearing shorts now, so... Okay. Are all your models here? Uh... Have you checked in with your wrangler? Uh...No. All right, I am having a real issue with this... The way I gave you these. What's wrong? And I know this is not the order I handed them to you. I'm a little nervous for Mondo. The lineup is totally jacked up, and I don't know their names. I'm kinda freaking out just because it's...Intense. The order of the list is not correct at all. I worked so hard and this is... This is it. I don't wanna freak out, but... It's so much pressure. Are you all right? Yeah, I'm fine. 'Cause you really need to be weighing in on your models in hair and makeup, not just here. I know you wanna get your looks organized. I know you wanna tell your dressers what to do. I just--I know. But I don't want it to crash and burn here. Thank you. Really and truly, you know? 'Cause this is so important. I know. Go--move back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, okay? Andy, are you concerned about the fact that all this sewing is happening? Yes. These pants--I decided to use them. Put everybody to work. Yeah, I will. All right, thank you. Do you have all your girls? I am not sure yet. I haven't-- i want you to find out, 'cause they need to be in hair and makeup now. Excuse me, are my girls--all my girls here? We're still waiting on Vanessa. All right. Another model just doesn't show up. This is Alessandra, and she is going to be your fill-in. All right. So we pull in an alternate with short hair. I have an alternate stepping in. She has no hair. It wasn't as cohesive as I wish it would have been. I think it'll all be fine. All right. Yeah. Don't worry about it. Hi. How are you? It's crazy backstage. I'm running back and forth to hair and makeup. And I'm sewing at one moment, I'm pressing another moment, I'm steaming, I'm clipping threads, I'm fitting. It's insane. Andy. Yes. You've gotta make a decision--now! These pants are a mess. I'm just gonna say it. How many people agree with me? Skirts. Skirts. Once I turn that corner, I'm just gonna let everybody see a part of my soul and...I have nothing to hide. I feel really excited. Hello, everybody. Welcome to our big finale of Project Runway, Season 8. Hello, everybody. Welcome to our big finale of Project Runway, Season 8. And what a season it has been. I don't think I've ever gotten so emotional and so attached to our Designers than ever before. So thank you to all of our Designers, first and foremost. Now I would like to introduce our judges. Mr. Michael Kors. Welcome. Nina Garcia. And a big thank you to our special guest judge today, Jessica Simpson. Thank you for coming. Enjoy the show. It's so close, t it's also everything to me, and I just hope that I've been able to represent that well. So fingers are crossed. Hi. Um, I'm just really excited that my mom and sister are here. And my best friends. Um...This collection is about the road that I have taken. It's called "Running Through Thunder." So I hope you enjoy. ♪ ♪ Regardless of what happens, I really feel like I did the best job I could and the best job I've ever done. I feel really excited. To be able to create a collection like I did is huge. I couldn't be happier. Whew! Beautiful. You should feel exceedingly proud. I do, I do. I feel like it's me and...As goods I can do. Thank you. Congratulations! It feels so right. It's like the first sip of a drink you really want. Like seeing these girls walk the Runway makes me eager to do it again. ♪ ♪ This is the ultimate dream for...my mom to see me at Fashion Week. And she's willing to sacrifice everything to see me make it and to win. That would mean the world to her, and it would mean the world to me. Hi, everyone. I'm Andy. This is just so amazing to me to be here, and just feel very honored to be a part of this group that has made it this far. My collection is really inspired by my heritage and my background...Hi, mom. This is for you. I love you. ♪ ♪ When I was watching my collection, I got so emotional because this is a beautiful collection. And it's exactly how I wanted to portray myself and represent who I am today as a Designer because I've evolved so much during the season that this is an accurate representation of where I stand today and what I wanted to do. You should feel so hugely proud of what you have achieved. Yeah. ♪ ♪ This collection is such a self-reflection of who I am and everything that brings me joy. And I feel like even though there's so much pain, my Fashion is my dreamworld. Hi, everybody. I'm Mondo and, you know, my inspiration just came from what I know, what I love--my Mexican heritage. And I'd really like to thank all my friends, my family. I love them for their support. I couldn't do it without you. And I dedicate this collection to my spiritual guide, my grandmother Betty. Thank you. ♪ ♪ Even though I love every single piece that I've done, it's my work and so I'm looking at every little detail and I'm being like, "oh, maybe I should have done that..." That's beautiful. Proportions are great. Oh, she's gorgeous. Yeah. And I love this look. Thank you. It's just awesome to share such an amazing part of what I've done, and I'm just so excited. It is just a dream come true. ♪ ♪ Hey. I'm so proud of you. I loved Andy's. I really loved that little green bolero. I mean, I just wanted to reach out and grab it from the model. I like the way that Andy had complete looks from head to toe. But still, all in all, I'm rooting for Mondo. Hi, mom. Good job! It's funny. Mondo's work is like his name... And him--Mondo. I loved all the accents he did on the shoulder pads and the puffs of color with the belts. It was just great. Two favorites--one, Mondo, and Gretchen. I adore the looks that she creates. It's like every woman would want to look like that and wear those clothes. Mama! They were beautiful! Gretchen's was airy, flowy, magical almost. I love the prints and the sophistication. I thought it was very impressive for sure. Coming up on Project Runway... It was very monotone. You need to add a lot more sophistication. We verge into costume territory. I did want to see that pop extravagant piece. I have to say that that was a really great show today. They all really showed their distinct sense of style. They really evolved as Designers. You can tell that they were all very passionate about every piece of clothing that they made, and that's really what it's about. Let's bring out the Designers. Welcome back to the Runway. We were blown away with what you showed us today. Three great Designers with three different points of view. Congratulations. Thank you. Each show was so distinctively specific to your design aesthetics...I didn't need to see you to know that it was yours. And that is a fantastic thing. So bravo. Congratulations, guys, for making it this far. And regardless of who wins today, you guys are all stars. You did an excellent job. I loved so many pieces, so hopefully, um, I'll be wearing them on a red carpet someday. But as you know, only one of you can be the winner of Project Runway. The winner will receive $100,000 from L'Oreal Paris to start their own line, a Fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine, a $50,000 technology suite from HP and Intel to create their vision and run their business, the opportunity to design and sell an exclusive collection on piperlime.com and a year of representation from Designers Management Agency. Let's bring out your models. Andy, tell us about your line and your inspiration. My inspiration for this collection was, um, the Buddha Park in Viang Chan, Laos, which is where my family is from. It's a place where there's just such beautiful textiles, beautiful metals. And I wanted to remain true to that, so I had a lot of the fabric come in from there. I loved that you took something that's very personal for you and...If you do an Asian-themed collection, it can turn into a costume, but this did not. The opening pants were great. I loved both one-shoulder dresses because there was work in them, but they were deceptively simple, but they were interesting. So I thought those two dresses were really terrific. Thank you. I didn't feel that there was really that much diversity, so I felt it was a little narrow in the focus. But overall, I thought it looked great. I wasn't particularly super-happy with the first look when it came out. I always wanna be...Whoa. Okay. And there were a lot of things that were sassy and a little bit more plugged-in looking. Like, for example, I love the green dress that you whipped up. I also liked the top that kind of weaved together. I thought that that was very interesting. I know that this has been an evolution for you. Everything that we saw from you since the beginning--so hard and edgy. So I was happy to see the softness. However, I almost feel like somebody took over you completely and you lost Andy somewhere in here. I didn't think so. Now, there are pieces here that I really love. For example, that jacket. I love the cut of the jacket. I love the detail of it. I do think that you went a little overboard with this orientalism. It's taken over. Where I would have liked to see maybe a touch of it maybe in the jacket with something a little more edgy and more modern. Okay. Well, my favorite was the silver one-shoulder, and I do think that it had an edge to it with the chains. It was one of my favorite dresses that I actually saw today. This, I would wear the jacket. I like mixing the fabrics, having it a little bit frilly and then having the structure. Awesome. You won me with that. And I love your outfit. Thank you. Gretchen. The collection's called Running Through Thunder because this has been a really overwhelming and very challenging experience for me. And through that, I think there can be magic and inspiration. So that's kind of where I came from. Overall, I think you did a fantastic job. The prints were really nice, and you had a lot of choices. I mean, you had jackets, you had sweaters, you had pants, you had skirts. I loved your patchwork pant. I thought that was very cool. It felt very modern, and it felt very easy, which I liked. And it was a complete ready-to-wear collection. Thank you. I did see that you listened to us and changed the hair and the makeup, and I love that you kind of bronzed the girls and they looked sexier, they look polished. However, it was very monotone. Especially when it came to your prints. It would have been very nice to see a dash of color in there. I think it would have helped. I was also surprised with your opening look, because I feel like the opening look should be the important piece that kind of summarizes your collection in one look. It felt weak. Okay. I like the vibe of the girl. I get her. It's not so easy to look that relaxed and easy. I think it's you. But I don't get where that slick techy-looking leather comes into this vibe. Okay. And tell me about the jewelry. Did you make this jewelry? Yeah! I designed it, and then I had it forged for me. Well, I think the jewelry is gorgeous. I love the jewelry too. I do too. I think it is really cool. I would wear all of those pieces. They're really, really good. I loved the feeling of the show too. I just thought sometimes the prints were a little... Repetitive. But I got who this girl is, and she's a hip girl, and she's right now. My only concern would be if you saw everything on a rack in a department store, how many pieces would you buy? I did wanna see that pop extravagant piece. But I do think that you did a great job. Thank you. Mondo. You know, I grew up in a Mexican Catholic family, and so I wanted to have elements of where my deep roots were but also play with symbolism. I did Day of the Dead and I did a cross. And I was just inspired by what I've learned about who I am. Well, in Italian it would be--you'd say it was molto Mondo...It was very Mondo. Never gonna have a problem having things that are eye-catching and dramatic. It's your thing. There were a lot of very special and really loud pieces there, but there were also some very beautiful and quiet pieces there as well. I thought it was really great. One of my favorite pieces was the skull t-shirt that I liked a lot. So you did that all by yourself where you-- yeah, I drew out the skull and I screen-printed and then I hand-beaded it and studded it. All the jewelry, the headpieces and all the beading was by me. I also really liked that, um, tunic that had the pink around. Oh, yeah. That was all just cutwork, and it was based on an Aztec pyramid. It looked like a very cohesive collection. You're very creative. I love your use of color. I love your mix of prints. The strapless little dress was adorable. However, it was too overwhelming in the decorative pieces. The mix of prints and then the decoration in the hat-- what happens is the collection starts looking very, very young. Your first look was my favorite look. That blouse--an older woman could pick that up. A younger woman could take those shorts. But when we continue with the skeletons and the leggings and the color, it just becomes really teenager. And what I think you need to add is a lot more sophistication. And the way to do that is really by editing down and give it a polish. All right. I love the personality of your collection. I thought everything was unique, doesn't look like anybody else would make it but you. And, um, I think that's what being a true Designer is. It just looks like you put so much effort into every--every piece. I'm obsessed with that dress. Me too! I love it. We should go to a party together... We both wear it. I told him that last week. To me, it's costumey. I was surprised that you chose this look again today for the Runway. Because you remember last week how Nina wasn't really into this polka-dot dress and Michael wasn't really into this polka dress either? The only one that was into this polka dress was me, and now it's here again. Why would you choose this again? Well, I just feel strongly about how--once I saw Tina Marie walk in this dress that she gave such a life to it and such a beauty, elegance...And I felt that that was her dress. You had the same fabric in a top, and I think you had a little silvery metallic skirt with that? Uh, it was leather that I had painted. I loved that. Thank you. I thought that was great because you gave her a relief of legs...That helped that insane print. I liked the print. Mm-hmm. And I have to go back to the plaid pants. You know, I mean, she's wearing humongous plaid pants. They're crazy pants. Crazy pants. But that's part of your thing. But if you're gonna have that much print, well, then, a relief of skin. Um, I loved that top with the skull on it, and I loved the tunic dress. You do love, though, drama and theater, and that's something you should never lose as a Designer. It's just sometimes we verge into costume territory. But it was really cohesive, very you, and you had variety out there. Thank you. Mondo, why do you think you should be the winner of Project Runway? Well, through this whole experience, I feel like I've grown as a Designer. And not only that, I feel like I've grown as a person. I...Love myself so much more. And with that love, I'm able to create and move forward and, you know, be the best that I can be. You're gonna make me cry. Gretchen, why do you think you should be the winner of Project Runway? I too have grown, um...As a person while being here. I've learned a lot about myself and my goals. At the same time, I've listened while also staying extremely true to myself. And if I had the opportunity to walk away the winner, I could immediately make you proud. And the next step after Project Runway is getting people in my clothing, and I need help to do that. Andy, why do you think you should be the winner of Project Runway? Winning would be a really, really amazing dream come true because it means that...I gave it a start... The big dream, I think, the seed money and the chance to really take off, regardless of what happens today. Okay. We've heard what you had to say. We're gonna have a big chat, and then I'm gonna bring you back. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. Congratulations, everybody. Yes. You too. I can't believe we got through it all. That was an amazing experience. No matter what happens, I'm extremely excited and happy for whoever wins. It's truly a dream. It is a dream. Coming up on Project Runway... We're four people, and you have two people here that would actually wear this dress! Raaarr! I'm sorry, we're just split. I like to see you guys fight. Someone hand me my boxing gloves. We saw three Designers with three very different looks today. And they have all fought to get here. Oh, yeah, listen. They're talented, they're tenacious, and they're a bit scrappy. And quite honestly, you gotta be all three. I think the simple truth is they wouldn't be standing here as our finalists on Project Runway if we didn't think they were incredibly talented. My favorite piece of Andy's was the green dress that he whipped together in the last challenge. It's a fabulous dress. I did like that pleated silver top with the little shorts. And I like again the green little miniskirt dress. I really do love that one silver dress with the chains. I thought that was amazing. But I also wanted to see more of him. And I think he knew that he was playing it a little bit too safe--especially when you're in a competition. I would choose to be daring rather than to play it safe. We're not here to blend in. No. He needed to combine those pieces with some modern pieces or some Andy pieces. Well, yeah, exactly. He's done it before. We have seen him do edgy and cool and all that. Did you guys scare him? He might have been scared, and maybe he turned the wheel too far. Plus, I don't think that those crazy like...Celestial headpieces were helping. No. The only thing I have to say, though...When you really looked at the clothes, there was a lot of incredible work in the clothes. But I think the overall effect kind of numbed you out. And it...It had no oom, no bite. So I think we all agree that Andy is out. Yeah. I didn't think it worked. Yeah. Gretchen--I really like her. I really do, as a Designer. I would actually wear a lot of her clothes. She's got a good sensibility. She likes accessories. She makes those accessories herself. She's got a good eye. She's in tune with what's happening. She knows what's going on. Those clothes can work. They're on trend. You know, she stayed very true to the girl who she is as a Designer and a woman. But she listened to us. We said to her, you gotta polish this thing up, make it a show. And she did. I think there were some, you know, repetitive things going on with the rompers and the shorts, but she needed the legs. She needed the sexiness. She needed the sex. You have to accessorize it. You know, I think the hats help, the jewelry helped, the makeup helped. So did the clothes need help by accessorizing them the right way? You know, I think simple clothes do need the right accessories. The jewelry was really good. The accessorizing was really on, the hats. I think she's got a very good eye, which is very important. I think she does too. She's in tune with what is happening in Fashion now. Those clothes are current. I think the whole collection as a whole was memorable. It was a collection. You know what I like about Mondo? He has a little wink with his clothes. There's something that wows me when I see his clothes. He has incredible talent. He is extremely creative. I love the balloon dress. I thought that was really sweet but so sophisticated at the same time. I loved this colorful top. I thought that dress was cute. I like how he adds color to the plaid, and he kept the polka dots as something consistent through the show. My favorite look besides the first one, which I thought was adorable, was the strapless little dress. That tunic dress, that had an easiness to it that didn't feel costumey because you could picture it, you know, in real life. The talent is there. I don't know if he's at that point yet, though, where he knows how to edit and turn that talent into something that actually is really gonna work in real life. I think he showed that today with a lot of pieces. I think he had the wow pieces. I think he had the peaks and the valleys in his show. I think that he did show a lot of things that are very wearable. I think a black dress could have been his best friend. Mondo's definitely more of a show-stopper. He's been always true to himself. He gave us these patterns, and he gave them the loud splashes of color-- but we told him... And we praised him for it. No, no! I did tell him... And so did I. You're walking a fine line between those clothes looking like a circus act or really, you know, stepping it up and making them look sophisticated. I don't think he did listen to that. I think he's super-talented. Oh, I--no doubt! Super-creative. No doubt. But I think that he needs some time. Gretchen versus Mondo. I do think they're both equally talented. I vote to make them both the winners. They both had complete collections. I just think--where's Fashion going next...And what's newer? Well, with Gretchen and her Runway show, is she just gonna be more...Ready to wear? You know what, they're clothes that women can wear. How many different kinds of Designers are there in the world? There's John Galliano making a couture ball gown, and then there's Michael Kors. But what I show I make, and women wear. What about editorial? Both of them would be editorial--hers as well as his. I personally think that I would buy...More pieces from Mondo. I would too. I love fun things. I do! But you did want to wear all of Gretchen's jewelry. You liked it. I love the jewelry, yeah. But it's not a jewelry show. It's a Fashion show, and it's about like creativity in Fashion. But Heidi, it's very subjective. It's like food. Do you like Chinese or Mexican? Do you like Chinese or Mexican--what do you like? I like all of it. I think his clothes slant a little young. I don't see who this woman is. I can't figure it out. While hers has a little more of a range. If I were buying for a Department Store, I would look at Gretchen's. Because it's safer. Not because it's safer. Because I'm gonna be able to sell it! Most Department Stores are safe because it's about selling-- well, I need to sell clothes. But then who's gonna give us the fun and the excitement? There's plenty, trust me. Plenty out there. But it's a Fashion show, and that is... A Fashion show, not a circus show. Yeah, there's a difference. But it wasn't. I don't think it looked like a circus. It didn't look like a circus. If you take the pompoms off the head and you look at really what he's done, you can wear these pieces. Look at this print that he used with the shoulder pads on top. I've never seen that before. You can wear that with a black pencil skirt and make it very sophisticated. I know, but we're not here to restyle his clothes. I understand, I understand, because he's doing a Fashion show. I understand you're not supposed to restyle them. I'm just saying, as a customer, I can buy these and I can incorporate them in my closet and make them really wearable. You would not wear Mondo's opening blouse? Yes. But I would not wear the polka dot dress. I agree. I can't see you in the polka dot dress... And I realized after you said ten times that you don't love it, but I think that there are pieces in there that I could see you in, and it wouldn't be like, "oh, my God, is Nina crazy?" Of course not. I'm just judging from what's relevant, what I'm seeing in the industry now. I absolutely would wear Gretchen's clothes. I think that she is a great Designer. But at the end of the day, I still believe that Mondo is more special. I think he'll always be coming up with new ideas too, though, which is very important. Last season, Seth Aaron had the cousin collection to this, and in Fashion, it changes very quickly. Just like that. It's not about that. It's about her style right now. It is. It's not only about where Fashion is...This is about where it's going next. Yes, it's true. I think she's saying something different, and I think it's current. Wt is she saying? She's talking about an easy kind of sexiness. I think she's talking about a woman who's a little bit more down to earth. She is that woman that is speaking to this ease, to this casualness, very pared down, but it's speaking to the moment. I think we're in a sportswear moment. It's gonna stay that way for a while. She's thinking about all that. It's a design show. I think there's more design in her clothes. Why is that? When you have something that is simple and cut well, it's-- it's more difficult, actually. And I look at the dress that she had...Was her second look. I look at the jacket that she had as her first look. I look at this little top with the sliced sleeve and the third look. And the pant. Pant is great! But everything is loose. Hello! Read a magazine! Trust me, Fashion's changing, and she's on the vibe for what's next. I like those clothes too. I really do. It's just that they don't excite me. I'm still sticking with Mondo. I think that he could dress a lot of really interesting people. He has incredible talent. He is extremely creative. He is so adept at...Patterns and color... I just feel like we've been praising him for exactly what he showed us. No, we did not! No, I'm not, I'm just saying-- he's gotten to this point, and now we say it's not good. That's what it feels like to me. Did we film the last episode? Did I look at that polka dot dress and say, "cut the damn sleeves off, she looks like a polka dot barber pole"? Edit, edit, focus, edit. I understand what you say, but look, we're four people, and you have two people here that would actually wear this polka dot dress. Do you see my point? I want to see you wearing that polka dot dress, Klum. What, you think it's silly we actually would want to wear! I'm ready! Try it on! Wiggle right into that puppy, and you walk out there. Isn't Fashion selling a dream as well? Sorry! Isn't it selling a dream too? I think she's selling you a dream--it's just not your dream! Someone hand me my boxing gloves, please. I like to see you guys fight. We've never done this. We're just split in the middle. I'm sorry, we're just split. I mean, we just are. It's two totally opposite Designers. It's true. It--this is literally salt and sugar. I mean, they are--there's nothing similar at all. What do you prefer to eat? I'm a salty kinda boy. I am. I like chocolate. But who are we looking for-- the next couture Designer? Not necessarily. Or are we looking for someone who does very wearable? This isn't just about, you know, what we saw today. This is about finding the next great Designer. Andy, Gretchen, Mondo, one of you will be the winner of Project Runway. Andy, Gretchen, Mondo, you are the final three. And that is a huge accomplishment. You have all worked incredibly hard, and your talent was so clear in your final collection. Andy... Your collection was intricate and sophisticated. But we missed a little bit of what made your designs special in the past. They could have used more of your modern edge. We think that you are extremely talented, and know that you'll continue to refine your style and be a successful Designer. Andy, I'm sorry, you're out. Auf wiedersehen. Thank you. Thank you very much. There are no regrets that I have. I presented a collection that I stand behind and I really love. I set out to show who I am today as a Designer and my progression in a sophisticated collection, and I accomplished that. Oh, I'm just so glad you guys are here. It's good to see you. We love you. It was about getting to Fashion Week. From here, the opportunities are endless. And it's just the beginning of so many great things. I'm happy for whoever gets it. You guys are all good. I'm just so thankful for this opportunity. To make it to Fashion Week was the real prize. Gretchen, Mondo, one of you will be the winner of Project Runway. This was the toughest decision in Project Runway history. Gretchen, you really listened to us, and it showed. The collection looked polished and expensive. We think you often have your finger on the pulse of what Fashion is about now, and today was no exception. Good job. Thank you. Mondo, you have evolved so much during this process. Your collection felt fun and energetic, and your sense of humor truly showed through. You are a master with prints. You put on a terrific show today, and your creativity wowed us. We absolutely believe that there is a place in Fashion for both of your aesthetics. We have no doubt that you both will be successful, and we wish that there could be two winners. But there can only be one. Gretchen... You are the winner of Project Runway. Congratulations! Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Good job. Good job. Thank you. Mondo...I'm sorry. That means you're out. Thank you. Auf wiedersehen. Auf wiedersehen. You rock. Bye, guys. Thank you. I honestly believe that everything happens for a reason. This experience has just proven to me what I am capable of achieving. I started out so insecure and self-doubting. I'm really lonely. There hasn't been a connection with anybody. I feel like this has contributed to me as a person and as an artist so much more than I ever expected, and that is such a gift. You know, I didn't even want to be one of the three. I just wanted to be in the top three in the first challenge Look where you are now. I didn't win Project Runway, but I won so much more. And I couldn't be more grateful for this opportunity. Congratulations, Gretchen. This is crazy. It was a battle, and you won. Thank you. I'll miss you. I won Project Runway! My God, I needed this so bad in so many different ways. And I certainly know Mondo and I gave them hell. Now I truly, truly feel like I'm supposed to be doing what I'm doing. And how do you feel? Like $100,000! Congratulations. Congratulations. Thank you. It's the most exciting thing that's ever happened to me. Thank you. You know, I think you've grown tremendously as a Designer, but you've still stayed so true to your aesthetic. And I think the show today was really well, well done. Thank you so much. Bravo. Congratulations, Gretchen. This was a tough, tough deliberation, but I have all faith you can be a star. Thank you. Your designs are amazing, and I can't wait to buy them. And I know that my sister is gonna rock them impeccably. Call me, girl. I will. Let's bring out the family! You have a freshly new picked winner of Project Runway! I am over the moon! It's all good. There's also someone else that would like to congratulate you. Come out, Tim Gunn. Wow! Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. This money is going to take me places, literally. My stuff is in storage. I have no idea where I'm going. But now I at least have the ability to go. Much deserved, and what a journey, huh? What a journey. Yeah. Congratulations. We also have another winner. Millana, come on out! Congratulations. You are too a winner. Thank you so much. You will receive a Fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine and $25,000 from L'oreal Paris Studio Secrets Professional. Congratulations. It's so exciting. I got my first taste of Fashion Week and I certainly don't want it to be my last. I am extremely excited to find a way to get them next. -- sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 