Project Runway: Season 8, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Project Runway 
 s8e5 - There IS an 'I' in Team - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Project Runway (2004–…): Season 8, Episode 5 - There IS an 'I' in Team - full transcript 
 Competition reality series, where each week budding fashion designers face challenges and elimination as they compete for cash and prizes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on project runway... Your challenge is to create a look inspired by one of these works of art. Oh, my God. Having a flower as a hat? This is gonna be tough. The cut of the short, it really says diaper. Change it up. You have to. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ ♪ this is what harmony looks like. It looks effortless. It looks like you didn't have a plan with this dress. Michael costello, congratulations. You are the winner of this challenge. Really? I won. I'm so excited. What the ? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Like, really? Michael c on the top? Kristin, I'm sorry. You're out. This is project runway. The winner of project runway will receive $100,000 from l'oreal Paris to start their own line, a fashion spread in marie claire magazine, a $50,000 technology suite from hp and intel to create their vision and run their business, and the opportunity to design and sell an exclusive collection on piperlime.Com. The model paired with the winner of project runway will receive a fashion spread in marie claire magazine, and $25,000 from l'oreal Paris studio secrets professional. Gotta get up, you guys. Yup. A new day, and Michael c won the last challenge. I guess me too. You too? Well, I liked what I did. Michael c winning, I'm very confused about, because Michael c's skills were not in line with the rest of us. The win feels so good. I'm just happy that we're all still here. I feel really, really good about winning the Philip treacy challenge. But I would have felt a lot better if some of the designers were like, "hey, good job, mike, good job." I didn't really get that from them. I thought Michael c's was such a simple dress. Yeah, she really lucked out. Like, everyone else did dresses and elaborate stuff, and she did a diaper. It's Sad, peach. Nobody understood my diaper. I got the diaper. I'm so confused in this whole competition that the only thing I can do is just do what i do and then, like, not give a . You got a target on your back, and so do I. Hello. Hi. It's time for your next challenge. For this challenge, you will be working in two teams of six. Oh, my God. Wow. It's hard enough getting two people to work together. To put six people together? Crap, man. There will not be any team leaders, but you better be on the winning team, because the designer who's going home will be from the losing team. Michael costello, since you were the winner of the last challenge, you will get to choose your first teammate. I'm so glad I have immunity, 'cause I'm terrified about working in teams. Michael, who would you like to choose to be on your team? Gretchen. Michael costello is such a dumbass for choosing Gretchen. Do you want to hire Hitler? Seriously? She is gonna put her foot on everything that that team does. Let's see who will be the first person to choose from the second team. April. Crap. I don't want to be with Michael, but I'm really not crazy about being with April either. April, who would you like to choose? I choose mondo. Gretchen, you will choose the next person for your team. Christopher. I choose Michael d. I choose Andy. I feel really good that Christopher's there, Gretchen is on the team as well, so I already can see this team being very strong. Michael drummond. I choose Valerie. I choose Ivy. I choose the fantastico Casanova. Being twice in the bottom make me looks like I'm one of the worst. And in this challenge, I really want to prove to the other designers that I really deserve to be on the top. Ivy, who do you choose for your team? I choose a.J. Last one sitting. Peach, this is your team. I look over on the other side, and it's all of the self-proclaimed superstars. You know, people who won challenges, and they might as well be standing there with a superman pose. And I am on this team full of underdogs. Okay, are you all happy with your teams? Yes. I feel really good, because the team that I have is actually the best of the best. I think it's a cluster Of team members on the other side. All those egos over there are just gonna be butting heads. Tim is gonna meet you in the workroom to give you all the details of your next challenge. Good luck. And I'll see you on the runway. Let's get out of here, guys. Project Runway 8x05 There IS an ``I'' in Team Original Air Date on August 26, 2010 -- Sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- Good morning, designers. Good morning. I am delighted to introduce Peter Butler, consulting stylist for garnier. Good morning. Your challenge is to design a six-piece collection that is on trend for fall 2010. Oh, my God. An entire collection. Seriously. All right? We have concepts and textiles. You are to choose one from each column to form the core of your collection. Under concepts, we have minimalism, we have '50s retro and ladylike shapes, menswear for women, we have military. Within textiles and color story, we have gold or other metallics, we have camel, leopard and cheetah prints, plaid, of course, lace. We're presented with a board that, on one side, has a selection of styles that are going to be hot for fall 2010 and a whole bunch of textiles that are also hot for fall. We're to select as a group one fromac bring them together, and create our collection. Now just as there are trends in fashion, there are trends in hairstyles as well. This is true. And Peter is our garnier expert, and he's here to share what's on trend for fall 2010. Thanks, Tim. In fashion, hair is vital to complete the overall look. For fall, we're seeing hair length just below the shoulders, and, as for styling, we're seeing some trends that are voluminous, as well as softer, pulled-back looks. And garnier fructis will help bring your vision to life on the runway in the garnier hair studio. All right, I'm going to have the teams go off and sketch. You will have an hour. I want to encourage you to use your hp touchsmart notebooks. And then we're going shopping at mood, where you will have a team budget of $1,000. What? You know what, I've never spent $1,000 on fabric. I've never had that luxury. You have until midnight tonight and very little time tomorrow. So Peter and I are going to leave you, and you all sketch away. Bye. Thank you. I'll grab the board. The first thing I wanted to say in general was, like, we should respect each other so much and be kind and listen. We don't need that. Why did you bring that? I brought it so we can look. This is my opinion. Menswear for women can work for all of us. I agree. Leopard and cheetah brings in you. My idea initially was to do menswear, only because I think it's unexpected. I do not like the menswear, because I think it can go flat and dead very quickly. I like military, but it is really right now. Yeah. Really trendy. So we'd have to do a spin on it. Are we all cool with this? I think it's either those two. Let's do camel. I think that's awesome. So the concept of our fall collection is menswear as womenswear. And the color story of camel. Military, raise your hand. Okay, yeah, then it's military. Okay, I'm cool with that. And we don't have to make it straight-up military. No. I love design military stuff. I love lace. So for me, I feel like I'm like a fish in the water. I have--I have tailored pants and then I have, like, this vest-top mixture. Okay. Our team dynamic is we are gonna create our own looks. Okay, I was thinking for mine of doing this jacket with a double off-centered collar. I'm thinking I can play off of that, and, my blouse, I want to make it sleeveless with a riding pant. That's interesting. I'm doing the top kind of like that, except my chains are streaming out the back. We just wanted to make sure that there were details that kept it all cohesive. So are we doing cream lace or are we doing black lace? No, black lace. To me, black is good. Yeah. So we have six looks to do. So first let's pick pieces, and then we can break down who's getting what. Our team decides to delegate and assign projects to different people as opposed to doing an entire look. I could do the palazzo and draft the cigarette pant at the same time. Do it. We're assigning people who can do tailored things to do them. We're assigning people who do draped things to do them. Shirt dress is something I could handle. Okay. 'Cause I'm more of a dress designer. I think we're being really smart about it. It would be great maybe to do, like, maybe a winter short? That could relate to maybe the palazzo plant. Somebody want the palazzo pant? Let's analyze how we want that palazzo pant to look. Like, the other team has cuckoo drama, so what I think we really need to do is, like, tailored and, like, very clean. I can clean things up. And you did. You did in the last one. I do my shredded thing because I want to, and this isn't about me. This is about us. My strategy here is just try to make something that works and is cohesive. I mean, I could do something that's 100% me, but it's definitely going to stick out as not being a part of the collection. What about something like this? Look, look, look, look. Even with the Jersey fabric, we can do, like, a turtleneck. I'm sketching something of what I really see for this challenge... I got a fitted top, the drapey top. I don't like that. What about camel leather panels on the legging with the shirt dress? No one cares. Yes. I like that. But as soon as Gretchen throws an idea in... I'll give you a high-five on that one, Gretchen. They're like, "oh, yeah, I like that." So even though Heidi said there will be no leader, Gretchen has become the leader. You guys, I want this collection. I know. Me too. I think the only issue that we're really gonna run into is to make sure that Michael c is holding up his end of the deal. And please don't rely on your immunity for this, because we are counting on you also. You guys, I'm so proud of us. We're working so well together, it's blowing my mind. We don't have time for that right now. So you're doing notions. I'm notion boy. I'm doing lace. I'm doing the cream wool flannel. You guys need to tell me zipper lengths and how many. Peach. I don't know what color my dress is yet, because don't we need to coordinate that we're not all doing, like, a cream wool? Just do--I think do what you want to do. No, that's not how a team challenge works. That's not how a collection is. A collection is not five people doing cream with black accents. I think maybe peach feels a little insecure because she's been in the bottom, and maybe, you know, a lot of us in the group are a little more edgy. It's just--it's just there's a lot going on at this end, and i can't keep track of what everybody's talking about. Sit in the middle between mondo... No, no, I'm fine over here, but I'm just saying, this is no longer a collaboration. We're getting out of control. So far, nobody has taken on any kind of a leadership role. I think everybody in our group thinks we're going to be in the bottom and doesn't want to be the one going home. Coming up on project runway... I feel like that is too safe. Michael c doesn't know the fundamentals of creating a garment. You said you could do that, but it didn't work out. Ivy's gonna get it, and it's not gonna be pretty. Tell us what you want to do, and then we'll figure out how it all works. No, I'm not gonna tell you what I want to do. Everybody's got ideas, and rather than throw somebody out on the curb and say, "do whatever you want," how about just-- no, that's not what I'm saying. It's a little frustrating when peach is snapping at me, because she has no reason to snap at me. I mean, we're all trying to work together. Okay, no time for arguing. Let's-- our challenge is to create a cohesive six-piece mini collection with, you know, six different creative geniuses. We have textiles. Textiles. I feel like I kind of like a cashmere feeling. I do too. Me too. Yeah, this has to be luxe. With the camel, I feel like it needs to be really nice. Our name is team luxe. We all mutually agree on very rich, luxurious, tailored kind of menswear-inspired pieces. Gretchen, I love that idea. We've come to conclusions and agreements faster than I expected us to. Yeah. I think it's good. All right, designers. Aah! We're off to mood. Yay. All right, let's head off to mood, everybody. All right, designers, your 45 minutes begins now. Go team. All right, first thing we're looking for is wool crepe. We want Jersey, silk Jersey. I almost feel like it needs to be, like, a navyish Gray. I feel like it needs lightness. I feel like we need it to be relatable to that. Got it? All right, here we go. Whoo! Okay, okay. I got it, got it, got it, got it. Teamwork! This is ours. And this. Not that. So are we bringing this? I say we don't have time to deliberate. Let's just get this. Meet me at the stairs. Don't go anywhere but the stairs, Michael. I'm losing Michael. Michael! Michael! Michael c! 'Cause I'm gonna kill him. Here's the lace. This is the scallop. Okay, cool. You have two minutes remaining. Go get in line. Go get in line. Ugh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's go. Designers, time is up. ♪ We do whatever ♪ ♪ we want to ♪ ♪ we do it like we want to ♪ thank you, mood. Thank you, mood. Bye, swatch. I'm so excited. Our plan of attack is to start working on our pieces and draping. Before we cut, we want to make sure that everyone has the right amount of fabric that they need. I think we've got a good plan of attack. That's funny. It's kind of ironic, like military. Anyway, um... First look is Ivy. You're doing head-to-toe, right? Head-to-toe, except for the leggings, because I don't know how to do that. I'm gonna take her leggings. You only get to do one more. I want it distributed evenly. We're divvying up responsibilities. Everybody's kind of making a little bit here and there. Ivy's the only one that's making her entire look. Oh, my God, look. Love it. I so love it. This is so amazing. Girl, get over yourself. I'm glad you think it's beautiful. A little birdy told me that they saw the other team planning out their concept, and they're kind of doing it by pieces. I just think that's a recipe for disaster. It's like when you have diarrhea and vomiting at the same time. You're screwed. Yeah, this whole challenge is totally your style, April. What's that? This whole challenge is totally your style. I think it's so nice that we are all just as creative. I don't know if my opinion's changed about Valerie. I really don't trust her still. How is a.J. Doing? Have you guys checked in with him? I think he's sewing right now. I just want to make sure that... A.J.'S on track. I'm a little worried for a.J., just because I feel like his craftsmanship is still maybe not up to par. I am doing french seams on all the sheer fabric. It's probably some of the harder work that I've done. You don't like it? I thought you were gonna love it. I feel like that is too safe. I like the ruching you had. I thought it was a little more edgy. This button-up, that's like office. I'm making a nice lace blouse. Don't underdo it. 'Cause then we have to add on for you. In the past, the judges, they call my garment that it's too much drama, it's too busy. And in this challenge, I'm gonna still be Casanova, but softer. What if I do this and make this piece separate and wrap it? The cowl's supposed to be cut on the bias. So you don't need another piece. You look confused. I don't have the time to explain how something as simple as a cowl needs to be constructed. Michael c doesn't know the fundamentals of creating a garment. This needs to be curved, 'cause your neckline is curved. That doesn't look curved at all. This folds over. Folds over, right, and then you'd sew it together? Yes. Okay, I can do that. That's what you said the last time, and you didn't. What? That's what you said the last time, and you said you could do that, but it didn't work out. Ivy, she's gonna get it. I'm gonna explode, and it's not gonna be pretty. Um... Should we check with him? Being mean? Mm-hmm. Okay. So maybe we can, um... Coddle him a little bit? Let's get with him and just support and nurture his... We're not gonna win if there's one bad look. That's all I know. Michael c is a total timesuck. I feel like it's fixable, but maybe if it was like... More of a... Like that much. He doesn't know how to sew. I'm not playing no game over some boy that can't sew. It's becoming ever so clearer who's the weakest link that I'm starting to freak out a little bit. Coming up on project runway... This is looking very ho-hum. The zippers and the chains-- it's got to be cleaned up. I'm gonna be blunt. Casanova, it needs to be youthened up. It's . I'm Tired. Designers, Peter Butler has returned for your garnier hairstyling consultation. I want only two members of each team to consult with Peter. So it's military with lace? Yes. So it's masculine-feminine. Right, so we were thinking french braids kind of coming from the neck. And then some braids on the side so that we can kind of build up a mohawk sort of look. 'Cause that's kind of like military, you know? We want to keep it simple, but keep it messy, 'cause you always get messy in battle. There's one hairdo here. There's one here, and there's one here, and there's another one here, and a fauxhawk? Sounds a little complicated. Right. Do you know what I mean? So he gives us an idea of something different that's a little bit more soft, a little bit more similar to military, but still chic. The spray that I'm using, it's like a flexible control, so I'm not super committed. We can kind of keep playing. Right, right. Okay. Cool. I like that. Yeah, I do too. Fantastic. Yeah. All right, thanks so much. Thank you. Thanks so much, Peter. Good luck, you guys. Thank you. These are our models, and my name's Gretchen. Hey, Gretchen. What can I do for you? My only concern now that we're talking about it, 'cause it is a very feminine collection, is bringing the modern edge to it. And I see, like, really classic, beautiful, angelic, but, like, almost Hollywood glamour, like a low side part and kind of like a beautiful wave. Mm-hmm. The stylist suggested a modern approach to the old Hollywood glam, so it'd be more playful. I'm gonna use a tiny bit of the fiber gum putty. It just gives me a little bit more control. Wow. Uh. Perfect. Girl. But that's classic. And we're gonna win. Mm-hmm. Hello, design teams. Hi, Tim. Hi. I'm here to check in with you. I'm going to talk to you as a team. Oh, cool. And we're going to begin with team military and lace. How do you feel this is progressing as a collection? I think it's coming together. I feel really good about it. Yeah. Here's the risk with lace. It can look old. Yes. Very easily. So, mondo, talk to me about your look. Well, it's going to be a short with these pleated pockets. I have to tell you I'm crazy about the neckline and the sleeve detail. Crazy. Thank you. Thank you. Peach? The bodice part is going to come in in the Berry. So I'm bringing the Berry into mine. You're putting it on top? Oh, why? I really like it underneath the lace. Yeah. For me, this is more cohesive than putting it on top. Okay. Yeah, it makes it younger. Think about it. Valerie. Okay, she doesn't look edgy right now, but she will once I get all, you know, the zippers and the chain and stuff on her. The zippers and the chains? Yeah. I know. What does that sound like? All right, talk to me. So, um, this--this jacket's gonna be double-layered. There's gonna be another layer under here. And then on the back yoke is also all lace, so it will respond... Wow. I mimic these style lines just like mondo used and Valerie used. The seaming, it's got to be cleaned up. Right. This is gonna get a seam down the middle. Yeah. I notice that they're going for this, like, bordello, trashy something. It don't look like it's gonna be really lovely. Casanova? Well... When Tim Gunn comes to the workshop, I was pretty scared, because he always say something bad. It's a lace top. Kind of vintage with a gold sash. This is my back. I'm always doing back like open back and... I'm gonna be blunt, Casanova. Your look is looking like... The mother of these women. It needs to be youthened up. It's kind of frustrating. Once again, Casanova, you make another senior citizen garment. I don't know what happened with my taste. You all have a lot of work to do. Yes, we do. All right? Keep talking to each other. Keep helping each other. We will. All right? Work hard. Thank you, Tim. Thank you. Thank you. So, generally speaking, how is it going? So far so good. We have our concepts down. So I think it's a matter of constructing everything now. I feel like this is an authentic collaboration. And no one's really working on one single look on their own. Everyone's working on multiple pieces. So, Gretchen, let's start with you. So this is a princess-seamed kind of circle skirt dress out of a menswear camel stretch suiting. We're all doing roughly three pieces, and they all are within each other's looks. I'm actually incredibly surprised at how well-- but you're doing one piece. No, I'm also doing a grandpa sweater. I feel like I'm kind of in everyone, even if I'm not the one sewing. All right, well, Michael, why don't you talk? Well, I started out with just a cowl neck, and I kind of liked it, but everyone likes the direction that it's in right now. The drape is more pleasing. Yeah, the drape is more pleasing. Christopher. I have a cigarette pant out of this men's suiting, and then we have the blazer. You're doing it? Mm-hmm. Okay. I'm doing a printed top, and then it's going to be a blousanted sleeve. Oh, look over there. Isn't that boring? Like, my grandmother wouldn't even wear that. In terms of the items in your look, you're doing all of them? Yes. Okay. A.J.? I'm doing, like, a men's suiting, like, shirt dress. We're gonna do a woven belt. And are you giving this shirt dress details? Yeah. I think with the princess seam-- and sleeves? Yeah. Okay. You all are really ambitious. I mean, in terms of the number of items you're executing. I feel a responsibility to all six of you to say this, because I've met with the other team. And, by comparison, this is looking very ho-hum. I understand where Tim is coming from. However, I believe in us, and we can change Tim's opinion and execute it beautifully. After the critique, I get, like, lost. I realize I need to take a break and a deep breath. Casanova, he has, like, a major, major, major diva moment. Por que? The attitude? He said he wants to leave. I'm making Clothes for old ladies, sluts, flamenco dancers. No, you're not. What else they want to tell me? Casanova, if you don't finish your piece, you will lose, and then we will lose. So none of us can win. None of us can get immunity. And not only that... We're all counting on you. But I would like to just say that your stuff is breathtaking. It is. No one sews the way that you can. No one drapes the way that you can. Mm. It's beautiful. But nobody--who cares? Everything, it's a piece of . No, it isn't. Every That I make, it's a . I'm Tired. We're like, that's just baloney, man. Like, come on, dude, put your panties back on and do the job. Like, finish what you started. Maybe I need to take a break, because I'm on the verge to lose my mind. I know, and you know what? I'm Tired. Do you remember the-- i'm even getting fat. No. I was thinking, maybe this is not for me, because I'm not doing nothing good yet. Don't do anything until you get a little rest. Okay? We love you. New game plan, guy--where is everybody? Okay. Casanova wants to leave. What? He wants to leave, and we have to finish his dress for him. We are . I would understand if you want to walk out on your own challenge. But, like, there's five other people that depend on you. So if you don't finish, then we lose, and if we lose, one of us is going home. Coming up on project runway... If you don't turn this out, one of us is gonna go home. Oh, my goodness. The other side... They are cray-cray. Where the Is a.J.? Runway wars. . It's too late. We're not ready for you. Models. He's in the lobby. Maybe you can talk to him and bring him back, 'cause, like, he don't want to come back. Buena noche. Ti-ti. But I don't know what's going on. I'm gonna see if I can go over there. Okay. Yeah. Casanova. Hi. What's going on with the--the challenge? The only thing that they say is that it's for Old ladies, look like your mother, whatever, so I just need to take a break. All right, well, I just don't want you to let what other people are saying get to you. You know what I mean? You just have to do what you think is your best and what you think is beautiful, you know? My model sarae, she always have the greatest words. When I talk for a while, I feel better. It's your work. Maybe it's not something that everyone, you know, agrees with, but it's yours. And I just realize, oh, my gosh, she's like an angel. Maybe I just been so sensitive. A.J., do you have something your girl can try on? I restarted the back of my dress, so... No? But I feel good about the proportion. Where the Is a.J.? Restarted the back of his dress, so he's got nothing for her to try on. Not even the front? Where's the front? I'm pleating this blouse right here. I love the fit and the way it's falling. I had my blouse done, but the fit was so off. Michael, you have to make this work. I can make it work. It's kind of frustrating, because Michael is the weakest link, though he has immunity. Michael, you're gonna have to make it again. We better recut it, and it has to be on the bias. But do Twist the shoulder, so it feels sexy and little. Did you take it up already? Yes. There's a lot to do and things I know that a.J. And Michael can't do, and I'm a little disappointed. If you don't turn this out, one of us is gonna go home. Maybe I'm too old-fashioned for this show. I just can work with sluts and old ladies. I need to make it work. Finally I did. I don't know how, but I did. I think it looks cool. Go, go, go. What time is it? There's 30 minutes. Are you serious? I'm making pieces for every single look almost. It's starting to feel intense, and my heart's racing a little bit. I feel like we're in a really good position, because we are creative. We worked as a team. And the other group is all Gretchen. I woke up at 4:00 in the morning tossing and turning, and i wrote down a list of what we need to get done. It's time to go. Here we come, parsons. Here we come. Yeah. Yay. Brand-new day. Brand-new disaster. Okay, so I couldn't sleep last night, and I wrote us a to-do list with lipstick. We'll do the camel pant. Yes. This morning, we have a game plan. Everyone seems really refreshed and really geared up to just get it done. That's a perfect way to go about it. And then we're done. Perfect. And I think that's youthful. Is everybody cool with that? That's fine. Great. We can do this, guys. Yeah, I totally think we can. Oh, no, no, no. I like that. Just one? Yeah. I like it just on one. There is work to be done at this point. But I'm not worried about it, 'cause I think today's gonna be great. This is gonna be gathered. Do we need to write this down? Yes. Please, please, please. I need it four inches wide. 'Cause I'm gonna fold this over. And then it's gonna be the collar. I'm lost, babe. I'm lost. Come on, man. Despite the chaos and the craziness going on on our side of the room, I still believe in our collection. And I need one in each color. Got it. One in what color? White and Gray. Got it. At this point, I'm already done with my pieces. I want to be able to be there for my team. Oh, my goodness. The other side, they are cray-cray. I'm glad that we were separated on different sides, because there's no way I want to be in that cluster Mess. Good morning, design team. Good morning. Good morning, Tim. You know why I'm here. You have two hours to send your models to the garnier hair salon and the l'oreal Paris makeup room. I don't have to say very much about the piperlime accessory wall. Style this superbly, everyone. All right, I'm sending you your models. Thank you. I know that we'll pull it together. The hard part of it will be the time constraints. Does any of our models have-- do you do handwork? Sewing? I've never asked my model to sew anything. And I had to ask her to hem something for me. Wait. Is this-- they're supposed to be knotted together, right? No, no, no. Get to work, girls. We didn't have a team of six designers. We had a team of 12. Some of the girls were like, "is this the right blind stitch on these palazzo pants that you need?" Go do hair and makeup. Hi. How are you? Good morning. The hair and makeup is crucial to the look. Garnier is going to just do a really soft, wavy curl, like elegant feeling. This is eyen, and she's part of the military, so... And you're featuring the hair. Yes, well... It's working. Have fun. We're just kind of making it pulled back and a little messy, like they've been in battle. Runway wars. Hi. So we're doing a rosy fuchsia cheek, clean, pretty long-lashed eye. That's the thing. Hi, sweet potato. I don't have to worry about her, do I? You do not. Excellent. It looks great. Hi. Designers. Yes? In ten minutes, we're going down to the runway. Okay, we are really close. If we get these grandpa sweaters done... Go, Go. Okay. Collar's done. Yay. Yay, and it looks pretty cool. So our details are chains, black... Oh, my God, this is so cool. I think we're good, because i'm making those girls runway ready. Here it goes. I think the bad news bears are gonna pull it out. We just kind of came around like a thief in the night, and then it's like, bam, we just hit ya. You don't even know where it came from. Yup, but we're just gonna snip this off, and you're gonna be open. Looking at the other collection, it looked like everybody's has a relationship to each other, but it didn't have a flow. I feel like ours really actually looks like a collection. Designers and models. Ah, . Ready or not, we are going down to the runway right now. Just finish it. We've definitely taken on a more ambitious project, so it doesn't surprise me that we've got the winning collection. Ivy. We're coming. We're coming. I don't know if the other team stands a chance. Go, go, go. We are coming. Here we go. Yes. Just go. I think we're in really good shape to be on the top on this one. They have a sweater called the grandpa sweater. What the ? Is that it? Thank you, everyone. Coming up on project runway... It has no design. The colors are ghastly. Who was the weakest designer in your group? Someone's going down. That's the truth. Hello. Hi. As you know, in fashion, one day, you're in, and the next day, you're out. For this challenge, you worked in two teams of six. We asked each team to create a cohesive six-piece collection that is on trend for fall 2010. All righty then. Let's meet the judges. First we have cfda lifetime achievement award winner Michael kors... Hey, guys. Fashion director for marie claire magazine Nina Garcia... Hi, everyone. And designer and cofounder of marchesa georgina Chapman. Hello. Welcome. We will score your designs as they come down the runway. One person from the winning team will be the winner, and one person from the losing team will be out. All right, let's start the show. ♪ ♪ my design on the runway looks youthful and fresh. It's not as fashion-forward as I wish it could have been. But it is what it is. I thought maybe the chains and the buttons might have been a little too heavy. But it fits her like a glove, and I see the military without hitting you over the head. It's great. I'm really excited to see it come out. I mean, it's just so creative and so bold and so futuristic. I want to walk in it. I think it looks strong. It definitely stands out. It's very sophisticated and polished, but still edgy. I am a little nervous about the hardware. I wanted to be in keeping with all the other designers on the team, so I added hardware, but, you know, I think it's a minor detail that they might have a problem with. When I saw my model on the runway, she was stunning. And the hair was awesome. The blouse flawless. The pants hot. This is one of my favorites, guys. I want these pants. As my piece comes down, I can see georgina really staring at it, and it makes me really happy. When I look at the other team's collection, I really dig the elements individually, but it doesn't read to me as a true collection. It looks like six individual designs. I'm very amazed and very surprised and very proud of my team. I think we did a great job. ♪ ♪ I'm happy. I mean, I feel like our collection is cohesive. I still don't see myself anywhere in this, but I kind of figure that, with how strong the tailoring is in our collection, that I won't have to worry about it. I really focused on making sure I had a tailored, well-made menswear outfit, 'cause that's what menswear is. Menswear is about tailoring. I think it looks sexy. I think she looks tall and beautiful. The hair is wavy and bouncy. And I thought my pants look amazing. It all looks like it came from the same place. It all looks like it has the same point of view. I think our collection has executed the challenge completely. I'm impressed with what we pulled out, especially with the amount of time that we had. I know we had 21 pieces that we made for our collection, and that's kind of ridiculous. I like the colors. These are colors that I know a lot of women wear. Very polished and, right now, I'm just looking between the model's legs so I can see across to the judges' faces. Do they like this? Do they not like this? What are they thinking? I don't think fashion means just costume and go big and tons of embellishments. It also means thoughtfulness and minimalism and not always in your face. We together thoughtfully created this collection. We worked as a team. Nobody slit anyone's throat. And we put together a line. Mondo, peach, April, Valerie, Casanova, Michael drummond... Oh, my God. Congratulations. You are the winning team. Yes! I am absolutely ecstatic to see kind of the misfit team come through and take over the giants. Yes! Thank you. We're done. We're done. Thank you. One of you will be the winner of this challenge. That means you are the losing team. One of you will be out. We're gonna talk to the winning team first. And then we're gonna call you back out. You can leave the runway. Thank you. I'm a little surprised. So am I. I'm really, really shocked right now. This sucks, man. It sucks. I can't believe this is happening. I know. It feels really-- it feels incorrect. Congratulations again. Thank you. Who would like to talk first about your look? We really wanted to make sure that this collection was a good balance between hard and soft. We wanted to make sure it was feminine and edgy. But we also wanted to make sure that we each had our own voice in it while still creating a very cohesive collection. I'm really proud of each and every one of us. I like this collection. I feel like it's young, it's fun, it has a spirit. There's some color in there. Each garment, it is very cohesive, but each has its own attitude, which I really like. And each design, you can see, comes from a different person, but it will work so well together. So well done. The only thing that made it a collection, if it was one, was the lace. Yeah. I really think that ours was a lot more cohesive. And ours told a story. I think it's kind of cool that, like--like, when I look at it, it doesn't look like really any of us. No. And I think that's a project runway first. It's a tricky kind of balance to find military with lace and not make it look like a costume. And I think these clothes are the kind of clothes that women are gonna want to wear. I love the fact that there's the versatility factor. I think you guys worked on accessorizing and styling, and it shows. I think you guys did a really great job. The hair styling is perfect. Spot on. I also love the hair. I think they all look hip and modern and edgy. I think they all look good. Thank you. Who is responsible for white pants and lace top? Casanova. I love that look. That I would do as is. I thought that it's super chic. It's hot. I want to be that girl. I have to tell you, Casanova, today, caring about couture quality, today, you needed it. It works. The workmanship really shows. And who did the blue skirt with the top? I did. The edging on that blouse beautiful. So, again, kudos. Thank you. Appreciate it. Good job. It's one of the best things I've seen from you. I love to hear that you worked very well as a team. We did. It shows. This is a decision I think we have to make right now about either going up there and saying a name or saying, "we did this together." I think we should-- I mean, I hope that we should go down and stand as a group. I do too. I think that, no matter what happens, it'll make you feel better when this is over. And I hope that nobody's saying that right now and then we go down there and you're gonna, you know, flip a switch and-- I mean, nobody in this team is like that. I can't. No, it's not in my soul. Yeah, me neither. You have my word, everybody. Mondo, who do you think should be the winner on your team? I would have to give it to Casanova. Valerie? I think it's one more for fantastico Casanova. Casanova, who do you think? For me, peach should be the winner. The top is the best garment I ever seen from her. Okay, we've heard what you had to say. You can leave the runway. Thank you. Hell, yeah. Yay. Good job, guys. Oh, my God. Good job, guys. Good job. I'm so glad that's over. That feels so good. Don't you, though? The six of you represent the losing team. And one of you will be out. The six of you represent the losing team. And one of you will be out. In your group, who would like to tell us about your collection? It was really important for us to thoroughly and truly collaborate rather than create designs individually. What we felt like that would allow us to do is enable everybody's strengths to come out and be supported where our weaknesses were. So rather than have six looks that maybe reference the same thing come out, we could have six looks that were, to us at least, cohesive. You were saying you didn't want to show some of the weaknesses. So who was the weakest designer in your group? I--see, that's the hard thing, is we all have such different processes. And I hope you can be mindful of that when you make the decision you have to make, because we worked really hard. And I don't think there was a weak link. We all tried really hard. And I know that you have a lot to tell us, but I just really want you to think about that, that we all just really did the best we could for each other, for ourselves individually, and for you. It's like having a baby and someone saying it's ugly. I think it's beautiful. I think we all think it's beautiful. Six designers. One of you has immunity this week, and that is Michael. So one out of you five will be out. Can I say one last thing about that? I ask for you to be mindful of who you want to see more from. We think that's the fairest way for you to choose, 'cause we're not going to choose. We stand United. And we think that's the best way that you can walk away from this feeling as confident as we are, regardless of who has to go home, that that was the right person. Quite frankly, fashion is a tough, competitive business. So it's very commendable that you guys have this team effort, you know, going on, but I don't know if it'll work for you, because I think it took some of you down a notch and probably raised a few of you up a notch too. But you just ended up with vanilla boring. I can understand why you did it, because you wanted to be cohesive, but I think you've lost individuality in this. And I think you've tempered it so much that you probably lost any of your flairs. But I really think that's where you tripped yourself up. The biggest problem is this proportion. I mean, almost every single outfit has a proportion problem. It just doesn't have any sex appeal. It has no design. The colors are... Ghastly. I think the biggest thing that perplexes me, quite frankly... You're team luxe. And I don't get any luxe out of this at all. There's no lushness to this. It's all very flat. To me, this look is the worst. Well, it's the wackiest. That, to me, is the worst. Who made this look? I did. That's my look. Is your look. The golden girl vest is just... The vest... That vest with those granny shorts. It's just unfortunate. Really unfortunate. What I would love to know is who made this shiny number over here that is a little bit air hostess. I-I did the shirt dress. With the horseback riding pants. I wanted to show you, even if you don't like it, that I can do somewhat tailored clothes. I don't just make these crazy, outrageous looks. It felt like, for me, an appropriate time to do it. But there's no scale. There's no volume. Is it tiny? Is it big? Is it something? It's just nothing. Is it interesting? It's not interesting. Is it hot? Is it fashion-forward? What is it? We very late in the game realized that grandma had arrived. And so... That's not how you felt when you came out here. No, it wasn't. Well, we were trying. I mean... So who styled each and every--I mean, I understand that you guys all had different hands. I'll take responsibility for styling, but I also feel like I had to style maybe a crappy collection where I was, like, trying... To save it. To save it. What do you mean you're trying to save it? Before, you loved it. Right. I agree with Heidi. You said you loved it. Yeah, what do you mean you're saving it? Well, I think we loved-- I mean, I feel like-- Gretchen, you are a sportswear head. Since this is so your world, then who had the hardest time where it isn't their world? Who do you think had the trickiest time dealing with this? Um, I think Michael did. So I helped him a lot. And, Michael, it's the jacket? No. No, he did the cowl. The cowl--the blouse-- he's a draper. I personally think it's a really pretty blouse and has a nice back. Can we see the back then? Perfect. I do have to say that, out of the group, Michael's technical skills, I feel, were the weakest, so I had to work with him so much that I had no time to focus on what makes me strong. So, like, the things I made I had to make at the last minute all the way around, and I'm not proud of them. It's amazing how your tune has changed from when we started this conversation. I feel like we all just tried our hardest, and we don't know who to pick, 'cause nobody was on their game. There's not like a "you were the worst on your game." It was, like, everybody sucked. And... It's true. Ivy, who do you think is the weakest designer on your team? Objectively speaking, I think probably each and every one of us took a lot of our time to help Michael out. See, Michael has immunity for this week. Right. There's five designers standing here. Out of these five designers, who is the weakest designer? I would say no one. Christopher, who do you think is the weakest designer? I would agree with Ivy and Gretchen that, in this challenge, Michael had not the strongest skills. A.J., what do you think? I think that all I can speak for is myself. The place where I personally was weak was not bringing my fun and unusual style into this collection. Andy, what about you? I agree with my team members. I did think that Michael had the least amount of skill sets. It's always easy to point the finger at the one that can't go home. Meanwhile, he was the one that won the last challenge. And he was really, really good and really, really talented. Thank you. Thank you very much. I feel like you're asking for a martyr. I don't want to leave just because I say pick me because I guess I failed too. Gretchen, someone's going down. I don't want to go home. I don't think it's my time. I've shown you what I can do and the direction that I'd like to show you more. And I mean, I really feel like Michael was our weakest link. And the thing is, I don't know if it's laziness or just ignorance. But Michael has immunity for this week, so this is all a waste of time. We're talking about the five of you over here. Mm-hmm. We have to make a decision today who is going home. At this point, I don't think we have a clear answer for you. I think you'd have to go by what you know of us individually. You know that's not how it works. I do know. This isn't about past history. It's about what we're looking at today. That's the truth. If that's the case, then I feel like you need to know what we all made. That would help. I'll go through mine. Hit it. I made the awful '80s dress. Is replicative of Andy's blouse. I made the biker jacket. And I started to work on and finish this one, and Christopher finished this one. Okay. I made the blouse, the vest, the shorts. I did the blouse and the skirt. And then I did the blazer at the end. I made the camel trousers, these cigarette pants with the back zip. I did the shirt dress, um, which took up most of my time. So. Okay, we've heard what you had to say. We're gonna have a little chat. Or a big one. And then we'll bring you back out. You can leave the runway. Thank you. Wow. God. Okay. You guys don't want to talk about it? I'm not gonna talk about it. Was there, like, some arguing or? Well, no, it just came down to eventually they were like, "who do you think's going home? You have to pick." I mean, I feel like, for the most part, people were pretty honest about how they felt. And I think some people just got their feelings hurt, but... Did they ask you guys to pick people that you would send home? Yeah. Who did you guys each pick? I said I could only speak for myself. They asked us what the weak link was, and he has immunity. Why did you guys pick Michael as your weakest link? Because we had to spend a lot of time showing him how to do things rather than relying on him. Do you agree with that, Michael or... Not really, but there's not much I could say. If that's how everybody feels, then I just agree with it. I mean, I just--we can keep talking in circles about this. We just failed. All right, let's talk about the winning team. A lot of these designers have been in the bottom. Mm-hmm. So it was great to see that they really stepped it up a notch and made a real interesting show today. It was fun, interesting. Cohesive. It worked well together. Hard and soft. Sexy. And I can imagine the girl wearing that. It was modern. You could see someone on the street wearing it. Yeah. And I think, within the team, everybody expressed themselves, but in a manner that didn't hurt anybody else. And I think that's a really great thing. I have to say, I'm so excited for Casanova. He just completely turned it all around. The other surprise was peach. Yeah. She entered modern times. They surprised us period from front to end. Well, they were the underdog. Yeah. Let's talk about the losing team. Okay. This was actually a really good group, and I thought that they were really gonna come up with something amazing. And they were so weak. I mean, piece after piece. And it really was--none of these pieces were attractive, interesting. They were the farthest thing from luxe that I've ever seen to be honest with you. It was really horrifying. Gretchen had a lot to say. Gretchen had too much to say. Well, and Gretchen changed her tune pretty fast from "we were so proud, we love it, we love it" to... And three minutes later, "this is garbage." Yeah. "I didn't have time. I was too busy working on everybody else's." Well, certainly easy, of course, you know, to throw-- to throw someone under the bus who has immunity. Okay, Michael c. Let's pick him. Michael c. "He doesn't know how to sew. He doesn't know how to drape. The guy's a loser. So we're just gonna Chuck him under the bus." When you think about what Ivy made, I mean, that look was unbelievable. It was hideous. That vest was hideous. That vest with those shorts. And then a.J., first off, he totally gave up his design aesthetic today. I mean, everything that he's about as a designer, which is fun and witty and joyful, and he made the least amount of pieces. He made one piece. It seemed to me almost... Even though there wasn't a team leader, that Gretchen was the team leader. It seemed like she did have the whip in her hand and told everyone what to do. She was driving that bus it seemed like to me and everyone that was afraid to open their mouth. But in fact, if you were the leader, then you negated your own personality and taste in this. It's like--so, I don't understand. Were you just bossing everyone around? Was that your job today? They designed all with their hands being handcuffed together. That's the saddest thing about the whole thing. Well, it's like jumping off a bridge, and everyone's like, "well, I'm gonna drown. Let's drown together." Yeah. I mean, you've got to be smart. You've got to be self-sufficient. Yeah. They weren't. All right, so we've made our decision? Okay, let's bring them back out. One designer from the winning team will be named the winner, and one designer from the losing team will be out. One designer from the winning team will be named the winner, and one designer from the losing team will be out. We have to pick one winner. And that winner... Is Casanova. Congratulations. You really stepped it up. Your teammates loved your look and so did we. You've been listening to us. Thank you. Okay, winning team, you are all in. You can leave the runway. I wasn't expecting, like, to win the challenge. But when Heidi say that, she make my night. Congratulations, Casanova. Congratulations. Well, it's not about me. It's about all together. The six of you represent the losing team. And one of you will be out. Michael, you have immunity today, and, therefore, you're in. You can leave the runway. Thank you. Good luck. Hey, Michael. Hey, Mikey, what's up? Hey, guys. Well, we know you're safe. I'm safe, but I just feel, like, really, really sad about everything, guys. Like, everybody was just going after me out there, and it just felt like . It felt so bad. It really hurts. Christopher. You're in. You can leave the runway. Thank you. Ivy... You're in. You can leave the runway. Thank you. Andy. U're in. You can leave the runway. Thank you. A.J., Gretchen, one of you will be out. Gretchen, you did the most backpedaling. It seems like to us that you made a lot of the decisions on this team. And most of them were unfortunate. A.J., you spent most of your time making an ill-fitting flight attendant shirt dress that opened your team's runway show and, unfortunately, set the tone. Gretchen... You're in. You can leave the runway. Thank you. You're safe. Yeah. Barely. I knew that you wouldn't be out. Yeah, but they called me-- they called me out. I take responsibility for the things they called me out. I'm sorry, a.J. That means you're out. Thank you guys so much. I appreciate it. Auf wiedersehen. Bye. Thank you. I don't think I deserved to go yet. I would have felt better going if I had left for something that was my point of view, and it's a really hard and big pill to swallow to know that you're going home for something that doesn't have a trace of you in it. The only regret that I have is that I--there's not any of me in what I went out for, but... Sit for a minute, a.J. I have a few words for team luxe. I fundamentally do not understand your behavior and demeanor and affect on the runway. I don't get it. I don't know why you allowed Gretchen to manipulate, control, and bully you. I don't understand it. And, a.J., you've taken the bullet, and now I have to send you to the workroom to clean up your space. Whoa. Tim's kind of right in what he says, and I don't think Tim just says things just to say. I think it kind of made all of us have an "aha" moment. We're gonna miss you. I'll miss you too. I'm not a manipulative person. And it really, really hurt my feelings to have Tim say that to me, because I just wanted to help, and, in the end, a.J. Said he wanted to make a shirt dress. It didn't have to be a boring shirt dress. He could have made any type of shirt dress. It's sad to see a.J. Go, because it was Gretchen's fault. You're still gonna give 'em hell, baby, I know it. You always do. And she manipulated him. And she should have been the one going home. I feel like that this is an amazing experience, something i'll never forget and something that's going to make me a better designer in the future. Next time on project runway... It's time for your next challenge. You will have new models and quite a task ahead of you. I'm My pants. It's way too much. It's like a great, big, oversized bra. I am freaked out. I have a little surprise for you. It's pretty bad now. And it just got worse. Yay! You're trying to make her look like she's at the church bring a pot dinner. Your look was not in the least bit flattering there's nothing sexy about it at all it's not good. -- Sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 