Project Runway: Season 8, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Project Runway 
 s8e11 - A Look in the Line - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Project Runway (2004–…): Season 8, Episode 11 - A Look in the Line - full transcript 
 Competition reality series, where each week budding fashion designers face challenges and elimination as they compete for cash and prizes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Project Runway... Designers, you will be creating a textile design that will be placed on fabric, and that fabric will become part of your garment design. I'm about to send in some special guests. Oh, my God! Oh, my freaking God! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, my God, mom! Oh, my God! It's looking like an ice-skating outfit. Seeing my mom took me way off my game. This looks literally like paper that you just went--boosh! There's a sharpness to it, and it has joy. I wish I knew what the story was. These pluses are positive signs. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I've been HIV-positive for ten years. Thank you for sharing that with us, Mondo. I feel a lot better. I feel free. Mondo, congratulations. You are the winner of this challenge. Thank you. Thank you. I'm sorry, Valerie. That means you're out. This is Project Runway. The winner of Project Runway will receive $100,000 from L'Oreal Paris to start their own line, a fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine, a $50,000 technology suite from HP and Intel to create their vision and run their business, and the opportunity to design and sell an exclusive collection on piperlime.com. The model paired with the winner of Project Runway will receive a fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine and $25,000 from L'Oreal Paris Studio Secrets Professional. Project Runway 8x11 A Look in the Line Original Air Date on October 7, 2010 -- Sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- [Groans] How's my hair? [Laughing] You look psychotic. Yeah? You look kind of like Edward Scissorhands. Yeah, I've won three in a row now, and I'm excited. Can you hear that? Exactly. [Laughing] That's so [Bleep] up. That's [Bleep] up. [Chuckles] Oh, just for weeks, I got woken up by two girls giggling. Valerie can talk too much. It was always about what was going on in her head. I need to focus on me sometimes too. Yeah. How do you feel about there being two girls left? It's just super real. Stakes are high. I don't even like steak. That's deep, Mondo. The final six-- so now I'm thinking, "you know what? I have as good of a chance as the next person." Let the games begin. I was in the bottom last week. I need to redeem myself. Let's make it to the top three, bitches. d Top three, bitches d [suspenseful music] Hello. Hello. All: Hi. Before we talk about your next challenge... We feel that you have gotten maybe a little bit too comfortable with your models. So with that in mind, for this challenge, all of you must change your model. Let's bring them out. Hopefully, my next model will be just as inspiring as Eyen. My model, Cassie, has been like my other half here. This really sucks. Mondo... You were the winner of the last challenge, so you get to choose your new model first. Tina Marie, I'd love to work with you. Christopher. I've always loved the way Alexandra walks and her height, so I would love to work with you. Andy. Lenka, I would love to work with you. April. Rose. Michael. Cassie, you'd better bring me that fierceness like you do for Andy. Gretchen. Milana and Eyen are left on the Runway. You decide which one of them will be in and which one will be out. I think I'm gonna go with Milana. Eyen, I'm sorry. That means you're out. Auf wiedersehen. [Softly] Bye, Mondo. Bye. Bye, Eyen. I'm sorry. I just feel for Eyen, 'cause i know that she probably felt that if I made it to fashion week, she was gonna go with me. Not the case. For your next challenge, I will be your client. I want you to design a head-to-toe look for my line for New Balance. For this challenge, I'm feeling pretty good. Fashion activewear, here we come. I'm excited. I'm really excited on this one. In order for you to know what the design aesthetic is, I have brought six of my looks so that you can get a better idea. Looking at the collection, i'm a little worried, because there's no prints. There's no color, really. So this could be a hard one. I'm providing you with some fabric. And you can also shop for some other fabric at Mood. The winning design will be produced and sold as part of my line exclusively on Amazon.Com. Cool. Exciting? All: Yeah. [Laughter] That's great. The winning look's gonna be sold on Amazon.Com, which is really, really cool. And it's being sold as part of Heidi's personal collection. So I'm really excited about that. Good luck, and I'll see you soon. Bye. Bye. Heidi wants something that's Runway wow. I've never designed athletic wear. [Sighs] I'm nervous. It's a tube. Ooh, a batwing dress with a zipper. I've never made activewear. It's definitely tricky. When I think activewear, i think really, really comfortable, chic-looking clothes. I don't really have a plan. I am just going to pull something out of my ass. Looking through these designs, they're very retail-driven and very basic. All right, Designers, your sketching time is up. So are you all ready to head off to Mood? Sure. Sure. Let's go. All right, Designers, you have $100, and you have 30 minutes to shop. So use your time well and go. All of us found each other in the same aisle. Hey, everybody. It's like you're picking out fabrics, and you want to pull things before someone else grabs it. [Grunts] I'm not too concerned about it being the exact same material that she has in the collection. I'm justoing for a color wave that speaks to me. >> Scusi, scusi. I'm gonna pull some chiffon, some jersey, and knit in neutrals, grays, light gray. Everyone, time is up. Let's head back to Parsons. Let's go, go, go. Thank you, Mood. My activewear pieces are a little different. I'm doing a jacket that's sportier and a pair of pants that is interesting, as opposed to just being a legging. I chose to do the long maxi dress. It's very asymmetrical. It's old kimono sleeve. I'm confident about the look. It's gonna be really cool. You know, I think a lot of the other Designers are really paying attention to Heidi's line. And so there's a lot of, like, oversized things. I didn't wanna do that, so I did something a little bit more cropped and different silhouette and a box. This one should be... Pretty easy. Do it. That's her stu. I'm gonna try to make a jacket. I don't know if it's really her, but I definitely think it's something that's missing. The one thing that does seem very clear about Heidi's collection is that it's not meant to be exercised in. Look who I have. Hi, everybody. I don't like Heidi in the workroom. I don't know if it's because she's the one that says, "you're out," or not. But it just wigs me out a little bit. This is quite an honor, Heidi. We're thrilled to have you here. I love being here. So listen to everything Heidi has to say and synthesize it, all right, everyone? Hi. Hi, Heidi. One little piece of business, we literally learned this seconds ago... Yeah. Your model, Alexandra, has a family crisis. She will not be returning to the show. Oh, no. We're bringing back Eyen, who was Mondo's former model who was out. It's a make-it-work moment for you. And I know you will. Yes. Did you come up with anything? I wanted to do something kind of drapey in the back. I'm a little concerned for Christopher. The look that he's working on right now is just a little flat. When the armholes are this open, how is this gonna stay up here? And have a bias strip across to hold it up on her shoulders. But the nice thing is, is that it's so open. Remember, this line will be sold on Amazon.Com. I think you have to think about busy women. They're shopping. They're moving. They still wanna be hip. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Christopher. >> Tschus. How's it going here? Uh, pretty good. How do you get into this? Just slip it on. What size is this? Size six. That's a size six? Yes. It's a cropped... Mondo's incorporating pink and purple into his design, but without his use of print, his stuff is very dulled down. If you took the prints away, it could look like Ivy did it. Do you see me going shopping in this? Yeah, why not? Dropping my kids off and running errands? Sure, why not? I would. Okay, she takes this off, and then this tunic dress that is see-through--what is she wearing under this? Again, I... She wears a bra, and you see it? And you get into this hole? Yeah. You do? Yes. I haven't done a fitting yet. Would you like to try that on as well? Why not? I'm here. Are you rolling eyeballs, Mondo? Nope. There's no way I can get in it. Look. Yep, I can see that. There's no way. All right. Maybe a little yorkie will fit through that hole. Maybe I'll dress my dog in it when I get home. I don't know if I should cry, if I should feel bad, because this is not your client. This is your boss. There's no reason for you to be rude. I am not being rude. Really? No, I'm being hurt right now. Why? I'm just telling you what my worries are. Well, that's why it's great to have this feedback now. So I can start all over. Better now than 10:00 at night. Right. Thank you, Mondo. Thank you. Hello. Hello. I think this looks, already, very nice. It's a very good start. Thank you. Take the inspiration that you got from my pieces and take it to the next level. Okay. You know, just being here and dealing with these other personalities, dealing with the challenges, it's, like, so much. And these final weeks, it's just building up, building up. So that critique with Heidi just was the icing on the cake. Coming up on Project Runway... I have to make this in my fabric. I don't want you wasting time about the fabric. Get it out of here. Oh, God. Not again. Emotionally, I'm just drained. Just, like, half the day's gone, and I have to start over. I think to have your voice, you have to be unique and have different silhouettes in this competition. And, like, I got reamed for it. It's about you designing and speaking in your voice. Don't let this go. I really feel like you could probably win this entire thing. You're so talented. I don't know. You know, it's so much harder than you think. You watch it on TV, and you always feel like you can do so much better. But it's just really hard. Hey, April. Hello. Hello. Okay, so I decided to go asymmetrical and then keep kind of similar style lines that you have within the collection, but kind of make them a little more abstract. I do love this side. I think it's too busy here. Okay. Wider, fewer lines... Or one big black panel. Awesome. Thank you, April. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. I'm doing a jacket that's incorporating both chiffon and this double-layer Jersey. I thought maybe this could translate into the cashmere. But they will fall completely different. So why don't you just make it out of the fabric that is in the line so it goes with the rest? As far as I was concerned, part of it was showing you what we could do with your fabrics, and part of it was showing you what we could bring to the table. You're totally supposed to do that. But if this is the winning piece... Mm-hmm. I have to make this in my fabric. See, I feel like this is gonna be a smart-enough design that... But my point is, why would you not make it in that fabric, then? I just feel like we're talking a lot about fabric, and I wanna talk about-- but it's because Heidi-- but it's actually real. Yeah, there's a warehouse filled with this fabric. I don't want you wasting time about the fabric. I wanna win. So if that's--if this is a major concern, it's out. I will use that fabric. Get it out of here. Gretchen was coming on too strong. She can't take criticism. This is kind of something that I always love on my leggings. It's a little ruching on the butt. I'm not sure about the Curly butt. Okay. Gretchen can be very demanding and disrespectful, and she doesn't realize it. Okay? Thank you, Gretchen. Tschus. Thank you. Unfortunately, I think I'm gonna have to scrap my material and use this bolt of Gray sweatshirt material that everyone's using. I'm pretty bummed out. Hi, Michael. Hi. What're you working on? I'm working on a poncho dress jacket with an oversized hood. I chose to just do, like, a really light gray trim around, kind of to bring in the same elements that you have in your line. I hear Michael C's critique. He's doing super-simple stuff, no patterns involved whatsoever. Cut out two pieces of fabric, tube 'em together with a serger, and then pull a string up the ass, which is all he can do. He's very speedy, Michael is. He's very fast. And that for someone who has no idea how to sew. It's amazing. Who was it again that said that you can't sew? Oh, I forgot, she's not here anymore. Thank you, Michael. Thank you. All right, everyone. I hope you all agree this has been an invaluable visit from Heidi--fabulous you. But... The big "but..." I would like to see from each of you two additional looks. I'm stoked. So altogether, three looks. Three looks. Looks-- head-to-toe looks, looks, looks. You know what? I'm not really paying attention. I'm completely blocking her out of my life right now. I have my back towards her, and i don't really care. But you don't have to do all of that by yourself. I'm gonna send all of you some help. I just wish she didn't say we would have help, because i think I would feel a little bit better to do this whole entire challenge on my own. I really would. All right, everyone. You will have 20 minutes to sketch. Then we're going shopping at Mood, where you will have a $200 budget. You can also buy fabric for the look you're working on, because Heidi's critique may have caused you to recalibrate your thinking about it. And you will have until midnight tonight, and you'll have all day tomorrow, and as Heidi said, you'll have help. And all I wanna say... [Imitating Tim] Make it work. [Laughing] Make it work. Make it work, everybody! Make it work! Come on! This is [Bleep] crazy. I'm sketching a fashion legging, in case she doesn't have many options for bottoms. I don't know. This is the most overwhelming challenge we've had so far. It's just got, like, my stomach upside down. It's so much. Designers, this is a time to rally. And believe me, the power of positive thinking will help you do that. All right, let's head off to Mood. All right, Designers, go at it. Is this crazy? Do you think she's gonna hate it? I think you're pushing the boundary too far. Can I get some of this, please? I am going crazy. I found a color story that i fell in love with. It's starting to turn into the Michael Costello collection and not the Heidi Klum collection. Like, a white kind of scales, stretched like snake skin or something? Don't. Okay. Apparently, I have no idea what i'm doing. Any direction I feel I can go, Tim says don't. I honestly have no idea what to do. All right, everyone, that is it. Time is up. Thanks. [Mumbling] I hate this. I hate everything about it. I'm sorry. Hello, everyone. May I ask you to gather round, please? Designers, as Heidi said, you will receive help for this challenge. At this point in time, I will take anybody. And I'm sending in your help. Ah! Hi! The doors open. Here they come-- the past, the people who all hate me. Hey, honey. [Overlapping chatter] Oh, God. Not again. I won't be able to do this. Coming up on Project Runway... I know that the chaos is right around the corner. [Imitates Turkey call] I'm still in shock that I'm still here. Why, because you cheated? Tired, worn-out final six... There are six fresh faces for you. I'd rather be gone than work with all the people that's in the room right now. Bring the moms back-- just not them. As much as I'm really, like, excited to see these people, I'm also nervous, because I know that the chaos is right around the corner. So, Mondo, you were the winner of the last challenge. You get to choose first. I am definitely gonna choose Valerie. Thanks, Mondo. And the rest of you will choose according to the order in which I pick you from our velvet bag. It is Gretchen. Because we worked so well together last time, I'm gonna stick with Casanova. Aw! Casanova. [Laughter] Next is... Christopher. I choose Ivy. Ivy's such a fast sewer, and she can pattern-make, so that feels safe. And that's exactly why I chose her. Michael? I'm gonna go with A.J. Cool. April. I'm gonna take the hot blonde. Oh, reunited, and it feels so good. So, Andy, it's you and Michael Drummond. Hi. I know that Michael Drummond isn't incompetent. But I'm gonna have to simplify a few things, because I don't wanna have to end up with all the work. All right, Designers, you have until midnight tonight, and you have all day tomorrow. Work, work, work. Thank you! Come on over, buddy. Okay. So you just have to do two looks? Two more looks on top of this. Holy minoly. Where are you at? Or do you need me to help you... I haven't even drawn it out. Okay. At this point, I've scrapped my old idea, and I don't know what the "f" I'm gonna do. Having Valerie has pushed me to really do something, 'cause I don't wanna look like a dumbass in front of her. Well, what if instead of, like, bringing it here, what if we brought it down here? Oh, to the back? Yeah, that's cool. I feel like I'm trudging. My mind is, like, running a mile a minute, and I'm super nervous about what I'm doing... And if Heidi's gonna like it or not. The whole Heidi debacle really kind of derailed me. It's making me feel like I'm not a Designer anymore. And that's the last thing I'd like to feel in a challenge this late. At the end of the day, I was hoping to be finished with the first look. But it's not, so I'm feeling a little uneasy. Every day I walk through this door, I'm like, "agh." And look, Mondo brought me a uniform. We're team pinstripes. d Go, go pinstripes d no. No, just once. Exactly, exactly. It's hard to distinguish good from bad at this point right now. For Ivy to kind of have those fresh eyes and just say, "yeah, no, this is great." And so it actually feels really good and positive, and I enjoy her being around. So some of this... That's fine, though. That's fine. Peach, move on from it. I am gonna move on, and then when we have time, it'll give me a few minutes to hand-stitch, and I can fix it. Okay. I just wanted to... Go for it. Working with Peach, she worries way too much about every single thing. So you have to kind of get her away from it. That's good. Cool. See you. [Laughing] See you. Aw, look at this. The look is very beautiful. Yeah, it's really cool. It's like a pumpkin pie of Thanksgiving... [Laughing] With pecan pie on top. Michael should be worried, because his color palette is hideous. I can see the mother with a Turkey here, like... [Imitates Turkey call] Pumpkin orange, turkey-feather brown--it's not cute. Michael. Yes. Tell to us about your Turkey inspiration. Are you trying to say that my collection looks like it's for Thanksgiving? Okay, my clothes are in a Thanksgiving day color scheme. Who cares? It's the colors I like. I thought they were pretty. So talk Turkey all you want. So, Michael, how does it feel being almost to the end of the competition? Oh, I haven't felt it yet. It's just--I'm still in shock that I'm still here. Why, because you cheated? Coming up on Project Runway... I got here for a reason. Drama out the wazoo. It's so pathetic. The world will give him what he deserves. Designers, I hear that there is an accusation about cheating. I'm still in shock that I'm still here. Why, because you cheated? No. Ooh. That's funny, because we actually saw the dress you cheated on. Really, what was it? The blue one from the Jackie Kennedy challenge. Why don't you ask Lenka about her boobs, then? Ivy's accusing me that for the Jackie Kennedy challenge, that I taped the whole entire dress so that Lenka wouldn't fall out of it. It has support here, and it goes across here. And you know what? Lenka--she wears sticky boobs, and she uses topstick tape to hold her boobs up whenever she does a Runway show too. How does it feel to be eliminated for a crappy design? Um, you know, it's a TV show, so... You can say what you want. So why are you [Bleep] with me for? Whoa. Do I bother you? Inappropriate language. Yes, you do, actually. Okay, well, then don't talk to me and don't ask me questions. The vocabulary and the language that Michael Costello decided to use with me was completely low-class. And it just shows what a despicable person he is. You've been nothing but a bitch to me for no reason. I've done nothing to you. You cheat, and you sabotage people. Is it because I can't sew or something like that? If that's what you believe and your children are watching this, it's very embarrassing as a father. Be bitter all you want, okay? But I got here for a reason, okay? Because you played the game. You talk [Bleep] about people, and you sabotage people, and that's why you're here. Who did I sabotage? Everyone. Who is it? Really? Do we need to go there? You went there. You started it. So tell me, who did I sabotage? Let's start with me. You sabotaged everyone on this show, because you cheated, and you played the game. And that's all I'm gonna say. Okay, well, keep being the bossy bitch that you are and don't talk to me. That's why I ended the conversation. I think Michael C is holding a spot that could've been Valerie's, mine, and Michael drummond's. How could you not be upset with that, when they're taking your spot at your dream? Ivy, you have balls of steel. Pearls. No, balls. You have bitterness in your heart, bitterness in your soul because you're not here anymore. You're out. Deal with it. God, satan has left the room. I didn't wanna come back to the drama. I just wanted to stay-- I love drama. [Laughter] Ah, Ivy. What happened between Ivy and I in the workroom really stirred up some drama. A lot of words were said. Designers felt uncomfortable. But imagine what I'm feeling when I'm in a room where everybody hates me. People do think you cheated-- everyone, by the way. Let them think--I don't care. I just have to let you know. When I was still in, I mean, I didn't necessarily, like, trust you to always do the right thing. But see, here's the thing is, though, I didn't get here to this level for cheating. I've been sewing since I was a kid. Mondo's like, "well, let me tell you, your construction's terrible." I was like, "okay, well, then show me what you got." Let's do--let's work. 20, 30 minutes later, we became buddies, seriously. If I didn't have Mondo as a friend, I would've thrown in the towel and given up... Because I couldn't deal with all the stress of people not talking to me. Who? Why? I feel like a lot of the people that have been sent home could be a little bitter. I just wanna congratulate you on that. No need to congratulate. I can finally rest in peace if I die tomorrow. [Giggles] That challenge was, like, how many weeks ago, and now it's finally surfaced? It's so pathetic. Michael C is here. Clearly, the judges time and time again have loved his work. It just seems totally counterproductive to be having this drama. [Bleep] Drama out the wazoo. I think Michael C deserves to be disqualified. The world will give him what he deserves. I definitely believe in karma. [Indistinct chatter] [Click] [Gasps] Ah! Oh, are you okay? Oh, my God. Oh, did you poke your eye? Yeah. Oh, Ivy, are you okay? Oh, yeah, I'm fine. Holy [Bleep]. O-m-- o-m-g. Hi. Designers, may I ask you to gather round, please? Ivy... Oh. I need you. Designers, I hear that there is an accusation about cheating. Is that true? Yes. I wanna hear about it. The Jackie Kennedy challenge--the girls saw a bunch of topstick in the bathroom. This is hearsay? No, I saw it. We all saw it. If I was trying to hide something with fashion tape, would I leave wrappers all over the women's bathroom? I mean, I don't get it. I just don't get it. So everyone says, you know, why wasn't anything mentioned? But we all were focusing on just doing the best that we could in whatever garment we were producing that it was nearly impossible for us to bring it to the Producers' attention. And why are you doing it now? Because we finally had a time to reflect that night, and we brought it to their attention first thing in the morning the next day. And apparently, they told us that it was too late. It is too late. As far as I'm concerned, there is no malfeasance. This is merely a case of "he said, she said." The tangibles are the following--the judges saw nothing on the Runway. I saw nothing in the workroom. And our many cameras saw nothing. So this is a case of a non-case. End of story? Mm-hmm. Michael Costello, are you all right about that? I'm a little sad, but, yeah, I'm okay with-- sad about what? Just that I recently-- that it happened at all? Yeah, that's all. We're putting it behind us, all right? If I believe that this were a really serious issue, we would be dealing with it. It's behind us. All right. Move forward. Work, work, work. I'll see you tomorrow. Thank you, everyone. Thank you. Thank you, Tim. You all right? I'm hurt, but, you know... I'm gonna let it go, because there's nothing really to cry about besides people who... It is what it is. Can you get me some more coffee? Christopher? Yeah? Who would you like to see go home today? Um, Mondo. Bitch, everybody does. You know why? You know why. Why? Anyway. Thank you. No, I don't want anybody to go home. I just hope it's a girl. I want Mike C to go home. I think it's Mike C's time, but I feel like-- I want him to go home. I've thought that it's Mike C's time forever. Right? Every time! I'm like it's Mike C. It's Mike C. It's Mike C. And then it's, like, "Mike C, you're the winner." And I'm like... What? [Imitates gun cocking and firing] What the [Bleep]? I don't know. I have a lot of finishing to do. That's my only worry. Finishing items takes a long time. And it's a lot of things to do. How do we hip this up? Styling. Everything is basically done. I just have to finish the last-minute touches. Does this feel old to you? Yes. It's just a matter of, like, putting it together the right way. It's a big Runway day. I'm about to send in your models. You will have two hours to send them to the Garnier Hair Salon and the L'Oreal Paris makeup room. You know what to do with the Piperlime accessory wall. Be very strategic, everyone, okay? And we will have a knock-their-socks-off show! Good. Yay! All right, thank you. I think everybody should be worried. The judges definitely have their likes and dislikes. And you throw in Heidi as a client, and that can either break you or make you victorious. Hi. Hey, how are you? I don't like the shorts. No shorts... Because it looks very biker. It's supposed to. Biker? Yes! No! Yes! It's a mom with money and five children. Who wants to still have sex. [Laughing] You know, after being in the bottom the last, you know, two times, I'm thinking this time I'm definitely gonna be safe for sure or definitely win this challenge. How do you feel in it? Good. I like it a lot. Mm-hmm. I want this. These are the headbands. That's cool. This is a fun look. I mean, I hated it at the beginning, but now I love it. But I think it looks great. You rock. No way, you rock too. High five. Yay. Hey, how are you? For her, it's gonna be a lower bun. Your signature one? Yes. Let's get some product on the hair, so it'll look like it's a little grittier, a little dirtier. I want them to really have a look that's like she had just been at the gym, and she just threw her hair back. We have all these headbands for all the girls. We wanna kind of pull it back and then do lots of texture and then just kind of sloppy tied up. I need a pink lip. Okay. I need a pink lip. I'd like them to be pretty muted, like nude lips, so it's almost not there. And I feel like a different tone of teal can work on each of them. Kind of like what's happening on your eyes. Maybe. [Laughing] She's going to the gym. She's gonna work out, but she's also about a man, you know? I don't know anything about that. [Laughter] Thank you, dear. Thank you. Both: Mwah. All right... Final six Designers, thank your design assistants, gather your models, and follow me, please. Thank you, design assistants. Bye, guys. Andy. Bye, ladies. Gorgeous work. Good luck. Andy, are you the last? Thank you, everyone. Coming up on Project Runway... This looks like a pajama party. It's just horrific. Ugh. It hurt my eyes a little bit. I don't see a garment here that anyone would pay more than $10 for. Hello. All: Hi. Welcome to the Runway. As you know, in fashion, one day you're in, and the next day you're out. There are six of you here, and after tonight, there will be five. For this challenge, I asked you to design a head-to-toe look as part of my line for New Balance. The winning look will be produced and sold exclusively on Amazon.Com. And I wanted lots and lots and lots of options. So I decided to have you make two more looks. You had two days and $300 to put your designs together. And I'm very excited to see what you've done. Okay, let's meet the judges. First, we have CFDA lifetime achievement award winner, Michael Kors. Hey, guys. Fashion director for Marie Claire magazine, Nina Garcia. Hi, everyone. And guest judge, iconic American sportswear designer, Norma Kamali. Hi. All: Hi. We will score your designs as they come down the Runway. One of you will be named the winner, and one of you will be out. Let's start the show. I feel like I'm mostly happy looking at the Runway today and my looks. I could've maybe styled a little bit differently so it was more Heidi. It's the first time that I'm looking at all my looks together. And they look strong. They look like me. They look appropriate for the challenge and appropriate for the line. Love that. I would wear that. Will you make me one? Watching my looks come down the Runway, I'm really happy. It looks like a collection. It looks like me. It looks like activewear. I think I did a great job. I love it. I like the armband. Thanks, dude. So as I'm seeing these girls walk down the Runway, I do know it's not the best of Christopher Collins. It's like me being thrown a chlenge I wasn't prepared for and having to try to do the best I can in something that I'm not used to. I just feel like I'm sitting there, going, like, oh, my gosh, oh, my gosh, more than I am owning it. I'm loving my looks. I am just a little afraid about the color of the pants might read Pumpkin Spice or, like, Thanksgiving dinner with my color story. But, you know, they're done well. So I think I got this. Seriously, I really do. I know that I hated this whole idea, but it turned out really well. And I really Rose up and gave them exactly what I wanted to show, but still staying very true to who Heidi is and what she has designed. So I'm feeling good. The six of you have the highest and the lower scores. One of you will be named the winner, and one of you... Will be out. Michael, Christopher, Gretchen, the three of you have the lower scores. And one of you will be out. We're going to talk to the Designers with the higher scores first. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. I created ten pieces in two days, and they're good. I'm a little surprised that I'm in the bottom three. I'm actually kind of shocked Mondo is in the top, because I feel like he only made one look and not three solid looks. Mondo. Hello. Where are my favorite pieces? Where did it go? I scrapped it. I got rid of that idea, and I restarted with new energy. So my inspiration was playing with the idea of a triangle, a circle, and a square. And the headbands are just purely for the Runway. Well, first off, I actually like the kooky headbands. I do too. I think they're great. I think they have personality. I think for you to deal with this muted palette, it isn't intrinsically you. But they have some whimsy, which is intrinsically you. So you stepped outside your zone, but made it work. Where you lose me is from the waist down, where I think you kind of threw it away. I think that there are so many interesting things you can do on bottom. Okay. Is that satin on her jacket? Yes. I love the fact that you made that combination with something athletic, with something soft and something luxurious like satin. I really love this. Cool. Thank you. It's very rare that anything hanging on a hanger is gonna look as good as it looks on a body. And I think these pieces, if someone buys online and then has it hanging in their closet, they're like go-to pieces, 'cause they're gonna look so good, they're gonna pull you to them. Thank you so much. I think you did a fantastic job. The pieces look great. You would wanna have them. You would wanna wear them. And I think that is what the goal is. Great job. Thank you. April, tell us about your looks. I decided to do something that was high fashion, but still comfortable. Taking style lines from your collection and incorporating them. Actually, I really like it, and I'd wear all these. So I'm happy with it. I love the asymmetry on the first dress. I think it's very cool. I love her armband. I kind of love what that's doing on her. Active? Definitely not. Unless your activity is going to a party. But I think it's very sophisticated. Thank you. I think the color is your biggest issue. I like the first dress. I think that's modern, and that's really where evening and special occasion is going. I like the looks too. I think it could be something that you could wear after the gym, and you just throw this over. My least favorite is the little short. I would be too afraid to wear little shorts like that, you know? I don't know how many women out there would feel comfortable wearing something that is so small out on the street. But otherwise, I like what you did. Thank you. Andy, tell us about your looks. You know, with, like, my personal style, I like to be really comfortable-- and this idea of comfortable clothing that women would wanna live in to run errands like they do in the real world. And it could be dressed up or dressed down and still be very chic. And that's what I've done. I like your looks a lot. I think that they would absolutely work within the line. I think that the dress is super cute. That ended up being my favorite. I think you did a lot in two days, and it looks great. I think the clothes are... Really, Andy, they are exciting but, at the same time, super wearable. I think that to combine the chiffon and mix it with the Jersey is very, very difficult. I like that you have variety here, but at the same point, it's singular. Thank you. I really like the lightness of it. My only comment is that upon closer look, it could look a little Halloween. That's what I thought too. And then the hoodie just adds to the effect of Halloween. But each piece is very good on its own. So that's fabulous. Thank you. I think the dress is really sweet. Even though it's very bold and graphic, it kind of has a classic look to it, which is a good sign in fashion that it has a life beyond this moment. But everything is beautiful. And you all did a great job too. I was impressed with that. Okay, we've heard what you had to say. Now we're gonna talk to the Designers with the lower scores. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. Can I hug both of you guys? 'Cause I think we all did such a good job, and I loved, loved, loved your work. I'm surprised Gretchen's in the bottom. Michael and Christopher, I kind of saw tt. They might just be really bored with Christopher at this point. What about how he made his stuff look like activewear and Michael didn't? Actually, that is true. Maybe it's Michael. Michael, tell us about your looks. You have a lot of volume in your line, so I thought maybe something a little more fitted in your line might work, but still keep the looseness. You have introduced a lot of new colors to the line. So it makes it harder to really think about... "Okay, this has to be changed. This would have to be changed in that." Some of the pieces don't look too athletic to me. Not that anyone has to work out in these clothes, but just because things are oversized doesn't necessarily make them easy and relaxed-looking. You had a few ideas, but you tried very hard to make it look "fancy." And somehow you lost the easiness. I think that's what happened. You know, I think the styling was a big part of your problem-- the unnecessary accessorizing, too trendy... Trying too hard... The flat-ironed hair. You want it to look relaxed. It doesn't look relaxed. The styling of it set you back a little bit. But there are some really good pieces there. Even the cropped cargo is cute. The color, if it would've been in a Gray, could've been pulled together. You know, so much of it is how you put it together. I can see what you guys are saying. I get it. Christopher, tell us about your looks. This was the first time I've ever designed activewear. I think, for me, it was about kind of the details and the construction and something that was supposed to be kind of easy and effortless to wear and looks and feels comfortable. Unfortunately, these clothes look so cheap. I don't see a garment here that anyone would pay more than $10 for. The pant, where the slit is... Why? It's just an odd place. And the dress is just sadness personified. This is not a smiley-face dress. This is a sad face. The butterfly top does not go with the other pieces. And there is this red thing kind of poking out. Well, and the proportion with the pant is strange. Oh, and it's rippled. I mean, you tortured it. You beat that with a rock. I mean, it looks like-- it was more like a sewing machine, but, yeah. Trust me, it--I can tell. It's like hitting it with a brick or something. You know, the most successful piece are these little ruched leggings on the left. They fit her well, and they're good-looking, and they look polished. You normally have a refinement to what you do. And I think the refinement flew out the window. I think making things with love is very evident. And you weren't in love here, for sure. You just put a block up. And you probably are capable of a lot more here. Mm-hmm. Gretchen, tell us about your looks. What I found really important about looking at your collection was that it didn't have, like, those transitional pieces that maybe are a little bit more sophisticated than a hoodie. And you don't have to be in sweatpants to be active. You can be sexy and comfortable and not feel overdressed. I have the same problem with your line that I had with Michael's line. There are pieces I can't see anyone running around on the street in and being casual. There's a lot of things going on. That ruffled miniskirt on top of those black tight leggings peekaboo things. She looks like a sausage squeezed in. I don't know--they hurt my eyes a little bit. It's a little bit too... You call it hosh-kaposh? Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge. I think that's just a difference of opinion. Yeah. Maybe you wouldn't wear them as I've styled, but they look easy to me. It looks very forced. That asymmetrical cut on your biker short looks really strange. I mean, it just looks odd. And they're accidentally riding up. Crooked and riding, like, in a weird way. Kind of weird transparent spanx are showing. Okay. Can we have a look a little bit more at this Gray coat? Because it's kind of--reminds me of a bathrobe. If you would wear it on the street, someone would think you put your bathrobe on, and you went shopping in it. I disagree. I think if you wore it with a pair of jeans and t-shirt, it would look chic. Your styling is not helping you. The shoes, the turbans, the necklace-- the styling just kills any kind of easiness that you would've had here. Okay, thank you. Okay, we've heard what you had to say. We're gonna have a little chat. Now you can leave the Runway. Thank you. What's up? What's up? Can you guys tell us your good stuff first? Yeah, positive first? Uh, it went pretty good. They liked it. Heidi...I think hates me. [Laughter] Like, I think I've told her I disagreed with her, like, six times, and she just was like... Okay, let's talk about the Designers that we did like. Let's talk about April. I think when April's looks walked down the Runway, you know, first off, her styling was really very strong, very powerful. I think there was a lot of design in the clothes. They all had an ease in kind of these oversized things. I think the quality of what she did was really good. It still had this edge, but in these easy shapes. It was kind of a merger of the two. Let's talk about Andy. I think he did a great job. I actually think they were very interesting. Mm-hmm. I think the dress was really... Beautiful! Great-looking. Beautiful. And the transparency made everything seem light and luxurious. He really gave it everything, and it was special. Special, luxurious, light. Isn't that great, to put on clothes that don't feel weighty and heavy and old-fashioned? Okay, let's talk about Mondo. And I have to say, I was so relieved and happy when I saw his line, because we had a little bit of a thing in the workroom. He was giving me some big-time Mondo attitude because I wasn't so happy with what he was doing. He was like, "fine, then. Then I'm gonna start all over again." But he channeled it, Heidi. He channeled it. He really came back with some interesting pieces. They look expensive. Yeah. Listen, the guy knows how to finish clothes. That little circle jacket with the satin trim is really beautiful. Yeah. He brings him into the mix. Okay, let's talk about the Designers that didn't get the higher scores. Let's talk about Christopher. Ugh, pajama party. At the retirement village. I mean... He made sleepwear. This not only was really boring and blah, but just the finishing and the fabrics... They all look a little sloppy, and it looks washed out. Like a big bowl of sawdust. Sawdust! Active just means it's for someone who has a busy life. You know, she's not getting on the treadmill. She's getting on the Walker. Literally. Let's talk about Michael. He was a little off with some of the proportions. You know, the big poncho jacket is a little bit too big everywhere. You can't have these gigantic wings, almost like a dress. His taste level is really what's scary to me. I hated those pumpkin-colored pants. The orange pant. It doesn't belong on that girl. I think you saw talent, but you didn't see taste. All right, let's talk about Gretchen. They all come out of an '80s dance video. I just think that the execution and how she put it together is a disaster. Yeah, I think the styling really did not work for her. Which, normally, she's brilliant. I thought she tried too hard on the layering. There is just so many different things on top of each other, ilooks absolutely insane. Those biker shorts were... I'm surprised that she actually put the ruched skirt over those pants. These particular bike shorts look like her thighs were eating them. I mean, they were crazy. But also, when you look at the existing line already, she did a completely whole new active line. She has a bit of an ego, and I think that... Does she have an ego. She said here, "this is what I think your collection is missing." "I'm gonna fix it for you." "I'm gonna fix it for you." She cannot take any criticism. Like, she stands up there, and she has her arms crossed, and she's all, like... [Growls] Okay... So we've made our decision. All right, let's bring them back out. One of you will be named the winner... And one of you will be out. One of you will be named the winner... And one of you will be out. April... You're in. You can leave the Runway. Thank you, guys. Andy, your looks were terrific-- chic, easy, and relaxed without losing sophistication. They could all fit into my collection. But we can also still see your fashionable point of view as a designer. Mondo, you really listened to the critique and ended up doing a great job. Your mini-collection was polished, simple, and well-designed. You did basic in a great way. Thank you. Andy... Congratulations. You are the winner of this challenge. Thank you. Thank you very much. I also have a special surprise for you. All three of your looks will be produced and sold as part of my line for new balance, exclusively on Amazon.Com. Wow. Really? Really. All three? All three. Oh, my gosh. I was only planning on one, but they were all great. Thank you. Thank you very much. You can leave the Runway. [Softly] Thank you. After winning this challenge, I feel like I have what it takes to compete at fashion week and do really well. Did you win? Yes, ma'am. Good. The real payoff in this challenge is having my work produced and seeing my work purchased by people I don't know. You're gonna see people wearing your stuff. I know. That's insane. It's pretty cool. Mondo... You're in. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. Well? [Laughter] She has the itch. Hell, yeah. Oh... Gretchen... You're in. And let me give you some advice. Constructive criticism is not your enemy. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. Thank you all. There she is. We knew it. So what's up? What did they say? Heidi really doesn't like me. She called you out or what? She was like, "I don't like the bike shorts. They're awful. And I don't like the top. That's awful." That's not constructive criticism. I just told her I disagreed with her opinion. But I'm here, and I should be. Who's next? I really, really feel like it could go either way. Oh, okay. Michael... Christopher... One of you will be out. Michael... Your editing, styling, and taste level were extremely questionable today. The proportions were off, and most of your color choices did not match my line at all. I cannot see any of your total looks in my collection. Christopher... Your clothes looked inexpensive and bland. Your problem started with your fabric choices, and it only seemed to get worse. Your looks together gave us no story other than sloppy pajama party. [Suspenseful music] d d Christopher... I'm sorry. You're out. That means, Michael, you're in. You can leave the Runway. [Softly] Okay, thank you. [Softly] It's okay. It's Christopher. Oh, no. [Sighs] I gave him a hug, and he asked me, why am I crying. I was like, "'cause I just feel bad. I'm sorry." It's really sad. Auf wiedersehen. Good luck to you. Thank you. Hi. Christopher. Christopher. It is bittersweet to get this far and then become eliminated, because it was just one more challenge, and then it was lincoln center. I would have loved to show in that Runway. That's the part that's a little, like, oh... So close. Well, everybody... [Laughs] Mondo, don't look at me like that. We're gonna profoundly miss you. I'll miss you guys too. Bye, Christopher. Bye, angel cake. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. Be good, okay? Okay. I can't imagine that workroom without you. And now I have to send you there to clean up your space. All right. Okay? Bye, Tim. All the very, very best. We'll hear more from you. Yes. I love you. Bye. Bye. I'm gonna go away so happy and thrilled knowing that I did set out to do what I wanted to and achieved even more than i thought I could. [Sighs] It was amazing. Next time on Project Runway... Designers, mayor bloomberg. This is so cool. This challenge determines who among you will go on to new york fashion week. This final challenge can make or break me. Oh, my gosh, I'm so tired. Everyone is on the edge of emotional breakdown. I don't know if I have the wow factor today. Gretchen is one of the more exhausted Designers at this point. I just wanna leave. I was not impressed with your look. This is a missed opportunity. I think you really lost your steam. Visit mylifetime.Com to learn more about the fashion you've seen on tonight's show. -- Sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 