Project Runway: Season 8, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Project Runway 
 s8e3 - It's a Party - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Project Runway (2004–…): Season 8, Episode 3 - It's a Party - full transcript 
 Competition reality series, where each week budding fashion designers face challenges and elimination as they compete for cash and prizes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Project Runway... The winner of this challenge will have their look featured in the Marie Claire billboard campaign running in New York's Times Square. Huge! And drape it into, like, this form. Does she become little red riding hood? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's an infinity dress, like 8. I'm concerned about you. I'm gonna tell you right now. You will each have a photo shoot with a Marie Claire photographer. Do like a jump. Great. Great. It's very clear that the hole is not supposed to be there. It might have been nice if the blouse did not look like the back was eaten. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Gretchen, so you're once again the winner of this challenge. [Cheers and applause] I thought Valerie should have won. Jason, you're out. Nicholas, you're out too. I have to go home. [Sobs] This is Project Runway. Yes! Let's go! The search for the next big fashion designer. I was born ready. You know you love this. You're either in... Or you're out. It's about fashion. Who will be the next great fashion designer? I'm the best there is. 17 designers... This is my chance. Three finalists... But only one can be the winner. It's Fashion Week or go home. I've come way too far to lose. For these 17 designers, Project Runway is the chance of a lifetime. The winner of Project Runway will receive $100,000 from L'Oreal Paris to start their own line; a fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine; a $50,000 technology suite from HP and Intel to create their vision and run their business; and the opportunity to design and sell an exclusive collection on piperlime.com. The model paired with the winner of Project Runway will receive a fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine and $25,000 from L'Oreal Paris Studio Secrets Professional. Project Runway 8x03 It's a Party Original Air Date on August 12, 2010 -- Sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- Gretchen, congratulations. Mm-hmm. On your second win. Thank you. That's a huge win. The group is very caring and loving. I hate that bitch Gretchen. I can't believe she won again. I have won two challenges, but it seemed like everyone really understood why I won before they even knew I was gonna win and were really rooting for me. Gretchen winning is annoying to me. I don't even care that she won twice in a row. It's how her attitude changed. There was a different personality between win one and win two. The bar has been raised in a manner that is intimidating. It's like she opened a urban catalogue and pulled out ideas. But also I think it's gonna push everyone to really try to maximize their own capabilities. You know, it'll be interesting to see if she stays in the top next challenge or not. Yeah, and it'd be interesting to see how much more of a big head she gets. It doesn't bug me that Gretchen keeps winning because she's my friend, and I do believe that she deserves to win when she does win. However, comma, it's a little bit of a bummer--always a bridesmaid, never a bride. I don't know what's going on, 'cause I honestly thought that the past few challenges I have put my best forward. And, you know, I thought that the judges would see that. Let's get out of here. All right, I'm ready. Let's go, guys. I hope the limo's ready. The short bus is more like it. [Laughter] Bye, apartment. [Laughter] Ladies first. Ciao. Hello. All: Hi. Before we talk about your next challenge, let's bring out the winning and losing designers' models. Since two designers were eliminated, there are two losing designers' models here. Gretchen, you were the winner of the last challenge. Your model was Alexandra. If you decide to stay with her, Dre and Julia will be out. What do you want to do? I have to stay with Alexandra. That means you're in. You can leave the Runway. Dre, I'm sorry. That means you're out. Auf wiedersehen. Julia, auf wiedersehen. Take care. All right, are you ready for your next challenge? All: Yes. Since you guys have made it through the first two challenges, we thought that this would be a cause for a celebration. Tim is gonna throw a little party for you, and he will fill you in on all the details for your next challenge. Good luck. And I'll see you on the Runway. Bye, everybody. Do I think we're gonna be popping champagne on the rooftop? No. Good morning, designers, and welcome to Party Glitters. [Laughter] I wish we were here to celebrate the fact that you've all made it through two challenges, but in fact we're here to select the materials for your next challenge. Yes. Yay. I love the unconventional challenges because they give you an opportunity to work with materials you wouldn't work with otherwise. And they really push the boundaries of your abilities to innovate. And I want you to know that our judges do not respond well to materials that correspond to fabric--tablecloths, wrapping paper, things of that sort. All right? So you have $100 and 30 minutes to shop, and let's have a party. All right? Come on in. They're off. This is your challenge. I--that's--I'm actually--this is really familiar to me. This challenge is definitely right up my alley. This is kind of more my element. I feel comfortable. I like really fun kind of stuff that has to do with, like, toys. I got cupcakes and elephants. I got all kinds of stuff in here. Do you guys have plastic tiaras? Can anybody help me? Does anybody--is there any worker that can help me? A party store is, like, cheese ball city. And nothing about my design aesthetic is cheese ball. There's so much shiny crap everywhere. This garment is without fabric? It's not like the first that we can add a little bit of fabric. You can have muslin, the unbleached cotton that's in the workroom... I know. I got it. I got it. Underneath, but, no, there's no fabric. We're not going shopping again. Can we use the muslin as a base? Yes. Exactly. And put... Okay, I got it. Got it. I have no idea how to make a dress with hats, horns, whatever. I'm kind of worried. I'm looking around to see what everyone else is getting. And it is kind of like a party vomit. Spray paint? Okay. Oh, my God! All about the quinceanara up in here. I'm not able to make a dress with bull[bleep]. You know, it's not fabric. When I saw the plush puppies, i picked, like, three or four, because they are made from fabric. Do you have black tablecloths? Right here. Where, where, where, where? I just run to the table covers because it's like the stuff more close to look like a fabric. The judges do not respond well to materials that correspond to fabric-- tablecloths, wrapping paper, things of that sort. All right? Are their stuffed animals in here? I think Casanova dominated that section of the store. I wasn't really prepared for this. So much ribbon. Five minutes, everyone. Okay, really? This is not fair for the short people. I feel like I'm starting to get your aesthetic through your color palette. Gretchen has just won, not one, but two of the challenges. There have only been two challenges. That's pretty impressive. You pick, like, very tropical colors. That's really pretty. I feel like she's super on top of her game. I might have to edit. I don't know if I have too, too much. Thank you for shopping at party glitters. Designers, that's it. Time's up. [Laughter] Let's head back to the workroom, okay? [Cheers] Too excited about this wonderful party challenge. I just want to really turn it out this time. I dump out my party glitter bag, and I see I have exactly what I need. I have a complete plan. What is important for me is to stay really true to my own aesthetic, regardless of the challenge. I feel like that we should kind of chat for a second, 'cause I think we have the same idea, 'cause I was gonna do birthday, but I kind of feel like you're gonna do birthday. I'm doing quinceanara. Oh, doing a quince? Yeah. I'll change mine a little. I'll tweak it. Designers. You have until midnight tonight, a little, tiny bit of time tomorrow, all right? And I have a nice surprise. This is the first challenge for which the winner will have immunity. [Cheers] Beautiful. So thank you, everyone. I will see you later today. Bye. I look over, and, Casanova-- i think he's kind of on the rampage right now. What are you gonna do to the stuffed animals? Oh, no. Ugh, of course I'm horrified. We have some very strange people. I feel like I work in a meat market instead of designer. I love the plush puppies. Oh, Casanova. I love you, but Casanova... Coming up on Project Runway... We are not making a pinata. We are making a dress. He's definitely feeling pressure. Prepare before you start working. Gretchen always needs to give her opinion. It takes the class out of what you're doing. I'm a force to be reckoned with. You have to prepare everything before you start working. We went to a party store and had to create a look from twizzlers and streamers, cups, stuff like that. I never thought that I would be making an outfit out of a serving dish or a cup or paper plates, but it opens you up to using just sole creativity. And I think that it's really gonna make it or break it for some people. Make a fabulous hairdo. Like a bonnet. I like the unconventional challenges, so I'm feeling a lot more comfortable now, and my hands have stopped shaking, so that's a good thing. This is really cool. I begin braiding the ribbon that I bought, and I'm not even sure how I'm going to incorporate it in the dress, but I know it's a technique that's really impressive as far as detail-work. A.J., I knew if anybody would be happy about this challenge, definitely you. Well, yeah. I feel like I've talked a big game about getting to this point, so I want to make sure that I deliver on it. I do stuff like this, but not under quite this time constraint, because you want real fashion. You don't want something that looks silly. I am worried that my work might turn out a messy version of what I usually do. When I use stuff like this, like, I let people see exactly what it is. Like, if I'm using rubber ducks or I'm using toys or if I'm using, like, plastic guns, like, I let people see it. A.J., he's definitely feeling pressure. The idea here is to, like, make it into something else. You know what I mean? So I definitely know that I won't be out on this one. A.J., please stop talking. But it's a lot more hard-edge than I usually do. Like, what I really do is a lot sweeter. Try it. Five seconds. So simple. I'm saving some of the more complicated things for when I feel like I really, really, really, really need it. I'm just gonna be myself. Welcome to party glitter. How can I help ya? I loved it. I'm using black and white napkins, and I'm folding them into, like, triangles and then hanging them. And then I got streamers, and I'm pleating them and bringing-- making like a v-neck halter backless dress with, like, the chiffon squared napkin, so it's really, like, Fluffy and flowy. Valerie's looks like a million dollars. I think she's definitely gonna be on the top with me. Valerie is the clearest competition, but I'm a force to be reckoned with. Do you guys know where we can paint? I start out with my stripes, and then I'm like, oh, no, this is gonna be entirely tablecloth. They're gonna hate it. So I'm working on taking the palm tree and sort of shaping it and painting it so it's got different color palette with sort of a sleek little party dress design and hope that it manifests itself into something amazing. Be careful there, Casanova, 'cause they're gonna say something. About what? You using that big tablecloth. It's like you're using a fabric. I'm not able to make, like, costume with plastic and, you know, I don't want to, like, experiment. I don't care about the other designers because they are into, like, crazy things. I'm not. But I know April, Andy, a.J. Will enjoy. They are more, like, into circus stuff. It's--we are not making a pinata. We are making a dress. You know? Whatever. [Blows raspberry] Ooh, are you weaving that? Yes, girl. Oh, my God, that's awesome. I hope they can tell I didn't buy this. I can tell. Those are really cool, though. You got to make sure you gave yourself enough time. Andy definitely does not have a lot done on his dress. I think that he is over-thinking this challenge, instead of just going for his aesthetic. It's gonna take me two days. I don't have two days. What am I thinking? I just don't want to try to do something so tailored and so clean and then not finish. I'm just wondering what you're doing because I got some fringing too, buddy. Girl, you know it's gonna be glam. You're going down. A lot of the designers like to throw their two cents in sort of, like, trying to psych you out. I probably am. You're right. No. I ain't trying to compete with you no more. Gretchen, for instance... I think the idea is really good, but it could go circus. Gretchen's offering words of wisdom. I kind of tune out that side of the room 'cause they're very, very chattery. Is this looking maybe like a slight Marie antoinette-type thing? Well, and I think, because of the colors that you're doing, it could be fun. Gretchen always thinks that she needto give her opinion if people ask or don't ask. I like Tim's opinion because he's been there, done that, but when you're trying to adjust to beat Gretchen, I think it's kind of sad. I feel like it takes the class out of what you're doing. I'm just here to check in with you. And I'm glad to see that everyone's still standing. All right, a.J. This is your challenge. I disagree. I think that you... [Laughs] No, no, I think that you think this is my challenge because I work with stuff like this-- yeah. But the reason why it always stands out when I do it is that I'm not showing my pieces where everyone else I'm showing with is doing the same thing. A.J., he's saying, "why is this so expected of me?" It's because it's all you talk about, a.J. But my point is I really believe this is your sensibility. I mean, you understand these materials. You've worked with things like this before. Everyone in the room knows that you love a hot glue gun, so, yes, the anticipation of you turning out a bad-ass garment is expected. Have you sorted through your priorities with all this and figured out what you're using and what you're not? Yes. Um, I definitely know that I want to use the streamers 'cause--I don't have a lot of yardage is the problem I got here. And I've got, like, glitter and stuff. I-I don't know. It's one of those things where-- I'm a bit concerned right now that it's going to look as though these are disparate parts put togeth. I mean, I think I'm okay. I feel comfortable, but... What I really needed from you was your opinion of you think of using the vinyl from the hat is equivalent to using tablecloth? No. You're absolutely safe. Carry on. Hi, Valerie. How are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm working with napkins. Is this all napkins? Yeah, it's all napkins. Valerie's dress is so accessible, and I feel like pretty much any woman is gonna be able to wear it. And then to give it a little bit of color, I'm going to braid some of the teal and make a small belt that goes across just to give it some color. I'm not understanding the introduction of the teal. I just don't want it to be all black and white. But it is. You think it just seems like an afterthought? Yeah. But that's me. Play. Have fun. Yeah, I was definitely kind of referencing the whole my fair lady thing, which I really like. Yeah, the ascot gavotte. Yes, I love that garment. It's one of my favorite pieces. I do too. So then maybe I should just stick with the black and white belt as opposed to teal. >> ascot gavotte would not introduce teal. Right. Right. Right. Okay. Okay? You sold me, Tim. Andy. Um, so... You look apprehensive. I am, only because I don't have enough of this ribbon that I just braided. I wanted to use it as the majority of my dress actually. Do you have enough to make a full skirt? I initially kind of had Andy pegged as maybe some of my competition, but I still feel like his work looks like student work. I'm experimenting, which I don't know is a good thing. 'Cause we're halfway through the day. I know. I'm an idiot for, like, deciding I'm gonna braid all those ribbons together when I only have a day to finish this. I hadn't even started on the muslin yet. Right now. You got to do that now. 'Cause then this work you're doing, you can finish the pieces and really move forward, because right now you're still experimenting. Given the timeframe... Yeah. You need to make some commitments here. Kristin. How are you? I'm good. I'm good. I'm making a kind of bohemian, just sort of little dress. Seeing Kristin's style, I don't really think that she deserves to be here. Her thing are just atrocious. It looks like a jellyfish. And is there a waistband to this? Yeah, I'm--I'm working on kind of having--there's a few-- I have more. Um, I started stringing them. Party--oh, they're animal wooly balls. [Laughing] Yes. It sounds better in french. Animaux tes. [Laughter] Oh, yeah. Okay. Oh, I see. Look. It's got a cute, little face. [Laughter] Sure. It's got a cute, little face and everything. [Laughter continues] But that'll be okay. Do you approve of the waistband? Listen, it's so wacky and ridiculous, who could possibly disapprove? I know. Who would name that? I mean, I didn't even look at that name. I mean, okay, well, if that doesn't work, then I have... Then what do you have? I have real balls. [Laughter] Oh, God. You know, I mean... I prefer the wooly balls. I do too. [Laughter] Coming up on Project Runway... This is atrocious. This is not cute. It's like you have a piece of coal up your rear end. What am I gonna do? Did you not listen to me? I don't get the point. I cut up mylar balloons and was planning to create a flower that goes out. I love the concept. I love the effects. I'm crazy about your palettes. I'm just tremendously worried about time. Ivy, her dress is, like, like, 0.5% done, and I'm really worried. If she doesn't get this finished, she's gonna go home. I was actually-- are you concerned? A little bit. About what? About these. I didn't know if that, like, tacks it up. I just will tell you, I have chills. It's fabulous. Really? Yeah. I wanted it to be subtle. Really? This is our party store challenge. Okay, well, I just-- you want subtlety and nuance? I was so afraid of-- you're really uptight. It's like you have a piece of coal up your rear end. [Laughter] I mean, honestly, make it into a diamond and pull it out. I really wanted one color. I'm--I'm totally supportive of something that's monochromatic. Especially when it's this color. I'm waiting to hear him go, "Michael, this is atrocious. Michael, this is not cute." 'Cause I got them the last two challenges. I mean, I think it's sensational. I think it has a definite wow factor. I'm very proud of you. Thank you. Go, go, go. Thank you. I look at Michael c's dress, and then I think, "that's awesome, and that's gonna eat my dress for breakfast." Sarah. Yes, sir. I love your palette. How did you do this? I got floral paint at the-- at the party glitter. Oh. Mm-hmm. And then I took a big palm tree, and I... Oh, you bought the palm tree. I love that. So these are all the leaves of the palm tree. And so I painted them in varying colors. So now I'm just trying to, you know, work it all together. I just have to say those shapes are so playful. They're so upbeat. They're fun. And when you reveal that it came from a palm tree, who can help but laugh or at least smile? Is that a bad thing? No, it's a great thing. Okay. Okay. In a way, there's kind of something schiaparelli-like happening here. Ooh. I like that comment. There's certainly that potential. Yeah. All right? Go for it. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you, Sarah. Gretchen. Congratulations on your second win. Yeah. Fantastic. I'm really proud of myself. You should be. You should be. So this is a mini pencil skirt, and I took two different colors of garland. And I hand-cut chevron prints. Good heavens. I personally don't really give a crap for the little skirt that she's working on. If her dress gets chosen over mine, then we got issues. What's going on top? I grabbed all of these paper bags, and I crumpled them up, and I was thinking of doing basically, like, a faux leather jacket. Gretchen, do it. Okay. I feel like I was listening to opinions and I started doubting myself. Listen to your own voice. I know. That's exactly what I wanted you to tell me. Gonna be fabulous. Thank you. Okay? Thank you. Bye. Casanova. Uh-huh. You look troubled. Yes. Talk to me. Well, a few of the designers told me that I cannot use tablecloths as a fabric. And it's the only thing that I did, so... Did you not listen to me when we were at the party store? I always listen to you. I don't get the point. I didn't say you could not use them. I said the judges don't like it. Because it's too much like buying a big yardage of fabric. So is that all you bought? Tablecloth? Well, you have a "make it work" moment. You know, the judges can potentially be persuaded, so do this so fabulously and so well that the judges will love it. That's all I can say to you at this point. Make it work. We'll have to see if he gets really creative with it. I think he's kind of in a scary place right now. Designers, I want you to know something. The potential in this room is overwhelming. Overwhelming. And it's not just that you've put so much work into them. The concepts behind them are so profound. I'm just completely blown away. Your models are going to be coming in later. And when they arrive, they have a little surprise for each of you. [Groaning] I'll see you tomorrow. Thank you. Oh, good. Oh, good. Sarah really was not inspired by this challenge at all. I'm sad to say that because there's a chance that she could go home for this. The pink altogether? This palm tree could be the death of me. I can't seem to figure out how to make it into something that I like. I'm just spinning in this little whirlwind of, like, what's going on? I'm just gonna go blue and try and be safe and see how it goes. When Tim mentions that the models have a surprise for us, I knew it wasn't something good, as in, like, they were giving us a present. Oh, no. Oh, what is this, pray tell? I don't want it. Like, take it away. I don't want it. It's not my birthday today. I don't want it. Designers, your added challenge is to create a fashionable accessory to accompany your design using the materials in these gift bags only. Oh, this is fabulous. When she bring me this bag full of whatever to make a accessory, I was, like, close to die. They brought polka dots and sequins and colorful, colorful stuff, and my dress is black. What am I gonna do? Coming up on Project Runway... I have no time left. I don't know if it's even gonna look good. Andy had a lot of help, and i feel like that's a time management issue. When the models come in, everyone has stuff to try on, and I'm kind of shaking in my boots because the only thing I have for her to try on is my muslin base. No, let's forget it. Let's go outside and look for the other shoe. My biggest concern, though, is the skirt is really heavy. 'Cause it's got, like, 600 napkins on it. I'm nervous about the top, like, ripping from the skirt. My fitting is going okay. I see it on the model, and it looks all right, but I think, at this point, I'm just concerned about getting it finished. It's possible. I don't really like it. How are you doing? I'm burning my hands. It's kind of getting sore. I'm kind of getting--ah!-- worried on time. I have the entire skirt to finish. Guys, let's go. Let's get out of here. It is what it is what it isn't. But it is. Mustache or no mustache? Mustache. So what if you win this one too? I think everybody's gonna hate me. I think it's gonna affect the dynamic. It's not gonna happen three times in a row. It just can't. She thinks she knows everything. And critiquing other people. Well, she's not winning today. I can't worry about it too much. But I do think I'm gonna be in the top three. Gretchen's won two, but I feel like this challenge is totally about, like, being creative and doing something that's like cool and different. I don't think this challenge is about being completely wearable. If something really conservative wins this time, then I just don't really see the point of me being here, 'cause I'm not gonna win. If I'm in the top again with Gretchen, like, I swear, I'm gonna be like the Susan lucci of Project Runway. [Laughter] Let's go. Don't be bossing me around. All right, time to win. That's right. See how they're gonna hurt us today. Yeah. Glue gun goddess. Two hours. We have two hours. Hey, everybody, remember, you need to have time to make sure your station is all clean today. I'm like, Gretchen, can you shut up, please? Does that feel tight? Does that feel better? But you can make it tighter if you want. We had to make an accessory. I made her a ring out of that little bag of Jacks. I don't know. It looks like a--it looks like garbage. It does look like garbage. Excuses. Excuses. I just wasn't innovative enough with it. I have to have an accessory, so I was thinking, like, would this be an awful anklet? No one does anklets. [Laughs] 2010. I love this ring, though. I love the ring. But that's kind of a lot on your hand. I feel like the accessory-- that I could whip it up in a really short amount of time. Perfect. I think it's really strong. Yeah, I like it. Wow. What a fabulous-looking room this is. I have chills. I really do. All right, I have business, though, also. You have two hours to send your models to the garnier hair salon and the l'oreal Paris makeup room, all right? You know to use the piperlime accessory wall. All right, everybody? So let's have a fabulous Runway day. Yay! I want this to look like the girl we all wish we were. She's supposed to be downtown and, like, doesn't really give a crap. I just want her to wear this, and it's too bulky, so I need short hair. And not too messy, but not too polished. All right, what can I do with this? What is the feel that you're going for. She's, like, going to a martini bar. We can actually try our version of a small, short french braid in here. Okay. I want it to be like this, but more professional. Wait. Close your eyes. Misako. Got it? You got it. I was thinking maybe a softer look with her makeup, maybe this kind of pink, maybe just, like, a tiny bit of gloss. This make sense? I'll leave these with you guys. Love it. Thank you. Thank you very much. Is that shoe your size, albie? Well, you know... [Laughs] That's what I want. Thank you. I'm in really great shape. But in my sightline is Andy, and he has genius going on this dress form, and there's no way he's ever going to do it. If you need help... Oh, my gosh. Totally. Are you using these ribbons? Andy, can I help you? Peach and April come by, 'cause they're both done with their garments. And so I was so thankful that people in this competition have great hearts, and those two women, bless them. Andy had a lot of help, and it's hard for me because I feel like that's a time management issue. He always picks things that are too big to accomplish. Designers and models, in ten minutes, we are going down to the Runway, all right? All: Yes. Make it work, everybody. Do you want me to start, like, folding this? Ooh, actually, yeah. Oh, my God. So Tim comes in, and we have ten minutes till Runway. And my hands are shaking because i'm so freaking out trying to finish everything. Whoo! Come on. We can do it. Sit down... No, I'm fine. So why don't you kneel down and stand up into it. The materials I've chosen are napkins. Like, that goes without saying it's very, very, very fragile. I am so nervous that she's going to tear this dress. So I get my piece on the model, and I realize, of course, it's not fitting. It's a little small. So I've got to cut it up, frankenstein it back together, and somehow try to hot glue it on her. The pressure is on. It is high-pressure cooker. I have no time left. I'm just gluing stuff, and I don't know where I'm going. I don't know if it's even gonna look good. How's it going? Are you gonna make it? I'm almost done. I think it's cute. Great. Just be careful. Ooh, I'm getting light-headed i'm blowing too much. Designers and models? It's time to go down to the Runway. And I'm extremely excited for all of us. Let's go. Coming up on Project Runway... Where do I start? I think a few things went wrong. Oh, my goodness. It's couture. It's couture. Hello. Welcome to the Runway. As you know, in fashion, one day you're in, and the next day you're out. There are 14 of you here, and, after tonight, there will be 13. All of your materials for this challenge came from a party store. It gives us the chance to see how well you can think outside of the box and that you can show us that you can be innovative. Okay, let's meet the judges. First, we have cfda lifetime achievement award-winner Michael kors... Hey, guys. Fashion director for Marie Claire magazine Nina Garcia. Hello, everyone. And we have a very special guest for you today. [Cheers and applause] Whoo! Cartwheel. And howdy. Both: Mwah. Mwah. We're very excited to have iconic American fashion designer betsey Johnson. Hi, guys. All: Hi. I think it's amazing that betsey Johnson is here, smiling at everybody. She totally rules. Love betsey Johnson. We will score your designs as they come down the Runway. One of you will be named the winner... And one of you will be out. Okay, let's start the show. [House music] ♪ ♪ the foundation of my dress is all napkins that I sewed together. And I think my fabric look is beautiful. I'm really gonna try to wow the judges with the fact that I can make something look so real. So my overall design ends up looking like alice in wonderland. I like the way it looked. I thought it looked amazing. Cassie looks amazing in the dress. From where I'm sitting, it looks like a leather dress. It looks like leather and chain, and it was amazing. Like, I wasn't expecting that at all. I love to use lots of color. Pink and yellow are my favorite. For me, I find color to be inspiring. I'm definitely somebody who always wants to stand out. I think that I might be able to win this one. We almost got some Booty. [Laughs] Oh, Ivy. I think it's a really pretty ballerina/garden party dress. And it's just absolutely beautiful. As long as you're true to yourself and you push yourself, you should be very proud of the item that you've put out. Right now, I'm feeling so confident about my design. It's like a flamenco dancer meets Carolina herrera meets beyonce meets Michael costello. They all get together and pop out my dress. My design looks really, really great. She's got her cute, little handbag in her hand. It fits her like a doggone glove. I'm very excited. I think the coolest thing about watching my look come down the Runway was that I really could see myself in it. I made something that's high fashion and something that is straight up ready to wear. I'm really inspired by color and texture. And I don't compromise for anybody. In the past two challenges, I've proven myself, so I'm feeling really confident about this one. When I saw my model walking on the Runway, I felt confident i did a good job. I had, like, a print on the front, a thousand of ruffles. The gown is absolutely dramatic. I was worried about my dress staying together. It's difficult to mold her body into a fabric that is kind of stiff. Definitely nerve-racking. I feel really confident. My aesthetic really deals with texture. That's why I went with black and silver and just staying true to who I am, I guess. I'm seeing my piece come down the Runway. I am just so happy that my little dress is on her. There's nothing popping out. She's sewn into it. It's not going anywhere. And it's a mild relief at this point. I think my dress looks really good. It looks like it took a lot of time, and it looks like I worked really hard on it. And it looks really clean and well made, so I'm really hoping that I do win. If I call your name, please step forward. Peach. Michael costello, please step forward. Ivy. Kristin. Michael drummond, please step forward. Mondo. Christopher. April. If I have called your name, congratulations, your scores have qualified you to move on to the next challenge. You can leave the Runway. People always have this conception that fashion's really glamorous. Yes, it's probably about 5% fun, 95% work. And it's really, really stressful. The remaining designers have the highest and the lowest scores. Let's bring out your models. I feel like the top three are Valerie, Gretchen, of course, and Andy. All: Andy. So well done. So glad to see somebody innovative and creative. Totally. Innovative and creative. Exactly. It's very innovative. Yeah. And so that leaves us worried about a.J. And... Sarah. Casanova's up there too. And Casanova. Casanova for sure. I think it might be between a.J. And Sarah. Yeah. One of you will be named the winner. And one of you will be out. The remaining designers have the highest and the lowest scores. One of you will be named the winner, and one of you will be out. Models, for this challenge, if your designer is eliminated... You will also be eliminated. Valerie. Tell us about your look and your material. This dress is entirely made out of napkins. I used about 600 of them. And I cut them all into quarters to make them really, you know, expand. And I kind of just kept it really simple on top. Her accessory is, actually, a cuff. To me, it kind of looked like lucite. And I also really took into consideration your comments last time and really was very mindful of my styling. Well, I think you took it 360 in the styling. I think she looks like a modern girl. She's a girl you want to know. I think that you kind of chucked it on the accessory. I had a hard time with that. You know, when a girl is gonna look clean, the accessories, you really notice them, so it has to be really something special. I think the other thing also is it's beautifully cut. She looks great in it. Thank you. I think it's fun yet sophisticated. I love the fact that you played with the graphics. It just gives it a pop. The look is beautiful, sophisticated, lovely. I love it too. Thank you, betsey. It's absolutely beautiful to me, but what I really love most about it is, in that dress, you go to a party, and you just hang around the people eating the dim sum and the messy hors d'oeuvres, and there you are... You're ready to go. A tasting, face-wipe napkin dress. I love things that do something like that. I loved it too. You know, she looks super sexy. I think it's a job well done. I like it too. Thank you, Heidi. Appreciate it. A.J. Okay, first of all, I want to say I had a lot of fun with this challenge. I love working with stuff like this. I was inspired by New York City club kids, and I wanted to do a birthday dress. I preferred to show off some of my party favors instead of trying to hide them, because that's very me and that's my style. My necklace is my accessory. And I used cupcake foils. I was really happy with the end result, so... Theress to me looks like you've used everything you could possibly find in the store. It just looks silly to me. I have to say the only thing that I like is the necklace. There's nothing wrong with camp, but this is just like you threw l the party favors at her at the same time. It looks like a hot mess. Thank you. That was not a compliment. Quite frankly, there's no shape or fit to it. It's not cut for anyone with a body. S actually has a 31 a-cup. I do want to tell you that. No, it's not that. It's not that. This...Doesn't go far enough to look unintentional, and it's not perfect enough to look intentional. And I have to say the other thing, when I look at the skirt part of this dre, the crotch with the fringe... Yeah. Eh. I knew that was risky. I actually ran out of yardage at that point, so I had to make it work. I mean, I'm all for short, but I don't know about the fringe crotch being a focal point. At least you have the party spirit going on there. And wouldn't you think that I would just steal that to wear tonight? I kind of hope you would have my back. Yeah, I just wish you had taken it much further. I would have liked to see it a zillion times exploded. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. Andy. The only material I used were spools of ribbon. They're all just plain ribbon that I folded and simulated this paper crane kind of effect. To create a really interesting fabric and textile and shine. And my accessory--I love a good glove, so I was ecstatic to find balloons in my bag. Well, I think the dress is exciting. You really made the material, you know, turn into something else. It's a real transformation. I could see you and rihanna fighting over that one. Well, I saw it first. I'm gonna get it first. To think that this is just a dresmade of ribbon material from a party store. I think that's remarkable. I agree with you both on the beautiful execution and the wearability. But I miss a little more kind of fun because I'm just stuck in the party store. It's just too beautiful. Casanova, tell us about your materials and your look. I consider myself very couturier, and, for me, it's hard to find h to make a dress that look like a dress with plastic stuff. I make the skirt with their kind of posters of '70s body. Then I make the ruffle with another plastic for cover the tables. I bought two plush puppies and make this scarf. And to make the accessory, I just choose to make silver earrings. Where do I start? I mean, she looks like a transvestite flamenco dancer at a funeral. I mean, she just does. Because, you know, this, you were not trying for funny. You were trying for glamorous. The workmanship is there, but the taste level is just totally missing. I love the idea of she's, you know, one thing from the front. Want to turn around, please? And a completely other thing in the back. I love the back. Yeah. Just as a whole, there's so many things going on, and I think a few things went wrong. Sarah. Okay, um, what's happening here is gray plastic table liner and this enormous cardboard palm tree, which I then spray-painted with floral paint and cut up and turned into other pieces. I do think it looks like a cutout dress. Almost like a paper cutout that you put on her. It seems very simple. Iave to say, I wrote "sad." It esn't look like a fully kind of composed idea. It just looks like you were kind of like, "I'm gonna make these damn palm trees work." And the simple truth is, you got to sometimes admit to yourself when you're designing something, "this isn't working." I definitely did, and then I rejected it, and that's why-- so I totally agree with what you're saying. You got to go with your gut. You've got to go with your gut. And I don't think you did. To me, it's a mishmash. It's kind of like, you kw, we got a really strange mix going on. I just said, "not funny." So I guess that's sad. Gretchen. These are garlands, which I hand-cut into chevrons, and my-- my leather jacket is made out of paper bags that I crumpled up, and my accessory is a cuff made out of ribbon. And the black is parts of the balloon that I snipped to create this kind of, like, tribal element, but still downtown. I wrote, "fabulous." I loved it when it walked down the Runway. I mean, I see the little details, yes. Perhaps the proportion of the skirt is a little too long... For the boot. I think that you're very now. I just like the whole vibe is very cool. She's the girl that lives in today's world. Thank you. I think it's you. I think you use yourself genuinely as a template, and it shows. The funny way I see it is that we've got Tina Turner in dreamgirls on the bottom and we've got Mel Gibson in mad max on the top. And the boots really confuse me. I'm not loving the boots either. Um, but that's the only thing I don't love. Thank you. Okay, so we've heard what you had to say. We're gonna have a little chat. And then I'm gonna call you back. You can leave the Runway. [Chatter] What happened? Oh, we don't know yet. Basically, everyone hated my dress, but Betsy kind of liked it. All of their opinions matter, but hers is probably the one that I would care about the most, so I'm really happy. What did they say about yours? They really liked it. Well, I think Andy's piece was really lovely. I want to hear what-- all right. Yes. I want to hear from him. Betsey was on the fence 'cause she just said it was too beautiful. Oh, right. She wanted-- which is a compliment, I think. But I also feel like you are a really-- i think she felt like it was too serious. Can I talk for a minute? Sure. I feel like when you're... Talk all the time. What was really lovely about-- you talk all the time. Stop. Please just stop. I'm just really frustrated. I'm not gonna argue with you tonight. You're just being sensitive because you're on the bottom. All right, let's talk about the designers and their designs that we didn't like. Let's start with Casanova. Oh, my goodness. You know, he's basically telling you that he's a grand couturier. Well, the reality is he has no taste. He comes out with the oddest... Combination platter. I mean, the ruffled leg. The ruffled legs were the weirdest to me. I did think, though, that he had a few good ideas. He had a hundred dresses in one. Sarah, to me, didn't do anything. Nothing. Yeah, she did. She made us bored. I mean, that was, like, nothing. I actually think she was so intent on the damn palm tree. Why did she not get rid of that palm tree and try something different? She could have glitter-lined it. It could--it just could have been more embellished or something. You know, she sent out a snooze, but she knew it was a snooze. Casanova had no idea. It's couture. It's couture. It's a good thing to be humble and say, "I didn't make this work." All right, let's talk about a.J. I expected to be wowed by the pink party clothes. That just I felt was made badly and just didn't work and... It didn't look intentional, and it didn't look unintentional. It wasn't enough. To me, it looked like a kid's costume. It looked like a hat from a-- from a shower. Well, or a pinata exploded. I don't know. Yeah. Let's talk about the designers that we did like. Betsey, what did you think about Valerie's dress? Beautiful construction. Beautiful lines. Beautiful proportions. I mean... It was flirty and fun. Her model looked really sexy but not vulgar. It was a pretty dress. Styled well, though, right? Styled we--yes. She really paid attention to our comments. It was lovely. Betsey, what did you think about Andy's overall look? Andy's was so... Beautifully made, so great. He really gave it such dimension. I love the silver woven in. The dress was cut really, really well. Very cool. The whole look was very well put together. And we also liked Gretchen's design. She's been a very good designer. Like, Kate moss would wear that look. Just that way. She made several pieces and then put them all together. And the way she styled it, that's how Marie Claire would style it. So we've made our decision? Yes. Yeah, I think so. Okay, let's bring them back out. The six of you represent the best and the worst. One of you will be named the winner, and one of you will be out. The six of you represent the best and the worst. One of you will be named the winner, and one of you will be out. Valerie, you're in. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. All: Hey. Are you safe? Did you win? Always a bridesmaid, never a bride. All: Aw. Girl, you made top three twice. Shut up. I don't even want to hear it. [Laughter] Andy, Gretchen, one of you will be the winner of this challenge. Andy, we love what you did. This outfit could walk into any cool event and turn heads. It was really well put together. Gretchen, you stepped up again, and you delivered. You are also the only one that did separates. And they were all well made. And we could tally see you in the overall look. Andy, congratulations. You are the winner of this challenge. Thank you. Thank you veryh. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. Good job. [Whoops] Yay! [Cheers and applause] I feel pretty damn amazing right now, and I think needed this, cause the past two challenges I thought I did really good work that I thought fell below the judges' rar. Oh, it feels amazi all right, good job. But this time, they said this dress exactly meand it was. Gretchen, you're in. You n leave the Runway. Thank you very much. A.J., you're in. You can leave the Runway. Thank you guys so much. Sarah, Casanova, one of you will be out. Casanova, you have been up here before. And there's a reason for that. You tried a lot with this look and got derailed. Sarah, your dress was sad and boring. You should have trusted your instincts. We had a tough decision today. We had to decide between a boring and safe or the parade float. Casanova... You're in. You can leave the Runway. Thank you. Bye. He's in. [Applause] Casanova. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry, Sarah. That means you're out. Auf wiederesehen. Hey. Hey. Hi. God, don't be so sad. You're gonna make me cry. You need a vacay, huh? Oh, hi. Wow. I just made out with your neck. [Laughter] It's really sad to go in there and, like, see--have to say good-bye to all these designers that, like, we met and we've been working together and we're just getting to know each other. It's kind of amazing the connections that you make with people even after such a short time. Oh, Michael. You can't do that because then I'm gonna look at you, and i'm gonna start crying. Don't--don't be doing that. It's definitely, you know, a sad little moment, because, you know, that's like--that's the last, you know, five minutes i've got to spend with them, and then away she goes. Everyone, that was a fabulous show. Yay. It was fantastic. [Applause] Whoo! But, as you know, it's Project Runway musical chairs, and someone goes home. That's true. So, Sarah, we're gonna miss you terribly. Ohh. Bye, guys. All: Bye, Sarah. I have to send you to the workroom. I'm gonna clean up my stuff. It's all right. You take care. I surely will, Mr. Gunn. Thank you. Why didn't I just listen to myself and do my cute, little dress that I wanted to do and then I would be a whole lot smilier right now? The dress that I sent out was was not good. But too late now. [Ambulance siren beeping] Okay, she's conscious. She's in the hallway. Just try to breathe nice and deep for me. Nice and easy. Almost immediately from walking out the door to the elevator, Ivy passed out. Nice, easy breaths. Ivy's just fainted. And I'm worried, because I know they have to take her to the hospital, and I--it just seems really serious to me. What are you feeling right now? Do you feel a little better? Okay. I'm just really scared for her. I don't know if she's gonna be okay, if she's gonna go home. This has never happened to you before? Never? You still feel a little dizzy? [Sirens wailing] Next time on Project Runway... I'm excited to introduce you to the artist himself-- philip treacy. [Applause] To have you dress worn with one of his hats, that's, like, the Holy grail, dude. I wanted her to have an open neck. Agh! This really is going to be a tough challenge. I see some worried looks around here. I kind of wanted to do something a little off-the-cuff. You sold it short. Literally. The design itself, it never came together at all. Oh. [Laughs] No. Visit mylifetime.com to learn more about the fashion you've seen on tonight's show. You've seen on tonight's show. -- Sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 