Cilla: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cilla 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cilla (2014): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 In Liverpool in 1960 17-year old typist Cilla White frequents the Cavern club, where she occasionally sings. Her friend Ringo Starr, drummer with Rory Storm and the Hurricanes suggests she accompany the band to Hamburg for concerts but her parents forbid it, By chance she meets Bobby Willis, who claims to be in the music industry but actually works in a bakery. Cilla is not impressed when she learns the truth about him but allows him to be her manager. At their first gig she is erroneously billed as Cilla Black but likes the name. Ringo is now playing with the Beatles, who arrange for Cilla to audition with their manager Brian Epstein. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (ROCK AND ROLL MUSIC PLAYING) (INDISTINCT CHATTER) (WOMAN LAUGHING) Excuse me. -WOMAN: Hi, Cilla. -Hi, love. -Whoa! -Oh, here she is! MAN: Ey! That's pushing in, that is! What about us lot stood here? Pipe down. She saved a place for me. ANNOUNCER: Hi there, all you cave dwellers. We've got the hi-fi high and the lights down low. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -So here we go with The Big Three show! -(CROWD CHEERING) # See the girl with the red dress on # She can shake it all night long. Yeah, yeah # All I've gotta say # Tell me what I say now (CHEERING) # And when you see me in misery # Come on, baby, stand by me Yeah, yeah (SCREAMING) # All I've gotta say # Tell me what I'd say now # Hey! ALL: # Hey! # Ho! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 # Ho! # Huh! # Huh! # Huh! # Huh! # Huh! # Huh! # Yeah, it's all right! (CROWD SCREAMING) # Baby, it's all right now # Yeah! # Baby, it's all right # Baby, it's all right now # Tell me what I say now # (CROWD SCREAMING) (LAUGHTER) All right, then. Come on, girls. It's your turn now. Is there anyone out there wants to come up here and show the fellas how it's done? (CHEERING) YOUNG WOMAN: Me! Me! Go on, Cil. Cil, go and have a go. No, no. They won't want me. -You can sing? -Yeah, she can. Oh, go on, please! Over here! All right, you. Come on up. (CHEERING) -What's your name? -It's Susan. -It's Susan, everyone. -(CHEERING) -And what do you wanna do, love? -Er, Fever. Okay, everyone, here she is. Give her a big hand. It's Susan. (CHEERING) MAN: Yeah! (MUSIC PLAYING) # Never know how much I love you # And you never know how much I care # 'Cause when you put your arms around me # I get a fever that's so hard to bear # You give me fever # Oh, come on, Cil! -Will I see you tomorrow? -Maybe. Maybe? Why only maybe? I... I don't really want a boyfriend. I'd better go. (LAUGHING) It's a shame I couldn't let him take me home. Me mum would have a fit. -What, 'cause he's... -Yeah. A Proddy. Oh, it's so annoying. I never seem to fancy any Catholic fellas. They're too busy going after all the Proddy girls. Yeah, 'cause they know they won't get nothing off of us! (LAUGHING) (CHILDREN YELLING INDISTINCTLY) Sometimes I don't wanna walk all the way round the back just to get in me own home, Vera. So, I come through the barber's downstairs. I was walking past his customers the other day and he says to me, "Eh, you, back stairs!" Yeah, like I was a scullery maid! -I could have died of shame. -(KNOCKING AT DOOR) -Door! -Door! -Can't somebody answer it? -It'll be for you, anyway. (SIGHS) (GASPS) You got 'em! Arrived this morning! Oh! I love 'em! (LAUGHS) Mum! I have to got to get a pair of blue jeans. Look. Pat's got 'em from Pauline's mum's catalogue. Only one and three a week. Fab, aren't they? I don't like them. I'm sorry, Pat. They're just not very elegant. Oh, don't listen to her. I'm getting a pair. I've had a raise at work. -Have you? -Cilla's got herself a very good new job, V. Typist at British Insulated Callender's Cables Company Limited. Mmm. Her school report said she was suitable for office work. We were so proud, me and him. Imagine that. The first one in the family suitable for office work. Shut up, Mum. Come on, Pat. Bye, Vera. Ta-ra, Dad. -Ta-ra. -Ta-ra. Go the back way. Don't give that bloody barber the satisfaction. (DOOR SLAMS) Did er... Did they say if your Ronnie was suitable for office work? You know they didn't. Hmm... CILLA: When I start going steady me fella's gotta be older than me. And I want him to be sophisticated. Oh, yeah. Sophisticated. -He's gotta be at least 23, Pat. 23 or 25. -Hmm. 27. (CHUCKLES) PAT: And he's gotta have loads of money to spend on me. -Oh, yeah. -And a car. Oh, yeah. CILLA: I'm sick of getting blisters from walking everywhere. (BOTH LAUGHING) -(CILLA KNOCKS ON DOOR) -(SIGHS) CILLA: This'll look great when it's done, Elsie. You'll look like Doris Day. Won't she, Pat? It's a very natural look. Platinum blonde it's called. -Is it? -Mmm. -Give it a bit of time to take, then we'll rinse it off. -Okay. You know, when we open our salon, we're gonna have rows of sinks in there, and we can wash your hair while you're sitting at the chair. And when'll that be? We'll have to go to college and do training first. Well, that's a point. They generally don't let you open a salon until you've got the first clue what you're doing. That's normally a condition. Shut up, Ringo! Don't listen to him. It's good of you to let us practise on you. Anyway, I thought you had your heart set on being a singer? I have. The salon's a back-up, isn't it? You should come and watch me play with me band one night. Rory Storm and the Hurricanes they're called. He's a Hurricane. Well, if we go it'll be for Rory Storm, not you. You know bands have been getting girls up on stage to do numbers with 'em? Yeah. Rory said he might try it at one of our gigs. You know, people like it, girls singing rock 'n' roll. He should get 'em to play the drums. It might be an improvement. (CHUCKLES) -Hey, Cil. -What? Your mother's on fire. -(GASPS) Oh! -Come on, Elsie. We'll rinse that off now. You're all right. (TYPEWRITER KEYS CLACKING) You all right, girl? How's it going? What are you doing here? That's not very friendly, is it? You'll get me the sack! I've come to ask you something. -Hamburg? -In Germany. Yeah, I know where it is. Why do you want to take me with you? It's because you're a good singer, aren't you? Look, the contract says we have to have a girl singer, all right? I've asked a few others and they've turned us down. And you're the only one left I could think of. Do you really think I could do it? Yeah, definitely. But you've got to prove to Rory first that you can sing. And how do I do that? Oh, just come up on stage with us one night. I'll square it with the lads. Show 'em you've got what it takes and then the job's yours. I don't know what me dad would say. (LIGHTER CLICKING) # You know she wiggles like a glow worm # Dance like a spinnin' top (CHEERING) # She got a crazy partner You ought to see 'em reel and rock # As long as she got a dime the music won't never stop # Roll over, Beethoven # Roll over, Beethoven # Roll over, Beethoven # Roll over, Beethoven (SCREAMING) # Roll over, Beethoven # Dig these rhythm and blues # (CHEERING AND SCREAMING) Come on, then. Oh, don't back out now. -I don't know. -Come on. Eh, Rory! Excuse me. Rory! Let me friend Cilla have a go, will you? Cilla White. Oh, go on. Ringo said it'd be all right. Let her up. Yeah. Come on. Okay, we're gonna have a song now from Cilla in the audience. -(CHEERING) -RORY: Come on. -What do you want to sing? -Erm, A Shot of Rhythm and Blues? Okay. Go on. (WHISTLING) RORY: All right, lads. A Shot of Rhythm and Blues. (BREATHING HEAVILY) It's a one, two, three, four. (MUSIC PLAYING) # Well, when your hands start a-clapping and your fingers start a-snapping # And your feet start a-moving around # And you start to swing and sway when the band starts to play # A real cool, way-out sound # And if you just can't help it and you can't sit down # You feel like you gotta move around # You get a shot of rhythm and blues # With just a little rock 'n' roll on the side # Just for good measure # You get a pair of dancing shoes # With your lover by your side # Don't you know you're gonna have a lot of pleasure? # Don't you worry 'bout a thing when you start to dance and sing # And chill bumps come up on you # And when the rhythm finally hits you and the beat hits you, too # Well, here's the thing for you to do # Don't you worry 'bout a thing when you start to dance and sing # And chill bumps come up on you # And when the rhythm finally hits you and the beat hits you too # Well, here's the thing for you to do # Oh, you get a shot of rhythm and blues # Oh-oh, get a shot of rhythm and blues # Whoo! # -(CILLA LAUGHING) -(CHEERING) That was Cilla White, everyone. (CHEERING AND WHISTLING) Swinging Cilla! (LAUGHING) RINGO: What do you think, Mr White? She's definitely got the talent to do it. I think them Germans would love her in Hamburg. (CILLA SIGHS) (SIGHS) I'm sorry, Cil, but you can't go. What? Oh, Dad, please! You're just too young. You can't just go off to a foreign country with the likes of him. -I mean, no offence, lad... -I'll look after her, Mr White. I promise I will. I'm very trustworthy, ask anyone. (STUTTERING) Yeah. 'Ey... I mean, what about your work? I mean, you can't just give up your work for a few weeks playing with a bloody band. BIG CILLA: Come on, love. You've got a smashin' job. Most girls would give their eye teeth for a job like that British Insulated Callender's Cables Company Limited. Well, they can have it, 'cos I'm not staying there another minute longer than I have to. (JOHN GROANS) Look, I've said me piece, lad, all right? It's not the right time for her. (SIGHS) Oh, I'll never get another chance like that. They were gonna pay me and everything. I'll be stuck in that typing pool forever. Erm, do you think you could cheer up a bit? That face is curdling the milk in me coffee. Ignore him, Cil. As the jockey said to the horse, "Why the long face?" Excuse me. I don't think anybody invited you to come and sit with us, did they? You can keep your crap jokes to yourself. My mate says he's seen you get up on stage and sing. Is that right? -Did you want something? -Bobby Willis is the name. I'm a singer meself. And I write songs. Maybe I could write one for you? -I only like American songs. -Me too. I was just over in the States actually. So, where are you ladies going now? I'm gonna go and see some jazz with me mates. -You wanna join us? -No, thanks. I could give you a lift if you like. You've got a car? (MUSIC PLAYING) Oh, save it for later, will you, lad? All I can hear is your bloody slurping! (KISSING) -Get off, will you? -What? I was just trying to change gear! (JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING) (CILLA LAUGHS) -So, how old are you, then? -Me? 24. Nearly 25, actually. It was Venice Road School you went to, wasn't it? No, I went to St Anthony's. That's right, I'm a Catholic. That's what you're fishing for, isn't it? Which means I'm not interested in a Proddy like you. All that's overblown anyway. All that religion stuff, don't you think? (CHUCKLES) So, er, can I see you home tonight? You know, walk you to your front door, make sure you're safe? -I haven't got one. -You what? I haven't got a front door. Me mam hates it. We live in a flat and the front way in is through the barber's downstairs, but they always moan and they're shut now anyway so... What about the back door? Me dad doesn't like lads coming round the back. So can I see you again? -I don't want a boyfriend. -Why not? Too busy having a good time. You can have a good time with me, can't you? If you've got any washing, just leave it on the side and I'll do it for you later. Thanks, lad. What the bloody hell you add another motor for? It's for the Judys, Dad. They love it, don't they? Bloody price of petrol! And, hey... Don't be bringing any Catholics back here or you'll have your aunties to answer to. Never mind about Catholics. Just make sure she's got two legs first! -Oh, here we go again. -(LAUGHING) (CHUCKLES) Seriously, Dad. He pulled this Judy the other week, she had a wooden leg. What? Well, I couldn't see properly, could I? It was dark in there. Ey, don't come all that with me now. You haven't got a leg to stand on. -(LAUGHING) -Leg to stand on! (ALL LAUGHING) (ROCK AND ROLL MUSIC PLAYING) BOBBY: # You say you love me and you'll always be true to me # You say that you will be mine eternally # So, baby, why do you run from my arms # When you're close to me? # Could it be... All right there, Mr Kirby? You like that one? One of me own compositions, that. Late again this morning, Willis. Oh, yeah. Sorry about that. (STUTTERS) It was me bike, it had a puncture. Yes, well, that puncture, phantom or otherwise, has cost you a double shift tonight. I'm looking for volunteers and I've decided to volunteer you. -Not tonight, Mr Kirby. I've got something on. -Yeah. Working the late shift. (MUSIC PLAYING IN THE BACKGROUND) Hiya, Cil. What are you doing all on your own? Just waiting for somebody. Against me better judgement. -This is me new fella, George. -Hiya. -I hope he's worth it. -George plays the guitar. Oh, you're with The Beatles, aren't you? Me and me mate Pat, we went to watch you the other week. We had a chat with your drummer Pete Best after. He's gorgeous, Pete. -Ah, but is he as gorgeous as me? -(GIGGLING) (GASPING) So you are gonna come and watch them later? They're on at The Cavern. And I was thinking that... Oh. I'll see you, Cil. -Well? -Bobby's gonna be a bit late, Cilla. -What? -Just a problem at the recording studio. They had to... Tune something up, I think. Anyway... He sent me instead, advance party, 'cos he didn't want you to think he'd stood you up. But he has stood me up? Only partially. And I'm here now, aren't I? Just pretend I'm Bobby. -What are you doing? -Just washing a few things. That's not how you do it. You gotta use soap flakes. I told you I'd do it for you. I don't wanna be putting it on you all the time. I don't mind chipping in. I told you, Kenny, I don't mind. Just leave it all there and I'll do it for you when I get in. Got a clean shirt for tomorrow, haven't you? I ironed a load the other night. Aye, I've got tomorrow's, yeah. Thanks, lad. -Where are you going? -Off, out. -It's gone ten! -(DOOR SLAMMING) I hope they've got a spare room at the nuthouse. 'Cause that's where he's heading. Oh, come on, he's a good kid. # Someday they'll see that from the start # My place has been deep in your heart # And in your heart... He's a bit of a wash-out this fella, isn't he? Who sends their mate to take you out instead? I suppose I should laugh, really. (GIGGLING) # Now that I'm really sure you love me... (SCREAMING) What d'you think of George? He's very sweet but... Well, he's just a baby. You know me, I like 'em older, with a bit of money to spend on me. (LAUGHS) At least Bobby's 24. He's nearly 25. -Is that his name? -Bobby Willis. Works in the recording industry. Bobby Willis? Always telling crap jokes? He works in the bakery at Woolworth's, Cil. And he's only our age, me brother went to school with him. And the last bird he pulled had a wooden leg. # Whoo! # (CHEERING AND SCREAMING) Thank you. Thanks very much. You've been a lovely audience. No, no. Actually, you've been an audience, we've been lovely. -(CROWD LAUGHING) -PAT: Hey, John, give Cil a go! Go on. It's not a talent show, you know? -(SHOUTING) -Please! -Go on, John. -Bloody hell. Come on, then, Cyril. (SQUEALING AND LAUGHING) -Thank you. -Come up, hon. -Is Boys all right? -You hum it, love, we'll play it. It's me favourite. The song, I mean, not boys. Well, I like boys as well. (LAUGHING) So, so... So, for little Cyril here... Opportunity Knocks. (CHEERING AND WHOOPING) # I've been told when a boy kiss a girl # She takes a trip around the world # Yeah, yeah # Bop-shoo-wop # Bop-bop-shoo-wop # Hey, hey # Bop-shoo-wop Bop-bop-shoo-wop # Hey, hey, yeah! Please say you do # Bop-shoo-wop, yeah! # My mama says when you kiss my lips # I get a thrill through my fingertips Yeah, yeah -Everything all right? -I've done me best, lad. # Bop-shoo-wop Bop-bop-shoo-wop # Hey, hey, yeah! Please say you do # Bop-shoo-wop, yeah! # Well, I'm talking 'bout boys # Yeah, yeah, boys # Don't you know I mean boys # Yeah, yeah, boys # Well, I'm talking 'bout boys # Yeah, yeah, boys # Yeah, yeah # Yeah, yeah, boys # I said, I'm talking 'bout boys # What a bundle of joy # Bloody hell, she's amazing. # Don't you know I mean boys # Yeah, yeah, boys # I said I'm talking about boys # Yeah, yeah, boys # Don't you know I mean boys now! # Yeah, yeah, boys # I said I'm talking about boys # Yeah, yeah, boys # Well, I'm talking about boys # Yeah, yeah, boys # What a bundle of joy # A bundle of joy! # (CHEERING) Right, well, we're not following that, so we're gonna take a short break. We'll see you in five. (CHEERING) Cilla? Cil? Cilla? Cilla! (EXHALES) I'm sorry I'm late. That was fab. I mean, that was pure rock 'n' roll. I knew you were good, but not that good. Where have you been? Sandpapering your girlfriend's leg? Why does everyone have to keep bringing that up? Or maybe working at the studio? Tuning things up, were you? -Ah. -You're a liar, you are. You work at a bakery, Bobby Willis. And you're not 24, nearly 25. You're the same bloody age as me! And I bet that car's not even yours. It's definitely mine. All bought and paid for. You can drive off in it on your own, 'cause I'm not interested any more. All right? It's not mine! The car. The cheek of it. Sending his mate as a bloody warm-up act! I don't know who he thinks he is. That's Bobby Willis all over. (GIGGLING) -Ta. -Come on, hurry up. I've only got an hour! -Sorry. Ta. -Sorry, love. BOUNCER: Come on. CILLA: Sorry. Hey, Cil, that's Brian Epstein. He's The Beatles' manager. Hey, and guess what I heard from George? He's gonna sack Pete Best and get Ringo in. -You're joking! -It hasn't come out yet. But they've signed contracts with him and everything. He says they trust Brian 'cause he knows how to talk proper, without an accent, like. -He's very classy-looking. -I bet you he's loaded. George said he's interested in signing a girl singer, you know. But, I mean, he's got loads of 'em throwing themselves at him. Some girl who sings down the Iron Door's doing a demo for him next week. We've gotta get you in there, Cil. You can have two. That should do you, love, shouldn't it? Can I have them tins of spaghetti? -The kids love them. -We don't need them, do we, son? -No, take it. -Thanks, Robert. Hey, lad. Come on, I'll take you for a pint. KENNY: Drives me bloody mad. We pay out from our wages stockin' that larder, and Dad just gives it all away to Jean. He promised Mum before she died that he'd look after her, didn't he? -Well, she's bloody married. She's got kids of her own now. -All right, lads. He still feels sorry for her though, doesn't he? You know, being adopted and everything. I don't buy that no more. She's traded off that all her life. One big sympathy card, it is with her. Anyway, how's your love life? Huh. Nothing happening. What, the redhead's out the picture? Well, I've told you, I can set you up on a date. Mind you, I'll have to go out on a limb for you. (LAUGHS) Out on a limb! Thank you. Kenny, you and Rose... What about us? I mean, you'll end up marrying her, won't you? I expect so, lad. How did you know, like, that she'd be the one? Well, I don't know, do I? How does anyone know? All I'll say is this, there's the ones who are hard to pull and the ones who are easy. Now, the best ones are the ones who are easy, who you like. But mostly the ones who are easy, you don't like. Then there's the hard ones who you don't like. They're no problem. It's when you find one who's hard to pull, who you really like... That's when you're in trouble, lad. -We really rate you. Don't we, Ade? -We do. You see, that's why we want you to sing with us. You see, as a band, "The Big Three" we're really fuc... Er, puckin' going places. Oh, no, I couldn't go abroad. Me dad wouldn't let me. No, we just want you to sing with us round here. And how many others have turned you down before you've come to Cilla? None. Honest. A couple of others. There's this girl Beryl Marsden we tried, but apparently she's got a recording contract lined up. -Who with? -Brian Epstein. Oh! So Cilla's an after-thought? Look, we really like her. We think you're puckin' great. TREVOR: I'm telling you, Roger Hunt can do it anywhere, First Division, England. -I'm telling you, he scores goals for fun. -Bobby! All right, lads. How's it going? Like the new threads? Where'd you get 'em? From a tailor's. -Brian Epstein bought it for me. -The Beatles fella? Yeah, Brian Epstein. He's a really nice guy. He's a manager. Wants to hear me sing. (SCOFFS) You can't sing a bloody note! I can have lessons, can't I? Why did he buy it for you, Degsy? I'll just say yes. I mean, if I'm singing in clubs anyway, I might as well make some money out of it. Yeah, hut aren't we supposed to haggle or something? I don't know. Haven't you got any conditions? Erm... If they need any photos of me they've gotta be taken from the front, 'cause of how I broke me nose when I was little. That's a good one. He just likes to see a stylish young fella like me looking good, that's all. Nobody gets something for nothing, Degsy. Youse are just jealous 'cause he never bought youse one. Oh, come on, lad, she's not interested in you. I'll catch up with youse later. Come on, Cil, take it. It's a puckin' brilliant offer. And we'll look after you, separate dressing rooms and all that. -(GASPS) -Okay. Just one thing. About any photos... -Excuse me. Sorry. -What do you want? Fellas, can I have one minute with my client, please? -Client? -Puckin' client? Please, Gents, Pauline. Come on, let her talk to her manager. I said, come on! (CLEARS THROAT) -I'm sorry, but I couldn't help overhearing... -You mean snooping? I take it you haven't got any personal management? What if I haven't? What would you know about personal management down the bakery? Let me handle your negotiations and I'll get youse a better deal. I've got a good deal already, thanks. They're offering me one pound ten a gig. Yeah, well, that's what they call an opening offer. They'll pay you more. They always do. Look, that night at The Cavern you were amazing. And a brilliant singer needs a brilliant manager. And I've already proved I'm good at lying, haven't I? (CLEARS THROAT) My client's rate is two quid a gig. Take it or leave it. -Leave it. -You what? You heard. Deal's off. We're not interested any more. Hang on, you just tried to sign her. I've changed me mind. If she's gonna be tricky we'll get someone else. -She's not being tricky. -No, but you are. -And you're her puckin' manager, aren't you? -She's left. And you're her fuckin' manager, aren't you? I'm sure if I put the word around I'd get her another offer. Good luck with that. All right. Hang on. Just wait a minute, lads. (MUTTERS) Wait a minute. (SIGHS) Go on, then. We'll accept the original offer. I've just told you, that offer's withdrawn. The new offer's one pound five shillings a gig. What? That's less than you were offering five minutes ago. -Sorry, Bob. -So, is that a yes? Yes! Puckin' yes. (ACOUSTIC MUSIC PLAYING) (WHISTLING AND CHEERING) Congratulations, lad! -You got a ciggie? I'm gasping. -Yeah. (SIGHS) She looks bloody lovely, our Rose. It's just a shame there wasn't a few more here to see her. (SIGHS) I begged Dad again this morning... But he wouldn't budge. Said that his sisters would never forgive him, you know, for welcoming a Catholic into the family. Well, it's not me dad I'm marrying, is it? So you're back on with the redhead? That's another Catholic. (CHUCKLES) We're gluttons for punishment, we are. Yeah, it's going great. Except it's costing me ten bob every time I see her. What? I told her I'd be her manager, you know, and get her a pay rise. (EXHALES) In the end I ended up taking five bob less than they were offerin' in the first place. Course I told her that I'd got her a five-bob-a-night pay rise. -Just walk away! -I couldn't or she would have lost the job! No! You gotta always be prepared to walk away or don't get involved in the first place. It's like me with Dad. He's give it the all, "Ah, I won't come if you marry Rose," so I called his bluff. If someone thinks they've got the upper hand, the only way to beat them is to walk away. Well, you certainly got the upper hand. I'm gonna miss you, Kenny. Behave! I'm only going round the corner, you soft sod. Come here. CILLA: (SQUEALING) Bobby! (LAUGHS) Wait. You be careful. Your driving's getting worse. -I know. -(CILLA LAUGHS) Cilla Black? How have they managed to get me name wrong? I dunno. I had a right go at 'em, though. I don't mind. It kind of sounds all right, doesn't it? Well, it won't happen again. How you managed to get an extra five shillings a night out of Hutch, I'll never know. It wasn't easy, I can tell you that. And don't go discussing it with them now, remember. No, I won't. I'll leave all that to you. You don't think they'll mind me playing with Kingsize Taylor tonight, do you? Well, I hope they won't find out. -Hey, listen, you're in demand. -Mmm-hmm. You're hot, Cil. People want to come and see you. Thanks for being such a good manager. (GIGGLING) -Where are we, down here? -Downstairs. To the left. (CHEERING AND SCREAMING) We're gonna have a couple of numbers now from our favourite girl singer, it's Swinging Cilla! (CHEERING) You all right, Cilla? Yeah, I'm just delighted I made it up here without falling over. Me mam said these heels were too high. (CROWD LAUGHING) I've got the orange ones, and me best friend Pat she's got the green ones, so we can swap. (LAUGHING) All right, then, Ted, let's get started. I know you all know him as Kingsize, but we get our pork chops from his butcher's shop. -Tiny. -(LAUGHING) Hit it! # Well # Somebody's always talkin' about the way he walks # Somebody's always talkin' about the way he talks # Somebody's always thinkin' of something smart to say # Somebody's always tryin' to take my baby away # From now on, we want two quid a gig. Two quid? (SCOFFS) No way! We can't afford that. You heard her tonight. She's got a great voice, and she's great with an audience. -She's a draw. -Yeah, but two quid? That's gotta come out of our money. All right. Well, it's getting late, Kingsize. I'll say good night. The most we can pay is 30 bob. (INHALES AND EXHALES) Night, lad. Sorry about that. Just saying good night to the lads. They were happy with me, weren't they? Oh, aye, they loved you. -Definitely want you to do more gigs with 'em. -(GIGGLING) Hey, listen, that stuff you did in between the songs? -What stuff? -You know, the talking to the audience. That's just me nerves. I'll try and keep me gob shut in future. No, keep doing it. People love it. It lets 'em see you're just like them. Normal like. -Do you think so? -Come here. Mmm-mmm. We'd better get going. Me Dad won't go to sleep till I get in. You still don't want a boyfriend then? I like you, Bobby, and I like you being me manager. But if I'm in love with anything it's me singing. Have you told your family I'm a Catholic yet? That sort of stuff doesn't bother 'em in the slightest. I wish my family was so understanding. (CHUCKLES) (ENGINE STARTING) All right there, Kingsize? You're a bloody thief. Two quid is way over the top. I just came here to tell you that. All right. Ah, go on, then. Two quid it is. But you make sure she's there on time. Not a problem. You said June Allyson. That doesn't look like June Allyson. June does have a slightly softer curl, I'll give you that. -I'll back comb it for you. -Yeah. -Ma! -In here. -Oh, hello, John. -All right, Pat? -Hey, it's Cyril. -All right, John. Oh, bloody hell, Ma, you're not lettin' them have another go on you, are ya? -Shut up! -How you getting on with your new drummer then, John? Oh, I think he's terrific. Don't you? He's all right. I did like Pete. Oh, no, we had to move on from Pete. He didn't have as many rings as Ringo. (LAUGHING) Anyway, before you go picking holes in things, we've got a bit of good news for you. -Oh, yeah, what's that? -We got you an audition. An audition? Who with? Brian Epstein. Brian Epstein? -(LAUGHING) -I thought that would shut you up. He's very interested in you. He's looking to develop local talent. It's sort of out of you and this other girl, Beryl Marsden, who he's gonna sign. And he wants to see you sing. Ringo, you put my name up to see Brian Epstein? Don't look at me, it was John that did it. -But my money's on Beryl Marsden. -(LAUGHING) (LAUGHS) I don't know what to say. You could start with "thank you". (LAUGHS) Thank you! Oh, thank you both. Mmm-wah! If it goes well, Cil, we'll both have the same manager. Manager? No, I've already got a manager. What? Bobby Willis? He's just a scally, same as me and you. I'm not sure scallies are ideal management material. (CHUCKLING) # So, baby, why do you run from my arms # When you're close to me? # Could it be you're shy of love? # Could it be you're shy of love? # (KNOCKING ON DOOR) -Cil? -Hiya. Do you didn't mind me coming to the back door, did you? You said your Dad's working nights. No, no, it's Okay. It's just... Well, I've had a bit of good news. Me too. Go on, you first. Well, I've got an audition with Brian Epstein. -Epstein? -Yeah, Brian Epstein. And if it goes well, he's gonna sign me and sort of be me manager. Oh. Apparently, from what he's heard, he thinks I might have what it takes. Yeah, well, there's plenty of us who knew that already. It don't need him to tell you that. Look, I've got to take this opportunity, Bobby. You do understand that? I mean, I've always been straight with you about me singing coming first, haven't I? Yeah. You have. Well, aren't you pleased for me? I mean this is me big chance. I'm made up, yeah. So, what about tonight? Well, the thing is, the audition's tomorrow night and Ringo says I've gotta save me voice for it. Oh. Right. So, erm... You're not gonna do the gig? I can't. I've got to put this first, Bobby. Yeah. I can see that. So what was your good news? Oh, nothing, really. Nothing. (STUTTERS) I'd better get back and tell the lads you aren't coming. Yeah. Tell 'em I'm really sorry, yeah? Yeah, course. So I'll... See you around then. Yeah. See you. (MUSIC AND CHATTER) (SIGHS) He will be here, won't he? Well, he said he would. But Brian's a very busy man. -Yeah. Busy making us money. -(LAUGHING) Hey, Cil. If you get a recording contract, how about doin' this one? # Each time I look into your eyes # I see that there, there heaven lies # And as I look I see the love of the loved # (LAUGHING) Hey, hey. It's good for a girl singer that one. Well, thanks for the vote of confidence. -He's here. Epstein. -What? Where? JOHN: Come on. Let's get on with it, shall we? CILLA: (EXHALES) Oh! Come on, boys, let's do it. Hey, Cil, no pressure. It's only your whole future depends on it. -Oh, shut up, Ringo! -(FANS SCREAMING) -No, he didn't! He didn't. -(LIVELY CHATTER AND LAUGHTER) (MUSIC PLAYING) (CROWD SCREAMING) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Right, now, you lot, give her plenty of encouragement, 'cause we think she's lovely, don't we, Paul? -I thought she was a bloke. -Oh, she is too. -(LAUGHING) -Here for you tonight, all the way from Scottie Road, it's little Cyril White. Also sometimes known as Cilla Black! (PLAYS NOTE) (CHEERING) Whoo! This is one of me favourites. This is called Summertime. -That's a bit of luck, we know that. -(LAUGHING) RINGO: One, two, three, four. # Summertime (FALTERING) # And the livin' is easy # Fish are jumpin' # And the cotton is high # Oh, your daddy's rich # And your mamma's good lookin' # So, hush, little baby # Don't you cry # One of these mornings # I'm gonna rise up singing # And spread my wings # And reach to the sky # But till that morning # There's ain't nothing can harm you (FALTERING) # With mammy and daddy standing by # With daddy and mammy standing by # (EXHALING) -Thank you. -(APPLAUSE) One, two... A one, two, three, four. # I'm gonna tell Aunt Mary about Uncle John # (CILLA SOBBING) PAULINE: Cil! Cil! It was the wrong song. I was trying to be all sophisticated. I just ended up looking stupid. -Oh, Cil... -It was horrible. I've blown it, haven't I? -Everything! -Oh, Cil. (SOBBING) HUTCH: Okay, okay, here she is. Liverpool's number one girl singer. With a song she says she'll be cutting for her first single... It's our very own... Beryl Marsden! (CHEERING) # Each time I look into your eyes # I see that there, there heaven lies # And as I look I see the love of the loved (TYPEWRITER KEYS CLACKING) # Someday they'll see that from the start # My place has been deep in your heart # And in your heart I see the love of the loved # Though I've said it all before I will say it more and more # Now that I'm really sure you love me # And I know that from today I'll see it in the way # That you look at me And say you love me # So, let it rain, I'll never care # Deep in your heart, I'll still be there # And when I'm there # I see the love of the loved # So, let it rain, what do I care? # Deep in your heart, I'll still be there # And when I'm there # I see the love of the loved! # OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 