Cilla: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cilla 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cilla (2014): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Don't you know I mean boys, now? Bloody hell, she's amazing! ~ Still don't want a boyfriend? ~ I like you, Bobby, and you being me manager. But if I love anything, it's me singing. Don't be bringing any Catholics round here. The thing is with Dad, he's give it: "I won't come if you marry Rose," so I called his bluff. That's Brian Epstein, he's The Beatles manager. ~ We got you an audition. ~ Who with? ~ Brian Epstein. ~ But I've already got a manager. I'm not sure Scallies are ideal management material. I've got to take this opportunity, Bobby, understand? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ~ I've always been straight with you about me singing coming first, haven't I? ~ Oh. See you. No pressure. It's only your whole future depends on it. Shut up, Ringo! (Wavering) ♪ There ain't nothing can harm you ~ Cil! ~ I've blown it, haven't I? Everything! ♪ The birds in the sky would be sad and lonely ♪ If they knew that I'd lost my one and only ♪ They'd be sad if you're bad to me ♪ The leaves on the trees would be softly sighing ♪ If they heard from the breeze that you left me crying ♪ They'd be sad, don't be bad to me Are you not having any? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm not hungry. If this is about Kenny, stop sitting there with a face like a smacked arse. It was his choice to get himself hooked up with a bloody Papist. Listen to yourself. It's the 1960s. ~ It was his choice to move out. ~ He wanted to stay! They've got no money. ~ They don't even have a proper roof now. ~ It was his choice. Is God happy with you? Is he gonna buy you a pint and say, "Well done, Mr Willis, good job there, forcing your own son out. What a good Christian you are"? (Knock at door) Maybe that's him now, about to give you a medal? It's all right, I'll get it. Hiya, Jean, love. (Low conversation) ~ Go up the stairs. ~ Jean? Hi, Robert. ~ Shall I take it all straight up? ~ Yeah, yeah. Come on, girls, up you go. For Christ's sake, he's only just moved out! It'll save on their rent. His bed's still warm, Dad! She can have my room, and all, now. I mean, what happens if I start going with a Catholic girl, eh, Dad? ~ Nobody's having your room. ~ No. Come on. This'll get you in even tighter with the big fella up there, won't it, forcing out both your sons? Where the bloody hell do you think you'll go? All right, there, la'? Oh, Christ, what's happened now? Come on. (Music plays) ♪ Baby, cos you're moving way too fast ♪ Baby, baby, come on ♪ You gotta give a little love, give a little lovin' ♪ Whoo, if you want our love to last (Screaming and cheering) ~ Thank you. ~ Cheers. Hiya, Bobby. Cil? How are you? Great, yeah, just erm... ~ Just on a night out with the lads. ~ Yeah, I saw you come in. Very friendly with one of them lads, aren't you? Oh, that's just erm... just one of Degsy's mates. You don't have to get destroyed, Bobby, you can go out with who you like. I take it she has both legs, though? ~ Why is that so funny? ~ Anyway... I wouldn't have thought you'd have wanted to speak to me any more after...you know. I'm not the type to hold a grudge. Yeah, well, I fell flat on me face, didn't I? Brian Epstein's a moron. He wouldn't know talent if it bit him on the arse. What are the Beatles gonna be like now without Pete Best? He's the one the girls all fancy. Dumbest move in the world getting rid of him for Ringo. So, erm...you gonna be singing tonight, then? No. No, no, I'm off it at the moment. Got a new job now, haven't I? Earn a bit of extra money. That's mad. You're a brilliant singer. (Woman clears throat) Come on, not got all night! ~ I'd better get going. ~ Yeah, see you around. ♪ THE SHIRELLES: Mama Said ♪ Mama said there'll be days like this ♪ There'll be days like this, Mama said ~ What do you think? ~ (Gasps) It's fab! (Laughs) Make us a brew will, you, Pinocchio? Come on. ~ I saw Bobby the other night. ~ Oh, yeah? He was with another girl. I didn't think it would bother me so much but I felt dreadful. He's moved on and you've got to as well. Yeah. New hair, new man. (Yawns) All right there, la', shaved your tongue yet? That blonde bird called round looking for you. ~ Carol? ~ That's the one. I told her you were still sparko and to call back later. ~ Anyone fancy some breakfast? ~ You're joking? We had ours ages ago. I might do a bit of washing. If you got any shirts, Kenny, I'll put 'em in with mine. I've done Kenny's shirts and yours. They're on the line, drying. Oh. Right...ta. Why don't you come with me to watch the 'Pool? Maybe I'll sweep out the yard, it could do with a bit of a tidy up. Bloody hell, it's Saturday. Relax! I hate it when I'm not doing something. Bloody get changed and take this blonde out, then, before you drive us all crackers! Later. ♪ You know I'm gonna find that child ♪ You know I will ♪ Cos I've been searchin' ♪ Whoa, Lord, I'm searchin' ♪ For goodness, searchin' every way ♪ Which way, oh, yeah ♪ I'm like that northwest Mountie ♪ You know I'll bring her in someday Oh. Is that it? "Oh"? Well, you could have warned me. I wasn't sure if I was coming round till five minutes ago. ~ You've dyed your hair. ~ What d'you think? Well, you can't miss it, can you? Hey, don't stand around too long in that dress or someone'll post a letter in your gob. Shurrup! So, what do you want? I erm... I just wondered if you fancied going for a drive. ♪ So, baby, why do you run from my arms ♪ When you're close to me? ~ ♪ Could it be... ~ No, no. Agh! (Sings different key) ♪ Could it be... Could it be... ♪ Could it be you're shy of love? Yeah, that's it. Yeah! (Laughs) What do you think? ~ And you made that up yourself? ~ Yeah. ~ I think it's absolute shite. ~ You wanna fluke's gob? Me mam brought us here once. The sea buggered off five minutes after we got here, and it never came back. We sat there staring at the mud all day. What happened to her, your mam? She had scarlet fever when she was younger, it weakened her heart. Then she had me late in life and she was never right again, you know, after I was born. I was 11 when I lost her. I sort of took over from her with the cooking and cleaning round the house. I didn't mind one bit. Why did you come over today, Bobby? You've hired a car, you've brought me out here - why didn't you take that other girl out for a ride? I wanted to try and persuade you to start doing the singing again. No, I dunno. Let's go back to how it was before, Cil. Why not? You know, you do the gig, and I drive you around. You'd do that for me, even after... Yeah. I liked it, looking after you and all that. It's a crying shame if you're not singing no more, especially because of Brian bloody Epstein. You're so good. Are you sure that's the only reason you came over? What? Not because you fancy me and can't stop thinking about me? (Chuckles) Don't kid yourself, girl, this is purely business. ♪ Could it be you're shy of love? ~ (Squeals) ~ Not on me shirt! Get off! (Squeals and laughs) Come back! ♪ Mashed potato, yeah ♪ All right ♪ All right ♪ Whoa, baby ♪ Hey, baby, make you feel all right ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ Hey, baby, come on, baby ~ I can't do this. ~ What are you talking about? ~ What if I mess up again? ~ You won't. I had to plead with Kingsize to have you back, don't get cold feet on me. OK, now we're gonna be joined by one of our favourite girl singers. No, come on with me. ~ Please. ~ Put your hands together for Swinging Cilla! All right, come on. This one's called, Some Other Girl. (Intro starts) ♪ Some other girl, now ♪ Is taking my love away from me, oh, now ♪ Some other girl, now ♪ Is taking away my sweet desire, oh, now ♪ Some other girl, now ♪ Has just thrown water on my hand, oh, now ♪ I'm the lonely one ♪ As lonely as I can feel, all right ♪ Some other girl (Cheering) It's Swinging Cilla! ♪ Some other girl, now ♪ Has taken my life just like I'm gone, oh, now ♪ Some other girl, now ♪ Has taken my love away from me, oh, now ♪ I'm the lonely one ♪ As lonely as I can feel, all right ♪ Woah, oh oh oh ♪ Some other girl ♪ Is making me very, very mad, oh, now ♪ Some other girl, now ♪ Is breaking my padlock off my pad, oh, now ♪ Some other girl, now ♪ Has taken my love away from me, oh, now ♪ I'm the lonely one OK, OK, boys and girls. She's a local girl and she's got a cracking voice. Put your hands together for the one, the only... it's Swinging Cilla! ♪..Is making me very, very mad, oh, now ♪ Some other girl, now ♪ Is breaking my padlock off my pad, oh, now ♪ Some other girl, now ♪ Has taken my love away from me, oh, now ♪ I'm the lonely one, as lonely as I can feel, all right ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪ Some other girl ♪ Is making me very, very mad, oh, now ♪ Some other girl, now ♪ Is breaking my padlock off my pad, oh, now ♪ Some other girl, now ♪ He was the first guy I ever had, oh, now ♪ I'm the lonely one ♪ As lonely as I can feel, all right (Cilla giggles) ~ You wait here, I'll get the van. ~ There'll be a queue waiting to buy biscuits! You can walk home, if you like. Why, oh, why, didn't you sing like that the last time? That was absolutely wonderful. Oh. Thank you. Why don't you come and see me at my office tomorrow? Here's my card. (Van approaches) Good night. (Toots horn) Everything all right? Yeah, fine. Good. ♪ Some other guy, now ♪ Has taken our love away from me, oh, now ♪ Some other guy, now Ah, my dear girl. Do come in. There's two things I wanna say before we go any further. First of all, I've already got a manager and he doesn't even know I'm here. And secondly, from certain angles, I've got a funny-looking nose. I broke it when I was a little girl. I just...thought I should let you know that. OK. Well, you'd better sit down, then. I'd like to manage your daughter, Mr White. I think she has exactly what I'm looking for. And what exactly are you looking for, Mr Epstein? Raw talent. She's a diamond in the rough. Excuse me, my daughter was considered suitable for office work. Forgive me, I didn't mean that to sound rude. But your daughter is like a breath of fresh air, Mrs White. And I don't want her to change. I believe that young people will relate very strongly to her, just as they have to another local act I've recently signed, a group called The Beatles? Who? Well, what do you say? Do we have an agreement? See that piano over there? I bought that off your old fella from his shop in Walton Road, and I've not had too many complaints. Now, I'm gambling you're gonna be just as dependable. You can trust me, Mr White. Like my father, I am a man of my word. The thing is, I've spotted a glaring error in this contract. It says here she's to be called Cilla Black. ~ Ah, yes. ~ It needs amending. Her name's White. I can't sign that. Dad! I really must insist on Cilla Black as her stage name. It's a much more dramatic name for a singer. But it's an unnecessary complication - her name's White. I mean, what are my pals down the docks gonna say, eh? ~ Dad, what does it matter? ~ It matters to me. But I'll have the chance to make a record! Do you know what song it might be, Brian? That will all depend on whether you pass the audition. But if you do, the song will be Love Of The Loved. ~ Wasn't Beryl Marsden gonna record that? ~ There was some talk of it, yes. But in the end, I didn't sign Beryl, I decided to try and sign you. Dad, sign it, please! Please, Dad? I don't know. Why can't a person be called by their God-given name, eh? Get off, Cilla bloody Black! Bye-bye. Thank you. Bye. Hiya. What was Epstein doing here? I've just signed with him to be me manager. What? He was in the audience the other night, and when you were getting the van, he came up and said he liked what I was doing and he asked me to see him in his office. ~ You went without telling me? ~ I wasn't sure I was gonna go through with it. ~ I didn't want to get my hopes up again. ~ But you went and signed with him? It had to be my decision. I couldn't hide behind you. But he thinks I might have what it takes and he's gonna take me to London for an audition. Well, that's up to you, but far as I'm concerned, he's a moron. You know, he buys young fellas Mohair suits? What? It doesn't matter, you've made your own choice. I admire you, actually. I've always thought, in business, you've gotta be prepared to walk away. ~ Now I'm out on me ear again. ~ Wait. ~ I should've listened to me head, not me heart. ~ Wait a minute - please, Bobby. He's gonna be my manager, cos he's experienced and knows what he's doing. ~ And I'm just a Scally, I get it. ~ Will you shurrup? I told him if he was gonna be me manager, I still wanted you to be involved. He asked me what you did and I told him you drove me round and looked after me, and he said he wants you to be me road manager. Road manager? I said we come as a pair. And he said we can carry on just the way we are. When I go to London, he wants you to come along and be me chaperone. ~ (Chuckles) ~ Really? Really. London? Yeah. For two whole weeks. Come on, give us a cuddle and stop sulking. Oh, yeah, and me dad wants a word with you. Your dad? This fella Epstein, he wants our Cilla to go down to London for two weeks to see about making a record. I said, "Can't she get an early train down and the last one back?" He says apparently these things take time to set up. ~ I'm sure they do. ~ The hotel's in a place called Bloomsbury. So I said, "Is that anywhere near Soho?" He said no. Cos there's been a lot in the papers just lately about the white slave traffic operating out of Soho. So I want you to keep a very careful eye on our Cilla, and make sure nobody makes a sudden grab for her off the street. I'll watch her like an hawk, Mr White, don't worry about that. It's that red hair. It's highly prized by the Arabs, you know. I know about these things. I've been in the merchant navy. Don't forget, when you're down there, it's separate rooms. Don't think I won't be ringing the hotel to make sure there's been no hanky-panky, cos I will. No, Mr White. There's just one more thing, your religion. What about it? You're gonna have to change it. My dear girl, welcome to London. ~ Where's Bobby? ~ He's just coming. Leave those for the porter, you don't carry them yourself. Oh, right. There's nothing worth nicking in them, la'. ~ I must say, that's a very nice suit, Bobby. ~ Thanks. Is it true you buy young fellas Mohair suits, Brian? What? Who told you that? I think that's a bit of a rumour, that, Cil - someone having a laugh with you. Why do you ask? Well, if everything goes well down here, will you be buying me any new clothes? I expect so, yes. Now, make sure you get plenty of rest. We have a very important meeting tomorrow morning with a producer - the man who's been working with The Beatles on their records. ~ Where are you going? ~ I have a flat, I stay there when I'm in London. I might go and see an old girlfriend tonight, but I'll be back in the morning. ~ Enjoy your stay. ~ Thank you. What did you say that about the suits for? Well, it was you that told me. I was only wondering. What's the problem? Don't go mentioning it again, all right? Why do you get so jumpy every time you come down to London? Relax. In spite of appearances, it's perfectly safe. Just in case the police do turn up, there's strict rules. No copulating on the premises. Ain't you gonna introduce us? Yes, of course. Teddy, this is Brian. Brian, Teddy is one of our regulars. ~ How do you do, mate? ~ Pleased to meet you. Make you laugh, don't they...queers? Spend all their life keeping it bottled up, then when they come in here, it's like popping a champagne cork. ~ It all gets fizzed up and goes everywhere. ~ Yes, thank you, Teddy. Can I get you a drink? Whisky and soda, please. Coming right up. Word of advice. Choose anyone other than him. Why? He's a little too fond of the hard luck story. "Abandoned as a child, brought up on the streets" - usual sort of guff. Anything for a bigger tip. And he's an aggressive little bugger. ~ I've just had a shower. ~ BOBBY: A shower? You just had a bath. I know, but I've never had a shower. What are you doing? I've had room service. They just brought me up a big steak on a tray. Have you had anything to eat? No, I'm too nervous. I think I'm just gonna try and get some sleep. Why don't I come round and read you a bedtime story? In your dreams. Seriously, Cil, can I just come round to your room for ten minutes? I'm really missing you, lying here all alone. Good night, Bobby. You got any pills, Brian? Some uppers. Well, dish 'em out, then. No, not here. Well, take me home, then. Right, he should be ready for us now. I'll just...wait here, then? Good luck. Come on, what did you do to yourself, then? Oh, stupid - I walked into the kitchen door. Yes, wait here, Bobby. Didn't you see your girlfriend last night? I didn't in the end. Just had a quiet evening at home. George, this is Cilla Black. Cilla, this is George Martin. A great pleasure to meet you. Has she been knocking you about, Brian? He said he had a quiet night. I'd hate to see him after a hectic one. George, Cilla is the first female artiste I've signed, and probably the last person from Liverpool I'll be taking on. I'm delighted to be presenting her to you today. So you're a rock and roll sort of girl, are you? At heart, yeah, I suppose I am. Have you sung professionally? With bands, yeah, they pay me. But I'm not much of a saver, though, George, I spend it all on clothes. And what did you want to sing for your audition? It's a Lennon and McCartney composition, Love Of The Loved. Yes, the boys have played that for me in the past. ~ They always thought it'd be best sung by a girl. ~ Now's your chance. Right, so in your own time. Get yourself ready and we'll get a level from you. OK. Good luck. (Breathes deeply) (Drummer rehearses) GEORGE: Are you all right in there, Cilla? We'll get going shortly. No, actually, can I... Sorry, can't hear you. Can you move closer to the mic? (Drummer continues rehearsing) No, sorry... What's the matter? Can I get Bobby in here, please? Shall we go for a take? OK. Here we go. And we're rolling. (Intro starts) ♪ Each time I look into your eyes ♪ I see that there a heaven lies ♪ And as I look, I see the love of the loved ♪ Someday they'll see that from the start ♪ My place has been deep in your heart ♪ And in your heart, I see the love of the loved GEORGE: Hold it there just for a second, please. ~ Just a little technical problem our end. ~ Oh. But er...could you say the second line again for me, please? Erm..."I see that there a heaven lies" Yes. The word "there" sounds much too Liverpudlian. You're pronouncing it "thurr". Oh... OK, well, I'll try it again. Would you? Thanks. (Intro starts) ♪ So let it rain, what do I care? ♪ Deep in your heart, I'll still be there ♪ And when I'm there, I see the love of the loved Hold it there, please. I said "there", not "thurr". I know, but now we're getting "curr" instead of "care". (Cilla sighs) OK, I'll try again. ~ I never realised how common I sounded. ~ It's not common, it's just where you come from. I thought it would be like a rock 'n' roll band backing me - not a bunch of old fellas. He didn't like me, George. I could tell. ~ I've blown it, haven't I? ~ You don't know that, Cil. I hate this. It's bringing back horrible feelings from me last audition. Well, what did he say? He really likes you, and he wants to release Love Of The Loved on Parlophone Records. (Squeals) I'm tremendously proud of you. ~ Well done, girl! ~ Oh, Bobby... I can't believe it! ♪ I see the love of the loved ♪ I see the love of the loved ♪ I see the love of the loved It sounds great. They can play a bit, them old blokes, can't they? So we're agreed on the 27th as a release date? Erm, Brian, just one thing. The record's gonna have a B side, yeah? They normally do, yes. Only, I've written this song... Oh, no, we've already got a couple of ideas for... ~ It's Shy Of Love. ~ It's brilliant, George. Well, let's hear it, then. Go on, Cil, like we've practised. No, hold on. I think it goes like this: ♪ You say you love me and you'll always be true to me No, no - not like that. I can't remember, springing it on me like this! I'll do it. (Clears throat) ♪ You say you love me and you'll always be true to me ♪ You say that you will be mine eternally ♪ So, baby, why do you run from my arms when you're close to me? ♪ Could it be you're shy of love? ~ You wrote that yourself? ~ Yeah. I rather like it. You have a really good voice. Not as good as mine! So does that mean it can be on the B side? Well, if George is happy? I think I am, yes. (Piano plays Chime Bells) ♪ Chime bells are ringing, yodel-ay-oh-oh-ee ♪ My heart is singing, yodel-ay-oh-oh-ee ♪ Safe is my lover, yodel-ay-oh-oh-ee ♪ For now, the chime bells ring ♪ Ho-da-lee-dee-ho-lo-dee ♪ Ho-da-lee-dee-ho-lo-dee ♪ Yodel-ay-oh-oh-ee ♪ Yodel-ay-oh-oh-ee ♪ Ho-da-lee-dee-ho-lo-dee ♪ Ho-da-lee-dee-ho-lo-dee ♪ Yodel-ay-oh-oh-dee ♪ Oh-dee Yeah! (Cheering) ~ Go on, mum! ~ Stop it! I could have had a singing career myself, couldn't I, John? If you say so. (Laughter) How does it feel, then, to have a daughter in the hit parade? Don't jinx it, Vera. I don't know if I am, yet. We find out tonight. Actually, it's your dad I feel sorry for. He doesn't know if he's coming or going, do you, John? "The Frustrated Minstrel" - that's what they call him down the docks. Why's that? Cos he doesn't know whether he's Black or White! (Laughter) That's a good one. D'you think you could put a word in for us with Pat? Do it yourself. What's the matter with you? Fetch yourself here, I want a word. That is a nice suit, Degsy. Yeah. He hasn't taken it off for three months. (Tuts) Erm, Pat... No. I had a word with her mother, and I broke it to her you're not a Catholic. Look, Mr White, I've had it up to here with religion. Proddy, Catholic - what does it matter? I care a lot about your daughter and I'll look after her and respect her, and that's the best I can do. I was just gonna say she's accepted the situation. Oh. Right. She can see that our Cil's taken a shine to you, and Brian said you did a great job taking care of her down in London. I'd be grateful if you didn't mention your persuasion to any of her aunties. ~ No, of course not. ~ And there's just one more thing. Sure, anything you want, Mr White. Tell the wife you support Everton and not Liverpool. There's a good lad. Come on, Bobby, we don't want to be late. ~ Wish me luck, Dad. ~ Good luck, love. See you, Bob. Knock them dead, eh? Good luck, Cil! Brian's offered to buy the publishing rights to Shy Of Love off me for 150 quid. 150 quid? ~ Yeah, but I turned him down. ~ Why? You could buy a new car with that! I thought, if he's willing to pay that much for it, it must be worth a lot more. You've got your head screwed on right, you. Good job, cos yours is hanging off loose. (Phone rings) Oh, God. Quick, that's him! Come on! (Giggles and pants) I can't get in. Brian? Yeah, it's Cilla. Go on, how did it do? Right. OK, thanks. Bye. Number 35. Well...least it's Top 40. It's a flop. They hoped it'd be top ten, at least. I mean, The Beatles and Gerry and Billy J - they all had hits. Mine's a flop. Come here. Come here, Cil. Disappointing, yes. But not a total disaster, not yet. The next record, however, is going to be absolutely crucial. I'm not classy enough, am I? Who wants to see a girl with a funny-looking nose from Scottie Road? Please don't lose faith in yourself, because I haven't. Now, I heard this when I was over in New York on business last week. Anyone Who Had A Heart - Dionne Warwick? I bought this out of your shop a couple of weeks ago. That's an American import. I think you should record a version for the British charts as your next single. I'm sorry, Brian, but that's a ballad. Ballads aren't what she needs, she wants rock 'n' roll. Kids like her cos she's into the same music as them. ~ I disagree. ~ But her voice isn't right for ballads. I'm telling now you, she's a rock 'n' roller. Maybe the last one was a bit too soft, Brian. Maybe that's why it didn't do so well. Cilla, I want you to trust me. Now, I've spoken to George, and he's agreed that you should record it. I tell you, I had a terrific struggle to persuade him, he wanted it for Shirley Bassey. But I told him, "No, I'm sure that this is right for my Cilla." I'm the type of person that's gonna be buying her records, and I wouldn't want some cover version of Dionne bloody Warwick. Have you ever considered, hard as it may seem, that you might be wrong? Have you? You said yourself everything's riding on this. Just stop it - I don't know what to think any more. I'll tell you what to think: that I am your manager and you will do as I say. OK. Good. That's settled, then. (Musicians tuning up) (Sighs) ~ I'm going for a smoke. ~ Oh, dear, you'll miss it. I hope you're right, this is a very big song. This is the sort of thing only a diva should cover. I was thinking to myself as I came in this morning how very young and tiny she looked. Appearances can be deceiving, George. I hope you're right. Here we go. And in one, two, three, four... (Intro starts) ♪ E... Sorry, sorry, I wasn't ready. Can I try it again? Of course. And in one, two, three, four... (Exhales) All right there, girl, how did it go? OK, I think. George seemed pleased with it and Brian too. Wanna go out for something to eat? No, I'm exhausted. Let's just go back to the hotel. JEAN: We need another room - the kids need more space. MR WILLIS: I've told you before, you're not having it. ~ That's Robert's room for when he comes back. ~ Why can't he share with the littl'un? He's not sharing it with anybody - it's his room and that's that. ~ You stubborn old goat! ~ Hello. Here he is now, why don't you ask him yourself? I'll tell you something. You can get your own tea tonight! She can be a...difficult girl. Sometimes you just have to put your foot down with her. Dad, she can have my room if she wants it so badly. Nonsense - you can't sleep on the sofa at Kenny's the rest of your life. Anyway, where have you been? I heard you've haven't been up the baker's for a couple of weeks. I've been in London. I've got a new job now, road manager. I'm worried about you, Robert. Why don't you come home and we put it all behind us, eh, son? I'd love to, I really would. But, see, I've met this girl... ~ You've not got her in trouble, have you? ~ No, I haven't. You know when I said, what if I met one of them? Well, I have. She's a Scottie Road Catholic, Dad. And I love her. You still want me back? No. I thought so. Well, I've just come to get the rest of me clothes. I'll see meself out. Look! Look! I got one! There's loads of copies there. ~ I love that green jacket you're wearing. ~ Does me nose look all right? Fine. Why did they make you lean over a fountain? Did anyone buy a copy while you were in there? Not that I saw, no. Come on, let's go and get a coffee. I've got to get back to the office. ~ Some of us have got to work for a living. ~ I might be joining you before too much longer. ~ Can't you be a bit more enthusiastic? ~ You know how I feel. You sung it great, but it was the wrong song. And that's down to Brian. You can always go back to the bakery if you have to. Don't worry about me. I can always make a few quid somehow. (Phone rings) You want me to answer it? No...I will. Hello, Brian? Yeah, I'm here with Bobby. Go on, then, tell me. Yeah. No, I got that. Thanks, Brian. It's number one. What? It's gone to number one. ♪ Anyone who ever loved ♪ Could look at me ♪ And know that I love you ♪ Anyone who ever dreamed ♪ Could look at me ♪ And know I dream of you ♪ Knowing I love you so ♪ Anyone who had a heart ♪ Would take me in his arms and love me too ♪ You couldn't really have a heart that hurt me ♪ Like you hurt me and be so untrue ♪ What am I to do? ♪ Every time you go away ♪ I always say ♪ This time, it's goodbye, dear ♪ Loving you the way I do ♪ I take you back ♪ Without you I'd die, dear ♪ Knowing I love you so ♪ Anyone who had a heart ♪ Would take me in his arms and love me too ♪ You couldn't really have a heart ♪ That hurt me like you hurt me ♪ And be so untrue ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ Anyone who had a heart would love me too ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ Anyone who had a heart would simply take me in his arms and always love me ♪ Why won't you? Yeah ♪ Anyone who had a heart would love me too ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ Anyone who had a heart would simply take me in his arms and always love me ♪ Why won't you? ♪ Anyone who had a heart would love me, too ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ Anyone who had a heart would simply take me in his arms and always love me ♪ Why won't you? ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 