Cilla: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cilla 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cilla (2014): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'd like to manage your daughter, Mr White. He wants you to be me road manager. I said we come as a pair. ♪..you love me and you'll always be true to me You have a really good voice. She's a Scottie Road Catholic, Dad. And I love her. So, come on, what did you do to yourself? Oh, stupid - I walked into the kitchen door. Word of advice. Choose anyone other than him. ♪ Anyone who had a heart would love me too 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's gone to number one. ♪ You're my world, you're every breath I take ♪ You're my world, you're every move I make ♪ Other eyes see the stars up in the sky ♪ But for me, they shine within your eyes ♪ As the trees reach for the sun above ♪ So my arms reach out to you for love ♪ With your hand resting in mine ♪ I feel a power so divine ♪ You're my world, you are my night and day ♪ You're my world, you're every prayer I pray ♪ If our love ceases to be ♪ Then it's the end of my world for me My dear girl, that was incredible. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But I think we can get it even better. I think we need a male voice in the mix on those harmonies. ~ Bobby, would you mind helping us out here? ~ Bobby? Well, he can sing, can't he? Yes, I think that's a marvellous idea, don't you, Bobby? Well, erm... I don't mind giving it a go, if it'll help out, like. ♪ You're my world, you are my night and day ♪ You're my world, you're every prayer I pray (LAUGHTER AND CHATTER) Ladies and gentlemen, I have just received confirmation from my office and I'm delighted to be able to tell you that her new single, You're My World, has just given my Cilla, my wonderful artist, Miss Cilla Black, her second consecutive number one. (CHEERING) See, I told you it was easy! She obviously weren't trying hard enough on Love Of The bloody Loved. (LAUGHTER) That's the last failure we ever give you. Brian says I've gotta go on telly tomorrow, I'm so nervous. Just be yourself, Cil. Or failing that, show 'em your knickers. Enjoying being rich, then, girl? You're joking, aren't you? I haven't seen any of it yet. Bobby's better off than me. He's bought himself a new car out of his money for writing songs. Oh, I didn't know you were a writer. You and Paul haven't anything to worry about. So, are you two together now? ~ We're sort of seeing... ~ He's me road manager. So is he your boyfriend or your road manager? Sort of both. Don't go telling anyone or Brian'll have your guts for garters. Won't you, Brian? It's the love that mustn't speak its name. It's forbidden love, isn't it? I happen to believe...that to the general public you must remain attainable. They'll be more inclined to buy your records if they think you can still be theirs. I've got a wife and a little baby boy I can't ever mention. But we've all got our dirty little secrets, haven't we, Brian? (LAUGHTER) Brian! Brian? ~ Brian! ~ MAN: Come on, Brian! Come on, let me in, you fairy! Just let me in! Hello, sir. You took your bloody time. ♪..ceases to be ♪ Then it's the end of my world for me No sign of Brian tonight...again! ~ Hi, Cilla! ~ Miss Black? Fab 208 magazine. Can I get a few words on how it feels to have two consecutive number ones? It feels great - like me Christmas and birthday coming together. It's a very special time for me. Do you have anyone special to enjoy it with? No, there's nobody in my life. I'm carefree and single. PHOTOGRAPHER: One for the front page, please. This way, Miss Black. Aren't you going to stay for some breakfast, sir? How can I blame him... ..when I disgust myself? EPSTEIN: Nearly there. Just this way, my dear girl. The Black Bird has landed. Welcome to the London Palladium. Look at all them seats! (LAUGHS) Let me take you to your dressing room, Miss Black. I insisted you had your own. It's like I'm dreaming. Thank you. BOBBY: Er...Brian? All right there, Brian? Haven't seen you around for a while. Bet you're run off your feet with The Beatles. That's gone wild for you. There must be a lot of demands on your time. Not so much that I can't cope with my other acts. I do like you, Bobby, I hope you know that. You're a bright boy. You'll go far. ♪ If our love ceases to be ♪ Then it's the end of my world ♪ End of my world ♪ End of my world for me (RAPTUROUS APPLAUSE) Do you know... I'm that proud I could burst? I could have sung professionally, Kenny. Did you know that? It's not about you, is it, Cil? COMPERE: And now, ladies and gentlemen, Danny La Rue! ♪ On Mother Kelly's doorstep ♪ I'm wondering now ♪ If little girl Nelly ♪ Remembers Joe, her beau ♪ And does she love me like she used to Don't tell the girls... but you see that woman up there? It's a man, that is. Is that right, John? I've been away to sea. I know about these things. ♪..like she used to ♪ On Mother Kelly's doorstep I couldn't believe my eyes. Did you see everybody standing up? ~ Did you enjoy it, Mam? ~ It was fabulous. Bobby, look what Brian got me for getting two number ones. ~ Isn't it beautiful? ~ Yeah, it's lovely. ~ You're a lucky girl, Brian's so generous to you. ~ I know. ~ It's all so glamorous. ~ He spoils me. Yeah. So bloody generous he's only paying her 350 quid a week. 350! Bloody hell, la', that'd do me. Not when you consider she's doing 13 shows for that. It works out at 26 pounds 10 shillings a show. ~ Have you seen all the fans she's pulling in? ~ What does Cilla say? Well, that's the problem. She won't have a bad word said against Brian. She says she owes everything to him. A lot of aggravation goes with this job, I tell you. Beats working in a bakery. (BOTH LAUGH) How's Dad? Still arguing with Jean. Can you believe they're still squabbling over your old bloody room? I said I didn't want it no more. Yeah, it's posh hotels all the way for you now, isn't it? I'd love to get Rose in there for one night. They say it makes you double amorous, is that right, la'? I wouldn't know. We haven't spent one night together the whole time we've been down here. I'm thinking about becoming a monk. (BOTH LAUGH) It's in the contract. The terms were offered, you were happy and you signed. But you can see now that it's her they're coming to see. She's the big draw. I'm not contesting that. I've always been told you've got to be prepared to walk away if you're not happy. That's correct. Except in this case, were you to do so, the theatre would sue for loss of income. Ah, Dick. ~ Morning, Brian. ~ This is Dick James. Dick is a music publisher - a very successful one. Pleased to meet you. I asked Dick to stop by this morning because we have something we want to put to you. ~ Sure, I'll go get Cilla. ~ Oh, no, it's just you we want to speak to. We think you're special, Bobby. You write songs, you've got a good singing voice. And we like the idea of a blond. There aren't many blonds out there, it gives you something unique. We'd like to sign you to a recording contract. We want to make you a star. "Bobby Willis, the Blond from Bootle". But I'm not from Bootle, I'm from... He's not being literal. What do you think? (KNOCK AT DOOR) ~ What's up? ~ I need to talk to you about something. Bobby, how many times? I need to talk to you about something important. Nothing funny. I wanted to tell you earlier but I thought I'd wait until after the show. I went to see Brian today, and this other fella... ~ What about? ~ ..Dick James. What about? Me. What about you? They've erm... They've offered me a recording contract, haven't they? They want me to write me songs, and sing 'em meself. Brian wants to manage me. "The Blond from Bootle" they reckon they're gonna call me. I said I'm not from Bootle but they said it didn't have to be, litter-something. ~ No. ~ Literal. No, what? You're not doing it. I er... I said you might have something to say. Well, I do, and you're not doing it. I have to fight to get any attention from Brian already. I'm well aware I'm in a queue behind The Beatles and Gerry & The Pacemakers and Billy J bloody Kramer and whoever. I am not about to start fighting it out with you as well. I just thought you might be pleased for me, because it's me big opportunity. Well, I'm sorry but I'm not. I do the singing and you look after me. That's what we agreed - that's what you told me you liked doing. If you wanna be with me, Bobby, that's the only way it can work. If that's the way you feel... ..I'll tell 'em I'm not interested. (DOOR CLOSES) I like it. What do you think, Bobby? Nothing to do with me, Brian, she makes her own decisions. I like it. Come on, then, tell us how me record did, I'm bursting. I can't find it. Number seven? Is that all? Seven is not to be sniffed at. And perhaps three number ones on the trot would have been a little greedy, don't you think? No, I don't. I want them all to go to number one. I don't know why you'd mess with a winning formula, Brian. The other two were big ballads. It's For You is all poppy - why change? Bobby, I think we all know where we'd be if we'd taken your advice last time around. ~ I'm only giving my opinion. ~ I want you to look at this. I wonder if the time has come to see what America thinks of you. Alfie? It's a Burt Bacharach/Hal David composition. You can't call a song Alfie. It's like something you'd call a dog. It's the title track to a new movie starring Michael Caine. I think it would be an excellent record to introduce you to America with. You can't call a song Alfie! At least have a think about it. Please. All right, I'll have a think about it. Come on, Bobby, I'm starving. Erm...Brian, the offer for the recording contract and that. I'm really grateful but I'll have to turn you down. May I ask why? It's just not right for me at the moment. Not right for you, or for Cilla? It was my decision. I can see we're going to have to watch her. It was my decision. Of course. Hi, Cilla, I'm Burt Bacharach. Hello, Burt. I heard you didn't like the title of my song. No. No, no, I love it. Well, actually, I did say it sounds like the name of a dog. But then, you did want Dionne Warwick instead of me, didn't you? Touche. ♪ What's it all about, Alfie? ♪ Is it just for the moment we live? ♪ What's it all about ♪ When you started out, Alfie? ♪ Are we meant to take more than we give? One more. ♪ As sure as I believe... ♪ As sure as I believe ♪ Something even non-believers can believe in One more. ♪ I believe in love, Alfie ♪ Without true love, we just exist, Alfie ♪ Until you find the love you've missed ♪ You're nothing, Alfie ♪ Alfie One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. ~ I don't want it to go on all night, here. ~ Just one more, I think we can get it better. ~ What exactly are you looking for, Burt? ~ I don't know... Just that little bit of magic. I think we got that on take four. Aren't you pushing her a little too hard, Burt? No, it's all right, if he wants another take, I'll give him another take. One more. I didn't come all the way from LA for second best. Bobby, can you move out the way? I can see you and it's putting me off. GEORGE: All right, then, one more, please. Let's go. Thank you. ♪ And you'll find love any day ♪ Alfie ♪ Alfie OK, I think we got a good take. We had one two hours ago. Well played. I'll tell you now, you gave as good as you got there, girl. ~ He wouldn't know what hit him, old Burt. ~ I wasn't gonna give in. Come here. Proud of you. Bobby, you're not coming in, I'm worried about me... Dad, yeah, I know. How can you tell one of the most famous composers in the world where to go, and still be scared of your bloody dad when he wouldn't even know? I'm sorry, that's just the way it is. (SIGHS) Bloody hell, Cil, we haven't seen hide nor hair of you for weeks, then you bring us all this way. ~ What's going on, girl? ~ Who lives here, Cil? You do. ~ You what? ~ It's yours! No, you never have? I've bought it for you. For us? You can't be spending money on us. Well, I can and I have. Here you are. You've got your own front door, now, Mam. Oh, hey, Cil. It's good to see you, lad. Really, it is. I've missed having you about and that's the truth. I've missed you too, Dad. Where's our Jean? Oh, upstairs, I expect. We don't see much of each other these days - and that's how I prefer it. If you need a bigger place, Dad, I can help you out. I've got a bit put away. You save your money. I'm happy where I am. This is the house where your mam died, this is where I'll die too. So...it's all over with this girl from Scottie Road you've been seeing, then, the singer? What? I read this article that said she never had a fella, she was carefree and single. Oh, no. That's just for the papers, Dad. Her manager told her to say that so it wouldn't affect her popularity. So you're still with her? Yeah. Actually, we're going to New York next week. It's a great opportunity for her. Cos I just thought you might be coming home now. No. It's like I keep telling you, Dad, I'm not coming home no more...ever. I'm sorry. Who would have thought, eh, girl? I can't believe we've come this far. Come on. (PRETENDS TO COUGH) Hey, Brian. Listen, I thought I'd be singing Alfie on the Ed Sullivan Show. He's asked for something more up-tempo. And we have to give Ed what he wants, there'll be 30 million people watching. The Beatles played his show three times and it didn't hurt their careers, did it? Enjoy yourself, enjoy the city. That's what it's all about, you wonderful girl. Do you think he's sickening for something? He didn't look well to me, he should get himself to bed. ~ Probably go cruising the city first. ~ Cruising? Why don't we go cruising? I'm not even tired yet. Don't be soft, not that type of cruising. Well, what type of cruising do you mean? ~ He'll be going round looking for fellas. ~ What for? Bloody hell, Cil, for sex. Fellas don't actually have sex together, do they? Christ, you're so bloody naive! And is that what he has to do to find someone to do it with - go driving round in his car? I suppose so. Poor Brian. That's up to him. My problem is he's not around enough for you. He keeps going on about how brilliant The Beatles are and then he just buggers off. He's here now, isn't he? I know you want to be me manager, Bobby, but Brian is. You are my road manager. I'm well aware of that. I know me place. And now, here she is... ..a great Welsh singer from Wales in England, it's Cilla Black! (APPLAUSE) ♪ Dancing In The Streets ♪ Callin' out around the world ♪ Are you ready for a brand new beat? ♪ Summer's here and the time is right ♪ For dancin' in the streets Wales in England? Where did that come from? I felt a right Wilf - he clearly had no idea who I was. I'm sorry, girl, but I've got more bad news for you. There's a version of Alfie been released in America with Cher singing it. But that's supposed to be the record that gets me started here. I've got to speak to Brian. Don't bother. I tried his office five minutes ago. He's out. ♪ I feel a power so divine ♪ You're my world, you are my night and day ♪ You're my world, you're every prayer I pray ♪ If our love ceases to be ♪ Then it's the end of my world ♪ End of my world ♪ End of my world for me (RIPPLE OF APPLAUSE) Thank you. Sorry I'm late. I needed you here last night, Brian. My dear girl... Well, I mean... surely Bobby was with you, wasn't he? This place is all wrong. It's full of millionaires and fur coats. They're not in the least bit interested in some young redhead from Liverpool. I could tell last night they didn't like the songs I was singing. Well, look... So, change things. Do some jazz numbers. Tailor your set, work at it. Being a success over here, it doesn't come easy. We're just saying we could do with some sort of warning about what to expect, Brian, that's all. I do have rather a lot on my plate at the moment. So you keep telling us. Oven's only small, but I think I cooked the joint through. Here we are... Sunday lunch. A little taste of home. You know, I didn't come all the way over here to sing jazz in some hotel. Oh, come on. It's like Brian said, it's not gonna be easy. It's gonna take a lot of hard work. ~ It went all right last night, didn't it? ~ I'm not enjoying it. ~ I'm gonna ask Brian to take me home. ~ What? ~ We can't go home, we only just got here. ~ I'm not happy, Bobby. I'm homesick. Hard luck. You have to try a lot harder than that, girl. You can't talk to me like that. You don't know what it's like for me up on stage every night. It's all right for you driving me to places and taking me back. If you and Brian would let me I'd do a lot more for you, wouldn't I? I've had enough, Bobby. I want to go home. You're acting like a spoilt brat. I'm doing me best. I've done a Sunday bloody roast for you, haven't I? ~ Imagine we're back in Liverpool. ~ It's horrible. It tastes nothing like me mam's crackling. And me mam has stuffing. Does she? Well, stuff your mam and stuff you! Better out there than in here cos I'm not eating it. I'm tellin' you now, Cil, if you go home that's us finished. I've got a life too and I'm sick of you shoving me to the side like it doesn't even matter! Finish with me, but you won't be me road manager. No. That's right. Sometimes you've got to be prepared to walk away. I'm going home. And you can find someone else to carry your bags! (DOOR SLAMS) (PHONE RINGS) Cil? Look, I'm sorry about today. Things just got a bit out of hand. Robert? Kenny? Is that you? ~ I don't know what time it is there... ~ It's OK, I was awake. What's up? It's Dad. What about him? I'm so sorry, la'. It was pneumonia. He was just too weak to fight it in the end. It's because of that bloody argument with Jean! You can't say that. They were both as stubborn as each other. If I was there... cooking his dinner, then he'd still be alive now. You can say the same if I was there. You can't think like that, la'. What was I doing, poncing about in America? ~ CILLA: Brian, you know I hate heights. ~ I have got you. Don't worry. ~ (CILLA LAUGHS) ~ Come on, it's a beautiful day. Will you just please tell me what we're doing up here? (CILLA GIGGLES) Happy birthday. You are so lovely to me. So, come on, aren't you gonna tell me how me new record's doing? Not bad, really. Number 24. Oh, 24? Is that it? I was hoping for a better present. I know you're disappointed, but if you think about it every record since Love Of The Loved has been Top 30. ~ You might have a funny nose... ~ Oi, you! But you are a very wealthy young woman. And you'll have other hit records, I'm sure. Maybe even another No.1. But nothing lasts forever. Doesn't it? I miss him too, you know. Hm. I spoke to him to tell him I was sorry about his dad, but... ..since then, nothing. You know, everything that's happening to me it just.. It doesn't seem worth it without him. I thought all I wanted was to be a star... So why don't you stop being so stubborn and call him? Because I'm scared. What if he doesn't want to speak to me? He will. He's a good man. I'll never meet someone as good as Bobby to share things with. ~ Oh, come on... ~ I...I won't, Cilla. I'm resigned to it. Certain aspects of my life have become... ..ugly. That's the only word for it, really. If it wasn't for my work I don't know if I could go on. Brian, come on. Don't talk like this. I've been under a lot of pressure lately and...and so I've come to a decision. I'm only going to carry on personally managing two of my clients. The Beatles... ..and you. (TEARFULLY) So, remember, it's just you and the boys now... You're all I get up in the mornings for. (BOTH LAUGH) COMPERE: And now, live from the Winter Gardens Pavilion in Blackpool, ~ please welcome Miss Cilla Black. ~ Thank you. ~ Hey, la'. She's on! ~ (APPLAUSE) Ooh, you clap for a really long time, don't you? I'm not complaining, though. I love it! Thank you. This is a song that means a lot to me. ♪ Don't Answer Me Come on, Robert. Why don't you just watch her singing? ♪ I'm asking you to tell me why ♪ You leave me as often as you do ♪ Am I to be your used to be ♪ Can I be losing you? ♪ I don't know why ♪ I'm asking you ♪ When I know what it may be leading to ♪ Don't answer me ♪ Don't answer me ♪ Not if you're gonna tell me ♪ We are through ♪ Don't answer me ♪ Don't answer me ♪ For I'll be left with nothing ♪ If I ♪ Lose you (APPLAUSE) Didn't she sing it lovely? (PHONE RINGS) Hello? It's me. You were great tonight. (SOBS) I was thinking of you when I was singing it. I love you, Cil. I love you too. So what are we gonna do about it? Erm... Can't you come here and see me? I'm at the Grand. I'm on me way. (CILLA LAUGHS) I'm sorry I've been so selfish. I've told you before - don't go apologising. Come in with me, Bobby. Bobby, I can't tell you how thrilled we are to have you back. Likewise. Not least because I still can't be trusted to open a door without virtually knocking myself out. Now I have been doing some thinking. Cilla's recording career will start to peter out, maybe this year, maybe next. Nothing lasts much longer than that in this industry. And er...the trick is to start the next career before that happens. What "next" career? Can I get anybody a drink? No, thanks. What do you mean, "next" career? I've...been getting a lot of offers for you to do television shows. They like how natural and unaffected you are in front of the camera. But I'm a singer, Brian. She's only interested in doing telly shows to help sell her records. What does she want to be on telly for? I really think you should look into doing something on TV. It's a perfect fit for you. No. I'm sorry, Brian, but we're not interested. I'd be grateful if you concentrated on her singing career, and finding songs for her to record. (DOORBELL) That'll be them. Bobby? ~ Well, go on - answer it! ~ (GIGGLES) Mum! Dad! Come in. Come in. ~ (CILLA LAUGHS) ~ Hello, love. ~ How are you? ~ Hiya. ~ Hey. All right, Bobby lad? ~ Mr White. ~ Come here, Queen. ~ (BOTH LAUGH) ~ Hey. ~ How are you? Bloody hell. This is swanky, in't it, eh? Right on Regent's Park, eh? So this is the main bedroom. This is my bedroom. ~ It's absolutely lovely. ~ (LAUGHTER) Oh, lovely. ~ And this is Bobby's bedroom. ~ Very nice. So, what's happening next, Cil? I always love to hear what they've got you doing. We're having a bit of a row with Brian at the moment. That's all coming to a head, but... Apart from that I'm in a show with Frankie Howerd in the West End. ~ Oh, I like him, don't I, John? ~ Oh, aye. She bloody loves him. Come and see the bathroom. It's through here. Listen, lad. I have just spotted one of your socks in the other bedroom. It's her mother I'm worried about. She doesn't understand these things like I do. Like you? Oh, aye. It's no skin off my nose. I'm a man of the world, all right? I've been away to sea, haven't I? Just be a bit more careful about how you go about your business. All right? Righto, Mr White. Brian, I'm not happy with the songs you've been offering Cilla. Just leave it there. We'll serve ourselves, thank you. I know she's had a terrific run with you, Brian, but I wonder if it might be time to take a step back... No, please. No. Please don't leave me. Look. Look, erm... the boys, they won't tour any more. They just want to work in the studio, so I'll have plenty of time on my hands now. I...I promise you I'll do better. Brian, you know I love you, but you said yourself nothing last forever. Look, Cilla. Please, I'm begging you. Please don't leave me. Come on, Brian, don't do this. The boys are drifting away from me... and...and if I lose you then I'll have nothing. OK, well, we'll take a few days. We'll...we'll talk about it. And er... We'll think about things and talk about it again, OK? We will... We will talk about it again? Yes. Oh, thank you. Oh, God. Oh, thank you. CILLA: Thank you. (PIANO MUSIC IN THE BACKGROUND) ~ You don't have to have steak every time. ~ I like steak. Mind your own! ~ What is it? ~ Says you've got a phone call. I'll take it. Hello? What...? What's happened? It's Brian. He's dead. No! No. (SOBS) No... The police said they couldn't be sure if it was an accident or not. But he died from an overdose of his sleeping pills. He was found alone...in his bedroom. On the bed next to him was a contract from the BBC. It was for you. To present your own show. A six-part series, just waiting for your signature. What do you think it means? I think erm... He's still your manager. That's what I think. ♪ Step inside, love ♪ Let me find you a place ♪ Where the cares of the day ♪ Will be carried away by the smile on your face ♪ We are together now and forever come my way ♪ Step inside, love (APPLAUSE) ♪ And stay ♪ Step inside, love ♪ Step inside, love ♪ Step inside, love ♪ I want you to stay (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) (LAUGHS) Don't you clap a long time? No, it's lovely, though. Don't stop. ♪ Step inside, love, I want you to ♪ Step inside, love, you know I do ♪ Step inside, love ♪ I want you to stay! ♪ Step inside, love, I want you to ♪ Step inside, love, you know I do ♪ Step inside, love ♪ I want you to stay ♪ Step inside, love, you know I do ♪ Step inside, love ♪ I want you to stay! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 