Reef Break: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Reef Break 
 s1e4 - Welcome to the Jungle - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Reef Break (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Welcome to the Jungle - full transcript 
 When the Deputy Governor asks Cat to accompany her to visit an island owned by an old friend of Cat's, Dylan Sawyer, the pair become embroiled in a plot to take over Dylan's pot business and, instead, manufacture Yaba. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Reef Break"... The Governor would like to put you on a retainer. Our island has unique problems. Some problems, the police don't even need to know about. You shouldn't see what's on this computer. Your boyfriend's a cop, right? Wyatt is not my boyfriend. We are friends with benefits. I could never fool you. Except for that time you married me and then forgot to tell me that you were an undercover FBI agent. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You're the mercenary who does a bunch of shady stuff for Carter Eastland. I think I'm gonna enjoy getting to know you. Well, most people do. ♪♪ ♪ Hi, ho, tripper's out cold ♪ ♪ I've got a feeling like a tired old flow ♪ ♪ I know what I am, they know what they are ♪ ♪ So let me be ♪ ♪ Alright, it's okay ♪ ♪ I got the time, but the time don't pay ♪ ♪ It's alright, it's okay ♪ ♪ I got the time, but the time don't pay ♪ ♪ It's alright, it's okay ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ I got the time, but the time don't pay ♪ ♪ It's alright, it's okay ♪ ♪♪ I don't know any Mr. Smith, but if you're looking for the fat guy, last I saw, he was cuffed in the bushes. Might even be on his way to Central Processing right now. ♪♪ ♪♪ Hands in the air! ♪♪ Where the hell does he think he's... ♪♪ Where the hell do you think you're going?! You gonna go get him? We're wearing body armor, Detective. I know this is just your way of showing love. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪ Why with the state that I'm in ♪ ♪ Everybody here is dancing ♪ ♪ All I wanna do is get ya body next to mine, yeah ♪ ♪ It's like sugar ♪ ♪ So sweet ♪ ♪ Good enough to eat ♪ Hey. Hey. You looked impressive out there. Ah, well, if I knew I had an audience, I would've put on a real show. You know, I can get you a wet suit and get you up on a board in no time. Uh, I'm here on business. Come on. I think you really want to let your hair down. I don't, actually. I want to talk about a man with his own island, Dylan Sawyer. Well, there is a name that brings back some memories. I'm sure it does. We're gonna pay him a visit. We are? Why? Well, uh, we can talk about it in the car. It's a bit windy out here. Let's get you dressed. Sure I can't get you out on the water? ♪ Ooh ♪ So, where's your fancy driver today? Day off. Day off? Yeah. So, I'm guessing this whole trip to Dylan's island is off the official books, right? Look, I know you and Dylan Sawyer are friends -- I wouldn't say "friends," exactly. That's exactly what you said to the Governor. Work friends. You smuggled drugs for him? No, I never smuggled drugs for him. I mean, I may have put a package in my surf bag that smelled like weed once or twice, but -- you know what? -- it was probably money, because all of Dylan's money smells like weed. Do me a favor? Don't share inculpatory statements about drug felonies. Okay, do me a favor? Don't refer to Dylan's marijuana as "drugs." He'll find that very offensive. ♪♪ ♪♪ Why are you in my chair? DEA asked me to check in on your big bust. Anonymous tip on a Thai fishing boat. Yeah, we caught the guys. Enough caffeine and meth to keep the South Pacific high for a month. Caffeine and meth? That's ingredients for Yaba. Yeah. Which the Thais manufacture in the mainland. Yeah. So... They're importing the ingredients to cook it on the Reef. That's an amazing deduction. Okay. Mind if I sit in on your interrogation? Just keep your mouth shut and let me take the lead. You know me -- low profile. ♪♪ ♪♪ Wow, this is one long-ass boat ride. If I had access to the Governor's fancy private plane, I would've just flown it right out here. No pilot, no flight plan. As you inferred, given the nature of the trip, we thought it'd be wise to limit our footprint. Good point. Now, remember, you're here because, to Dylan, you're a friendly face. Last I knew. What does that mean, Cat? Last you knew? Well, you know, I haven't seen him in a while. Since when? Since that whole "I married an undercover FBI agent who brought down half of the underworld on the Reef" thing? You know this is gonna be really tricky, right? I like tricky. I'm not kidding, Cat. If you can give Dylan a comfort level, that'd be great. Remember, this is a political negotiation. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Cat: Whoa! Quite the welcoming committee. Ana: You know Dylan's son. Beau! Gosh, I haven't seen you since -- Before I left for Cambridge. Yeah. Bring it in for a hug! Or a handshake. Alright. Lieutenant Governor. Beau. Dad's waiting up at the house. We're gonna have to sweep your boat, and we'll need to take your phones. Uh, we're not giving up our phones. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ That's a lot of phones. ♪♪ Glad you came, Cat. Really smoothing things over. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ I'll go around the back. -Take 3 o'clock. -Yeah. Mr. Sawyer. I'm Lieutenant Governor Ana Dumont. And you showed up. Well, I just wanted to see if you'd kiss me or kill me. Hmm. Kind of a risk, then. Last I remember, you were not the killing kind. That was a long time ago. But still holds true. You look great. ♪♪ He says he doesn't -- Yeah, I know. He's been saying it for the last half-hour. I now know how to play dumb in Thai. Look, we know there's a lab somewhere on the Reef. First one who gives it up gets a deal -- the rest of you are looking at 10 years minimum. Yeah, yeah, it's like there's an echo in here. Get him to holding. -Jake -- -No cushy U.S. prison for you. I'm shipping you back to Bangkok. Bang Kwang prison -- that's leg shackles and maggot soup! ♪♪ We're making runs ahead of the lab. They're planning to set up in the next two weeks. Where? I really don't know, but it's gonna be big. There are 10, 15 more shipments coming through the Southeast Slot, and they're sending The Chemist. -The Chemist? -Who's The Chemist? The Chemist from Chiang Mai. The Chemist. From Chiang Mai. ♪♪ It's killing you how I knew he spoke English. It's killing you not telling me. Seem a little easy, though? How fast he gave it up? You threatened him with one of the five worst prisons on the planet. Still. So what? You want me to ignore a tip on 15 shipments of Yaba? No. I want to know who The Chemist is and why he was supposed to give him up. We find The Chemist, we find the lab. I'm bringing in my fourth major crop -- No, your sixth. This was 2006. Right, 2006. Cat's on her way to Sunset -- Wahine Pipe Pro. That is a huge surf competition. Volcom has her on a private jet. She decides it's a good opportunity to move some weight. I thought you never smuggled drugs. I did not smuggle. I was a dealer for a while, though, but I did not have the patience for retail. Or the public. Or the public in general. So, I've got everything packed, ready to go... She wants to pay me in cases of MP3 players, fell off a truck somewhere. Okay, they were very cool back then. I live on an island. Off the grid. I don't even know what I'm looking at. Can we get to the point? Beau... Now, she doesn't want to hear old crook stories any more than I do, Dad. You never had kids, right? None that I know of. Ana: As you already know, Reef Island's been seeing an influx of smugglers the last few months. Guns, drugs, even human cargo. Are you suggesting I have anything to do with that? I don't touch anything I don't make, I don't make anything I don't grow, and I don't grow anything but Anemone Red. Finest weed in the South Pacific. Which is why we've been hands off. That and because we're your second highest source of tax revenue and charitable donations, after Carter Eastland. Have you been approached about using your air strip? There's a new player on the Reef. They're setting up a lab to make Yaba. We know that you track boat and plane traffic coming through this corridor. They want us to spy for them. We'd like your cooperation. You're quiet. Especially for you. Oh, well, you know me -- I just came for the free champagne, the fancy bruncheon, the possibility of a gift bag on my way out. So, what do you think? ♪♪ I think there's a deal to be made. ♪♪ The Governor's office does not have standing to make an official agreement with an illegal business. Quasi-legal. As a U.S. protectorate, we're bound by the laws of the United States. Here's what I think. Early heads-up if the DEA is showing any interest. Keep it off the books, make it a handshake deal. Can I talk to you for a second? ♪♪ She's a little uptight. I'm just gonna go help her relax a little. ♪♪ ♪♪ Hey. What are you doing? Uh, Anemone Red, man. Let's go get high. ♪♪ I am not getting high. And I told you to let me take the lead. Do you understand that we're not even here? If it got back to DC that the Governor's office was communicating with a known drug dealer -- you cannot offer to inform on the DEA. Yeah, I know that. ♪♪ Then why did you? Because if I asked you to get up and leave the table, it would've looked suspicious, so I wanted to make you pissed off enough that you got up and left so that I could follow you, which, by the way, happened a little too easily. What are you doing? Did you not notice that this place is suddenly swarming with guards, including the two who were watching us from out in the hallway? Yeah, I did, but why? Wh-- What are you thinking? I'm something really bad is about to go down, and we need to run like sonsabitches. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Wow. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ It's all good, okay? It's all good. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Whoa! ♪♪ Do you know how to use this? After what you just did, you don't? If Krav Maga has a firearms class, I must've missed it. That was badass. ♪♪ Interpol's been tracking a Yaba cook based in Chiang Mai. This guy had so many aliases, everyone ended up referring to him as "The Chemist." This is the most recent image RPD has on file. Wyatt: Looks like our young smuggler was telling the truth. I mean, the rest of his story is panning out. We've already got eight bogies coming in from the northwest, got the whole Air and Sea Unit on them. Does it not all seem just a little bit too easy? Where'd you get the initial tip on the boat from? Through the Governor's office. Through your sister? Where did she get the tip from? I asked. She didn't say. Well, maybe ask again. I tried. No one's seen her all morning. No one knows where the Lieutenant Governor is? What about Cat? I tried her, too. She's gone off the grid. So, they both go dark same time as this pops up? Does that not seem a little strange to you? Maybe we should pay the Governor a visit. Come on. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ -Would you look at that? -What the hell are they doing? Looks like there's been a palace coup. The guards have Dylan. ♪♪ And it seems they're not working alone. So then we got to get out of here. Okay? My guess is they've already taken the boat and the radio. Dylan has an air strip near here. If we can get there without them catching us, I can get us back to the Reef. You know how to fly a plane? ♪♪ Ah. Well, we're gonna find out, aren't we? Come on, let's go. Come on. Ouch! ♪♪ Thank you, sir. Thank you. Okay. I don't want to see it. Uh, Charlie, what seems to be the... ♪♪ Sorry to bother you, Governor, but we're having trouble getting in touch with the Lieutenant Governor. I have no idea where she is. And, uh, quite a tight schedule. So, if you don't mind -- How does such a bad liar win four elections? By putting the good people of the Reef first. Ahead of special interests every single day. Right, but while you're busy doing that, RPD is chasing a dozen drug boats around the Pacific Ocean. We're concerned that we're being decoyed. Stand down, Andy! It's alright, Andy. A moment? Lieutenant Governor and Ms. Chambers are on a private assignment, reporting directly to me. If they're incommunicado -- Because? They traveled to one of the Outer Islands. No flight plan was allowed? They went by boat. ♪♪ The initial tip from the Thais came from Dylan Sawyer's people. You sent Cat and Ana to an isolated island without backup, drug runners start flooding the waters, and you don't tell anyone? I have every confidence in my st-- Oh, for God's sakes. ♪♪ That is not the company you want to keep, Detective. It's my sister out there. And your lover? Diverting department resources from a drug bust to a girlfriend rescue is not a good look, Detective. Small island. ♪♪ ♪♪ Looks like we're late to the party. ♪♪ Dylan lied. He is expanding his empire. No. No way. I've known Dylan a long time. He would never get caught up in something like this. You sure about that? Those crates don't look like fertilizer. It doesn't make any sense. Let me ask you something. Who asked for this meeting -- you or Dylan? Dylan -- Well, Beau. Beau asked for the meeting? Let me ask you another question. Do you get the sense that Dylan would let Beau have that kind of responsibility, or any kind of responsibility, for that matter? You think Beau has daddy issues? ♪♪ Yeah. ♪♪ Yeah. And we don't want to be here when they come our way. Let's go. Come on! ♪♪ We got to get out there. Air and Sea are on the other end of the Chain. Even if we divert units to pick us up, or even if they get there without us -- Do you think that's a coincidence? No! Whatever's happening on Sawyer's island, this is part of the plan. Sawyer's got, what, maybe 15 people? You got to figure in drug runners, too. I mean, if they're after... ♪♪ She doesn't... We've got to grab a boat, any guns we can muster. ♪♪ I have a better idea. We need a plan. Oh. Well, you know, I'm more of a fan of waiting things out and seeing who comes out on top. You would be. Okay, there it is again. There is what again? That -- That unmotivated anger thing. You know your brother's a grown man, right? I can't help it if we have an intense sexual connection. Thank you for that. You really think I care about the two of you? Okay, well, why else would you be so...angry? I mean, to be fair, I did save your life. You mean 20 seconds before I saved yours? Well, yeah, that's a good point. Thank you for that, by the way. Why are they not looking for us? If they wanted us here, I mean, I don't -- Beau wants you here. He has what he wanted. ♪♪ My phones. Your phones? If Beau's converting a pot farm into a drug lab, he must have a plan for keeping the law at bay. Well, what does that have to do with your phones? A direct hack into the Governor's private servers, access to privileged communications, leverage. Just how crooked is your boss? Crooked enough to get things done on the Reef. Not so crooked that I can't get up every morning and go work for him. You coming? ♪♪ ♪♪ As you can see, Mr. Eastland has generously agreed to lend you a security detail. Whoa. That's a lot of hardware for an oil company. We'll need you to sign where indicated. For? Liability. You're worried we're gonna break one of your helicopters? Not our liability -- yours. That all it says? We won't blame you if we fall out? Any subsequent goodwill would be strictly off the record. Right. Meaning you can't ask for favors, but you sure expect them. You came to us. ♪♪ Let's mount up. -You two with me. -Roger that. I know this was my idea, but why does it feel like we're selling our souls? ♪♪ ♪♪ You really aced that balcony drop. And that Krav Maga? Yes, someone other than Cat Chambers possesses a skill set. Wow, that came out of left field. Did it? Yeah. Is there something you want to talk about? Not at the moment, no. Just seems like -- I don't know -- We're being hunted through the jungle by drug-running gunmen. This really seem like the time? Except we're not, though. Where are they? Hmm? Maybe we're not the center of their universe. Okay, there it is again. Another thinly veiled insult. The boat's this way. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Where would they keep our phones? Probably in Dylan's den. There's a wall safe there behind the Gauguin. From the footprint, I'd say it's a Rexfield 383 or 385. You saw all of that walking through? Yeah, well, old habits die hard. Rexfields have a four-digit code with a light-up keypad that loves grease. I want you to look for the four greasiest numbers and start working the combos. Why are you telling me all of this? Uh, 'cause I don't plan on getting killed for your three phones? I'm gonna find a way off this island. You're leaving me here? When you get in there, I want you to look for powder -- talcum powder, baby powder, any kind of powder, and I want you to lightly dust those keys for fingerprints, alright? Seriously? If you want your phone back, yeah, very seriously. Oh, and good luck, by the way. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ You know we've got cameras, right? ♪♪ You know it's illegal to drive in this country without a seatbelt, right? Let's go! ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Stuyler: Let's go, let's go! ♪♪ ♪♪ On me, let's go! On me! ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Wyatt: How do they figure they'll hold the island? Well, the same island a pot dealer's held for 20 years with half a dozen bodyguards. They'll be heaviest at the air strip. We hit them hard and fast, get control of the situation, and then we come back for the hostages. Right, except they've got the Lieutenant Governor in there and probably Cat. So? Well, if we make that much noise, we get them all killed. ♪♪ Alright. ♪♪ ♪♪ Man, Cambridge was a bad investment. You wouldn't listen, Dad. Weed is legal in more and more markets. It's only a matter of time before Philip Morris and Altria jump in and price us out. We diversify or we die. Kidnapping the Lieutenant Governor? That's your business plan?! You really think I'm an idiot, don't you? Every idea I have, you just blow me off. Well, now I've got the guns, and I'm calling the shots. ♪♪ ♪♪ Team Two, we got two vehicles coming your way. Should be at the airfield in 5. Obviously, you have a plan, Beau, and you're smart enough not to hold hostages indefinitely. If you want me to, I can relay your objectives to the Governor. When the time is right. When's the going to be? Maybe when this guy tells Beau... ...exactly what those objectives are. ♪♪ The ball's in your court, Beau. But see this vine wrapped around his neck? It's called a dead man's trigger. You shoot me, your boss dies, as well. He's not my boss. -Beau. Look, listen. -Dylan, any hope we have of getting out of here in one piece includes you not telling your son what to do. ♪♪ You two, go, go, go. ♪♪ Hey, on me. ♪♪ ♪♪ Beau, you're the one in this room that has the advantage. We saw the two of you on the airfield. He respects you. Tell him to get on the radio and tell his crew to get on that plane and get off the island. We'll let him go! Beau, look at me. I've known you since you were a kid, and I've spent all of my life dancing on the wrong side of the law. So, trust me when I say the guy you deal with is never the guy. Now, tell these girls to put their weapons down and get out of here. Irma, you should go. ♪♪ You speak Thai? ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Where the hell are they? Copy that. Team Two says they've just started up their plane. Oh, she must be with -- they must be with them. Tell them to stop the plane, but don't open fire. We have to stop that plane. ♪♪ ♪♪ Well, hey, fellas. What are you guys doing here? Uh... Rescuing you. Oh. Sure. Okay. Well, thanks. Listen, that guy over there, he's some big international drug dealer who tried to take over the island. I told him we'd let him go if he played ball with us, but I lied. So, I'd really like you to prosecute him to the full extent of the law. You know what I'm saying? I... You're a good man. We're just gonna meet with the... Okay, let's get him out of here. Man: Absolutely. I've survived this long not holding grudges. Maybe... Obviously, I've made mistakes. ♪♪ But not like this. ♪♪ Dad... Don't worry. Your trust fund should pay for your lawyer. ♪♪ ♪♪ Cat: Hey. Hey. ♪♪ Are you okay? When Beau was a kid, he wanted to be a veterinarian. And then, growing up here in the middle of all of this... Hey, look at me. No regrets. You did the best you could, alright? Wasn't good enough, apparently. You're a good father, Dylan. You are. And -- and Beau made a stupid mistake that, hopefully, he'll learn from. Oh, my gosh, don't you remember all the mistakes we made? Yeah. Remember when I sent you to Maui with Anemone Red in your bag? -Oh. -You got so high, you missed your heat because you were building a sand castle. I stand behind your product. So, do I get, like, a free unlimited supply? Absolutely. Cat... Thank you. Sure. ♪♪ I'll take this with me, okay? ♪♪ My advice? Take The Chemist and Beau and call it a day. Me? What about your -- I got what I came for. Alright. You heard the man. Let 'em fly. Today, you saw the reality of having Mr. Eastland as an ally. You can avail yourself of the opportunity... or not. ♪♪ It's the tail number of an airplane held by a shell corporation. You run it and text me the details of the owner, and we are at the onset of a mutually fruitful relationship. ♪♪ And if I don't? You won't see us again. Whether your helicopters are available or not. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ You knew that I would get caught? I knew. Listen, I needed you to keep Beau busy once I figured out there was a bigger dog running the whole operation. I figured he was here checking out his new pot fields. What I didn't know is where he was holding Dylan, and they walked me right there. Am I just supposed to be okay with all of that? That's up to you. If you think it could've worked out any better. I don't know if there was a better way any of this could've turned out. Is that a "thank you"? It's as close as I feel myself getting. Oh. Bring it in for a hug... or a handshake. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪ Well, I had a dream I ♪ ♪ Stood beneath an orange sky ♪ How did you get Carter Eastland to help? I asked. That's it? You just asked? You'd be surprised how far you can get just asking nicely. Really? Hey, your, um -- your ex. When you went missing, he went nuts. Really? Threatened to physically assault the Governor, actually. Well... that's the old Jake I knew. That's kind of my point. He's not over you, Cat. ♪♪ ♪ With my brother standing by ♪ No, maybe not. Look... When you go through what Jake and I went through, you don't just get over each other. You know? You... hopefully move forward. Meaning...you? ♪♪ Meaning me. And if Jake hasn't figured out a way to move forward, then, you know, he'll have to -- he'll have to deal with that. ♪ Stood beneath an orange sky ♪ I'll take that. ♪♪ You know... I think we should still get some credit for that rescue. Oh, really? Mm-hmm. We threatened the Governor. Yeah, uh, Jake threatened the Governor. Yeah, but I backed his play. You're a badass. ♪ With my brother and my sister standing by ♪ ♪♪ ♪ With my brother and my sister standing by ♪ ♪♪ Your running mate nearly got you killed. He would've let you die just to protect himself. Well, he is a known quantity. And for the moment, my necessary evil. Yeah, well, back in my sunnier days, I'd have said that no evil is necessary. But now not so sunny, huh? Oh, it's getting brighter again. When I saw you today, it was all I could do not to just grab hold of you. Me, too. I nearly told Cat. ♪♪ So, maybe... this is not as casual as we keep saying it is? Maybe. Just maybe, though. Even before Cat got here, this was tricky. And now it's just -- I was worried about you. Because you knew Cat could handle herself. ♪ I see the settling I have in my eyes ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Imagine my surprise ♪ What? You get hot intel on drug runners -- Which turned out to be a ruse. And you gave your brother the tip, not me? Wyatt's career still has a shot. Ohh. Come here. ♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Oh, as the dust came down ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ When I drown, I drown ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Lining wood slab on a cold city street ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Soaking up the rain ♪ ♪ With the soles of my feet ♪ ♪ Now the city feels like a cold, cruel place ♪ ♪ When you're down on your luck and it spits in your face ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ I'm walking barefoot now ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh ♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 