Reef Break: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Reef Break 
 s1e11 - Dream Lover - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Reef Break (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Dream Lover - full transcript 
 Cat is exposed to a bio weapon. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Reef Break"... The Governor would like to put you on a retainer. Some problems, you need -- Cat: A fixer? Let's tell the world that we're together. You think so? What's stopping us? Your past -- there's still something there. We got a good thing going. Yeah. I want to be with you. How about this? I'll wait. It's only Adderall. They sell it in school like Skittles. Are you dealing? My dad was Shorepound Gang. It's who I am. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Who you are right now is just dumb. ♪♪ ♪ I just want to celebrate ♪ ♪ Another day of livin' ♪ ♪ I just want to celebrate ♪ ♪ Another day of life ♪ ♪ I put my faith in the people ♪ ♪ But the people let me down ♪ ♪ So I turned the other way and I carry on, anyhow ♪ ♪ That's why I'm telling you I just want to celebrate ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Another day of livin', yeah ♪ ♪ I just want to celebrate ♪ ♪ Another day of life ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Had my hand on the dollar bill ♪ ♪ And the dollar bill flew away ♪ Hey. Wish me a happy birthday. ♪ But the sun is shining down on me and it's here to stay ♪ ♪ That's why I'm telling you ♪ ♪ Don't let it all get you down, no, no ♪ ♪ Don't let it turn you around and around and around ♪ ♪ And around and around, 'round, 'round ♪ ♪ 'Round ♪ Whoa! Lights! ♪ Wine and go up, wine and go down ♪ ♪ Bubble and a rock to the new style around ♪ It's a new moon tonight, so there won't be any night surfing after the party without those bright lights. Well, I gotta give you credit, turning up to your party in a stolen vehicle with a law-enforcement officer in attendance. Make that two. And then I'll be asking him to drive it home at the end of the night. Payback for that blue MINI that you gave me. ♪ Boom shack-a-lak ♪ ♪ Wine your body ♪ ♪ Wriggle your belly ♪ ♪ Dip and go down in a new style-ee ♪ ♪ Wine and go up ♪ ♪ Wine and go down ♪ ♪ Bubble and a rock to the new style around ♪ ♪ Are you fe ram it up ♪ ♪ Are you fe jam it up ♪ ♪ Do the boom shack-a-lak till the dance hall fill up ♪ She's got moves. You can say that again. No, I don't think I will, actually... What? You said it, but I'm the one in trouble now? ♪ Wine your body ♪ ♪ Wriggle your belly ♪ ♪ Dip and go down in a new style-ee ♪ ♪ Wine and go up ♪ ♪ Wine and go down ♪ ♪ Bubble and a rock to the new style around ♪ ♪ Are you fe line it up ♪ ♪ Are you fe wine it up ♪ ♪ Do the boom shack-a-lak till the dance hall fill up ♪ All: ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪ ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪ ♪ Happy birthday, dear Cat ♪ ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪ Speech! Speech! Okay. Speech. I hate speeches. All right. When I came back to the Reef a few months ago, I was not sure that I had made the right decision, and standing here, looking at all of your faces... Well, I'm still not sure that I made the right decision. But whatever. If I can say just one thing to everyone here tonight... it would be... ♪♪ ...I think I'm gonna throw up. That's my girl! Shut up, Otter. This mean there's not gonna be any night surfing? Really? Wyatt: You okay? That's got to be like 10, right? More like, uh, 12, but, hey, who's counting? Me. Come on, have a sip. Okay. I don't feel good at all. Yeah. Oh, God. I feel awful. Yeah, you, uh, you look awful. Thanks, that's exactly what I want to hear on my birthday. Well, hey, birthday achieved, right? God, you're burning up. We got to get you to a hospital. Get off me. No, you have to go to a doctor. On three. One, two... I just need some personal space. I'm sorry, I don't feel good. Hi, I'm Dr. Kay. How are we doing this morning, Miss... Chambers? Oh, you're so perky. That's great, that's great. Well, we -- like I told the other doctors -- are throwing our intestines up. That's how we are doing. Humor. That's always a good sign. Really? Doesn't feel like a good sign. Kind of feels like I'm dying. Well, we're still waiting on some results. Um, have you consumed any raw fish in the past 24 hours? Oh, I can't believe you just said "raw fish." No. Chicken? No. No chicken. No. How about mushrooms? Oh, like magic mushrooms? We should've done that since it was my birthday party. Your birthday party? I see. How much alcohol did you consume last evening? Before or after I got to the bar? Total. Hmm... Six... teen...? Give or take. Right. Um, well, while we wait for the results of your blood test, let's keep you hydrated. -Thank you. -Okay. She is perky. All right, I'm out of here. Whoa, hey, hey. Where do you think you're going? Ohh, dizzy. Dizzy, dizzy, dizzy. I want to go home. All right, well, let me see what's going on so we can get you out of here. Dr. Griffin, patient not showing any signs of... Hey. Everything okay? This is Dr. Griffin, head of infectious diseases. Infectious? What's your relationship to Ms. Chambers? Boyfriend. Kinda. It depends on the day... hour. What's going on? Hepatic panel shows her liver enzymes are extremely high. Meaning...? We could be looking at liver failure. Liver f-- Excuse me? Your friend, I'm sorry to say, is very sick. An infectious disease is attacking her body. Now, we'll know more once we get the full toxicology results back, but for now, the best course of action is to treat it with an aggressive dose of antibiotics. Woman over P.A.: Paging Dr. Griffin. Dr. Griffin, please contact 823. Oh, excuse me. ♪♪ ♪♪ She's gone from 94/96 to 170/100 and elevating. Yeah. And those platelets are just way too high. Look, I-I'll call you back. Patient been out of the country? No. Her white blood count is through the roof. Fever spiking, she could be approaching a multi-system organ failure. Ebola? More likely pneumococcal pneumonia, but I've never seen a bacteria move this quickly. ♪♪ We need to quarantine anyone who's been in contact with the patient over the past 24 hours. We could be looking at an outbreak. Get her into isolation right now. Transfer for Ward 3. Transfer for Ward 3. Yeah, can I have the CDC, please? Lieutenant Governor. Detective Tolan. Is Special Agent Elliot here? Mm-hmm. Mornin'. I'm here to inform you and the Lieutenant Governor that you're to be quarantined until further notice. Both: Quarantined? For what? An outbreak. Some kind of dangerous bacteria you two were exposed to at Cat's party last night. How many people are ill? Only one so far. Cat Chambers. No one else? Not yet. Okay. Thank you. Hello, Governor. Yes, I'm fine. I understand full well the danger, but we don't have the financial resources for this kind of situation. Let's declare an emergency and let the Feds foot the bill. Right, okay. Highly contagious illness? Do you feel okay? Yeah. You? Fine. Every simulation that the CDC ran for us at Quantico involved dozens of patients, not just one. Somebody else ought to be ill by now. Well, maybe they just haven't gone to the hospital yet. No. It's a small island. If you're that ill, we would've known. And there's nothing wrong with us, only her. ♪♪ ♪♪ Hi, Special Agent Jake Elliot, FBI. That was quick. I just got off the phone with the CDC. Oh, they didn't send me. Then why are you here? I'm Cat Chambers'... ex-husband. Look, since you're talking to the CDC, we both know that this is not a random illness, now, is it? No. All indications are Ms. Chambers has a weaponized, gram-positive infectious agent consuming her body. Weaponized? So she was deliberately targeted. How? Through skin contact, ingestion -- it's hard to pinpoint just yet. But you can cure her, right? Agent Elliot, her organs are attacking themselves. Meaning...? At this rate, I believe Ms. Chambers has less than 48 hours left to live. I'm sorry. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪ He's got you on your knees with that formidable cool ♪ Hey. Hey. Nice bike. Get dressed. I'm taking you away. Where are we going? Las Vegas. Vegas? Mm-hmm. You know that dress I love? Uh... The white one? Don't forget to pack it. We leave tonight. ♪ The moment that you meet him ♪ ♪ Your name shoots up, up on the list of the death pool ♪ Where am I? Hey. Hey. Wh-What am I doing here? You're home. Doctors thought you'd be more comfortable here. Plus quarantine's been lifted, so... Quarantine? Yeah. They thought you might be contagious, but you're not. That's a good thing for you since you're in, like, spitting distance of me. Um, is that a nurse, or did I get involved in some kinky role play? She's, uh -- she's here to help make you comfortable. That sounds like a euphemism for, "Cat, you're in a whole crap load of trouble." What is going on? Someone gave you a deadly bacteria on purpose. Ow, don't make me laugh, it hurts. You're joking, right? You're not joking. Why would anyone want to make me sick? It wasn't just making you sick. What are you saying? This could kill me? We're going to figure this out. Now, the doctor says, based on the speed of which the bacteria is spreading through your body, he's got a pretty solid guess that it entered your bloodstream 11 to 12 hours ago. At my birthday party? Mm-hmm. Great. Yeah, someone wants you dead. Yeah, it seems so. The Point Bar doesn't have any security cameras, but I can pull cellphone footage, photos, social media posts. If we can find out who did this to you, we can find an antidote. You know what? Wyatt, wait. I'm coming with you. I'm not just gonna lay here and die like a big wuss. No, Cat. Nurse. Cat. Do not. Hey, yo, Nurse Ratched, I told you -- Try and take it easy, sweetheart. Take it easy. This is gonna help you sleep. You're drugging me. You can't just... Wyatt: It's okay. ♪♪ ♪ Don't want no other love ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Baby, it's just you I'm thinking of ♪ Is that absinthe? 148 proof. Distilled from the finest botanicals Versailles has to offer. Ohh. This was Hemingway's personal favorite cure for a tropical hangover. Well, i-is that part of Hemingway's cure, too? Oh, no. This is for us. Our divorce papers. ♪♪ The boat is finally finished. She's seaworthy, and I'm set to sail. But not without you. But you -- you lied to me. And you chose your job over me. This is why... I'm leaving the FBI. You are? You're leaving for me? I got everything I could ever need right here in front of me for the rest of my life. So, no more Reef. No more FBI. Just you and I. And a whole lot of sunsets. Your wedding ring. I never really took it off. Kitty Cat. Hmm? You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I love you. ♪♪ I love you. ♪♪ It's hard to believe, after everything I've been through, this is how it ends, you know? No, Wyatt has almost everybody's cellphone. He's scouring the footage. We're gonna find who did this. Yeah. But, hey... We have been through a lot worse situations. I am not letting you die, Cat. Okay. ♪♪ Hey, Jake... It's okay. ♪♪ What is? To be scared. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Happy birthday, Cat! Wyatt: Got anything? Sure. Lots of drunk people having fun. You? Wait, actually...yeah. Lab results just came back with high traces of carnauba wax and mineral oil adhering to the bacteria in Cat's blood? Meaning it was passed to her through surf wax? No. Lipstick. "Lady Noir." Cat's favorite. Means someone had to get Cat's bag to get the lipstick. Oh, yeah. ♪♪ There. See that? On the shelf behind them? That's Cat's handbag. Blow that up. ♪♪ Go back, go back. Okay, play from there. ♪♪ All right, freeze it. That's him. That's our assassin. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪ You're so sweet, darlin' ♪ Well, every girl deserves a white dress on their wedding day. Speak up if you disagree. Up. Hey, come on in. Too early for mimosas? It's never too early for a mimosa. I'll have mine straight up. So? You and Jake... leaving... on his boat. He told you about that? Oh, honey. Jake tells me everything. Don't worry, I know the two of you belong together. What? You were expecting a fight? Yeah, I was expecting a fight. I mean... To you and Jake. I can see it now. You, Jake, all alone in the middle of the ocean. Very romantic, right? Yeah, it is, isn't it? Just the two of you, surrounded by nothing but thousands of miles of water. Nowhere to go or escape to when you, you know, get into an argument. What are you really here for? I came here to tell you a single fact. That you really shouldn't go. Oh, not because of me. For Jake's sake. You already know how this ends. Don't you? ♪♪ I'm just gonna sit on your porch. ♪♪ Ana? Ana: Hey. Where's Jake? He had to leave. Um... There was a break in the investigation. Okay. That's good, right? It is. Can I get you something? I'm freezing. Thank you. Do you like me? Is that a trick question? What do you think about me being with Wyatt? Well, he's my brother. Mm-hmm. I love him, and... if you make him happy, then I support him. If I make him happy. And he's doing everything he can for you right now. Okay? Okay. He's gonna figure this out, Cat. I'm so cold. Ohh... Nurse. ♪♪ I'm gonna have to go. ♪♪ Let's get you back into bed. ♪♪ Hey. Anything from the State Department? They're -- They're working back channels. The Australians are sending one of their top diplomats despite claiming no knowledge of your suspect. Look, I know this is really hard for you. Oh, for all of us. Yeah, for all of us. But especially you. You think I'm still in love with Cat? Well, I know you think you are, but... no, I -- I don't. I don't even know what that means. Trying to recapture something that was... that was great and exciting because it couldn't possibly last is one thing, but... It's not love. ♪♪ You think this is the right place and time for a discussion like this? Yes, I do. Because I want you to know that I'm still here... for now. Okay? Now, go and save Cat's life. ♪♪ Can I get you something? Coffee or some water? Oh, two fingers of a single malt would be good. Sorry. Never hurts to ask. Please, take a seat. No, thank you. I suppose we should get down to business. Yeah, who's this man? Someone we have. And from your expeditious arrival here on the Reef, I'm assuming your government wants back quickly and discreetly. You're certain about that? FBI has solid evidence he's done contract work for the Australian Secret Intelligence Service. Spying on your allies has serious consequences. It's highly illegal and will not be tolerated. And, uh, you're looking to overlook this if...? Your man has given a United States citizen a deadly toxin. A bacteria I suspect was created by your government, which also means you have the antidote. I hope. And you're certain this is him? 100%. Hmm. Hmm... Well, you're correct. He is a very bad man. But he's American-born. And while he may well have worked for us in the past, unfortunately now, Jamie has gone off the reservation. We have no control over him. This -- This woman who is dying, she's -- she's very important to us. To me. The Australian government needs to act like a true ally and share the antidote. Well, I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do to help your friend. ♪♪ ♪ Ah, ah, when I was younger ♪ ♪ I, I should have known better ♪ You came this far. ♪ And I don't feel nothing back ♪ Just go in. You know, there were so many times I wished Cat was dead. Never thought it might actually happen. I'm betting she'll pull through. Just to rub it in our faces. Go. ♪♪ I asked for a lawyer and this is who you bring? Busted selling ecstasy? Hey, you're the one who told me to stop selling Adderall. Oh, I'm glad you find this funny. Yeah, well, never lose your sense of humor. You taught me that. So, what are you doing here? Well, I'm here to make things right. How? I can get you out of here, and you can come away with me. But you gotta stop dealing drugs. You have to. Okay? You really don't want me to end up like my dad, do you? Of course not. I don't want you to end up dead. All right, let's go. We shouldn't even be here. ♪♪ What are you doing? My job. Well, we can't just give up on her. You know, you do what I do long enough, and you get to learn a couple of really important things. Like what? You can't save everyone, and some people ain't worth the effort. And that girl is both. Well, you know what? I don't believe you. We can help her. Face it. She's looking at Federal charges. You know what that means. ♪♪ That means she does real time. Oh, yeah. You have done everything you can. Now... get on that boat with me and leave it all behind. ♪♪ But I don't want her to die. ♪♪ Petra... I'm really glad you're here. Yeah, well, Otter made me, so... Uh-huh. Stop pretending like you hate me. I know you don't. Are you ever gonna stop telling me what to do? Nope. If you're expecting me to say I forgive you, I'm not gonna do that. You don't have to forgive me. But I need you to listen really hard, okay? If I'm not here to ride your ass, I want you to make good... choices. Because you can have a good life. You're smart... and brave... ...and you've got this. It's gonna be okay. 100%. Okay? Can you please just not die? ♪♪ I'll work on that. ♪♪ Let me tell you how this is gonna go down. She dies, you die. Murder one, pre-meditated, you get the death penalty. You want me to tell you a little about lethal injections? Apparently, the first shot puts you to sleep, but I don't buy that crap, not for a second. One guy, he dug his hands so hard into the table, he ripped his fingernails out before he was even halfway gone! Jake: Detective, interview's over. You, on your feet. Officer, cuff him, get him ready for a Federal Marshal to pick him up. What are you doing? Ah, the guy's being transferred to a federal prison, where a U.S. Marshal is going to take custody. So what the hell am I supposed to do? Just give up? No. You need to be with Cat while there's still time. ♪♪ ♪♪ You know that woman who's dying... I used to be married to her. Well, still am, technically. ♪♪ Interesting tidbit. I wasn't aware. ♪♪ You know, if you're trying to scare me, it didn't work back in the station. ♪♪ I'm a wanted man in my country alive. The secrets I know, I'll be extradited by morning, so let's cut the tough-guy act, please. ♪♪ What are you doing? When we hit, I want to make sure I don't survive. ♪♪ No air bags, no roof, 40-year-old seatbelts. ♪♪ You manage to live, you'll be eating food through a straw for the rest of your life. ♪♪ What the hell are you doing?! You're crazy! Where's the antidote?! I don't have it, I swear! What about the bacteria?! I don't have it, I swear! Okay, stop, I'll talk! ♪♪ ♪♪ Why does the Australian government want Cat Chambers dead? They don't. This was just a free lance job, a chance to make some quick cash. Who hired you? I don't ask. Tell me about the bacteria. Where did you get it? This scientist, okay? He used to work with our intelligence agency. He disappeared to these parts a couple of years back. How did you make contact? Dark net, but he'll have burnt any trail by now. You better give me something more than that, or am I gonna bury you out here. When our scientist went AWOL, we were able to ping an offshore account to a shell company here on the Reef. That doesn't help. I don't know, man, he was just some local business guy. Think! Uh, E-East -- Eastland. Carter Eastland. Carter Eastland. ♪♪ I knew you weren't letting him go. That's why I'm still here. We got to get to Carter Eastland, now. He's stepping out of his office in 15 minutes. I think maybe I better do this on my own. ♪♪ Mike. Mike, that's not the answer I was looking for. Not even close. Sorry, sir, I tried to stop them. Get out. What the hell do you two think you're up to? Be quiet. Is it Tori? No, it's not about Tori. This is about Cat. Short version, Cat Chambers was intentionally poisoned using a bacteria created by an Aussie scientist. What makes you think I can help? Because you know where he is. All right, I have no idea what you two are talking about, but this conversation is over. Or do I have to call your boss? You know, I haven't warmed up yet, but I'm pretty sure I can throw you off that balcony. Detective, I realize you're a little upset right now, but you and I both know you wouldn't dare touch me. Yeah, well, maybe, but that doesn't mean that we can't hurt you. Say on Dun & Bradstreet, hmm? Within a week, all your companies will be worth less than dog excrement. Based on what? Based on an FBI special agent going in front of every cable news network and explaining how a certain Carter Eastland is the mastermind behind a murder-for-hire racket with international repercussions. That's a fabrication and you know it. Yeah, well, who cares? Huh? It'll make headline news. And good luck proving otherwise. ♪♪ The man you're looking for is called Dr. Shane Newton. He works for my company developing alternative fuel sources. I had no idea about his past. Sure, but you knew enough to hide him. Location. Now. ♪♪ Hey, Doc, a word. Shh! You understand what happens if I drop this vial? Best chance of curing Parkinson's goes down the drain. Literally. I-I-I don't know how you found me, but if I go with you, we are all dead. Stay here and I'll kill you myself. Now move. Where to? To someone who, at this very moment in time, is dying because of a concoction you cooked up. Oh. B162. There'd better be an antidote around here somewhere, Doc. No. No, there's no antidote. It's a deadly bacteria I accidentally created a couple of years ago. I was trying to do good -- We don't care what you did back then. She's dying. I-I'm sorry. Hey, genius. You got a 20-minute ride back to Reef Island to figure it out. But -- ♪♪ ♪ Hey, now ♪ ♪ When it's time to die ♪ ♪ The world won't cry ♪ ♪ It's the end of the youth ♪ ♪ Only God knows when the beast was feeding ♪ ♪ Taking from our mouths when we ain't eating ♪ ♪ Only God knows ♪ ♪ Only God knows ♪ ♪ Shedding more blood than we are bleeding ♪ ♪ Shedding more blood than we are bleeding ♪ ♪ Only God knows when the beast is eating ♪ ♪ Taking from our mouths when we ain't eating ♪ ♪♪ How is she? Ana: Not good. Who's this? That's the guy that created the crap that's killing Cat. Can he save her? It seems that our best chance lies in this guy's blood. ♪♪ Is this really the only way? I've been exposed to the bacteria over the years. My body has built up antibodies. ♪♪ Well, come on. Get that line into her. We have no time. This is the only way. ♪♪ Now what? Now we let gravity take over. How long until we know? Only God knows. ♪♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ I've been told, I've been told to get you off my mind ♪ ♪ But I hope I never lose the bruises that you left behind ♪ ♪ Oh, my Lord, oh, my Lord, I need you by my side ♪ ♪♪ She must have been even wilder back in the day. Oof. Statute of limitations prevents me from saying much. Well, that, and also I'll plead the Fifth. But let me put it to you this way... Just think about what she's put you through. You mean running around the jungle? Being chased by machine-gun-wielding drug dealers? Or literally gambling with a plane load full of passengers' lives? And that was when she was on the right side of the law. ♪♪ Hey, guys. Cat. Cat? Hey. Hi. Jake: Hey. It worked. What did? Dr. Feel Good there. Who's Dr. Feel Good? Oh, he's this crazy scientist. He actually created this deadly bacteria, which he regretted, and -- and then we had to find him, and it was -- he was on an island. All right, Jake. We almost put a stop to that -- Jake, Jake, Jake, Jake. It's really good to see you. Oh, it's good to see you, too, Kitty Cat. ♪♪ ♪♪ Does anyone have a sandwich? Because I'm really hungry. ♪♪ ♪♪ Pretty sure I get mine off first. You're making a big mistake. This was never about Cat, was it? She was just a pawn. You were using her. You were using us just to draw Dr. Newton out of hiding. You know his work, eh? Well, you know why I have to do this. Not my call. Drop your weapon. Drop your weapon! ♪♪ Step aside. One thing I can't figure out is why not go after Eastland directly? Would you two have worked half as hard to save him? I didn't think so. ♪♪ ♪♪ Cat: You're telling me that a mercenary who works for the Australian Secret Service put a biochemical weapon on my lipstick at my birthday party to find a scientist who works for Carter Eastland? Yep. Pretty much. Yeah, we think he targeted you because, well, everyone on the Reef thinks we'd do basically anything to save you. Oh. Well, if that is true, then it was kind of a good insane plan, getting the two of you working overtime to find an AWOL scientist. I can't take all of this in. I need a drink. What is that, tequila? Give it to me. It's good to see you back to your old self. Yeah, well... You know, I had some, uh, pretty weird dreams about the two of you. Oh, do tell. Weird how? I mean, how weird? Well, I could tell you... but I'd have to kill you. Let it suffice to say that, in my dreams, I realized that I couldn't live without both of you. ♪♪ I think she's still delirious. You know what? We should throw you a party again. You kind of ruined the last one. I'm down for another birthday party. No lipstick. No lipstick. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 