Reef Break: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Reef Break 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Reef Break (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 Former thief, Cat Chambers, returns home and finds herself in the middle of a kidnapping when the daughter of one of the most prominent citizens goes missing. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Private beach! All good... I'll stay on the other side of the reef. Ladies and gentlemen, we are in our final descent to Nimitz Bay, the crown jewel of Reef Island. Local time is 10:50 a.m. It's a beautiful day at the reef. Light breeze coming out of the east. Top temperature is around 84 degrees. As you know, Reef Island is a U.S. territory, and all U.S. citizens, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 please make sure you have filled out your Customs declaration forms before you deplane. Flight crew, prepare for landing. Thank you for flying Reef Island Airways. Thank you. Air Marshal, am I right? You're the only one on the plane wearing a jacket. You didn't get up from your seat not even once during the whole flight, not even to pee. And you've got that Beretta-sized tumor on your right hip. Plus, you kind of look like a man of the law. So, how is it you didn't notice that guy right behind you in 4B? He was the first one off the plane, got up to check his bag, like, seven times. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Plus, he had a gun in his boot that they missed in Los Angeles and Honolulu and a wound on his left side that is starting to seep through his shirt. So, I'm thinking maybe armed robbery? Why the hell didn't you say something? Uh, well, I didn't want to get stuck inside a 12-foot-wide tube during midflight... crossfire? Everybody! Get down! Stop, man! Hm? Stay down! Keep the change. Help with your bags? Jimmy. - Hey. Cat. - Hey! - Welcome home. - Yeah, well, this isn't home. Not anymore. You saying you didn't miss us? Oh, come on, Jimmy. You know I love you guys. I just, uh, you know... Well, it's complicated. Hey, hey, I thought you were doing more time. When did you get out? About a year ago. Wow. You got a job, you got a suit. You look good. You here for Doug's parole hearing? Uh, yeah. I thought I'd drop by. Seems like you couldn't stay away forever. You take care. Hey, what can I get you? Scotch rocks, Kiko. Can I get you another? Sure. Two. I'm gonna guess... - vacation? - Business. How long you here for? Why? 'Cause you can show me around? Let me guess. You just got that shiny gold badge. Congratulations. You're a detective. And tonight, you're thinking you'll pick up the next shiny thing that catches your eye. Okay. You're not interested. Oh, now, is that what I said? Well, you're not making it easy. Oh, you're a good-looking guy. I bet most things come easy. And you're the hot local detective, and I'm supposed to figure you're safe for a one-night stand. That's why you're cruising a hotel bar in the first place. Can we just rewind to the "good-looking guy" part? Yeah. I'll bet you like to be on top. We don't have to start there, but it's usually where I end up. The Reef Island Police Department have yet to obtain evidence that the young woman had succumbed to any foul play. In a statement, the RPD said... - Morning. - accidental drowning - is one of their lines of inquiry. - Hey. While the search for Tori Eastland continues, a spokesperson for her father, Eastland Empire CEO Carter Eastland, said that the family remains hopeful - that she will be found. - Wow. Tori Eastland. Richest family on the island. Hasn't brought her back yet. kept prying eyes at bay. - What? - You remind me of someone. Can't quite figure out who. Well, it's a good thing you didn't use that line last night. Yeah, seriously. Well, Reef and I have history. But I haven't been here in about... five years. So, there's an offshore hitting the North Reef. I'm gonna scrounge up a surfboard and get in a few sets. You know, I was born here, lived most of my life here. Just never saw the appeal of surfing. So... Later? A-Actually, later, uh, I got stuff. Later after your stuff? Well, after my stuff, I'm gonna surf some more, - and then catch a flight out. - Whoa. It was fun, though. Yeah, it... was fun. - See ya. - Bye. Remorse? That's just a word to most people. That they demand from someone else. But for the last five years, remorse has been the air that I breathe. I accept responsibility for every deed, every crime, everything I've ever done. I ask this parole board for the chance to live a quiet and peaceful life among my fellow citizens. Thank you. Miss Chambers, we understand that you would also like an opportunity to address this Board? Oh, you bet. See, this, uh, remorseful soul over here? He ordered members of the Shorepound Syndicate to murder me and FBI agent Jake Elliott, who still bears the scars of that attack to this day. Uh, Miss Chambers, before you turned informant... Informants get paid. I accidentally married an undercover FBI agent. You used your profile as a professional surfer to smuggle drugs, launder money, and steal jewelry and cash from hotel rooms. I was accused, never convicted. Mnh, because you cut a deal, predicated on cooperation... I am not a rat. I only testified after Doug O'Casey tried to have me killed. If I did not cut a deal, I would have been dead. Listen to me... I dragged my ass 13 hours across the Pacific to state the obvious. The idea that you would let this man out because he went, what, a few years without shanking anybody is insane and only reminds me that the Reef is still the shadiest sunny place in the country. Hey, Cat! Emma Hahn, KFZA online. Hey, Emma. Still working the courtroom beat? Uh, how's it feel being back home? Okay, is this really news? Shouldn't you be covering the kidnapping of that rich girl in the kayak? - Tori Eastland? - Yeah. Who told you she was kidnapped? Police said maybe accidental drowning. Well, they're wrong. Black Moon Beach is 6 feet deep out to Stevens Point. If she drowned, they would've found her body by now. Police haven't given any indication of a kidnapping. Huh. Well... I'm probably wrong. What do I know? I'm just a surfer. Hey, get off my wave! Aah! Oh! Oh! Aah! Hey! If you're gonna cut me off, at least finish the wave! Petra? I haven't seen you since you were like... 10. Okay. Is this really news? Shouldn't you be covering the kidnapping of that rich girl in the kayak? Tori Eastland? Who told you she was kidnapped? Police said maybe accidental drowning. Well, they're wrong. Black Moon Beach is 6 feet deep out to Stevens Point. If she drowned, they would've found her body by now. More importantly, there's no surf south of Martyr's Inlet. Well, you know, maybe I'm wrong. What do I know? Thought I recognized you. Well, I'm not sure how. No endorsements, never cracked the Top 44... Yeah, but I do know my mug shots. Yeah, I was accused, never convicted. Just get dressed and get in the car. Why? Where are we going? Nowhere. No, that is unacceptable. Yeah, I got to go. Cat Chambers. Carter Eastland. Thank you for coming. I didn't really feel like I had a choice. This is Ana, from the Governor's office. Lieutenant Governor Dumont. Oh. Hi. I'm really sorry to hear about your daughter. Is that why you made a very public statement about Tori's disappearance? Oh. No, that was just... An hour after she posted your interview, every local news channel picked it up. And then this showed up in Eastland Empire's public inbox. They want $6 million to be delivered by Cat Chambers. - What? - Instructions to follow. Okay, I... I had nothing to do with this. I just arrived on the island, and... and, in fact, Detective, um... Detective... Cole. Right, Detective Cole here can account for some of my time. And the parole board can vouch for most of the rest. We're not accusing you of anything. I'll pay you $50,000 to deliver the ransom. I'll give you another $100,000 when Tori comes home safely. Wow, that's a very generous offer. Um... I'm sorry, does it not strike anyone here as a little bit odd that these kidnappers picked my face off of TV to be a ransom courier? Not when the courier used to run with the nastiest gang of smugglers, thieves, and killers in the South Pacific. We were never kidnappers. Following their instructions optimizes my chances of getting my daughter home safe. Will you do it? Will you bring my girl home to me? Yeah. I mean, I'll try. I will. Wyatt will be your liaison to the Governor's office. So, "Wyatt," huh? Interesting... you're on a first-name basis with the Lieutenant Governor on the Reef? Yeah. People here know each other's names. Seems to me like you and her might have a little bit of history. If I had any juice with the Governor's office, we wouldn't be trusting a jailbird looking for the money angle. I'm not a jailbird. Listen, I have an idea. How about I help you find Tori before we have to make the ransom drop? That way, we skip the whole "me getting stuck between the bad guys and the cops" thing. You have no inside information. Look, I surfed the Reef for 12 years. I can find a surfer kid who distracted a bodyguard, okay? Kid must've known exactly where the security cameras were. There's not a single clean shot of his face. Well, it's the best lead we've got. There is no "us." There is me working the case, there is you going back to your hotel room... that I'm sure the parole board is vastly overpaying for... and waiting for my call! You know, Wyatt... I don't really see us hooking up again. Mm-hmm. Hey, Kitty Cat. Hey. Come on up. I, uh... I looked for you at Doug O'Casey's parole hearing. Doesn't the FBI expect you to show up for stuff like that? The Bureau doesn't expect anything. The only reason I wasn't sent home in the last round of budget cuts was they realized they'd have to put me someplace else. I need your help. Whoa! The last time you said that, killed my career. Uh, no, marrying me while you were undercover killed your career. Memory serves, you let me in on that little secret about day 3 of our honeymoon, after I'd already admitted to about a half dozen felonies. I was a bastard, wasn't I? So, there are these kidnappers, and, uh, they like my face for a ransom drop. - Eastland thing? - Yep. And then there's this detective... Wyatt Cole. - Cole. - You know him? Oh, as far as I know, he's okay. Um... Eastland hasn't bought him... yet. Jake, you're the only FBI agent on this island, and you're good. How are you not involved in this case? "Not involved" is exactly how the Bureau wants me. It strikes me as a little screwy, though... picking you off a screen. Me too. Maybe the doers are ex-Shorepound, figure they'll get a bit of payback. This is why I need you watching my back. - No. - Come on, Jake! - No. - We're good together! - No. - There's a big payoff at the end. Oh, of course there is. Alright, fine. I'm a mercenary, okay? But there's still a girl who's out there, kidnapped, and the "okay" detective, he won't even let me see the surveillance tape. What I heard was, the old man fired the bodyguard for screwing up. The guy got on a plane to San Francisco before RPD could find him and having him go through some mug shots. And... Alright, call it just a detached professional curiosity. "Detached." Alright, this board is a Paulownia 6'1 Walrus with basswood stringers. That's one like Otter makes. Is he still camping out at that junkyard? Oh, because you're gonna go down there alone, asking questions? Sign these first. They just missed you at Bondi Beach last July, and you haven't been in one place more than a month since. Tell me about it. Divorce papers? One of us had to get off their ass, make it official. You mind if I have someone take a look at these? Sure. You sure you don't want to come with me to Otter's? You know, for old times' sake. It'll be fun. Ha. It was only ever fun for you, wasn't it, Kitty Cat? Hey, you got a car I can borrow for a while? You always could read my mind, Jake. Okay. Otter! We're closed! Get out! Cat? Fight or eat? Depends on the sandwich. Roast beef, swordfish, grilled onions, and a hot dog hidden in there somewhere. - Wow. - Mmm! Hard to believe you're still single, Otter. Screw you, Cat! Geez. What's with the hostility? Who was it that said I was the only fence on the island because I'd eaten the others? That was a cheap shot! That was a misquote. That was a wiretap transcript! Fine. I said it. But who tipped you off before the arrests were made so you weren't busted as a criminal associate? Why the hell would you show your face in the Reef again? Well, it's a long story. The short version is, I'm looking for a grommet. He's got blond hair, no beard, a Paulownia 6'1 Walrus. I'd know one of your custom-made boards anywhere, Otter. Okay. You're looking for Lonnie. Yeah? He's crashing with some lowlifes at this, uh, green-roof house on the Back River. You know... the one Manny G. used to rent. Yeah. Are they... Are they dangerous lowlifes? Look, all Lonnie said was that they were these hard guys with a big-dollar plan. - Okay. - Yeah. Hey, what do you know about Mike Torrance's kid? She punched me in the surf today. - Petra? - Yeah. Where's she living? I see her camped on the beach sometimes. You know, she just turns up here and there, kind of a stray dog vibe, somewhere between mean and tough. Sound familiar? Enjoy your sandwich! Oh, my God. This is not what it looks like. Start at the top, work your way down. So, you're back at the hotel, where I told you to be? Well, telling me was your first mistake. Listen, um, it's... His name is Lonnie, he was crashing - with an ex-Navy SEAL... - Ex-Navy SEAL named Billy Knox. Yeah, we know. He's been renting the house since... Why am I even telling you this? I don't know, because my investigation got here faster than yours? This isn't an investigation. This is breaking and entering. I think that Knox killed Lonnie after he grabbed Tori Eastland. Now, listen, I know I should've called you, but I wasn't exactly feeling the... Really? Oh! You've got to be kidding me! You know, I pictured this moment going somewhat differently. Me too. For one thing, the cuffs were fur-lined. Ow! Petra? Hey. Okay. The knife is an Ontario MK 3... U.S. Navy SEAL standard issue. Serial number came back to Billy Knox... dishonorably discharged last year. He's been working as a diving instructor at Mako's, where he met Tori Eastland. That's how he knew the layout and her routine. And he's in the wind, but now that we have an ID... Why is Cat Chambers under arrest? Because I don't think we can trust her. And she burglarized Knox's house. Sounds like she was trying to help and she got there first. By, like... five minutes. What's your problem with... You slept with her? Uh, before... before I knew who she was. I went out on a limb getting you promoted. Eastland trusts Chambers. So do the kidnappers. Cut her loose. Oh, so now the guy with the biggest house on the island tells us how to do our jobs? The man whose name is on half the parks and museums and three streets on the island tells the Governor. Who tells me. Then I tell you. Tori Eastland has a knife held to her throat by a trained killer the Navy couldn't control. We can't count on an ex-Shorepound thief who could still be working. I'm sorry... am I boring you? Eastland just got another ransom message. Cat Chambers comes alone in a marked police boat to the following coordinates. If they see one helicopter in the sky or... or one other boat in the water... they will kill me... You're delivering $6 million to Hermit's Atoll in 58 minutes. Oh. Lucky me. Hey, um, the guard said she's in here for shoplifting a couple beers. Okay if I pay her bail before we head out? No. Okay, Wyatt, alright? I'm sorry, okay? I should've called you when I got the address. It's just... I have trust issues, okay? Yeah. Mainly that you can't be trusted. I'm trying to be a better person here. Who is she to you? Well... She's kind of the bad end to a worse story. I, um... Listen, if things go south out there today, I just... I'd like to put a couple checks in the plus column, you know? Sure. Thanks. You're scared. We're here, even if you can't see us. We got three transponders on you. Why? In case I look at $6 million sitting next to me and decide to go left instead of right? Yeah, that did come up. Ha ha! Now, don't protect the money. You worry about Tori Eastland's safety. And yours. In which order, Wyatt? Which do you think? I think I got her. Tori! Are you okay? I'm Cat. I'm here to help. You'd better get away before they blow up the boat! I'm pulling the plug, dispatching bomb squad. I'm supposed to call them. Alright, then. Call them. You were supposed to come alone. Tell those boats to back off... now! Back off and drift to starboard. Let me see the bag. Alright. Got it right here. Toss it over the side. Just do what he says and don't talk about the bomb. Let's talk about that bomb first. Watch this. Aah! Now are you gonna listen to me? Dump the money now. I'm putting the money in the water, okay? When the money's counted, I will text you a seven-digit code to disable the bomb. He's got a diver down there. He just snagged the bag. It's time to back away now, Cat. Cat... Come on. You can put the phone down. He's, uh... he's calling back, though. Sure, maybe. How'd you get out here, anyway? Scuba gear. They've got some kind of, um, underwater sled. Who's "they"? Billy Knox and two other guys I don't know. They've been keeping me in their camp on the north side. Get that, Wyatt? Yeah, copy that. Cutters Charlie and Echo, come around from the north and south side of the atoll. Everyone be advised that the suspects may be using a diver propulsion vehicle. Don't even think about it, Cat. Billy Knox and his friends are currently distracted by counting the money and the cops. So what say you and I stop staring at each other and haul ass out of here? Let me get you untied. He said to wait for the code. He's a kidnapper. Not someone you can really take at their word. What I do know is that Billy Knox is gonna open that bag and find $30,000 and a whole bunch of nautical line. Are you crazy? Well, the theory has been floated to me once or twice. We got to go. Oh, my God. Ohh! Ohh! Ohh! Go! Get ready! Let's go! Cheers. Ugh. So, we found the other two kidnappers... facedown in the atoll, still in their scuba gear, bullets in the back of their heads. Ah. I guess Billy Knox didn't want to share. Police are still searching for a third suspect in the kidnapping of Tori Eastland. I want to thank the hundreds of thousands of people who offered me their hopes and prayers across all of my social media platforms. That's it? S-She thanks her flippin' Twitter followers and not us? Well, you did almost get her blown up. And that! What the hell was Billy Knox thinking? You're expecting $6 million. You don't just give up your collateral that easy. That's why you held back the ransom money. You were trying to control the action. Hey, uh... you know, you did good. Made the right calls, you're asking the right questions. All in a day's work. Try to keep your enthusiasm from bubbling over. No, it's not... it's... I've been on this same hamster wheel since I was 17 years old, you know? Chase waves, steal money to chase more waves, and... I don't know, I'm thinking maybe it's time to stand still for a while... let some unfinished business catch up with me. Wyatt. What? I think Knox blew that boat up because he didn't check the money. He assumed it was all there. Kills his partners and then uses the explosion as a getaway plan. Which... Um, I need another shot, you need another fruity drink, and... - Uh... - This round's on me, - and I'll be right back. - Look, I... Agh! Hi! Wow, kayaking in the very same place you just got kidnapped... with a deranged killer on the loose. You are one brave girl. He's got to be, uh, halfway to New Guinea by now. New bodyguard? Yeah. Daddy fired Rocko. Rocko must have been the tricky part. You needed a witness so everyone would know you disappeared. What are you talking about? - Private beach! - All good... I'll stay on the other side of the reef. You used Lonnie to distract your bodyguard. The divers knew exactly where to find you on your kayak... when to grab you, where to grab you. Yeah, I couldn't figure it out. Why the hell would she kidnap herself? And then I saw you on TV, and it all made sense. One reporter for a rich girl missing at sea, a bunch more when it turns out to be a kidnapping, and then the whole circus descends on the Reef for your stunning rescue. The money was for Billy Knox. You just wanted the fame. I live on an island no one knows about with a last name my father pays a team of lawyers to keep out of the news. I can't build a brand that way. That's what this was about? Selling perfume? - A reality TV show? - Oh, reality TV? Come on. This isn't 1990-something. In the last week, I have jumped from 25,000 followers to Kendall and Gigi numbers. And I haven't even started sharing the inspirational details of my struggle for survival. Your daddy on board with this? Daddy's just happy to have me back in one piece. Is this why you're here? Want to shake me down for some hush money? Who'd believe me? I'm just a washed-up surfer and an unconvicted thief. No, I am not your problem. Billy Knox, however, has a very nasty habit of murdering his partners. Shooting them is probably the best thing he's done in his life. What about Lonnie? Did he deserve to die? Yeah, that's what I thought. Good luck out there. Hey. Hey, wait a minute. I'll pay you whatever you want, okay? Come on! Run! Go, go, go, go, go! I want you to get inside the house. I got a gun in the car. - You're leaving me?! - Get in! Go! Aah! Jake! Are you okay? Hey. Oh, my God, are you okay? Hi. - Hey. - Hi. I want my damn car back. Oh, careful. All units, code 4. 45 Pacific Point Drive. I didn't know if you'd show up. 'Course you did. You call, I jump. - Hey. - Hey! I was sitting right there. You could've told me what you were thinking. Uh... She called me because no one's really sure who you answer to. That, and she hasn't worked out which of your buttons to push. Yet. Well, it seems I owe you for my daughter's life again... and for recovering my $6 million. How much do you know? All three kidnappers are dead. And what you seem to believe could be construed as slander. A legal threat from the most powerful man on the Reef? That's... not impressive. Well, believe me, I have no illusions about my daughter's foibles. But I bet you spend a lot of time cleaning up after them, don't you? Yeah. And after this latest misadventure... I'm gonna be tightening the leash. So you consider four murders a misadventure? That... That is good to know. What I want to know is what I can do for you. Well... I have always wanted to live in a house on the beach. Hey. You know the Eastland beach house? Sure. But why? There's a boathouse attached to it, a key above the door. If you ever need a place to stay or dump your crap, it's yours. I'm not going there. That's the rich girl's place. Not anymore. It's mine now. Her father made her move back home with him. - Long story. - Going home is a punishment? For some. You really think the key to a boathouse makes everything okay? No. I don't. I could tell you why I killed your father and how I had to. It won't make any difference. A warm place is a warm place, and most of the world isn't. Just... take it from someone who knows. Oh, and, um... stay off my waves, you little punk. Housewarming gift from the Governor's office. Wow. Okay. Got to admit, you take your hush money in style. It's only hush money if saying something would make a difference. Tori's not the first poor little rich girl to get away with... Murder? Don't make the same mistake her father made. She isn't dumb, and she didn't get lucky. She knew she'd get figured out eventually, so she set up all the angles so she'd get away with it. Living in her house is vigilante justice? Works for me. Are you really planning to stay on the Reef? I don't have anywhere else to be. Be or go? Uh, I'm either gonna really like you or really... not. Well, I'm hoping for the former, since the Governor would like to put you on a retainer. A retainer? To do what? Our island has unique problems. Sometimes the police just need an outside pair of eyes. Some problems, the police don't even need to know about. Some problems, you need a... A fixer? Someone who can think fast and keep quiet. What makes you so sure I can keep quiet? I'm sitting on your beach in front of your new beach house. Good point. If you call, I'll answer the phone. But other than that, I'm a slave to my conscience, such as it is. So... a case-by-case basis. Case-by-case basis. I was gonna suggest you stop sleeping with my brother, but neither of you seems inclined to self-restraint in that department. Wyatt Cole is your brother? Half-brother, yeah. I had no idea. - I thought... - Well, now you know. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 