American Experience: Season 23, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 American Experience 
 s23e1 - Robert E. Lee - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 American Experience (1988–…): Season 23, Episode 1 - Robert E. Lee - full transcript 
 From PBS and American Experience - Robert E. Lee is celebrated by handsome equestrian statues in countless cities and towns across the American South and by no less than five postage stamps issued by the government he fought against during the four bloodiest years in American history. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Tonight... MAN:  Lee is the bloodiest general  in United States history. He was a killer, a very dangerous man  with an army. MAN:  Lee was not a general  about probabilities; Lee was a general  about possibilities. WOMAN:  He came to encompass  the Lost Cause, the romanticized parts  of the old South. The reality is,  it's a little more complex. ANNOUNCER:  Robert E. Lee,  on American Experience. Captioning sponsored  by LIBERTY MUTUAL, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 the ALFRED P. SLOAN FOUNDATION, the NATIONAL ENDOWMENT  FOR THE HUMANITIES, the ARTHUR VINING DAVIS  FOUNDATIONS, the CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC  BROADCASTING and VIEWERS LIKE YOU (pilot voice on radio) RINGSIDE ANNOUNCER:  Schmeling is down! Exclusive corporate funding  for American Experience is provided by: ROBERT E. LEE (dramatized):  I, Robert Edward Lee, do solemnly swear  that I will support the Constitution  of the United States. I do solemnly swear to bear  true allegiance to the United States of America 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and to serve them honestly  and faithfully... NARRATOR:  From the moment he arrived at the nation's military academy  in West Point, Robert Edward Lee eagerly  absorbed the strict and selfless ethic  of the United States Army. LEE (dramatized):  ...and the orders of the  officers appointed over me, according to the rules  and articles of war. NARRATOR:  The beauty of it was the high-minded ideals  provided him a proper channel for his ardent desire  for recognition. LESLEY GORDON:  West Point was founded  to take these young men-- 16, 17, 18 years old-- and reshape them and give them  a new sense of values, of honor and duty  and loyalty to country. It really was a pretty  austere experience. Apparently the food was awful  and pretty sparse. Most of the men  that went there just... they were happy to literally  survive it. But Robert E. Lee seemed  to thrive there. There were opportunities  to really show yourself in front of men and be tested. MICHAEL FELLMAN:  He was always aware of  the impression he was making. And he was a deeply  perfectionist person who had an image  of who he ought to be. He tried extremely hard  to be a paragon. And he wanted to shine. NARRATOR:  Cadet Lee was mindful  of his personal talents and of his place in the world. He was born into  the Virginia aristocracy. His extended clan included  a president, a chief justice  of the United States, signers of the Declaration  of Independence. And Lee's own father had been one of the nation's  most celebrated Revolutionary War heroes. As a daring young cavalry  commander, Light Horse Harry Lee had won  the esteem of General George Washington  and a medal of honor from the Continental Congress. Even at 18, Robert E. Lee  carried himself as if the command of men  was his destiny as well as his duty. I'm personally struck by how many of his peers were  just impressed by his physical presence alone. When he walked into a room, I think that there was a sense  of dignity and seriousness that immediately got the  attention of those around him. ELIZABETH BROWN PRYOR:  People remember that when  he would give them a little nod of approval  or somehow show that he thought that they were  doing a good job, that they felt as if Jove had  come down from Olympus and given him a sign  of his greatness. NARRATOR:  Lee went through the academy with sober and single-minded  purpose. When his fellow cadets  went out carousing or got liquored up  in their rooms, Lee worked: French, applied mathematics,  mechanical drawing, topographical engineering,  artillery. He let nothing slip. Every day for four years, Lee bent himself to attaining  the top spot in his class at West Point. "Number one,"  he would later write, "it is a fine number. Easily found and remembered." PRYOR:  He was a naturally  self-disciplined person but of course it was part  of his ethos also-- duty, self-discipline, denial  and achievement. JOSEPH GLATTHAAR:  Lee was one of six cadets  in his graduating class who received no demerits. He scored perfectly in artillery and in infantry and in cavalry. His math scores were superb. GARY GALLAGHER:  I think Lee's peers  at West Point had mixed feelings about him. I think that many of them  admired him-- it would be hard not to admire  someone who did so well-- did so well in his class work; did so well in terms of behaving according to the  Academy's rules. But I think others saw him  as perhaps a little bit over-the-top in that regard. They called him the "Marble  Model," some of them did. And I don't think that's an  entirely flattering epithet. LEE (dramatized):  Do you ever think of me,  my own sweet Mary? And how much do you  want to see me? Not half as much as I want  to see you... I declare I cannot wait  any longer. NARRATOR:  At 22, Second Lieutenant  Robert E. Lee set his sights on a bride to match his idea  of himself and his future. GORDON:  Mary Custis really came from what I would call  Virginia royalty. Now, Lee himself did come from  very good sort of bloodlines. But hers are much cleaner and to have any kind of claim to  George Washington in Virginia, that's...  that's just instant gold. NARRATOR:  Mary Custis was  the great-granddaughter of George and Martha Washington; her inheritance included  thousands of acres of prime Virginia land,  nearly 200 slaves, and a main estate high on a hill near Washington city: Arlington. From that perch  across the Potomac, her family peered down  on the White House and the Capitol building. For 30 years, presidents had  made pilgrimage to Arlington to dine with the Custises  on George Washington's china. PRYOR: Mary was really not easy to woo. She called herself  an "impregnable fortress." Robert was so nervous around her that he got his younger sister  to pass messages to her rather than give them himself. And one of his brothers had to  send him a little buck-up poem that started out saying if you want to win  the fair maiden, you must be brave because only  the brave deserve the fair. GORDON: When Robert began to court Mary, it seems apparent  that Mary's father, George Parke Custis, was not very keen on this match. He was afraid that this  young lieutenant was going to marry his daughter  primarily for her money. NARRATOR:  The second lieutenant knew  what he was up against. Lee's father may have been  a war hero, but that wasn't the whole story. Sordid tales of Light-Horse  Harry Lee had been at large among the elite of the Virginia Tidewater for a generation. THOMAS:  He managed to lose an  extraordinary amount of money in land deals,  and many of these deals were working  with other people's money. He had the distinction  of having written George Washington a bad check. He wrote his own father  a bad check. He had lost the family fortune; he'd lost the ancestral home  at Stratford; he ended up in debtor's prison. NARRATOR:  "Should I be able  to escape the sins into which my father has  fallen," Lee wrote to Mary, "I hope the blame which  is justly his due will not be laid to me." LEE (dramatized):  And am I so black and handsome and my nose so red and fingers  so white and tapering, oh you will admire to see them. But I wonder if you  are as anxious as I am. Certainly he had  the right breeding and that was a good thing. And he was stunningly handsome,  which Mary probably noticed. He had beautiful hair  and sparkling eyes. And as a young man he had  an ebullient manner, actually. LEE (dramatized):  Is there no way for me  to get there again? To read to you, walk with you,  ride with you. And now, my sweet Mary, you know what I would say to you  if I was there, but I cannot write it. MARY CUSTIS (dramatized):  I wish you were here today  to amuse me while I am sitting  for my portrait. Indeed I wish for you  very often, though I am still content. NARRATOR:  The courtship never did  get easy. Mary refused at least one of  Robert's marriage proposals. But when she finally succumbed,  her father fell in line. Unlike Mr. Custis, Mary's mother  saw the capable young soldier as a perfect addition  to the family, and she hoped her new son-in-law  might take control of the farming operation  from her own flighty husband. Lee declined the offer. Fame and glory did not often  attach themselves to farmers, no matter how wealthy. Lee explained his  decision otherwise. His sworn duty, he would often  remind his new wife, was that of professional  soldier. Robert E. Lee's precise  professionalism and orderly intellect made him what the military most  needed in the 1830s and 1840s: a gifted civil engineer. He redirected a major river,  fortified harbors, defied tides and storms  to build new forts. Duty kept him on the move:  Savannah, Hampton Roads, Baltimore, St. Louis, New York. Mary tried to follow at first, but a brief taste of camp life  made her reluctant to leave her father's comfortable Virginia plantation. The Lees were together enough  between 1832 and 1845 to conceive three sons--  Custis, Rooney and Rob-- and four daughters-- Mary, Annie, Agnes and Mildred. The Lee children grew up at their grandfather's plantation, tended by the family's  numerous slaves. Mary Lee wrote to friends  of the fragrant gardens, with the woodbine and the roses  in bloom, the dense forest  that backed the house, "the sweet green shades  of Arlington." (birds chirping) MARY LEE (dramatized):  My dear Caroline-- we are all very much  as you left us with the addition of Mr. Lee  to our circle, but this happiness we are always  expecting to be deprived of, as he will probably be obliged  to go north on engineer duty. LEE (dramatized):  My dear daughter-- when I come home we must have  such little concerts composed of my sons  and daughters. You must be the prima donna,  Custis the tenor and Roon the bass. But who shall be  the nightingale? Rob or Mildred? I expect it will be Rob. For if he can sing  as sweet as he looks, all music would be  a creaking cartwheel to him. GORDON:  Lee seemed to want to be  a present father through his letters, although he couldn't always  physically be there. And they are very detailed. It seems what he's writing  are the things that he wished that he could be telling them  in person. And they do show an extremely loving and affectionate father. But you also get a sense  from those letters of a real pain that Lee felt  from those separations. NARRATOR: Mary Lee never fully understood  her husband's willingness to sacrifice time  with his family, but she did learn  it was unwise to press him. Near the end  of a tough pregnancy, when she asked him to take  a leave and return home, he lashed out. "Why do you endeavor  to get me excused "from the performance of a duty imposed on me by my profession,"  he wrote, "for the pure gratification  of private feelings?" For his part, Lee was never  entirely at home at Arlington. And his wife's indifference to domestic engineering rankled. "I don't know,"  Lee wrote to a friend, "that I shall ever overcome  my propensity for order." Mary is a free spirit and she has this confidence  that comes from this sort of unassailable  social background. She was less punctual  than Robert; he complained about that  all the time. And she was more given to creative dress, shall we say. There are some wonderful  descriptions of her in some pretty  outlandish outfits. THOMAS:  The children and family life  he enjoyed, he reveled in it,  but it was also confusing. And it sometimes provoked him. He felt, I think,  some relief at being away and simply doing whatever  the army demanded of him, obeying orders as it happened. (explosions) NARRATOR:  In March 1847, on a remote beachhead nearly  3,000 miles from home, calculating the arc and trajectory of artillery shells-- "so beautiful in their flight and so destructive in their  fall," he would say-- Robert E. Lee  finally went to war. Lee wished he was  "better satisfied as to the justice of our cause," but politics was a secondary  concern to him. He'd been preparing for battle  for more than 20 years and the Mexican War  was a chance, he wrote, to "gain distinction and honor and therefore not to be  regretted." And his sterling reputation  within the army had landed Lee a spot  on the personal staff of Commanding General  Winfield Scott. There are few campaigns in the United States' military history that are more audacious than  Winfield Scott's campaign from Veracruz to Mexico City. It involved a much smaller  invading army moving into the heartland  of a very large nation, facing tremendous  logistical problems, and capturing one of the great cities of the Western Hemisphere with a relative handful  of soldiers. GLATTHAAR:  Winfield Scott had to land,  he had to seize Veracruz, and then he had to advance  to the highlands before the malaria season hit. So there was a lot of pressure  on him to execute effectively. And one of his right-hand people  was Robert E. Lee. NARRATOR:  General Scott drove his army  relentlessly across Mexico, racing dangerously ahead  of his own supply lines, and he piled up victories-- Veracruz, Cerro Gordo,  Churubusco, Chapultepec. GALLAGHER:  Anyone who served under Scott, or anyone who observed what Scott was doing from a distance, could learn that  in some instances audacity can carry the day  in military affairs. THOMAS:  From Scott, Lee learned  the lesson of the attack. And he never forgot it. NARRATOR: Robert E. Lee was at the center  of Scott's success. He was the commanding general's  eyes, always out front and often alone, hunting the perfect artillery placement or an unexpected way to outflank  the larger Mexican Army. What Scott emphasized  during the Mexican War was something called headwork. And Lee excelled at headwork. Headwork was going out,  scouting the field, knowing the topography, and coming up with imaginative,  imaginative responses to what your adversary  was doing. PRYOR:  He volunteers to go across  this large lava field called the Pedregal, which had sharp, glass-like points at every turn, to see if he could find a way  to actually get across it. Even some  of the generals say, well, this was maybe, you know,  a little more risky than anybody should have  undertaken. NARRATOR:  Lee made his way through  the perilous lava fields three separate times-- once alone, in the dark,  in a driving rain, within range of enemy fire-- and he found a path for Scott's  army to run a surprise attack that drove the Mexicans from  the high ground at Contreras. CARMICHAEL:  He now had proof--  conclusive proof-- that he was an extraordinarily  gifted soldier. I think that he also discovered  to some degree that the challenge, the danger,  the excitement of combat, that it appealed to him. NARRATOR:  On September 14, 1847,  after a seven-month campaign, Lee marched into the Grand Plaza  of Mexico City with a place of honor  in the victory parade. His name would be conspicuous in Winfield Scott's  after-battle reports. America's commanding  general called Lee's crossing of the Pedregal "the greatest feat of physical  and moral courage performed by any individual  to my knowledge." THOMAS:  Winfield Scott called him the best soldier  in the American army and said that in the event  of a war, the thing that the United States  government should do is take out an immediate  life insurance policy on Robert E. Lee. GLATTHAAR:  What's clear is Lee emerged  from the Mexican War as the rising star  in the United States Army. NARRATOR:  Robert E. Lee had never felt  more alive or in greater control  of his own destiny than when he was in battle  in Mexico. And on his return home, he had trouble readjusting  himself to the peace and to the work-a-day  engineering and administrative jobs  assigned him. Just a few years after  his triumph in Mexico, Lee tried to talk his eldest son  out of military service. "I wish I was out of the army  myself," he confided. PRYOR:  He wants to leave the army and he just can't find  a way to do it. His wife is getting sick, probably from mercury poisoning. She starts being unable to walk and move comfortably  around that time. And not only does his  mother-in-law die, but his favorite sister dies. It's a period where it appears that his life is almost  out of control, or he believes his life  is out of control. And he does turn to religion  at that time. GALLAGHER:  Lee came to religion  rather late in life. He is not a fervent Christian  early in his life-- not at West Point,  not in Mexico, not as a young man  on the move and even an early middle-aged  man on the move. But when he arrived, he was absolutely on board and it became central to how he dealt with almost everything. LEE (dramatized):  My dearest Mary-- I only wish to obey  His Commandments, to neglect nothing on our part  for the accomplishment of that which is plainly our duty and to leave the results in His hands. NARRATOR:  In 1857, ten years after  Lee's triumph in Mexico, and the year Lee turned 50, his father-in-law died and Mary begged Lee to take  a leave from the army and come home to look after  the family estate. ERVIN JORDAN, JR: Lee returned to Arlington after  the death of his father-in-law because of his sense of duty. He was the man, at that point,  of the family. And he felt he was obligated  to take up the task of straightening out  his father-in-law's finances, which were never  in the best of condition. NARRATOR:  The estate was in worse shape  than he suspected. The plantations willed to his sons were barely functioning and heavily mortgaged; there was no cash  to pay his daughters their promised inheritances; and most of the 195 slaves were  unwilling to bend their backs to restoring the farms and  working off the family debt. They had been promised their  freedom in Custis's will and many wanted it immediately. THOMAS:  The problem with Lee  owning slaves was his orders didn't always  get followed right away, as they might in the army. He was having a terrible time  with insubordination. JORDAN:  Lee very much felt that  the slaves who ran away had violated what he probably  felt was a contract, a contract of duty and honor  to him as their slave owner. So as a consequence he was  entitled to punish them because they had violated  their duty to him. NARRATOR:  Lee paid to have runaways  captured and whipped. An eyewitness recalled him  urging a county constable who was lashing a female slave  to "lay it on well." One slave at Arlington  called Lee "the worst man I ever see." At the end of his two years  at Arlington, Lee had accomplished little. The plantations remained  unprofitable, his daughters' inheritances  unpaid and the slaves still in chains  and aggrieved. When Lee finally returned to the United States Army in 1859, he found himself stuck at a desolate cavalry outpost  in Texas, with little to do but oversee  court martials of derelict soldiers and  chase stray Comanche Indians. CARMICHAEL:  He certainly had to wonder,  what was ahead? Had his best days, had they passed  during the Mexican War? Was there an opportunity for him  to fulfill that ambition that had animated him when he was a young cadet at West Point? Here you have R.E. Lee,  this ambition driving him, looking to a military career  that would give him the ultimate source of fame  and maybe thinking that that's really not  in the works anymore. MARY LEE (dramatized):  The Ides of March  are almost here. We of the South  have had great provocation, yet for my part I would rather  endure the ills we know than rush madly  into greater evils, and what could be greater than the division  of our glorious republic? JORDAN:  Lee very much anticipated  what secession meant. He knew it was going to be war. In one of his letters  to his sons, he wrote that the war would  probably last ten years and that it would be  very, very bloody. LEE (dramatized):  Tell Charles he must not  allow Maryland to be tacked on  to South Carolina before just demands of the South  have been fairly presented to the North and rejected. Then if the rights guaranteed by the Constitution are denied us, we can with a clear  conscience separate. As an American citizen, I prize my government  and country highly, and there is no sacrifice  I am not willing to make for their preservation,  save that of honor. South Carolina had seceded because it thought that Lincoln  and the Republican Party would interfere with  the institution of slavery, plain and simple. GLATTHAAR:  South Carolina has  a 2,500-word explanation, which is more an accusation  of Northern interference with their institution  of slavery. Mississippi states it baldly. "Our position is thoroughly  identified "with the institution  of slavery, the greatest material interest  of the world." (gavel pounds) NARRATOR:  Through the first few months  of the secession crisis, the leaders of the South's  most powerful state refused to be swept  into the Confederacy. The preservation of slavery, the Virginia aristocracy understood, was a shaky foundation on which to build a revolution. Many Southerners were incensed that Virginia was trying to play  the peace broker. JORDAN:  Virginia was America's  leading slave state. There were more slaves in  Virginia than anywhere else in the Western Hemisphere,  with the exception of Cuba. People like Jefferson Davis, Howell Cobb, Alexander Stephens all knew that the Confederacy  would not be able to survive without Virginia  being a part of it. There was a tremendous amount of pressure on Virginia to secede. And Lee was very carefully  keeping an eye on what Virginia  was going to do. NARRATOR:  Lee had spent much of his  adult life away from his home, but he was absolutely attached  to the idea of Virginia. It was, to his mind,  a divinely ordered society. In Virginia,  as in all the South, well-born, well-bred  white Christian gentry had the freedom to rule  as they saw fit. Poor and unpropertied whites  lived in peonage, with little ability to sway  their "betters"; slaves toiled under  benevolent masters. When God had a better plan, Lee  believed, He would reveal it. His feelings were generally  along the lines of a group of people who were  called the slavery apologists. Now, these people recognized  that there were moral problems with this institution and they believed that  eventually it would fade away. But they absolutely upheld the right to own human property. And they also had  elaborate justifications about how the slaves  were better off under slavery in the United States than they would have been back in Africa. And Lee's writings are  absolutely along those lines. He certainly never questioned  the values of his class. He would talk about "my people." And by that he meant the white  people of his social class, born to rule. And his honor is involved  in the defense of his people. (cannon fire) NARRATOR:  On April 12, 1861, the secession crisis  became a shooting war. When Confederate forces attacked  Fort Sumter in South Carolina, President Abraham Lincoln called  for every state in the Union to provide troops to assist  in putting down the rebellion. That presidential decree gave the secessionist bloc  in Virginia a powerful public argument  for breaking from the Union. This was about much more  than slavery, they argued. This was about  defending Virginia against a federal attack  on state sovereignty. This was about defending the honor of the state of Virginia. "The requisition made upon me  will not be complied with," wrote Virginia governor John  Letcher in answer to Lincoln. "You have chosen  to inaugurate civil war, and, having done so,  we will meet it." Lincoln's move--  and Virginia's response-- put Robert E. Lee in a bind. Like all military officers, he'd sworn to serve  the United States of America and to obey its president. And the president  wanted Lee's help. CARMICHAEL:  Francis Blair, who was a close  associate of Abraham Lincoln, called R.E. Lee to his office. And in this meeting Blair  expressed to him Lincoln's desire to offer R.E.  Lee command of the Union Army. This, of course,  was really everything that R.E. Lee had been striving  and working for his entire career, put out there  for him in this amazing offer, opportunity. PRYOR:  He declined the offer  on the spot, right then. He didn't take time  to think about it. And he marches straight over  to the War Department, which was a couple of blocks  away at that point, and apparently goes immediately  into Scott's office. This is the man that he most  reveres in the army, Winfield Scott. And he tells Scott  that he cannot lead an army that would invade the South. Lee then tries to convince Scott  that what he'd like to do is sit out the war. And Scott cuts him off and says,  "No, you can't do that. "I have no room in my army "for people who have  divided loyalties. "And if you're going to resign,  you better do it before you're ordered to take  a job that you don't want." NARRATOR:  Lee went home to Arlington  to decide his future. The ideals that had ordered  his life-- honor, duty, country--  did not light a clear path. For two days, Lee anguished  over his decision. Slaves noted him pacing back and forth on the front porch by day, praying in his room  late into the night. Whichever side he chose,  Lee knew, the biggest challenge  of his military life awaited. LEE (dramatized):  General Winfield Scott-- since my interview with you  on the 18th, I have felt that I ought no  longer to retain my commission in the army. I, therefore,  tender my resignation, which I request you will  recommend for acceptance. It was a very fateful decision and it was not one  that he took lightly. Winfield Scott did tell Lee, "I think you've made the greatest mistake of your life." NARRATOR:  Two days after he resigned  from the United States Army, Robert E. Lee answered a summons  to Richmond, Virginia, soon to be the capital  of the new Confederacy. He listened as leaders  of the secession convention sang new praises of his  long-disfavored father, Light-Horse Harry Lee; compared Robert E. Lee himself  to George Washington, hero general of the other  American Revolution; and offered Lee command of  the forces defending Virginia from the federal tyrant. After 30 years  of dutiful service in the United States Army, a path toward  a monumental destiny had finally opened itself  to Robert E. Lee. He would be the military leader of a country fighting  for independence, a general leading an army  in righteous cause against overwhelming odds. If Lee triumphed, he knew, his name would live  through the ages. From the moment he signed on, Robert E. Lee was acknowledged  as the military savior of the South. That he had no actual experience commanding large bodies  of soldiers seemed beside the point. "No man is more worthy to head  our forces and lead our army," wrote one Richmond newspaper. "His reputation,  his acknowledged ability, "his honor, his Christian life  and conduct make his very name  a tower of strength." The first year of the war  brought Lee little but misery. One of his sisters declared  for Union and never spoke to him again. All three of Lee's sons  left home to join the Confederate Army. And two weeks after  Lee's resignation, Union soldiers occupied  Arlington and chased Lee's wife and  daughters from their estate. Mary Lee was bereft. "I have lost a place dearer to me than my life," she wrote, "the home of every memory  of that life "whether of joy or sorrow, birthplace of my children,  where I was wedded." Two months later,  in his first field command, Lee was undone by an untrained  officer corps, green soldiers and bad weather. Lee's army got stuck in the mud  of western Virginia, then retreated without landing  a single blow on the invading Union Army. PRYOR:  At the beginning of the war,  1861, he has black hair. And six months later he looks like an entirely changed person with the white beard,  white hair. His family can't believe it. They look at pictures of him  they see published and they don't think  it's the same person. NARRATOR:  Southern legislators  wondered aloud if their celebrated general  was too soft to attack, too content to dig in  and play defense. And word got back to him  that men in his own army had taken to calling him  "Granny Lee." In the spring of 1862, the South's "tower of strength"  was stewing in Richmond; President Jefferson Davis  had relieved Lee of his field command and made him his personal  military advisor. As a general without an army,  Lee had to stand by and watch as the Confederacy lost  Nashville and New Orleans, Fort Henry, Fort Donelson  and Shiloh. And he had to watch as  the Union general-in-chief-- the dashing 34-year-old  George McClellan-- led his Army of the Potomac, the largest single fighting  force in American history, up the Virginia peninsula toward the jewel  of the Confederate nation, its capital city: Richmond. JORDAN:  McClellan moved  a hundred thousand men to the outskirts of Richmond. Some of McClellan's forces  got so close to Richmond they could hear the church bells  pealing. They could see the chimneys  of Richmond. There were plans made  to evacuate. Jefferson Davis sent his family  off to safety. The Confederate archives  and papers and things were packed up to be  shipped away. They thought that this was going  to be the end. GALLAGHER:  The loss of Richmond would have been the death-blow  of the Confederacy because so much had gone wrong  in so many other places. There would have been nothing for the Confederate people to cling to in a positive sense if Richmond had fallen to  McClellan's advancing army. (bells ringing) NARRATOR: Richmond awoke to more bad news  on June 2, 1862. The commander of the army  defending the city, General Joseph Johnston,  had been shot off his horse. He was done for a while. With nowhere else to turn, President Davis handed the reins of the army of Northern Virginia to Robert E. Lee. The soldiers did not rejoice. Memories of Lee's timidity  in his previous field command were still fresh. CARMICHAEL: Those reservations and concerns  in the eyes of many were confirmed  by his first order to have the troops dig in  around Richmond. The Richmond papers were  particularly savage. They claimed that this was the West Point way of doing war, that you exchange muskets  for shovels. PRYOR:  One of the Georgians who was  under the command called him "The Failure"  in capital letters. "They have given us The Failure "and how do they expect us  to perform with The Failure"-- in capital  letters-- "in charge of us?" NARRATOR:  Lee himself was unfazed  by the carping in the ranks. He had never lacked  for confidence. And from the moment he took  command outside Richmond, Lee was thinking attack. He knew his army could not win  a long war of attrition. His best hope of winning victory  for the Confederacy was a speedy knockout  of McClellan's army. JORDAN:  Lee had this idea that one  or two battles would solve everything. So while Lee wasn't happy about McClellan approaching Richmond, he looked upon it  as an opportunity to destroy  the Army of the Potomac. CARMICHAEL:  What Lee saw on the map was that the Chickahominy River  divided McClellan's army into two parts. That the right flank  of the Union Army was hanging in the air, cut off from the bulk  of the Union forces. And so Lee decided to pounce  on that isolated right wing of the Union Army above  the Chickahominy River. He envisioned  a grand turning maneuver that would not only drive the  Union Army away from Richmond but that it would also destroy  the Union Army. NARRATOR: Lee was willing to risk disaster to pull off  his flanking maneuver. His attack would leave  a minuscule force to defend the city of Richmond; if McClellan counter-attacked  and drove toward the capital while Lee's attack was underway,  Richmond would surely fall. The entire Confederacy would  likely go down with it. Newspaper correspondents, photographers and field artists had flocked to the outskirts  of Richmond to record the fall of the South, and Robert E. Lee  gave them a show. (gunfire, shouting) When Lee attacked,  McClellan panicked and began pulling his army toward the cover of his gunboats on the James River, more than  20 miles from Richmond. Lee drove his soldiers  to the chase, possessed by a vision  of McClellan's army destroyed. For six days,  he narrowly missed chances to bag the retreating  enemy troops. And Lee knew his opportunities  were running out on the seventh day when the two armies re-engaged  at a place near the James called Malvern Hill. GLATTHAAR: Lee was really desperate to get  at the Union this last day. Malvern Hill had three slopes  wide open with fields under cultivation. And so the Union troops  were on the top with artillery positioned there. Lee's artillery was stuck  to the rear; it didn't get forward in time. The Union was able to  concentrate on the guns that did arrive. And then one of Lee's subordinates nonetheless ordered a frontal attack. WINSTON GROOM:  Lee made an ill-advised attack on a very powerful  Union position, which was his bête noire  all through the war. These, these attacks  on fortified positions never worked out very well  for him. GLATTHAAR:  It was just a wave  of Confederate troops assaulting up through fields  and just getting slaughtered. GALLAGHER:  Lee is the bloodiest general  in United States history if you're gauging that by what percentage  of his soldiers get shot. And the Seven Days showed that  for the first time. His army suffered 20,000  casualties in the Seven Days; the United States Army 16,000  in the same campaign. GLATTHAAR:  The soldiers saw  the massive destruction, saw the huge loss of life. But they also saw the results. And Lee had knocked the Union  Army back 20 miles. This is the kind of generalship  they wanted. Here is somebody who would  really go after the Federals. That's what they had wanted,  that's what they got. NARRATOR:  "General Lee is rapidly  regaining the confidence of the army,"  wrote a fellow officer. "You cannot imagine how  gratifying is the feeling to soldiers to know that their chief is competent." In the weeks after Seven Days, Lee made the Army  of Northern Virginia his army, instilling discipline and order. He replaced dozens of officers  who had not measured up to his exacting standard, and consolidated power  in the few commanders he'd come to trust. And above all,  he trusted himself. Robert E. Lee was one of a handful of Civil War generals who had the imagination  to conceive a grand military strategy, the focus to plan a large campaign to the smallest detail and the energy to drive it. And he was already bringing  to bear all those talents, planning his next move-- a move designed to force  President Lincoln to consider the wisdom  of a negotiated peace. GALLAGHER:  Lee knew that the key to which side would win the war lay with the civilian  populations. Whichever civilian  population decided it wasn't worth it first,  that's the end of the war. And he believed there was  no better way to depress United States morale  than to take his army on the offensive and defeat  major United States forces. GLATTHAAR:  What he wanted to do was give  the Northern public a taste of war. He wanted them to experience it,  to know what it was like to have an invading army pass  through their neighborhoods. He wanted them to suffer the  humiliation of being occupied temporarily by an enemy army. NARRATOR:  In mid-summer 1862,  with his army in order, Lee struck north. Weeks of skirmishing  came to a crescendo at the Battle  of Second Manassas, where Lee's army sent Union  troops reeling back toward the fortifications  of Washington. A week later, the Army of Northern Virginia  crossed the Potomac River into Union territory  for the first time. LEE (dramatized):  Soldiers, press onward and our sister states will soon  be released from tyranny, and our independence  be established on a sure and abiding basis. CARMICHAEL:  The Army of Northern Virginia is an army that has really sort  of a split personality. One personality is this  extraordinary confidence in their leader,  extraordinary high morale, a belief that they can't  be conquered. But at the same time it is an  army that was being worn down. Lee was pushing  these men beyond, beyond the logistical capacity  of that army. NARRATOR:  By the middle of September, after weeks of long, hot marches  on short rations, Lee's army was divided  and badly damaged. A third of his men were gone--  killed, wounded, captured or simply scared off. "When I say  that they were hungry," a Maryland citizen wrote  of Lee's soldiers, "I convey no impression  of the gaunt starvation "that looked from  their cavernous eyes. That they would march or fight  at all seemed incredible." And yet, when he got reports of  McClellan's much larger force readying an attack at  Sharpsburg, Maryland, near Antietam Creek,  Lee refused to retreat. And he stood with  his ragged, undermanned force, personification of what one  observer later called "antique heroism." (gunfire, soldiers shouting) GROOM:  At Antietam, Sharpsburg, when McClellan made  his big assault, it's hard to imagine the amount of dangerous material that's flying around  at any given time. And these guns could put up 50,000 or 100,000 bullets in  the air at any given moment. People were getting hit  and killed all the time and artillery is exploding, and people screaming  and hollering. GALLAGHER:  Lee literally moved back  and forth along the lines. He came under fire  more than once. He clearly understood that his army was  in a desperate position. But outwardly he was  absolutely calm in very difficult circumstances. And I think that was part  of his self-control; that was part of his belief that you needed to demonstrate  the kind of behavior that you wanted your soldiers and your subordinates  to exhibit. He parries very well. It's almost like a fencing match  that he's able to, um, ward off every blow  that the Union gives them, which are some pretty  substantial blows, by somehow patching together  the right number of people, getting them  into the right place. NARRATOR:  Across a four-mile front, through the "savage continual  thunder" of artillery, through wave after wave  of attack, while ammunition ran short  and men scattered and Lee scrambled reinforcements  into the line, the Army of Northern Virginia  stood its ground for 14 hours. When nightfall finally brought  to a halt the bloodiest single day of  combat in American history, Lee's army was on the brink  of destruction. Almost 14,000 of his men  had been captured, wounded or killed. And McClellan had fresh troops  to throw at the battle the next day. But as a new dawn rose  over those killing fields, the Army of Northern Virginia  remained. And General Lee kept his men  there throughout that day, daring McClellan  to try them again, shoving the carnage  under McClellan's nose. THOMAS:  Lee himself, I think, had  his fighting blood up and believed that he could  withstand more attacks. I also think he wanted to make  his army know that they were tougher  than their enemies. NARRATOR:  McClellan shied again,  and the following day, Lee grudgingly began to pull his army back home to Virginia. But the Confederate commander  had brought the war home to the North. A Union soldier  from Connecticut, surveying the bloated  and blackening corpses near Sharpsburg,  wrote to his family: "Think now of the horrors  of such a scene "as lies all around us. "There were hundreds of horses, too, all mangled and putrefying, "scattered everywhere... "the farmhouses and barns  knocked to pieces "and burned down, "the crops trampled and wasted, the whole country forlorn  and desolate." Lee's campaign had struck a blow  at Northern morale, but he hadn't anticipated  the grit of the Union leader. In the days after the battle, Abraham Lincoln chastised,  then fired George McClellan, declared Antietam a victory  for Union, and then issued  the Emancipation Proclamation, which freed the slaves  in every state in rebellion. GROOM:  That was, in effect,  throwing down yet another gauntlet  to the South, because after that, a negotiated settlement would be  a practical impossibility. GALLAGHER:  The Emancipation Proclamation  changed the terms of the whole war in Lee's view. It was a war where everything  was at stake now in the Confederacy--  the entire social fabric, not just whether  or not you'd have a new slave-holding republic, but whether  or not you would have the slave-based social system  that had been present for more than 200 years. NARRATOR:  "What we have hitherto seen,"  wrote the Richmond Examiner, "is but the prelude of the war  which will now begin." Lee's prophecy of a long and  bloody fight had come to pass. After two full years and scores  of thousands of lives lost, the war was a stalemate. Neither side had gained  much ground. In March 1863, the opposing  armies were settled in on either side  of the Rappahannock River, near Fredericksburg, Virginia,  awaiting the spring thaw. For nearly four months,  General Lee had been living in a canvas tent,  in an island of mud. "The general was never  so comfortable," wrote a staff aide, "as when he was uncomfortable." But the quiet wore on Lee  and shortened his temper. His staff officers had learned  to read the signs. When they saw the general's neck  and head twitch-- "snapping at his ear,"  one aide called it-- they knew he was about to kick. GLATTHAAR:  Lee was notorious for  a very difficult temper. He exploded on staff officers. He could be nasty. And he yelled at A.P. Hill  on several occasions, actually humiliated him  in front of others. PRYOR:  He's not particularly easy  to work with. He sometimes blames his staff for things that he has done  wrong, mistakes he has made, and then he can't apologize;  he has trouble apologizing. At one point he wrote  to his daughter Agnes and said that, you know, "The young soldiers don't really  enjoy the company of the old general." And he said, you know,  "Actually I'm so cross that I'm not worth  being around anymore anyway." NARRATOR:  Lee would not permit himself the luxury of friendship  and society that winter. No one heard him complain  about the loss of Arlington or the unexpected deaths of  his only two grandchildren, a two-year-old boy and an infant  girl he'd never seen. And when Lee received news that his daughter Annie  had died of scarlet fever, he mourned her alone. LEE (dramatized):  My dearest Mary... Old age and sorrow  is wearing me away. I feel oppressed  by what I have to undergo for the first time in my life. In the quiet hours of the night, when there is nothing  to lighten my grief, I feel as if I should be  overwhelmed. GLATTHAAR: The amount of paperwork that was  flowing into his headquarters was absolutely staggering. He was blitzed with paperwork and he was trying to plan  for the spring campaign. All the while,  he was feeling terribly. The evidence seems to indicate that Lee suffered  a massive heart attack. THOMAS:  He did begin this physical  decline, really, in the spring of 1863. And most people don't realize it  because Lee denied it himself, to himself, and tried  to rise above it and not act the invalid, which at that time  he certainly was. NARRATOR:  In the last days of April, as Lee struggled to regain  his physical strength, the Union Army, under a new commander,  General Joseph Hooker, made the sort of bold  and precise flanking move Lee had dreamed of  for his own army. CARMICHAEL:  Hooker, in dividing his army, put Lee in a vice essentially. There were Union forces  that were at Fredericksburg and then the bulk of the Union  army was advancing from the west  toward Lee's forces. One would expect that Lee would  have retreated to the south, closer to Richmond. And that would seem to have been  really the only option. NARRATOR:  Even ailing and outmaneuvered, Robert E. Lee was not  about to turn and run. Instead, he countered with his most daring  and dangerous move to date. He sent half his army, led by his most aggressive  commander, Stonewall Jackson, on a 14-mile stealth march to attack Hooker's right flank. If the attack failed, the Army of Northern Virginia  would likely be destroyed. (artillery fire, bugle call) Jackson's attack caused a panic  in the Union line, and for the next two days, Lee's  divided army fought its way through Hooker's men. GALLAGHER:  The climactic fighting at Chancellorsville came on May 3. It was a hugely costly day, more than 8,000  Confederate casualties. But at the end  of the morning's fighting, the two wings of Lee's army  came together in one of the few clearings in this heavily wooded  part of Virginia. And as the army's wings  came together, Lee rode into an amazing scene. CARMICHAEL: They were of course driving the Union army away from the field. And there was Robert E. Lee  amongst his victorious troops, the Chancellor House in flames, and those men  cheering on their general. THOMAS:  One of his staff officers says  it was from a scene like this that in the olden days men rose  to the dignity of gods. And this was probably  Lee's finest hour. And he knew it. GALLAGHER:  It's the moment at which the bond  between Lee and his soldiers was absolutely sealed. His men came to believe that they could achieve anything  as long as he was in command. And I think he believed that with his soldiers  he could do almost anything. LEE (dramatized):  There never were such men  in any army before, and there never can be better  in any army again. If properly led,  they will go anywhere and never falter  at the work before them. NARRATOR:  Lee knew Northern morale  was badly shaken by the stunning Confederate  victory at Chancellorsville. Now was the time, he reckoned, to drive a stake through  the heart of the Union cause. This army of his, these men,  could do it. Lee got his chance in the first  days of July 1863, when the opposing armies  stumbled onto each other near the Pennsylvania town  of Gettysburg. For two full days of long light,  Lee pushed his men to break the lines  of the Army of the Potomac, and they came  tantalizingly close to taking the well-entrenched  Union positions. On the third day,  Lee decided to go for broke. (artillery fire) He ordered a barrage  of artillery to soften up Union positions  on Cemetery Ridge, where General Pickett's  infantry division would spearhead a full-force, every-man-on-the-line,  frontal assault. When subordinate commanders  warned that their enemy's defenses  were too strong and their own men too fatigued,  Lee waved them off. GROOM:  I believe that he had  every confidence that those men  that he sent up there with General Pickett  on that final day were going to split  that Union Army in two and get them off that hill and send them flying  back to Washington. He was wrong. GORDON:  Lee was stunned. He was shocked to see  the results. The reinforcements that were  supposed to come in didn't happen. Men got lost, men panicked. He's devastated by this--  devastated by it-- watching this moment unfold  before his eyes. NARRATOR:  Lee saw more than half  his infantry fall that day. Pickett alone lost two-thirds  of his division. Lee did manage to avert  fatal destruction. But the army he'd created and loved so well  and trusted so deeply was wrecked. That night, when battle  finally ceased, an aide caught a glimpse  of Lee in the moonlight, revealing  an "expression of sadness I had never before seen  upon his face." LEE (dramatized):  Soldiers! We have sinned  against Almighty God. We have cultivated a revengeful,  haughty and boastful spirit. We have not remembered that  the defenders of a just cause should be pure in His eyes. Let us humble ourselves  before Him. Let us confess our many sins and beseech Him to give us  a higher courage, a purer patriotism,  and more determined will. GALLAGHER:  He really did believe that  God was ordering things. And if difficult things happen, that meant you had  to just try harder. You had to deal with them  and move on. You couldn't wallow  in self-pity. FELLMAN:  Even though there  are fewer of us, and even though things  are desperate, if we are internally  true servants of God and have cleansed ourselves  of our pride, God will shine his light on us and we will win  despite the odds. And so he did believe that  they could stand at the pass, and if they're brave enough and strong enough they can yet win. NARRATOR:  The forces against Lee's cause  had grown stronger, the cost of the war more dear. One of Lee's sons  was a prisoner of war; his daughter-in-law  was on her deathbed; and his wife and daughters  were camped out at a rented house in Richmond. And Robert E. Lee was  more committed than ever to the dream of winning  independence for a slave-holding  Confederate nation. But that meant he would have  to rally his people to meet his standards. There was no room for doubt,  for fear, for anything less than absolute devotion  to the Confederate cause. FELLMAN:  There are some incredible  letters to his daughters during the war, saying,  "Stop having so much fun, "stop going to parties, "behave yourself, sew more socks  for the soldiers, "discipline yourself. "This is a trial for us all "and we're set here  to fight this trial with every ounce of our being." GALLAGHER:  Lee was not sympathetic to soldiers who didn't do their  duty from his perspective-- deserters, shirkers. Lee's response to desertion was often, "We need  to hang some people." So what we have  in September of 1863 is not just a spike  in desertion, but a spike in execution. There's nearly 40 men who  are killed in Lee's army while in Virginia  in September of 1863. He recognized that the  cohesiveness of his army, its military efficiency, depended upon him making those  kinds of tough decisions. And he was willing to live with  the moral consequences of it. GALLAGHER:  Executions were elaborately  choreographed for maximum effect. Large numbers of men  would be drawn up in a three-sided formation, the accused put at the open end. The coffin would be there. The grave would be there. The man would be executed, and then sometimes  several thousand soldiers would be marched past the corpse before the whole event was over. These were meant  to send a message. NARRATOR: First reports of troop movements started coming  into Lee's headquarters just after midnight,  May 4, 1864. The Army of the Potomac, now nearly twice the size  of Lee's own, was thundering across  two pontoon bridges to the south shore  of the Rapidan River near Fredericksburg, Virginia, disappearing into the dark  tangle of woods where Lee's men had dug in. The president of the United  States had drawn a bull's-eye on Robert E. Lee and his army and pointed it out  to his new general-in-chief, the hero of the war in the West. GALLAGHER:  Ulysses S. Grant's taking  the field in Virginia in the spring of 1864 absolutely underscores  how important Lee and the Army of Northern  Virginia were. Grant could have run  the war from anywhere. His friend Sherman said, "For God's sake,  don't go to the East. "Congress is in the East. "Newspapers are in the East. Run the war from the West  with the telegraph." But Grant knew he had to go east because the people  of the United States demanded that their great soldier, Grant,  go head-to-head with Lee. Lee and the Army of Northern  Virginia were not intimidated by the arrival of U.S. Grant. Their attitude was, "Grant's  done great things in the West. "He hasn't faced us  or R.E. Lee in the West. "And now he's going to find out  what it's like to be up against  the first string." GROOM:  The Southerners believed that they were going to win somehow. They believed God  was on their side. So did the North. And I don't know,  I don't think God could be on both, everybody's side,  but that's what they thought. They all thought that. (gunfire, men shouting) NARRATOR:  Grant commenced his attack at first light, the 5th of May. And for three days in that  mottled jack-oak forest, with wildfires devouring  the wounded and soldiers engaged in  desperate hand-to-hand combat, Lee's men held off  Grant's larger force, then shoved it back. It appeared that Grant, like McClellan and Hooker before him, was going to be forcibly ejected  from Virginia by Lee's army. JORDAN:  The Union troops,  the Army of the Potomac, was a bit dispirited, because  you take on Lee, you lose. And they actually said  to themselves, you know, "Licked again." And Grant had ordered a retreat  for the moment. And as they were retreating, they came to this fork  in the road, and Grant and his staff were  on horseback sitting there. Now, if they were told to go  to the left, the soldiers knew they were  retreating and heading back to the safety  of Washington, D.C. But if they went to the right, they were going to be circling, continuing on to probably  take on Lee again. So as the soldiers approached,  Grant's sitting on horseback, his cigar's in his mouth, and he very silently  just points to the right. Grant was not retreating. GROOM:  Grant hung on like a pit bull. And everywhere Lee went,  he followed him. He chased him all over Virginia. The Overland Campaign between  May and mid-June 1864 was a complete break  with what had come before during the Civil War. Before, there had been a battle and then a long period  before another one. But when Lee and Grant hooked  up, there are gigantic battles one after another,  with virtually no respite. NARRATOR:  Lincoln had finally found  a commander who was willing to apply the terrifying mathematical reality: the North simply had more men  to throw on the pile. And as Grant pressed  his advantage, the Army of Northern  Virginia bled. Three of Lee's corps commanders were knocked out of the battle. His trusted cavalry commander,  Jeb Stuart, was killed. CARMICHAEL:  Lee had to, on a number  of occasions, assert himself in the field,  expose himself to enemy fire, because of the fact that he could not either trust  certain commanders or he had lost men in the field. And so taking on those increased  demands and those burdens in the field, they took  a tremendous physical and emotional toll on him. He got very little sleep--  one of his staff officers said not more than two hours of sleep  per night in a row. Lee was past his mid-50s. This was a very  difficult period for him, and the one time  that we know for certain that he broke down physically came at the North Anna  in late May when he literally  was confined to his cot and could not take the field, even though there was an opening to deal a significant blow  against Grant's army. NARRATOR:  As Lee languished, officers  closest to him wondered if their commander  was finally spent. His heart trouble had  never really abated. He'd talked at various times  about taking himself out of the battle, and now it appeared to some  he'd be compelled to do so. Instead, Lee hauled himself  out of his army cot and back to the campaign. GALLAGHER:  He was doing everything  he'd done before and more. He was absolutely unsparing  of himself in that regard, held himself  to a very high standard. And he expected no less from  everyone who served under him. CARMICHAEL:  Lee could never see  in other people weakness. He saw in himself this amazing  ability to sacrifice physically  as well as emotionally, to go at great lengths  to fulfill his obligations to the Confederacy and he expected, demanded,  that everyone below him, all the way down to the private, no matter how difficult  their hardships might be, that they also do their duty. NARRATOR: Lee stood toe-to-toe with Grant  for six bloody weeks. When the Overland Campaign  ground to a halt at the end of June, 100,000 men  had been killed or maimed. The wastage backed up  into both capitals. Washington's hospitals  overflowed; its cemeteries were full. U.S. Quartermaster Montgomery  C. Meigs got permission from Abraham Lincoln to turn  Lee's home, Arlington, into a military burial ground. And he made sure  some of the first graves were right next to the house,  in Mary Lee's flower garden. PRYOR:  Meigs felt that Lee  should have to look at this. Should he ever be able  to come home again, he would have to look at what  he had been responsible for. He would have to look  at these graves and see the carnage  that he had created. NARRATOR:  By the fall of 1864, Grant had shoved Lee's Army  of Northern Virginia back into its holes,  into muddy defensive trenches outside Petersburg, Virginia. The last, best hope for  the Confederacy was politics: the presidential election  of 1864. But that hope died when Abraham Lincoln defeated  the Peace Party candidate, George McClellan. GROOM:  I think Lee knew  that the cause was lost. He knew when you're besieged,  you're besieged. There wasn't any...  there was no way out. THOMAS:  I think Lee persisted in the belief that he was  a professional. He was a soldier. His duty was to fight. NARRATOR:  The hurt for Lee was watching  the demise of his army. He had birthed and nurtured it, had made it an extension  of his own person, and now he had to watch it  suffer in the muddy trench. GROOM:  It was an ongoing tragedy the last day of the... well,  the last week of the war. I mean, he saw his army falling  apart in front of him and there was nothing  he could do about it. He knew that basically  the game was up. The choices were getting  fewer by the hour. NARRATOR:  In early April 1865, Grant began inviting Lee  to give up the fight, and Lee finally relented. "I suppose there is nothing  for me to do but go and see General Grant,"  he told an aide. "And I would rather die  a thousand deaths." THOMAS:  Lee went off by himself  in an orchard. His staff tried to keep people  away from him because he had to come  to terms, really, with the death of his army. This was what he had  given his life to and he realized, I'm sure, that he would never do anything  so important again. And he'd failed. And, uh, it was over. NARRATOR:  In a meeting with Grant at a private home in Appomattox,  Virginia, in April 1865, Lee agreed to surrender  his Army of Northern Virginia on Grant's terms. Lee was obliged to beg Grant  for food for his defeated men, but he refused to betray  a scintilla of emotion to his conqueror. "Whatever his feelings,"  Grant later wrote, "they were entirely concealed  from my observation." As Lee strode out onto the porch  following the meeting, one of his staff officers saw the familiar twitch and flush  at the general's neck, heard Lee's voice break  as he called for his horse. GLATTHAAR:  And then he returned back  to his headquarters tent. As he went by,  Porter Alexander had arranged for soldiers to be standing  alongside the road to salute their commander. Then Lee, in conjunction  with Charles Marshall, drafted General Order  Number Nine in which he announced the  surrender to the troops. LEE (dramatized):  After four years  of arduous service marked by unsurpassed courage  and fortitude, the Army of Northern Virginia  has been compelled to yield to overwhelming numbers  and resources. FELLMAN:  He's saying it wasn't our inward fortitude that lost, it wasn't that our cause  wasn't just. They had more guns  and they had more men and they crushed us with  superior material force. And that implies we still have  superior moral force. The cause for which we fought  is as noble as it always was. PRYOR: Lee is saying to himself, "Yes, it was still worth the effort." He had given it his all and  never shirked from doing that, and that that was meritorious  in itself. LEE (dramatized):  You will take with you the  satisfaction that proceeds from the consciousness of duty  faithfully performed and I earnestly pray that a merciful God will extend to you His blessing and protection. I, Robert Edward Lee, do solemnly swear, in the  presence of Almighty God, that I will henceforth  faithfully support, protect and defend the Constitution  of the United States, and the Union of the States  thereunder, and that I will, in like manner, abide by and  faithfully support all laws and proclamations which have  been made during the existing rebellion with reference to the  emancipation of slaves, so help me God. NARRATOR:  In April of 1865, a defeated  Robert E. Lee returned to his wife and family at their rented home on Franklin Street in Richmond. Only the charity of President  Lincoln and General Grant saved him from being hanged  as a traitor. For the next five years,  Lee hid himself away at the presidency  of a small college in the mountains  of western Virginia. When he felt able, Lee took solitary rides  on his horse, Traveller, confiding to his  old war-time companion. "I feel sure of his discretion,"  he wrote to a friend. GALLAGHER:  He was extremely unhappy with much of the political  landscape in the wake of the war. But he kept that to himself. He believed that  if you lose a war, you do what  the winner says to do. And I think that's what he tried  to do after the Civil War in a public sense. In a public sense, it was all about reunion  and reconciliation. In a private sense,  a very different story. CARMICHAEL:  Lee, to the day he died, believed that the wrong side  had won this war, and that was something that he  could not explain away easily. And so the faith that he had that there was a God who would,  in fact, favor his people and that God was just  and righteous... R.E. Lee had a very difficult  time reconciling that belief to what he had seen  on the battlefront and what he saw  after Appomattox. He saw a landscape now peopled  with individuals that he couldn't recognize. These are not slaves anymore,  they're free black people and they're asserting  their political rights. There are poor white people who  are demanding to be treated with the same respect that a  slave-holder was treated with. So Lee comes into that  postwar period bewildered. NARRATOR:  Robert E. Lee had  little inclination to work through what his life  and his war had meant... and even less time. In October of 1870, just five and a half years  after his surrender, Lee suffered a massive stroke  and died a few days later, at home in Virginia,  surrounded by his family. In death as in life, Robert  E. Lee divided the nation. The former slave  Frederick Douglass spoke for those who were offended by the "nauseating flatteries  of Robert E. Lee." "It would seem "that the soldier who kills  the most men in battle, "even in a bad cause,  is the greatest Christian and entitled to the highest  place in heaven." Southern partisans deified  their now-fallen commander, placing his memory at the head of a grand and noble Lost Cause. The glory that eluded Lee  in life attached itself to him in death,  turning him, literally, into a bronzed god,  a marble man. FELLMAN:  The minute he dies, at the first memorial services, both General Early, who was  really the political leader of this Lost Cause movement, and Jefferson Davis  gave eulogies. And they said, more than being a great general and a great man, he was a pure Christian and his soul was  clear and clean. It was as if they are saying  he was a saint. So he can stand in  for all that's best in us and we can strive  the way he strove and reach this place of  a Christian white commonwealth where all is pure. NARRATOR:  For the next quarter century, admirers of the Confederate  cause funded and erected monuments to Robert E. Lee  by the scores. And for a full century after his death, the memory of General Lee was rigorously burnished,  and not just by Southerners. President Theodore Roosevelt  called Lee, "the very greatest  of all the great captains that the English-speaking  peoples have brought forth." "We recognize Robert E. Lee as one of our greatest  American Christians," said President  Franklin Delano Roosevelt, "and one of our greatest  American gentlemen." Lee himself had had to face the hard and unidealized truth. He looked around  at the end of his life and what he saw was misery. His soaring ambition, his superhuman physical stamina and his unbending resolve had been devastating  to those closest to him. Virginia had been driven to its  knees, his family estate lost, his sons financially  beleaguered, his daughters homebound  and unhappy. None would marry, partly because a generation  of well-bred Southern males had died in their father's army. GORDON:  This is a man who had  pretty much devoted his whole adult life to being  a professional soldier. And really the biggest trial  and test of his career was the Civil War, which meant turning on his former comrades, his nation, which of course his own father had helped to create. And he failed. PRYOR:  He told one of his colleagues  at Washington College that he thought the great  mistake of his life, the great mistake of his life was having taken  a military education. And I think it's rather tragic  if he truly believed that, because it's almost like showing  a sense of disappointment in his whole life, that the whole trajectory  of his life from the time that he first went  to West Point had come out to be something  that he viewed as being a mistake, a failure,  something he regretted. American Experience "Robert E.  Lee" is available on DVD. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 