Intruders: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Intruders 
 s1e6 - Bound - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Intruders (2014): Season 1, Episode 6 - Bound - full transcript 
 Rose confronts Jack to explain the cause of Amy's recent strange behavior. Amy's past - which she has worked so hard to suppress and deny - has come back to haunt her and the only way to ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 FRANK: Rose asked me to do something for her, off the books. She asked me to find someone. Amy, Bobbi says it's your birthday. This birthday I could do without. My life didn't even begin until I was your age. I thought I lived here. Well, I'm sorry, I live here. - Madison! - Mom, please help me! Please come and get me! ALLISON: Madison, where are you? Donna's suicide note. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "In the beginning, there was death." - Can I have a hug? -Knock it off, Marcus. (TIRES SQUEALING) GARY: I don't know how they all fit together, but I know they're tied up with the Psycomancy Trust. Todd Crane, Marcus Fox, Rose Gilcrest. Rose Gilcrest? What do you know about her? She sent someone to have me killed. I got this room so I could watch them. Right across the hall. Wait, she's here? She's here now? If your pitch is to her, don't waste our time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Amy has gone to sleep. This is about you, Rose. Are you here to tell me that Frank is dead? He was shot and killed off Pier 9. The Shepherds are looking for the killer. Frank told me about the side project you had him working on. I'm hereto say, I'm willing to continue where he left off. Why? - We have a past, you and I. -No. Your past was with Amy. Not with me. With Cranfield gone to the adjourn, you're in a position of power. It would be smart of me to make amends for taking so long to trigger you. That's not why you're here. You're here because you know what it feels like to lose someone. Just let me know how you want the job to be done. The job... Is strictly prohibited by Reverti. If discovered, we will be killed and kept from returning, ever. Bringing someone back who is not Reverti? From your past life? You're about to become a member of the Nine. Too visible. Questions will be asked. You need me to do this for you. Just let me know who it is that you want me to find. Ripped By mstoll Happy New Year 2015 - New Year, New Color ;-) (AMY SIGHS) Frank was very close to locating him. Once I confirm it's him, we'll need the trigger. I know where it is. (DOOR CLOSES) (LIGHTER CLICKS OPEN) (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) (THUNDER RUMBLING) (CALL CONNECTING) - AMY: Hello. - JACK: Hi. I miss you. I miss us. AMY: Where are you? Gary Fischer's hotel in the city. Where are you? Home. Working on the couch. Come home. Let's be together. I'm on my way. I'll be waiting for you. (DOOR OPENS) (MAN PANTING) (MAN SPEAKING SPANISH) (GASPS) AMY: Jack, help me! Help me, Jack! (AMY WHIMPERING) Help! (AMY SOBBING) Help! Help! (AMY GROANS) (JACK BREATHES HEAVILY) (SIGHS) (BEEPING) (CLICKS) (CLANKING) (JACK BREATHES HEAVILY) (MAN SPEAKING SPANISH) (SPEAKS SPANISH) (LOCK RATTLES) (DOOR CREAKS OPEN) Stop! I have a gun. It's aimed at your head. I will shoot you. Jack? It's Brud and Bobbi. You gave us a key. We just came over to check on the place. We heard someone inside. BOBBI: It must've been you. Can you put the gun away? BRUD: I get nervous around guns. Why do you even have that thing out? I thought I saw somebody outside. All three of us saw someone. Maybe we should call the sheriff. No, no, no. I saw you, you saw me. I'm sure that's it. BOBBI: Are you okay, Jack? Something seems to be bothering you. Are you in trouble again? No, I'm fine. Thanks. I'm sorry, sir, but we're closed. (SPEAKS CANTONESE) How can I say no? (CHUCKLES) (SIGHS) - Evening. - Peter Nui? - I'm sorry, have we met? - No. I'm Richard Shepherd. My friend Frank has told me some interesting things about you. He must've been talking about the Shrimp Shaomai. I'm not that interesting. Well, thanks. (STAMMERS) Everything's okay. You can go back home now. Did you hear what I said? Yes. The thing is, Jack... You haven't been hearing her. BOBBI: She's moved on. You should too. What? How do you... Did Amy talk to you about us? What's going on? What the hell is this? BOBBI: She likes you. Appreciates you took care of Amy. You're lucky. Most people we meet like this wouldn't be offered this opportunity. They'd be shepherded away somewhere, wouldn't even know it. BRUD: You're leaving here tonight, Jack. Right now, if you want, with nothing, or you can grab some things. But you are leaving. (JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING) (CLICKS TONGUE) I'm so sorry, it's my ringtone. It's too loud. So rude. (MUSIC STOPS) You all right, Peter? Yes. I just had... A sense of deja vu? We've all had it. Although, it has been linked to temporal lobe epilepsy, usually at the onset of a seizure. You sure you're okay? Some say it's because we've all lived before, and we're just experiencing a moment over from a past life. That's what it means, you know, "Deja vu," "already seen." Have you already seen or heard something, just now? No. "A secret admirer will soon be revealed." Hmm. (CALL CONNECTING) It's him. How does he look? Does he seem okay? RICHARD: Only you two can answer that. Thank you, Richard. I'll be there soon. (COINS JINGLE) JACK: Who are you? BRUD: You don't need to know. - Are you really married? -We're married. Because I really admired you, your friendship, your marriage... (BRUD GROANS) But you are such shitty neighbours. Who are you? (LIGHTER CLICKS OPEN) AMY: Go home. I came here to tell you personally, so that you would understand that Amy is gone. And that when I leave here, the life that you had with Amy... The life you knew, is over. (DOOR CLOSES) Smoking isn't a risk if death is just the beginning? These books, what is this? If you've gone through my office, you must've seen the divorce papers. You're not going to ask me about those? No, because this shit, these people, are to blame for the divorce papers, not us. Tell me what this is. All right. This one's in Russian. Oh, the cab driver overheard you say you used to live there. And this, what's this? This is... What's this, Hebrew? (CHUCKLES) This building. I know you're a trustee. Bound corpses? This is sick, Amy. I'm not Amy. Amy's almost completely gone. Far down inside, asleep. You accept that, and everything will fall into place. Jack, you need to let Amy go. Why are you referring to yourself in the third person? Because Amy is the third person. I am Rose. Well, I hate Rose. Rose tried to have me killed. Who's the killer, Jack? AMY: I'm done with this. Looking for these? Give me those. What is this shit? (SLAMMING TABLE) Answer me! My lives. Your lives? This is a pen. It's a symbol... Of a person I was and can be again. They trigger me back. I wrote all of my poems, my letters, everything, with this pen, during my time in Vecheka. (AMY SPEAKING RUSSIAN) (SPEAKING ITALIAN) This rock... ls a piece of the ruins in Delhi after the mutiny against the British in 1858. I was executed shortly after my surrender. JACK: This. (TAPPING) What is this nail polish? You never wore nail polish. But you do now. AMY: Bix liked it. My parents were very strict, they didn't like me to wear make-up, they hated that jazz musician... But I didn't care. Bix loved it. So, that nail polish is me, Rose. I don't believe in Rose. Do you think it might be me? My strength? My sex? Maybe you love Rose? I don't believe in this ridiculous shit, and I don't believe in Rose! Careful. Consider it. Isn't it possible that you'd rather have Rose than Amy? Never. Except when we had fun. When we fought, and you could hurt me, but not break me. When we had sex, and you were inside me, and I was inside of Amy, and you gave me a pan of you that you could never give to her. I saw you. I felt you. I felt my wife in that kiss. I know you're there. I think that when Dylan died, you had a breakdown, depression. You disassociated or something, and now you believe that you are all these different people. I didn't want that pregnancy. I fought it. That's why Amy had so much trouble getting pregnant. Oh, no, no, no, the doctor said it was because we were a little older. We tried so hard. Fertility shots... We wanted that baby. We wanted that baby more than anything! I didn't. And then these crazy, twisted... Zealots preyed upon you, and... And made you say and do horrible things, -and made you believe... -I killed that baby. (YELLS) That is a lie! (YELLS) I killed it! Because I don't want to have a baby with you! I don't love you! I did it to make Amy go away, and now Amy is gone! (CHOKING) (GROANS) Jack, please. (CHOKING) (GASPING) (GRUNTS) Give me my triggers. I feel so sad for you. I'm so sorry, Amy. That I wasn't there to save you. To protect our baby. I know you love me, and I know... You loved our unborn child. (YELLS) Hey! I will never let her go. She's not here, it's just me. If it makes you feel any better, she doesn't know that I terminated the pregnancy. I don't believe a word you say any more. You'll figure it out. In a way that you can understand. When things are less black and white to you, less life and death. I laid his tiny shell to rest with the highest respect paid to the newly adjourned. And if you find him one day, you'll know that I left him there, so that you can all be together again. A gift from an old love. That's a trigger for your next life. Goodbye, Jack. SIMON: Madison? (BANGING ON DOOR) You see anything? ALLISON: No. Hello? Madison! What's that smell? ALLISON: Simon! (ALLISON GASPS) Get back. (SHRIEKS) (SOBBING) - Stay here. -No! (GAGGING) SIMON: Oh, God. Oh, God. Jesus Christ! Madison! - Madison! -No. No, come on. SIMON: Let's get out. Get out. (AMY GROANING) Help!(SOBBING) Ow! Ow, no, please don't take him away. - Please don't take him away... - Did you call 911? No, I can't. It hurts... I can't. I'm sorry. (SCREAMING IN PAIN) CK: I need an ambulance 6105 Oakdale... -6105 Oakdale! -(SCREAMING) Yes, thank you. (WAILING) Help me. Help me... -I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. -No, no, no, no. JACK: No, no, no... (GROANING IN PAIN) JACK: (SOFTLY) Hey... Ame. I know there's never a good time, but... I need to talk. I just called the hospital to... Make arrangements for the... The body, and they said you'd already done that. It's been taken care of. Honey, that's a decision we should come to together. I said no autopsy. JACK: It's how to lay him to rest. I know we both need closure and to move on, but there's a permanence to all this that you can't do alone. We need to decide together. I said I took care of it. I had the body cremated. The body is just a box. JACK: Ame? (SHOWER RUNNING) Ame, you okay? AMY: Be out in a minute. I laid his tiny shell to rest with the highest respect paid to the newly adjourned. And if you find him one day, you'll know that I left him there so that you can all be together again. (POLICE RADIO CHATTER) (POLICE SIREN BLARING) You keep the parents on ice. I want to take a look inside first. Roger, will do. Marcus Fox. I hoped you were dead. AMY: Richard, understand that I've waited over 80 years for this moment. The risk here is so much greater than the reward. We're part of a group that can live forever. If you do this thing now, that they forbid, we're no longer part of that group. We can no longer live forever. The minute you step in there, it is done. If we are caught. (SIGHS) Don't you think I've thought of all this? Well, since you're here, no. Rose, nothing good can come from this. It's worth it. Hello, Peter. Remember me? Can you keep a secret? -(DOOR WEDGES) -Whoa, whoa... That was rude. Especially as Miss Gilchrist here has quite the gift for you. Why are you doing this? I don't want anything from you. AMY: I left him there so that you can all be together again. A gift from an old love. I know you weren't prepared to return like the Reverti are. 99% of the population of the entire world can't or won't be able to have this extraordinary experience. Isn't it incredible? (CHUCKLES) Bix. When you died, in my arms... You weren't properly inducted or oriented, I didn't know exactly what I was doing, but... Because this is all new for you, you might be more unsettled, or experience headaches. AMY: But this will pass. Bix, I searched and I searched and... I missed you so much. But now we're back together again. Welcome back, Bix. How did you find me? (POLICE SIREN BLARING) Madison inside of me... (SOBS) Was the most wonderful thing that ever happened in my life. It was the only time where I didn't have to do anything, but I was doing the best thing, because I was growing a life inside of me... I had purpose. ALLISON: A better purpose, to nourish her, to house her, to shepherd her. And that has been my life, ever since I made the promise to be her mother. To protect her life. (SOBS) I failed her. My little girl is gone, and I can't find her. The only thing I have ever felt sure of in my life is loving that child, being her mother, and I have failed. What happened to my baby? JACK: If I killed some men... -(MAN SCREAMS) -(GLASS SHATTERS) What did you do to Amy? Would God take it out on me by my wife leaving me and killing my kid? This is a new life. It's a fresh start for you, for us. I just wanted to call and tell you, it'll all be over soon. ls your dad Todd Crane? Yeah. I need to go to the office and see what class I'm in. Think you could show me how to get there? You find Marcus and you kill Marcus. Ripped By mstoll Happy New Year 2015 - New Year, New Color ;-) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 