Intruders: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Intruders 
 s1e4 - Ave Verum Corpus - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Intruders (2014): Season 1, Episode 4 - Ave Verum Corpus - full transcript 
 Gary reveals a strange link between his former client and Amy. But just as Jack and Gary start to put the pieces together, their only reliable source is brutally murdered. Meanwhile, Madison arrives in Seattle and threatens an old acquaintance. Richard attempts to conceal his secret continues while handling rising pressure from Rose. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ave Verum Corpus. First performed May 29th, 1791. How'd you know all that? I was there that night. I played in the orchestra. OZ: The last three weeks, I've been telling you about Bill Anderson. - No! - Judy and son Matt lost their lives when they tried to keep this from us. Bill Anderson. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He's an acoustics engineering professor at the University of Washington. What's this to you? It's related to an estate case I'm on back in Chicago. Call me Marcus. You tell them you're still looking for me. And when I'm back, -they'll never see me comin'. -(GIGGLES) What is this, Gary? There's a group of people who I believe may have killed Bill Anderson's family. And I have evidence that ties your wife, Amy, to them. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 REALTOR: You're gonna love this place. The sunsets while sitting on that porch... Every day, they're different. Please, come on in! Oh... Wow. ALISON: (CHUCKLES) Oh... REALTOR: It is beautiful, right? ALISON: Yes! Madison, you said you wanted to try piano lessons. Maybe you could take some over the summer. Yes, uh... Howard Roberts, three houses down, is the music teacher at Seaside High. ALISON: Perfect. REALTOR: Let me just hand you this so that you can have a look at what we're talking about here. (BEGINS PLAYING) (PLAYING MOZART'S AVE VERUM CORPUS) Ripped By mstoll Happy New Year 2015 - New Year, New Color ;-) Wow. How many years has she been playing? She's never played a day in her life. (SCREAMING) -(MADISON GASPS) -(THE MAN'S SCREAMS ECHO) Where is it you want me to drop you off? I just want to go home. Where's that at? I don't... I can't... The man makes me not remember. This book they gave me is shit. Know what, bro? Here's good. I'll find it. It's around here somewhere. (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) GARY: I told you my interest in the Anderson murders came from an estate I represented. A client of my Chicago law firm, who lives here in Seattle, Joseph Cranfield. Never heard of him. Cranfield was tied for 308 on Forbes' list of the world's billionaires. Self-made. You ever wonder how some people just seem... Born ready? From the minute they drop out of the womb, it's like they just seem to know how it all works. Like this isn't new to them at all, and they never stumble like we do? That is Joe Cranfield. As an initiation rite, the partners sent me out here in Seattle to handle some small matter he wanted dealt with. The truth is, they were ail afraid of him. I was, too, but I had no choice. The next 15 years, when Cranfield wants something done, he asks for me, and only me. So how much of what he has you do is illegal? None. Zero. In all that time, nothing ever illegal, nothing weird... Till about a year ago. Out of nowhere, one of the healthiest men I knew had me start dissolving and disbursing his fortune, so on the day he dies, it'll all be gone. (BAND PLAYING JAZZ) NEWSREEL ANNOUNCER: On August 6th, 1931, Leon Bismark "Bix" Beiderbecke, one of the jazz era's most influential musicians, was found dead in his Queens apartment at the age of only 28. The official cause of death was lobar pneumonia, but fellow musicians knew it was Bix's acute addiction to prohibition liquor that allowed death to steal this legend from jazz fans forever. Not forever. Soon. (SOBBING) Ow! (RAGGED BREATHING) -(DISTORTED JAZZ) -(CRACKLING SCREEN) (SILENCE FALLS) (POKER CLANGS) GARY: When Cranfield dies, each of his kids, four of them, gets a billion. So does his wife. Even his great-great-grandchildren, they're all set for life. The rest of Cranfield's money, nearly $6 billion, is deposited into the account of an obscure hundred-year-old charity based in London, called the Psychomancy Trust. One hour after his death. That'll be it for Joseph Cranfield's fortune. Except for two outstanding matters. First, one weirdo beneficiary who refuses to cash a check for $10 million, and keeps sending it back to me. Bill Anderson. That's right. How'd you know? Well, you drove down to my house so I'd help you with Anderson. I didn't really come to see you about Anderson, Jack. I came because I knew it would all lead to your wife. This is about Amy. The only property Cranfield put in trust is that building. That building? This is where Amy was when she said she was home. (QUIET BACKGROUND CHATTER) (EXHALES WEARILY) Crane... Crane! Alison. (ALISON'S LAUGHTER ECHOES) (EXHALES) MADISON: "There are places on Earth "where it is easier to cross from the living to the dead, "and back again." MADISON AND MARCUS: "The world has many such..." MARCUS: "Crossing places." (KNOCKS) Took me months, but I found out that, since the Seattle fire of 1889, this building has been in the Crane family. Todd Crane? The partner at Amy's firm? The Crane family have been trustees on the board of what charity for the last 150 years? The one that Cranfield gave 10% of his fortune to, the... Sicko... The Psychomancy Trust. The Psychomancy Trust goes back 200, 300 years. The charity actually leases the building from Crane. The building has three trustees. The primary is Todd Crane. The second is a guy named Marcus Fox. He's a business associate of Joe Cranfield who vanished nine years ago. The last trustee is Joseph Cranfield, until, upon his death, his protege becomes the third trustee. Where the hell is everybody? Is this place completely empty? GARY: It's weird, right? At first, I thought it was a front for something, but that didn't add up. Then I found the connection to your wife. Didn't put it together for a while, Jack. Didn't know her maiden name. Amy Dyer... ls married to you. (SCOFFS) She's a lawyer, Gary. At a big firm in a big city where Cranfield is a big shot. Joseph Cranfield had factories in the US, China, India. He had farms in Brazil. Homes, buildings, all over the world, and this is the only one he'll own after he's dead, and your wife is a trustee. She lied to you about being here. Why would she come clean on a phone call? You calling my wife a liar? Oh, come on, Jack. I just want to know why someone wanted Bill Anderson dead and why his family was killed. Text me the photographs and everything you have on Bill Anderson. And then... Don't do anything. Don't call me. Stay the hell away from me. Hell, you can even go back to Chicago, if you want. (PAYPHONE RINGS) (MOBILE BUZZING) Hello. (WARBLING OTHERWORLDLY FREQUENCY PLAYS OVER MOBILE) (MOBILE RINGING) Hello? Hello? Who is this? WOMAN: (DISTORTED) A part-time friend. Which part am I talking to? Drop what you're doing. Only reason to go in that house is to see what it would be like if it happens to you. Why don't you tell me to stop to my face? How about we meet? Do you want to end up like Bill Anderson's family? You've been warned. Oh, yeah? Well... -(LINE DISCONNECTS) -Hello? (SHUTTER SNAPS) (BOARDS CREAKING) Hands on your head! Interlace your fingers. (MOBILE BUZZES) Tsk. (GRUMBLES) Yeah. WOMAN: (DISTORTED) This is going to be a very bad call for you. Aren't they all, lately? What the hell have you been doing? Not what I told you. Not what I told you, Richard. Haven't you tuned in to Oz Turner's radio show? Nothing but guest hosts, forever. Bill Anderson. (SCOFFS) I told you in the first place that Anderson was nothing to worry about. Why even kill him? The old man's gonna be dead soon. Anderson's still in Seattle. Frank Shepherd saw him. Well, let Frank finish the job! If he is nothing, then why is Jack Whelan looking for Anderson? Do your job, Richard. All right, Rose. I'll do my job. (MOBILE HITS FLOOR) I'll have eggs over-easy. Corned beef hash. Coffee. Coming right up. Alison... Alison... "Mariners beat the Rangers. 5-3." Five-three... "Mariners beat the Rangers. 5-3." Five-oh-three... Five-oh-three. Five-oh-three! (SHOUTS) Five-oh-three! That calls Alison! Five-oh-three! Five-oh-three! That calls my mum! (PANTING) (TELEPHONE RINGS) Hello? (ANXIOUSLY) Hello? MADISON: Alison? Madison? Madison? Alison? Alison? Madison! Wh... (SOBBING) Where are... Where are you? Where are you? Madison! Where are you? I want my mum. I want my mum so bad! The man inside won't let me! He wants to see some man named Crane! I want to go home! Help me get home! Help me get home! (WARBLING OTHERWORLDLY FREQUENCY BLARES) Madison! - Baby! -Madison, where are you? (ALISON SOBBING) Baby, where are you? Baby! (EXHALES HEAVILY) Always nice to get a visit from one of LA's finest. "Finest" what? I retired from LAPD. "Retired," huh? Maybe more like asked to leave? Retired. To write books. You're a regular Joseph Wambaugh, huh? Did I make fun of your tie? Not till just then. Writing a book about the Andersons? No. No. It's a sad story. I, I want to make some money. You know... Happy stories. You think he did it? Anderson? You're not one of those conspiracy kooks? "Friends of Oz Turner“? Like that, uh, Tim Truth? Who? Late-night radio talk show, conspiracies and paranormal. Why would you think I was one of those guys? Tim Truth and his amateur sleuths are wreaking havoc on my investigation. Exchanging information every night on sightings of Anderson. Wait. So they exchange information on the radio? Yeah, they're all wackos. Who knows what they're talking about? They might as well be talking in code to each other, they're so out there. If Anderson's alive, he must be following that shit, 'cause I can't get a lead on the guy. You think he's, um, he's still alive? You don't think he maybe... Killed himself, maybe? Not with a $60,000 insurance policy to collect on his wife. He already turned down a $10-million bequest from some rich benefactor. Where'd you get that? LA's finest. Your lawyer friend tell you? How do you know about him? Seattle's finest. (LAUGHING) And... He showed up to make your bail. Oh, well. You know, the suits in LA usually use that as a way of saying "you can go." Find your wife? I know you were up here looking for her. Well, then you know I found her. I hope you weren't by any chance looking for her the way you went lookin' for those guys you killed in Los Angeles. I hope. (DOOR SHUTS) Hey. (EXHALES WEARILY) Thanks for getting me out of here, man. Appreciate it. Yeah, don't mention it. You know, that detective he just gave me an idea on how we could, uh, reach out to Anderson. Trouble is, he may be long gone or long dead, or never hear it, so... Who's the one person we know who could tell us about him? - Joseph Cranfield. -That's right. He trusts you, doesn't he? If he wanted me to know about the trustees, Jack, he would have just told me. Just call him. Ask him what he wants you to do with the Anderson money. Just call him. Do it. Do it now. Go ahead. (RELUCTANT SIGH) (DIALING) (RINGING) Hello? (WARBLING OTHERWORLDLY FREQUENCY BLARES) (STAMMERS) Hello? (WARBLING INCREASES) (WARBLING CONTINUES) (PHONE RINGING) What is it? I'm on my way out. DANIELLA: I'm sorry to bother you, Mr. Crane, but reception just let somebody up here from your daughter's school, and they're demanding to talk to you. Hey! Come back here! You can't just... Hi. Long time, no see, Toddie. I'm sorry, Mr. Crane, I tried... It's okay, Daniella. It's fine. Come have a seat. (GRUNTING) So what's your name? Madison. Can you believe that? And you go to school with my daughter, Meadow? Never met her. I thought you told the people downstairs... Is this her? Is that Meadow? Yeah. She hasn't sprouted yet. That's just the way I like them. Soft... Smooth... With just a hint of a breast bud on the horizon. I'm nine. See? No boobs yet either, Todd. Is this a joke? Is someone making you do this? I told that piece-of-ass assistant of yours that me and your daughter are in the same class. She bought it. You doin' her? I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to say that! Oh! Ow! (GASPING) Ow! Ow! (GROANING) So, limp dick. There's some shit I need from you. You, um... You need to go. Um, let me call your parents. You put that goddamn phone down, or I'll start screaming rape! I want to talk to Cranfield. I don't know Joe Cranfield. I mean, I know who he is, but I don't... Knock it off, Todd! I know you're kind of a civilian in all this, but you're all I got. This stupid book they gave me... I mean, there's a picture of the building, but no map! And there's this kid inside me that won't go down quietly. She just keeps on crying for her mother. Listen. I'll make this easy on both of us. I need Cranfield. And don't play like you don't know him, 'cause that's bullshit that I don't have time for! (STAMMERING NERVOUSLY) I don't know how you know about Mr. Cranfield, but I'm not in touch with him. Bullshit, Todd! His time must almost be up! Mr. Cranfield... Is very sick... Marcus. So whatever you want with him, you're not gonna get... And whatever you think you can get from me, you've gotten. - Now it's time to go. -How sick? Wait a minute. Okay. Who's next? They got rid of me? Not Rose. Todd. Was Rose triggered? (HUFFING) Daniella, get security in here, please. Let go of me! Stop touching me! Why are you being so mean? Stop touching me! He touched me! He tried to hurt me! Just call child services or get her mother. Just get her out of my office. Help me! He put his tongue in my mouth! The kid is schizophrenic or bipolar! Get her to a psych ward. Now. Wait, wait. My bag. Hey, Todd. What goes around, comes around. (DIALING) (BEEPING) This is Todd Crane, and I need to speak to Rose. It's urgent. Intensely urgent. We have a problem we thought we were never gonna have again. TIM TRUTH: Welcome back, true soldiers of truth. Tim Truth, carrying on the tradition for Oz Turner. Coming to you live from the Oz Turner Broadcast Center. Never forget. Tonight's topic, as it has been since his cowardly murder, is our fallen brother, Oz Turner. Together, we will find who did this to him and Bill Anderson's family. If you're out there listening, Bill, know that you're not alone, we're with you. (SHUTS RADIO OFF) GARY: I don't know about this, Jack. Cranfield is not the type of person you can just drop in on. So what's the worst that can happen? They ask us to leave? Big deal. Go ahead. All right. All right, all right. (PUNCHING CODES ON SECURITY PANEL) (GATE HYDRAULICS HUMMING) All right. Here we go. What's going on with this guy? Hi. Gary Fischer. I'm an attorney for Mr. Cranfield. Sorry, Mr. Fischer, tonight's occasion is invitation only. I'm going to have to ask you to turn the vehicle around and leave the premises. Immediately. Thank you. What the hell was that all about? I don't know. - Can we get around back through those woods? -Can I do what? - Pull over. -What? - Pull over. -This is not very smart, Jack. Bad idea. Jack, what are you doing, man? Shit! -(HUSHED) What are they doing? -I don't know. Can you see? Right... Let's see if this works. Here you go. What is that? I don't know. I don't know. Shit. That's Cranfield! Amy? Oh! We gotta go. We gotta go! Come on! Shit! (GRUNTING) (ENGINE FIRING) (TIRES SQUEALING) Jesus! What the hell was that? - I don't know. -Was that a funeral? - I don't know! -Some kind of goddamned funeral? - How the hell would I know? -Why don't you know? If I knew, I would tell you! Jack, I don't know! - You told me all about the whole goddamned thing! -I don't know! Why was my wife there? - I don't know! I don't know! -Why was Amy there? What was she doing there, Gary? - Shut up! -God damn it! - You're not helping! -Stop this car! Stop the goddamned car! God damn it! - Shit! -Jesus! Keep it together, man! - Did you see that back there? -You know that I did! Look, I'm scared, too, man! My wife was at that, that... Whatever that was! Was it, was it a funeral? Hope it was a funeral, Jack. Hope they weren't euthanizing or murdering the old man. She's been, uh... She's been not herself. She's been acting weird, all kinds of crazy shit. But that, that... Was... Yeah, I'm scared. I'm scared that my life as I know it is over. Mr. Cranfield... Jesus, man. Where the hell are we gonna get answers from now, Jack? There's still Bill Anderson. We've gone late, like we always do. Bill Anderson, if you're listening, stay strong, brother. We're here for you, brother. You sure Anderson'll be able to crack this code you made up? Sure. It's a simple transposition code. When I was on probation at LAPD, I worked radio encryption. Tactical and narcotics use it quite a bit. Now, Anderson's an acoustic engineer, so he should be able to recognise how these numbers correspond to a time and place. He'll know it's for him without saying his name? Yeah, there's personalized information in there that only he would know. Like the serial number of a machine he was building in the basement. TIM: The number to call is 1-800-555-0192. Next caller. Never forget. JACK: Yes, Tim. Never forget. Serial number G-M-6-7... 5-0-9... 1-5-1... 2-6-5-0. E-U-C-P... I-H-O-G. 23... Point-14 hertz. 3-6-0-8-8-8-3-7-5-9. (TIM TRUTH LAUGHING) Are the encryption hackers picking up their pencils, goin' old-school all over the west coast right now, or what? - Thank you, soldier. -Let's hope it works. Let me tell you, though, brother, this had better not be some soldier for the New World Order, using Oz Turner's broadcast to disseminate encrypted information. (CHUCKLING) Just sayin'. Yeah. Thank you. That's him. Here we go. Very nice double-transposition encryption you devised. The key number nearly eluded me, but... It certainly intrigued me enough to risk meeting you. First of all, Bill, we both know you didn't do what you're accused of doing. Why didn't you take Cranfield's money? How do you know about that? That's what convinced me to meet you, mentioning Cranfield in your code. I'm the guy you kept sending the check back to. I'm Jack Whelan. This is Gary Fischer. He wanted me to cease my research. I could accept the money on the sole condition that I end it, that if I accepted the money and kept working, there would be consequences, and that, between the lines, I'd better accept the money. There were no conditions. I never made any demands on you. (STAMMERING) What were you working on? Sound. Infrasonics. (WARBLING) Very low frequencies. -(CRACKING) -(POPPING) Most people have been looking at 18 hertz, but I experiment at 19. There are sounds which affect the human being. The roar of an alligator, an earthquake, hurricanes all exist within the 19-hertz range. Infrasonics. Not heard... But felt. It may allow us a glimpse into natural phenomena that the human being is not intended to see or hear. What things? What... What are you talking about? What were you building, Bill? Do you believe in ghosts? I made a ghost machine. I know... It sounds goofy, it needs a better name... But that's what it is. A device that sees ghosts. Get down. Get down! (CROWD PANICKING) 911! Gary, 911! - Come on, come on, come on! -Qu... Qu... Qui Reverti. (GURGLING) No! No! No! No! God damn it! DISPATCHER: 911. State the nature of your emergency. Police, fire, or ambulance? Please state the nature of your emergency. SHEPHERD: Someone helped Marcus Fox return. Tell me it wasn't you. JACK: How many bodies are under here ? WOMAN: (DISTORTED) 10:00 a.m., pier nine. - Rose Gilchrist? -She stays at this hotel, across the hall. JACK: She sent someone to have me killed. Your daughter has just barged through my front door. She has been missing for a week! - Oh, my God. - Where are you? - What happened, man? - GARY: Bill Anderson happened. And that machine he was working on. (WARBLING) (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) Ripped By mstoll Happy New Year 2015 - New Year, New Color ;-) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 