The Ren & Stimpy Show: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show 
 s1e4 - Fire Dogs/Stimpy's Storybook Land: The Littlest Giant - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show (1991–1996): Season 1, Episode 4 - Fire Dogs/Stimpy's Storybook Land: The Littlest Giant - full transcript 
 On the brink of starvation, and disguised as Dalmatians, the pair find employment at a fire station. Can these two handle an inferno at a towering skyscraper, with all of its exotic residents in need of rescue? Next, Stimpy, a little giant, and the brunt of the big giants' jokes, leaves home to find a happier life. What partnership will unfold when he meets Ren, a simple dairy farmer? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ( announcer ) It's time for "ask Dr. Stupid." With your host, Dr. Stupid. Oh, hello there ! Doctor, here's a letter from billy of lompoc, west Kansas. And he asks, "dear Dr. Stupid, why do I have to go to school ?" That's a very good question, billy. I'd better put on my patented stupomitron helmet. Prepare to activate ! ( explosion ) Well, the answer's simple, really. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The reason is because, your parents are aliens ! And while you're at school, they shed their human skins and breathe dryer lint ! ( laughing ) Thank you, Dr. Stupid. ( blaring siren ) Stimpy, old pal. I can go no further, I feel I shall die. I've had not a thing to eat for so long, I care not to think. Take this morsel. It may not be much, but it is all that I have. ( groaning ) Gulp ! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That was delicious, Stimpy, what was it ? It was my last grain of litter. I'd been saving it for weeks. ( screaming ) You ! You broke it, you broke it. My first material possession. Maybe now you'll keep your stinkiness to-- look, Ren, we're saved ! Fire dogs needed, benefits, good pay. ( sadly ) Dalmatians only. What's a dalmatian, Ren ? Take a look for yourself, man. What do you see ? Ugly black spots. Good. Now shut up and look stupid. I've had it up to here with the likes of you people ! Oh ! I'm sorry. I thought you were circus midgets. Now, what can I do for you, hmm ? Your troubles are over. It is we who are your fire dogs. But Ren, I'm a cat. Shut up, you fool ! Don't listen to him. He's a good man, but he's not quite right in the head. I've known fellers like that. Well, boys, you got yourselves a job. But you're gonna work ! ( thumping footsteps ) Now, cut that out ! Relax, man. Do you know what the odds are against there ever being a fire ? A million to one. Take it from me, I know what I'm talking about. ( alarm ringing ) Whoa ! Oh, joy ! ( siren ) ( crowd screaming ) Oh, please ! Save my baby ! Okay, lady, let her go. ( gurgling ) Save my horse ! ( screaming ) ( teeth clanking ) ( groaning ) ( struggling ) I can't stand it. Excuse me, Mr. Horse. What are your feelings about that fall ? Hmm... hmm, no, sir, I didn't like it. Oh, my god, it hurts. Save my walrus ! Save my elephant ! Humph. ( grunting ) Save me ! ( screaming ) Whew. ( crowd screaming ) Oh, dear. ( flapping fat ) ( crash ) Oh, my brave little man. ( howling ) ( screaming ) ( helicopter whirring ) ( sighing ) You boys are heroes ! And I thought you were bums ! For bravery above and beyond the call of duty, I present you with our highest honor, the sacred golden fire hydrant helmets ! Congratulations, boys. I'm so happy, I can hardly contain myself. ( man ) Neither can I ! ( whimpering ) ( crying ) ( announcer ) What's the matter, Susie ? What's the matter, Jill ? We're sick of our toys, we've had our fill. Dollies are boring, and I hate to cook. We want a new toy ! Well, let's have a look. It's log for girls. I'll comb her hair. And I'll do her makeup. Look at log now ! She's beautiful ! Yes, log. All kids love log. ♪ What rolls down stairs alone or in pairs ♪ ♪ rolls over your neighbor's dog ♪ ♪ what's great for a snack and fits on your back ♪ ♪ it's log, log, log ♪ ♪ it's log, log ♪ ♪ it's big, it's heavy it's wood ♪ ♪ it's log, log ♪ ♪ it's better than bad it's good ♪ ♪ everyone wants a log ♪ ♪ you're gonna love it log ♪ ♪ come on and get your log ♪ ♪ everyone needs a log ♪ log, from blammo. And please bless grandma and grandpa. And please give me a million dollars. And, oh, yeah, huge pectoral muscles. Amen. ( yawning ) Will you button me, Ren ? Sure thing, pal. Good night, Stimpy. Good night, Ren. ( snoring ) ( lullaby playing softly ) What is it, man ? Will you read me a bedtime story ? Read me a bedtime story ? Read it yourself ! Oh, this looks wonderful. Once upon a time... uh, there, uh, there lived, uh... oh, yeah, a giant. ( snoring ) ( Stimpy ) He was a handsome giant, but he was different from all the other giants. He was the, uh... littlest giant. Why, he's barely enormous. He's merely huge. He's no bigger than a house. Hey ! What's the idea ? Pick on somebody your own size. All the bigger giants laughed at the little giant. ( laughing ) You'll never have any friends. You're too little to have any friends. ( laughing ) Finding his life in hugevania unbearable, the little giant decided to run away. ( sniffling ) ( water pouring ) ( sobbing ) To my dearest friends, the big, mean giants. I'm running away forever. Your punching bag, the littlest giant. ( sobbing ) ( slurping ) Chew. Chew. Chew. ( swallowing ) With a tear in his eye, the littlest giant left the village of hugevania, never to return again. ( screaming ) Meanwhile, in the village of, uh, thumbsville... wee Ren of the wee folk sat aside his well. He was very forlorn 'twas he. Oh, woe is I. The well has gone dry. And my cow will just give powdered milk. I tell you no lie. My sow, she does fry. And my chickens-- ( struggling ) They only lay silt. ( crying ) One morning, wee Ren was awakened by the sound of large sobbing and crying. And there, next to the well, was the littlest giant, sobbing his gigantic little heart out. ( crying ) And lo, the little giant's tears filled up the well to overflowing. Wee Ren was overjoyed. ( cheering ) Oh, Mr. Giant, you saved the farm ! You are my true friend. Friend ? I'm your-- I'm your friend ? Why, of course ! You are the biggest friend I've ever had. I'm your friend ? And I'm big ? Big ? You kidding ? You're repulsively titanic. Gosh ! I've never had a friend before. Just name it, pal. And I'll do anything for you. Anything ? That's right, anything. Really ? Absolutely anything ? Anything you say, man. Anything my tiny heart desires ? Yes, anything ! You fat, bloated idiot ! What a pal. Would you... scratch my back ? Sure, I'd be glad-- and, uh, comb my hair ? Pluck my eyebrows ? Do my nails ? Mend my clothes ? Brush my teeth ? Shave my tongue ? ( screaming ) And so, the littlest giant's heart was filled with blood. And wee Ren agreed to let the littlest giant live with him forever. ( owl hooting ) ( loud snoring ) And they lived happily ever after. Joy, joy. ( slapping and screaming ) Hey, boy, Stimpy, we sure had fun today, didn't we ? Come on, Stimpy, say goodbye. Where are we going ? The show's over, see you next time. What'll we do till then ? Why, you can clean your bellybutton. Eat olive loaf till you puke ! ( crying ) I know, man. You can chase your tail till you're dizzy. Chase my tail ? But Ren, I don't have a tail. Do what I tell you, stupid. How you feeling, pal ? Kinda sick. ( burps ) Captioning made possible by comedy central Captioned by Soundwriters™ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 