The Ren & Stimpy Show: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show 
 s1e5 - Marooned/Untamed World - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show (1991–1996): Season 1, Episode 5 - Marooned/Untamed World - full transcript 
 After a crash-landing on a strange planet, Commander Hoek and Cadet Stimpy go about cataloging and reporting on the strange planets inhabitants. But, before long, and quite unexpectedly, an inhabitant takes a very close look at them. Next, in kitsch documentary style, Ren narrates over some footage of curious flora and fauna. Finally, we are treated to a rare spotting of the Crocostimpy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Oh, joy ! Hey, Ren, it's commander Hoek and Stimpy ! Happy happy happy ! Joy joy joy ! My favorite live-Action drama. Don't let it start ! Don't let it start ! Roger, a-okay, activate-- ( announcer on Tv ) All systems go ! 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Blast off to adventure 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 in the amazing year 400 billion with Commander Hoek and his faithful companion Cadet Stimpy, as they roam the endless, uncharted regions of space at speeds so fantastic they throttle the imagination ! Prepare to surge to sublight speed. ( wailing alarm ) En... gage. ( creaking ) ( screaming ) Yes, join us as Commander Hoek and Cadet Stimpy probe the spaceways in the name of interplanetary justice ! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 These selfless men are dedicated to ensuring the freedom of Americans yet to be born ! Okay, spade cadets, prepare to hurtle through the cosmos in today's turgid episode ! ( soaring whistle ) ( clanking metal ) ( creaking ) Man, it's a good thing that planet was there or we never would have stopped. We'd better call space command. ( rattling ) Calling space command, come in, do you read ? ( man on radio ) No, sir. I didn't like it. Aw, cripes ! Well, that's it. Our space time disrupter is melted. So we can't leave on our own power, and it could be centuries before another ship violates this sector. We are marooned ! Just like the title of this cartoon. ( growls ) Well, there's no use crying over spilled mitochondria. I'm afraid this is a test of survival. Survival ? Science officer Stimpy to the rescue. Look, captain, I brought my trusty space cadet handbook. It tells you everything you need to know about survival. The space cadet handbook. Of course ! Stimpy, sometimes your wealth of ignorance astounds me. They don't call me stupid for nothing. So, uh, let's scout around. You fool ! We can't just wander around like ee-diots ! We'd better see what the prime directive says about alien worlds. The prime directive ! It says to "scout around." Great, let's go. Man, we've been scouting for weeks. I am starved. What are we gonna do about food ? Hey, get the space cadet handbook. I can do it. Joy ! Read it, numbskull, don't eat it ! Well, what does it say ? It says we better perform some test before eating any indigenous flora. ( electronic beeps ) Hmm, interesting. ( beeping faster ) Well, I'll be. ( rapid beeping ) ( belches ) Well, did you find anything out ? Did I ? You bet ! This thing makes the coolest noises. ( high-pitched screeching ) ( dog howls ) ( air leaking ) ( rubber stretching ) Stimpy, where's my dinner ? What are we having ? Space cabbage. Is it stinky ? Just how you like it. Whoo-whoo-whoo- whoo-Whoo-whoo ! ( gurgling ) Now that's what I call a head of cabbage. Stimpy, my boy, I misjudged you. You're okay in my book. ( roars ) Ye-ouch ! ( glass shattering ) ( bowling pins falling ) ( yawns ) Good night, Stimpy. Good night, Ren. ( snoring ) ( snoring ) Oh, my ! Hey, Ren, wake up ! The moon is out, come see it. Aw, come on, Ren, wake up and see the moon. It's beautiful ! Are you nuts ? What ?! I was just dozing off. All right, all right, where's this moon ? ( thud ) Ye-Ouch ! ( growls ) That ought to stop your hijinks. ( snoring ) ( knocking ) Hey, Stimpy, go answer the flap. ( snoring ) ( knocks on door ) Who the he-- aah ! ( coyote howling ) Hello. Can you spare a cup of protoplasm, huh ? Eee ! ( coyote howling ) Oh, baby... I love you. What ?! Help ! Let me go ! Ren, I'll save ya ! ( squishing ) ( chattering ) ( chirping ) Oh, captain Hoek, what ever shall we do ? The book, Stimpy, the book ! The book ? The book ! Yes, the book ! Well, what's it say ? It says... we're doomed. Give me that ! ( aliens laughing ) Let's play house. We'll be mommies and you be the baby. No ! Have some tea. ( maniacal laughing ) Golly, I wish we had a nice little brother. ( fairy ) Your wish is my command. ( both ) It's my little brother doll ! I can dress him funny and put dirt in his hair. I'll do something wrong... and blame it on him. And when we pull his string, he talks to us. ( recorder voice ) I did it. ( announcer ) Yes, it's new. It's my little brother. You're the best sister in the world. It's time for ask Dr. Stupid with your host, Dr. Stupid. Oh, hello there. Doctor, here's a letter from Joe bob henry Jed, from deer creek falls, cornwa. And he asks, "dear Dr. Stupid "how come some camels have one hump and others got two ?" That's a very good question uh, Joe mark bob Joe henry bob... I'd better put on my patented, water-resistant stupomotron helmet. Prepare to activate. ( horn honks ) Well, Joe, this is where gasoline comes from. One hump for regular and two for premium and unleaded ? Thank you, Dr. Stupid. What ? Hey ! Tune in next time for ask Dr. Stupid. ( man screams ) ( electronically distorted ) At last I have control of your Tv set. Are you receiving me ? Welcome to our secret headquarters. Thousands of miles below the earth's crust. Shut up, you fool ! How do we know we can trust... them ? We could make them take the oath. Perfect, the oath ! Put your hand on the Tv screen and repeat after me: I do hereby promise only to watch the Ren & Stimpy show to make under-leg noises during the good scenes, to wear unwashed lederhosen every single day of the rest of my life ! That's it ! You're in our secret club. All right, Stimpy, they're okay. Show them the stuff. Uh, congratulations-- shut up and show them. I'm showing 'em, I'm showing 'em. Okay, kids, it's time for a secret cartoon ! Welcome to another exciting episode of "untamed world". I'm your host Marlon Hoek, and over here we have my courageous assistant Stimpy. Today, we focus on the vast diversity of organisms that have evolved on our humble planet. To observe some of this vast variety, we will travel to the fabled Galapagos islands, a virtual textbook of the process of evolution. Today we retrace the footsteps of the famous naturalist, Charles Darwin, who, thousands of years ago, came upon these remote islands formed by piles of volcanic material thrown up in a fiery cataclysm ! These islands have produced a plethora of exotic mandibles, each a slight variation on a similar theme. For instance, on one island we find the elusive horny-Billed chihuahua. This handsome creature has evolved a rather large beak, which it uses to find delectable nuts hiding in the grass. He uses this powerful appendage to burst open the hard shell in order to get the soft, pulpy, nutmeats inside. On a neighboring island, we find the needle-billed chihuahua. ( rapid tapping ) This fellow has adapted his beak for obtaining food in hollow logs and other hard-To-get-at places. ( squishing ) On the same island we find the leviathan of tortoises, the giant, soft-Shelled Stimpy. We are about to witness a miracle of nature. Every 30 years, this marvelous creature painstakingly drags its ponderous bulk to a secluded spot on the beach, where she digs a hole in the sand and begins her beautiful ritual. ( pop ) The job done, the mother Stimpy buries her young. Then, after concealing her payload of life, she mysteriously drags herself back to the sea. Where she goes... nobody knows. But then, in just a few months, something beautiful happens. Life begins anew. It's really amazing how these cute little fellows instinctively crawl their way to the open sea, yet few escape the keen eyesight of the hungry seagull. Even now, nature's scavenger has spotted an unfortunate newborn. Oh, Mr. Hoek, here comes old man seagull ! Aah ! We've got to help the poor little turtle ! No, my friend, we must not interfere, for it is nature's way. Yes, it may seem cruel, but we must admire the skill with which this powerful scavenger stalks his meal. See how he spreads his magnificent plumes, how he exposes his powerful, gleaming incisors, paralyzing his victim with fright ! Yes, this looks like it ! ( roars ) Say, mack, could you, like, spare some change for, like, a bite to eat ? What ?! Daaah... here ! Now, go on, scram ! Like, bless you, sir ! Deadbeat. Phew ! Here we are, deep in the bowels of a stinking hot cave, which has not been penetrated by light in millions of years. What kind of creatures could possibly live in an environment such as this ? I'm going to be sick ! Nevertheless, the blind albino cave Hoek has developed a keen sense of radar, which it uses to track its prey. ( buzzing ) There ! He's got it ! Thanks to the magic of the slow-motion camera, we can now show you just how ugly the inside of someone's mouth can be ! ( slapping ) ( muffled screams ) ( munching ) Now, we in the nature game know how important the art of camouflage is. ( splash ) ( gargling ) Soon, we approach the nesting grounds of a creature from the prehistoric past... the terrible, fearsome, Crocostimpy ! If we listen very carefully, we might just hear the beautiful, haunting mating call of this majestic beast. Listen, you ee-diot. Happy happy... joy joy ! ( horn honks ) Happy happy... joy joy ! Happy happy... happy happy... joy joy ! Happy happy... happy happy happy... joy joy joy ! Happy happy happy... joy joy joy ! Today, we stalk the wily, speckle-Throated, burrowing five-toed yak. And I'm going to tag him ! ( clanking ) There's its lair. Quietly, patiently, we wait. Hey, buddy, where's your tag ? Aah ! Quick, follow that yak ! ( screaming siren ) The tranquilizer, man, use the tranquilizer ! You, there, yak ! It's no use... to...re..sist. You're no match... for us... you... creature... you. ( thud ) Oh, boy ! I got one, I got one ! ( clanking ) Finally on our quest we visit a species with a unique method of fighting the searing heat of the desert sand. Ow ow ow ow ow ! Ahh ! Now see the unusual hind-leg running style, distinctive to the frilled Ren. Often, this perky little lizard will perform a fascinating display. Watch it now, as it extends and inflates its neck sac. It does this in order to attract... ooh wow ! ...Nature show hosts ! Ahh ! Wonderful ! Marvelous ! Nice sac, man ! Each creature is important in the scheme of the untamed world, and we must preserve this delicate balance. For, without creatures such as the frilled Ren, there would be no nature show hosts. Say, Stimpy, what's that on your tongue ? Eeh ! See you again for "untamed world" ! ( crying ) ( announcer ) What's the matter, Susie ? What's the matter, Jill ? ( both ) We're sick of our toys, we've had our fill. Dollies are boring. And I hate to cook. ( both ) We want a new toy. Well, let's have a look. It's log for girls. I'll comb her hair. And I'll do her makeup. ( both ) Look at log now. She's beautiful. Yes, log. All kids love log. ♪ What rolls down stairs alone or in pairs ♪ ♪ rolls over your neighbor's dog ? ♪ ♪ What's great for a snack and fits on your back ? ♪ ♪ It's log log log ♪ ♪ it's log log ♪ ♪ it's big it's heavy it's wood ♪ ♪ it's log log ♪ ♪ it's better than bad it's good ♪ ♪ everyone wants a log ♪ ♪ you're gonna love it log ♪ ♪ come on and get your log ♪ ♪ everyone needs a log... ♪ log, from blammo. So long, kids, see you next time. ( wails ) What'll we do 'til then ? Why, you could Spackle the den, martinize your shorts. You could play horsey with your pet Crocostimpy. ( trotting ) Happy happy... joy joy. Captioning made possible by comedy central Captioned by Soundwriters™ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 