The Ren & Stimpy Show: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show 
 s1e6 - Black Hole/Stimpy's Invention - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show (1991–1996): Season 1, Episode 6 - Black Hole/Stimpy's Invention - full transcript 
 Commander Hoek and Cadet Stimpy are sucked into the hideous vortex of a black hole. Now as inhabitants on a new planet, and constantly mutating, the pair solve an age-old mystery after being tipped-off by a familiar smell. Next, Stimpy in his naive optimism, invents an emotion-controlling helmet. Ren, whether he likes it or not, is now the involuntary test-subject. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ( Ren ) Captain's log: emergency report. We're fast being sucked into the hideous vortex of a black hole. ( blaring alarm ) Our rocket engines are useless. We are trying everything, even manual override... ( crunching ) But to no avail. Our shipboard computer suggests one last alternative... ( beeping ) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ahhhhhh ! Ahhhhhh ! Ahhhhhh ! Ahhhhhh ! Ahhhhhh ! Ahhhhhh ! ( creaking ) ( screaming continues ) ( shattering ) ( whimpers in the distance ) We're alive ! Alive, I tell you, alive ! Flesh and blood, not wax. Do you realize we're the first dog and cat to pass through a black hole and live to tell the tale ? And now here we are 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 in this wondrous new universe, completely unaffected by the journey. Okay, cadet Stimpy, we'd better scout around and do some exploring. See if you can get some readings on your tri-corder. Yes, sir ! We'll split up. Good idea. What a great couple of guys he is. Aaaah ! Pull yourself together, misters ! ( gulps ) Captain's log: cadet Stimpy and myself now explore this strange new universe, a place where the very physical laws of nature do not apply. I'm afraid it's having some strange effect on us. Boy, cap'n, I'm pooped. Okay, we'll rest here. I'm pooped, too. I gotta sit down. Man, it feels good to sit down. Boy, you said it, cap'n. ( squeaking ) Belay that nose picking, cadet ! Yes, sir, cap'n, sir ! Captain's log: cadet Stimpy and I have begun to adapt to our strange surroundings. In fact, we feel strangely energized, and have picked up our pace a bit. Hey, cadet Stimpy, let's climb that mountain so we can learn the lay of the land. Aye, aye, cap'n. Captain's log: cadet Stimpy and myself have set out for the mysterious distant mountain. ( buzzing ) The closer we get to the mountain, the more we notice an odor, a disgusting yet familiar odor, a stench, if you will. We are beckoned-- no, compelled-- by the repugnant yet somehow delicious aroma. Must... keep... going. Mustn't... give up. Hey, Stimpy, we made it ! Now I see from whence the stench came. Wow, I think I can see our house from here ! Why, it's nothing but a mountain of stinky old gym socks. Aaaaaaaah ! It's my missing left sock ! I've been looking for this everywhere. I've got one just like it at home. We cats love stinky socks. ( squeaking ) A left sock-- left sock ? That's it ! These are all left socks. This is where all the missing left socks in the universe go ! General Hoek, for retrieving all the world's lost left socks, we give you a million dollars and the Nobel peace prize ! ( chewing ) ( beeping ) Hey, cap'n, this space-Time doohickey says if we don't get to the transdimensional gateway by 3:00, we'll be trapped here forever ! Thank you, Herr president. It's my pleasure-- 3:00 ? ! That's five minutes ! How far away is the nearest gateway ? One mile thataway. There it is ! Only 25 seconds to spare. ( man ) All aboard ! Now departing black hole for jersey city and all points up. Cadet Stimpy, we made it ! We're home free ! Hey, Mr. Bus driver, two tickets, please. Can't you read ? Now what do we do ? Well, we'll probably continue to mutate, then our very molecules will more than likely begin to break up. I'm sure our atoms will disperse slowly throughout the universe. I guess it's hopeless. Wait, I have an idea. I'll set the space-time thingie to our molecular wavelengths, switch 'Er into reverse, and turn it up to full blast, and we'll simply implode ! Implode, what's that ? Oh, sorry, cap'n, uh, you're a layman, aren't you ? I'll try and explain it in technical terms. Hmm. Imploding is like, uh... eh... no, it's, uh... wait, I'll show you ! ( groaning ) Stimpy, you're a genius ! Stimpy, I can always count on you when the chips are down. Let's do it ! Well, there you have it. In just five seconds, we implode ! Been nice knowing you, buddy. You're a good kid. See you around, pal. ( both ) ♪ Memories ♪ ( jingling ) Oh, silly me. I had a whole pocket full of change all the time. Kinda ironic, huh, Ren ? ( growling ) ( buzzing ) Hey, Betty, guess what I got ! Jamie, you don't mean... yes ! ( both ) New high-fashion log for girls. ( announcer ) Yes, all new high-fashion log for girls. Why, she's beautiful. Uh-huh. And just look at all these high-fashion outfits and accessories. I'm gonna dress her up like a bride. Yes, girls have endless hours of fun playing dress-up with new high-fashion log. ( thwamping ) And don't forget dream date log. Isn't it romantic ? Girls just love high-Fashion log. ( sighs ) Yes, log. All kids love log. ♪ What rolls down stairs alone or in pairs ♪ ♪ rolls over your neighbor's dog ? ♪ ♪ What's great for a snack and fits on your back ? ♪ ♪ It's log log log ♪ ♪ it's log log ♪ ♪ it's big it's heavy it's wood ♪ ♪ it's log log ♪ ♪ it's better than bad it's good ♪ ♪ everyone wants a log ♪ ♪ you're gonna love it log ♪ ♪ come on and get your log ♪ ♪ everyone needs a log... ♪ log, from blammo. ( Stimpy ) Hey, Ren ( irritated ) What ?! Will you help me try out my new inventions ? Go away, I'm busy ! Come on, Ren, I need your help. Oh, please ! Huh ? Uh, all right, all right, sure. All right, Stimpy, I'm losing my patience. Let's get this over with ! Ahem, ladies and gents, I give you... the cheese-o-phone. Now we can talk to cheese anywhere in the world, regardless of their foreign tongues. Eh, go ahead, Ren, say something in Limburger. ( screaming whistle ) Will you hurry so I can finish my paper ? ( clattering ) Check this out, Ren. It's the remote control shaver. Now you can get a clean, close shave without even being there. Observe. ( buzzing ) That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard ! You-- ( buzzing ) You... here, Ren, for you ! Oh, what is it ? Go ahead, open it. What are they ? They're my latest invention: stay-put socks. They never fall down ! Say, now, that's a good idea. Especially for those of us who don't wear clothes. ( squish ) Why, it's amazing ! How do they work ? They're full of glue ! ( bubbling ) I'm so glad you like them, Ren. Wait here. I'll go get the stay-put hat and raincoat. You filthy swine ! I will kill you ! ( grunting ) Hey, what's the matter, Ren ? ( high-pitched grunting ) Say... you don't suppose-- ( gasps ) He's unhappy ? I know now what I must do. I must use my gift of invention to save Ren. ( electric sizzling ) ( hissing ) ( thundering ) ( buzzing ) ( bubbling ) ( hissing ) Hmm... ( drilling ) Hmm... ah ! ( jack hammering ) ( air driver ) Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-Hmm, mm-hmm. ( boing ) ( wheezy exhale ) ( electric sizzling ) ( buzzing ) ( bubbling ) Whew ! ( gulping ) ( clanking ) Eureka ! ( Stimpy ) Hey, Ren ! What ?! Are you feeling any better ? No, I'm not feeling any better ! Wait. What are you up to ? Oh, nothing ! What have you got behind your back ? You're hiding something from me, aren't you ? What is it you're hiding ? All right, let's see it ! Okay, hand it over ! ( clanking ) Hey, what is this thing ? Get it off of me ! It's the happy helmet, Ren. Now you'll always be happy ! And this is the remote control, and I use this dial to control how happy you are. You sick little monkey ! Why, I oughta-- ( electronic buzz ) Reee... hey, it works ! ( buzz ) Hey... what's... happening... to me ?! No ! Got to fight it ! Eee ! ( maniacal laughing ) Can't lose... control ! Will strong. ( distorted voice ) Body...weak ! Whee ! Hah hah hah hah hah ! Ah ha ha ha ha ha ! ( voice echoing ) Stimpy, I'm so happy ! I... must go... do... nice... things ! Hee hee hee hee ! Hah hah hah hah ! ( creaking ) So... happy... ironing... for... Stimpy ! Hah hah hah hah hah ! Ah ha ha ha ha ha ! ( crunch ) Ah ha ha ha ha ha ! ( Ren ) I... must do... wonderful things... for my best friend... Stimpy ! Ooh joy ! Ah hah hah hah hah ! See how I love to clean... filthy cat boxes ? ( scraping ) Hah hah hah hah hah ! Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha... ( laughing ) ( crash ) ( horn toots ) ( honking ) Ren ! I've got a surprise for you ! Come out, come out, wherever you are. Hey, maybe Ren is somewhere being sad. I will make him happy again ! ( dinging ) Ren, oh, Ren... boy, Ren, if you think you're happy now, wait'll you hear this ! It's a record of my favorite song ! It's called "happy happy joy joy !" ( strumming guitar ) ( man on record ) Hello, boys and girls. This is your old pal Stinky Whizzleteats. This is a song about a whale. No ! This is a song about being happy. That's right. It's the Happy Happy Joy Joy song. ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy Joy ♪ I don't think you're happy enough. That's right. I'Il teach you to be happy. I'Il teach your grandmother to suck eggs ! Now, boys and girls, let's try it again. ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy Joy ♪ If'n you ain't the granddaddy of all liars ! The little critters of nature, they don't know that they're ugly. That's very funny... a fly marrying a bumble bee. I told ya I'd shoot... but you didn't believe me ! Why didn't you believe me ?! ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy ♪ ♪ Happy Happy Joy Joy Joy ♪ ( steaming ) ( shattering glass ) Ren, you, you're angry ? You're darn tootin' I'm angry ! I've never been this angry in my entire life ! Hey... I feel great ! I love being angry ! Thank you, Stimpy. Happy to be of service ? ( echoing laughter ) It's time for "ask Dr. Stupid" with your host Dr. Stupid. Oh, hello there. Doctor, here's a letter from Jennifer, from bent armpit, Wyoming. And she asks: "dear Dr. Stupid, "what is that ugly white slab in my can of beans ?" That's a very good question, Jennifer. I better put on my patented stupomitron helmet. Prepare to activate. The answer's simple really. Jennifer, that ugly white slab in your can of beans is... the queen bean ! And all the other beans are the worker beans that serve her. Thank you Dr. Stupid. Tune in next time for "ask Dr. Stupid". Captioning made possible by comedy central Captioned by Soundwriters™ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 