The Ren & Stimpy Show: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show 
 s2e1 - In the Army/Powdered Toastman - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show (1991–1996): Season 2, Episode 1 - In the Army/Powdered Toastman - full transcript 
 Ren and Stimpy join the Army, where they begin basic training under a very demanding Drill Sargent. We then follow the unusual and bizarre adventures of "Powdered Toast Man" as he is called on for various rescue missions. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Cha, cha, cha ♪ ♪ cha, cha, cha ♪ ♪ cha, cha, cha ♪ this... will... hurt... you. ( gulping ) Hey ! Stimpy, look what they did to my arm ! Yeah, I got shots, too. ( buzzing ) You know, Stimpy, this army business ain't so bad. I think we found our niche. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Atten-hut ! What did he say ? Atten-hut ! Excuse me, could you-- about pace ! Forward, harh ! ( calling cadence ) About face ! Forward, harh ! ( calling cadence ) Company halt ! Remain calm ! Can't you follow orders ? All right, you two insects. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Give me 20 ! As a rule, I don't like to lend money. But you got an honest face. Hey, Ren. I think the sarge likes you best 'cause he gave you the most potatoes to peel. ( Man on P.A. ) Recruits Ren and Stimpy, report for tear-gas training. Duh ! Tear-gas room ? Pee-yew ! I tell you, man, there's nothing could get me in there. Remove mask ! ( crying ) ( screaming ) ( crying ) Hey, how come you're not crying ? I cheated. I held my breath. Boy, Stimpy, you're such a knucklehead. Listen, you moron. I am smart, you're stupid. I know how to get around that big, dopey sarge. Stick with me, kid. I know where I'm going in life. About ! The room ! Happy, happy, happy. Peel, peel, peel. ( grunting ) Stimpy ! Phew ! All right, rest period's over. Let's get a move on. Did you hear me ? I said, let's get going ! You don't want to anger that big, dopey sar-r-R... ( screaming ) Puff, puff, breathe, pain... oh, man. My dogs are killing me. Boy, it sure feels good to get those boots off. You said it. Good night, Ren. Good night, Stimpy. Now all I need... is eight hours of uninterrupted sleep. ( snoring ) ( reveille ) Now, no sleep. Hee hee. No sleep. No bed. ( crying ) And no, no, no, bed, bed, bed ! ( evil laugh ) ( Sarge ) Atten-Hut ! ( panting ) Forward harh ! ( calling cadence ) ( crying ) Psst, hey, Guido. It's all so clear to me now. I'm the keeper of the cheese. And you're the lemon merchant. You get it ? And he knows it. That's why he's gonna kill us. So we gotta beat it. Yeah. Before he lets loose the marmosets on us. Don't worry, little Missy. I'll save you ! ( growling ) Congrabulations ! You graduated. You're full-fledged tank paratroopers. ( squealing ) Stimpy. I can't believe it. We made it. Not only do we have these cool uniforms and this swell tank, we're also proud members of an elite fighting force. ♪ Oh beautiful for spacious skies ♪ ♪ for amber waves of grain ♪ ♪ for purple mountains majesty ♪ ♪ above the fruited plain ♪ ♪ America, America ♪ ♪ god shed his grace on thee... ♪ ♪ cha, cha, cha ♪ ( announcer ) New amazing product ! Hi, kids. I start out my day with my favorite breakfast. That's right, sugar frosted milk. Mmm ! Smell those lumps ! Just four ounces of lumps and six ounces of cereal makes for a balanced breakfast. ( screaming ) Help ! And sugar frosted milk stays lumpy, even in cereal. Morning, sis. Oh, boy ! Sugar frosted lumps ! Hey ! Who stole my lumps ? ( announcer ) It's time for "ask Dr. Stupid." With your host, Dr. Stupid. Oh, hello there. Doctor, here's a letter from Jennifer from bent armpit, Wyoming. And she asks, "dear Dr. Stupid, what is that ugly white slab in my can of beans ?" That's a very good question, Jennifer. I'd better put on my patented stuponitron helmet. Prepare to activate. ( chuckling ) The answer's simple, really. Jennifer, that ugly white slab in your can of beans is... the queen bean ! And all the other beans are the worker beans that serve her. Thank you, Dr. Stupid. Tune in next time for "ask Dr. Stupid." ( screaming ) At last, I have control of your Tv set. Are you receiving me ? Welcome to our secret headquarters. Thousands of miles below the earth's crust. Shut up, you fool ! How do you know we can trust them ? We could make them take the oath. Perfect, the oath. Put your hand on the Tv screen and repeat after me. I do hereby promise only to watch the Ren & Stimpy show, to make under-leg noises during the good scenes, to wear unwashed lederhosen every single day of the rest of my life ! That's it ! You're in our secret club. All right, Stimpy. They're okay. Show them the stuff. Congratulations-- oh, shut up and show 'em. I'm showing 'em, I'm showing 'em ! Okay, kids. It's time for a secret cartoon. ( announcer ) Who is this stranger from another land ? Why does he walk among mortal men ? What is his mission ? Where can we get a pair of undershorts like his ? Who is this man of toast, and what does he want from us ? What is his dark secret ? Shut up ! If you ask me one more stupid question, I'll tear your skin off ! Disguised as pastor toastman, the cool youth deacon, powdered toastman works his day job as a government clerk. Only powdered toastman's faithful assistant knows his dark secret. Excuse me, father. But there's a distress call on your toastometron communicator. Thank you, my lovely assistant. Will evil never rest ? I hope not. ( man ) Calling Powdered Toastman. Please respond. Come in, Powdered Toastman ! Powdered toastman here. ( chattering ) Mm-hmm... cripes ! I'll get right on it, leave everything to me. Powdered toastman ! And so, powdered toastman is off on another day of heroic adventure. Jiminy ! ( horn honking ) Instantly, powdered toastman... assesses the situation ! Leave everything to me ! This calls for my projectile raisin breath. ( brakes squealing ) ( explosion ) Powdered toastman ! ( crowd ) Yay, powdered toastman ! Yay ! Yay, powdered toastman ! Ha, ha, ha ! It's another distress call ! No time to lose. ( brakes squealing ) Powdered toastman ! Alley-oop ! Danger ! ( laughing ) ( Toastman ) Don't make me come in there. Powdered toastman ! Hey, I'm saved. Leave everything to me. ( growling ) Have a taste of my hyper-Corrosive croutons, arch villain. ( screaming ) Hold on, buddy. You'll be free in a jiffy. But powdered toastman, what about muddy mudskipper ? Hmm, my gosh, you're right. How thoughtless of me. Powdered toastman ! ( laughing ) ( explosion ) Can't hold on ! Wind intensity too strong ! Quick, man ! Cling tenaciously to my buttocks ! Both of them ? ( phone ringing ) Another distress call. ( woman ) Calling Powdered Toastman. Come in. Calling Powdered Toastman. Yeth ? ( chattering ) Yeth ? ( garbled ) Leave everything to me. Listen, something's come up. Sorry, mack, but I've got to attend to something really important. Powdered toastman ! Hello, fellas. What seems to be the trouble ? We're all out of powdered toast. Leave everything to me. I'm sorry, fellas. I almost forgot. ( farting ) My toast particles are dissipating ! That can only mean one thing: a call from Washington. Powdered toastman ! Mr. President, what seems to be the trouble ? I'm caught in my own zipper ! Leave everything to me. Anytime you're ready, Mr. President. Okay, pull. Yow ! Ugh... oh, thank you, powdered toastman. And thus, the president goes into recovery. But what shall happen to America ? Who will run the country ? Leave everything to me. And powdered toastman is sworn into office. I, powdered toastman, do solemnly swear to relieve the American citizens of their basic human rights. ( cheering ) Lovely assistant, take a letter, the letter "m". Furthermore, let's hold off the talks with the Kremlin, until we settle the new three stooges stamp controversy. Personally my vote goes with shemp, although curly is certainly nothing to take lightly. That'll be all, faithful one. Well, I guess that takes care of the day's business. Man, this job is too cushy for me. Brr, it's chilly in here. Ah, here's the problem. The fire's died down. Let's see. Hmm, we need something dry here. Here's some dusty old papers. Ah, that's much better. The end ! Captioning made possible by comedy central Captioned by Soundwriters™ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 