The Ren & Stimpy Show: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show 
 s1e1 - Stimpy's Big Day/The Big Shot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show (1991–1996): Season 1, Episode 1 - Stimpy's Big Day/The Big Shot - full transcript 
 Stimpy wins a competition that takes him to the Big-time in Hollywood. Ren, left at home, begins to miss Stimpy more than he ever would of thought. Will Stimpy, rich and successful, remember Ren and return home? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ( man ) Hey, kid, you want a toy ? Uh-huh, uh-huh. How about a bike ? No. A video game ? No ! Well, okay, you pick a toy. Hmm, I want... log ! Boy, oh, boy. Yes, log. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 All kids love log. ♪ Log rolls down stairs alone or in pairs ♪ ♪ rolls over your neighbor's dog ♪ ♪ what's great for a snack and fits on your back ? ♪ ♪ It's log, log, log ♪ ♪ it's log, log ♪ ♪ it's big, it's heavy, it's wood ♪ ♪ it's log, log ♪ ♪ it's better than bad, it's good ♪ ♪ everyone wants a log ♪ ♪ you're gonna love it, log ♪ ♪ come on and get your log, everyone needs a log... ♪ log, from "blammo". ( clattering, clanging & boinging ) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Look at you, man. You're a full-grown cat, still watching cartoons. Why, you're 3 years old ! Do you know what that is in human years ? Oh, listen to me, man, I'm your friend. Don't you know cartoons will ruin your mind ? Look what it's done to your brain. ( splash ) ( toilet flushing ) ( toilet handle rattles ) ( fanfare on T.V. ) Eee ! Shhh... ( man on T.V. ) And now, kids, it's time for the Muddy Mudskipper Show ! ( Muddy Mudskipper theme music playing ) ♪ Who's the greatest mudskipper of them all ? ♪ ♪ Who can skip through the mud with the greatest of ease ? ♪ ♪ What kind of wonderful guy ? ♪ ♪ Who can crawl like a dog without scraping his knees ? ♪ ♪ Who's got segmented eyes ? ♪ ♪ It's muddy ♪ ♪ mudskipper, it's muddy ♪ ♪ mudskipper, it's muddy... ♪ ♪ mud... ♪ ♪ skipper show ! ♪ And now, a word from our sponsor. The Muddy Mudskipper Show is brought to you by "Gritty Kitty Litter". Friends, do you use Gritty Kitty Litter ? Then you know about its absorbency... its fragrance... it's like the smell of fresh bison ! ( splat ) It sticks to any surface. It's great as a between-meal snack. And how 'bout that wonderful feeling you get when you squish it between your toes ? So, remember, folks, if it doesn't say "Gritty Kitty", it stinks. And now, for all you kiddies at home, I'd like to announce a contest ! We'd like you to write us a poem of 47 million words or less, telling us why you love Gritty Kitty Litter. Whoever writes the best poem will win... ( chattering ) $47 million, a lifetime supply of goat cheese, a 12-hour record set of the top hits of the '70s, but best of all, a trip to Hollywood and a guest appearance on the Muddy Mudskipper Show ! "Gritty kitty ain't so pretty, ( thinking ) But it's really... thick." Well, you're out of your mind. "It fills my cat box, oh, so snug... "it always does the trick. "I like to rub it on my toes "and squish and squish and squish. "It never offends my tender nose... "like a smelly fish. "Its texture is a joy to me, "it's just as smooth as silk. "It makes my little whiskers twitch... it stays crunchy, even in milk. Aah ! "It stays crunchy, even in milk. "I may not be the president, I may not be the pope. "But as long as I have gritty kitty... I shall never mope." ( slurps ) Where are you going ? I tell you, these contests are a scam. Nobody ever wins them, don't be a sucker. But I wanna meet muddy mudskipper. Oh, you ee-diot ! He's just a cartoon character, not real, not flesh and blood like we ! I'm telling you, cartoons aren't real. They're-- they're-- uh, they're buppets ! Eee ! If you put that letter in the box, you're a bigger fool than I thought. I'm telling you right now, you let go of that letter or I'm going to lose all respect for you. Are you listening ? Oh, forgive me, Ren ! Please forgive me ! ( sobbing ) I could not help myself ! Nope, can't, won't forgive you. Nope, nope, forget it. No way. ( Stimpy ) Night, Ren. ( Ren grunts and grumbles ) Uh, listen, Stimpy, I, uh... ( doorbell rings ) ( birds tweet ) Yes, what is it ? Are you Stimpson J. Cat ? Oh, you want Stimpy. Uh, he's in there. Well, would you tell him he's won $47 million ? Right, uh, 47 million, I'll get him. 47 million... dollars ! I'm the cat ! See ? I'm the cat ! ( ripping ) See ? I told you. I'm the cat ! ( yawns ) What's up, Ren ? ( horn honks ) Nothing, rover, go back to your doghouse ! Congratulations, Mr. Stimpy. Your wonderful poem won first prize ! ( crash ) It's my money ! I wrote that poem ! Stimpy cheated ! I always use your stinky old litter. Look how I love it ! ( crunching ) Mmm ! ( car engine starts ) ( car doors slam ) ) ( honk, honk ) Go on, get out of here ! Who needs ya ?! ( sobbing ) Muddy mudskipper ? I can't believe it, you're my idol ! ( gravelly voice ) Yeah, yeah, kid, I know, don't sweat it. Someday you're gonna be big, bigger than me ! Stick with me, kid, I was once a lousy bum just like you. I crawled my way up out of the mud to get where I am. You wanna make it in this world, you gotta adapt. Ever breathe oxygen, son ? ( gasps ) Good, don't start. Me, I'm hooked. Get it ? ( inhales ) Shut up ! ( man ) Five minutes to airtime. Well, kid, this is your big break. You're gonna be great. Ya lousy bum. ( thumping ) ( squeaking ) ( slap ) ( blowing ) ( ding ) ( man ) There's a new face in Hollywood today. It's fresh, it's redundant... let's give him a warm welcome because his whole career depends on this next important message ! Well, I've been-- ( smack ) ( birds tweeting ) Oh, hello ! You're just in time for another one of my breakfast tips. And what have we here ? A brand-new box of cereal. And what's inside ? A prize ! Let's try a little experiment, shall we ? Get your hand out of that box ! How many times do I have to tell you ?! You can't open a new box until you finish the last box ! Do you think that money grows on trees ?! Do I have to-- sounds familiar. Do you know how lucky you are we even have cereal ?! Why, when I was your age, we ate wood and rocks ! Hey ! Cripes, I'm late for work ! Remember, keep your filthy mitts out of that cereal box ! So when you're faced with this problem, do what I do. First, get a big bowl and pour all the cereal in it. Yes ! I can hardly wait to see what it is ! Joy ! It's a muddy mudskipper cereal bowl caddy ! Now, boys and girls, just pour the cereal back in the box, close the lid and... it's as good as new ! Then you put it away and no one will ever know. Join us again for more "Stimpy's breakfast tips". Bye for now ! Man, this is the life. No one to fuss over me, no one to tell me what to do. Why, I haven't bathed in three weeks. Mmm, I wonder if there's any Chinese food left in the fridge. ( scuffling ) ( clinking & clanking ) Stimpy's... catnip mouse. ( crash ) ( squish ) ( choking up ) It's Stimpy's... hairball. ( fly buzzing ) ♪ Memories... ♪ I wonder what the old boy is doing right now. Gritty kitty commercial, take three. Ladies and gentlemen, we're here at your local supermarket to demonstrate the absorbency of gritty kitty litter. ( woman on P.A. system ) Clean-up on aisle 7, please. Clean-up on aisle 7. Now, before we start the test, I'd like you to meet someone. Excuse me, sir, could you come here for a second ? Don't be shy, sir, it's just a television camera. Tell me, Mr. Horse, uh, are you a professional actor ? No, sir, I am a real horse. Thank you. Would you mind stepping over to our isolation booth ? Not at all. Now, ladies and gentlemen, of course we don't expect you to subject your kitty litter to this kind of severe test, but we're out to prove a point. Now, we have here, two cat boxes. One's filled with a popular name-brand litter and the other filled with gritty kitty. Are you ready for the test, Mr. Horse ? Yes, sir, I am. ( zipper unzips ) While Mr. Horse does his duty, let me remind you that gritty kitty also makes an excellent casserole for when those unexpected guests show up. ( bell rings ) Ah, there's the bell. ( organ intro music ) Mr. Horse, are you ready ? Yes, I am. Would you please take a sniff of cat box "a" ? ( sniffing ) And what are your feelings about that, Mr. Horse ? No, sir, I don't like it. Now would you try box "b" ? ( sniffs ) Why, I don't believe it ! I can't smell a thing ! Well, friends, there you have it. If gritty kitty can do that for a horse, think of what it can do for your home ! Wait 'til I tell the missis about this. So make sure you use gritty kitty. Just look for me on the label. ( crickets chirping ) ( music box music ) ( footsteps tinkling ) ( air deflating ) ( sighs ) Good night, Stimpy. Aah ! You're haunting me ! ( echoing ) He's talking to pillows, kids. Ooh, isn't that Stimpy, the famous Hollywood cat ? Oh, my gosh, he's looking at me ! Don't be silly, he's looking at me. Ooh, what a hunk. Look at that manly physique. ( thud ) I'll watch some T.V. It'll help me to relax ! ( zap ) ( man on T.V. ) Join us now for "Marshal Stimpy". ( zap ) It's time for "Stimpy, the Jungle Boy". ( zap ) ( zap ) "Sergeant Stimpy of the Klondike." ( zap ) ( bubbling ) "Ask Dr. Stupid." ( tuning signals whining ) ( cheers & applause ) Get your hand out of that pic-a-nic basket, you dusty old cat ! Psst... hey, kid, say your line. Oh-- oh, yeah. Jane, stop this crazy thing ! Well, blow me down. I'm huntin' for a wabbit ! I hate mee-ses to pieces ! ( laughter & applause ) Hey, kid, you did all right. Ya lousy bum. Well, what's the matter ? ( whimpering ) Hey, kid, I don't get it, you got it made. You got $47 million, you got my T.V. Contract. What more could you possibly want ? I want Ren ! ( sobbing ) ♪ Who's the greatest mudskipper of them all ? ♪ ( doorbell rings ) ( squeaking ) ( sweeping, orchestral music playing) Pal ? Buddy ? Pal ! Buddy ! What did you do with all your money ? I gave it all away. For-- for me ? For you. ( sniffles ) You gave away $47 million ? !! You... you daft, bloated ee-diot ! You worm ! You-- you stupid... ( groaning in frustration ) Uh, boy, Stimpy, we sure had fun today, didn't we ? So long, kids. Come on, Stimpy, say good-bye. Uh, where are we going ? The show's over, see you next time. Next time ? When's that ? Pretty soon, don't worry. Pretty soon ? How long is that ?! In a little while, man. ( sobbing ) A little while ? What'll we do 'til then ? Why, you could, uh, shampoo the rug eat your creamed asparagus... bleah ! ( sobbing ) ( ding ) You could keep yourself busy with this ! Oh, joy ! ( ripping, pouring & crunching ) Uh, good-bye, folks. Uh, good-bye, folks ! Captioning made possible by comedy central Captioned by Soundwriters™ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 