The Ren & Stimpy Show: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show 
 s2e2 - Ren's Toothache/Big House Blues - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show (1991–1996): Season 2, Episode 2 - Ren's Toothache/Big House Blues - full transcript 
 Ren learns the benefits of dental hygiene the hard way, as he refuses to listen to Stimpy's advice on brushing your teeth. Then Ren and Stimpy are tossed in the pound, where they discover the true meaning of 'going to sleep'. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ( crickets chirping ) ( snoring ) ( scraping ) ( drilling, scraping ) ( squirting ) ( drilling ) What are you doing, man ? Duh, I am brushing my teeth, Ren. Boy, what a waste of time. You'll be sorry when all your teeth fall out. Oh, you're talking kid stuff. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Crazy stuff. I've never brushed before, and I'm not about to start now. Well, maybe you should, Ren, if you want to have a nice smile like mine. Eeeee... ( Nbc jingle plays ) Ah, big deal. I'll show you a smile. ( bubbling ) ( snoring ) Ohh ! Stimpy. My tooth... it hurts ! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Why, Stimpy, why ?! There, there, now. I know it hurts. Why does it hurt ? Did I ever tell you the story about the tooth beaver, Ren ? Tell me a story. Well, you see, Ren, inside every mouth there are teeth, and wherever there's teeth, you'll find the tooth beaver. And where you find the tooth beaver, you'll find a nerve ending. ( growling ) Now, your nerve endings are the tastiest part of your body, and your tooth beaver knows this. ( screams ) Ohh-ho. Well, hello, Ren. I guess you're ready to brush your teeth with me tonight. Oh, no, you don't. I told you before, brushing your teeth is for humans. Kid stuff. Crazy stuff. ( drilling ) ( grinding ) Peeew ! This place is too stinky, even for me ! Oh, man ! ( flies ) Taste... taste... taste... taste... taste... taste ! Cripes ! What is that smell ? Oh, gee ! ( coughs ) Man ! I don't know, man, but it's ruining my meal. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey ! We're trying to eat here ! And you stand here, airing out your stinky old gumholes ! What are you trying to do ? Make us puke ?! ( sobbing ) What's wrong, Ren ? Stimpy, I've been a fool. I should have brushed my teeth, but now my teeth, they're gone. And all I have left... are stinky holes. Hmm... aw, look on the bright side, Ren. At least you still got your nerve endings. My nerve endings ? What good are they gonna do me ?! Would you like me to tell you a little story ? ( gasps ) A story. If you put your nerve endings under your pillow tonight, the nerve ending fairy... will come and take them away. And she'll leave you hundred-Dollar bills. Then you can buy new teeth ! Oh, Stimpy ! You are my friend. ( crickets chirping ) ( snoring ) ( "Dance of the Sugarplum Fairies" playing ) I smell something stinky ! ( squeaking ) Ah ! Come here, you little rascals. ( squeaking ) Well, time to pay up. Hmm... out of bills. Wait. Here we go. Ball of lint. That's good enough for him. ( rooster crows ) Morning ! Good morning, Ren ! Oh, is it time for my mush ? Oh, Stimpy ! Happy birthday, Ren ! For me ? You shouldn't have. Why... it's beautiful. Go ahead, try it on. Wow ! Oh, Stimpy ! I wuv my new tooth ! Thank you ! ( squeaking ) ♪ What rolls down stairs alone or in pairs ♪ ♪ rolls over your neighbor's dog ? ♪ ♪ What's great for a snack and fits on your back ? ♪ ♪ It's log, log, log ♪ ( announcer ) Hey, kids ! Wait 'til you see what's new from the amazing world of log ! Start heading for the store right now because you can't live without the all-new... puppet show log ! The variable speed electro log... G.I. Log... girls, you'll love baby-Wet-myself log... and you boys will have hours of fun playing fort with frontier log ! Everyone will marvel at the visible log... and invisible log. You'll wanna be the first on your block to sport the new line of log wear ! Like the log helmet... and snug fitting log underwear for petite... and portly sizes. Rush to buy the new log lunch box. Learn about nature with the anatomically correct log... and visit distant worlds with the log of tomorrow ! And, boy, will your friends' eyes bug out of their skulls when they see your new super deluxe ultra log ! Hurry, rush to the store 'cause supplies can't last on products this good ! ♪ It's log, log ♪ ♪ it's big, it's heavy it's wood ♪ ♪ it's log, log ♪ ♪ it's better than bad it's good ♪ ♪ everyone wants a log ♪ ♪ you're gonna love it log ♪ ♪ come on and get your log ♪ ♪ everyone needs a log ♪ batteries not included. ( narrator ) Now, believe it or not, I've been known to lie. But this here's a true story. The desire for food sometimes makes strange bedfellers. And that's where Ren Hoek and Stimpy come in. That's Hoek, you idiot. Not hoooke. Natural enemies in the wild, the cat and the asthma hound chihuahua have united in the face of adversity. Now, old man hunger was just a-Gnawing at their bellies. Why, heck, even a dad-gum crust of bread could look mighty appetizing. Excepting, of course, if it happened to be some other feller's lunch. And old man pigeon wasn't about to give up his meal. ( thunder ) Well, it looks like old man lady luck just about run out on these two fellers. But always remember, when the black, hoary clouds of despair darken your doorstep, look for that one ray of hope, come a-shining down from above. ♪ Hallelujah ♪ hot diggity dog ! I filled my quota for the day ! ( man ) You boys are gonna like this place. We're gonna have a lot of fun here. You boys like to have fun, don't you ? Yeah, sure. Fun. Anything you say. Go ahead, have fun. See if I care. Yeah ! This is the life. A square meal a day, a roof over your head. What do you think, boys ? Yes, food, shelter. Yep, nothing can go wrong here. Take it from Phil ! Hey, jasper. Where are they taking Phil ? He's going to sleep. ( yawning ) Oh, great. I could use a nap myself. ( snoring ) ( rooster crowing ) Oh, my darling. My little cucaracha. I kiss your sleep-encrusted eyes of morning. I caress your large, bulbous nose. Let us join lips in one final sweet exchange of saliva. ( screaming ) I've been poisoned ! I must wash myself. What's the matter with you, man ? Have you no sense of hygiene ? Hey, jasper, where's Phil ? I told you, they put him to sleep. So wake him up ! You don't wake up from the big sleep. The big sleep. The big sleep ? The big sleep ? The big sleep ? ( crying ) What's the big sleep, Ren ? It's dead ! Dead, you idiot ! Do you know what dead is ? Just like we'll be, if we don't get outta here ! ( crying ) What ? Don't do it, Ren. I'm covered with hairballs. You filthy dope ! You fat, bloated idiot ! You worm ! You stupid-- mommy, mommy, I want the cute little poodle ! Oh, he's adorable ! I'm gonna take you home and love you and feed you and fix you and kiss you and everything ! ( laughing ) I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive... I'm out of here ! ( grunting ) Stop ! You can't have me, unless you take Stimpy, too. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ! Please, please, god, please ! Mmm... okay ! Oh, just look at you cute little things. What's this ? And do we have a gift for our big, brainless puddy ? Of course we do, yeah. My first material possession ! Oh, joy ! I can hardly wait to try it. ( coughing ) Captioning made possible by comedy central Captioned by Soundwriters™ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 