The Ren & Stimpy Show: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show 
 s2e5 - Mad Dog Höek/Haunted House - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show (1991–1996): Season 2, Episode 5 - Mad Dog Höek/Haunted House - full transcript 
 Convinced that wrestling is all an act, Mad Dog Höek (Ren) and Killer Kodoogan (Stimpy) are thrown into the wrestling ring for a bout against the enormous Lout Brothers, Lump and Loaf. Next, we see the Ren and Stimpy spend "the next twelve minutes" inside a mansion haunted by a shy, depressed and thoroughly non-scary Casper-like ghost. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ( marching band music ) ( audience cheering ) Ladies and gentlemen ! Tonight we have the battle of the century ! The undisputed tag team champ-Eens of the world ! The duo of destruction, the lout brothers, lump and loaf ! ( audience booing ) ( both growling ) ( growling ) ( audience booing ) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And in this corner ! The pitiful pair, the couple of contusions, maddog Hoek and killer kadoogen ! ( audience cheering ) Psst ! Hey, Ren... those guys look big and mean. I think they wanna hurt us ! Don't worry, Stimpy. This is all pretend. Nobody really gets hurt. The match is rigged. We can't lose. We're the good guys. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Y-you mean it's just a game... and we're just pretending to fight ? The bell ! Oh, boy ! Let me at 'em ! Tit, tit, Stimpy. Leave these ruffians to me. ( wheezes ) Duh, have fun with the nice, mean men. Watch me put my famous sleeper hold on him. ( crunch ) ( snores ) ( gasps ) ( audience cheering ) ( clattering ) ( snap ) ( slurping ) ( gunshot ) Tag me tag me tag me ! Please !! ( squeals ) Hi, Mr. Loaf, my name's Stimpy, and I've come to play with you. ( accordion note ) Oh, the humanity of it all !! ( thud ) ( crash ) ( screech ) Hey, Ren ! Pretendin' to rassle is the most fun in the whole world ! Come on, Ren, let me tag you, so's you can play ! No, n-no. That's okay, Stimpy. I already had lots of fun. Besides, heh, I wouldn't think of depriving you of such a good time. Gee, Ren, you're such a pal. Always thinking of me first. Well, folks... ( crash ) It looks like lump has the killer in the dreaded backhanded tongue lock ! ( fart ) ( fart ) ( crash ) ( crash ) ( bell dings ) Now lump has tagged loaf, and it looks like loaf is going to administer... a taste of the awful, the insidious... flying butt pliers ! ( audience cheering ) ( farts ) Oh, joy ! ( crunch ) Aah ! ( snap snap ) Aah ! ( crunch ) Oh, dear. I've been so selfish and thoughtless. Here I am, doing all the playing-- ( snap ) Aah ! While my poor pal Ren sits all alone with no one to play with. ( record scratch ) ( gulps ) Oh, boy, Ren. Now it's your turn to play ! Now play nice ! ( announcer ) It looks like maddog has found lump's weak spot ! Waaaaarrraaarrgh ! Aah ! Ow ! Ow-How-how-how ! Oh ! Ooh ! Ooh ! Oooow ! Ohh-ho-ho, boy ! I wouldn't wanna be in maddog's shoes now ! Mm-mmm. ( announcer ) Now the referee steps in to make sure the lout brothers fight fair ! And now the referee checks to see if this is an illegal choke hold ! Well, the ref says everything's kosher ! Heh heh heh. ( car starts ) ( tires screech ) ( crash ) Well, now both maddog and the killer are in the ring taking a beating, and believe me, it isn't pretty ! ( wolf whistle ) ( watch ticking ) ( whispering ) Psst ! Hey, lump... it's time to throw the fight. Duh, okey-dokey, loaf. ( crash ) ( crash ) ( birds tweeting ) ( announcer ) The winners... maddog Hoek and killer kadoogen ! ( audience cheering ) Well, ladies and gents, let's have a word with today's losers. Loaf, what do you think about losing the match ? We louts are angry ! We are sore ! Maddog and killer cheated ! Next time we see you guys, it'll be in the street ! We'll break your bones ! We'll grind you into putty ! We'll tear your faces off ! You haven't heard the last of us ! This is war ! We are generals, you are the enemy ! Beware, maddog ! Beware, killer ! We know where you live ! We know where your parents live ! We will have our revennnnge !! Th-there you have it. And now a word from the winners. Maddog, you've heard the nasty, brutal things loaf said about you. How do you respond to this ? Well, actually, I feel that-- woop ! No ! I wanna holler the loud, funny words ! I like Darren ! He is my friend ! I like you and him ! He likes me ! And I like him ! He likes you ! I hoooope !! Hey, man, I-- I like his autograph ! It is a nice picture ! He... is... niiiice !! ( huffing ) ( ominous organ music ) ( hooting ) ( bats shriek ) Look, Ren. This looks like a great place to kill 12 minutes. You said it, pal. Oh, boy... some hapless victims. I can hardly wait to scare the veins out of them. Watch me put on my most hideous grimace. Excuse me. I must go freshen up. ( gulps ) ( floorboards creaking ) This calls for the direct approach. Say, what's this ? I know-- it's a wood-burning stove. Log ! Watch if you dare. Ah ! Heh heh. Hmm... where are they ? ( dishes shatter ) ( Stimpy ) Uh, Ren, you shouldn't juggle strange people's dishes. ( dishes shatter ) ( stomach rumbles ) I'm hungry, Ren. Yeah, me, too. I could sure go for a sandwich. Yeah... a sandwich. I'll hide in this... bread !! ( bell rings ) What shall we put on it ? How about peanut butter ?! And marmalade ?! Fish eggs ! Fish ! Joy ! Stop !! You selfish pig ! You would eat all of it. ( garbled ) I'm sorry. Think of all the starving yaks out there that would kill for a meal like that. Mehh !! Oh, my father ! Thank you ! Take that. What's he doing, Ren ? A yak always tenderizes his food before he eats it. And that ! Here's one for your old man ! ( yawns ) I'm bushed, old friend. Me, too. Let's go up and wet the bed. Sure... I wonder where it is. Maybe up those hideous stairs. Now's my chance. ( snoring ) Ahh, it's so cozy here. I'm going to sleep like the dead. ( sniffing ) ( record scratches ) Out !! And don't you come back until you take a shower ! ( humming ) Now for a brutal display of pointless, gut-Wrenching terror. ( laughs maniacally ) ♪ Happy, happy joy, joy ♪ ♪ happy, happy joy, joy ♪ ♪ happy, happy hmm hmm ♪ ♪ la la la la hmm hmm ♪ ♪ hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm ♪ ♪ la la la la la hmm ♪ ♪ happy, happy hmm, joy ♪ ♪ hmm ♪ don't forget to wash where the sun don't shine ! Oh, yeah ! ( whip cracks ) It's a good thing I'm already dead. I've had it with this child's play ! I'm going to end this... the only way it can end ! With me... the winner ! ( chain saw buzzing ) Wake up, you pigs !! ( chain saw buzzing ) Look, Ren, a trick-or-treater. He's come to visit us. Isn't he a cute little rascal ? ( Ren and Stimpy ) Happy Halloween ! That's it ! I quit ! Look, fellas, I'm a ghost. I've been trying to scare you guys all through this picture. ( sobs ) But I'm a failure. ( shatter ) ( thunder ) I'm a failure. I couldn't even scare a paranoid schizophrenic. Aw, come on, try again. We'll do better, I promise. Don't patronize me ! It's no use. There's only one thing left to do. I'm gonna end it all. Sweet lord, no ! Are you crazy, man ? You can't do that ! Here, do this. ( gasps ) Acck ! ( gagging ) ( burps, wheezes ) ( angelic chorus ) Man, what a blast ! ( angelic chorus ) I'm alive... killer. ( door slams ) ( car starts ) ( honk honk ) Hey, I'll see you on the next shot. Ahh ! ( laughing ) ( tires squeal ) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 