The Ren & Stimpy Show: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show 
 s1e2 - Robin Hoek/Nurse Stimpy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Ren & Stimpy Show (1991–1996): Season 1, Episode 2 - Robin Hoek/Nurse Stimpy - full transcript 
 Ren Hoëk becomes "Robin Hoëk" in this parody of the Robin Hood legend. Stimpy, however, runs from scene to scene as he takes on the role of every other character. Next, stricken with an illness, Ren is brought back to health through Stimpy's unusual nursing practices. In some cases, the cure can be worse than the illness! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ( narrator ) Now let's join Ren Hoek at breakfast time. What ? ( wobbling ) I'm all out of powdered toast. Calling powdered toast man. Come in, please respond ! ( soaring whistle ) Powdered toast man ! ( both ) Powdered toast man ! Hello, fellas. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ( squart ) Out of powdered toast again ? Leave everything to me. ( scraping ) Just look at those eyes light up. ( squart ) Isn't he wonderful ? Why, he's toasterrific. ( both ) Just like powdered toast. Don't run out of powdered toast at your house. From primo. And please bless grandma and grandpa. And please give me a million dollars and a fridge with a padlock 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and, heh, oh, yeah, huge pectoral muscles. But most of all, please watch out for my best pal Ren. He's not strong. ( both ) Amen. ( yawns ) Will you button me, Ren ? Sure thing, pal. Good night, Stimpy. Good night, Ren. ( snoring ) What is it, man ?! Will you read me a bedtime story ? "Read me a bedtime story" ? Read it yourself ! Oh, this looks wonderful. Uh, once upon a time, deep in the logwood forest, there lived-- uh, let's see. Who lived there ? Oh, yeah, robin Hoek ! ( snoring ) ( Stimpy ) Now, robin was a brave hero. And he wore the finest green leotards, but we'll forgive him, for he was the finest archer in all the land. And with his trusty bow, he would shoot a-- what did he shoot ? Oh, yeah, he shot A... a melon into the air ! ( whistling ) Yeah, that's it. No, no, it wasn't a melon. Uh, what the heck was it ? Oh, yeah ! It was a chicken ! ( clucks ) ( blows a raspberry ) No, wait, it was A... moose ! Now, robin didn't prance around in the woods in his underwear alone. Heavens, no ! He had a band of merry man. First, there was friar chuck. A handsome fellow, indeed. And then there was little brain. And, of course, there was ransack the elder. And elkhorn the downtrodden. But most beloved of robin was the lovely maid moron, who dwelt in a castle far across logwood forest. ( panting & wheezing ) Oh, you know what, I completely forgot. The last merry man. The loyal will truncheon. Robin and his band of man were robbers. ( screaming in the distance ) They would rob from the rich and give to the... cheerleaders. That's not it. Let's see... they would rob from the rich, and give to the criminally insane. No, no, no. They robbed from the rich and, uh... gave to the poor. ( dinging cash register ) And woe be to the rich that dared to enter logwood forest. Reachest, thou, for the sky. Yay. Stickest them upest. And they robbed the evil prince. And they robbed his evil wife. And they robbed his evil cow. ( mooing ) Meanwhile, in the castle, the lovely maid moron was being held prisoner by the evil sheriff of, um... dodge city. So robin flew to her rescue. But the castle was surrounded by a big moat, which robin had to cross. But was he scared ? No way. He was all naked and rarin' to go. He just dove into that water lickety-split. ( splashing ) But it was a dangerous moat. ( popping bubbles ) Swarming... with ferocious... man-eating... blood-Thirsty... monks. Aaaaah ! ( honking horn ) Cripes, man, let's beat it ! ( teeth chomping ) ( splashing ) ( growling and barking ) ( chattering ) Once outside the tower, robin gazed up at his fair damsel. He harkened unto her. "Hark, hark, harkened he." Oh, fairest maid moron, let down thy silken hair, thateth I may climb of it. ( whistling ) ( music swells ) My hero ! Huh... ( sniffs ) ( snorts ) But, alas, lovers bliss was not to be had so easy. Nay, for there at yon door stoodst the evil sheriff. But robin was alert. In a sprig, he unsheathed his... his, uh, well, what did he unsheathe ? Oh, yeah, his turkey baster ! And thrust a generous portion of giblet gravy unto he. Thou hast besquirted me, oh, leotarded one. The maiden be thine. Together at last, they were married. Thou may kisseth the bride. ( smooches ) Aaaaah ! Thank goodness it was only a dream. ( ringing bell ) ( snoring ) Ahhhh ! ( man screams) ( electronically distorted ) At last I have control of your Tv set. Are you receiving me ? Welcome to our secret headquarters. Thousands of miles below the earth's crust. Shut up, you fool ! How do we know we can trust... them ? We could make them take the oath. Perfect, the oath ! Put your hand on the Tv screen and repeat after me: I do hereby promise only to watch the Ren & Stimpy show to make under-leg noises during the good scenes to wear unwashed lederhosen every single day of the rest of my life ! That's it. You're in our secret club. All right, Stimpy, they're okay. Show them the stuff. Uh, congratulations... shut up and show them. I'm showing 'em, I'm showing 'em. Okay, kids. It's time for a secret cartoon ! ( birds chirping ) ( ticking ) ( ringing ) Oh, joy of joys ! Another beautiful day. Smell that fresh air. It's so invigoratin'. Yes, sir, I sure feel great today. Fit as a fiddle. Don't you, Ren ? Ren ? Ren, you don't look so good. Oh, my ! Oh, dear. Oh, fudge ! Speak to me, Ren. You're making me sad. ( whimpering ) My... friend. Don't worry, ol' buddy, I'll take care of you. Nurse Stimpy to the rescue ! I, nurse Stimpy, do solemnly swear by the sacred bed pan to fix the patient, and ease his wretched suffering even until all hope is gone. Now, just relax, and don't worry about a thing. I'm just going to perform a few tests. ( unzipping ) Now, open wide, Ren. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-mm. Heavens, I don't like the looks of that ! Now, let's have a look at those glands. Say, "ahh." Ahh ! Oh, my gracious. It's worse than I thought. I better perform some more tests. Okay, let's check your blood pressure. ( pumping ) Well, that looks normal. It's time for your medicine, Ren. Now open up. ( flowing steadily ) Ahh. Get on with it, man. Patience now. You must have the correct dosage. All righty, open wide. Ahh... ( grunts ) Now swallow every little drop. Isn't it tasty ? Mmm, mm-hmm. ( laughs ) ( choking ) ( alarm wailing ) Man ! That's some icky-Tasting stuff. What is that anyway ? ( crash ) Okay, Ren, time for your daily spleen cleansing. ( sniffing ) ( boat horn blows ) ( chirping seagulls ) Why, Ren, you haven't washed in weeks. What you need is a nice sponge bath. ( creaking ) Aw, you're all sticky with filth. ( nonsensical singing ) Okay, now, take off your fur. Oh, no, forget that stuff. Come on, don't be stubborn. Now, Ren, are you going to take off your fur or do I have to ? ( whimpering ) Back up, man ! Just you... back up. I can do it. That's a good boy. Was that so bad ? Now, isn't that nice ? ( dripping ) ( scraping ) You know, Stimpy, this is not so bad. In fact, I feel better already. You're so good to me. But it is kind of embarrassing. Oh, pshaw. No one will ever see you. ( gasps ) My, you're looking chipper this morning. Look, I brought you your breakfast in bed. I don't deserve you. Mmm, my coffee. Uh-uh-uh. ( clattering ) I brought you your paper, too. I know how you like to read your paper at breakfast. God bless you, Stimpy. I'm sorry I'm all the time mean to you. ( sipping ) Aah ! Oh, no, a total relapse. ( teeth chattering ) ( snorts ) ( coughing ) ( bubbling ) ( beeping ) ( pumping ) ( slurping ) ( screaming ) ( birds chirping ) ( pop ) Why, I... I'm better ! I feel like a million bucks. Ha ha ha ha ha ! Stimpy, look, you did it ! You cured me ! Stimpy ? Stimpy ? Oh, my gosh, what's wrong, man ? Why, you're sick. You're sick ! Don't worry, I'll save you ! Now it's my turn ! Nurse Ren to the rescue ! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ! ( gulps ) Oh, boy, Stimpy, we sure had fun today, didn't we ? So long, kids. Come on, Stimpy, say good-bye. Uh, where are we going ? The show's over. See you next time. Next time ? When's that ? Pretty soon, don't worry. Pretty soon ?! How long is that ? In a little while, man. ( wailing ) A little while ? What'll we do 'til then ? You could get your teeth drilled. Or read a book. ( whimpers ) ( wailing ) ( ding ) Wait a minute, I got it. You could play with your magic nose goblins. Yay ! Picked them myself. Captioning made possible by comedy central Captioned by Soundwriters™ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 