Designing Women: Season 1, Episode 18 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Designing Women 
 s1e18 - Oh, Suzannah - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Designing Women (1986–1993): Season 1, Episode 18 - Oh, Suzannah - full transcript 
 Suzanne becomes the foster mother to a Vietnamese boat girl for a month while the papers for her adoption by a Birmingham couple are being cleared. However, they become so attached that they don't want to split up. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ [theme] Mary Jo, why don't you take a look at this? Here's a guy who's been kidnapped by terrorists. What I don't understand is when these guys get kidnapped, they look like professors, with dorky haircuts and glasses. Then when they get released, they have beards, and they're all rugged and sexy. They're hot, you know? Then the state department gets a hold of them. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 When they're released, gives them haircuts, makes them look like dorks again. It's a national disgrace, isn't it? Julia, I told you, I don't want to talk about it anymore. Suzanne, I don't think you have any idea what you have just done here. Becoming a foster parent, even if it is for just a month, is a serious responsibility. Who's becoming a foster parent? I thought you were at Reese's signing legal papers. Well, we were. But while we were there, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Reese's partner, Burton Riffle, asked if we just might happen to know anybody who would like to keep a little Vietnamese boat child for a month. He's representing this couple in Birmingham who's adopting her. But there are some legal problems, and they can't have custody of her for four weeks. So Suzanne just pipes up and offers her services, like she's been doing this all her life. Julia, for your information, I've probably raised more pets than anybody in this room. You mothers are all like. There's nothing mysterious about raising kids. They're just like adults, except they're smaller. Right. The most incredible thing of all is this little girl is arriving today. What... you mean today, like in, today? You got it. Well, so, that's no big deal. I'll just call Consuela up and tell her to cook something real nice. Maybe some goose over pâté and duck with peppercorns. Good choice. I know those are two things that my children just can't get enough of. Have they called yet? 30 minutes ago, they were on their way from the airport. Where have you been? Well, I thought I should have a present for Li Sing, so I got her this briefcase. Suzanne, kids don't carry briefcases. They have backpacks. I mean, this is so big and heavy. So, I'll get her a little luggage wheel. She can pull it to school. They're here. Burton's car just pulled up. Oh, my gosh. I haven't even checked my makeup. I'm going to be in the bathroom. - Y'all just stall for me. - [doorbell rings] Okay, now, let's not all come at her at once. Hello, everybody. Hi, there. Hi. Y'all come in and sit down. Now, Li Sing, this is Julia. Hi, Li Sing. My, that's such a pretty dress. Is it new? Yes, my missionary mom made it for me. I'm a First Baptist. You are? You are? Isn't that something? So am I. Hi, Li Sing, I'm Charlene. I know a lot of songs. - I know "Jesus Loves Me." - That's great. We're gonna have to go to church and sing up a storm. Hi, Li Sing. My name's Mary Jo. - Hi. - Do you know what? I have a little boy named Quinton and a little girl named Claudia. We just can't wait for you to come over to our house and play. [Burton] Oh, there you are. Suzanne, this is Li Sing. Oh, I know who this is. Well, I've just been waiting for you all day. So, how are you, Li Sing? Mama! I know a song about you. You do? What is it? ♪ Oh, Susanna ♪ ♪ Don't you cry for me ♪ ♪ I'll be coming back from Alabam ♪ ♪ With a banjo on my knee ♪ Well, that's very good. No wonder they call you Li Sing. Come on over here, honey. Finish up your hot chocolate. I like that sparkly stuff on your pajamas. You do? Well, maybe I'll get you some. Oh, for crying out loud, my soul and body. Looka there. Chipped my best nail. Wow. Where did you get all these crowns? I won them in beauty pageants. You must be the prettiest woman in the world. Well, I like to think so. Can I wear one? Well, sure you can. Let's see, I'll pick you out a real nice one. Now this one, here, I got this when I was Queen of the Azalea Festival. Wow. Is this your family? Uh-huh. Let's see. That's my mama with Julia when she was little, and that's my mama with me when I was little. And that's Julia's son Payne, and that's our grandmother. My family is in heaven. They are? Mmm-hmm. Everybody went to heaven together, but me and Noni. Well, who's Noni? My little brother. He died at the orphanage. But I know he's in heaven now, too because he played Baby Jesus in the Christmas play. Well, if I'm going to be taking you to school tomorrow, I guess we'd better be getting to bed. You sure you want to sleep with me? I'm sure. Oops, for crying out loud, my soul and body, I'm sorry. Oh, honey, that's all right. Consuela will clean that right up. Come on. "Dear little one, I wish two things... To give you roots, to give you wings." My grandmother gave that to me when I was about your age. What does it mean? Well, it means... Well, it's a little hard to explain, but you'll understand when you're older. You come on, get into bed. Okay. Oh, honey, you can't wear that to bed. It's going to be uncomfortable to sleep in. Oh, please? I promise, I'll be careful. All right. But now, you got to lie on your back if you're going to sleep in a tiara. Not that I ever have. They grow up so fast when you have a birthday party every seven days. Okay, I know y'all think I'm going overboard with this, but I only have a month to make an imprint that'll last a lifetime. Suzanne, I, for one, think that you're getting too involved with this child. I just hope you're gonna be able to give her up next week. Oh, Julia, Just because I've enjoyed having Li Sing around, - doesn't mean... - [doorbell rings] doesn't mean that I want to take her to raise, for crying out loud. I mean, I have a very full life of my own as it is, thank you very much. Besides, we haven't gotten that close, anyway. Hi, sweetheart, how's my little pumpkin? Fine. Mwah. Mwah. Did Consuela pick you up on time? Uh-huh. Guess what? I made an "A-" on my spelling test. Oh, well, that's just great. What's the minus for? I misspelled tractor. The teacher said the "O" was an "E". Well, I can't believe that. Looks like an "O" to me. Doesn't that look like an "O"? That could be an "O". Could be? That is an "O". I can't believe she counted off for this. What do you need to know something like that for, anyway? It's not like you're gonna grow up to be a tractor driver or something. Why can't they teach you something useful, - like how to spell "pantyhose"? - [door opens, closes] - Hey, everybody. - Hi, Anthony. Anthony! Excuse me, Suzanne, have you seen Li Sing? [laughs] I'm Li Sing. Well, I can't believe it. You look just like Suzanne. I know. Well, it's a good thing you straightened me out, because I might have given this to the wrong person. Thank you. Okay, we can open Anthony's present later. First, I want you to open this one. Okay. Wait till you see this. It's from me. You're gonna love it. Do you know what that is? MasterCharge! I feel so foolish. I bought a doll. Li Sing, what do we say when we use our credit card? Charge it! Suzann, I think we're gon' have to have a little talk. Excuse me, but I'm delivering a pony out back. A pony? I got a pony? Yay! You weren't supposed to say it out loud. It's a surprise, for Pete's sake. It's pretty disgusting, isn't it? Really? A credit card for a kid? No, her limit. It's bigger than mine. Yeah, just be glad you have one. How you think it makes me feel? I don't even have a credit card. You don't have a credit card? Well, I did have one until the accident. What accident? I accidentally gave it to a store clerk who called in for approval. Oh, for Pete's sake, come on! You have to come see my pony! In a minute, now, Li Sing. But first you have to blow out your candles before all the ice cream melts. Suzanne, this thing is getting way out of hand. She is never gonna want to go with those other people next week. Julia, not now. It's Li Sing's birthday. You go ahead, honey. You make a wish. What should I wish for? Anything you want. I wish... I wish I could stay with you forever. Julia, have you said anything to Suzanne about, you know, Li Sing? Yes, I have. I was over there last night at a picnic in the backyard. Of course, it's a little difficult to prove a point about spoiling a child while bobbing up and down on a merry-go-round. You know, I don't know why more people can't raise their kids the way Andy Taylor did. I don't think I know Andy Taylor. Oh, sure you do. Andy Griffith on the "Andy Griffith Show." You know, Opie had to work for everything he got. When he did make a mistake, or he wanted to do something stupid, Andy never just came right out and said no. Like the time Opie wanted to move out when he was 11 and get his own place. Well, Andy helped him save his little allowance, which, if I remember right, at the time was 50 cents a week, and Andy put that money in the bank. So instead of having a big fight about it, Opie's all the time thinking that someday he's gonna own this house. Even though Andy knew full well what the property values were in Mayberry, and at the rate of 50 cents a week, you'd be 82 before you could even afford the inside of an outhouse. You know, when you get right down to it, Andy tricked Opie. I wish I hadn't started this. Now I'm upset. - Hi. - [Charlene] Hi, you two. - [Anthony] Hey. - [Mary Jo] Hi. We just stopped by on our way to the zoo. Well, actually, Li Sing was upset because she forgot her little Teddy Ruxpin. There he is. Hey, wait a minute. Are you talking about this bear? Unh-unh. This is my bear. This is a personal friend of mine. We ride to work every day, we dress alike, we even have the same hairdo. [laughs] This is my bear. - Oh, she's a cold woman. - [telephone rings] Sugarbaker's. Yes, she is. Just a moment, please. Julia, it's for you. Thank you. Hello. Yes, Burton. Yes. As a matter of fact, Suzanne and Li Sing are here right now. You know what, Li Sing? I have an ice cream sandwich over there in that refrigerator. - Would you like to take it with you? - Yes. Yes, what? Yes, ma'am. Bad manners are worse than having no money. Oh, no. It hasn't been a month yet. Well, couldn't they just... Oh, okay. Yeah, I understand. I'll tell her. Bye. Well, the papers have been approved. Li Sing's parents are coming tomorrow. I wish I could stay with you. I know, but you can't. We've been all through that. I wish I could stay at this school. I like this school. And there's this girl named Dora Maude, and everyday in the lunchroom, she says, "Hey, Li Sing, you gonna get you another big old biscuit?" She's so cute. I just love the way she talks. Well, you're gonna make a lot of other new friends you'll like just as well as the one you've made here. I don't want to make new friends. I want to stay with you. Oh, go on. You're just saying that 'cause I give you presents. No, I'm not. If you let me stay, I'll give all the presents back... except maybe for the pony. You're getting to be more and more like me every day. Well, tomorrow's a big day, so you better get into bed. Okay, but I have to say my prayers. Oh, right. Dear God, thank you for Jesus. Thank you for Suzanne. Please let me stay here, but if I can't, then please help these people get my pony to Birmingham. Amen. Good night, Suzanne. Good night. I love you. I love you, too. Well, I just can't imagine what's keeping Suzanne. She's always late, but never an hour and a half late. Well, tell me, Mr. Shelton, how long have you been a shoe salesman? That is something that has always fascinated me. [telephone rings] I'll get it. Hello. Julia, it's Suzanne. Yes, I recognize the voice. Well, we just stopped off at Kendall's for lunch, and, well, Li Sing's been playing their video machines, and she's just racking up free games like crazy. What's the problem? Well, the problem is... I don't want to bring her back. I'll be right there. Li Sing, it's all right. It's going to be all right. Now would you please go over there and play the video games a little bit more? I want to talk to Suzanne. Okay. Don't cry. I'll be right back. Well, I sure made a mess of things this time, didn't I? Not yet. In a few more hours, they'll be talking kidnapping. I wish I'd never met her. She thinks I'm wonderful. She even loves my cooking. You don't cook. Well, I know that, but she doesn't. Li Sing's the first person who's... ever loved me just for me. She's not the first. She's the third. What, do you mean my ex-husbands? No, silly. Mother and me. We love you just for you. Yes, but you don't think I can do anything. That's not true. I just said I didn't think you were cut out to be a mother. You mean, unlike the 4 billion other women on earth? Thanks a lot. But you do something nobody else can do. What? I don't know what it is, exactly, that you do. I just know nobody else is doing it. Or can do it like you do. You giving away your pillow? Yeah. I wanted Li Sing to have it, since I'll probably never have a little girl. I think Grandma would like that. Yeah. I remember when she made these for us. Roots and wings. We sure got our share, didn't we? Suzanne, I'm gonna say something pretty harsh, but I'm saying it because I love you. Just once in your life, don't put yourself first. I'm not, Julia. I'm thinking of Li Sing. No, you're not. You're not thinking at all. You know in your heart that she's better off with this couple. If you truly love her like you say you do, give her wings. I just didn't expect to fall in love with her. I know you're right. I know. Okay, I'll do it. I'm so happy for you. Why? Because... now you know what it feels like to be a mother. "It is my pleasure to give you my treasure." Oh, look, Bill, isn't this a beautiful card? I'll say. She made it for you last night. And she wrote the poem herself. As you can see, both "pleasure" and "treasure" are spelled right. This from a person they said couldn't spell "tractor". Very impressive. Bill, it's getting late. If you're going back to Birmingham tonight, - you better get going. - I'm awfully sorry we kept you waiting so long. Well, that's all right. [crying] I'm just glad we finally have her. Look, Suzanne, a linen hanky. That's a mark of good breeding. - Uh, Rosalind? - Uh-huh? Well, there's a few things I forgot to put on that list of instructions I gave you. Well, that's all right. We do have other children. Oh, I know, but these are special for Li Sing. You see, if you have any silk sheets, well, she's just crazy for them. Also, we have hot chocolate every night, and there's a little tiara in one of her suitcases that she likes to sleep in. Thank you. I'll remember that. Oh, and she just loves a little caviar on a saltine just before bed. But, uh... we can talk later. I'll give you a call. Oh, please do. We'd love to hear from you... I think. Well, I guess this is good-bye. Thank you all again for everything. Good-bye, Suzanne. Good-bye. Go. Just go. You know, this is a beautiful card. We just might have to frame this. No one told me that you could draw so well. I sing, too. No. What can you sing? - Lots of things. - Yeah? Like what? Well... like... ♪ Oh, Susanna, don't you cry for me ♪ ♪ I'm coming back from Alabam ♪ ♪ With a banjo on my knee ♪ ♪ Oh, Susanna, don't you cry for me ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 