Designing Women: Season 1, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Designing Women 
 s1e20 - Seams from a Marriage - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Designing Women (1986–1993): Season 1, Episode 20 - Seams from a Marriage - full transcript 
 The ladies are overwhelmed by their latest clients: an ultra-rich couple that lavishes them with gifts and trips. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ [theme] ♪♪ [theme] Oh, I just love this movie. They're showing Dog Day Afternoon on TV this week. Oh, I remember I cried so hard. Al Pacino robs a bank to pay for his boyfriend's sex change operation. You know, what I don't understand is, how come you always hear about men changing into women, but you hardly ever hear about women changing into men? My guess is it would be too hard to find a donor. Okay. I finished another one. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Now, tell me. What do you think? I think they all look like a police composite of prostitutes. Oh, Julia, you're just jealous because you don't draw or paint. And neither do you. Vlasko says that I have a unique quality unlike anything he's ever seen before. Suzanne, Vlasko is a gigolo from Madrid who sits by Sissy's pool all day sipping margaritas. I'm sick to death of hearing about the Tates. It's Sissy this and Shelby that. Now you're taking art lessons. Charlene is on the phone with her half the day. And Mary Jo seems to have taken up permanent residence. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You know the one who's acting the best? Anthony. Here is somebody just recently out of prison with very little money, who could easily be seduced by the Tates' wealth. But is he? No. Anthony goes out there, delivers the furniture, does his job, and gets out. You don't see him acting all ga-ga. [door opens] How y'all doin'? I know you're thinking, "There's something different about Anthony today, but I just can't quite put my finger on it." Anthony, did you take that armoire out to the Tates'? I certainly did. Isn't that Shelby Tate's hat? It certainly is. He says to me this morning, "Uh, tell me, Anthony, do you like watermelon?" And so I'm thinking, "This is not a good question." I mean, I'm talking to a guy who has got four lawn jockeys on his front porch, and he's asking me if I like watermelon. And suddenly, I see a truckload of watermelon in my future. So I say, "Uh, no, Mr. Tate, "I don't much care for watermelon, but I could use a new pair of tap shoes." Well, that cracks him up. So he takes this hat right off his head and puts it on mine. The dude has got a big head, too. I'll probably shellac it and use it as a waste can. Well, good morning to you. Morning. Is it my imagination, or didn't you have those same clothes on yesterday? I spent the night at Sissy and Shelby's houseboat. I can't believe you stayed out all night with clients! Neither can I. [chuckles] I think I just put my baby-sitter through college. Well, what were y'all doin'? Well, you see, Sissy and Shelby want this special color in their master bedroom, and there's only one place to find it. They call it "Sweet Tate 'R' green." [chuckles] He drove you all the way out to that lake just to look at a life preserver? Oh, no, no, no. We flew in the helicopter. Then they flew up 30 or 40 more of their friends and a country western band and a complete Cajun food buffet. I mean, you should have seen that pile of tails and claws. It looked like some huge biology exam with cloth napkins. Well, you know, I've always felt it was a bunch of bunk that rich people weren't happy. I mean, that's just something poor people made up so they wouldn't feel so bad. Sure seems the rich are having a very good time. Now, may I remind the three of you before you get any more stars in your eyes that this is exactly what's happened to all the decorators who have worked with the Tates. They get drawn into their lives. They start going to parties, accepting gifts, carousing all night. And then they either get fired or quit, whichever comes first. I wasn't carousing. At one point, I did have a party hat on, but somebody put it on my head. First, it's Cajun food and country western music, and then, before you know it, they've taken you over, body and soul. Well, honestly, Julia, I don't see why someone can't enjoy a party without you making it sound like there's some giant pod from space growing in their basement. That's exactly what I was thinking. [chuckles] Anthony, I think the van is ready for a reload. Right. I'm on my way. Do you know somebody actually came up to me last night and offered me $5,000 to redecorate their daughter's dollhouse? Can you imagine? Oh, I would love for us to take a job like that. My favorite thing in the whole world is the house of miniatures at Knott's Berry Farm. They have these two little fleas dressed up like a bride and groom. And then in their little flea house, they have a little flea table and chairs, a little flea bed, little flea teacups, - little flea silverware... - Please, Charlene! We get the picture. Oh, Mary Jo, Mary Jo, did Sissy tell you she's gonna give us all an introductory session with her psychic? This is the same one that Pia Zadora uses and the first one to predict that she'd get out of film. Charlene, I think that Julia's heard enough about Sissy for one day. Oh, all right. Oh, just one more thing. Sissy also has these peasant women in Scandinavia who'll actually grow hair for you! Charlene! Here. And here's my receipt. [clatter] What was that? Oh, it's...[chuckles] It's nothin'. It's a little bracelet Sissy gave me. [chuckles] I didn't want to take it, but she just insisted because I got the toilet on the houseboat unstopped. I don't know. It's just this incredible knack I've always had with plungers. Wait... just... a minute. Are you saying that you accepted a diamond bracelet from her? Julia, I didn't accept anything! She just took it off her wrist and put it on mine. I mean, I didn't mean to keep it. I... I just forgot to return it. I don't even know if it's genuine. Oh, it's genuine, all right. I took that scarab ring she gave me and had it appraised. Now, you should've asked me. I could've told you. I always keep a jeweler's loupe handy 'cause you never know when some unexpected person's gonna force jewelry on you. Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. That's the genuine thing, all right. It's a nice haul. It's not a haul. I'm not keeping it. Well, I should certainly hope not. Julia, if you think you can do better handling the Tates than me, just have at it. Well, all right, I will. Fine. More power to you. As long as you're going, here. You can return the bracelet for me. Along with the matching earrings. ♪♪ [theme] Back so soon. How did it go? Couldn't have gone better. I simply explained to Sissy and Shelby that we want to do the best possible job for them, and in order to do that, we have to maintain a certain professional distance. And they agreed with that? Of course. They didn't have any choice. When I admired their stables, they wanted to give me a horse. I turned them down. And when I refused that, they insisted on taking me to New Orleans for dinner. I just flat-out said no to everything. [knock at door] I'll get it. You see, there's a way of being kind but nevertheless firm, - letting people know who's in charge. - Julia. Your horse is here. ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ I don't know, Suzanne. I really think you ought to talk to somebody about this, you know, the fact that you keep drawing the same face over and over. You know, now that I look at it, it... it's Bambi! You're drawing Bambi! Bambi with bangs, Bambi with a bun, Bambi with barrettes, but it's definitely Bambi! That is not Bambi! I'm much deeper than that. And I would appreciate it if you wouldn't go around saying that when Sissy has my exhibit. Okay, okay, I'm sorry. I for one like Bambi. I've just never seen him in full makeup. [ring] Sugarbakers'. Oh, hi, Sissy. No, Julia's not down yet. You know, she lives upstairs. She's usually down by 9. She... She went to Miami with Shelby? Well, Sissy, I'm sure they had a very good reason. They wanted to eat stone crabs. Now, Sissy, there has to be more to it than that. I don't think Julia'd fly 1,000 miles just to get herself a plastic bib that says, "I made a pig of myself at Stoneseifers." [door closes] Sissy, I gotta go. I'll call you later. - Well? - Good morning. Julia, where've you been? I've just been out for a little morning walk. Look at her. She's lyin'. You can always tell because she keeps her head down like that. We know where you've been, Julia. You were in Miami with Shelby. And I think you owe us an explanation. Well, all right. I did go to Miami, but I can assure you it was strictly business. [Mary Jo] I can see that. I can't believe I still have this on. Fell asleep on the plane. And you got mad at me for wearing a party hat? Up till now, I didn't realize how busy Shelby is, and when you're running an empire, time is money. I still fail to see what this has to do with your going to Miami with Shelby. It is very simple. It's the only time Shelby had to look at the blueprints for his dressing room. Uh-huh. And just how'd you get this bib? Oh. I got that because I ate more crabs than three All-State Insurance salesmen from Illinois who also made it to the finals. You know, Julia, for somebody who thought we were getting too involved with the Tates, it seems like you're getting awfully involved yourself. Yeah. If you ask me, I think Sissy's getting jealous. Jealous?! Don't be ridiculous. Sissy isn't jealous of me. Good morning, ladies. Allow me to introduce myself. Malcolm Box, private investigator. And you're Julia Sugarbaker. Yes, I am. What may I do for you? Well, I was just outside, admiring the Sugarbakers' exterior ambiance, and if you don't mind my saying so, you got a pretty nice one yourself. Get to the point. I see my charm has eluded you. Could you be kind enough to verify that this is you and Mr. Shelby Tate getting on his private jet to go to Miami? Yes, well, I had just tripped on the stairs, and he was trying to help me up. May I ask, what is all this about? Well, you see, I work for Mrs. Tate. And my job is to follow Mr. Tate, and, you know, it's not easy because, as you know, he's got his own private jet and I gotta go commercial. [Mary Jo] Well, ex... What I don't understand is, why do you follow Mr. Tate? Because Mrs. Tate wants to know if he's having any fun. And if he does, I write it down. I record it just in case she wants to use it for any future divorce proceedings. Oh, no! This is terrible! I've been counseling her! I... I wouldn't worry about it. They've been gonna get divorced for the past 16 years. You know, I didn't always look like this. I used to have other clients... a wife, kids. Then I got mixed up with the Tates. You know he's been down the Nile six times? That arctic expedition, that nearly killed me. First my sled broke down. Then the dogs turned on me. Excuse me. I have no intention of signing anything. And now I would appreciate it if you would take your dirty, little briefcase and your dirty, little mind and get out of our nice, clean store. [Box] Okay. But I can tell you that, uh, Mrs. Tate doesn't look kindly on people who don't sign the verification. And I don't look kindly on people who have me followed. I can make it worth your while. I have a better idea. Why don't you take that and buy yourself a new trenchcoat. Hey, if you think I look bad, you ought to see the guy who's following Mrs. Tate. [telephone rings] Not now. You'll have to call back. Well... so much for Sissy not being jealous. Suzanne, don't start with me. I hardly think that I should be blamed because Sissy has an over-active imagination and the bank account to finance it. Well, maybe not, but none of the rest of us went off with her husband for the night. You just went to all the parties and let the gifts roll in by the truckload. Excuse me, but I let you return my diamond bracelet. We, on the other hand, have no proof that you returned your horse! Well, of course I did! You know good and well that Anthony took him back out there. Did you get a receipt? I especially would not be eager to hear a lecture on gift giving from the queen of sucking up to the rich. And just what exactly is that supposed to mean? All right, let's be honest. How many of those has Sissy bought so far? 18. But I don't consider that a gift. I consider that an investment. And I think it's very mean of you to suggest otherwise. - Well, you just called me a horse thief! - I did not! Well, you asked her if she got a receipt. Well, at least I don't have a Rolex watch in the bottom of my drawer. [gasps] How'd you know that? I was looking for my alimony checks. Charlene! I cannot believe you kept a Rolex watch! I... I wasn't keeping it. I was just holding it in detention. - Until when? - Till my conscience got the better of me. That's about four days away. Oh, and you're a fine one to talk, Mary Jo. Your diamond bracelet's worth a lot more than my Rolex. [ring] Get lost! Listen, I'm getting sick and tired of you always going through my drawers. You're always looking for those blasted checks. From now on, you can keep 'em in your own desk! I don't have a desk! Well, maybe Sissy'll buy you one! Now, wait just a minute, Charlene. [all talking at once] Can I just ask you a... Can I ask a question? [All] No! Will you listen to us. Arguing about a bunch of stuff that doesn't amount to a hill of beans, hanging up on customers. Ignoring potential clients who are standing in the middle of our store? What is happening to us? I'm sorry. Me, too. I'm sorry. Me, too. Um... Here. I don't need the watch. I've got Mickey. Okay, I think it's time we made a decision. Are we gonna be in the Sissy and Shelby Tate business? Or are we gonna become the Sugarbakers we set out to be, treating each individual customer, regardless of finances, with the same care, concern, and attention? - "B." - What? The answer's "B." That's right. I vote for "B." Me, too. "B." Well, then I say let's drive right out to the Tates' right now and quit before we change our minds. - All right. - All right. Ah. And we have this wonderful person to thank... Joan Q. Public. How may we be of service to you? I just wanted to use your bathroom. ♪♪♪ What we're saying is, Sugarbakers' is still a small firm, and your need is greater than our supply. You deal in his and her jets, we deal in his and her towels. We have other clients to serve. We can't just fly off to Kansas City or Miami every time you need to see a new fabric swatch. And no amount of Rolex watches or diamond bracelets is gonna change that. So, what do you need? More money? You've given us enough money. We just feel that... That we're in way over our heads. Maybe by infinity. Oh, and, Sissy, I want you to know I really do appreciate the watch and the perfume. You're returnin' the perfume, too? Oh, yeah, but it's got nothing to do with this. See, I just decided last TV season that if John Forsythe is too stupid to tell Linda Evans from an imposter, I can't wear his cologne. Then I guess I'll have to send back the Mustang convertible, then, too. What Mustang convertible? The one I ordered for you. You said you were havin' trouble with your car. Well, I was, but it was just... What color? Uh, navy with a camel top. - Automatic? - Mm-hmm. I was just kiddin'. All of this is your fault, Sissy. If you hadn't had that idiot Malcolm followin' Julia and me, they wouldn't be quittin' now. Well, Mr. Peace Ambassador to the United Nations, you call off your dogs, I'll call off mine. I just want to say that you don't have to pay for my sketches. Unless, of course, you honestly love them. Oh, but I do! Shelby loves them, too! That's right. They remind me of some friends I made in the Navy. We'd better get going. Now, just a minute. Not so fast. I don't mind tellin' you I don't like this one bit. Okay. So, Sissy and I are a little unorthodox. So what? That's what makes things worth gettin' up in the mornin' for. Stirrin' things up. Doin' things a little different. You know. And what's money, anyway? Oh, it's just a bunch of paper that you trade in for things that you want. But if you can't spend it on people you like, what's the point in keepin' it around? That's a very good point. Well, I just can't even stand the thought of y'all quittin'. I have grown to love each one of you. Mary Jo, always so anxious to please. I mean, if I say, "I like beige," she'll say, "Yes, beige is good. Beige goes with everything." Then when Shelby says he hates beige, she'll say, "On the other hand, beige can be incredibly boring." Suzanne with her sketches and the chest that I still don't believe isn't silicone. [chuckles] And that cat-that-ate- the-canary grin. Charlene, my darlin', wonderful new friend. The only woman I know likes to talk on the phone more'n me. I promise I won't let you down. I will find a way to give Waylon Jennings your phone number. They have the same accountant. Sorry about the private detective, Julia. I was conductin' business as usual, but I forgot that you are as unintimidatable as I am. Same soul... different package. [Julia chuckles] Shelby, do somethin'. I can't stand for them to quit. They're our most favorite decorators we ever had. How about it, ladies? You're breakin' Sissy's heart. Can't you stay around a couple of weeks and finish the job? W-Would you promise if... if we did stay to finish the job that things would be conducted in a more business-like fashion? Well, heck, yes. If that's what you want. We were just tryin' to be friendly. No more gifts? No more fights. No more phone calls? You got it. Mmm... all right. It's just for a couple of weeks. Oh, I'm so excited! Come on, let's just get right to work, right in this room. - I've been dyin' to change this... - Now, wait a minute. Just a minute. Hold on. Y'all got at least 36 other rooms to choose from. I like this room the way it is. Shelby, darlin', I've been wantin' to redecorate usin' the colors in this vase. Sissy, this is a gun room. You want to decorate for that vase, we'll build you a vase room. What do you think, Mary Jo? Well, uh... a vase room would be nice. But a gun room is nice, too. You ever think of running for president? Maybe we should pick another room. No, I... I got my heart set on this one, and Shelby's just being a jackass. How can you act this way when we just got through promisin' to be business-like?! Because a man has to draw the line somewhere. And this is my room. These are my trophies. This is my gun... my ammunition. So if I have to, I'll fight to keep it. No, that won't be necessary. We agree. A man's room is his castle. Right, ladies? Absolutely. Well, I don't like anything about it. And furthermore, I am sick and tired of lookin' at things that have been dead 15 or 20 years, and even more sick and tired of them lookin' back at me! So. You're set on doin' this room to match that vase? You bet I am. What's your second choice? Shelby, hon, you're makin' a big mess in here, and I do not appreciate it. I do not like it! What do you propose to do about it? How do you like it so far? Uh, don't bother showing us to the door. We know the way out. I wish you hadn't done that, darlin'. I had a real affinity for that one. Now you went and made me mad. Emergency evacuation now! Run for your life. [Mary Jo] Last one to the car gets Anthony! All I can say, Anthony, is I'm glad you were there to drive the getaway van. Isn't that the truth? We might've been killed. [Anthony] I would've gotten us all to the electric gate if the guard hadn't stopped us. Well, at least we proved that Sugarbakers' doesn't belong to anybody but us. That's called integrity. But you gotta admit... they really know how to say they're sorry. We're trapped. We deserve it. Well, like I always say, there's integrity... and then there's mink. ♪♪♪ ♪♪ [theme] Closed-Captioned By J.R. Media Services, Inc. Burbank, CA 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 