Designing Women: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Designing Women 
 s1e10 - The Slumber Party - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Designing Women (1986–1993): Season 1, Episode 10 - The Slumber Party - full transcript 
 Suzanne believes her maid, Consuela, has put a fatal voodoo curse on her to take effect at midnight. Just in case it comes true, the other ladies have a slumber party at Mary Jo's house. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ [theme] Thank you, Mrs. Gibson, and if that lamp doesn't work, don't hesitate to bring it back. And the four of us will stomp your face in. Julia, you ought to take something for that cold. I've taken everything, Charlene. The only thing left is to have my nose amputated. Hey, you want to see something interesting? - Not right now. - Oh, come on. It'll just take a minute. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm not saying I believe this. Take a look at this picture of the Ayatollah Khomeini. Take away the beard, the bathrobe, and the big hat. Who you got? Eddie Cantor. No, silly, Howard Hughes. What about Howard Hughes? Amazing... mention a billionaire, and her entire body goes on point. Suzanne, take a look at this picture of the Ayatollah Khomeini. Can't you see Howard Hughes? Is this one of those games, like he's hidden in here somewhere? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, never mind. I'm sorry I brought it up. All I know is no one's seen Howard Hughes since he died, and I find it more than a little strange they cropped this picture off right at the ankles. So? So, maybe they don't want you to see the Kleenex boxes on his feet. I didn't say I believed it. What I want to know is with a face like that, where's this Khomeini guy get off making all those women over there wear veils? Well, wearing veils is nothing. They also stone women to death for having illicit affairs. - You're joking. - No, I am not. It was on the news. Don't worry, Suzanne, they'll never do it in this country. There aren't enough gravel pits. Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't even know you were having any illicit affair, this week. I'm not. I'm just a little bit nervous because Consuela put a curse on me. Consuela? As in, your maid, Consuela? There is only one Consuela, only she wants to be called Connie now. She's getting all Americanized. She wears my clothes, plays my records. This morning, when I woke up, she was taking a bath in my tub talking on the phone long-distance. Well, Suzanne, that is absolutely outrageous. Why do you tolerate this kind of behavior? Because I'm afraid of her. She's got all these little dolls, and they have these pins stuck in them. You mean she's into voodoo? Yeah, and she's been threatening me. What kind of threats? Things like, if I don't let her use my electric razor, I will end up living with hobos and begging them to lance the boils on my back. - Pretty nasty threat. - Oh, that's nothing. This morning, we had a big fight. So I said there was a slight possibility I might have to fire her. Because I didn't want to make her mad. But she got mad anyway, and she said I'd be dead by midnight tonight. Why tonight? I don't know, Julia. I guess she figures the sooner, the better. - Where you going? - I'm going to the phone. I'm going to call her up and relieve you of her services. I am certainly not afraid of a little stray pin. - No, wait, you can't do that. - Why not? Because she's pretty good with this voodoo stuff. She put a curse on that president in Haiti... What's his name... Baby Doc, and his wife Michelle. And now they're living in Switzerland without any credit cards. Well, that doesn't have anything to do with voodoo. Oh, no? Well, then, how come she also put a curse on one of my tropical fish, and this morning, he was belly up? What could she possibly have against a fish? She got mad because he wouldn't come over to the side of the tank and rub noses with her. The woman is nuts. Hi, everybody. - Hi, Mary Jo. - Hi. You would not believe the problems I'm having with this job. Julia, I just don't know if I'm the right person. Ooh! What's the matter with her? Consuela put a curse on her. She's supposed to be dead by midnight. Oh. I guess my problems aren't as bad as I thought. Why'd she put a curse on you? Because she doesn't like me. Anyway, could we please just change the subject? Everybody knows that putting a curse on somebody is ridiculous and stupid. But, if by some crazy coincidence I do die tonight, I want you all to make sure she does not get through customs with my hair pieces. I just know she has them hidden somewhere, and it irks me I can't find them. If I were you, I'd just worry about getting through the next 12 hours. [whimpers] Well, I hate to seem so insensitive while Suzanne's life hangs in the balance, but I really do need to talk to you. All right, Mary Jo, what is it? Hintz Westchester... I am at my wit's end. I have done my best to put together what I think is a tasteful bachelor suite, but he keeps adding all these exotic things, like a waterfall in the shower. I don't know how to put a waterfall in the shower. My mind just doesn't run along those lines. I mean, the first time I saw a bidet, I thought it was a drinking fountain for toddlers. Well, maybe I could help. I built one for my prom. You had a bidet at your prom? No, a waterfall. Well, how'd you do it? Well, now that I think of it, it was Gerald Sawler standing on a ladder, waving cellophane. [phone ringing] Sugarbakers'. Oh, hi, Claud, it's Charlene. How are you, sweetheart? That's great. Okay, just a second, your mama's right here. Hi, honey, what you doing? [gasping] Oh, no. Not tonight, Claudia. Oh, you promised you'd remind me about that slumber party. We don't have any groceries, the house is a wreck. Okay. Okay, okay. Just put everything under the beds, and I'll hunt for food. All right. All right. See you later. Bye-bye. Oh, no. Sorry. Julia, how would you like to help chaperone a slumber party for 14 slovenly, unkempt teenagers? And there may be a prize at the end of the evening. Sorry, I'm going to be home draining my sinuses. Suzanne? Oh, I forgot, you have an appointment. You could help till midnight. Oh. It was just a joke. Come on, Julia, won't you reconsider? Remember how much fun slumber parties used to be? No. For some reason, I never enjoyed sleeping on a hard, cold floor and waking up to find my underwear in the refrigerator. Julia was born old. Oh, all right, Mary Jo, if it'll help you out. But I warn you, I'm not going to be good company. Well, if Julia's going, then I have to go. Why is that? Well, I'm certainly not going to die alone. [phone ringing] Sugarbakers'. Oh, hi. Oh, you're kidding. You can't make it? Well, I'm a little disappointed. That's okay, I promise. I'll see you tomorrow. Me too. [giggling] That, too. Yeah. Yeah, you... - Charlene! - I'm sorry. I have to go. Bye. Julia. Charlene, does that call mean that you are now available? - Yeah. - Great. We'll just put the kids in the basement and have our own slumber party. [thunder rumbling] Julia, do you hear that? It sounded just like the thunder in Psycho, right before Janet Leigh got in the shower. Come on, Suzanne, you are completely overreacting to this thing. That's easy for you to say. You don't have a pin stuck through your head. Even if Consuela does have pins stuck in a doll, how do you know that doll's supposed to be you? Because she has my face glued on it. That is a pretty big tip-off. Well, you know, it is kind of weird what just happened. What do you mean? I just told you I couldn't come tonight, then the phone rang, canceling our date. It's almost like somebody wants me to be there. Maybe Consuela wants witnesses. Witnesses to what? To whatever's going to happen. Oh, gee. Maybe on second thought, I don't want to have this thing at my house. Oh, you people are just ridiculous. There is no such thing as voodoo. [scoffs] Maybe not, Julia, but there's some pretty funny things going on around here. For example, it's more than a little strange that this storm has suddenly started brewing up for no good reason. And here we are, all spending the night together for the first time in our lives. And this is the very first time I've worn this sweater with this skirt. Whatever. Anyway, it also just happens to coincide with the night of my appointment. ♪♪ [hums Twilight Zone theme] Oh, stop that. Oh, gee, Suzanne. I'm sorry about that movie. If I'd known it had zombies and shrunken heads in it, I never would've started watching it. Once I get started, I just can't stop. What time is it? 11:04. [whimpers] Only 56 more minutes. Julia, can I come over there and get on that couch with you? No. It makes into a bed, and if you die on it, it'll be too hard to fold out. I'm coming anyway. ♪♪ [hums Twilight Zone theme] What's going on in the basement? They're all asleep, all 14 of them. I counted heads to make sure nobody sneaked out. They sure haven't been any trouble. No. When we used to have slumber parties, we'd play records and dance all night, put ice down each other's pajamas. These kids, they don't do anything. They're so mature. Wait till y'all hear some of these old 45s I dug up. [electrical buzzing] Oh, this is it! I can feel the pin going through my head! - ♪♪ [Sleepwalk] - It's just the stereo. It's a short-circuit. Oh, be still my heart. Oh, my, it's one of my absolute favorite songs. Don't you just love that music we all watched Annette grow up by? Annette who? [all] Funicello! Come on, Julia, get with the program. There is only one Annette. Hey, you know what we ought to do? We ought to pretend we're back in junior high. - Slow dance. - [Charlene snorts] Wouldn't that be fun? Come on. No, my nails are wet. Julia? I don't think so, Mary Jo, but thank you for asking. You didn't ask me. Oh, I thought you're too upset. Okay. Would you like to dance? Usually, I wouldn't, but since I'm a condemned person with time to kill, I might as well. - Who's going to lead? - You can, you're tallest. Put out your hand. Isn't this hysterical? We used to do this for hours. I never did this. I don't recall anybody's breasts being this big. Maybe I'll go downstairs. This party seems to be taking a new turn. Somehow, this doesn't seem quite as much fun as I remember. I'm not having any fun at all. Okay, we can quit. - Thank you. - You're welcome. Can you tell me what time it is? Oh, 11:06. Here. Would you please keep track of your own life expectancy? Hey, I got a great idea. Why don't I go in the kitchen and scramble us some eggs, and we'll have a bull session. - What's that? - Oh, you know, when everybody tells everybody else what they don't like about them. You just have to remember the guidelines. You can't say anything to hurt anybody. It has to be constructive criticism. I think that's the worst idea I ever heard. And I'm the one who's the condemned person. We should be doing what I want to do. I should be having a good time. I should be living my last moments to the fullest. Instead, here I am, sitting around in this old thing, staring at the three of you. Let's start with Suzanne. [Mary Jo] I think what we're trying to say is that maybe you're just a tiny bit too man-crazy. Well, I think it's more than a little tiny bit. I mean, it doesn't matter how old or young, every man who comes into Sugarbakers' gets the same looks and giggles and winks. Winks? You must be joking. I've never winked at anyone in my life. Then you must have a gimp eyelid or something. Now Charlene, we said we weren't going to get mad. Okay, okay, I'm not mad. If there's anyone around here who's man-crazy, it's you. Well, that's true, but in Suzanne's defense, we did agree not to criticize traits which are basically incurable. [Suzanne] Thank you, Mary Jo. Quinton, I want you to take that alligator suit off, and go to bed. Goodnight. Okay. Who's next? Let's do Julia. All right. What's wrong with her? [Mary Jo] Well, she's not very animated. Let's do Mary Jo. All right. You want to go last, that's fine with me. Go ahead, shoot. Okay, well, for starters, I find you indecisive, wimpy, and your hair's too frizzy. I mean, we're talking about the permanent that wouldn't die. I don't know about you, but midnight can't come too soon for me. Well, for my part, Suzanne, you always present yourself as this sexy, attractive person... Excuse me, Mary Jo, but I think we can go a little bit further than attractive. That's just what I'm talking about. You have this way about you that just makes other women feel like eunuchs. [thunder crashing] Well, I certainly don't mean to do that. That's another thing. You always say you don't mean to do that. Well, I don't. I've had trouble with women all my life. I guess I just attract jealousy. Suzanne, we're not jealous of you. We don't want to be you. We just want you to think it's okay to be us. Are you sure you're not jealous? I mean, sometimes I can be pretty stunning. Okay, all right. Maybe I can change. What would you suggest? And keep in mind, I don't have a lot of time. I suggest that there are four attractive women at Sugarbakers', and that there are a lot of guys out there who would pick any given one of us... Darn right, and I suggest you start acting like you know it. Mom, I hate to give you guys another warning, but you're going to have to keep it down. I-I'm sorry. We'll be quieter. Okay. I just hope I don't have to come back up here again. Don't worry, you won't. Mary Jo, I'm sorry I called you wimpy. I was wrong. When it comes to critcizing me, you can be a barracuda. That's just the liquor talking. After about six or seven of those bourbon balls, I get assertive, self-confident. Otherwise, believe me, it would be impossible for me to tell you how deeply I resented you going out with my ex-husband. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all. I thought you said you wished Ted and me well. I did, but I still thought you shouldn't have gone out with him. Well, it didn't last. - That is not the point. - Then what is? The point is that if I had another ex-husband, you would do it again. Oh, I doubt it. The odds are pretty strong against my wanting to go out with two men who'd be married to you. You see, I'm never sure, but I think that's an insult. I think you're right. And I think you owe Mary Jo an apology. And I think you two are unbelievably mean to gang up on me just when it's two minutes to midnight. Suzanne, we're not ganging up on you. I'm just taking up for my friend. Well, that's the whole point, isn't it? The truth is, I know you're not jealous of me. I'm jealous of you. Oh, come on, Suzanne, now don't puddle up. Yeah, we never should have started this. Oh, well, why not? You may as well know, I envy your friendship. I just see the way you and Charlene light up when the other one comes into a room. It's like, "Hey, there's my friend. Ain't she something?" I've never known that. For some reason, women just don't light up around me. Well, that doesn't mean they don't like you. I just want you guys to know that no matter what happens to me in the next 60 seconds, you're the best friends I've ever had. And you mean a lot to us, too. [all] Aww. I can't put my finger on it, but there's something wrong with this picture. - [clock tolling] - Ow! Oh! Oh, it's happening! It's happening! No! [all yelling at once] She's going to hurt me! Aah! It's just a short-circuit. That lamp always does that. Oh, I can't stop hyperventilating. ♪♪ [hums Twilight Zone theme] [screaming] Oh, Suzanne, it's after midnight. You're still alive. I am? I am, aren't I? Oh, I can't believe it. It's over, and I'm still alive. Oh, I can't tell you what a relief. I mean, I was trying to be nonchalant, but I just feel like a weight's been lifted. Yeah, me too. I told you all that voodoo stuff was a crock. Julia, while you were asleep, we've had sort of a breakthrough in our relationship with Suzanne. I was afraid of that when that dancing started. It turns out that she's jealous of us. Oh, well, I wouldn't go so far as to say jealous. Well, that's what you said. I know, but I was under duress. I thought I was dying. But I'm not, I'm alive, and I'm just going to go on living, and laughing, and loving, and doing something constructive with my life. I'm going to visit people in nursing homes. See the orphans and the handicapped. On second thought, maybe I'll just take a middle-income family out to a fancy restaurant. So much for our big breakthrough. I knew it wouldn't last. All right, Julia. You want us to tell you what's wrong with you? No. I know what's wrong with me. I have bad breath. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to kill that Consuela. When I think about what she did to me, I ought to just call her up on the phone and say, "Consuela, guess what? This is Suzanne, and it's after midnight. Ha, ha, ha." I think you ought to work on it a little more. It's not quite there yet. Can I have one of those mints? Help yourself. - Julia, what is this? - Oh. Oh, that's... that's just a little voodoo doll I happen to have lying around the house. I thought you said voodoo was a lot of nonsense. It is. Well, just for the heck of it, I called Clarence Otto at the museum of folk history. And he said the best way to ward off a curse is to put your own curse on the cursor. Or is it the cursee? - So then, this is... - Consuela. You little devil, you. You know, Julia, that is just about the sweetest thing anybody's ever done for me. That was sweet, wasn't it? It sure was. And this is just about the nicest slumber party I've had since I became a mature adult. If you'll excuse me, I think I'll go to bed now. I've got to get my beauty rest. If you don't mind, Julia, I might take the couch here because sleeping on the floor just makes my eyes puffy. Suzanne, did I mention Clarence says taking the little pin out of the little doll leaves you very little protection. On the other hand, sleeping on the floor can be good for your back. Well, I think it's time we call it a night. [Charlene] Me too, I've had it. You're joking. You mean, actually go to sleep? I mean, it's not even time for the minister to give the sign-off sermonette. Oh, come on, Mary Jo, we're tired. We've watched two scary movies, pigged out on popcorn, survived a death threat, and told each other off. I think that's about enough for one evening. [thunder rumbling] Goodnight, everybody. [all] Goodnight, Mary Jo. I hate to ask this, but do you think maybe, just for old time's sake, somebody could put a little ice down my pajamas? [Charlene] All right, you guys... [all talking at once] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 