Designing Women: Season 1, Episode 16 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Designing Women 
 s1e16 - Reese's Friend - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Designing Women (1986–1993): Season 1, Episode 16 - Reese's Friend - full transcript 
 Julia is jealous when Reese cancels six consecutive dates due to work involving a new lawyer at his firm; a young, attractive female one. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ [theme] Julia, I just don't understand why you always have to make everybody at the country club so mad. What happened? Oh, well, what happened is we're having our annual pre-spring ball this Saturday to raise money for The Children's Art Center. Julia was absent from the last meeting and I forgot to tell her we picked the theme of hobo heaven. Hobo heaven? Yeah. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We're all going to dress up like poor people. Is that not tasteless? Well, I thought it was cute. Yes, well that's to be expected for a person who bought a sun visor for a poodle. Anyway, we don't have to worry about it because I got it voted down and now we can wear anything we want. - We? - You know, we. I bought tickets for all of us. After all, it's for a good cause. Julia, I can't go. I don't have anybody to take. I don't know if we can go either. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I think J.D. has to work. Oh, well that's okay. Y'all can go with Hy and me, if you want to. Oh, no. We wouldn't want to do that. I mean, Hy is 85 years old. He wouldn't want us along. Oh, I don't know why not. I mean, we're always having to drag around that blasted oxygen tank. Hey there, everybody. Sorry. I would have been back sooner but I had to pick up a schedule of classes from the junior college. You know, the spring term starts in four weeks and I plan to be on the old roll book. I do wish you'd let me help you with tuition. Uh-uh, Julia. I told you, I'm not taking any extra money from you. I told you I'm going to get a second job. Hey, you know, I thought of a good job you could get at night. - Where? - At the country club. They're having all those spring functions. They always need waiters. I'll bet you could start next weekend. Julia, Anthony doesn't have any training as a waiter. Uh, excuse me, Suzanne, but for your information, for six months, I was the chief maître d' at the Dunbar Correctional Institute for Men. They're not going to count prison experience. It's a big difference between serving society people and dishing out slop for convicts. Well, excuse me again, Suzanne, but you are obviously unaware of the rigorous training I received under the tutelage of Mr. T. Tommy Reed. Well, I give. Who's T. Tommy Reed? T. Tommy was the meanest dude on our cell block. One day he checked a book on table manners out of the prison library. The next day he stabbed a waiter for serving him from the wrong side. You talk about a bunch of dudes getting their "Ps" and "Qs" together. I mean, they were trading in cigarette coupons just to get a look at that book. I used to personally fold Mr. T. Tommy's napkin in a tulip pattern. So don't tell me about waiting tables, Suzanne. I can dish vichyssoise with the best of 'em. Okay, Anthony. Let's go call and get you an interview. Well, all right. Hi, all. - Hi. - Hi, Reese. Well, hi, good-lookin'. Hi yourself, you gorgeous thing. Guess what? I got a new dress to wear for you tonight. Oh, darlin'. I just stopped by to tell you that I can't have dinner with you tonight. I've got to ride over to Marietta and take a deposition. I probably won't get home until late. Oh, well. Well, that's okay. We can do it tomorrow. Oh, boy. [chuckles] I'm going to be working late tomorrow night, too. We're getting ready for a lawsuit. Reese? I didn't realize how late it was. Don't you think we'd better get going? Oh, right. Everybody, this is Shannon Gibbs. - Hi. - Nice to meet you. This young lady's a new attorney in our firm. Oh. Oh, congratulations. - Nice to meet you. - Thank you. Well, we'd better get going. Uh, darlin', I'll call you, okay? Okay. Okay, well, I'll just wait. - Talk to you then. - All right. Well, have fun! Well, isn't that nice? Reese has been so overloaded with work, I'm glad he's finally found some help. Help? Julia, have you lost your mind? That's not help, that's trouble with a capital "T". Suzanne, I don't think Julia has to feel threatened just because someone Reese works with is attractive. Attractive? I think you all been cooped up in here too long. Did you get a look at that body? She has a butt you could serve tea on. Suzanne, I just don't care to discuss it. Anthony? Did you think she was that attractive? No, I did not. She looked to me like her feet were big. Before you go, I want to ask you something. What is this that you wrote here? "Two couch lamps." I think that's supposed to be "Coach lamps". I think you must have read the order wrong. Well, that's because she needs to upgrade her reading glasses. But she's too vain to admit it. I most certainly am not. There's nothing wrong with my eyesight, Suzanne. In fact, it's almost perfect. Oh, it is not. You can't even see small print. Here, read this. - What? - Charlene's book. Well, all right. "Naked, Derrick fell to his knees and wept unashamedly." "Slowly, he explored her as their hips pulsated in dull, throbbing sensation. Hungry, he took her again and again." Well, I think I've proven my point. It's amazing. You can't read order forms, but you can read trash. Where does she get this stuff? She belongs to the Paperback of the Month Club. They only feature people who are throbbing and naked. You are just never going to believe what my psychic just told me! - What? - We're sitting there and we're going through all the usual stuff like, somebody with the initial "B" is wishing me well. I'm not getting enough iron, and I'm going to have trouble with my teeth in the fall. Charlene, is this going somewhere? Yes. Wait, wait, wait. Then, all of a sudden she goes, "Tell me, are you going to some sort of private club this Saturday night?" And I go, "That's incredible." Then she goes, "I don't know how to tell you this, but you're going to meet the father of your children." Can you believe that? How are you supposed to know who he is? It's going to be somebody asks me to dance, and I'll know it when it happens. Well, hello, ladies. [all] Hi, Reese. [Reese] Julia, I... I know you're in a rush, but I'm ready. Darlin', something came up. I'm sorry. I have to take another deposition. You know, this story is starting to need a little work. You can come with us, if you like. - Us? - Yeah. - Shannon's helping me. - No, thank you. I think one babysitter for this girl is quite enough. Now, now, come on, y'all, don't fight. This is not a fight, it's just a misunderstanding. All I did was break a date. Six. Six dates in a row. I may need new glasses, but I am not blind. You've been running around with your tongue hanging out after somebody half your age and insulting me with these ridiculous excuses. The next thing I know, you'll be saying she's your niece. She is not my niece, she's an attorney in my law firm. Come on, you two, don't fight. This is not a fight, it's a misunderstanding. And I don't understand what you're so upset about. After all, I'm still taking you to the dance. - Oh, no, you're not. - Huh? I wouldn't go to that dance with you now if you got down on your hands and knees and crawled across Georgia. Well, then, I guess we're not going because there's not much chance of me doing that. You know what I'm going to do now, Reese Watson? I'm going to go up those stairs, and when I come down, you'd better be gone, or I'm going to call the police and have you arrested for trespassing. You know, Julia, sometimes you just need be taken out and actually horsewhipped. You're not the man that's going to do it. Now get out, and stay out! [sighing] [door slams] What's the matter? Haven't you ever seen a misunderstanding before? Okay. I've got it narrowed down to three dresses. Just keep in mind, whichever one I pick is going to be the first thing my future husband ever sees me in. So this is probably the most important dress of my life. Now Julia, I want your opinion, too. I like all of them. I haven't shown them to you, yet. Oh. I'm sorry, Charlene. I don't know where my mind is. I guess I must be getting old, and blind, and senile. You are not senile, you're just depressed. I want you to go over to that phone right now, and call Reese. Mary Jo, I've told you, I'm not depressed. I have never been happier. You all are never going to believe what I just heard. Reese Watson is taking that Shannon to the country club dance. Well, I've probably been a little happier. ♪♪ [big band] Well, I just cannot believe the nerve of Hy getting sick on a night like this. He's known about this for six weeks. If he needed to have open-heart surgery, he could have had it done then. Oh, leave the poor old guy alone. For heaven's sake, at least he sent his car for us. Shh, Mary Jo. You never should have had those drinks in the limo. They shouldn't put them in those little cans. I thought it was grapefruit juice. Can you see your future husband anywhere? Oh, I like that guy. It figures. He works in the kitchen. Okay, I got all the coats checked. Suzanne's was so big, I think the had to store it in a meat locker. Is my date funny, or what? Oh, no, wait. Now, y'all, there's some very important people at this table here tonight. Now, don't do anything uncouth. Like what? Well, she means, like, you know, picking our noses, drinking out of the finger bowls, passing out. Hello, everyone. I'd like y'all to meet some friends of Julia's and mine. This is Mary Jo Shively, J. D. Shackelford, - and Charlene Frazier. - How do you do? - Oh. This is it. - What? That man coming towards me. He's gonna ask me to dance. He's coming closer. Mary Jo, this is it. This is the father of my children. He went on by. Oh, my word. [Mary Jo whispering] Would you look at that? Yoohoo, Julia. Okay, now. Everybody, let's not make a big deal out of this, okay? Would you stop telling us how to act? Is it loud in here, or what? Mary Jo. Well, hello, everybody. - Hi, Julia. - Hi. This is an old friend of mine. Harrison Wright. My goodness, you seem to have filled up the table. I hope there's going to be room for us. No problem. - Where'd you get him? - Never you mind. I just decided two can play this game. Here. I stole one of those. Now I'll get one of the waiters to bring around a high chair. Better get one for your date, too. Well, I hope we haven't missed anything. Nah. We thought some man was going to father Charlene's children, but he was just going to the bathroom. You know, all of a sudden, I have this incredible urge to dance. Would you mind? My pleasure. Actually, I feel like a little Rumba, myself. Harrison? Okay. Just so you know, dancing is extra. Thank you, Harrison. [J.D.] Hey, Anthony, how's it going? It's going okay. I'll tell you one thing, though. These society types are a lot more trouble than the brothers. I mean, these people are helpless. And the whining... "Light my Bic. Flick my ash. Swizzle my stick." Pssh. Hang in there, buddy. You know, Julia, I've seen you do some pretty dumb things, but this has got to be at the top of the list. Jealous? Of what? A paid escort? [Reese laughing] Well, I admit, maybe I was trying to prove a point. But now, I'm finding myself strangely attracted. Get serious. [laughing] Oh, I see. Perfectly acceptable for you, but unacceptable for me, right? You know, I was going to call you earlier tonight and, just as a friend, suggest that you not wear those old boxer shorts of yours. Young girls find them very unsexy. Yeah, well, I'm not wearing my old boxer shorts, if it's any of your business. You're not? No, I got some new underwear. You did? That's right. And it's good-looking, too. I see. Well, thank you for the dance. That's my line. Right. - [applause] - [Man] Thank you. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we're going to take a break for a couple of minutes, and we'll be right back. Well, it's all over. He's in love with her. How do you know? He... bought new underwear. You know, Reese, this is a magical night. I'm having a very nice time. Well, I've noticed. [chuckling] Oh? Have you also noticed I'd like to go to bed with you? No, I hadn't noticed that. Well, then, let me state my case, counselor. Bed is something else I do very well. I haven't wanted anyone as much as I want you in a long time. In fact, all day long, while you were talking about implied negligence, I was thinking about exploding in each other's arms. I promise, I'll make it as fulfilling for you as it is for me. Oh, and, of course, it need not interfere with work. Now, what's the verdict? Well, I... [clearing throat] My throat is very dry. I, uh, I'm just going over to the bar, here. Ahem, will you excuse me? I'll have a bourbon. Can you believe it? There are probably 60 millionaires in this room, even as we speak. Look who she's dancing with? The guy from the kitchen. I give up. She's hopeless. Reese, old buddy, I thought you knew she was after you. Everybody at the office knows. They do? Mmm-hmm. Well, I must have my head in the sand. This thing has taken me completely by surprise. So what's the problem? Well, you know, Julia. Yeah, I know Julia. But you're not with Julia anymore. Yeah, but you know how that sort of thing goes. All I know is, you've got a beautiful young girl panting at your feet. Now usually, I say you don't mix business with pleasure. But I think this girl could handle it. Heck, she even patted me on the butt a couple of times. She did? Mmm-hmm. I don't know, Burton. These new women are not like the women we grew up with. She's talking about explosions. - Really? - Yeah. So what's your problem? Well, I'm not sure I'm packing that much dynamite. I asked you to come in here with me because I respect you. I can tell we're both strong-minded, feminist-oriented women who can be honest with each other. I just hate it when women get into cat fights over men, don't you? What's your point? My point is, you don't have to feel threatened by me. I'm not going to marry Reese or take him away from you. I just want to have a relationship with him for a while. Now if you can handle that, I promise, there will be no subterfuge or deceitfulness on my part. Can we be friends? You know, Miss Gibbs, growing up in the rural part of Georgia, I've been around compost all my life. I've seen it loaded onto wagons, and tilled and hoed, and spread across fields far and wide. But, until today, I must say, I've never seen it tied up and gift-wrapped in quite so neat and tidy, and pretty a package. Congratulations, you're a very clever girl. But it's still compost. Now, if you'll excuse me, I leave you to dig your way out. You do know how to dig, don't you? You just get down on your hands and knees, and shovel. Around the office, we call her The Terminator. Uh, Shannon? There you are. I hope you've been thinking about my offer. Hey, I'm enormously flattered. That's nice, but not completely satisfying. Well, you see, uh, I'm sort of committed. Oh, Reese, don't get the wrong idea. I don't have indiscriminate sex with people. I'm very selective. And I don't need a commitment. Well, you see, I kind of do. I'm one of these strange, leftover guys. The glacier melted down, I stepped out, and here I am. You are darling, you know that? Well, I suppose it could grow into a commitment. No, no, it couldn't. I'm committed to someone else. But I thought you and Julia weren't... Oh, well, this sort of thing goes on all the time. With us, it's never over, not even when the fat lady sings. That's a commitment. I guess this is the part where I say, she's very lucky. Well, you're very sweet. I like Julia a lot. I think we could've been friends. You still can. Let me give her your number. No, no, no. That's okay. I think she's got it. I don't know why I bother to get so upset. I mean, they just thrive on this stuff. In fact, everyone in this group is completely unreformable. I just wash my hands of all of it. Except for Harrison. You know, Julia, I probably shouldn't tell you this, but I'm amazed that you were worried about her. Well, she's beautiful, and bright, and young. Yeah, well, I've been looking around this room tonight at all the beautiful, bright young women. You know what? They haven't got a thing on you. [snorts] Reese Watson, you're just saying that. No, it's true. You danced by me about that time, and I just got one glimpse of the back of your legs, and I just thought to myself, "Boy, that's for me." Sometimes, I don't know what I did before I met you. You forgive me for being so silly? Always do. Hey, I got an idea. Let's just stand here and kiss on the dance floor, until they throw us out. Reese? Yeah. You didn't actually buy new underwear, did you? I'm sorry, that's personal. Of course, there is one way to find out. Closed-Captioned By J.R. Media Services, Inc. Burbank, CA 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 