Designing Women: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Designing Women 
 s1e12 - Old Spouses Never Die: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Designing Women (1986–1993): Season 1, Episode 12 - Old Spouses Never Die: Part 1 - full transcript 
 Mary Jo and J.D.'s romantic evening is interrupted when her ex-husband Ted brings home the children on a flimsy excuse. Meanwhile, Anthony is required to attend a $5,000 poker game after a ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ [theme] Good morning. Hi. Guess what. Jerry Lee Lewis is going to be at the convention center this Saturday, and I got tickets. Oh, I thought you had his tickets before. I did. Three times, but he never showed up. Just once before I die I want to see Jerry Lee Lewis in concert. This could be it. Now, come on, go with me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No, thanks. I can't. J.D. and I are going out. Although, I probably shouldn't. Why not? Because the kids are spending every night this week with Ted because he asked for extra time because he's going to a medical convention. I just... I hate not to have them on the weekend, too. Why? Is he still spoiling them? His idea of compensating for the divorce is letting them have French fries for breakfast. So when they come home, I'm Attila the Hun, who makes them eat grapefruit. You make them eat grapefruit? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I put sugar on it. Charlene, that's not the point. I know, but I just hate grapefruit. Then I won't make you eat any, okay? I mean, they're just getting so materialistic. Particularly Quinton. "Daddy has a Jaguar. Daddy has a swimming pool." Oh, come on. He's only six. He'll get over that. The other night, after hours of watching Gone With the Wind, his only question is, "Was Rhett Butler a millionaire?" Was he? I mean before the war. Charlene, that's not the point. I know, I'm just wondering. I watched it, too, for the 27th time. - Doesn't it just make you sick? - What? That they don't make them like Rhett anymore? I mean, he was so heroic. I guess I don't even think about stuff like that anymore. I mean, you know, if there is one thing that I pride myself on, it's the way I'm bringing up my kids. The other day, when Ted brought them home, he said, "You better watch out. You just might turn into an unfit mother." That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Nobody's a better mother than you. You bake cookies all the time, you never miss a school program, you're up all night the night before Halloween. Now you name me another mother who'd bother to shellac a dinosaur outfit so that the scales would look wet. I mean, J.D. and I have never even done it. And this man, who has hot and cold running women in his house, is accusing me of being an unfit mother? You and J.D. have never done it? Charlene, that's not the point. And it's not even that I care so much what Ted thinks, it's just that he does have an awful lot of money and he might be able to convince people that he could raise them better than me. Oh, now, Mary Jo. Now, you stop that. Nobody's going to take Quinton and Claudia away from you. Ted's just trying to control you. You can't let him stop you from living your own life. You have kissed J.D., haven't you? Charlene, I should think it would be enough that I bring in most of Sugarbakers' clients. I mean, it's not easy wining and dining a different person every day and trying to think of something stimulating to say about interior decorating. But if I can get myself out of bed every morning, put on a face like this, and get myself dressed to the nines, the minimum you could do as the office manager is to tell me whether or not the people I'm going to be having lunch with are homosexuals. Suzanne, this may come as a surprise to you, but I do not consider a person's sexual persuasion any of my business. That is personal. You know, like, "Have you ever been arrested or voted for Richard Nixon?" I voted for Richard Nixon. That's not the point! I've wanted to say that to somebody for so long. You know, I don't think you understand the trouble I go to for these lunches. I mean, do you think I would have worn this uncomfortable dress cut tight just below the bodice if I'd known I was going to be having lunch with homosexuals? It was a complete disaster. Why? What'd you do? Molest them? Of course not. It was just a whole different way of relating. I mean, you don't flirt, you don't give certain kinds of looks. I need time to get myself into that mode. Well, uh, are you able to communicate with us heterosexuals again, or is it too soon? Funny not. The rest of my alimony checks come in yet? Yes. I color-coded them according to length of marriage. Hi, Julia. - Oh, did you find a birthday present for Payne? - Yes. Julia, why didn't you tell me? I mean, here I am, his only aunt, and I... You think he'd like a pen with my name on it? [both] No. What did you get him? I finally found him a pair of pigskin boots, which is what he said he wanted. But of course, shopping being what it is today, it would have been much simpler to go out into the woods and wrestle a pig bare-handed. Well, I see we've had another altercation with the public at large. There was no altercation. I simply refused to be pushed around by department stores where nobody cares anymore because they've all been bought by major corporations who put teenagers in charge of the merchandise, who haven't got a clue as to where to find it. Whatever happened to service with a smile? "How may we help you?" and "Thank you," and "Come again." I'll tell you what happened. They went with that little fellow at the gas station. - What little fellow? - You know, that little fellow in the neatly pressed uniform and bow tie, who always used to say, "Fill 'er up, ma'am?" Yeah, I miss that guy. What happened to him? They killed him. Who killed him? All those vacuous, slack-jawed people who sit in their little glass booths and tell you to pump it yourself. That's right. There is just no sense of style or grace or pride anymore. It is a pump-it-yourself, $4.95 all-you-can-eat world. Yeah, and y'all notice how the repair people that come to your house don't look like Mister Rogers anymore? Isn't that the truth? They all look like mass murderers. I mean, sometimes I have to stop and think to myself, I want my dishwasher fixed, but do I want it bad enough to die for it? What are you taking? Ted's old vitamins. Well, don't they lose their potency after a while? Yeah. So did he. Mary Jo! I'm sorry. I know that was tacky. I'm mad at him. What's the matter? Is he trying to run your life again? You know, I think he just can't stand it 'cause J.D.'s the first man I've cared about - since the divorce. - Its that old double standard. You know, he can have all the girlfriends he wants, but you're just supposed to be the mother of his children. And Janet, J.D.'s ex-wife, isn't much better. I mean, I don't believe that we have spent one evening together when she hasn't called to say that something is stopped up, flooded, or overdrawn. I just hope I never run into her. I might have to give her a piece of my mind. - May we help you? - Yeah. I'd just like to know which one of you bitches is Mary Jo Shively? [Suzanne, Charlene, Julia] She is. Excuse me? Janet Shackleford, J.D.'s wife. Well, what a coincidence. We were just... Excuse me. There is an ex in there, isn't there? Don't you count on it. That's why I'm here. I get the distinct impression you think your relationship with J.D. just might be going somewhere. Let me save you a lot of time and trouble. It isn't gonna happen. Our divorce was a mistake, and we are in the process of trying to rectify that now, and I for one do not appreciate your interference. So I suggest you go back to your own ex-husband. Or try to find a man who doesn't have three wonderful children and a wife who's been at his side for 14 years. Because when it comes to J.D., I am one customer you do not want to cross. I'm sure we understand each other. And one other thing... J.D.'s descriptive powers have always been somewhat lacking, but I can see this time he was right on target. When I asked him what you looked like, he said you were just average. Well, I guess you told her. I just don't understand where she would have gotten the idea that y'all were gonna get back together - if you never mentioned it. - You don't know Janet. No, you don't know Janet. You seem to think of her as this helpless person. Trust me. The woman I met today could've taken Poland. Yeah, well, she's been going through this assertiveness training thing. Oh, well, that's all I need... A boyfriend with an ex-wife in Rambo school. I promise you it will never happen again. J.D., I... I didn't even know you until you were divorced. She made me feel like... the other woman. Oh, Mary Jo, don't pay any attention to that. She didn't even want me when she had me. I mean, we never shared the same dreams. I wanted to be in baseball, she wanted a guy with a coat and a tie and hemorrhoids. She also said that when she asked you what I looked like, you said... just average. What? No, I never said you were average. I said you look fine. Fine? Well, actually, I think I said, "Mighty fine." Oh, come on. You know I think you're fantastic-looking, but it's not the kind of thing you tell the woman you used to be married to. What am I gonna say? "You ought to see my new girlfriend. She's got these great..." No, I don't have these great... Yeah, but you've got a great... You think so? You think I'm spending all this time with you for your mind? Oh, my heavens, look what time it is. That ballgame's almost over. Ted'll be bringing those kids back any minute. Yeah, I know. Ted's always bringing the kids back. That's Ted's middle name. Ted Bring-the-Kids-Back-Any-Minute Shively. Oh, now, come on, J.D. Don't be bitter. Look, you know, Mary Jo, I don't mean to be pushy or anything, but we've been going out for what, three, four years now? Months. Yeah, I was just thinking that at some point, uh, being a normal, red-blooded American couple, that maybe we should give a little thought to... J.D., I just need a little time. Time. Right. Julia, do you mind if I ask you a personal question? I don't guess so. How personal is it? Do you think I'm sexy? Before you married Hayden, had you ever done it with anyone else? And if not, then after Hayden died, did you find it a little difficult the first time... being with Reese? And... Assuming you have been with Reese, and if not... Then whoever. Or maybe no one at all. Well put. Trust me, I wouldn't ask if it wasn't absolutely necessary. Maybe I can forego a little privacy for the sake of a good friend. Now if you and J.D. have been together all these months, and if you really love J.D., and if nothing has happened yet, then I think it's time you took the top off the cookie jar. - Well put. - Thank you. [blender whirs] You know, Mary Jo, I don't know why you always go to Julia for advice. I mean, I'm the one who has the most experience with men. I remember all my first times. Of course, I'm not gonna share the intimate details, but afterwards each one of them cried. Don't y'all just love grateful men? Who ordered salami? I did. Suzanne, if I were you, I wouldn't be telling that story. It sounds to me like you had some very dissatisfied customers. Well, they married me, didn't they? You know, Suzanne, I've always tried to picture you - and each of your ex-husbands in bed. - Charlene! I wonder about what people are like in bed. - Don't you wonder about things like that? - [Julia, Suzanne, Mary Jo] No. Well, I do. Like the other morning, I was wondering about Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth. Don't you wonder if he ever just reaches over and grabs her and starts tickling her? No. I don't think he can get past that purse. - I wonder what's in that purse? - Charlene! Well, I'm sorry, but I wonder about everything. Like what the words to "Mack the Knife" mean, and how they make that cat dance on that commercial. I had a cat one time... [Mary Jo, Julia, Suzanne] Charlene! I'm sorry. I'll stop. Pass the coleslaw. You ever wonder who Cole was? Hey, everybody. Where's Charlene? I need my messages. She had a doctor's appointment. Anthony, where have you been? We've been waiting for you to take those Chinese dogs - out to Barbara Clifton's. - I know. I'm sorry. An unfortunate circumstance has come up, and I may have to relocate. To another planet. What happened? First of all, let me ask this impertinent question. Do any of you have $5,000? [women] No. Then I'm definitely gonna have to relocate. You see, some friends of mine and I went over to Memphis to the dog races with this guy named Mr. Beebe. I can tell this is gon' be a classy story. Oh, now, Julia, I don't want to hang out with hoods and thugs. I had enough of that during my unfortunate incarceration. All I want now is to go to junior college, get me one of those sweaters that buttons down the front, and join the pep club. But people just will not leave me alone. Anyway, this woman named Juanita takes a liking to me at the track. But nobody bothers to tell me that this is Mr. Beebe's girlfriend. And so now, because I publicly humiliated him and ruined his weekend, I've got to get $5,000 together to play poker with him on Saturday, or he's gonna have every bone in my body broken. Who's Mr. Beebe? The slacks king of the South. Men's pants, you know? He's from Beebe, Arkansas. The dude is loaded and dumb. Man, it really makes me mad when I meet a dumb rich person. I don't understand. Why $5,000? Because he said that's how much the weekend cost. Well, why do you have to play poker? So it can't be called extortion. Somehow, I don't think I'll be dealt many good hands. Anthony, does this Mr. Beebe know where you work? Yes, he does. And so do Clifford and Otis. Who are Clifford and Otis? His bodyguards. Well, this is just ridiculous. I'm gonna call the police. We don't want people like that hanging around here. Oh, no, please, please don't call the police. - We can work this out ourselves. - What do you mean, "we"? You see, all you got to do is tell Mr. Beebe that I was killed, you know? Like in a delivery accident. You see, he goes to Hawaii every February, March and April, and by May he will have forgotten all about me. Anthony, he is not gonna believe such an absurd story. No, Julia, I'm telling you the dude is dumb. Y'all are just never gonna believe it. The most incredible thing just happened to me. You got your income tax return. No, silly. I don't have cancer. Hey, that's great, Charlene. Do you have $5,000? No. - What do you mean, you don't have cancer? - I mean I don't have it. I went to see Dr. Mitchell for a routine exam, and he found a lump in my breast. I didn't even know it was there. I'll just be out back loading up the van. Oh, wait a minute, Anthony. There were some phone messages for you. Anyway, I was worried sick about it, because two of my mama's sisters had the same thing. Oh, here they are. The first one was, "You're dead meat," the second one was, "You're dead meat, man," and the third one was, "Be there or you're dead meat." There seems to be some sort of theme emerging. Thanks, Charlene. Big weekend, eh? Now wait just a minute, Charlene. How does this doctor know that you are fine? Did you have a mammogram? Or a biopsy? No, he just examined me and said not to worry, and said let him worry about it, and come back in six months. Well, I don't like the sound of that. I think you should have a second opinion. Why should I get a second opinion? I like this one. I agree with Julia. Six months is a long time. Yes. Julia and I have a very close friend, and she waited too late. Well, okay, I'm sorry to disappoint y'all. - You want me to have cancer, I'll have cancer. - Charlene, don't be absurd. I couldn't just go to anybody else. Dr. Mitchell's been my doctor ever since I came to Atlanta. He's a very nice man. Charlene, this is not something you can play around with. Now I'm gonna go to the phone and call my doctor and make an appointment for you. Julia, no, I couldn't go behind Dr. Mitchell's back. Okay, okay. I'll call him. I'll ask him to recommend someone. I just left. He probably hasn't gone to lunch yet. Oh, hi, Becky. This is Charlene Frazier. Is Dr. Mitchell around? Great. Jerry Lee Lewis tickets. Oh, hello, Dr. Mitchell, this is Charlene. I'm sorry to bother you, but I've been thinking. I know it's silly, but since I was kind of worried about that cancer thing, I thought maybe I should... get a second opinion, if you could recommend someone. Not that I don't trust you. It'd just be to ease my mind. You couldn't? I see. Well, I'm sorry you feel that way. Okay. Bye. Well, what'd he say? He said that if I don't have faith in him, I should find myself another physician. I'm calling Dr. Knight right now. I feel terrible. Now I insulted him. [telephone rings] I'll get it. Sugarbakers'. No, he isn't. He just stepped out. Who's this? Well, I don't take messages from people who don't leave their name. And let me tell you something else. You would probably be a lot better off if you spent less time making hoody telephone calls to people and more time trying to improve yourself like Anthony. Now why don't you just leave him alone? He's trying to start a new life for himself. He doesn't have $5,000. He's not showing up to your poker game tonight. He's joining the pep club. And you can just tell Mr. Beebe to stick that in his pipe and smoke it. Well, I don't think you'll be having any more problems with those people. Thank you, Suzanne. You're welcome. Have you heard anything from Charlene yet? I wish she would have let one of us go to the doctors with her. I mean, I'm not getting any work done anyway. I know it. I feel the same way. That's why I took those hurricane lamps on out to Ima Jean Salinger's. Oh, Julia, I would've done that. What are you doing here? I thought you had a lunch with somebody. I do, but I forgot who with. That's why I came by to check her book. - Oh, very funny. - What? A homosexual, a bisexual, a cross-dresser, and a eunuch. What's all that about? Charlene's weird sense of humor. Well, I hope you're all happy. I got my second opinion. What did he say? He said I've got cancer. You know, Charlene, most of these things turn out not to be malignant. Oh, come on, I know the score. Those two aunts I told you about? They both died. And women in certain families are prone to it. Well, you know they're catching it in time, and it's gonna be okay. I'm telling you, I have a feeling about this. It's not gonna be okay. Are you afraid of losing a breast? No, I'm afraid of losing my life. I mean, I wouldn't be happy about having a mastectomy, but I could live with that, you know. After all, I had a fake chest all through junior high school. It's just that... I've never had children. I've never been to Europe. I've... never even seen Jerry Lee Lewis in concert. [doorbell rings] - Hi. - Hi. Mmm. Look. Oh, champagne. You shouldn't have. So, how's Charlene? Oh, well, I went home with her after work, and she said she'd rather be alone. So I just told her I'd call her later. Listen, honey. We don't have to do this tonight. I did decide not to cook. Oh, well, that's okay. So, why don't we just get the show on the road? Well, gee, sweetheart, that's great. And you look great. See, I was kind of hoping that maybe we could have a couple of drinks, uh, some candlelight, maybe a little foreplay? You know? I mean, it doesn't have to be like you're reporting for your Army physical. Oh... You're right. I'll loosen up. Do you want to do this downstairs or upstairs? I don't remember. Why don't you look on my application? Downstairs. It's quicker. ♪ Oh where, oh where has my little dog gone? ♪ Hey, nice music selection. Puts you right in the old mood. Quint must have left that in there. [radio clicking] There. ♪♪ [soft jazz] [laughs] That's better. J.D., I just can't go through with this. It's okay. We're not in the mood, either. Hey, hey, hey. No, it's all right. I mean, I'm not that needy, okay? I mean, you don't want to make love, fine. But I am 34 years old, and I am not gonna spend the rest of my life holding hands with you and taking cold showers. That's not a threat, that's just a fact. Anyway, I love you, and that's another fact. I love you. J.D., I've just... I've just been too embarrassed to tell you... that I never made love with anybody but Ted. - You haven't? - No, and I don't know anything about anybody else. Well, I-I think we all pretty much follow the same format. I know. Maybe I don't know anything about anything. I mean, Ted's idea of foreplay was to grab me by the ankles and yell, "Make a wish." You know, the first time I saw you, I wanted to go to bed with you. I just keep thinking that maybe you won't like me. Maybe Ted didn't like me. I mean, he said he did, but then he always just ate cereal and fell asleep. And had affairs. Is that what this is all about? You think that was your fault? You don't have any idea how desirable you are, do you? Don't you know that sometimes, you make me breathe hard just looking at you. And you have this softness about you, and the way your chin is always kind of cocked. You got this great... - I do? - Come here. Listen, I don't care what we do tonight. I just want to be close to you. Let's go upstairs. Are you sure? Yeah, I'm sure. [doorbell rings] - Who is that? - I don't know. Uh, just a minute. I'll be right there. - Hi, Mom. - Oh, Quint, what are you doing home? Can you believe this? He brought the wrong pajamas. He wants the ones with Garfield on them. Ted, I think your story could use a little work. Hey, how are you, J.D.? Ted. Hey, it looks like you're missing a button there. - Oh, hi, Mom. - Hi, honey. - Hi, J.D. - Hi, Claudia. Look, as long as we're here, can I borrow your curling iron? Oh, yeah, sure, go ahead and get it. I'm on call this weekend. Do you mind if I check the service? Do I have a choice? - [telephone rings] - I'll get it. Hello. Well, yes he is. Yeah, just a minute. It's for you. Thank you. Hello? You know, Mary Jo, if you're gonna have guys over like this, maybe you should just consider going to a motel. No. I won't consider going to a motel. This is my home, and you are standing in it, not by invitation. - Well, gotta go. Excuse me. - Oh, yep. Toilet stopped up at Janet's again. Bathroom's flooded. Pestilence and famine are just around the corner. You're kidding. I mean, that's ridiculous. Hasn't she ever heard of Liquid Plumr? Hey, it's been a fabulous evening. And you are gonna let her ruin it? Me? You're the one with the Brady Bunch. Uh, I'll just try checking the service again. - They are leaving. - Look, it's just too much trouble, okay? Yes, it certainly is, particularly when you're on the 24-hour drain squad. I mean, for Heaven's sake, they could have irrigated half of China by now and not have as much trouble with the pipes. Oh, yeah? Well, it still holds up a lot better than the old Garfield pajama story. In fact, you are so gullible... Maybe if Ted stays here long enough, he'll get lucky. - That's it! Get out. - With pleasure. Gee, I hope I haven't caused you any trouble. My, but we did have a rough night last night, didn't we? Yes, we did. What happened? Well, I told off J.D., I told off Ted, I told off everybody but the dog, and I'm gonna get him tonight. Uh-oh. This was that special romantic dinner you were planning, wasn't it? Yes, well, as it turned out, I didn't actually cook. I didn't serve cookies, either. I know what that means. Charlene, I told you to stay home today. - Now what is all that stuff? - Just some things of mine that mean a lot to me that I wanted y'all to have. Charlene, you are not dying. You are just having a biopsy. I know, but after tomorrow, I'm gonna know I'm dying, and I might not feel like doing this. - Have you called your parents yet? - No. Absolutely not. - Charlene. - Mary Jo, there are 11 kids in my family. - I don't worry my parents unless I have to. - Okay. - You can call them after the surgery, okay? - Fine. Where do you want this? Over there, Calvin. Who is that man? Calvin Klein. He's no relation to the clothing guy. He's just a hitchhiker I picked up. Charlene, have you lost your mind? I know. I guess there was a part of me that was hoping he had a gun. Excuse me, would you mind if I used your restroom? - We don't have one. - It's right through that door. Oh, by the way, somebody wrote "You're dead meat" on the front of your building. - Anthony! - I know, I saw it. They misspelled "meat." Who are you? Calvin Klein. Bryant Gumbel. How you doing? Nice to meet you. Anthony, wait, wait. - I have a little something I want to give you. - Moi? This is my Razorback Hog hat from when I used to live in Arkansas. Hey, all right. Thank you, Charlene. I don't think I'll wear it outside, though. It might not be wise to bring too much attention to myself. Julia, this is my letter from President Kennedy. See? It says, "Dear Charlene, "the President enjoyed your drawing of the White House." Actually, I don't think he saw it. Why not? 'Cause I sent a poem. Anyway, he signed it down there, see? And, uh, he was always a hero of mine. That's why I want you to have it. Thank you, Charlene. Uh, Mary Jo, My personally autographed picture of Elvis. You know how I felt about him. Thank you. I'll treasure it. Um, Suzanne, my grandma's silver hand mirror, 'cause I know you like to look at yourself, and I want you to be happy. I'll use it every day. What's in the other box? Oh, letters and some mementos to all my old boyfriends. You know, I just wanted to say good-bye. Hey, Charlene, thanks for the ride. Hope you don't mind, but I took a roll of paper towels - and a couple rolls of toilet paper. - Oh, no. Help yourself. It's what it's there for. Ma'am. Bye. Bye, Calvin. Good luck. Charlene, don't you ever pick up a stranger like that again. Did you see his back pocket? He took our Lysol. That can'll be dead by morning. Well, I'm glad you all like your gifts. Yeah, we just love 'em. There's just one thing I'd like to know. What are we supposed to do with these if you're all right? Do we have to give them back? I want y'all to run upstairs and get your things together so I can take you back over to your daddy's, 'cause I have to go to the hospital to see Charlene before... - Daddy! - Hi, son. - Hi, Dad. - Hi, honey. Uh, I tried calling you at work, but you'd already left. I invited Janet and Ted to come over here so we can get everything all worked out, okay? Uh, Claudia, could you take Quinton upstairs and watch TV for a little while? Mom, can J.D. and Daddy spend the night? No, they cannot. Why don't you run on upstairs? [Quint] Shoot. [Claudia] You are so dense. Well, what a surprise. Did everybody get something to drink? Yeah, everybody got something. Honey, why don't you sit down right here? - How'd you get in? - I have a key, remember? Oh, yeah. [Ted] You have a key? I do, and I don't think that's any of your business. Listen, buddy, everything that goes on here is my business. - It is not. - It certainly is. - He makes the house payment, doesn't he? - He most certainly does not. I don't get alimony. I just get child support. You mean you put him all the way through medical school and you don't get alimony? Dumber than I thought. Well, at least I helped support my husband. Are you calling me a sponge? I'm just saying, if you didn't help build the ship before it set sail, don't be standing on the dock with your hand out when it comes in. She's calling me a sponge! Janet, Mary Jo, sit down. All right, now. Now the reason I wanted us all to get together here today was to talk about how we, as four mature adults, can peacefully coexist. But, of course, we're already starting in the hole, because we don't have four mature adults. I'm not even sure we have two, but nevertheless. I think that I speak for Mary Jo and myself when I say that we intend to build a life together. And that you, Janet, and you, Ted, can be our friend or you can not be our friend, but you're not gonna stop us. Now I will continue to be a good father to my kids, and Mary Jo will continue to be a good mother to her kids. But we are not married to you people anymore, and we are not gonna be at the mercy of you and your plumbing, or you and your pajama problems anymore. Excuse me, if I could just jump in here... No, no, I'm not finished. Now Mary Jo and I do not care what the two of you are doing in your personal lives, except that we wish you well, and we expect the same courtesy from you. So just for your future information, we will no longer be accepting any phone calls or answering the door on Saturday nights. The only exceptions will be the following... Death, loss of blood, excessive vomiting. Here, see, Ted? Garfield isn't on there. Yeah, Suzanne, it's Anthony. I'm at the hospital. Well, they've got her pretty well sedated right now. Listen, I was gon' make one more delivery, and then I was gon' split for the weekend. That's fine by me. I'm just sick and tired of sitting around here waiting on Julia. We're gonna be coming up to the hospital, but she had to go meet somebody. She's acting real mysterious about it, too. By the way, those cousins of yours get hold of you? What cousins? The ones who are just in town for the night. Those are the dudes that are looking for me. The poker game is tonight. That's why I'm trying to get out of here. I didn't know. I told 'em where you were. What? Are you joking me? No, I'm not joking. That was half an hour ago. They'll probably be there any minute. Did you tell them why I was here? No, I didn't tell them why. I just gave them the room number. I am just sick and tired of being mission control for everybody while they're all running around. Anthony? Anthony? [knock on door] Dr. Mitchell, I'm Julia Sugarbaker. May I come in? Yes, but I hope this won't take long. I'm on the staff of three hospitals, and I still have rounds. Oh, I understand how very, very busy you are, and I'll be brief. I've come because I'm a close friend of Charlene Frasier's. Charlene Frasier is no longer my patient, so I can't... Actually, I'm here not only on Charlene's behalf. I'm here on behalf of all your patients. I don't understand. I have just one question. How many more women are you gonna kill before you retire? I beg your pardon! You see, I've done a little checking on you, Dr. Mitchell. And I've discovered that Charlene is not the first woman you've told to wait and see. You said the same thing to another close friend of mine, only at that time I didn't know that you were her physician. Well, she trusted you. She waited four months before her breasts had become so misshapen she had to come back. But by then, it was too late. Mrs. Sugarbaker, I don't think I would care to discuss with you medical judgments you know nothing about. Medical jargon doesn't impress me. I was brought up in a medical family and my grandfather always said 80% was common sense. There's nothing mysterious about having a lump in your breast. It's simple. When you find one, you have it x-rayed or biopsied. I know that. Most physicians know that. What I don't understand is why don't you know that? Perhaps I'm of the old school. That's not old school, that's gross incompetence! Well, it's obvious to me that you are an emotional, overwrought woman. Not emotional, Doctor. I'm just plain mad. Which is why I'm filing charges against you with the State Medical Bureau and the AMA. Well, if you want to make a fool of yourself, be my guest. But I can assure you you are in no way qualified to make these judgments. I think this meeting is over. I think so, too. But as for qualified, neither are you. You don't depend on medicine. Your weapon is intimidation. You're a seemingly kind, benevolent authority figure who tells women to let you do their worrying for them. Well, there's just one thing wrong with that, Dr. Mitchell. You don't have to do the dying. Well, well, well. Ain't this a sight? Looks like our old friend Anthony is not feeling well, Clifford. Yeah. That's a shame. If I didn't know better, I'd say that $5,000 poker game has given him a fever! What's going on? What are you guys doing here? We came to escort you to the game. Or did you forget? Oh, yeah. No, I didn't forget, man. I got kidney stones. You don't got nothing. Get out of that bed! Hey, listen, Otis... Oh, no. I'm Otis. He's Clifford. Whatever. Look, I don't care if you guys believe me or not, I've had kidney stones all my life and this is probably the most horrible attack I've ever had. Believe me, I'd much rather be playing poker with you guys than being here like th... this. Ohh. Hey, this don't look right. Now, look over here. He's in here with some white girl. Does that beat anything you've ever seen? I complained to the hospital administrator, but he says they're going coed. The New South, you know. This don't look right. They'll probably have her out of her by morning. It still don't look right. Yeah, you said that. Now why don't you use the right verb tense? Let me tell you something, smart boy. We're getting tired of fooling with you. I don't know why you're here, but I don't like it. Oww! Ohh! Ohh-ho-ho! The pain! I can't stand it! I want to be knocked out! But not by you. Now look, you put your hands on me again, I'm calling hospital security. Okay. Go on. But Mr. Beebe's gonna be very disappointed. Don't think you're off the hook. When we get back from Hawaii, we'll be looking you up. Count on it. When you get back from Hawaii, I'll be a white man named Herb. Just what do you think you're doing? I'm getting dressed. When I got off the telephone, I was feeling kind of dizzy so I thought I'd better rest. I'm feeling much better now, thank you. Aren't these gowns horrendous? They ought to put some Velcro back here. You know, I was awful proud of you tonight. I mean, I think that I could have eventually made my point myself, but it's... it's more impressive being a team. - Thank you. - For what? For being my hero. Oh, come on. No, no. I mean it. I mean, for so long I've been fighting all my battles alone. It's kind of nice having a knight in shining armor. You want to polish off a warm bottle of champagne? Only if we can take it upstairs. You sure? Yeah, I'm sure. Let's get this show on the road. Oh, I forgot! No. What now? I promised Julia that I'd do those receipts tonight. So, what are you gonna do? I'm not gonna think about that today. I'm gonna think about that tomorrow. - Hi. - Hi. You're okay. It was benign. I already called your folks in Poplar Bluff. Thank you, God. We brought your stuff back. Yeah, and I'm mad about losing my hog hat. Anthony, I had the craziest dream you were in the bed next to me and these two guys came in and called me a white girl and said I didn't look right. By the way, that reminds me, Anthony. Weren't you supposed to leave town this weekend? Yeah, I was. But when I got home, I started thinking. If I run from Mr. Beebe now, I'll be running from hoods the rest of my life. So I went to him. I told him, "Look, Jack, "I don't owe you $5,000 and I don't have $5,000. If you don't like that, you can take it out of my hide right here and now." Well, that's very impressive, Anthony. And what did he say? He said, "Boy, I like your style. I'll cut the cards with you, double or nothing." I told you he was dumb. Well, who won? I did. I now own 400 pairs of pants and I am a member of the Slack of the Month Club. Well, Charlene, looks like you're going to be able to go home in a couple of days. I'm gonna name a baby after you. Thank you again, Alan, for everything. Well, that's... I didn't do anything, Julia. I'm just glad that it turned out to be benign. Although, if you ever have another lump, I don't want you to assume that it would be benign, too. Every one has to be checked. Okay, I'll remember. And you keep getting those second opinions, too. That's a very good policy. Well, I better be going. Uh, y'all don't get too raucous in here. Happy Hour doesn't start until 5. - [laughs] - Bye. Oh, I almost forgot. You got a telegram. You're kidding. "Charlene," I was there. Where were you? Jerry Lee Lou..." You know, he's gonna be in Macon in about three weeks and J.D. and I are gonna take you. Oh, y'all are so sweet to me. Well, we just been thinking that with all our little problems, this sure kind of puts things into perspective. It does, doesn't it? You know, it's just occurred to me that what we have here it's just... it's a family. Yeah. It's kind of nice, isn't it? That's all I need. More relatives. [laughter] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 