Designing Women: Season 1, Episode 22 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Designing Women 
 s1e22 - Bachelor Suite - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Designing Women (1986–1993): Season 1, Episode 22 - Bachelor Suite - full transcript 
 A wealthy client makes a pass at Mary Jo. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ [theme] [Woman singing] ♪ This morning ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ Sleepin' single in a double bed ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ Thinkin' over things I wish I'd said ♪ ♪ Ah, ah ♪ ♪ I should have held you, but I let you go ♪ Please, Charlene, I can't take that racket when I have a headache. It's not racket, Suzanne. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That's "Sleepin' Single in a Double Bed." Look, I'm just not in the mood. Okay? Anyway, you look dumb singing into that magic marker. Singing into a magic marker? What made you think I was doing that? 'Cause you always do it when you think no one's around. I've seen you a couple times when I was in the store room and you didn't know I was looking. [snickers] You know, Suzanne, I think you're getting completely nuts. I think you got too much time on your hands. I don't know where you get this stuff. "Singing into a magic marker." ♪ Thinkin' over things I wish I'd said ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ I should have held you but I let you go ♪ ♪ Now I'm the one sleepin' all alone ♪ [music continues] I was trying to shake the ink down. I hate when these things get clogged. Charlene, did Mary Jo get back from Hence Winchester's yet? No. They were finishing up installing that waterfall today. Oh, that's right. I forgot. We're not building a master suite anymore. We're building a miniature Club Med. And it's not even functional. There's so many tropical plants in that bathroom, you need a machete to get to the commode. That's right, let's just insult the man. After all, he's only one of the most successful contractors in Atlanta who could give us enough work to last a lifetime, but who needs him? Right, Julia? I'm sorry. I don't happen to love doing business with a person who has a fur waterbed and a bumper sticker that says "No Fat Chicks" on it. Oh, come on! Where do you get off being sensitive about fat people after the remarks you made last weekend? What remarks? At Mardelle Richardson's wedding. You know Mardelle has a little weight problem, and unfortunately she chose this full, white gown with a veil. Anyway, just as she's getting ready to come down the aisle, Julia leans over to me and says, "Look, Suzanne, it's not a bride. It's a bride float." I did not. You're terrible. You did so. And then, when the attendants got ready to come down the aisle, she said, "If they had any style at all, they'd ride her in." Julia. I never said anything of the kind. Suzanne, I don't know where you come up with this stuff. You are trying to drive me crazy, but it's not going to work. You sing into magic markers, Charlene, and you, Julia, insult fat people. I want you all to know that the only reason that I am not quitting this Hence Winchester job is because I am that close to finishing and because, well, because it would be crazy to quit now! Right? What happened? He wants a new bathtub. He didn't like the one with the waterfall? That's the hot tub in the bedroom. This is the whirlpool in the bathroom. He found it in the back of a magazine. Let's see that. These people are naked. I know. Everybody in Hence Winchester's life is naked except me, a couple of workmen, and Vernon, the electrician. Since he moved in there five days ago, there has been a different woman there every morning. - You're joking. - No. I have to wait for them to get out of bed so I can get into the bathroom. One of them even asked me if I might have a little deodorant she could borrow. You're kidding! You should never use another person's deodorant. All sorts of bacteria can grow on that little ball. You could get sick. I don't know how many more times I can go in there and... and... and face those workmen and say things like, "Okay, what we need to do here "is, uh, take this 12-hundred-pound mirror "and suspend it on chains over Mr. Winchester's waterbed, and I don't want any comments." I bet they comment anyway, don't they? Are you kidding? What we are building here is a sex chamber, and everybody knows it! The plumber suggested that we use a funhouse mirror, you know, the ones that make things appear smaller than they actually are? Aah! That's hysterical! I don't get it. What would that do? Well, Suzanne, from your point of view, it'd make his wallet look smaller. What I don't understand is what difference does it make what kind of taste Hence Winchester has or how many times he changes his mind, as long as he pays for it? Because we're trying to develop a clientele that fits with the image of Sugarbakers', and that does not include people whose only prerequisite for furniture is that it vibrate. Look, Charlene, I almost forgot. Would you call J.D. for me? He's coming over to dinner tonight, and now I'm running late. What time should I tell him? Oh, 8:00, and tell him the kids will be at Ted's. [giggling] Charlene, we're just having dinner. Well, I certainly hope not. Don't you think it's time we consummated this relationship? We? Well, you know, I'll be with you in spirit. Oh, good. I'll let you know in the morning if you had a good time. Where are those black tile samples? Hence is picking me up any minute. And don't mention that to J.D. He's all bent out of shape because I made the mistake of telling him that I thought Hence was sexually harassing me. Sexually harassing you? Mary Jo, you never mentioned that before. Well, I thought it was just my imagination. I mean, you know, Hence has so many women in his life, why would he bother me? Good point. Well, just exactly what does he do? Well, I don't know. Sometimes when he's talking to me, he kind of likes to tap me right there. Well, I've seen people do that before. Sometimes, he misses. That reminds me of my brother Robert. He used to pin me down, both of my shoulders with his knees, and then drool on my face. It was so disgusting. He called it "trial by spit." Charlene, are you finished? I guess so. Go on, Mary Jo. Well, a couple of other times, he just kind of brushed up against me. But I never know if he means it. And then, this morning, I heard myself saying something to him I'd never said to any other client. What? Get your right hand off my left bun. You're kidding me! What did he say when you said that? He said, "Hey, babe, I'm just giving you a little love pat." No. What did you say? I said, "Fine, I'm just giving you a little warning." - Way to go. - Well, that is the limit. Mary Jo, I want you to know you don't have to put up with this. No, Julia, it's all right. I handled it. And anyway, let us not overlook the amount of work this man can get us. You people are getting all excited just because some guy gave Mary Jo a little love pat. Men do that sort of thing all the time. Suzanne, I don't believe that your opinion counts for much on this issue. I mean, to you, being tied up for five days and held hostage would seem like a romantic overture. Ladies. Mary Jo, I'm sorry I'm late. I had to drop somebody off, and I got a little waylaid. I can imagine. Hence, I think you know Julia. - Yes, hi. - Hello. And this is Charlene Frazier, our office manager. Well, hello. If I'd known the decor around here looked like this, I would have come by a lot sooner. [chuckling] Thank you. Oh, and this is our other partner, Suzanne Sugarbaker. Hi. Hi, Suzanne Sugarbaker, yes. Don't we have some mutual friends? Oh, yes, we do. And they all just think you're wonderful... Especially Marcy Patterson. Oh, yes, Marcy is a great girl, but I don't know, Suzanne, how you and I, uh, missed meeting. Hence, we're running late. - Hence? - Hmm? Oh, right. Yes. Well, it was, uh, great meeting you two. [together] Nice to meet you. Oh, Charlene, don't forget to call J.D. - Right. - [Julia] Mr. Winchester. I'd just like to say, before you go, that we do appreciate your business, and we think of it exactly as that... business, and only business. We like to keep our clients in a strictly professional basis, if you know what I mean. Hey, that's the only way to go. I'm glad we understand each other. Right. You take it easy. He shouldn't have done that. That was a mistake. I keep a little list of people who pat my behind without permission. And several of them have died unnatural and untimely deaths. Oh, come on, Julia, lighten up. It's just his way of being social. Well, I just cannot believe the two of you. After you know the trouble that he's caused Mary Jo, and here you sit, drooling in your socks. Julia, I can't help it if I think he's attractive. I didn't say I wanted to go out with him. Anyway, he's not my type. Charlene, that is not the issue. Well, I think he's just darling. I'd go out with him in a second. Of course you would. You'd also like to have drinks with Muammar al-Gaddafi. I never said anything about drinks, Julia. I just said I liked his sunglasses. Give me a break. That's it! Nobody has that much trouble finding the stick shift. [knocking] - Hi. - Hi. Everybody, come on in. I know you were thinking romantic dinner for two, but how about pizza for five, my treat? Uh, gee, well, I had everything fixed up all here. I thought it was just us. Yes, well, uh, Janet had other ideas. You see, ever since our divorce, she gets a kick out of figuring out ways to send the kids on my dates with me. So, tonight's her poker night, and she got the week all mixed up. - I apologize. - It's all right. I just wish I'd known. I sent my kids to their dad's. That's all right. These guys won't be any trouble. I'll just make them stay under a table until I'm ready to go. Dad. It's a joke, okay? Give me a break. [clears throat] Oh. Hannah, Hannah. Mary Jo, this outspoken little person here is Hannah. - Hi, there, Hannah. - Hi. And the big guy over here is Rex. - Hi. - Hi, Rex. Yeah, and this is Burt. Burt, come here. Hi, Burt, how are you? Fine. Don't pick your nose, son. Why not? Because I said so. Why not? Mary Jo, I know you've gone to a lot of trouble here, and I'm real sorry about all this. No, it's nothing at all. We can just stay here and eat. I made plenty. Oh, yeah? What are we having? Uh, duck à l'orange and vichyssois. Hey, hey, that's their favorite. Great. Well, why don't I just blow these silly candles out. Burt, why don't you get up there and do that for me? You look so beautiful. Uh, you guys, could you turn your heads? I want to give Mary Jo a kiss. - Oh, J.D. - It's okay. We're used to it. All right, y'all can look again. Nice to get that mushy stuff out of the way, you know? Won't have to do that again for another 10 or 15 minutes now. Oh, I almost forgot. Mary Jo, I brought you a little present. It's a baseball cap from the Atlanta Braves. I know. I have three of them. J.D., you just can't walk through life passing out hats every time you think somebody's going to be put out with you. It's working pretty good so far. Yeah, he's given us about 600. You just remember, you're old enough now to be sent to lumberjack camp. Hey, I got a great idea. What do you say we just 86 the orange duck and throw a few hot dogs on the grill? Yeah. I like hot dogs. Sometimes, I open my mouth so wide, you can see all the food in it. But I'm not going to do that to you. Thanks, Burt. That's very considerate. And you thought they weren't going to like you. What are they doing? Well, Rex is in Claudia's room doing his homework, and Burt's playing with Quint's toys, and Hannah wants to know if she can spend the night with me sometime. Yeah, well, that's just fine, as long as their dad gets to first. Okay, so why don't you tell me a little more about this jerk contractor that was giving you a bad time today. Oh, I don't want to talk about it. Besides, he's basically harmless. Hey, hey. He ripped your skirt, didn't he? He said he didn't mean to. Mary Jo, I don't understand why you're defending him. I mean, you must... You must think I'm one of these big macho guys who thinks it's an insult to his male pride if he lets some other guy think he can paw his woman. No. I don't think that. Well, you should because I'm going to kill him. [phone ringing] I don't know why you're making such a big deal of this. I told you, I took care of it, I quit. - [ringing continues] - It's over and done. Hello? Oh. Hello, Hence. Yes, I-I'm fine, really, yeah. Yeah. I'm sure I can just sew that up. [knocking] No. No, I haven't gotten any flowers yet. You really didn't have to do that... Oh, actually, I think they just arrived. Hence, really, you didn't have to do that. That was way too much. No. Look, I just want to forget the whole thing, okay? Are you crying? I'm sorry, I... I didn't know. - Give me the phone. - Yes. No, Hence, could we talk about this another time? Yes, all right, I'll bring the samples by in the morning. Yes, all right. Yes, I'll finish the job. But no more funny business, okay? All right. And I'm so sorry about your dog. - See you tomorrow. - I don't believe this. This is the way you handle a guy who sexually attacked you this afternoon? His dog died. He'd had him for 18 years. He said he was overwrought with grief. Oh, I see. Well, I got to admit, that's original. So, I guess all his advances toward you have been made on days when other childhood pets have passed away. I know, it's not a good story. Come to think of it, I've never seen him with a dog. Well, I have, but that's just a matter of opinion. Mary Jo, you are not going to go over there tomorrow. Yes, I am. Look, I know he's a jerk, but he sounded genuinely sorry. And after what happened, I'm sure he wouldn't dare try anything again. Stop, stop, okay? You're breaking my heart. I mean, you are so gullible, I don't even know now if I can go to bed with you. I'll feel like a heel. Of course, I could always grit my teeth and try. I do appreciate your concern, but I don't need you to fight my battles for me. Let's not talk about it anymore, all right? No. No, I want to talk about it, Mary Jo. We've been going out for a while now, and I think maybe it's time we put something on the line, here. Now you know how I feel about you. And I just don't want anybody even thinking that you're available. So I am asking you not to go. Don't give me an ultimatum, J.D. I have a responsibility to... to Suzanne, and Julia, and Charlene. We got $150,000 dollar note at Atlanta International. This is not the kind of job that I can afford just to throw away. Is that your answer? Yes. Well, that was the wrong one. I don't mean to seem immature, but I'd like my hat back, if you don't mind. I just want you to know something. I am not happy with you. Not happy. I forgot my kids. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Then, what'd she say? Uh-huh. I should never have let Mary Jo go out there alone. Well, how could you have stopped her? She's so stubborn. I guess she has some kind of misguided sense of responsibility to us, but nothing is worth putting up with this kind of harassment. What worries me the most is that she's so polite. What does polite have to do with it? Well, you know, some women are so well-mannered and easily intimidated, that if a man they know comes on to them, they're afraid of causing trouble. It's just not as cut and dry as being attacked by a stranger. Well, Marcy Patterson says she knows a lot of people who have been out with Hence Winchester, and they all think he's a perfect gentleman. Of course, she didn't know anyone who'd ever turned him down. I say we get in the car and drive out there. Well, why? Now Marcy says he's a nice guy. Suzanne, nice guys don't rip skirts. Well, it could've just been a misunderstanding. I used to be naive like that till I rode the bus and sat next to Jim Herb Hodge from Fort Benning, Georgia. Don't make this a long one, please. At first, he just had his arm up on the back of my seat. I thought, "Well, he's just resting it." I mean, I try to be nice to soldiers, even in peace time. Anyway, pretty soon, it started slowly creeping down. I'm thinking to myself, "This man is a sex pervert." The next thing I knew, it went right back up on the back of the seat. I thought to myself, "Charlene, that was so silly of you to think he was a pervert." Then I just went right off to sleep. Is that the end? No, when I woke up, he'd gotten into my suitcase and had my bra on his head. Okay. That does it. Let's go. I'm sorry. Did that story upset you? No. I just don't want you to tell another one. [Mary Jo] Hence? Hence! [Hence] Mary Jo? Oh, uh, the front door was open. I'll just wait for you downstairs. No, don't do that. Come in here. We have to match the tile samples in here. Just sit down and relax, I'll be right out. Okay. ♪♪ [soft rock] Oh, no. Excuse me, I thought we made a deal on the phone. Let's forget the deal, let's dance. Hence, I don't know what kind of game you're playing, but it's not funny anymore. Get your hands off me. Come on, I just want a few minutes of your time. I just want to talk to you, no big deal. What do you think you're doing? Now come on, don't give me a hard time. Just lighten up. I just want to get to know you. Why don't we just test out the mattress? I don't want to test out the mattress. I want you to let me out of here. Mary Jo, what are you afraid of? Come on, I'm not going to hurt you. Why don't you come on up here, get in my hot tub, relax, and I'll fix us a couple drinks, okay? I don't want to get into the hot tub, and I don't want a drink. Give me the key. Okay. I'll give you what you want if you give me what I want. You know what you are? You're a rapist. If you think that you are going to force me to do anything I don't want to do, you are dead wrong. I'm not like those women in the movies that get strangled in nine seconds. What do you think, just because you look like Robert Redford, it's not rape? Nobody's turned me down yet. I'm sure nobody ever had the chance. Come on, I'm getting a little tired of these games. I warn you. You get away from me. Why don't you just give in? You know you want me, and you know... [knocking] [J.D.] Mary Jo, Are you in there? Open up. Mary Jo? [panting] [whimpering] Are you all right? Oh, honey, come here. I was at the ball park. I just got so worried about you, I couldn't work. Am I interrupting something? Hence, he w-wouldn't let go of me. I'm going to kill the bastard. [Hence] What is going on? You want to know what's going on? I'll tell you what's going on. Who are you? I'm with her, that's who I am. What's your dog's name? What dog? Told you he didn't have a dog. J.D. I'm growing very fond of you. And I'm very fond of you. Hey, this is working out great, huh? [all] Oh. It looks like Mary Jo has got the situation under control. What are y'all doing here? Well, we came to rescue you. He looks better with his clothes on. You think so? I don't. I know that's not the issue. Who knocked him out? Well, we both did. Mary Jo, are you all right? Yeah, I'm fine. You all were sweet to come. Well, we were worried about you, with good reason. I'm just glad J.D. got here first to save you. This is so romantic. Well, I mean, he didn't exactly save me. [in deep voice] Yes, I did, and I'll tell you something else. I'd do it again, little lady. I think we should get out of here before he comes to. I think he's going to be in a bad mood. Great idea. I've had as much of this guy as I can stand. - Julia, aren't you coming? - Yes, I am. I'm just leaving our business card. I'm taking the liberty of writing him a little message. [Mary Jo] What's it say/ "Dear Mr. Winchester, just wanted you to know, Sugarbakers' always finishes the job." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 