Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In 
 s1e6 - Larry Storch, Connie Stevens, Nancy Ames, Buddy Hackett, Jerry Lewis, Leonard Nimoy, Ed Platt, Dinah Shore, Paul Williams, The Temptations - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (1967–1973): Season 1, Episode 6 - Larry Storch, Connie Stevens, Nancy Ames, Buddy Hackett, Jerry Lewis, Leonard Nimoy, Ed Platt, Dinah Shore, Paul Williams, The Temptations - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Announcer] The following program is brought to you in living color on NBC. - And now the house lights dim. The overture is about to begin. And here comes Mr. First Nighter for tonight's concert. - Does NBC know this show is on the air? - Well I certainly hope so. - And now, direct from the Starlight Roof of the Nut and Sweet Shop here in beautiful downtown Burbank. - Did, did, did he say Nut and Sweet Shop? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Listen they can't all be gems. - You need a program to tell the nuts from the sweets. - NBC presents Rowan & Martin's one man show. ("Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In Theme" by Ian Bernard) Starring Dan Rowan and Dick Martin. With guest stars Larry Storch. The Temptations. And special guest star, Connie Stevens. With Judy Carne. Arte Johnson. And Henry Gibson. Goldie Hawn. Larry Hovis. Roddy Maude-Roxby. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Jo Anne Worley. Yours truly, Gary Owens. And Morgul as the Friendly Drelb. - Tonight's program is brought to you by the charming folks down at... ("Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In Theme" by Ian Bernard) - And now moving along with our one man show, here is Dan Rowan and the lovely Dick Martin. (audience applauds) - Good evening, ladies and gentleman. We're certainly happy to be back with you for another hour of madness. - Hey you know I may not be able to stay here for the whole hour. - Why not? - Well I may just have to leave early. - You can't do that. - Well I thought after John Wayne was through I'd take him to dinner. - You gonna start that again tonight? - What do you mean, I never took John Wayne to dinner before. - Well now you know he isn't coming here this evening. - Well he didn't tell me he wasn't coming. - He didn't tell you he was coming. - Well I called him. - What'd he say? - He said he was out. - Dick, now you can't keep throwing John Wayne's name around like that, it's not fair. - I couldn't agree more. - Well I'm glad to hear that. - I certainly hope he knows the way. (audience laughs) - You hope who knows the way? - Robert Mitchum. - What does he have to do with it? - Well he's a good friend of John Wayne's, isn't he? - Well so what? - Well if they're coming here one of 'em ought to know the way! (audience laughs) - Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize to you on behalf of my partner. John Wayne and Robert Mitchum, neither one of them, are going to be here this evening. - There's two horses in the parking lot. - Whoopee! - Just happened to be parked next to Bette Davis' car. - That must be a thrill. - Well if Bette Davis is in the vicinity you never can tell. (chuckles) - You never, can never can tell what? - Well she may drop in and see us. - Well she may not. - Well right there we gotta 50/50 chance. - Oh boy. Hey if you're through with all your hallucinations, it's perfectly alright. - It's been cleared. - Did you like that? - That's one of the step brothers. - Yeah let's talk about some of the people who are here tonight. We have a very lovely lady tonight. - Ingrid Bergman. - Now Ingrid Bergman's not here. - Well it's a name like Ingrid Bergman. - Connie Stevens? - That's it, that's the one. - That's like Ingrid Bergman. - Yeah, she's mad about me. - Connie Stevens is mad about you? - Of course not. - I didn't think so. - Ingrid Bergman is mad about me. - Hey we got one of the funniest guys here you ever saw, Larry Storch. - From F Troop? - That's the one. - Oh he just happens to be one of my favorite's. - You like him, huh? - Who? - Larry Storch. - From F Troop? - That's the one. - He just happens to be one of my favorite... - Now cut that out. Oh and we've got The Temptations. - Oh I love her, oh boy. - It's not her, it's them. - Them her, her them. - You don't even know The Temptations? - Whom? - You'm. - Me'm? - Yeah'm. - I do. - You don't know them. - I do, too, I can name all of 'em. - You can name The Tempt..., go ahead, name The Temptations. - Well, there's envy, greed, lust... - You can't say that. - And peanut butter. - You can't say that. - Well I could if I was on the Smothers Brothers Show. - Hey, what's coming. - Hi Dick. - Hi Goldie! - Folks this is one of our regular members of the company, Goldie Hawn. (audience applauds) - Isn't she wild? - Hey could I play a solo tonight? - Listen, it's alright with me. - I didn't know she played an instrument, did you? - Full of surprises this kid. - I guess so. - Yeah! - See I play the harp in here. - No kidding, that's a harp. - That is a harp, yeah. - Could I play it now? - Why not, go ahead. - Give it a whack. - Okay. (Goldie yells and audience laughs) - What was that all about? - Search me. - Alright. - No, no, come on, let's go to the party. You'd like to come along too, wouldn't ya? (audience applauds) (band music) - My granddaddy the Colonel says you just can't be too white. (audience laughs) (band music) Y'all think success will spoil a child de Gaulle? - You see, your problem in America is that you don't understand de Gaulle. Our problem in France is, we do. (audience laughs) (band music) - I do wish they'd stop the war so our boys can come home from Canada. - Well if the camel eat only of the olive bush, think then of the jealousy of the fig bush. (audience laughs) (band music) - What do you have to call your husband for, we'll be back in a week. (audience laughs) (band music) - Boris says Red China is our friend. And when they get here they're going to prove it. (laughs hysterically) (audience laughs) (band music) - The trouble with today's children is they just haven't learned enough about the bible. Why it's enough to try the patience of job. (audience laughs) - Very interesting. But not funny. (audience laughs) (band music) - My doctor says I have the body of a 70 year old. - That's the most beautiful thing I ever heard. (audience laughs) (band music) - My granddaddy the Colonel says that Gettysburg was the American Pearl Harbor. (audience laughs) (band music) - Now you take the French people. Or better yet, go to Paris and let the French people take you. (audience laughs) (band music) - With my parents, the generation gap is more of a demilitarized zone. - Which brings to mind the story of what the dancing girl gave the shah's bodyguard. It is a goodie. (audience laughs) (band music) - Alright, so you made your mother a promise. I made my father a promise, so what? (audience laughs) (band music) - Boris says capitalism doesn't work. But then neither does Boris! (audience laughs) (band music) - I must say I was frightfully pleased when you Americans made so much of our Twiggy. - Well why wouldn't we, we believe all men are created equal. (audience laughs) (band music) - Boris has something for everybody. Unless of course, you bring your wife. (audience laughs) (band music) (audience applauds) (comical buzzing) (audience laughs) - Two ball in the side pocket. - Pshaw. (stick cracks) (audience laughs) (band music) - I want to see my baby. Somewhere over the rainbow - Don't do that, you'll strain your voice. (audience laughs) (newspaper crinkles) - Alright, who stole the crossword puzzle? (silly music) - Well folks out there in television land, moving right along now we spotlight stars of tomorrow today. It's Laugh-In's new talent time. (bugle music) Band, band sounds a little better. - Sounded like a couple of 'em started using both lips. - That must be it. - The drummer, I think. - Yeah. - Hey, gotta surprise for you tonight. - You got another goodie, yeah? - Oh have I got a dandy. - Ah how'd you like to forget it. - Oh no, wait 'til ya see this surprise. - Yeah you been trottin' 'em out here week after week and I'm gettin'... - A little leery. - You're gonna love it! - A little leery. - You're gonna love it! - You're gonna love it! - Forget it. - I'm leaving, you take over. - Honest, you don't wanna see? - Don't want any part of it. - Oh you're gonna be sorry. Ladies and gentlemen, for the first time anywhere, Laugh-In proudly presents Miss Inga Neilsen. - Yeah. (audience applause) Another ding dong he dug up. - This is the ding dong. - Well I'm about to offer free room and board for a lifetime. (audience laughs) My goodness. - Hey, you know what she does? - I don't care what she does. - Oh she does it well, too. Miss Neilsen happens to be the bugle instructor at the elementary school here in beautiful downtown Burbank. Would you like to see her blow the bugle? - I shoulda known she blew bugle, ha ha ha. She only has to breathe once a month. - Alright, now hold up. Now, be that as it may, stepping into the Laugh-In spotlight... - And filling it up to tippy top. - The fickle finger of fate points with pride to the lovely Inga Neilsen. (band music) (bugle plays poorly) - Great, great! Oh beautiful! Julliard, four years. Beautiful! Oh, come on let's cheer for this. Now that's talent. Oh good. (audience applauds) Get it baby, get it. We're goin' home. Get it. (audience applauds) Beautiful, oh! I never heard anything like that. (Dick yells approvingly) - Most unusual. - Could you come back again next week? - Oh that's the only song I know. - Oh we get a lotta requests for that one. Oh come on, let's go sit down and rest your lips. Come on. - Well movin' right along now from the classics to the more popular vein we're proud and pleased to present to you, direct from India, the famous Krishna Guru. (audience applause) - It always worked that way in India. (Krishna grunts and yelps) - Well, moving right along in the concert flavor. Tonight's new top, don't worry about it, here are four lovely young ladies to sing an old English madrigal. - Ladies and gentlemen, The Prunk Sisters. (audience applauds) There was an old man and he had an old sow How Ow Aye diddle dow There was an old man and he had an old sow La la ba row da re Oh Susanna's a funny old man Man Man Man Susanna's a funny old man Now this poor old sow she had nine little pigs Pigs Pigs Aye diddle digs Now this poor old sow she had nine little pigs La la ba row da re Oh Susanna's a funny old man Man Man Man Susanna's a funny old (kazoo music) Man (audience applauds) - Well that about wraps it up for tonight's new talent department. - You wanna explain that last song to me? - No time now, pal, the fickle finger of fate has fathomed the future of the favored few and having fulfilled their fondest fantasies, says farewell. - Well they ain't gonna say farewell to all of 'em because me and the bugle player, we're gonna start our own parade. C'mon honey, hold that tiger, hold that... (audience laughs) (band music) - Two of clubs. Three of diamonds. Four of spades. Jack of diamonds. - Where are the cards? - Oh I can't do it with cards. (audience laughs) Whenever I feel afraid I hold my head erect And cry (cries hysterically) - Today marks the birthday of M.L. Drake, the man who invented the first concrete canoe. Mr. Drake would have been 32 today. (audience laughs) (band music) (splashing) - Well, what do ya think, Omar? - They'll never get it off the ground, Harold. (audience laughs) - Two cushion bank shot in the corner pocket. What do ya think of that? (audience chuckles) - Yup, I never thought you could do it. - And now, folks, it's sock it to me time. (club pops) - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. (laughs) - Sock it to me? (kazoo blares) (audience laughs) - Was that a dove I just saw fly into the Johnson kitchen? - I certainly hope so. (audience laughs) (band music) - And now folks it's time for the Rowan & Martin Report, when each week Laugh-In looks at the news, past, present, and future. What's the news across the nation We have got the information In a way we hope will amuse Yous We just love to give you our view Ya ya ya ya Ladies and gents Laugh-In looks at the news - Sing your little heart out, honey. Ya ya ya ya Ladies and gents Laugh-In looks at the news - [All] Here's Dan. (audience applauds and cheers) - Yes and now here with the news of the present, the man to whom the news wouldn't be the news without the news, here's Dickie. (audience applauds) (band music) - We came out together. Wrong. Well ladies and gentlemen, may be the good fairy pour swarley all over your kecklepeck. That oughta get ya. First item today, the Planned Parenthood Society today announced some of the wonderful things they won't be doing next year. So far, today, in 1968, the marriage rate has gone up almost 15 percent. Which means that leap year has certainly started off with a - Bang. - Well cruising right ahead, today was the day that Robert Dunn had predicted the world would come to an end. Mr. Dunn was proven correct today when he was hit by a truck. (laughs) Okay, take it away, Goldie. - And now with the news of the past. Twenty years from now, 1988, here's Dan! (audience applauds) - That's news of the future. Twenty years from now. 1988, the entertainment industry watches as the battle continues to wage between the Smothers Brothers and the CBS censors. From the CBS headquarters in Miami Beach, Florida, a spokesman for CBS said. - Bee-beep, bee-beep, bee-beep. - While the censors at NBC snapped back with this crisp comment. - Gnyee gnyee, gnyee. - And at the same time, ABC was saying. - We don't even have a show on at that time of night. (audience laughs) - While the chairman of the FCC summarized the president's position like this. (loud snores) (audience laughs) (audience applauds) Item. Chicago, 1988. Mr. Scott Vernon celebrated his 185th birthday, today. Mr. Vernon is perhaps the most famous of the many successful heart transplant recipients. We now take you to Chicago and to Mr. Vernon. Mr. Vernon, how many hearts have you received? - Oh a lot of 'em, you know, I don't know, 47, 48, they just pop 'em in, I just tick away. (Scott laughs) - [Dick] I notice you have many congratulatory notes there on the desk. - Yeah I got a whole stack-a here cards and things from people about the wonderful hearts and all. I'm gonna get a zipper put in. (laughs) - [Dick] May as well. Our congratulations to you. Do you have any message for our viewers? - Yes I do, just keep those hearts, and letters, coming in, folks. (laughs) Boom boom! - Now with the news of the past, Laugh-In goes merrily back through history to the good ship Mayflower, which has just dropped another anchor in Plymouth Harbor. - So, as we leave the good ship Mayflower, and head forth into this new land, which we have named after our navigator, Americo Vespucci, we will sing the new national anthem which bears his name. Altogether now. And-a one, and-a two, and-a three, and-a four. Vespucci Vespucci God shed his grace on thee - Well, here they come. - Mmm, there go neighborhood. (audience laughs) - We come now to our nightly feature, Analysis of the News, with Dr. Joyce Mothers, our news psychiatrist. - Hello Dr. Mothers, this week we are taking a look at Howard Hughes. - Oh what a coincidence. I've devoted the last year to writing a full 150 page personal, intimate, probing analysis of dear Howard. I've entitled it An Intimate Probing Analysis of Dear Howard. (audience laughs) - Well then, Dr. Mothers, you're one of the few people that actually know Howard Hughes then. - Uh uh, never met him. - [Dick] Well then you certainly have done considerable research on his life? - No, actually I feel that any real personal knowledge about someone just throws me off the track. - Oh, for instance, we all know that Howard Hughes is a very wealthy man. - I didn't know that. That would be good for my book. - From a psychiatrist standpoint, Dr. Mothers, why is he doing all this? - Well as I can see it, he as a child obviously led a deprived life. - Well no actually he didn't lead a, he was wealthy even then. - Well that only goes to prove my point, hmph. - [Dick] Analyze someone, you obviously know nothing about him. - Well it's really quite simple. For instance, the other day, a woman wrote to me and said, my husband likes to come into our living room after dinner and sit in my evening gown. Does he have a problem? I replied, no, he solved his problem. You have the problem. - Well, thank you, Dr. Mothers. Next week Dr. Mothers will be back with her penetrating analysis of Keith Purcell, the man and his music. That's the news across the nation Now you've got the information Thanks a lot we hope it amused yous We just love to give you our view Ya ya ya ya Ladies and gents Laugh-In looked at the news - Well now moving along with our Rowan & Martin Report, here's something for all you sports lovers. It's time to call 'em as we seem 'em as Laugh-In takes you to our live coverage of the game of the week. (ticking) - And now, here's a very important message. (tapping) - Can I get up today? - Why not. (guitar string strums) - Help me up, doctor. - Doctor, I'm a painter! Let's hear a song of happiness Let's march together arm in arm The way we thought of happiness The times we spent out on the farm We watched the animals at play I held you while the trombones play Sing a song March along It's the victory on the farm march (audience laughs) - Awwww. - I like this job. You get to wear a uniform and you get to travel around. We get sent to all the outposts of the British empire. Of course, that limits us a bit. (audience laughs) - Ole. - (chuckles) Dick was supposed to be here to announce the station break. Dick! Dick? (ticking) - If the Flying Nun married the Smothers Brothers, she'd be Sister Brother? - If Dinah Shore married John Byner, she'd be Dinah Biner. - If Ida Lupino married Don Ho, she'd be Ida Ho. - If Sybil Burton married Ish Kabibble, she'd be Sybil Kabibble. - If Cyd Charisse married Julius Caesar, she'd be Cyd Caesar. - If Lady Bird Johnson married Admiral Berg, she'd be Lady Bird Berg. - If Humpty Dumpty married Hubert Humphrey, he'd be Humpty Dumpty Humphrey. - If Queen Elizabeth married Steve McQueen, she'd be Queen McQueen. - If Zsa Zsa Gabor married Minnie Ha-Ha, she'd be Zsa Zsa Ha-Ha. - If Hildegarde married Liberace, they still wouldn't have a last name. - If Dean Martin married Frank Sinatra, there'd be a lotta talk. - Due to circumstances beyond our control, we continue with tonight's show. - The second half of Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In is brought to you by... - Here, here, here. Cut that out. ("Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In Theme" by Ian Bernard) - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. (splashing) Cute, cute, that's really cute. Loved it. - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. - Sock it to who? - Seven ball in the side pocket. - That's an easy one, sport. (audience laughs) - Darling, we've gotta stop meeting like this. I think Harold's getting suspicious. - Good fun, what we call this game? - Bridge. - I did it first. - And now, here's Laugh-In's girl in the White House. (fire alarm blares) - Hi Dan, Nancy Pickerson here, NBC News. Right outside the White House. (woman screams) Sorry you caught me on such a dull news day. There's just nothing happening around Washington these days. So I guess it's back to the Rowan & Martin Report. - Tonight Mod Mod World looks at America at play. Our subject, vacations. (band music) Say did you know that tonight Mod Mod World takes a look at the wonderful world of vacations? - I can hardly wait. - You like vacations, huh? - Well I guess so. You know every year a whole bunch of us, we get an ocean liner and take a trip. - An ocean liner? That sounds fun, where do you go? - Pike's Peak. (audience laughs) - You can't go to Pike's Peak in an ocean liner. - Don't tell me, tell the captain. (laughing) - Well, where ya gonna go this year, Omaha? - No I thought I'd rent a car and drive to Europe. - Well you can't drive to Europe. - Why on earth not? - Well in the first place, President Johnson says that foreign travel is out. - Well that doesn't present a whole big problem, I'll just go to Africa then. - Oh that'll solve it. - Sure. - That isn't foreign travel to you, huh? - No. - It isn't in this country, pal. - What isn't? - Africa. - Well a fat lot you may know. - Somethin' happen since I turn my back I didn't know about? - Well we got Alaska, didn't we? - Yeah. - And Hawaii? - Yeah. Well have you seen the evening paper yet? (audience laughs) - Aw come on. - How do you know we haven't got Africa? - Aw come on now, you can't, and the president, when the president says that all Americans should stay at home that's what you should do. Stay at home. - Well I'm gonna miss it, I'm sorry. - What do you mean you're gonna miss it. - Rome! (laughing) - Rome? - Well that's some of the greatest fun I've ever, Rome is probably one of the fondest places I'm of'ed. - You know what worries me? - I love Rome. - Is I'm beginning to understand that. - Yeah but I don't think historically speaking you've had the fun in Rome that I have. - Probably not. - Well I happen to have stood on the very spot where Caesar killed Brutus. - Caesar didn't kill Brutus. - Oh I'm glad he pulled through. - Oh come on, now you don't understand. - Oh he had me worried. - No no no you're historically incorrect. Brutus killed Caesar. - Now I heard it the other way around. - You heard that Caesar killed Brutus? - Funny, so did I. - You know what's a fun trip? - Huh. - Why don't you go take a look at Niagara Falls. - Where? - Well it isn't right here, it's in Buffalo. - Well let's go jump on a Buffalo and go look at it. - Ahh jump on your buffalo and go look at it. - Can you believe full grown men acting like that? - I don't care what anyone says, I'm gonna go to Europe. - Yeah I kinda wish you would. You're gonna go against the president, huh? - What could he do to me? - What could he do, for openers, when's the last time you saw a movie starring George Hamilton? (audience laughs) - By George, you're right. You know he was replaced by Lyle Talbot last time. - Read the card. - You know you're right. So with that in mind, let's take a look at Mod Mod World of Vacations. - Maybe I shouldn't have asked ya. - Hmmm. - Now, let's see what the average man has to say about vacations. - And how do you spend your vacations? - Oh well, actually we're a bit different from most couples. Mr. Philbred, my husband, well in his later years you know he just lost his taste for the mountains, fishing, the ocean, you know usual things. So a girlfriend and I usually just go off and for the past four or five years he's just stayed home and puttered around the house. - I see. - There's a phone call for you Mrs. Philbred. - Thank you, dear, excuse me. - Certainly. - How long has she been with you? - Oh for the past four or five years. (audience laughs) (band music) - Excuse me, ma'am, I don't mean to be impertinent but you happen to be going to Cleveland? - Yes, yes I am. - Please don't misunderstand me, but are you married? - No, no I'm not, why do you ask? - Well this airline has a vacation special for married couples and I thought that if we were to pretend that, you know, we were married traveling together, we could save some money. - I never thought of that. (giggles) - Yeah I've seen the movie on this flight anyway so they're already ahead of me. It's not really cheating. - Okay, what do I do? - Just act natural. - [Connie] Okay, I'll try. (Dan whistles) You better straighten your tie though. - Hmm? - Straighten up your tie and brush your hair back a little. I like you to look nice. (audience chuckles) - Alright. You sit by the window, I'll take the aisle seat. - So you can talk to the stewardess the whole trip? Not on your life. You sit by the window. - But it makes me sick. - If you'd gone to the doctor like you were supposed to. - Me? - Stop shouting. - Who's shouting? - Don't you raise your voice to me. - Please, uh... - Mildred. Mildred. You can't even remember my name. - Shhh Mildred. - Excuse me, can I help you, sir? - Yes, two tourist tickets to Cleveland. Family plan. - Tourist? You're taking me tourist? Well I have had it. I am sick and tired of your penny pinching miserable ways and your sloppy personal habits. And your continuous philandering. We're through. (audience laughs) - Excuse me. You don't happen to be going to Cleveland, do you? (audience laughs) (band music) - Hey seriously, Dick, where are you going to spend your vacation? - Where else, in beautiful downtown Burbank. - Now hold it. We've been getting a lot of complaints on the show about the jokes about downtown Burbank. - Folks, believe me, beautiful downtown Burbank is no joke. - Well you've done it again. - What? I love Burbank. Why it's the sin center... - The sun center. - Sun center, I'm sorry. Keep those cards, you got, we got Dean Martin's cue card man. It's the sun center of the San Fernando Valley. - That's true. - Why I even wrote a song about it. - You wrote a song about it? - So did I. - Great, let's hear 'em both. - Alright. When you plan your next vacation See the garden spot that's fairest in the nation For a groovy new sensation Visit downtown Burbank Slow down when you pass here There are bloomin' flowers and tons and tons of grass here And the nightlife is a gas here Visit downtown Burbank Girls are sweet And boys are kissable And the weather is swell You should see the big municipal water and power And the nerd hotel It's a far cry from Tahiti And there's just a chance you might see Warren Beatty It's a beauty It's a sweetie Visit downtown Burbank Downtown Burbank U.S.A. See the pretty pancake house See the local bank If you're near a studio you might see Dean and Frank See the happy city hall See the leafy tree See the famous TV stars at lovely NBC Everybody needs diversion When he gets down in the mouth If you'd like a chic excursion Well fabulous Glendale is a few blocks down Come on pay a visit But we don't like people asking us what is it Better look sharp you could miss it There's a charming railroad track With a station in the back And a choo choo painted black on the way To lovely Burbank Happy Burbank Really Burbank Groovy Burbank Burbank swings likes a pendulum new It's downtown Burbank U.S.A. (audience applauds) - Great! Great! What's the matter? - I think that's terrible. - What's terrible? - Why that song they just sang. They didn't show any of the beautiful parts of Burbank. They didn't show the schools, they didn't show the beautiful churches, how do you think he's going to feel? - How you do you think who's gonna feel? - The mayor. - The mayor of beautiful downtown Burbank is here? - Now this is the legitimate guy, this is the real mayor. - The real, oh it's not a kidding around? - No kidding around. - It's not a kidding around mayor. - Not a kidding, he's a serious, very nice man. Ladies and gentlemen, His Honor, the Mayor of Burbank, Mr. Charles Compton. (audience applauds) This is my partner, Dick Martin. - Very nice to meet you, sir. - It's a pleasure to have you here. - I want to tell you boys how pleased all of us are in Burbank to be the host city of your wonderful program. - Well that's very kind of you to say that and we appreciate the fact that you don't mind a little kidding. - We like to think of our Burbank city as the city with a sense of humor. - Well you better have one because we do a lot of talkin' about Burbank. You seem to be a happy man, you must like being mayor here. - I certainly do. - Well does that mean, sir, that you won't be entering the California primary? - No, I'm going to serve out my full term as mayor of Burbank. And then I'm going to run for president. - Ha ha! Remember folks, you heard it here first. - Well thank you mayor, it's a pleasure to have met you, sir. Let's hear it for the mayor of Burbank. - Ten cheers for the mayor. (audience applauds) (silly music) - Oh we've got to stop meeting like this. I think Harold is getting suspicious. (audience laughs) - And now we proudly introduce The Mothers. A record breaking act from Detroit. (screaming) On a clear day You can see Claire Trelvert (audience laughs) - You have an inflamed liver but I wouldn't worry. - Oh? Well if you had an inflamed liver I wouldn't worry either. (audience laughs) - The old winter, the best ones. (audience laughs) - And now, folks, it's sock it to me time. - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. (laughs) Sock it to yourself. (audience laughs) (cracking and splashing) - Scrambled two. - I say Connie, have you ever seen beautiful downtown Burbank by candlelight? - No, Roddy I haven't. - Well here's a candle, you go straight down Alameda Avenue and turn left, you'll find it somewhere. - Darling we can't go on meeting this way. I think Harold's getting suspicious. (audience laughs) - So remember, send us five thousand dollars and a new Rolls-Royce and we'll send you a statement in 25 words or less. (audience laughs) - Are you sure blondes have more fun? - And now over to you, Miss Mona. - (laughs) Hi, Mona Blared here in Hollywood with a real Hollywood scoop. (laughs) - It says here elephants are found in Africa. But they're so big, how do they get lost? - Alright, you're so smart, how do you get down off an elephant? - You don't get off an elephant, you get down off a duck. (audience laughs) - Alright, guess what I got in my hand. - An elephant. - What color? - Blue, ha ha ha ha ha. - Ohhhh. - Takes you back, don't it? - Now once again... - You need a shave. - That's the back of my head. - Oh. - And now, once again. It's time to meet and greet the late great, would you stop that. The Temptations. ("Get Ready" by The Temptations) I never met a girl who makes me feel the way that you do You're alright Whenever I'm asked who makes my dreams real I say that you do You're outta sight So fee fi fo fum Look out baby 'cause here I come And I'm bringing you a love that's true So get ready so get ready I'm gonna try to make you love me too So get ready so get ready 'cause here I come Get ready 'cause here I come I'm on my way Get ready 'cause here I come If you wanna play hide and seek with love Let me remind you It's alright But the lovin' you're gonna miss And the time it takes to find you It's outta sight So fiddley-dee fiddley-dum Look out baby 'cause here I come And I'm bringing you a love that's true So get ready so get ready I'm gonna try to make you love me too So get ready so get ready 'cause here I come Get ready 'cause here I come I'm on my way Get ready 'cause here I come Get ready If all my friends should want you too I'll understand it Be alright I hope I get to you before they do The way I planned it Be outta sight So tweedlee-dee tweedlee-dum Look out baby 'cause here I come And I'm bringing you a love that's true So get ready so get ready I'm gonna try to make you love me too So get ready so get ready 'cause here I come Get ready 'cause here I come I'm on my way Get ready 'cause here I come Get ready 'cause here I come (audience applause) - Tonight once again Laugh-In looks at an important element of our every day lives. - I didn't know that. - Something that is with us every hour, every day. - Is it bigger than a bread box? - Yes, infinitely. It is crime. - Hmm, crime? - Right, no city in our nation is free of the consequences of crime. - Hold it now, beautiful downtown Burbank is. - That may be the one possible exception. - Ha ha ha. A little bit of crime helps to wind out the time It keeps policemen busy And it doesn't cost a dime Without a little crime or two the news would be a dud Without it a-Truman Capote Would never have written In Cold Blood Every dirty deed both for profit and for greed Can give a judge and jury almost anything they need Listen Jill and Johnny Take a different Clyde and Bonnie And they'll write about your life in music and in rhyme And your little bit little bit little bit Of crime - As a businessman, I believe that we should legalize crime. Each year more than 22 million dollars is stolen from banks alone. Now the income tax on that could help pay off the national debt. (audience laughs) Crime is just good business and it's organized. - The police have really begun to crack down on crime and criminals almost daily. Scenes like this are happening in every major city. - Ah, this is disgraceful. Look at this sloppy penmanship. Look you didn't dot an i, you didn't cross a t. It looks like a chicken walked all over it. Now you go back over there and write 300 times, this is a stickup. (audience laughs) (gunfire) - Excuse me. Excuse me I hate to interrupt you. (laughs) - What do ya want? - Well I couldn't help noticing these people down here. (laughs) And I thought you might have something you might want to tell me. Off the record, of course. - You callin' me a killa? - Oh no, never. That's a very nice gun. But I'm wondering, some of the fellas and I, and the judge and some lawyers, are gonna be getting together next Thursday down at the courthouse, and if it's not too inconvenient, would you come down maybe? As our guest, of course. - Thursday? - Yeah, Thursday. - You outta your mind, I'm going to Las Vegas Thursday. - Oh, oh, well look, here's my card and if you will, when you get back in town, if you think of it, just give me a call. I'd appreciate it, okay? Thanks. - Police brutality. - Without crime where would television be, huh? What about The Defenders? What about Eliot Ness? What about Jerry Lewis? - Come on, America, tell the truth. You all steal a little. Income tax, expense accounts, things like that, right? Well stop it. Follow the example of the leaders of industry. Don't steal a little, steal a lot! (audience laughs) - What about Jerry Lewis? - Thanks to crime, I know where my boy is at night. Cell block 11, Sing Sing. - Jerry Lewis is in Sing Sing? - Remember, stealing is all relative. So tomorrow, stick up your uncle. - Wives of America, tell the truth. Now how many shopping carts have you brought home? - What about Jerry Lewis? - And don't forget the immortal words of Al Capone. - Happy Valentine's Day! - That wasn't nice. Commit a little crime You may serve a little time And when your lawyers frees you You'll be far above your crime But if you hide your treasure Your old range will be a pleasure And your providence unseated Living in sublime With a little bit little bit little bit little bit Little bit little bit little bit little bit little bit Little bit little bit Of crime (audience applause) - What are you doing that for? - Keeps elephants away. - Are you kidding? There's not an elephant within a thousand miles from here. - You see, it works! (audience laughs) - They know 'em all. (silly music) - Get some rose or ride with it. - I was gonna get a hardware store. - Dan, Dan can I talk to you for a minute? I'm a bit worried. - What about? - They got some - fellas back there. And they got it rigged up to fly me through the air. - Yeah. - Now, it makes me nervous. I'm worried about it. - Oh well, think no more about it. - If you don't wanna do it, it's out. - That's it. - Oh you're kidding, really? - [Dan And Dick] No! - You'd do that for me? - Of course. - Sure. - You mean I don't have to take the chance of gettin' hurt or anything? - Don't be silly. - No sir, word of honor. - Oh that's great. Oh I feel so much better, you don't know. You just got no idea how... (guitar strums) (audience laughs) - Well that's one less. (silly music) - You know what my gripe is? I'm sick and tired of hearing all those jokes about chickens. Every other group has someone to protect 'em. Nobody's protecting the chickens. Why does a chicken cross the road? Huh, is that funny? I know a lotta chickens that don't think that's funny. For me, I love chickens. Especially the legs. (audience laughs) - If they don't like it here, why don't they go back where they came from? (audience laughs and applauds) - Come on, it's your shot, shoot! - Okay I'll shoot. (gunfire) - Ahhhh! (audience laughs) - Well it's time to say goodnight, Dick. - Goodnight Dick. - Goodnight Dick. - Goodnight Dick. - Goodnight Dick. (Judy grunts) - Goodnight Dick. (water splashing) - Muah. - And we have a lulu for you next week. You wanna be sure... - Hey I'd wonder if you'd mind if I said goodnight to a very old and dear friend of mine. - I wouldn't mind but the FCC objects. - I don't know anyone with those initials. So I wonder if I could say goodnight to an old and very dear friend of mine. - It's probably gonna speed things along if you just went ahead and did it. - Yeah go ahead. - Thank you. - Goodnight, John Wayne, wherever you are. (audience laughs) - Say goodnight, Dick. - Goodnight Dick. - Good night everybody, hope you had a good time. (band music) (audience applauds) - Did you hear about the farmer who crossed an elephant with a hen? - No, tell us about it. - Every time she sits down she cracks her eggs. - See there's another chicken joke. - Do you like tea? - Oh yes. I also like B, R, W, and V. But I really love chickens! - Knock knock. - Who's there? - USA. - USA who? - USA lovely girl, Connie. - The most difficult year of marriage is the one you're in. - As Sigmund Freud once said in Vienna, (speaks in a pseudo-foreign language) with soap in the bathtub. - What is three feet high and has four legs? - Two midgets. - I don't like my psychiatrist, but I can't leave him, he's such an insecure little man. And he loves chickens! (laughs hysterically) - Hey did you watch the basketball game last night on television? - Oh golly, I couldn't, I had to go out to the basketball game. - My husband's away in Mexico shooting peasants. - You mean pheasants, you don't know your hunting. - No, dummy, I mean peasants. You don't know my husband. Is a pheasant a chicken? (cries hysterically) - It took my analyst two years, but he finally got to the root of the problem. I'm out of my mind. - Knock knock. - Who's there? - Wait a minute, I'll go look. (deep exhaling) - Knock knock. - Who's there. - I don't know, I'm still looking. - I don't like Viet Cong, 'cause in the movies he nearly wrecked the Empire State Building. - Here, pick a card. Hey that's a good one. - Knock knock. - Who's there? - Joe. - Joe who? - Joe all come back and see us again real soon now, ya hear? - Eight ball in. - Yeah yeah yeah. - It's my game. - Yeah yeah yeah. - Alright. (audience laughs) - Darling, we've got to stop meeting like this. I think Harold's getting suspicious. (Dick hums) - Well folks, that about wraps it up for tonight. (audience laughs) - Very interesting. But stupid. - Preceding was recorded earlier because we were just not sure about the whole thing. (clapping) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 