Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In 
 s1e4 - Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Walter Slezak, Don Adams, Noel Harrison - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (1967–1973): Season 1, Episode 4 - Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Walter Slezak, Don Adams, Noel Harrison - full transcript 
 Sketches include Maude's World of medicine, Hospital germ sketch, Introduction of classified ads, Wet weather report, Lady Godiva Interview, Paul Gilbert blind juggler, First intestinal ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (swirling, fast-paced music) - [Voiceover] The following program is brought to you in living color on NBC. - And now boys and girls, it's time for tonight's message from the Green Wasp, so turn your secret decoder rings to X13. - This program will be shown overseas to the armed forces, whether they like it, or not. - And now, direct from the lovely Lounge Room, here on the pier of the beautiful reservoir in downtown Burbank, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 NBC presents Rowan and Martin's Laugh In. (audience applauding) Staring Dan Rowan. Dan Rowan and Dick Martin. With guest stars Pamela Austin, The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, and special guest Don Adams. With Judy Carne, Arte Johnson, and Eileen Brennan, Goldie Hawn, Henry Gibson, Jack Riley, Roddy Maude-Roxby, Jo Anne Worley, yours truly Gary Owens, and Morgo as the friendly dweller. - Tonight's program is brought to by the really groovy people at... (jazzy, upbeat music) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - And now ladies and gentlemen, moving right along. Here's the terpsichorean artistry of Dan Rowan and the songs of the ever-lovely Dick Martin. (audience laughing) (audience applauding) - Well hello again, and a very hearty welcome to the Laugh In. - Yeah, I guess it's gonna be a ball tonight, huh? - Hey you're pretty chipper this evening. - Well, isn't everyday I get to be on a show with John Wayne (laughing). - John Wayne? - He's my hero. - Well he's not on the show tonight. - Backed out again? - Hey now, come on, you're gonna have to stop doin' that, people are gonna think that it's his fault. Now he wasn't suppose to be here. Leave him alone, he's a nice guy. - Well anyone who kisses horses all day can't be all bad. - John Wayne doesn't kiss horses. - You didn't see the end of the picture. - Well, forget about John Wayne for just a minute. Hey, now that we've been on a few weeks, you gettin' much reaction to the show? - You know it's amazing, last Tuesday about 15 or 20 people stopped me. - Oh really, what'd they say? (whispering) You're suppose to check those things before you leave the house. (audience laughing) - Well it was mighty embarrassing. - Yeah, well we're gonna have a lot a fun, hey, we got Don Adams tonight. - Hey, Don, I saw Don the other day. - Where? - Over at the phone company. - What was he doin'? - Buyin' a pair a shoes. - Buyin' a pair a shoes. (audience laughing) Listen, oh and Pam Austin's, isn't she pretty? - I guess so. You know if John Wayne ever saw her, he'd forget about that horse (laughing). - Yeah, I think you're right. - You kiss her, you don't get a mouth full a oats. (laughing) (audience laughing) - And of course we have the regular bunch, and The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band's on here tonight. - And Danny Thomas. - There you go again, now they're not gonna see Danny Thomas tonight. - Well they certainly are, his show follows ours. - Oh, you're right. - See. - You're right, it does. Hey Arte. - Hi Arte. - Ladies and Gentlemen, this is one of our regular cast, Arte Johnson. (audience applauding) What in the world are you doin' Arte? - I'm ready for the shaving commercial. - I didn't know we had a shaving commercial. - We don't. - We don't? - No. - Sandy. (audience laughing) - Well, movin' right along now, you're such a nice group we'd like to invite you to a party. - I'll drink to that. - I thought you would. Come on, it's up this way. - Let's go, come on. (audience laughing) (big band music) - There's no such thing as a bad boy, just a lot of nice boys doing disgusting things. (audience laughing) (big band music) - My instinct about people is uncanny. Now take that man over there, something tells me he's not to be trusted. - Which one? - The one who's tearing the clothes off the hostess. (audience laughing) (big band music) - I was wearing turtlenecks long before they became fashionable. (audience laughing) (big band music) - Oh I'm not surprised that Frank and Mia broke up, I'm always been against mixed marriages. (audience laughing) - Roddy, why are you British so attached to the royal family? - Well I think it's the tradition and the pageantry. It's the life's blood of every true Englishman. Besides which, they do amuse our tourists. (audience laughing) (big band music) - After all this country was founded on a revolution, and we think it's time for another. Provided of course the government will subsidize it. (audience laughing) (big band music) - It is said, the heart of the artichoke, and the seed of the persimmon, shall never find peace in the jelly of the guava. (audience laughing) (big band music) - Poor Boris, he's working so hard lately. All day long he's at the CIA, then at night he's up in the attic with the shortwave radio. (laughing) (big band music) (audience laughing) - Oh I've thought about marriage, but I prefer the single life. What was good enough for my father's good enough for me. (audience laughing) (big band music) - I just love tennis, I wouldn't miss the finals at Forest Lawn for anything. (audience laughing) (big band music) - On the other hand, that man over there is obviously a bigot, a racist, and a hate monger. - How can you tell? - Well look at that sign he's carrying, it says I'm a bigot, a racist, and a hate monger. (audience laughing) (big band music) - I believe religion should keep abreast of the times, and the news, the Herald Examiner. (audience laughing) (big band music) - Just think, if Jonathan Rivers divorced Spring Byington, and married Joanie Sommers in the Fall he'd be a man for all seasons, uh. (audience laughing) - You know Roddy, one thing, when Americans get to England they are aggravating. - Oh on the contrary, I think in England they can be very charming, it's over here they're rather aggravating. (audience laughing) (big band music) - My father's idea of a bum trip is a weekend in Cleveland. (audience laughing) (big band music) - It is said the man who burneth incense within the confines of his own room shall never suffer the loss of a pomegranate. (audience laughing) (big band music) - Oh Boris and I have the most vile and political arguments. I say the defense of California begins in Saigon, but Boris says, "Better red than Shirley Temple black." (audience laughing) (big band music) - I've got nothing against getting married, but the way I figure it, why trade a headache for an upset stomach? (audience laughing) (big band music) - Now look at that couple in the corner, you'll never convince me they're married. - Which ones? - Over there, that priest standing talking to that nun. (audience laughing) (big band music) (audience applauding) (fast-paced, whimsical music) (audience laughing) - Fore! (audience laughing) - Merry Christmas to all my readers. - My name is Robin Hood. I rob from the rich, and I give to the poor. - Really? I'm a Republican myself. (audience laughing) Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me... - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. Sock it to me, sock it to me... (water splashing) Ha-ha. Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me... (water splashing) (audience laughing) - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. - Sock it to me? (fast-paced, whimsical music) (audience laughing) - Fore! (telephone ringing) - Hello. Oh, it's for you. - Waiter, waiter. There's fly in my soup. - I'll fetch a fork, sir. (audience laughing) - Would you believe Mister and Missus Jim Smith? - Darling are you sure you wanna go through with this? (audience laughing) (bouncy flute music) (whirring) - Well folks out there... - Whoop. (laughing) Why can't he cheer up? (audience laughing) - Well sports fans, moving right along now, it's time to spotlight the stars of tomorrow today, Laugh In's new talent time. (trumpet music) - Oh we got to do somethin' 'bout them. - I think somebody did. Hey, got a surprise for you tonight. - Forget it. - Oh no, no... - Ah, again with a surprise, huh? - Lovely surprise, one of our own kids. - Oh, you're kidding. - Yeah, Jo Anne Worley. - Oh I love Jo Anne. - Yeah, come on Jo Anne. (audience applauding) - Oh Jo, beautiful. Oh what are you gonna do, honey? - I'm going to do a musical number for you, if I may. - Oh I love it, love it, love it. - Mr. Maestro, please. - Oh, Mr. Maestro, huh? (loud banging) I got rhythm (loud banging) I got music (loud banging) I got my man (loud banging) Who could ask for anything more Old man trouble I don't mind him You won't him round my front door Back door I got starlight I got sweet dreams I got my man Who could ask for anything more Who could ask for anything moooooore (loud banging) (audience applauding) - Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Hey, did ya... (screaming) (laughing) (audience laughing) Didn't mean to startle you, you like that, huh? - Oh boy, that's a little far out there, I can't... - You're always, why don't you show up with somebody yourself, then you wouldn't have to complain. - Just hold, hmm? - Well, what is it then? - I happen to have brought a goody right along with me tonight. - For moi? - Well, for all of us. - Oh, really? - For our viewing pube-lic. - You have a goody? - Yeah. - Who? - You better, one a the most unique acts in show business. - No kiddin'? - Yeah. He's an invisible man. - I don't believe I've ever seen anything quite like that. - Well how could you, I said he was invisible. - Well is he here now? - Well, come on now. I'll bring him out for you. - Okay. - All right, ladies and gentlemen, I ask all of you to join me in welcoming Harold Nub. - Harold Nub? (audience applauding) - Good evening, Mr. Nub. - Good evening, Mr. Martin. - I thought you said he was invisible. - Oh I am invisible. - You're not, I can see you standin' there. - I am invisible, you can't see me. - See, I told you. Tell me Harold, how long have you been invisible? - Well, since I was 12 years old. One morning I woke up and I wasn't there. - Hm. - Obviously. - Absolutely fantastic. And you've never seen yourself since? - [Harold] No, never since, no. - Isn't that amazing. - Well we certainly wanna thank you Mr. Nub for showing up. - I'm over here, Mr. Rowan. - Oh (laughing). (audience laughing) - There you go. Lots a people make that mistake, constantly amusing. (audience applauding) - I told you they'd love Mr. Nub. - Well, you've done it again, boy. But seriously folks. Here's the world's foremost juggler, the fantastic Paul Gheel-bare, The Fantastic. (audience applauding) (plates breaking) (light whimsical music) (audience laughing) (plates breaking) - Another one. Again. - Now ladies and gentlemen tonight, for the first time anywhere, the great Jheel-bare will perform his most difficult trick in total darkness. - Music, maestro. (drum roll) (plates breaking) (audience laughing) - Well what'd you expect? He's doin' it in the total darkness, he can't see anything. - Well I know, but I still... - Well that's our new talent for tonight, folks. I hope you all tune in next week when the fickle finger of fate points at more stars of tomorrow. - The what? - The fickle finger of fate, what would you call it? - Well I might call it a... - The, maybe the fickle finger of fortune. - No, but I might call it... - How 'bout the fortunate fickle finger of fate? - Now cut that out! (audience laughing) (audience applauding) - This is your off-stage announcer, reminding you that this is your off-stage announcer. (audience laughing) - (screaming) Look, there's one a those cute guards, get a picture, Henry (laughing). I'll just fix his, excuse me a minute, may I fix your hat? Give us a smile for the camera. Come on, smile. I'll put this down, you can smile better. (tickling) Come on. (tickling) You can smile. Don't be so shy, darling. (party horn tweeting) Come on, Henry, let's find a real guard. (audience laughing) (gunshot) - Thank you. - There's been a lot a bad publicity lately about companies who turn out war material. So we found someone who, though he is manufacturing wartime products, is nevertheless looking ahead to peacetime. We take you now to Dan Rowan and Mr. Harvey Blunt. (audience applauding) - Good evening, Mr. Blunt. Pleasure to be talking to you. Exactly what is it you manufacture? - Tanks, Blunt tanks. - Uh-huh, yes, and what is it you're going to manufacture in peacetime? - Tanks, Blunt tanks. (audience laughing) - Well what use are they going to be when we're not in a war? - Well our freeways are congested, right? - Right. - Bumper-to-bumper, right? - That's right. - Well with a tank, right up and over, banzi. (audience laughing) Flatten out a few a those women drivers, they could use it, I'll tell you that, fella. You bet your sweet. - Yes, I, a, are they safe? - Safe, are you kidding? On the highway, who's gonna hurt a tank? Listen if Bonnie and Clyde had driven a tank they'd be alive today. (audience laughing) - Yes, but I... - And you can park a tank anywhere. - Anywhere? - Who's gonna ticket a tank? (audience laughing) - That's true, but they're pretty expensive. Can the average citizen afford one a these? - Are you kidding? You don't buy one, you rent. Don't buy, rent, rent a tank. Just put a little down then let 'em try to collect the rest. (audience laughing) - Well that'd be a problem all right. Well what happens when the lease runs out? - Well who's gonna repossess a tank? - Well I think you could get stuck with a lot of old tanks. - Oh no we won't, we've already got that figured out. You see when the tanks wear out, we'll just take them down to Tijuana, and sell them for cabs. (audience laughing) - Very interesting. (audience laughing) - Who's that? - That's Saul, the head of our service department. (audience laughing) (audience applauding) (upbeat jingle) (crashing) - Tonight the Laugh In spotlight falls on our own Judy Carne. (drum roll) (crashing) (audience laughing) - Watch it governor, you nearly caught me on me righty head. (audience laughing) - Took it rather hard, didn't she? - Well I imagine it shook her up a little. - Oh, I... - Now are you sure we don't have a shaving commercial? - I am sure. - Well, maybe we have a razor commercial? - No. - No. (exhaling) - Caroline. (audience laughing) - This is your off-stage announcer, reminding you that I have a migraine headache. (audience laughing) - My name is Robin Hood, and I've got a secret. - Oh really? I'm a Republican myself. (audience laughing) This is my first affair So please show up (audience laughing) (fast-paced, whimsical music) (ball whistling) - Very interesting. (fast-paced, upbeat music) Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me... - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me... (audience laughing) Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. - Sock it to me? - Oh really. - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. (fast-paced, whimsical music) (audience laughing) - And the same to you, buddy. (audience laughing) - Would you believe Mister and Missus Ed Smith? (audience laughing) - Before moving along, the whole gang wants to wish you Happy Valentine's Day. (gunfire) (audience laughing) (fast-paced, playful music) - And now folks, it's time for the Rowan and Martin report, when each week Laugh In looks at the news, past, present, and future. What's the news across the nation We have got the information In a way We hope will amuse you We just want To give you our views La-la-da-da Ladies and Gents Laugh In looks at the news Here's Dan (audience applauding) - All right. Yes, and here with the news of the present, the man to whom the news wouldn't be the news without the news, heeeeere's Dickie. (audience applauding) (big band music) - Hey you're a wild crowd tonight. Wow, may the good fairy swickel your zillman. (audience laughing) Hey you know we have some news today. Here's an item. Yesterday the Boy Scouts of America made Sophia Lauren an honorary official Boy Scout. But she refused to go along with their good deed for the day. (audience laughing) Item, Mrs. Lyndon Johnson said today in Washington she is willing to go anywhere at any time to have meaningful negotiations with Eartha Kitt. (audience laughing) Item, today the New York stock market hit an all-time low. The Dow Jones averages sunk to a new level. The decreased volume of sales gives every indication that this recession will continue. (audience laughing) (sighing) Little bad news. - And now with the news 20 years from now, here's Dan. (audience applauding) - Item, Warsaw, 1988. A flood of tasteless American jokes is sweeping Poland. (audience laughing) Item, Washington, D.C., 1988. President Ronald Reagan today denied once again that he is a candidate for the office of governor of California. (audience laughing) Item, 1988. New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison today ordered the arrest of Havana, Cuba. (audience laughing) Item, 1988, from his retreat in Bimini. Adam Clayton Powell announced he will once again run as congressman for Harlem, and that he'll go there to campaign, as soon as somebody tells him where it is. (audience laughing) - Now with the news of the past, Laugh In goes merrily back through history to our man in Coventry, England in the year 1063. - Well here we are with a young lady who's really shaken up the town a bit. And now that I get a closer look, I can see why. This really is a wonderful piece of horse flesh you have here. - Oh thank you, a lot of people have said that. - Oh yes, and what is the name? - Lady Godiva. - No, I know your name, I meant the name of the horse. - Well, a lot a the fellows have been calling him Lucky. (audience laughing) - I bet, huh. Is this the first time that you've run through the streets naked? - First time on a horse, yes. - And you rode through the streets of Coventry bareback? - From head to toe. (audience laughing) - Well, it certainly is fortunate that you have long hair. - Oh, I don't really have long hair, they just backcombed the horse. - I see. Lady Godiva, you went on this ride I understand to protest a tax. - Oh yes I did. - Yes, well was it effective? - Well, it depends which side a the street you were on. - Of course, yes. How do you think this will effect your future? - Well I've had several offers already. - I can imagine you have, yes. - Yes, I had a very interesting offer from the Blue Boar Inn to work as a topless waitress. - [Englishman] Yes. - And also an offer to be a jockey at the Folie Bergere. - Oh, Paris. - No, Las Vegas. - I see, well thank you Lady Godiva, we've enjoyed this interview very much. - We've got to stop meeting like this. I think Harold's getting suspicious. (audience laughing) (audience applauding) - Time now for another Rowan and Martin news feature. Back to the present with Dick. - And now for a look at the European scene, we take you to Bill Morgan, our man in the Alps. Take it away Switzerland. - Bill Morgan here. Good news for skiers. (voice echoing) More snow this weekend. (voice echoing) Well that's all for now. (voice echoing) Heeeeeelp! (voice echoing) - Thanks Bill. (voice echoing) Now here's Judy. (voice echoing) - Hi, this is Vicky Nantison, I'm here at the diplomatic club in Washington, D.C., where many of the powerful people who run our government come to relax. I hope to catch one of these gentlemen with his guard down and get him to talk into the microphone which is hidden in the pretzels. And whoever comes by, I'll try to engage him in a conversation. Here comes someone now. - My fellow American, is this spot taken? - Oh, no sir, please join me. - Thank you very much and I hope during the next few minutes we may have a meaningful exchange of thoughts and ideas. (audience laughing) - We may be on to something. Would you like a drink, sir? - Yes, I'll have the usual. Petternolis and soda, please. (audience laughing) - What is that, sir? - It's just like a Shirley Temple only instead of the cherry they put in refried beans. (audience laughing) - Are you with the government? - No. I am the government. - Do you get much time to spend with your family? - Yes. As a matter a fact last evening my wife and I sat for my new grandchild over at my house. - Oh, you have a new grandchild. - Yes, it was just a few months ago that we welcomed this small defenseless child to the warmth of our kisses, the strength of our arms, and the shadow of our smile. (audience laughing) - Is it a boy or a girl? - No, it's a prince. (audience laughing) - I hope we meet again, sir. - I do too, and I want you to know that any time, and anywhere, any place I can meet you I'll be glad to continue this exchange of thoughts and ideas, and I hope that once again we may reason together. (audience laughing) - I'm sorry guys, but some nights just nobody shows up. (audience laughing) (audience applauding) - Well that's the Rowan and Martin report. - Hey, hey, wait a minute, you're forgetting the weather report. - Me too. (whimsical, happy music) Cold wave hitting Miami Some sleet falling in Kansas Hot air coming from Holly Would you all believe it there's a storm down south Ice falls up in Alaska Low clouds over St. Louie Big storms heading for Idaho-ho-ho What a lot of snow Monsoons out in Hawaii Bad floods heading for Memphis We hope swimming's their favorite sport Hey kids get your water wings Hello precipitation Is all over the nation That's our happy weather report Here in lovely downtown Burbank We're expecting slight showers. (water splashing) Oh no, not again! (crying) (audience applauding) - Well that's about it for the Rowan and Martin report. - Be sure and watch next week when we'll be bringing you a special interview with Wernher von Braun entitled I aimed at the stars and hit London. (audience applauding) - I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be anywhere. (audience laughing) - Meanwhile, the mad scientist continued with his fiendish plans. - Oh, have you seen any of the merry men? - No, you're the first today. (audience laughing) Gonna live til I die (crashing) (screaming) - Very interesting. (fast, whimsical music) (audience laughing) - Hey now here's that fun time of the show, right? - Right. - Station identification time. - Is that time already? - Are you sure we don't have a shaving commercial? - I am sure. - Well, I'm gonna take it off, I'm gonna take it all off. - Take it off, take it all off. (jazzy big band music) (audience laughing) - The second half of Rowan and Martin's Laugh In is brought to you by... (bouncy, upbeat brass music) Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, Sock it to me, sock it to me... - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me (laughing) (audience laughing) - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me (groans). (audience laughing) - Sock it to me. (fast, bouncy music) (audience laughing) - Waiter have you got corn on the ear? - No, that's a wart, sir. - [Dan] And now to sign the Declaration of Independence, John Hancock. (fast, bouncy music) And now, Thomas Jefferson. (fast, bouncy music) (audience laughing) - A gentleman writes to me from Nutley, New Jersey. Dear Aggie, all my life people have been taking advantage of me, signed, Easy Mark. Dear Easy Mark, I would suggest that you send for my new book, How to Prevent Being Taken Advantage of. It'll cost you only $5. Better still, Easy Mark, make that $10. (audience laughing) - That's outrageous. - Well anyway, I thought that we talk to you for a minute or two here about... - Excuse me, do you mind? Could I just have an autograph, please? From both of you. - Sorry lady, we're just a little bit busy here. - Oh. - Hey wait a minute, we need every fan we can get, come on. - You're very kind to do this. (mumbling) It's not as though I don't appreciate it. - From out a town, are you? - Oh, yeah (laughing). Ah Harry, I was right, the big one is Rowan and the dummy is Martin. (audience laughing) - But seriously folks, now it's time for the Laugh In's classified ad department, network television's only opportunity for the little man to have his message broadcast all over America. First tonight, lost and found. - Found, a gold watch engraved to Adolph from Goering and the boys. Will whoever lost this watch claim it from the Israeli agent in the lobby. (audience laughing) - Very amusing. (audience laughing) - Will the young lady in the blue coat who witnessed the robbery this afternoon in the bank in beautiful downtown Burbank please report at 1534 Elm Street tonight at midnight, alone. (audience laughing) - Bachelor's delight. Rent a bikini, 50 cents an hour. Furnished, $50 an hour. (audience laughing) - For sale, four million monkeys. Call the birth control experimental center. (audience laughing) - Well that just about wraps up tonight's classified ads. If any of you have an item for sale or a message you'd like included in future classified ads, just drop us a line. - Care of Bullets Durgom. And he'll see that you receive an audition for Horace Heights pot of gold. (dramatic piano music) I walked alone You walked with me We walked alone Just we three You held my arm You squeezed my flesh I don't believe that love could happen It's a mesh (audience laughing) - Well I don't know how that ever got by. - Looked good on the Smothers Brothers' show. (audience laughing) (music jingle) - Aw-ha. - Before proceeding with the entertainment portion of tonight's program, here is an important message. - Bang, bang, boo, poo. (audience laughing) - In 1968 I have decided to tour the model cities in my model airplane. (audience laughing) - But first you'll have some chicken soup. (audience laughing) - I'm smoking less and enjoying it more (laughing). (audience laughing) - And now folks, here's a good reason why the young performers prefer to work in groups, it's safer. - And with that thought, once more it's time for Laugh In to present a musical interlude with The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, with a one, and a two, and... (audience applauding) Buy for me the rain, my darling, buy for me the rain Buy for me the crystal pools that fall upon the plain And I'll buy for you a rainbow and a million pots of gold Buy it for me now, babe, before I am too old I am too old Buy for me the sun, my darling, buy for me the sun Buy for me the light that falls when day has just begun And I'll buy for you a shadow to protect you from the day Buy it for me now, babe, before I go away I'll go away Buy for me the robin, darling, buy for me the wing Buy for me a sparrow, almost any flying thing And I'll buy for you a tree, my love Where a robin's nest may grow Buy it for me now, babe, the years all hurry so They hurry so I cannot buy you happiness, I cannot by you years I cannot buy you happiness, in place of all the tears But I can buy for you a gravestone To lay behind your head Gravestones cheer the living, dear They're no use to the dead No use to the dead (audience applauding) - Jack Warner, president of Warner Brothers Film Studios, announced the signing of two bright new stars today, Ronald Reagan and Dennis Morgan. Insiders predict a big future for young Dennis Morgan. (audience laughing) - Rub dub dub, three men in a tub. (audience laughing) Play ball, play ball Everyone likes to play ball Sometimes you catch it And sometimes you miss But when you miss Remember this Let the ball roll Let the ball roll No matter where it may go Let the ball roll Let the ball roll It has to stop sometime you know Now maybe a truck Will flatten the ball And make it look like an egg Though you can get Many a ball You can never get a new leg (audience applauding) - Moments later. (fast, whimsical music) (audience laughing) Hours later. (fast, whimsical music) Days later. (doorbell ringing) - What was that? - Have you never heard of the Avon monk? (audience laughing) (clanking) (audience laughing) - I will be happy to talk to Milton Berle, if only he will stop the bombing. (audience laughing) (adventurous music) (cymbals clanking) (audience laughing) Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me... - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. (audience laughing) - You really know how to hurt a guy. - Communications with our youth has broken down. So I have decided to visit them, in Canada. (audience laughing) (light, bouncy flute music) (audience laughing) (fast, happy music) (audience laughing) When I'm calling youuuuuuuu (mumbles) for twooooo (audience laughing) - Waiter, have you got frog's legs? - No sir, rheumatism. (audience laughing) - Would you believe Mister and Missus Stanislaus Smith? (audience laughing) - Friar Tuck, Will, Scarlet, and I were waiting for Robin last night, did he have a date? - Maid Marian. (audience laughing) (fast, whimsical music) (drum pounding) - Tonight, Mod Mod World takes a look at the medical profession. (fast-paced, energetic music) Tonight, Maud Maud World takes a look at medicine. - So everybody out there open your mouth and say ahhh. - You know Dick, we must be living in medicine's most productive era. Hardly a day goes by that we don't hear some statement from the medical world. - That's true, last night on the news I heard a doctor say something. - What'd he say? - Take two aspirins and call me in the morning. (audience laughing) - All right, come on, it's a serious subject. - I'm sorry, I'm just not too thrilled with doctors, that's all. - Well who takes care of your health? - I do, that's who. Every morning I get up I take my own temperature. - No kiddin'. - Yeah, this morning it was 118. - Your temperature was 118? - That's funny, so was mine. - Ah come on, that's impossible. If your temperature was 118 you'd now be on your way to a better, to a happier world, where everyone does just as they wish. - Las Vegas? - Now, come on, you must admit your temperature wasn't 118. - Well I remember it distinctly. I put the temperature in my mouth... - You put the thermometer in your mouth... - The glass thing, the glass thing. I put it in my mouth, and then I took it out and I stirred my coffee, and I read it. - So your coffee was 118. - That's it. - You know, if you had a bad cold and it wasn't gettin' any better, you'd go see a doctor, right? - No, I'd have a couple drinks. - Well now alcohol isn't a cure for anything. - I'll drink to that. (audience laughing) - What if you woke up in the middle of the night with a sharp pain, then you'd go screamin' for a doctor. - I would not, I'd use my grandmother's old cure. - Your grandmother had an old cure for sharp pains? - Well I guess so. - No kiddin'? - Oh yeah, first of all you get a squirrel and you put it in a sack. - You get a squirrel. - Yeah, put a squirrel in a sack, and you put a three foot piece a string on it, and you whirl it around your head 37 times counterclockwise. And then you jump up and down on a snow shoe and sing sweet Sue. (audience laughing) - And that's a cure for sharp pains? - You're kidding, I gotta try that. (audience laughing) - What you do, you go see a specialist. - Well, my doctor's a specialist. - What does he specialize in? - Cigarette commercials. (laughing) (audience laughing) I bumped into him just the other day. - [Dan] Yeah, what'd he say? - Take two aspirins and call me in the morning. - And call me in the morning. (audience laughing) - You know you're makin' fun of a group of people that work night and day to keep you in perfect health. - Me? - That's right. - Why? - And every day they come up with somethin' new. Look what's going on today, transplants. - There's nothing new about that. - Wha'da you mean there's nothing new about it, it's brand new. - Ah, come on, a doctor in our neighborhood did one years and years ago. - A transplant? - Yeah, you see he was in a garage having his car fixed, you see. And this woman came driving in and she got out of her car and all of a sudden she had a seizure. - She had a seizure? - Yeah, right there in the garage. So he had to think quickly. - [Dan] Yeah. - Yeah, he operated on her. - What'd he do? - Well he replaced her kidney with an old carburetor. (audience laughing) - Wait a minute, the man put a carburetor in a woman for a kidney? - Well it was an emergency. - How did it work out? - Well, she's a little slow on hills, um... (audience laughing) - Oh come one, for crying out loud. - Her husband complains she's a little cold getting started in the morning. - All right. (audience laughing) Will you stop with that's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. You know what a doctor'd say if you told him a thing like that? - Take two aspirins and call me in the morning. (audience laughing) (fast-paced, energetic music) (drum pounding) - Times have changed in the medical field. Years ago, strikes were unthinkable for nurses and doctors. Today, it's not uncommon at all. - We're here in the waiting room of Burbank General Hospital in beautiful downtown Burbank, with head nurse, Edith Head. The conditions here today are appalling. These people have been waiting for hours, no one to help, beds in the corridors. No fresh linens, meals are late, I don't even see a doctor in sight. It's appalling. - Well I couldn't agree with you more. But just think what it's gonna be like when the strike starts. (audience laughing) (fast-paced, energetic music) - Mod Mod World takes another look at the medical profession. - Mr. Frisbee, could I have one word with you? - Yeah. - Well it's very kind of you to come over here. I guess driving an ambulance is pretty exciting work, isn't it. - Ooohhh, it sure is, you know, 'cause you go careening through traffic, zipping from lane to lane, running through red lights, cars, bus, persons running at you at all sides, it's really exciting, it's exciting. - Taking all those chances just to get to the patient as soon as possible. - No, no, that's after I get the patient. Goin' there you gotta drive slow 'cause you can't be too careful you might get killed in an accident. - Oh, well when you arrive at the emergency, what is the first thing you do to help a patient? - Well, the first thing I do is I help 'em to fill out the form. - Oh, the form. - Yes, you can't do anything unless you fill out the form first. - I see, well what if he's in critical condition? - Oh, then you gotta work real fast, 'cause if I don't get that form filled out I'm in real trouble, you know. - I see. All right, so you've filled out the form, then what? - Well, well, then comes the most important part of my job. - What's that? - That's get the money. $22 plus eight for the siren, $2 for the... (audience laughing) (dramatic music) - What medicine really boils down to is a war against the germ. Tonight, we meet a noble, dedicated man who is fighting that war. Ladies and gentlemen, Doctor Edward Flowers. (audience applauding) - This is my life's work. A pill, containing a miniature, colored TV camera. Once this is inside my patient, I'll be able to see what the germs are doing. Swallow this. - Damn the penicillin, full speed ahead. Fire when you see the whites of their corpuscles. (audience laughing) - Oh where do you want these mumps, Mon General? (phone ringing) - What's that? Hold on a minute. Listen, they're short on chicken pox at the front, do we have any? - [Man Carrying Mumps] Ah, yes sir. - Well don't just stand there, drop your mumps and grab your pox. (audience laughing) - Sir. - Your light fell off, chief. (audience laughing) - That was strange. - Emergency, sir. A capsule just hit the cough control center. Look, there's the first tiny time pill now. (audience laughing) - Those butchers. All right, all units attack. UA's and flu germs, attack. Move out, charge. Commit the reserves. Fire, fire, fire. (gunfire) Attack, attack, attack. (alarm bells ringing) - Very interesting. (audience laughing) (upbeat, happy music) We're four little pills who will Make you happy We're four little dolls who will Cure your ills Give us a try And make it snappy We are very special pills I'm calm I'm sleep I'm full of life I keep you feelin' free Oh I'm a tranquilized I'm a sleeping capsule I'm a pep up pill I'm little ole me If you're feelin' dull and sicky I can make your whole world icky If you let me give your life a little pep I'll calm you down I'll keep you cool I'll set you straight When you're out a style We're terribly nice and you ought to try us We're terribly big in the world today Walk to the drugstore Stop and buy us We will chase your cares away We're fast We're safe We really work We've got a guarantee I'm a tranquilizer I'm a sleeping capsule I'm a pep up pill I'm little ole me (audience laughing) When you've counted your sheep And you can't go to sleep I can make all your troubles end I'll keep you safe I'll make you sure In fact they call me a girl's best friend We're four favorite dolls of the population The popular pills of the uptight set There's not a person in the nation Who has never tried us yet We're good We're bad We're fun and games We're practicality I'm a tranquilizer I'm a sleeping capsule I'm a pep up pill I'm little ole me You can use us for your traquilizing You can use us for relaxizing You can use us for vitality But when it really counts, try little ole me Try little old me (audience applauding) - Well, it's time to say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, sweet prince. - Hey, next week it looks like we're gonna have a real winner. We have some... - Hey I wonder if you'd mind if I said something my uncle once said to me. - Oh, I'd love to hear it but we're out of time. - Next week our guests are... - It was rather important. (audience laughing) - Quick is it? - Mm-hm. - Okay. - He said, "Take two aspirins and call me in the morning." (audience laughing) - Say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night everybody, hope you had a good time, we did. (audience applauding) - Little Jack Horner sat in a corner eating his Christmas pie. Then they put him away for many a day for it was the Fourth of July. (audience laughing) - Boo, boo. - I've got a date with a used car salesman. - What's the difference, as long as he's healthy. (audience laughing) (knocking) - Yeees. - How come you're knitting three socks instead of a pair? - My boyfriend just grew another foot (laughing). (audience laughing) - Do the words fire alarm ring a bell? - Did you ever stop to think that alimony is like keeping up payments on a car with four flat tires. - [Women] Boo, boo. - Please say you love me, please, say it, say it. - I love you. - You're a liar. - [Men] Boo, boo. - Peas, porridge hot, peas, porridge cold, bleah! - The Wrigley Building is chewish. - That's funny, the Wrigley Building doesn't look chewish. (audience laughing) Pam. - What'da you think of the Empire State Building? - I've never tried it. (audience laughing) - I just shot an elephant in my pajamas. How it got in my pajamas, I'll never know (laughing). (audience laughing) - There was a young man from Nantucket - Who carried around a bucket. - He filled it with cheese. - And along came a breeze. - And made the whole (mumbling)... - Ah yeah, yeah. (audience laughing) - Knock, knock. - Who's there? - Tijuana. - Tijuana who? - Tijuana punch in the nose? (audience laughing) (knocking) (audience laughing) - The Golden Gate Bridge is Spanish. - That's funny, the Golden Gate Bridge doesn't look Spanish. - You involved in electronics? - No actually we're just good friends. (audience laughing) - Can I offer you a word of advice? - No thanks, I just put one out. (audience laughing) - Knock, knock. - Who's there? - Who. - Who, who? (crying) (audience laughing) - I know a man who crossed a cow with a zebra. - Oh, what'd he get? - Striped milk. - I think the playboy club is just a big front for a lot a silly girls. (audience laughing) - Why of course I believe you, Mr. Smith. - All right Freebish, get the trunk and let's go. (audience laughing) (fast, whimsical music) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (fast, whimsical music) (audience laughing) (fast, whimsical music) (audience laughing) (fast, bouncy music) (audience laughing) - The preceding was recorded earlier so we could all go home and watch ourselves. (audience laughing) (upbeat jingle) - Folks, keep those cards and letters coming in. - Very interesting, hee-hee-hee. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 