Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In 
 s1e3 - Tim Conway, Cher, Lorne Greene, Sheldon Leonard, Tiny Tim, Flip Wilson - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (1967–1973): Season 1, Episode 3 - Tim Conway, Cher, Lorne Greene, Sheldon Leonard, Tiny Tim, Flip Wilson - full transcript 
 First appearance of Goldie Hawn as a "Regular Performer". 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (NBC theme music) - [Announcer] The following program is brought to you in living color on NBC. - As we left Dan Rowan and the lovely Dick Martin in last week's episode, you'll recall Mrs. Murgatroid was in the doctor's outer office. - It is a wise father that knows his own child. - I wouldn't do that if I was you. - And now, from the lovely Coconut Room high atop the unemployment building 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 here in beautiful downtown Burbank, NBC present's Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In. (applause) Starring Dan Rowan and Dick Martin with guest stars, the glamorous Tim Conway and special guest star, Cher with Judy Carne, Arte Johnson, and Eileen Brennan, Ruth Buzzi, Henry Gibson, Goldie Hawn, Robby Maude-Roxby, Jo Anne Whorley... yours truly Gary Owens and Margo as the friendly drog. - Tonight's program is brought to you by these really groovy people. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (upbeat groovy music) - And now ladies and gentlemen, for your further listening pleasure, here are the beautiful melodies of Dan Rowan with the songs of Dick Martin. (audience applauding) - Hi, well it's very nice for you to join us here on the Laugh-In tonight. Hope you're gonna enjoy yourself. You have anything to add in welcome? - Well I want to thank the members of the Academy for this rare honor and I accept it, not alone but behalf of all those little people without whose entiring devotion I never would of been nominated. (audience laughing) - Well, we have a show I think you might enjoy tonight. A lot of very interesting people on the show tonight. Tim Conway is here. - And John Wayne. - John Wayne's not here. - He backed out again? (audience laughing) You can't trust those big stars. - Hold on, now, come on, you're going to give these people the wrong impression. He was never supposed to be here. - Well, that's funny, I dreamed he was on the show tonight, and I can't understand it. - Well, that doesn't make it come true. - Well, I dreamed you were on the show tonight, and you're here. - Well, just forget John Wayne. - Forget John Wayne? Never! - Well, I mean, he's not here tonight, so just forget him. - After all the Indians he killed too. - Why don't you think about something... - All the times he hit Ward Bond. - Just a minute, just think about some of the people who are here. - Well, let's see, there's Raquel Welch. There's Sophia Loren. - Now you know they're not here. - Well, where are they? - I don't know where they are! - Let's get them out! - No, no. And Cher. - Ah! - Cher's here. - Who? - Cher, you know, Sonny and Cher. - Oh, yes, I was talking to Sonny backstage. - Sonny's not here, just Cher. - Cher without Sonny? - Yeah. - Well, that's like Liz without Richard. - Well, I don't know, I thought it might be kind of interesting for the folks at home to get to know Cher for herself. - It would be kind of interesting to get to know Liz for herself too. - And, as I said, Tim, a very funny guy, Tim Conway is with us tonight. - Is he here, he's great. - Yeah, yeah, he's going to do some funny stuff tonight. - I never saw him when he wasn't funny. - Yeah, and let's see, who else do we have? - There's you. - Well, they know I'm here, they can see me. I'm trying to think... - With any luck, I'll be here later. - I wouldn't count on it too much. And then, of course, all the rest of the people, the cast are here. - Who's that? - All the regular kooks. - Where are they? - They're at the party. - Oh, yeah, how come we can't go? - Well, we been invited. - Yeah? - As a matter of fact, so have you. Come on, it might be fun. - Well, let's do it. (audience applauding) (groovy 60's party music) - You know, I think God Save the Queen was first written for Oscar Wilde. - Well, if your heart belongs to me, how come the rest of you goes out with so many other guys? - Boris and I have the most violent political arguments. He thinks the Democrats can do no wrong, and, of course, I'm for Johnson. - It is said that the man who soweth the oats in the garden of his neighbour, perhaps he has not a pot to plant in. - Raquel Welch may look exciting, but man cannot live by broad alone. - Hey, it's not that I'm against marriage. I'd get married in a minute if I didn't have to live in. - Actually, there have been a lot of successful show business marriages, Eddie Fisher-Debbie Reynolds, Eddie Fisher-Liz Taylor, Eddie Fisher-Connie Stevens. - It didn't surprise me when he was unfrocked. After all, he shouldn't have been wearing a frock in the first place. - Did Bacon really write Shakespeare? - It's difficult to tell. The postal service was so bad in those days. - Doesn't the night go by fast when you're having fun? - It wasn't until I met Heathcliff that I realized why they call England "The Mother Country." - You know, my wife just doesn't understand me. - Oh, you married men are all the same. - No, I mean it, she doesn't understand me. She's Swahili. - It is well known that the mariner who steers his ship on an others' course cares not if the ship hits the sand. - Oh, I don't care anymore, I just want to swing. - You're not getting me to take out a marriage licence. Not until they start giving learner's permits. - Sonny and I are perfectly compatible. As soon as there's a problem, my psychiatrist contacts his psychiatrist, and they work it out. - Boris says we'll never win the war on poverty until all those poor people surrender. - Well, if they make a modern version of The Old Testament, then they'll just have to change that bit about the Egyptians beating the Israelites. - Well, how do you feel about de Gaulle? - Well, you mustn't be too hard on him. After all, if General de Gaulle hadn't got out of Vietnam, you Americans wouldn't have it today. (audience applauding) (puzzling music) - Okay, folks, it's sock it to me time. Ha-ha. - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. Sock it to me. - Very interesting. (happy organ music) - My name is Martha Washington. - My name is Martha Washington. - My name is Martha Washington. - Waiter, waiter. I don't think this duck is quite done. - What seems to be the matter, sir? - Listen. (quacking) - Well, folks out there in television land, here's what you've all been waiting for. It's Laugh-In New Talent Time. (orchestral fanfare) - They could use a little new talent in that band, I'll guarantee you. - Is this anyway to run an airline? - And now, folks, here's a real surprise. - For them or for me? - Oh, this is a surprise for everybody. - Good, for a minute, I thought you were going to bring back Tiny Tim. - You called, Libra? (audience applauding) - Ladies and gentlemen, the one and only Tiny Tim. Yes, and, Dick, wait until you see this. Tiny has added a bit of choreography to his usual presentation. - There is nothing usual about Tiny Tim's presentation. Oh, tiptoe through the window By the window, that is where I'll be Come tiptoe through the tulips with me Ahh, tiptoe from the garden By the garden of the willow tree And tiptoe through the tulips with me Knee deep In flowers we'll stray We'll keep the Showers away And if I kiss you in the garden In the moonlight, will you pardon me And tiptoe through the tulips With me (audience applauding) - Well, I'll say this, he hasn't changed a bit, I'll guarantee you. - Oh, you might say he's like a bottle of fine wine. He just improves with age. - I think his cork slipped too. - It's easy to criticise, but have you got anything of a constructive nature to suggest? - A-ha, it just so happens that I have. Ladies and gentlemen, as a special guest, here is a man who claims to be absolutely infallible in the field of predictions. - No kidding? - How about that? Ladies and gentlemen, introducing the Great Nervo. (audience applauding) - Hey, that's going to be pretty exciting. You can actually predict what's going to happen in the future? - Silence, please, silence. I have a prediction. Although I've never seen either one of you before, never touched your face, never felt your teeth, I predict that some day you two will meet and form a great comedy team. I predict, yes, I can see record hops, supermarket openings. I see people cheering, laughing, smiling, booing, a few booings. Well, you can't be good all the time. - Sir, sir, sir, we've been a team for some time now. - A-ha, don't fear, it'll happen, the Great Nervo predicts it. - Yeah, well, if you say so. I was just wondering if you could... - Silence again, another prediction. I see a presidential election. - Oh, boy, and on our show too! Good, good, good, go, go! - Shut up. Yes, I see a presidential election. I see a man named Johnson, Johnson defeating another man, another man named Gold, Gold, Goldwater! I see a man named Johnson defeating Barry Goldwater. - Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. President Johnson defeated Barry Goldwater in 1964. - A-ha, two out of three for the Great Nervo. - You haven't told us anything yet. - A-ha, silence again, please. Now, for those of you that are skeptical, those of you who not believe, I have another prediction. Let me see now, I predict that there will be a turning point in the war. I predict on June 6th, the Allies, along with the United States, will storm the beach of Normandy. Yes, it'll be a long day. Correction, it will be the longest day. That's June 6, 1944. - Well, that already happened. - How dare you doubt the Great Nervo. History will bear me out. - He's got a point there, Dan. - Uh-huh, yes, shut up. - Oh. - Yes, all of my predictions are 99 percent right. - 99 percent? - That's right. - What about the other one percent, oh, great one? - That's when I fool around trying to predict the future. I'm not too good in that area. I have another prediction! I predict I'm leaving. - Yeah, that's true. Get out of here. - Three in a row. (audience applauding) - Who booked this guy? - I think the same guy that brought us Tiny Tim, but you can't win them all. - Oh-oh, yes, you can, wait until you see this one. Yes, here is a real winner, one of the world's finest jugglers, all the way from Paris, France, Monsieur Paul Gilbert. (circus music) - C'est magnifique. Voila! 1. 2. 3. Oh, hold it. - Later that same evening. - There he was, ta-dum. - It looks like the French don't know how to handle China any better than we do, doesn't it? - Yeah, that's about it, folks. Be sure to tune in next week, when it may be your turn for The Fickle Finger of Fate to beckon you to stardom. Anything you want to add to that? - I wouldn't touch that with a 10 foot fickle. (happy organ music) (ringing) - Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello, hello? Oh, excuse me, please, hold on for the moment. Hello. Yes, speaking. Oui, oui. Oui, yes, you would like a painting? Well, may I suggest a painting, a landscape? You like that idea? I don't blame you, it's very pretty. You like a landscape with a brook rolling through the middle? Oh, oui, oui, a brook. And on the brook, perhaps a canoe? You don't like a canoe? Okay, we not have to use a canoe. Listen, I can have the painting ready for you perhaps in one week. Satisfactory? Fine, good-bye. Arnold, one landscape, hold the canoe! - Oh, dear. - Okay, folks, it's sock it to me time. Ooh, I fooled him that time. - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. Sock it to me! (thudding) - Ben Franklin, I knew very intimately. - Be a pen pal, write to a shut-in. Address your cards and letters to Jimmy Hoffa, care of your local penitentiary. - And now, it's time for the Rowan & Martin Report when each week Laugh-In looks at the news, past, present and future. Now with the news of today, here's Richard Martin. (audience applauding) - Good evening, news buffs. For those of you that like your news straight, here's some news of the present. Some good news over at the Bobby Kennedy family. Ethel's not expecting. (laughing) Meanwhile, Lady Bird is giving up bobby pins for Lent. (laughing) Today, multi-millionaire Nelson Rockefeller received a most unusual campaign contribution when J. Paul Getty presented him with Howard Hughes. (laughing) Curators of the London Art Museum announced today that they are still awaiting further developments of the long overdue bust of Twiggy. (laughing) When contacted in London, Twiggy said, "Me too." (laughing) And now for a look at the future with the news headlines twenty years from now. It's over to you, Dan Rowan. - Here are the headlines twenty years from now. Item: Cuba, 1988. Fidel Castro's speech revealed that following the acute shortage of gasoline, tobacco, sugar, rum, and tabasco sauce, there is now an acute shortage of Cubans. Item: New York City, 1988. In an attempt to boost circulation, Time Magazine announced a new feature. With each edition, a free copy of Newsweek. In addition, there will be a regular contribution from the mayor of Chicago, Mr. Hugh Hefner, and next week, Time Magazine will present their first full-color foldout, a provocative picture of William F. Buckley. Item: The White House, 1988. President Stokely Carmichael in his office in Hanoi, today once again... Once again repeated that the United States must get out of America. Now back to the news of the present. - On the sporting scenes these days, there are hard fought battles, not only on the athletic fields, but on the campuses as well. Take it away, Chic and Chuck. - Hi, gang, Chic and I are here at Smedley College for the live play-by-play coverage of today's championship demonstration. - Yes, Chuck, it's 53 degrees here, perfect weather for a riot. - Chic, Chic, there's a play going on right now. It's a beautiful block. Oh, it's a dandy of a block. - That's a good one, yeah. - A whole block of Smedley's finest buildings being torn apart by an enthusiastic group of students. If you're scoring at home, that's five big points for the students. - You know, Chuck, today's demonstration certainly has proven that a good education is no deterrent to a good riot. - That's right, hey, 10 students led by Mitch Flange, everybody's All-un-American. - [Chic] Come on, Mitch! - They're rushing the man from Dow Chemicals. He's going to kick. It's a beautiful end over end boot, two standing... Two students landed all the way in the backyard of the biology building. - You know, that's a costly infraction for the students. The penalty, of course, is immediate induction into the army. - Yeah, that's right. Hey, a couple of dozen students have stopped a bus. They're rocking it, passengers are falling out. Oh, it's a great play. Let's see that one again on the instant replay. Yeah, here comes the bus, rocking it. (sirens blaring) Over it goes. - The instant replay isn't working, Chuck. I think that was another bus. - Oh, that's another extra five points. Hey, the campus police have been called in. There goes the tear gas gun signalling the end of the today's big contest, and it's another victory for the students. - Yes, Chuck, and they will undoubtedly be invited to meet Berkeley in the National Championship New Year's Day. - Oh, that'll be a big day for all of us. We'll bring you a full day of riots, a real fun day. In the morning, from Fort Lauderdale, for you on the east coast, and in the afternoon, from Newport Beach for you folks out there on the west coast. Well, that's it, Chuck. - Well, thanks, Chic. - Okay, Chic, ah, Chuck. - When we take over, I'm going to look out for you. - And now tripping merrily backward through time, the Laugh-In News takes you back to early Virginia, and the home of Mr. And Mrs. John Smith. She's the former Pocahontas. Take it away, Dan Rowan, our man in the past. - Well, it's been a few years, John Smith, since they had your head on the chopping block, how you been getting along? - Real fine, Dan, real fine here at the reservation. As a matter of fact, the Indians even have a little name for me now. - Oh, really? - Yeah. They call me Running Chicken. (Dan laughing) - [Dan] When did you get that name? - Right after they put my head on that chopping block. - And Pocahontas? - Yes, I do. - You did a very brave thing throwing yourself in front of John before he was hit with the club. - It wasn't brave, it was dumb. - Oh, well, see, she took the brunt of the blow. - I see. - It still hurts when it rains. - Yeah. - What line are you in, John? - I'm with Natural Navajo now, it's communications. We make smoke signals and wet blankets and so forth. Right now, we're working on a huge signal, see, and we're going to float it right over LA, and then just kind of leave it there forever. - Yeah, that's a position of some importance, isn't it? - Top of the totem pole. Local joke, Dan. - [Dan] Yes. - My father put him in the business. - [Dan] Oh, how is your father? - Oh, he's fine, he's on vacation. - [Dan] Oh, really, enjoying himself? - No, not too much. You see, he couldn't get a room. He didn't have a reservation. That's another local joke. Sweetheart. - Pokie. - Well, if you can do them, I can. What? - Yes, that's all right, I hate to break you up. You're such a fun couple, but when you're away from home, do you have any trouble, John, I mean, you being white and the missus here... - [John] You can say it, go ahead, she knows. - Well, she's red. - Yes, she is. Yes, you don't know the half of it, Dan. - Oh, no, John and I have never been able to check into a hotel in this country. - [Dan] Oh, pity. - Yes, see, the minute I sign the register Mr. & Mrs. John Smith, right out. - Well, good luck. - Well, that's it for the Rowan & Martin Report. Tune in next week when Laugh-In presents a look at the news past, present and future. Hey, incidentally, here's a funny item. Isn't that funny? - Yeah, it really is. - Thank you. - Here's the headline we'd most like to see in the coming week. And don't miss our report next Monday night, same time, same station, when Laugh-In will bring you live coverage of a Cleveland bank robbery. - In the meantime, we would just like to say that may all of the things that have happened find a new way, and may they nurl your zippy. - Stepping into the silver blue spotlight is the ever-popular Gwendolyn Greps. No more money in the bank No sweet babies we can spank What to do about it Let's put out the light and eat the bulb (puffing) (note ringing) (puffing) (note ringing) (puffing) (note ringing) (humming) Row, row, row your boat She'll becoming around The mountain when she comes She'll be coming round the mountain when she comes Standing around the mountain He's 106 today 106 today Hi-ho the dairy-oh, he's 106 today - [Man] Blow them all out. - [Woman] Come on, oh, you can do it. (cheering) (buzzing) (screaming) - Very interesting. - En garde! - Now we take a moment out for stations all over the country to identify themselves. (all screaming station call letters) - One at a time! One at a time! - The second half of Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In is brought to you by... - And now, folks, it's sock it to me time. - [English Man] I'm terribly sorry, I can't understand what you're saying. - I said, it's sock it to me time. - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me! - You got to be putting me on. I got you, babe (goofy horn music) - Very interesting. - My wooden teeth is something many people ask about. It's because of Martha's rotten candy. - Tonight, the subject of Mod, Mod World is money. (upbeat dance music) Tonight, Mod, Mod World looks at money. - Hey, that sounds fascinating, I'm sorry I missed it. - You haven't missed it, we haven't done it yet. - Well, if you do it, let me know. I wouldn't want to miss it. - Yeah, I thought we might do it right about now. (maniacal laughing) - Oh, you guys, you're the greatest. I've seen them all. Abbott and Costello, Laurel and Hardy, Martin and Lewis... - I'm sorry, I'm sorry, some of them do get away. I'm sorry, sir. (audience applauding) - Woo. - Moving right along now with Mod, Mod World. The subject, as I said before, is money. - I didn't know that. - Yes, now all over the world, there's all different kinds of money. For instance, the French use francs. It always hasn't been that way, of course. Many years ago, right in this country, the Indians used to trade with beans. What do you think of that? - Hey, why don't we get some French Indians together for dinner and have some francs and beans? - This is really a little more serious subject than that. Don't you care anything about money? - Oh, easy come, easy go, I spend every nickel I get. - Tsk-Tsk. - What? - Oh, is that wrong, oh, is that wrong. - Why? - You're going to have to think about the future. You know, you're not in any kind of a retirement plan. You're going to have to take care of it yourself. Who's going to look after you when you're an old man? Who'd going to nurse you when you're sick and take care of you when you're old? Who'd going to worry about you when you're old and grey? - Lyndon Baines Johnson. - That's not what I mean, and you know it. I mean, you got to save something up for your old age, put it away. - I got all I need, and I got it in a safe place. - What do you got savings bonds, you got in a bank? - No, I got it in my mattress. - Your mattress? - Yeah. - You're saving money in a mattress? - Sure, got $17,000 in my mattress. - No kidding. Hey, well, I imagine you sleep a little better at night knowing you have all that money there? - Well, not really, it's all in coins. - You know, you may have stumbled into a fortune. You may not realize it. You know, if it's all in coins, you may have a lot more than $17,000. - Yeah? - Read a book on numismatism. - I know all about that, my aunt had it. She couldn't lift her arm up. - No, no, that's rheumatism. I'm talking about saving old coins. Some of them may be very valuable. - I happen to have a vary valuable penny. - Is it real old? - Oh, 1491. - The country wasn't even discovered until 1492. - That's what makes it so valuable. - There was a touch of sarcasm as he said... - And so, folks, with that in mind, let's move right along now to Mod, Mod World of Money. We're living in the age of the credit card, the buy now, pay later plan. Cash is almost obsolete. Let's show you what we mean. - Next, can I help you, sir? - Oh, yes, thank you, I'd like a round trip ticket to Chicago, please. - All right, sir, you'll be leaving Los Angeles at 12:05 on Flight 431... and that will be $237.40, including tax. May I see your credit card, please, sir? - I don't have a credit card. - Well then, we'd be glad to accept your personal check, sir. - No, no, I don't think you understand, I want to pay cash. Thank you. - Well, what are you, some kind of nut? - I just want to pay. - Look, sir, there are other customers waiting, please. What is this? - This is cash! I just want to buy an airline ticket! - Sir, this is highly irregular. I mean, don't you have some sort of identification? - What do you mean identification? I just want a ticket. I want to pay for it with good old American cash. - Well, I will have to call my supervisor. Hello, hello, Mr. Thompson, I'm sorry to bother you, but there's a gentleman here who insists on paying cash for his ticket. What? Really? Oh, well, I didn't know that. I see, thank you. Well, I want to apologize. It's just that this is so irregular, but we would be very pleased to accept your cash. That will be $237.40. - 40 cents. - Oh, sir, one more thing. - What's that? - May I please see your cash card? (groovy dance music) - It has been stated that women control the wealth of America. They are the major buying powers. They can buy a series of investments, move the stock market up and down. They are the financial wizards of today. - He has been giving me so much trouble, you don't realize, of course. - Really? - Of course, he always does. - Oh, waiter, oh, waiter, $24.75, this can't be right. - No, no, lady, that's the address, 2475 Madison. - Oh, my goodness. - Here's the amount, $11.34. - I'm sorry. $11.34. Now girls, how many times does four go into that? - At least four. - You shouldn't have those daiquiris in the afternoon. - But I just had one and a half. - But they're charging you for two. - Wait a minute, wait a minute, who had the tax? - Oh, my goodness. - Now come on, let's all pay for what we had. Louella, you had the yogurt, the health salad, the wheatgerm bread, three martinis and a beer. - And the other half of my daiquiri. - Oh, here's a dollar, that should take care of everything plus the tip. - Okay. Mary Anne. - Well, I had chili and beans and two sweet rolls. - Plus the pumpkin pie a la mode. And the diet lemonade. - Listen, I hope it doesn't spoil my dinner. What's my share? - It's $11.34, right? Four into that is $1.97 and a half cents each. - Right. - Let's make it come out even. If we add a tip of 57 cents, it'll come out even. - 57 cents? Oh, goody, now I can get that little farm up in Connecticut. - I only had a watercress sandwich, not that's not fair. - I don't see why I should have to pay as much as Louella. She had at least three dollars worth. - Well, you did have those three martinis at 80 cents each. That's $2.40, plus a beer, that's $2.65. - Well, really? - Plus the other half of my daiquiri. That is at least 37 cents. - Ah, you dreadful young man! - Well, let's see, you got the chicken soup. That's 35 cents. You got the chicken pot pie. (groovy dance music) And now, Judy, Cher and Eileen continue Laugh-In's look at the world of money with a feminine point of view. (classical harpsichord music) The very first word that Adam heard from Eve Put him in a worrisome state of mind And ever since then all manner of men believe Women are the ruin of mankind It's now a fact that women have the riches While men declare we're all such greedy witches - The women's national anthem. Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme cash Gimme, gimme, gimme diamond rings Give me an oil well to pay my rent Gimme, gimme, gimme anything Gimme, gimme, gimme mink And I'll never more be blue And when you've given me all you've got Then I'll give something to you Like a kiss on the forehead Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme moon Gimme, gimme, gimme space I'd love some land to call my own Like France or Spain or any place Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme yacht And a crew of 20 young men We'll sail the briny for a year or two I'll never be greedy again That's my kind of trip Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme love Gimme, gimme, gimme a kiss Gimme the stars and romantic songs All the things that go amiss Gimme, gimme, gimme marriage vows And a million dollars or two And we'll live the simple contented life Just me, the money, and you Until I see my lawyer Just give me the bread and you Gimme, gimme, gimme love (audience applauding) - Remember, in case of ties, duplicate prizes will be awarded to your loved ones. - I can't stand it! I can't stand those natives' drums, they're driving me mad! They're driving me mad, I can't stand it! (record scratching) - Oh, you've got bad breath too. - En garde! (chanting sock it to me continuously) - And now, folks, once again, it's sock it to me time. (chanting sock it to me continuously) - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me! (cheery organ music) - Stick'em up! - One of the reasons why people talking for me about crossing standing on a boat the Delaware. This is the reason. I was making a delivery for Martha with the rotten candy. - That's not nice. - At that very moment, in another part of town... (triumphant orchestral music) - Oooh! - Oooh! - [Both] Oooh! Sweetheart Oh, sweetheart At last we know the mystery of life We'll clean her up, in the meantime When you at last become my wife But the mountie (Cher drowning him out) Oh, sweetheart Sweetheart Til San Francisco tumbles Til the High Sierra crumbles I'll be wanting You (audience applauding) - Now it's time for the Laugh-In Classified Ad Department, network television's only opportunity for the little man to have his message broadcast all over America. First, our personal ad. - Hey, hey, here's one "For sale, genuine man-eating piranha "direct from the Amazon. "Call KL-58733, "and ask for Lefty." - "Girls in trouble, call KL-6777 "and ask for Sister Mary Edwards." - "Girls looking for trouble, call KL-56777. "If Sister Mary answers, hang up." - "Mom, don't worry, I'm just trying to find myself. "I'll write as soon as I'm settled, love, Dad." - And that about wraps it up for our classified ads tonight. Hey, if any of you folks at home would like to participate, you have an item to sell or to trade, or if you have a message you'd like included in future classified ads, just drop a line. - Care of Keith Burcell, and you'll receive absolutely free. (fanfare music) - Tonight, Laugh-In salutes censorship. - Yes, folks, it's salute time. - Well done. Each week is our policy to speak up for people and causes who are all too often misunderstood. And tonight, we proudly salute censorship. - Goody, censors are a (bleep) bunch of guys. What we would ever do without censorship? How would we battle through without censorship? We would be exposed to every literary nut We would be the victims of obscenity and smut How would we read a book without censorship? How could we see a TV show or play? We hate the naughty movie cult for treating us Like we're adult Because we love censorship (audience applauding) - Kids, do you realize what life would be without the brave little band of censors, these dedicated few who protect you from naughty words, shield you from suggestive pictures, and guard you from the sight of the human body? Do you have even the slightest idea how they are constantly on the alert to ward off vulgarity, stamp out smut, and, most of all, rid the world of sex and all that filth? As an unmarried good girl, I say, "All hail, "ye old censor, hail to the society "to which he has dedicated himself, this lonesome man "armed with but a tattered book of rules, "a red pencil worn to the nub with his own moral fiber, "without support of court or government, "he stands alone in the crosswalk of life directing "you, me, and good people everywhere, regardless "of race, creed or publisher. "To heaven, lest by our own sins, we fall into heck. "Yes, hail to ye old censor. "Hail, and hail to the stork which brought him." Ladies and gentlemen, you'll have to excuse me, but, as you can see, this is a subject very close to my heart. Frankly, I was just afraid I wouldn't get the damn thing right. - Hey, man, I don't want my kids hearing all them dirty words in the movies. They get enough of that at home. - Russia banned free speech 50 years ago. Boris says we're falling behind in the censorship race. - We're safe on radio and television. Now let's get busy on word of mouth. - Let's clean up those honeymoons. Come on, kids. - And lets get sex education out of schools and put it back where it belongs in the pool halls. - You don't have to talk dirty to have a good time. You can peek in peoples' windows and listen in on party lines. - Playboy is bad enough, but what about those seamy little jokes in Reader's Digest? - I say we can't be too careful. Let's put a bra on Little Orphan Annie. - And what about the buffalo? - A bra on a buffalo? - What you don't know won't hurt you, and if it does hurt you, at least you won't know it. - That's right. Folks, censorship is your friend. Join the crusade. The next time someone says "Sticks and stones can break "our bones, but words can never hurt us," set them straight. - Hit them with a stick or a stone. (cheering) Actors would say (bleep) without censorship Dancers would show (bleep) without censorship Just imagine all the (bleep) things that they would do (bleeping) Just to name a few We would see naked truth without censorship We would be prey to elbow, wrist and hip So shield us from reality, from senior immorality Because we love Censorship - Bravo. And that's our salute for tonight. If it offended you in any way, send your (bleep) letters to... - Mr. Sandy (bleep) Cummings, NBC (bleep) 3000 West (bleep) Avenue, Burbank, (bleep), California, zip code, (bleep) 03. - Blue skies and green lights for you folks out there in radio land. - I like colored people. In fact, a colored lady raised me. (yelling) (drum roll) - Well, it's time to say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, good night. Parting is such sweet sorrow. - You, devil, you. And next week, we have a great line-up for you. - I wonder if you'd mind if I said something my great grandmother once said to me. - Oh, I'd like to hear it, Dick, but we are out of time. Next week, our guests are a couple of... - She was locked in a silo for 14 days with a live pig. - Oh, I'm happy you brought that to our attention. Next week, as I started saying... - I thought perhaps what she said when she got out of the silo would be of interest to our television viewers. - Well, I don't know about them, but I'd be kind of interested to hear. - Well, my grandmother came out of the silo. Oh, boy, she came out fast too. And, ah, by golly, what she... I better not tell them. - Say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, everybody, I hope you had a good time. - Will the real Toulouse-Lautrec please stand up? - Does the name Avon Lady ring a bell? - It's like this. If you like Burbank, you're going to love Paris. - Will the New York Mets please report to their choreographer immediately? - Knock, knock. - Who's there? - Uma. - Uma who? - You make me feel so young. - Knock, knock. - Who's there? - Richard Burton. - Would you step out a moment? I'd like to talk to your wife. - Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall. Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. All the King's horses and all the King's men had omelettes. - You all know there's a small hotel in dowtown Burbank? - No, but if you harm a few bars, I can fake it. - As Shakespeare once said, "Anne Hathaway about her, "hasn't she?" - Knock, knock. - Who's there? - Gorilla. - Gorilla who? Gorilla of my dreams, I love you - Did you hear about the horse who couldn't sleep? - [Dan] No. - Too many nightmares. - Knock, knock. - Who's there? - Phil and Sally. - Phil and Sally who? Phil and Sally to get you in a taxi, honey - Oh, nuts! - Knock, knock. - Who's there? - Norden. - Norden who? (singing opera) (goofy organ music) (screaming) - That's not nice. - This program was prerecorded because there was just no other way. - Very interesting. (one person clapping) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 