Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In 
 s1e7 - Sally Field, Terry-Thomas, Joby Baker, Godfrey Cambridge, Jerry Lewis, John Wayne - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (1967–1973): Season 1, Episode 7 - Sally Field, Terry-Thomas, Joby Baker, Godfrey Cambridge, Jerry Lewis, John Wayne - full transcript 
 Terry-Thomas impersonates Moses presenting the news while in a separate sketch Sally Field is a robot made from odds and ends. Bee Gees rock the show singing "Lemons Never Forget." ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Announcer] The following program is brought to you in living color on NBC. - All right now boys and girls, you remember last week when we left Buck Rogers, Dr. Zarkov had gone ahead to try to rescue Wilma from the man eating prune. - What is this a Good Will Industries program? - Now that was very interesting. - And now, coming to you direct from the world famous Rathskeller Room high above the police station here in beautiful down town Burbank, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 NBC presents Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In. (applause) Starring Dan Rowan, and Dick Martin. With guest stars Sally Field and special guest Terry Thomas with Judy Carne, Arte Johnson, and Ruth Buzzi, Henry Gibson, Goldie Hawn, Larry Hovis, Roddy Maude-Roxby, Joanne Worley and yours truly, Gary Owens. And of course, Morgol has the friendly drowb. - Tonight's program is brought to you by the marvelous simply bunch at, (70s style variety show music) - And now as we continue with tonight's 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 episode of Pantomime Playhouse, stepping into the vocal spotlight, here are Inspector Dan Rowan, and his assistant, the adorable, Dick Martin. - Good evening, let us meet together once more dear friends and offer praise to the NBC network that we are indeed meeting together once more. - We came here to bury Caesar, not to praise him. - No, we came out here in the beginning to, I tell you, tonight, why don't you tell the people who's on tonight's show? - I'll bet you think I don't know, huh? - Oh no, you always know, go ahead. - I've been doing my bookworm. Uh, homework. - Yes, well, tell them. - All righty, I happen to know this week, Terry Thomas is on tonight. - My golly, - Wild British actor. - That's right, that's right, who else? Who else is on? - Just going, just test me, go ahead. - Come on. - Sally Field Ha ha ha! I knew. - That's true, but who else is here? - Well the regular bunch of coocoos we have here. - Come on now, come on, who else is here? - Well, our regular gang. - Come on now, who, - You and me? - No, no you always say, - There's nobody else on, I studied. - Now come on, you always say, - There's nobody else on. - How about John Wayne? - Come on now you told me last week not to mention his name anymore, that the people would be expecting him and he's not going to be here, folks, I'm sorry. - He's here tonight. - He is not here. I must apologize for my partner. - Now you don't have to apologize because I tell you, he's here. - You're putting me on. - He has been listening, he's been watching the show and he's been hearing all the things you've been saying about him for the last three or four weeks and he has something to say to you. - That's hogwash and poo. - It's neither one. He is here and I'm gonna convince you. Ladies and gentlemen, just about the best friend the world has ever had, Mr. John Wayne. (applause) Good evening Mr. Wayne. - Nice to see you Dan. - I believe you wanted to say something to my partner. - I sure do. - There he is. - Yeah, I guess so. Hello Mr. Wayne. - Goodbye Mr. Martin. (laughter) See ya around, Dan. - Thanks a lot. (applause) See ya later at the party, pal. - Good night, Dick. (60s music) - Has the devalued pound affected you? - Oh not really, my dear, I put everything I had into revolving doors and paper towels and I was wiped out before I could turn 'round. (audience laughter) - I come from a broken home. I broke it myself. - If I'd have known immigration was coming so soon, then I'd have waited to marry the woman of my choice. - Do you feel the clergy should have a union? - Why not? We're all white collar workers. - Harry and I met in the tunnel of love and when we came out he scuttled the ship. - In Britain, we like to think that the youth of today are the mothers and fathers of tomorrow. - Is that so? In America our problem is to keep the mothers and fathers of tomorrow from becoming the mothers and fathers of today. - Boris says making love is only another form of free enterprise. - It is said the jackass is a beast of burden, but it is the camel that has the big problem. - And above all, remember these three little words, Don't argue. - That's only two little words. - See? You're learning. - I love everything about you English, especially your muffins. - Thank you very much, my dear, I feel the same way about you. - My parents say I don't know what good, clean fun is. And they're right. I don't know what good it is. - You can't buy true love for $1000. Maybe 10 years ago, but not today. - Do you think the sun will be out tomorrow? - Please my dear, I'd rather not talk shop. - Well in fox hunting, the leader wears a black velvet hat, and a pink velvet jacket. And he's followed by about 20 or 30 men. - In that outfit, I'm not surprised. - You know what's amazing? First, skirts were down around the ankles, then around the knees, now the thighs, where will it all end? - Do you still use the metric system over there? - Not since my wife took the pill. - The fact that the Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away, doesn't make the Lord an Indian giver. - Reverend Mother, get over here quickly, there's a bunch of people here and they're all flying. (snake charming music) (laughter) (silly music) - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. (laughter) - Sock it to me, sock it to me. - Hey man, gimme your hand. - Sure baby. (silly music) - Level with me, what are my chances? - Well, let me put it this way, If I were you, I wouldn't start reading any serials in magazines. - Oh darn. - A lot of people go around bad mouthing boa constrictors. I'd just like to say that's not very fair. Have you ever heard a boa constrictor say anything bad about you? I mean, really. - It's time now for the Laugh-in new talent department, when we spotlight stars of tomorrow today. From everywhere. - With a band from nowhere. - Oh, I thought he was all right. All right, who's first in our new talent tonight? - Well, you remember last week, you kinda brought me a looloo. - You don't mean Inga Neilsen? - Say it again. - Inga Neilsen. - Doesn't that have a nice ring to it? - Yeah, well, she's a good bugle player, but we've already done that. - Hold it, I've taught her a new instrument. - No kidding, what did you teach her? - Why do you chuckle? - I didn't, they chuckled. Now, tell me quickly. - Well, it's a kazoo. - A kazoo? - Yeah, you never heard anything like it. - I bet I haven't. - Is that dirty? - I'm just a kid, but I thought it was dirty. - I thought so. - Come on out now, honeybun. Did you warm up your kazoo? - Oh yes Dickiebird. - Dickiebird? - Well, that's the way it goes. And now folks, it's kazoo time on Laugh-in. - Uh, there's no way to avoid it, I guess. - Ladies and gentlemen, I ask you all to accept this dear child to your hearts as I have mine, the very lovely, the very beautiful, the very very, Inga Neilsen. (monotone kazoo with background music) (applause) Listen to that! Wow! I've never heard, ha ha ha. - Must say I've never heard anything like that before. - I thought you'd like it. - I didn't say I liked it. - What do you want to do for an encore Honeybun? - Well, while Honeybun ponders that weighty problem, why don't you take Inga and her kazoo backstage for a little rest. - That's the nicest thing you ever said. Come on Honeybunny. - And now, all you animal lovers everywhere, here's a real treat, the star of Good Morning World, one of the wild life impressionists of all time, the incredible Joby Baker and his world famous lizard. (applause) Now, indeed an honor for me to introduce the poet laureate of Carnaby Street, Sir Terrance Thomas. - There was an old lady who lived in a shoe. She had so many children, she didn't know what to do. Obviously. - Now folks, here is our own Judy Carnes. (laughter) - That's where John Wayne put me. - Well that just about finishes our new talent department for tonight. - It may finish our new talent department for every night. - Yes, friends, once again, the fickle finger of fate has found fame and fortune for the favored few. You care to add anything to that? - I wouldn't change a word. - Wait, where are you going? - I'm going backstage for a kazoo lesson. - Hey that sounds like fun, I'll go with you. - You're right, it does sound like fun, but you're wrong, you're not going with me. Coming Honeybun, here comes Dickiebird. - Say, in an effort to compete with Las Vegas as the entertainment capital of the world, The Nern Hotel here in beautiful downtown Burbank is putting on an all new spectacular review, and so from the stage of the Nern Hotel, here in beautiful downtown Burbank, here is Hugh Japton and the Zelmans. We know an all state Romeo Looking for a Juliet But he can't make his mind up Twixt a blonde, or redhead or brunette. Oh oh oh oh. I love the ladies I love the girls I love the lassies Classy trassies and their curls I see their kneecaps But not their eyes If I just had a great big ladder I could cut them down to size Their grace is much more Than Tom can tell I think each folly's dolly Khali is just swell I'll buy them zircons And cultured pearls Cause it's expensive Loving beautiful girls (indistinct singing) Cause it's not funny loving Beautiful girls - Due to unforeseen circumstances this show will remain on the air until further notice. - I love you're lizard. - Do you really? - Please show me how to make a lizard. - Alright now, just watch me, it's very easy, really. - Okay, show me. Oh, you're cute. - This is serious. - I'm serious, you're adorable. - I'm sorry. - Please show me how to make a lizard. - Move away from my scales. - Come on, show me how to do a lizard. - Would you please get her out of here please? - George, he won't show me how to make a lizard. - People aren't serious anymore about lizards. - En garde! - When we were first married, we were both the same height. - I wanna thank all the members of the Academy for these two fun filled weeks here at West Point. - To people school studying foreign languages, listen and learn, because if you get to Rome, you may see something like this. (speaking Italian dramatically) What does that mean in English? - You take a little of this wonder glue and spread it on this surface and then a little on this surface, and stick them together, can't pull them apart. (snake charming music) (silly music) (repeated chanting of phrase "sock it to me") - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. (missile whistling) - Very interesting. - Hey man, I got me a hair cut today. - Groovy, which one? - What we have here is a failure to communicate. - I have some good news for you, Mrs. Gransten. - Oh, I'm not married doctor. - I have some bad news for you, Miss Gransten. - Time now to say, "Now cut that out." As Laugh-in looks at the news, past, present and future. La la la la la la What's the news across the nation We have got the information In a way we hope will amuse you We just love mei qui to give you our views Ooh la la la (French singing) Now we look at the news, Here's Dan. - Here with the news of the present is the man to whom the news wouldn't be the news without the news. Here's Dickie. (applause) - Well, may the good fairy build a nest in your Dr. Dentons. Now, here's what happened today. George Hamilton was granted another deferment by his draft board on the grounds that his mother has flat feet. In a letter to David Susskind, William Buckley stated that his minuscule and unilateral vituperations were gratuitous, obtuse and only ca-noted a Herculean pressure in his circuitous manner. Mr. Susskind replied by saying, "Sticks and stones will break my bones, "but names will never hurt me." Coinciding with the announcement from the Pentagon that the world can now be destroyed in one minute and 27 seconds, the Lord's Prayer has been shortened accordingly. Take it away Goldie. - And now with the news of the future 20 years from now. Let's see, that would be uh... 1988. Or somewhere around there. Anyway, here's Dan. - Hollywood 1988, Sidney Poitier has refused to portray himself in the forth coming movie, The Sidney Poitier story. He declared he will not accept any part that cannot also be played by a white actor. Washington D.C., 1988, the census bureau announced today that the population explosion is finally over, owing to the fact that the world is now standing room only. Item 1988, with the merger of the Catholic, Protestant and Jewish faiths now a reality, Pope Leroy from the Christian Science Reading Room in Tel Aviv today granted special dispensation to Rabbi Francis MacDougal and sister Sofie Zeldon and urged them to stay together, if only for the sake of the children. - And now, here's another news of oh, And now here's the news of the past as we go tripping merrily back through history to Laugh-in's man outside the Pharaoh's palace in Egypt, in the bygone days, for a talk with one of history's first protesters, Moses. - Could I have a word with Moses? Which? Mo, you, you're Moses aren't you? - Me, sir? - Yes, would you mind? Moses, what's happening here today? - Happening? Well, this is a demonstration. - Oh, what's the demonstration for? - Well, we are protesting the Pharaoh's treatment of minority groups. - Oh, I see. - Can you imagine anyone discriminating against us just because we've got long hair, beards and wear sandals? - No, I can't imagine anyone feeling that way. How's the demonstration going? - Well, rather badly actually. - Oh is it? - You see the Pharaoh says it's okay to dissent as long as you don't disagree with him. It's hard enough to argue with a man who thinks he's descended from God. - Yeah, well, they're having the same problem in France. Do the police bother you at all here? - Yes, yes, we are harassed occasionally. Well, all the time actually, by the fez. - You mean the fuzz. - No, no, the fez. - The fez? - The Egyptian police. - Are you going to march? - Are we going to march? I'll tell you this, my people won't come back here again, not in a thousand years. - Well, you're close. One last question, what are you going to do when you get to the Red Sea? - I don't know, but I'll think of something. - I'm sure you will, thank you for the chat. Now back to you, Goldie and good luck. - And now here's another Laugh-in news feature. We take you for live coverage of the opening of the beautiful downtown Bur-burba, Burbank bank in beautiful downtown Burbank. - Hi there, this is your on the spot girl Ruth, here in the beautiful downtown Burbank bank, here in the beautiful downtown Burbank with the manager of the bank which opens today. You certainly must be thrilled, sir. - Hi there, Ruth, yes, I certainly am thrilled to be able to offer the citizens of our lovely community a safe place for their money. We hope you'll come in and enjoy the peace and serenity of our lovely surroundings. - I'm very sorry sir, but that's all the time we have and now back to the Rowan and Martin report. La la la la That's the news across the nation Now you got the information Thanks a lot we hope it amused you We just love mei qui to give you our views Ooh la la la (singing in french) - In defiance of numerous requests, we will now proceed with the entertainment portion of Rowan and Laughs, Martin-in. - Would you like to try now. - Yeah. How's this? How's this? - No, no wait a minute, Gold, Gold? - Huh? What? - See, ya started off right, but then you closed your eyes. When you close your eyes, that's a salamander. See, salamanders, they live in caves, they close their eyes, and lizards, they open their eyes. Wanna try it again? - Yeah, okay. - No, ya just, ya, ya just don't have your heart in it Goldie, I mean, maybe other things you do, but this, you flunked lizard. Bye Goldie. Let's hear a song That makes a man real strong Let's sing of love Not the other kind you're thinking of I think of you in a way that's strong I think of you that's why I sing this song I wouldn't sing Unless I felt this way So let's not stand around and play - I'm sick and tired of all this air pollution talk. We're breathing all this dirty air and nobody's doing nothing. I've got the answer. Get everybody to take a big deep breath at the same time and blow it out into brown paper bags. Take them bags and throw 'em into the ocean. That would take care of the problem. I think. (snake charming music) (laughter) (silly music) - My psychiatrist says anyone who's well adjusted in a disturbed world is obviously sick. - I say, isn't it ghastly about the queen? She ate the wrong kind of margarine and lost her crown. - Hey, I see Martha's pregnant again. - Yeah, seems to be a lot of it going around. - Women not only drive as well as men, but they can do it on either side of the road. - Life is just a bowl of (made up hacking word) with a bit chunk (made up word) hanging on the end. - I think a penicillin shot's a big pain in the neck. - Do you realize if Paul Revere had had laryngitis that night, you'd still be ours. - If you can keep a secret, I'll tell you how my first three husbands died. - My mechanic says my motor's running well, and my car's all right too. - My father says I have an IQ, but he doesn't know where they put it. - You know, I meant to ask you, did you have fun with those Siamese twins last night? - Well, yes and no. - Hey, ya like knock knock jokes? - Yes. - Wanna play one? - Sure. - Okay, you start. - Knock knock. - Start again. - Knock knock. - You don't even know how to play. - The second half of Rowan and Martin's Laugh-in is brought to you by, (70s variety show music) - Hickory dickery dock, The mouse ran up the clock. The clock struck one. - In New York, it struck four. - In Idahoe, three. - In Haight-Ashbuyr, 17. - In London, it struck a compromise. - That's in England, ya know. - In Texas it struck oil. - In Munich, it struck first. - In Dodger's Stadium, it struck out. - And in beautiful downtown Burbank it's still striking. - Hickory dickery dock. - That has a nice ring to it. - Oh, so (mumbling) - Was that Dean Martin? You're the only one I love The others have captured my heart a bit None have ever lit the magic darling you have lit You're the one that I admire And when I look at you my body catches fire What a rapture this is No hits, no misses Hello Narcissus, 'Cause now I'm here And I'm so in love With me - Could I make a lizard? - That's it, that's perfect. Isn't she beautiful? She did it. - I haven't made it yet. (silly music) I'm just breezing along with a breeze - That of course, was the delightful Helen Twelvetrees. And turning another musical page in our album of memories, here is the delightful Lamont Cransten. (snake charming music) (silly music) (repeated chanting of phrase "sock it to me") - And now folks, unfortunately, it's sock it to me time. (bomb exploding) I just don't care anymore. (screaming) - Doc, after the operation, will I be able to piano? - Oh yes, certainly. - That's funny, I never could play it before. - That's always been one of my favorites. (silly music) - Oh, I've heard of escalation, but this is ridiculous. - I think it's a crying shame that they don't make any more zeppelins. They don't make any noise, and they make nice holes in the clouds too. Let's hear it for the zeppelins. Blimp. - Tonight, mod-mod world looks at the British. Oh, as someone just said a minute ago, moving right along now, Mod-mod world's going to take a look at England. - Pip pip, carry on and all that sort of rot. - You know we used to belong to England, a long time ago. - You're kidding. - Oh sure, we left England just to escape one thing. - The Beatles? - Excessive taxation. - Well, I got news, it didn't work. - We owe England a whole lot you know, we have a big debt to England. - Why? - Well, some of the world's greatest literature, for instance, came from England. - Name one. - Romeo and Juliet. - Aha, that's two. - But it's just one story about the classic lovers, ya know, Romeo and Juliet. - Yeah, I know, I played the leading part in my high school play. - You played Romeo? - No, I played Black Bart. - There's no Black Bart in Romeo and Juliet. - There was in ours, we made a western out of it. - I don't think I wanna hear about it. - The horse's name was Romeo. - Yeah, I know I don't wanna hear about it. - I used to go out on the prairie and look for him. - I don't want to hear any of this. - Just yell, Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo? - That's not a, that's the way you called the horse? - Yeah. - That's not a love story. - Is too, he ran off with a lady horse. - You mean filly. - Philly, Detroit, Cleveland, I don't know where, never did find him. - He wrote comedies too ya know. - Name one. - Midsummer Night's Dream. - That was a comedy? - Oh, that was a great comedy. - Yeah? Tell me a joke from it. - Well, it wasn't that kind of comedy. - What do you mean? - No, no, - How can you have a comedy without a joke? - You don't understand, this is a, - I repeat the question. How can you have a comedy without jokes? - Well, do you remember when we first started working together? - I withdraw the question. - All right. Dickens was another. - Another what? - Another great writer. Remember Tiny Tim? - You're not gonna bring back Tiny Tim are ya? - No, not that, the classic Christmas story, A Christmas Carol, you know with Ebeneezer Scrooge? Jacob Marley and the spirits of Christmas, ba-humbug, you remember that? - I saw the movie. - You shoulda read the book, boy. - Oh it was too dark in the movie to read the book. - I suppose so. Of course England produced many great men other than writers. - Well, I suppose so. - Sir Walter Raleigh. - Yeah? - You remember him? - Why? - Sir Walter Raleigh. - I remember. He was the one, he was the one that spread his, - I didn't think you were gonna remember. - No? What? Are you serious? He was the one that spread his cape over a big mud puddle for the queen. - Oh golly, you're just a mass of history facts, aren't you? - Well, I remember. - He's actually more famous for having been the guy who introduced tobacco to England. - I didn't know that. - Sure, of course, they didn't smoke tobacco the way we do, ya know. They grind it all up and put it in a little, they call it snuff, put it in a little box and then they take a pinch between their thumb and their index finger like this, and then they'd place it up their nostril and sniff, like that. - They what? - You heard me. - They'd take a handful of tobacco, shove it up their nose and sniff? - That's right. - Well no wonder they drive on the wrong side of the street. - Oh for crying out loud. - You shove a cigarette up your nose, you'll drive on the sidewalk. You'll go right through a liquor store. - All right. So with that in mind, let's take a playful look at England. - Well let's make this one last stop, pop in there and say howdy to the Queen and then back home to the good ol' U S of A. - Now you remember Claude, even if she asks, we can't stay for dinner, 'cause then we'll have to have them over. - Yeah. Yeah. - Get the bell. (bell melody chiming) - Nice ring to it. Hey is his or her highness at home? - Prince Philip is in the counting house, counting out her money. The Queen is in the parlor eating bread and honey. - Haha, isn't he cute, Claude? - Claire and I are from Long Beach. - You have my deepest sympathy, sir. - No, you don't understand, that's where we got the Queen Mary. - And we just thought we might drop in and see her sister. (both laughing) - I'm frightfully sorry, sir, but nobody drops in on the queen unannounced. - Look boy, we're doing this on our own. She's not even on the tour. - Claude, we didn't even have this much trouble getting in to see the Pope. - I'm frightfully sorry, it really is out of the question. - Look buster, have you spent your whole life standing in this here doorway, keeping folks out of this here place? - Good heavens, no sir. I was was formerly maitre D at the Dorchester. The hotel sir. - Maitre D. Huh. Here. - Thank you very much sir. Table for two, down front near the queen. - [Claire] Hi ya'll. (70s variety show music) (coughing) - For the benefit of the jury, I shall now sum up this case. Mrs. Mist was sitting in the drawing room. Mr. Mist was drawing in the sitting room. Mrs. Mist missed Mr. Mist, and went into the sitting room where Mr. Mist was sitting drawing Mrs. Mist in the drawing room while Miss Melissa Mist, was most mysteriously dying in the dining room. - [Male Jury Member] Stop. Will you please repeat that? - Case dismissed. (70s variety show music) (piccolos playing Yankee Doodle Dandy) We dig the British, we really do You're really swinging and we owe a lot to you On style and music, we both agree We dig your Rolling Stones, your Beatles And your tea, yessiree We love you too yeah, you're rather nice Of course we can't used to red wine over ice We love the fellows you send our way Like Douglas Fairbanks Jr. And our Danny Kaye In lovely ladies, we have a smile We love your Julie Andrews And Patula Clark We like your movies about the west Of course your heart throbs are the best We dig the British, you're really keen We like your miniskirts, your music And your queen We love you too, yeah You're all a gas We love your charming Playboy Bunnies Love your fashions And your funnies And your actors And the crazy things you do Oh mother country, we love you - I say, hold on a second, the way they say mother gives it an entirely different ring. We've really fallen beneath your spell Where is downtown Burbank, And the Nern hotel We think that London's a groovy town But aren't your bridges falling down We dig the British We love the yanks And how we wish we had your money in our banks Well you actors have done your best We think your air is rather smoggy Well your country's always foggy Aren't your crumpets rather soggy Aren't your hippies kinda doggy Don't you think it's time you learned a thing or two Their always kidding Rule Britannia, Britannia rule the waves Hurray for the red, white and blue Oh mother England Yankee baby We Love you So long Ta ta Goodbye - Immediately following tonight's program, stay tuned for a full hour of rousing convention songs featuring the harmonious Suns of Whoopie. - Hi. - Hi. - Been here long? - No, not too long. - Come here often? - No, not too often. - How'd you like to come up to my place for a drink? - All right. - Come on. - Sing a song of six pence a pocket full of snuff, four and twenty black birds tracking down the stuff when the doors were open his friends began to sing. Now wasn't that a finky way to end an all night thing? (applause) - Hey, somebody threw a rock through the window with a note on it. - What does it say? - Windows fixed, $5. - Here we go down memory lane again folks. - And now, these important words. - Boobytrap - Sweet talk - Be that as it may, on with the entertainment program of this portion. (silly music) (repeated chanting of phrase "sock it to me") - All right. Is everybody ready? Come on, it's sock it to me time. Cute. Isn't that adorable? - [Man] Isn't what adorable? - The way he socked it to me. Cute. Oh, I've had it. I've had it, I've really had it. It's the last. (yelling in made up language) - What did he say? (repeating made up language) - You can't say that. - You could if you were on the Smothers Brothers. - Dear Mr. McDonald in answer to yours of the 18th, the shipment is on its way. You should be receiving it in four day's time. Thank you very much for the order. Yours sincerely, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Would you read that back please? - Yes sir, Dear Mr. McDonald, a squiggly mark with a dot over it, a long slanted line with a curly-que circle under it. Then a funny zoopy line going down with a short scrunchy line going up and around and down with a big loop. - What do you mean credibility gap? - Why are you in prison, compadre? - Oh, I am in prison for supporting Don Fidel Juarez. Why for you are in prison? - For plotting against Don Fidel Juarez. - Compadre, why for you are in prison? - Because I am Don Fidel Juarez. - In recent years there's been a tendency for older men to marry women much younger than themselves. You've noticed that. We've noticed it out here among our Hollywood personalities. For a close up of one such marriage, Laugh-in takes you now to the Beverly Hills home of noted actor, George Sanderson. - Vitamin time lovey. There you are, gobble that right up. - Thank you Elaine, you're very good to me. - Oh George they're opening up a great new Discotheque tonight and we're all going. - Not me, last night's roller skating did me in. - Oh George, what's happened to you? Married only eight weeks and already you've given up bowling, skiing and skydiving. - It seems all right when I was courting, but suddenly I feel old. - Oh George, with an attitude like that this marriage just cannot last. - You don't mean that. - I'm afraid I do. A girl has a right to expect excitement and glamour from her husband or go elsewhere for it. - Elaine, what can I do? You've gotta help me. - Well, I'll do my best. I'll talk to Ruth, but I can't promise anything. After all darling, you are her husband. - Well, after all darling, you are her mother. - With the grotesque fact that war news on television is constantly interrupted by commercials, someday wars may be conducted with the commercials already in them. - Hi Jim. - Hi Bill. - I couldn't march another step. My feet are killing me. - You ought to do something about it. - What am I supposed to wear? Supp hose? - Gee Bill, what you need is compoz. C O M P O Z. - I'm sorry Bill, I've been up tight lately. - That's all right, Jim. Let's finish our sea rations. - Should we? I can't brush after every meal, you know? (cannon firing) - There goes our new 16 millimeter cannon. - Yeah, but the enemy has a 17 millimeter canon. - So what, it's just a silly millimeter longer, we're safe in this foxhole. - Well, I feel safe, but actually Bill, you're only half safe. I may get shot for saying this, but you have bad, (airplane flying close) - Hey, those are our planes. Give 'em some ground support. (machine guns firing) - Hey, the enemy fort is knocked flat! Absolutely flat. - Tell you something else that's flat, Jim. - What's that Bill? - These cigarettes. - Here, try one of mine. - Thanks. Do you save the coupon on the back? - Sure you silly goose. How do you think I got this swell machine gun? (airplane flying by) - [Walkie Talkie] Attention, enemy aircraft overhead. Plane carrying hydrogen bomb, capable of destroying entire earth. There's only one thing you can do. - Quick, what do we do? - [Walkie Talkie] I'll tell you in just a moment. But first, this important message, - Well, it's time to say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Who's Dick? - And next week we have a wonderful show lined up for you, - I wonder if you'd mind if I said something my aunt once said to me. - I'd love to ordinarily, but we're out of time. Next week our show is, - She was locked in the projection room of the Rialto theater in Traverse City, Michigan for three days with the projectionist while they were watching Riders of the Purple Rock starring John Wayne and Dixie Dunbar. - Next week our guests are, - I think what perhaps she said when she came out of the projection room might be of interest to the folks. She came out of the projection room fast, and she said, Oh I couldn't say that on the air. - Say night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, everybody, hope you had a good time. - My father's an elk, a moose and a lion. - Really? What zoo does he live in? - One out of every three men is disturbed. That's because he's worried about those other two coocoos. - Hey, how 'bout it, Dick, you wanna go out to a nice restaurant after the show. - No thanks, I'm starved. I think I'd better eat. - I've heard a great deal about you, - Yes, but can you prove it. - There's one man who calls me every night, and I couldn't even repeat what he says. It's the best thing I've had going in years. - Mary had a little lamb, Its fleece was white as snow. I never seen white fleece before. - Have you seen the beautiful sunset? - Why? Is one missing? - I crossed a chicken with a racing form. - Oh really? What did you get? - A chicken that lays odds. - I say, knock knock - Who's there? - Jefferson. - Jefferson who? - Jefferson tea and crumpets old man. Oh, I've got another one. Knock knock. - I'll knock knock you, you crazy foreigner. - Hey did you hear about the guy who lit a cigarette in the dynamite factory? - No, where is he? - Room 46, 47, 48. - I didn't mind when he said grace at the dinner table. But when he kept mentioning her name in his sleep, I really go mad. - Viatchaslov? - Yeah. (foreign language) Yeah. (kazoo buzzing) - I made a pair of shoes out of banana skins. They made wonderful slippers. - If we're so over sexed, how come we're still a minority group? (silly music) - What was it you wanted to see me about? - I wanted to ask you about my brother. - The preceding was recorded earlier because our clocks broke. - The program you have just seen is true. Only the writers will be changed to protect the innocent. - Very interesting. He he. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 