Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In 
 s1e10 - Episode #1.10 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (1967–1973): Season 1, Episode 10 - Episode #1.10 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Narrator] The following program is brought to you in living color on NBC. - In spite of the fact today is April Fool's Day, the producers of Laugh In have asked me to announce we will do our regular show. Therefore we feel that... (laughter) After all, you're probably as sick as I am of practical jokes by now. Therefore, the preceding was unrehearsed, uncalled for, and... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Moving along musically now. - Bly me, they really socked it to him. - Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts and minds of men? The Shadow do. - Ha ha ha. - You know this show may bring back radio? - I find if you put both hands over your ears and scream, it helps a lot. - And now, and now, direct from the launching pad in the Off Limits Motel here in beautiful downtown Burbank, NBC proudly presents Rowan & Martin's Laugh In. (applause) Starring Dan Rowan and Dick Martin, with guest stars Barbara Feldon, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Judy Carne, Artie Duncan, the Bee Gees, and Flip Wilson. With Ruth Buzzy, Goldie Hawn, Henry Gibson, Larry Hovis, Roddy Maude-Roxby, Joanne Worley, yours truly, Gary Owens, and Morgul as the friendly Drelb. - Nice program. It's brought to you by all the fun-filled inmates at, two. (groovy music) - And now for a change of pace, here's the serious portion of tonight's program. Coming out of retirement, Dan Rowan and the spine-tingling Dick Martin. (applause) - Thank you. Good evening. Well, it's nice to see all your happy, smiling faces out there tonight. - Sure is. How come they don't turn around and face us? - No, no, they're turned around. Good looking group. You feel pretty good tonight. - That's what I hear. - Yeah, I heard something about that. I think we're gonna have a lot of fun here tonight. - You bet your sweet bippy we are. - Hey, let's tell the folks at home who's on the show tonight. - Before we do that, we don't we just tell the folks who's on the show tonight? - All right, go ahead. What are you doing? - You said go ahead. - Listen before we go... - Is that a slap point? - No, no, we'll tell ya when you got a slap point. But before we talk about who's on the show tonight, there's something, just before you start with that nonsense. Now every week you talk about some superstar who isn't here, some big movie star name, just to get the folks at home to stay tuned to the show. Now, it's not fair and I'd like you not to do it anymore. - I'm very sorry and I happen to agree with you and it's a bad thing that I've fallen into and I won't ever do it again. - Oh, wonderful. - Thank you. I was telling that to Steve McQueen out in the hallway. (laughter) - All right. You know Steve McQueen's not here and I don't want you to mention his name. - You can go home, Steve, Dan doesn't want anything to do with ya. (laughter) - All right. - He always spoke very well of you. - Well listen, I'm a big fan of McQueen's, but he's not here. But if you want to get down to cases, I'll tell you who's here, Barbara Feldon. - I'll get down to case with Barbara Feldon any day. - You really like her, don't you? - She's beautiful. - Yeah, a lovely figure. - Don't tell me, I got a life-size statue of her at home. - I kinda doubt that. - How come they charged me for a double room, then? (laughter) - Why, er... - Think about that. - You can't dwell on him too long. You know Flip Wilson's here tonight. - Oh, groovy. I dig Flip, he's wonderful. - Yeah, he's great. - I can't wait to see him. - Well, he's probably at the party right now, along with the rest of the gang. - Ah, great bunch of cuckoos. Especially that parson. - He may be the only one who's not at the party tonight. - How come? - Well, he said something about tending his flock. - Poor guy, never has any fun. Always tending his flock. - Yeah. - Come on, let's go to the party with the Parson and his flock. - No, no, that's his niece. (applause) (groovy music) - It's not that I wanted to work for the CIA, it's just that I still had family in Washington. (laughter) - I'll tell ya how I felt about that garbage strike in New York City. I don't know which smelled worse, the strike or the settlement. (laughter) - Yeah, I've known old Nixon since before he went into politics. That'd be a week ago last Wednesday. (laughter) - I fear for the separation of church and state. General Hersey just called up the Salvation Army. (laughter) - It was incredible. Last night at the movies I had to change my seat four times before somebody bothered me. (laughter) - I dreamed about you last night. - You did? - I want to thank you for a wonderful evening. - If the dromedary is not but a common camel, the alligator is just a crock, according to the Maharishi. (laughter) - Why is it so few American homes have an original bidet? - Well, they're not as popular as Picasso and they're much tougher to hang on the wall. (laughter) - If it comes down to Nixon and Johnson, well we Texans are gonna go all out for Johnson. See, he's better for tourism. (laughter) - Boris says the elections in South Vietnam were so successful that LBJ is thinking of running there. (laughter) - When you sin, you must ask forgiveness and expect to do penance. But you don't say, sock it to me. (laughter) - The student that makes trouble for the scribe is not but a pain in the class, according to the Maharishi. (laughter) - Boy, those Rockefeller brothers sure got it figured out. Nelson settles the strikes and Winthrop knows where the bodies are buried. (laughter) - I'm a MacDonald. - Oh, I always eat your hamburgers. - No, no, lass, I mean the MacDonald clan. - Someone mention the Klan? Feet, do your duty. (applause) - [Group] Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. - [Judy] And now folks, it's sock it to me time. - No, we can't hear you, Judy. - It's not clear at all. - No, you're gonna have to come out, Judy. - [Judy] Well if I come out, will you promise not to hit me with any water? Either of you. - We promise. - We promise. - And now folks, it's... Charming, charming. - No, no... - No, it's lovely. I'm amused. - It wasn't us. (silly music) For I'm Falling In love with someone Wait and see I'm falling In love with someone (musical flourish) - Now it's new talent time on Laugh In when we bring you the stars of tomorrow, today, from all over the world. (musical flourish) - Band from hunger. - You just don't seem to care much for the band. - Oh, they're wonderful guys. Lousy musicians, but wonderful guys. - Speaking of camels. - Speaking of camels? - Yeah, I got a goody for ya tonight. - Well, I hope so. - Yup, a dancing camel. - A dancing camel? - You ever seen a dancing camel? - I don't think so. - Very different, too. This camel has two humps. - I'll drink to that. (laughter) - Very few camels have two humps. - That's what the rumor is. - Yup. Just wait 'till you see her dance. - She dances, too? - Oh, really moves around. - I guess if I had two humps, I would, too. (laughter) - Are you ready? - I can hardly wait. - Ladies and gentlemen, just simmer down, for the first time on television. - Laugh In presents a double-hump dromedary. - Hey, well done. (applause) (dance music) (applause) - How'd you like that dancing camel? - I'm not too sure about that last one. - Oh, it's a good one. - Hey, I got one for you. - Tell me about it. - Well just about one of the foremost singers in the world today. - Really, what does she do? - I don't know. - Well, I can hardly wait to hear her. - Neither can I. - Why don't you bring her out? - No, why don't we have her sing first? - All right, instead of bringing her out, let's do it your way. - All right, ladies and gentlemen a cultural moment as Laugh In presents the internationally known opera star, Miss Snookie Lanson. - Miss Snookie Lanson? - You'll feel a lot better about it when you hear her. (applause) (laughs in tune to opera music) (applause) - Sure, there ya are. - That's our new talent for tonight. - Yeah, we've been asked to announce that transportation for tonight's contestants was not provided by a major airline. Accommodations for them were not furnished by a leading hotel, and automobiles for them were not provided by either number one or number two. - And the leading network has asked us to announce, asked what? - Has asked us to announce. - Asked us to announce that they were not even on the show. - That's right. - Plug, plug, plug. Definitely plug, payoff, payoff. Plug, boos, boos, I'm gonna get boos for that. - Tomorrow in beautiful downtown Burbank, look for smog, heavy rain, and continued good weather. - Psst. - What? - Hey buddy, your man is open. - Dear Aggie, five nights a week my husband gets home long after midnight with lipstick on his collar, liquor on his breath, and nothing in his pockets. Do you think he's cheating on me? Signed, frustrated. Dear frustrated, if he's getting home in that condition only five nights a week, he's cheating on both of us. - How'd you make all that money in Italy? - Oh, it was very simple. I sold periscopes to street walkers in Venice. - Very interesting. - Good evening. We're very proud of our police force. We say you can't beat our police. You really can't. If you do beat our police, technically speaking, it's assaulting an officer. And we can beat you for that. We'll beat you in the end. - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. Ha, ha, I didn't get wet. (musical flourish) - Enough of this light-hearted shilly-shallying. Here is the Rowan & Martin Laugh In news report of the past, present, and future. What's the news across the nation We have got the information In a way we hope will amuse you We just love to give you our views La la la la ladies and gents Laugh In looks at the news Here's Dan (applause) - And now here's the man to whom the news wouldn't be the news without the news. - Here's Dickie. (theme from "The Tonight Show") - Oh boy. May the good fairy, that's all, may the good fairy. Now for the news of the present. Howard Hughes bought the Las Vegas Playboy Club today and immediately ordered the bunnies to work harder or else. Three bunnies decided to work harder. The other 47 decided to try, or else. In assessing the current political scene, Governor George Romney said today, if nominated, I will not run. If elected, I will not serve, due to circumstances beyond my control. And now here's the final item. Today in Paris, sex symbol Brigitte Bardot allowed the press to photograph her taking a bath in goat's milk. Miss Bardot has always looked beautiful but the goat seemed rather tired. And now, here's Goldie. - And now with the news of the future, here is Dan Rowan and the news 20 years from now, in the future. - Washington, D.C., 1988. In this election year, the latest Gallup poll shows the Republicans now control 12 states. The Democrats control 14 states, and the Viet Cong control the rest. Hearing the news, Ho Chi Minh said, once again, he will go anywhere at any time to discuss an honorable withdrawal. Beverly Hills, 1988. Hemlines, which have been rising for the past 20 years continued to rise today as fashion designer Rudy Gernreich introduced his turtle-neck skirt. Just think about it for a minute. 1988, the United Nations today called off World War 13 when the entire general assembly agreed it would be bad luck. They voted overwhelmingly to go directly to World War 14. The vote was two to one. - And now let's take you to our man in the land of tomorrow. Take it away, man. - Well, here we are in 1988 and the United States is still missing H-bombs. Yesterday they lost six more and so we take you to the United Nations where a special emergency session has been called. - Gentlemen, I cannot overstate the critical nature of this emergency. The chair gratefully acknowledges the presence of the delegates from France, Ireland, Germany, Egypt, and, er... - Pollend. - Poland. - Pollend, Pollend. - Pollend. - Did you hear, did you hear about the Polish guy that went to the hospital and... (laughs) - Gentlemen! Gentlemen, gentlemen, the people vote, gentlemen? Did you hear about the Polish man who found six American H-bombs? - [Dan] No, no, how does it go? - Bang. (laughter) Gentlemen, I just want to know, am I right in assuming that whoever finds these H-bombs, belongs them? - [All] Right, right, right. - And any power that owns these H-bombs would become a nuclear power? - [All] Right, right, right. - Perfect. That's all I wanted to know. - You, er, you mean? - Right, right, right. Yes, gentlemen, we founded the missing H-bombs and as of this moment, Poland is a nuclear power. Which reminds me of a German joke I heard. (laughter) Did you hear about the world's shortest book? Four Hundred Years of German Humor. (laughter) Did you hear how the (mumbles) got shot? He was standing behind an Egyptian sharp shooter. (laughter) I hear that the three smelliest cheeses in France are Roquefort, Camembert, and De Gaulle. (laughter) - Ah, gentlemen, gentlemen, please. How do we know the distinguished delegate actually has found those bombs? - I was expecting someone to ask me that. (hums) You see, you make fun of the Polish people, and now we have a chance to be as powerful as you and we are not going to blow it! (explosion) (applause) ("Pop Goes the Weasel") - And now, here's another Laugh In news extra. Take it away Dan Rowan. - We're indeed privileged to have with us this year's Planned Parenthood poster girl. May I ask how you won this great honor? - All of us girls were judged by our talents. - In other words, your talent won for you the title of Miss Planned Parenthood? - You know it. - Yes, do you really plan parenthood? - Do we ever. - Have regular meetings? - Well, as often as we can. - Really? - Uh-huh. Sometimes the meetings last all night. - You don't object to parents having one child? - Oh no, everyone's entitled to make a mistake at least once. - Well, what's the first thing you suggest to a young, married couple? - Separate honeymoons. - You feel that does the trick? - No, we feel that doesn't do the trick. (laughter) - Tell me, how do you Planned Parenthood people feel about the pill? - Say that again. - The pill? - That's music to my ears. - Well, you're in favor of the pill, I take it? - You do? Goody for you, and don't you miss a day. - Yes. Well, you feel the pill has replaced willpower. - No, we feel the pill has replaced won't power. - I don't get it. - Poor baby. - Well, I see our time is running out, maybe none too soon. - Maybe we could get together after the show. I have some ideas that might interest you. - Yes, well thank you very much. I know that you... - I'll just wait for you outside in my car. - Yes, it certainly has been pleasant talking with you. - You can't miss my car. It's the one right next to yours. - We're going to take you back to our studios. Next to mine? Mine's home in the garage. - I know, sweetie, I know. - Shocking. But very interesting. - In just a moment, the Catholic hour. But first, this important word. - Bingo! - The annual installation of new offices of the Women's Christian Temperance Union will be held at the Waymore Hotel April 23rd. Oh, by the way, bring your own bottle. There are fairies in the bottom of my garden (laughs) - Hey, I bet you a dime I can kiss you without touching you. - Oh come on, that's impossible. - Oh yeah? Watch. - See? You touched me. - Okay, here's your dime. (silly music) - Hey, ya got anything on tonight? - I certainly hope so. - Dan? - Yeah. - They've got a new name for the pill. - No kidding. - That's right. - Would you pose in the nude for me? - Oh, I'm not a model. - I'm not a painter. - You know what you get if you cross a slot machine with a roulette table? - Five years in most states. - I had yellow fever and scarlet fever. I didn't feel so good, but you could just see me for miles. - I could never be a successful nudist. I keep spilling coffee in my lap. - I said some foolish things to you last night. - Yes. - That was one of them. - If Shirley Temple Black had married Tyrone Power, she would be Shirley Black Power. - Help, ooh, help! Ooh, I'm being attacked by an elk, a moose, and a lion. Will somebody please tell two of these fellas to go away? (laughter) - Did you know this is National Motherhood Week? - Hey, I gave at the office. - The second half of Rowan & Laugh's Martin is brought to you by... (silly music) - You wanna try another knock knock? - Sure, go ahead. - You start. - All right. Knock knock. - Go on. - No, you don't understand. Look, I'll show you. Knock, knock. - Who's there? - The Bee Gees. - Bee Gees who? - The Bee Gees, just about the greatest musical group you've ever seen. (applause) (wind chimes ring) Incidentally, there should be some changes made You've got to work if you should have to save An apple is a fool but lemons never do forget You've got to play it cool Before they come and throw the net Wait a while and straighten out the tie you wear You've got to take it easy if you dare An apple is a fool but lemons never do forget You've got the play it cool Before they come and throw the net Don't be blind You've got a thinking mind Stop the bells that ring so loud Don't nod your head you'll draw a crowd Just think of everything You've worked so hard to bring The lemon sings my song He's known it all along Incidentally there should be some changes made You've got to work if you should have to save An apple is a fool but lemons never do forget You've got to play it cool Before they come and throw the net Don't be blind You've got a thinking mind Stop the bells that ring so loud Don't nod your head you'll draw a crowd Just think of everything You've worked so hard to bring The lemon sings my song He's known it all along Incidentally there should be some changes made You've got to work if you should have to save An apple is a fool but lemons never do forget You've got to play it cool Before they come and throw the net - Be fair, chaps. Let me get me line out, and give me a count of five to get back in the tank, all right? All right, then. And now folks, it's sock it to me time. - [Dan] One, two, three-four-five. Everything I have is yours - Oh, ooh, ah. Thank you! Thank you, I appreciate it! - What freedom means to me, in 25 words or less, by Henry Gibson. It means freedom from speech Or liberty bell And Betsy Ross Free stolen for the little children And you can own your own dog And - How'd you like to cheat on your husband? - Oh, Dick. I'm not married. - Oh, well, forget it. (musical flourish) - Tonight Mod, Mod World looks at communications. - Brothers and sisters. Yeah - This evening's dissertation Mm mm - Concerns communication. - [All] Oh. - And our participation. (group agrees) - In everything that gets the word around. - [All] Hallelujah. Laugh In looks at teletype Telephones Telegraphs Laugh In gets a lot of laughs From communication Laugh In looks at Morse Code (mumbles) jungle drums Laugh In looks at talky chums That's communication Kitchen TV Radio And ESP Blind books in braille And of course the U.S. mail Laugh In looks at all the news From the north From the south Laugh In looks at mouth to mouth Resuscitation What Laugh In looks at communication (applause) - Hey, as the fellas just told you, tonight's Mod Mod World is gonna take a little look at communications. (beeps Morse Code) Hey, you know about communications, huh? What are you doing there? - I'm whistling. - Oh, well no, that's not whistling. - I know that, but I can't whistle, and I like to do something. - Yeah, do that again. (beeps Morse Code) - Hey, you know, you're sending a message. Well, one time we got a subject you know all about. That's communications, pal. - I'm sending a what? - A message, that's Morse Code. - I'm not sending a message. I'm saying (beeps). - You're going with the Morse Code like (beeps). That's S-O-S, you know what S-O-S is? - Sauce. - You really know about sauce, but you don't know anything about communications. No, no, that's the Morse Code. - Yeah? - Oh yeah, it's very interesting. Hey, do you know how communications got started years ago in this country? - No, but I know how communications got started many years ago in this country. - Oh good, well then you can tell us about it. - Okay, go ahead. - Well, you see an Indian, an Indian climbed up on a mountain, very high hill, see? And he took two sticks, rubbed 'em together, made a fire. Then he got a wet blanket, he put it over the fire, puffs of smoke came up, and that's how he signaled across the hills to the other tribes. - Why didn't he use a phone? - Well, they didn't have telephones in those days. - That's what they'd like you to believe. - No, no, they never did. You know where we'd be today without telephones? - On top of a mountain with two sticks and a wet blanket? - That's very probably where we'd be, but we don't have to do that today. You know people have come to rely on telephones. - Not me, boy. - What do you mean not you? Even just to cure loneliness. You wake up in the middle of the night, who are you gonna talk to? - I wake up my maid. - Well now that's a terrible thing to do to a nice old woman that's been working all day for ya, cleaning up that messy house of yours. She needs her sleep. How old is your maid? - Nineteen. I figured she can get up twice. - Okay, well, why not. - Compared to this, my show's a sermonette. - You know what's the newest thing about telephones? It's a whole big thing of the future, is television telephones. - That's phonavision. I've had that for years. - How can you have it for years? It hasn't been invented yet. - That's what I said, I've had it for years. - Oh, you get a nice clear picture, do you? - I guess so. You know every night about midnight, I call Sophia Loren on the phone. - Yeah? What do you say? - Well I don't say anything. I tell her, here's what I tell her, that I'm from Western Union, see, and I've just slipped a telegram under her front door downstairs. - Well that doesn't make any sense. Why do you do that? - Oh yeah? You wanna see Sophia Loren jumping out of bed and bouncing down those stairs, it'll make a little sense to ya. - Telephone company hears ya say that, they're gonna pull all the phones out of your house. - What do I care? - Well, how ya gonna talk to Sophia Loren? - I'll go up on a mountain with two sticks and a wet blanket. - Speaking of wet blankets, Mod Mod World's gonna go ahead anyway and take a look at communications. (groovy music) - What's that, senator? I can expect a call any minute? They finally want to get rid of the Iron Curtain and talk world peace? Why, that's wonderful news, senator. This'll be my crowning moment as your president. (red phone ringing) Hello? Yes. Just a minute. It's for you. - Hello there, mama. Yeah. (groovy music) - The problems of communication between men and women have been made much simpler by the use of computers to discover the perfect couple. In this way, computerized dating can overcome the everyday barriers which exist between the sexes. - Now, people, the ideal date for you by the computer, number one, number one, and number three. Number one and number three. And number two and number four. Number two? And number four. - Well, it's late. - What we have here is a failure to communicate. (groovy music) - Emily, it's from our daughter, Maryanne in New York. - Oh, it's a record. Play it, Harvey. Oh, Maryanne. - I wonder what she's got to say. - Oh, the darling. - [Maryanne On Record] Hello mom, hello dad. Mommy, daddy, I'm so scared. A man has been following me all day. He's right outside the record booth now. He's moving towards the booth. He's forcing the door. (screams) - Let's see what's on the flip side. (groovy music) (red phone ringing) - Hello? Uh, yes, yes, this is Johnson. Yeah, well, let me say something. You better watch your step. That's right. Just mind your own business. That's right, and don't call me. I'll call you. He took that rather well. (explosion) It's fun to communicate Nice to communicate Give your world some spice to communicate Life's a bummer A real ho hummer You gents and madames To fool around like Eves and Adams It is a sorry state When people don't relate Only uptight squares won't communicate Worn out rajas And far out zsa zsas Will tell you, darling it's great Look at any picture He still communicates With many lovely ladies in the land Now there's computer mates Where Jane finds Tarzan And NBC gets Johnny Carson She wolves communicate, monkeys communicate Here Mae West at rest can communicate All great figures can hit that trigger Like Freud, say why should you wait Sigmund sang out, let it all hang out Communicate Look at Lizzy Taylor She can communicate With lots more men than any girl around If we've been sleeping late Please stop our snorin' And wake us for Sophia Loren Reagan communicates Humphrey communicates LBJ, they say, still communicates Mad musicians and politicians Have had the world on a plate Lonesome roamers act like Casanovas If you're not mine, call me on my hotline When you're gloomy, baby sock it to me And we'll communi... Communicate (applause) - (whispers) Now tell her. - She's in there. - I know it. - Hey Judy? - Yeah? - It's time for your sock it to me line. - [Judy] I'll sock it to you! - Very interesting. About time. - I wouldn't touch that one with a 10-foot pole. Maybe an eight-foot Hungarian. - Dear Aggie, I am a young, attractive girl with a 42, 26, 36 figure, but no boyfriends. How can I make an impression on men? Signed, lonely. - Dear lonely, have you tried a crowded elevator? - Continuing with brevity as our theme, it was announced recently that a much shorter marriage ceremony is now permitted by some denominations. Now this might lead to some confusion. - Smile. - What? - I said, smile. - Well what have I got to smile about? - Because newlyweds are expected to smile. And whether you were to blame, Margaret, or whether I was to blame, we are now a pair of newlyweds, so smile! - Well it's not my fault we're married. - Well it's not my fault, either. I didn't ask to be best man at this wedding. - Now that's beside the point. You agreed to be best man, therefore you should have done it properly and stood on Arnold's right. - He said to stand on his left. - Now the best man always stands on the groom's right. - They why did he say left? - Because he's left-handed, that's why. - I still think it was your father's fault. If he had brought you down the other side. - Oh charming, then you'd have married my father. - No, if he had brought you down Arnold's right. - Then Arnold would've married my father. - Why didn't Arnold say something? The dumb-dumb. - Oh, you wouldn't say that if he were here. - He is here. - Hi. - Oh, Arnold. - Hello, Margaret. - Well aren't you gonna say something? - Oh, yes of course. Congratulations. - Is that all? - No, no, no, I hope you'll both be very happy together. But Harry, how are you ever gonna explain this to your wife? - Smile. - Meanwhile, back at the program. - And they call this beauty the spoiler. - Hey. - Oh, sorry my dear. I thought you were my sister. - You fool, I am your sister. I see your face before me (screams) - Is that a chicken boa? - May I have this dance? - Well, I'm a little stiff from bowling. - I don't care where you're from. Let's dance. (silly music) - And now, ladies and gentlemen, here's a regular Laugh In feature we like to call "pot-pouree." - Hey, er, hold it Flip. Dick's supposed to do that. - You don't mind if I grab the (mumbles). I like the sound of pot-pouree. - Well, in the first place it's not pot-pouree. - It isn't pronounced pot-pouree? - No, it's not pot-pouree, it's potpourri. - Well the heck with it. Let Dick do it. - Heck with them, baby. - Who was that? - I don't know. Go ahead. - And now, ladies and gentlemen, here's a regular feature of Laugh In we like to call pot-pouree. - Oh, for... - Hello. I'd like to buy a bowl for my doggie to drink water out of. - How 'bout this, madame? - Oh! That's perfect. - Yes, and if you like, you can have your doggie's name put on the bowl. - Oh, no, that won't be necessary. You see, my doggie can't read. And my husband doesn't drink water. - I came to take my literacy voting test. - I see. Now boy, you know that you gotta get a hundred percent on this test before you can vote. - I know it, I know it. - Okay, that's good. Now, first question boy, what does oxygen mean? - It means air. Nothin' but air. - That's right. Now, what does bacteria mean? - That means germs. - That's very good, very good. Er, what does aurora borealis mean? - Uh, that means that I ain't gonna get to vote. - Very interesting. - I have a confession to make. I knew the moment we started to dance that you were the girl of my dreams. Those eyes behind your mask. - And you're so strong. I feel it, too. I know we belong to each other. - Will you be mine forever? - I will, I will. - Then let's take off our masks. - Bye, baby. - There are ugly people out there. But they're spread out. - Henry! Henry, are you still working on that stupid thing? It'll never work. You're a hopeless failure, a pitiful dreamer, and a weak-kneed ineffectual. Now hurry up and make it snappy and get ready for dinner. It's almost ready. (clockwork key clicks) - Why do you put up with that witch, you fool? You're a spineless failure, a hopeless dreamer, afraid of your own shadow, and you're a shell of a man. - It was recently learned that the underground terms for marijuana such as Acapulco Gold, Panama Red, terms you wouldn't be familiar with. - No. - Have already been registered as trade names for a cigarette of the future. - You're kidding? - That's right. Now if the forbidden weed ever becomes legal, well Laugh In takes a very concerned look ahead. - I guess so. - Hey, I'd like to get a pack of Acapulco Golds. - Me, too. I'll go with ya. - No, you're the guy who sells them. - You sure? - Pretty sure. - Okay. - Well, so can I have it? - Have what? - A pack of Acapulco Golds. - I ain't got none left. - You sold 'em all? - I guess I smoked 'em all. I ain't got none left. - Oh. Wait a minute, I have some. - Thank you. - Come in again. - Hey. I'd like to buy a pack of Acapulco Golds. - We don't have anymore. - Oh. - No more Golds. - Okay. Here's your change. - Thank you. (upbeat music) (silly music) - Well Dick, it's time to say good night. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Who's Dick? Who's Dan? Who am I? Who are y'all? - Listen, you know gang, if you can be around next week, you're really gonna enjoy yourself. - I wonder if you'd mind if I said something my aunt said to me about three weeks ago. - Oh, I'd love to hear it but we're out of time. Next week, you're gonna... - She was caught in a phone booth with an Australian fruit fly salesman and they were stuck there for three weeks with 150 Harry Belafonte records. - Well, but that's not what's up. Next week, what you're going to have... - I thought what she said when she came out of the phone booth might be of interest to the people. - Came out of the phone booth from the fruit fly salesman with, yeah, what did she say? - Ah, well, she picked up one of the Harry Belafonte album covers and showed it, I can't tell ya. - Say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, everybody. Hope you had a good time. - I want to kiss and hug you in the worst way. - Well, how 'bout standing up in a canoe. - As that great Italian philosopher Valicelli once said, (speaking foreign language) Here comes-a the judge. - Do you know what you get if you cross an orange with a cactus? - Spiked orange juice. - I got a new car for my wife. - Gee, I wonder what I can get for mine. - How about a nice chicken? - My girl Rose, my girl Rose, my girl sat on a tack, my girl rose. - Why does a chicken cross the road? - Why? Is one missing? - Now, see, there's another chicken joke. - If Mary Tyler Moore married William Wyler, she'd be Mary Tyler Wyler. - When I went skiing, I broke my leg in two places. Once at the top of the hill, and once at the bottom. - I'm just an average American girl. - If she's average, I've been going out with boys. - Dan? - Yeah. - I just crossed a black widow spider with a horse. - What did you get? - I don't know, but if it bites ya, you can ride it to the hospital. - I was born in Chicago. - Ooh, before the fire? - No, behind the piano. - Well, the doctor said to me, take off your clothes. - Oh, what's wrong with that? - You kidding? I'm his nurse. - What goes, step, step, step, clump? Step, step, step, clump? - What? - A centipede with a wooden leg. - Don Adams, your shoe is ringing. - Which general wears the biggest hat? - Oh silly, the one with the biggest head. - I always say a man who hates animals and small children can't be all bad. My mother's eyes (operatic vocalizations) (laughter) - Very interesting. But grotesque, ick. - This program was recorded earlier because there were ladies waiting at Dick Martin's house. (one person clapping) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 