Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In 
 s1e1 - Premiere - Barbara Feldon, Flip Wilson, Leo G. Carroll, Lorne Greene, Buddy Hackett, Sheldon Leonard, Tiny Tim, The Strawberry Alarm Clock - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (1967–1973): Season 1, Episode 1 - Premiere - Barbara Feldon, Flip Wilson, Leo G. Carroll, Lorne Greene, Buddy Hackett, Sheldon Leonard, Tiny Tim, The Strawberry Alarm Clock - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Announcer] The following program is brought to you in living color on NBC. - What you are about to see is true, only the names and faces have been left unchanged to protect the innocent. - That is the most beautiful thing I ever heard. - From their beautiful studios in downtown Burbank, NBC presents Rowan and Martin's Laugh In. (audience applauds) Starring Dan Rowan and Dick Martin with guest stars Pamela Austin, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Barbara Feldon, Flip Wilson and the Strawberry Alarm Clock, with Ruth Buzzi, Judy Carne, Henry Gibson, Larry Hovis, Arte Johnson, Jo Anne Whorley, Ben Wrigley, and introducing Morgul as the Friendly Drelb. And yours truly Gary Owens. Tonight's program is brought to you by our good friends, (groovy music) And now ladies and gentlemen, for your further listening pleasure, here are the songs of Dan Rowan and the lovely Dick Martin. (audience applauds and laughs) - Good evening. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Good evening, we are very happy that you have tuned in this first show of our new series. Right? - Yes, and I'd like to add a further note if I may. In that each time that we have said these things, we have hoped that the noon is that has worn off has come through feeling that the long arm has gone through and brought back one that we could slip under the door. (audience laughs) - Yeah, well I couldn't have said it better myself. Hey how bout that, your name's in big lights up there on that marquee. - So's mine. - Yeah. That's pretty good huh, Rowan and Martin's Laugh In. - Starring Bonnie and Clyde. - That's next door. - Ooh. - Yeah. Yep NBC took the one hour special we did last September, now we're gonna do 13 in a row. - We can't do 13 hours. - Why not? - We'll be here all night. - No not every night every night. We do them every Monday night, once a week you know. - Ho ho ho oh. - Sure. You are happy about it aren't ya? - I certainly can. - Yeah well why, I think you should say something. - All right I, if I may I'd like to say that I'm very pleased and gratified to know that I will be on the air every Monday night. - Well I think you should say that. - Thank you. We'll be very pleased - No I don't mean - And gratified to know - you should say it again. I think that once was just fine. But you know, when you realize, when you think just for a second you know, there's gonna, every Monday night millions of people, millions right now watching you. What do you say to that? - If each and every one of you could send in one dollar. - No no no. (audience applauds and laughs) You can't say that, it's illegal. - How bout a dime. - No no no. You can't, you can't say that. - You can't shoot a guy for trying. - You cannot get anywhere by being dishonest. - Oh how bout Bonnie and Clyde, their name's twice as big as ours. - No no no. You're off on a tangent. - I had one of those, but it sprung a leak. - No no, I mean you're going in a different direction. This show is going to be a different show. It's not a regular variety show. You realize that you now have a chance, one hour a week, you can do anything, you can say anything you want to say. - You're kidding. - Anything that you wanna say. - You'll get a kick out of this one then. There was a... Anything the censors and NBC and the sponsors will allow you to say. - That does cut down the odds doesn't it. (audience laughs) - It narrows it a little bit. But there are a lot of subjects you can talk about like history. You like history? - Yeah. - You wanna talk about history? - Alright. - You know what happened in 1492? - No, but there was a great party in 1537 upstairs. - Oh, well why don't we go to that one. - You wanna go? - Come along with us. (audience applauds) (groovy music) - Georgie's so square, he thinks that planned parenthood means living with his mother. (audience laughs) - You know I could have had the lead in I Spy, but they gave it to Robert Culp. (audience laughs) - It's not that Ronald Reagan dislikes education, it's just that he's not fanatic about it. (audience laughs) - You know I always say before two people can love each other, you really have to like each other. (audience laughs) - Boris says real rejection is trying to sell Support Your Local Police bumper stickers at Berkeley. Isn't he silly? (audience laughs) - As the Ram Chungulahoran once said, "When the lamb lieth down with the lion, it is then and then only, the pigeon will sit on the arm of the idol." (audience laughs) - When I asked Harry whether he'd rather watch Mission Impossible or kiss me, he said "What's the difference?" (audience laughs) - I say we ought to get bingo out of the supermarkets and back into the churches where it belongs. (audience laughs) - 90 percent of the Cadillac owners in America say, those white people sure make some sharp cars. (audience laughs) - I have nothing against the sexual revolution, as long as they don't start storming my barricades. (audience laughs) - It is said, if the maiden saveth not the oil, it is then the Maharajah trims the wick. - I wish I had said that. (audience laughs) - And there'd be no trouble in the Middle East, if only the Israelis and the Arabs would start behaving like good Christians. (audience laughs) - Well what do you think of Red China? - On a blue tablecloth, I think it looks lovely. (audience laughs) - You're no relation to the Seattle Martins are you? - No no, my mother married my stepfather's brother by a previous marriage. You might call me the man from uncle. (audience applauds) - Kuryakin, get over here fast. I think I've found THRUSH headquarters at last. (audience laughs) (audience applauds) (cheery music) - Step to the front please. (audience laughs) (slapping) - Sock it to him, sock it to him, sock it to him. - Sock it to him, sock it to him, sock it to him? (audience laughs) (lively music) (mumbling singing) (wood smashing) (audience laughs) - This fall when we did our first Laugh In as an NBC special, we introduced some exciting new talent, all of whom have gone a long way. Three of them have joined the Peace Corps and two of them are being held captive by Polish freedom fighters. - The last one became the Kumquat Queen of the Annual Fire Island Fruit Festival. (audience laughs) - So tonight, Laugh In proudly presents, (music trumpeting) our new band. No, we're, we proudly present our new talent department. - And to get things started. - No hold it, I got a surprise for you. - Oh you're kidding. You got a goody for me so early in the evening? - I have, wait til you see this pal. The toast of Greenwich Village in his first appearance anywhere, Tiny Tim. (audience applauds) A tisket A tasket A green and yellow basket I sent a letter to my mother On the way I dropped I dropped it I dropped it On the way I dropped it I sent a letter to my mother On the way I dropped it (audience laughs) On the good ship lollipop It's a sweet trip to a candy shop Where bon-bons play On the sunny beach of Peppermint Bay Lemonade stands everywhere Crackerjack bands fill the air And there you are Happy landing on a chocolate bar See the sugar bowl do the tootsie roll With the big bad devil's food cake If you each too much Ooh ooh You'll awake with a tummy ache On the good ship lollipop It's a night trip into bed you hop And dream away wee On the good ship lollipop A tisket, a tasket A green and yellow basket I sent a letter to my mother On the way I dropped it (audience applauds) - If you ask me I think the guy is nuttier than a fruit cake. - Huh, like that? A real surprise for you. - You searched high and low for that one didn't you? (audience laughs) - Kept him out of the service. (audience laughs) - I'll bet the army burned his draft card. (audience laughs) - Interesting (laughs) - Hey I got one. - What, you've been holding out on me. - I never held out on anyone. - Oh. (audience laughs) - Here is Ireland's favorite son, with some musical memories of the good old days. (audience applauds) There'll be no heebie-jeebies hanging around I wanna holler so the world will know Here I go I'm Alabamy I'm Alabamy I'm Alabamy bound (audience applauds) Say you guys, how do I get this off? (audience laughs) (audience applauds) - Thank you for that, and now Dick here's one of the greatest sopranos of all time. - You're not gonna bring back Tiny Tim are you? - Not right away. Tonight we're gonna witness a television first, direct from the Metropolitan Opera in New York, two great opera stars will make their non-classical debut. And here they are, La bella prima donna Ruth Buzzi and tenor ray profound Don Vincenzo Laforza. (audience applauds) (triumphant music) (moves into groovy music) They say that you'll be mine For love the time Oh baby Don't klutz around Yes I believe Your love all time I promise not to klutz around But if your love will never grow You've got to promise we'll be through I'm not gonna sit around and wait I'll go out and get another date I swear by stars above I'm gonna give you all my love Oh baby I won't klutz around (audience laughs) You know I think you're hot You can have all the kisses I got I wouldn't make you wait You'll never never never have another date Believe me I'm for you As long as skies are blue Oh baby I won't klutz around. Klutz Klutz Klutz (laughs) Klutz Klutz Klutz Klutz Klutz Around (audience applauds) - Well, that's it folks. - Remember New Jersey, the number is Bigelow two. - Two that's not much of a number. - It wasn't much of a talent show either. (audience laughs) - Be that as it may, tune in next week folks when the fickle finger of fate may beckon you to stardom. You have anything to add to that Dick? - How can anybody add anything to that? - All the world's a stage and all the men and women merely players. - What'd you say? - I said tune in next week when the fickle finger of fate- - Now cut that out! (audience laughs) (audience applauds) - Moving along musically, here is the lovely Dick Martin with trees. (trumpet sting) (audience laughs) - The Feather, by Henry Gibson. The feather is a wonderful thing, without it the bird could not fly. In addition, it warms the old warblers and protects them when they are hiding. The police like the feather too because it helps them control the traffic. Well take for example the streets, which would be a mess if birds started walking. But most of all, it is cheerful and gay. If it were not for the feather, we would be without fluff. (audience laughs) When you're down and out Lift up your head and shout I'm down and out Oh I'm begging (audience laughs) (cheery music) (audience laughs) - Sock it to me. - And now folks, it's sock it to em time. (audience laughs) - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. - Sock it to me? (lively music) (audience laughs) - Hold it, hold it, hold it. Good news, I couldn't get you life, but I got you alternating current. (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (jaunty music sting) - Time now to stop all of the madness with these kooky, nutty, strange people. To bring you the Rowan and Martin report, an analysis of the news, past, present and future. (lively music) What's the news across the nation We have got the information In a way we hope will amuse you We just love to give you our views La Da Dee Da Ladies and Gents Laugh In looks at the news Here's Dan (audience applauds) - And now here's the man to whom the news wouldn't be the news without the news, here's Dickie. (audience applauds) - May the bird of paradise nest in your nunu. Hi there gang, this is your Uncle Dickie with tidbits from Tinseltown. You know, rumor has it that Rock Hudson is the same person. (audience laughs) Meanwhile, following the Queen Mary controversy, a British firm has offered to buy Long Beach and turn it into a ship. (audience laughs) Incidentally San Francisco has made an offer for the Queen Elizabeth. If the bid is successful, that'll give California the two biggest queens in the world. (audience laughs) Naturally a spokesman for Ronald Reagan denies this. (audience laughs) Okay. And now back to Dan Rowan as Laugh In looks at the headlines 20 years from today. - 1984, here's an item from Howard Hughes home in Las Vegas, Utah, Arizona and California. Sources close to Mr Hughes revealed that he has purchased the Painted Desert. He is planning to have it framed and it will probably hang in the Grand Canyon which he bought last week. Washington DC 1984. President Robert Kennedy announced from the White House today, that he doubts that there is a serious romance between his daughter and actor George Hamilton. Saigon, 1984. Settlement is due any day in the Vietnam crisis, meanwhile US jets continue to strafe Vietcong positions just outside Paris. Now to our lady correspondent, Theona Thing. - Here we are in Africa for the historic meeting between African leaders Mowee Shombay, Casa Booboo, Joe Mokinyata and Necrooma. - Man, that's a funny name. Lyndon Baines Johnson. (audience laughs) - And now here's the latest dirt from the movie capital. (audience laughs) - And now we take you to our man in Antarctica. Roger McGraw, take it away Rog. - And now back to Rowan and Martin. Take it away Dickie. - Wait, wait, wait a minute. How about a report from Antarctica Rog. Take it away Rog. - Oh okay, let's see well, yesterday I shaved, this morning it snowed, last night I ate penguin, this morning I got up. Bulletin, I think I've got an abscess tooth. I'm so cold. (audience laughs) And that's it from Antarctica. Now back to the Rowan and Martin news. (audience laughs) - Recently the 200 millionth citizen was born in this country and here I am just outside the Garden of Eden, to interview the very first man. Good evening Adam. - How you doing baby? (audience laughs) - I can call you Adam can't I? - I don't look like Eve do I? - Well that's. (mallet bangs) How long, how long have you been living here Adam? - Well since the day after we ate that apple. Bout eight years now. - You like it here? - Yeah well it's quiet, lots of room for the kids, we're putting everything into land. Now's the time to buy. (audience laughs) How'd you like to buy Manhattan for two dollars and 50 cents? It's gonna be higher when the Indians get it. (audience laughs) - I think you may be right there. You must have been working here hard, hard all your life? - Yeah, gotta keep my nose to the wheel. (audience laughs) Well there's a guy on the other side of the garden, he really works hard (whistles). - Yeah. - Boy he works from the time that big red thing goes up in the morning, till it falls down into the ocean. - The sun. - The son, the mother, the father, the whole (mumbles) (audience laughs) (mallet bangs) - Listen Adam before I leave, do you have anything to say to the man of the future? A word of advice I can take back to them? - Well, I guess I'd have to say, it wasn't the apple in the tree, it was the tomato on the ground. (audience laughs) (audience applauds) Well, there's one that won't roll away. (audience laughs) (audience applauds) - And that's all the news, that's all from the news, past, present and future. Be sure to watch next week when I... Wee. - When I've got a real surprise for you- - Hey, you're not gonna bring back Tiny Tim are you? - No tune in next week when Laugh In looks at the news. - That's right folks, and we'll be here with the new news. (jaunty music sting) - We'll be right back after this important word. - Elbow. (lively music) - Congratulations Mrs Jones, you're a mother. And don't worry, husband and baby are doing just fine. - Ooh. (screams) (cheery music) (audience laughs) - Hi gang. - It's now time for station identification. - Yep. - This is K-I-N-G in Seattle. - This here is K-O-G-O is San Diego. (model cracking) - [Dan] Now that's a station break. - Off with his head. - Hey, charming, that's charming. - We'll be right back with more exciting commercials following this brief frightment of entertainment. The second half of the Rowan and Martin Laugh In is brought to you by. (groovy music) - [Chorus] Sock it to me, sock it to me, - And now folks it's sock it to him time. (mallet bangs) - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me? (lively music) (audience laughs) - Hold it, hold it. Good news, I just heard from the Governor, he is definitely going to run for President. (audience laughs) (balls banging) (audience laughs) (drum roll) - Is Rex Harrison his real name? - Is Rex Harrison whose real name? (audience laughs) - Seriously folks, it's time to climb on, cash in and cop out as Laugh In presents, the Strawberry Alarm Clock. (audience applauds) (groovy music) Tomorrow Things won't be the same Tomorrow Life would be a different game But right now I am with you and Together we can make it through Ba-Ba-Ba Ba-ba-ba-ba Forever Our love might last Forever Will it come too fast But right now I am with you and Together we can make it through Ba-ba-ba Ba-ba-ba-ba We live in a world Of carnivals and clowns And buildings to the sky That make us want to fly We live in a world Of carnivals and clowns And buildings to the sky That make us want to fly But right now I am with you and Together we can make it through But right now I am with you and Together we can make it through Wow wow wow wow (audience applauds) - Alright, hold it right there. - What? - I've seen some pretty disgraceful things in my time but that's the topper. - Well it was a- - Wait a minute. Do you know what that is? - I have... That's vandalism. - Well we- - A wanton destruction of private property. - They really hit... Well it's a total disregard of law and order. - Oh I know. - Don't you realize we have a responsibility to the young people in our audience. - We left the tire- - We have to show them by our example to develop into mature adults with a mature adult attitude. - Well how do you know that they're- - What's that ridiculous thing you're holding in your, give it. (audience laughs) Don't ever do it again. - Georgie's so square, he thinks that a little pot is Tupperware for midgets. (audience laughs) - The cost of advertising on national television prohibits anyone but big corporations from displaying their wares or expressing their views. - So Laugh In has created its own classified ads department to give the little man an equal opportunity. - Good idea. - Here are the Laugh In classified ads. - What am I bid for this fine fine specimen? Do I hear 10 dollars, do I hear five dollars? How bout a mint julep? (audience applauds and laughs) - And that's it for our classified ads tonight. (audience applauds) (groovy music) - [Woman] Honey, can you come here a minute? (audience laughs) (cheery music) - And now folks, it's sock it to him time. (water splashing) Not me you ruddy fool, him. (drum roll) - What's in a number four. - Number four is the ham, tongue, turkey, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato and russian dressing. - I'll just have a ham on rye. - One number four hold the tongue, turkey, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato and russian dressing. (audience laughs) - Hold it, hold it. Just uncovered new evidence there's no question about it. You did it. (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (jaunty music sting) - Blintz. - Tonight the subject of Laugh In's Mod, Mod World is the American Family. (groovy music) It's a mod mod world, A mod mod world A mod mod world - Tonight Mod, Mod World looks at the American Family. The very basis of man's happiness in today's world and Dick I'd like you to pay particular attention to this subject tonight. - Sounds interesting, I'm kinda sorry I missed it. - Well you haven't missed it, we're just getting ready to do it. - Oh. - Yeah. Now I want you to try and, now pay attention will you, now try and think of the American family as democracy in its purest form. Okay. - Yeah, - The father is the President of the family, the mother is the Vice-President. - I get it yeah. Now there was Hubert Humphrey is the father of his country, - That's right. - And the mother of his family. - No, Hubert Humphrey is the Vice-President of the country. - Well according to you then, Mrs Humphrey is the father of her family. - No you're not getting it this way. Let's start at the beginning. - Alright, good evening ladies and gentlemen- - No no. (audience laughs) Now look, family life began in America when a handful of pilgrims landed in a small boat and today they are 200 million strong. - How'd they get here? - In a small boat. - I'd like to get a nice girl, a small boat and fool around a little in it. - When you think of it, 200 million people living in happy families, while you go your wasted way along. - Well it's not wasted. - Well it is wasted, you have no-one to see to your comfort, no-one to bring you your slippers you- - I got a dog. - Yeah but you have no-one to tuck you in at night, and kiss you goodnight and cuddle closer. - I got a dog. - It's not really the same thing. Some day you're gonna have to realize that a man is only really happy in the bosom of his family. - Hey, I'll drink to that. - I want you to, can you get a picture in your mind. Picture this. You're with a woman you love. - Has she got a small boat? - Now this is a very, very special woman. - She's got a motorboat huh? (audience laughs) - Wait a minute, you're in there with her. Beautiful woman, special woman. Before you know it. (Dick laughs) Marriage. (Dick imitates vomiting) You started your family. - I have, in a boat? - Yes. Before long, before long you'll hear the pitter patter of little feet around your house. - Mickey Rooney's coming to dinner? - No. I just don't, I don't see how you can go along the same route. Why don't you change your routine, every night of your life it's a different girl, going from one party to the next, whooping it up and you think you're having a good time. - Yeah isn't that silly? - But you're missing half the fun. - They opened a new place? (audience laughs) - No they didn't open a new place, I'm trying to tell you you have, I, it it really, the mind fairly boggles at the dismal prospects that face you. I can see a long lonely vista for you. All alone, when the other families are gathered around the hearth-side, celebrating Christmas with their children and their grand-children, the sound of Christmas carols fill the air. What are we gonna hear from your house? Row row row your boat (audience laughs) But seriously folks. The cornerstone of the American family is the mother. What is the mother? To help answer this question, let's talk to the lady recently voted Mother of the Year. And now we take you to our man in Alaska, take it away Dan Rowan. - Dan Rowan here, I'm seated in the igloo living room of Mrs Nanette Umlock, the Mother of the Year. May I call you Nanette of the North? - Mush. (audience laughs) - Listen for the benefit of our viewing audience, exactly where are we? - Oh we're right here in suburban Scagarack. We moved here a few years ago from Nome. - Do you prefer it here? - Well there's no place like Nome. (audience laughs) That's a local joke. - Yeah I guessed it must have been. How does it feel to be the Mother of the Year, the first Mother of the Year from the North Pole? - Oh Harvey's not Polish, he was born right here in Alaska. - [Dan] No I mean, you have 24 children. - Maybe Harvey is Polish. (audience laughs) - 24 children, that must be some kind of a record isn't it? - Not here in Alaska, the nights are six months long. Dumb dumb. - You know that jerky's terrible. Nanette when you were named the Mother of the Year, the judges said something about your cooking. They spoke very highly of your cooking skills. - Well I do have a way with whale. - Well it shouldn't be too difficult. - Have you ever tried to defrost one? (audience laughs) - What do you do for entertainment? - Well we just sit around and chew the fat. (audience laughs) - This is Mother of the Year with 24 kids, you have any advice for the young women of America? - Yeah. Don't rub noses with the first guy who comes along. (audience laughs) - Say it's getting rather dark, I think I'd better be getting along. - Oh I'm afraid you've missed the last sleigh. Would you like to stay overnight with us? - [Dan] Well that's very kind of you but I thought you just said that the nights are six months long. - Mush. (audience laughs) - Right back to you Dick. (audience applauds) (jaunty music sting) (groovy music) In the area of family life, Hollywood has become more broad minded than ever. This is evident in such movies as Guess Who's Coming to Dinner where an integrated marriage is portrayed for the first time. We'd like to show you a scene from the sequel which is now in production. (easy listening music) (cups banging) - I'm getting fed up with this. Fed up. Your mother treats me like dirt. - What? - I said your mother treats me like dirt. - My mother? I thought she was your mother. (audience laughs) It's a mod mod world, A mod mod world It's a mod mod world. - If it's true that children learn by imitation, then so do families and where better to look for that good example than at America's present first family. Not so long ago... (twinkling noise) - Daddy. Daddy. (President mumbles) Mr President. It's me Daddy. (audience laughs) No it's your daughter. (President mumbles) Well it's three o'clock in the morning. (President mumbles) Well Daddy it's the only time I could talk to you. I've got great news for you. (President mumbles) No Daddy your popularity hasn't gone up, it's not that. I found myself a man. I'm getting married. - Well come on in, we'll talk about it. - Daddy I met him at the Young Republican's dance. (audience laughs) - Daddy, I've got to talk to you. My husband doesn't like my chili. - Come on in and we'll talk about it. - Daddy, what does Mama put into your chili? - Ah Mr President, Mr President. - The President recognizes a senior senator from Illinois, if you wouldn't mind Everett. - Mr President I know it's three o'clock in the morning, but I must discuss something. Mr President you must admit that as a statesmen, I have made quite a record for myself. - I know you have Everett, I bought two of your record albums myself. Come on in and we'll talk about it. - Mr Dirkson, do you know what goes into chili? - A lot of ex-Nazis from Germany. - Mr President? - Oh it's you Bobby. How's your brother Teddy getting on? - He's out getting over the headboards, here he comes now. The kids are right behind him. Yeah come on kids, bring the football. - [Teddy] Never been in a huddle in bed before. - [Bobby] Now move over there please. - [President] Everett, would you mind moving over there. Bobby would you sit over there, Teddy would you, Lyndon don't, my fellow Americans, it is with a heavy heart that I must ask you to get the football out of my pajamas. - [Married Daughter] Bobby, do you know what goes into chili? - [Bobby] Several ex-Nazis from Germany. - [Everett] I already told them that. (children shouting) - [President] Now why don't you all kinda quiet down. (audience applauds) A mod, mod world - The main concern of every American family is the children. How are they, where are they, and most recently, what are they? The ladies of our research team in an attempt to reach a better understanding, have come up with this musical question. We're wondering where We're wondering where We're wondering where are your children tonight The little darlings Where are your children tonight The little angels Where are the sweets Are they out on the streets Are they living it up Carrying on What do they do when their parents are gone Where are your children (singing foreign language) We mean this evening Where are the darlings Mama Have they been naughty Where do they go When you go to a show Are they punching their cards Under the stars Rocking and rolling in neighborhood barns Maybe they're darlings Maybe they're pips But when you catch them smoking Are they smoking filtered tips They don't care for coffee They just dig the pot We must understand them They're the only kids we've got We're wondering where Are your children tonight Call a policeman Where are your children tonight Call a patrol car Delinquent found when the folks aren't around Are they having a ball Living with all of their might We ask the question parents Where where where Where where where Where where Where are your children Are they home In bed Alone Where are your children tonight (audience applauds) - Bang. (cheery music) (cardboard bangs) (jaunty music sting) - And now tonight carrying on in the great tradition. - Which we hope to start. - Yeah, we present the first of our ever popular Laugh In salutes. - Tonight, salute to the establishment. With an E With an S With a T-A-B-L-I With an S With an H With a M-E-N-T Huh. Let's all salute the establishment The group who tried to run the whole shebang Ra ra ra Whoop de toot the establishment Assume the guys are really grooving in Ra ra ra Hail the lads in authority The chip for freedom fell the mighty plain Ding dong The guy on top The boys in charge The local fuzz The army sarge The friendly President Ho ho E-S-T-A-B-L-I-S-H-M-E-N-T Oh hail the establishment Who we Ra we ra ra woopdie de ra (audience applauds) - Yes. The establishment, the power people, the folks who run this country and make it what it is. - Confused. - Yes sir that and more. And what does the establishment get for its troubles? Demonstrations, sit-ins. - Love-Ins. - Civil disobedience. Racial unrest. - Is that any way to treat a swell bunch of fellas, well is it? - No. - [All] No. - You students, intellectuals, and other minority groups, have been giving the establishment a lot of static lately and we think it's time somebody took the other side. So do you wanna join us? - [All] Yeah. - Come on all you hippies out there, let's here it for the fuzz. - [All] F-U-Z-Z fuzz. - And you college kids, how about a big hand for selected service. - [All] Yay. - Sure and show a little tolerance, take a fuddy duddy to lunch. - [All] L-U-N-C-H lunch. - Fuddy duddy. - So the men in power have been screwing things up for years, doesn't experience count for anything. - [All] Right, yeah. - Well, big city landlords have their problems too. You think it's easy to create a slum? - [All] S-L-U-M slum. - Fuddy duddy. (audience laughs) - You complain about dishonesty, bigotry, greed, don't you have any respect for traditions? (audience laughs) - Yeah and what about the buffalo? - It's not the thing, (audience laughs) it's not that they don't want to win the war on poverty, they just want an honorable withdrawal. - [All] Yeah. - So stop bugging them and join them. - [All] Yeah. - Fuddy duddy. (audience laughs) - Well of course the police harass teenagers. What do you expect them to do, go out and break up the mafia? - [All] Oh. - So there you are. Next time you see a member of the establishment, don't hit him with a brick, have a little compassion. - Seek not the arrogance of power, but look instead within yourself for the deeper spiritual values. Bobby Baker June 3rd 1963. - I knew it. E-S-T-A-B-L-I-S-H-M-E-N-T Oh hail the establishment Who we Ra we ra ra woopdie de ra (audience applauds) - Tune in next week when we'll be right here with another head high stack of big ones for you and yours. (whistle blowing) (audience laughs) (lively music) (audience laughs) (cheery music) - Say goodnight Dick. - Goodnight Dick. - Goodnight Dick. - Goodnight sweet prince. - Goodnight sweet prince? - We'll be back next week with our family of kooks plus Robert Culp of I Spy and some more surprises. - You're not gonna bring back Tiny Tim are you? - No we really do have a great line up next week. I wanna tell you first of all- - I wonder if you'd mind if I said something my aunt once said to me? - I'm afraid we're out of time. - Oh. - Next week, our guest as I say- - She was locked in a steam bath at the Wolverine Hotel in Detroit Michigan with a bassoon player from the Johnnie Scat Davis Orchestra. (audience laughs) - Well I'm happy you brought that to our attention. Next week our guests as I- - I thought perhaps what she said when she got out of the steam bath would be of interest to the people. - Oh she had something to say? - Oh immediately. (audience laughs) - I don't know about them but I don't want to miss it. What did she say? - Well when she came out of the steam bath, she, I better not say what she said. (audience laughs) - Say goodnight Dick. - Goodnight Dick. - Goodnight ladies and gentlemen, hope you had a good time. (audience applauds) (groovy music) - Knock knock. - Who's there? - Cara. - Cara who? - Carafornia here I come. - My friend Louis saw a dummy try to throw his elbow on the floor and miss. My kind of town Sun City is my kind of (coughs) - If the warden at Sing Sing is watching, the boys found out is was your birthday sir so they prepared a little surprise for you. So stick up your hands warden. (audience laughs) - Kick that ball Willy. - Ah what's brown and covered with sugar and holds its side when it runs? - Er, gingerbread man with a hernia. On the good ship lollipop - There he is again. - Let's go find Ray Charles. - Wanna start a pith party - Sure. - Good, get a pith and come on over. - Oh. - Play on the harp Billy Davey. - Hickory Dickory Dock, the mouse ran up the clock, while in the same room a bride and groom didn't even notice. - Will the lifeguard who's been applying mouth to mouth resuscitation to the beautiful brunette in the gold bikini, please stop. She's been fine since Friday. - Knock knock. - Who's there? - Quilton. - What? - Velcome to hot (laughs) - There's not hey. - Will the real Will Chamberlain please sit down. Here we go round the mulberry bush, The mulberry bush The mulberry bush Here we go round the mulberry bush Hooray for company picnics (audience laughs) - People who live in glass houses shouldn't... - Vote yes on proposition no. (curious music) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (cheery music) (audience laughs) - Receding was recorded earlier because we're one engineer short today. - Very interesting. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 