Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In 
 s1e2 - Robert Culp, Flip Wilson, The First Edition, Leo G. Carroll, Sheldon Leonard, Tommy Smothers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (1967–1973): Season 1, Episode 2 - Robert Culp, Flip Wilson, The First Edition, Leo G. Carroll, Sheldon Leonard, Tommy Smothers - full transcript 
 Sketches include News of the past, present, and the future, Body graffiti on Judy, Flip as the Caveman auctioning off the Kentucky Colonel, and Maude's World of Higher Education. Featuring ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (mellow fantasy music) - [Narrator] The following program is brought to you in living color on NBC. (humming) - Last week at this time NBC presented the first in a series of television shows entitled Rowan and Martin's Laugh In. Now, the reaction was tremendous. In spite of this and in defiance of numerous requests tonight NBC is once more going to sock it to you. - Unfortunately, he is correct. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Hey, I didn't know that. - Tonight, from their beautiful studios in downtown Burbank NBC presents Rowan and Martin's Laugh In, starring Dan Rowan, (upbeat 60s music) and Dick Martin. With guest stars Robert Culp, Rip Wilson, The First Edition, with Judy Carne, Arte Johnson, and Eileen Brennan, Ruth Buzzi, Henry Gibson, Muriel Landers, Roddy Maude-Roxby, Jo Anne Worley, yours truly Gary Owens, and by popular demand Morgul as the Friendly Drelb. - And me, I'm Ed McMahon. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - [Narrator] Tonight's program is brought to you by. (upbeat 60s music) - And now, on with the show. And, here are your favorites and mine, two real nice guys and very good friends. Dick Rowan and Dan Martin. (laughs) Dick, Rowan and Merlin. (laughs) Dumberland and Ro, Roman and Merlin. (laughs) So, let's bring 'em on. (laughs) Friends of mine Rowan and Marvin. (laughs) Here they are folks. (applause) - Evening. - Hey. - It's very nice of you to join us for this, the second in the Laugh In series. - And, if I may I'd like to add to that, that if you get there soon enough and shove enough under the door that you could beat your uncle home. (laughs) - Hey, I kinda missed seeing you this week after rehearsals. You've been cutting out like somebody's after you. Some of the cast is beginning to think you're stuck up or something. Where you been? - Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I have to stick pretty close to my apartment, you know. - [Dan] Why? - I'm having it redone. - You're decorating your apartment? - Yeah. - You doing it yourself? - No, I hired a decorator. He flies in and out. - He's from out of town? - Well, you might say that. You might, I wouldn't. - What's his name? - Bruce. - Bruce what? - Bruce Bruce. - I don't think I've ever heard of him. - Well, that's strange 'cause he's decorated some of the most famous places in the world. - Like whose? - Well, he just finished Doctor Scholl's pad. (laughs) That's a little foot joke. - Yes. (laughs) - And, they get away with murder. - Well, you've got a decorator that's a kook. - No sir, that's what it's really like, you kidding me he's made a couple of great suggestions. - Like what? - You remember that, the far end of my living room the wall there? - The one with all the book shelves. - Yeah, not any more though. He took all the bookshelves and the wall out and it's all glass now, floor to ceiling, wall to wall glass. It's one huge picture window. - What for? - Well, Bruce feels that he'd like to bring the outside in. - You know, that's not a bad idea. I forget which end of the building that wall's, what's your view down there. - Well, that's the hang up, you see. Actually, it's a bad turn on the freeway. (laughs) - Well, that brings the outside in. - A 1938 Essex and two hitch hikers. - Last night? You're getting 'em all. I think you're just throwing your money away with this guy. - Are you kidding? Bruce did some wonderful things in my bedroom. - [Dan] Like what? - Well, he put a skylight right in the ceiling. - Oh hey, that's a good idea. I like those skylights, it's great to lie in bed and see a nice view. - Oh, I love it. I don't think the couple upstairs are too crazy about it. (laughs) - Looks like you've gone and done it again. - Well listen, you can be your own judge. We're having a little party. I'm gonna throw a little housewarming party and you're invited. - Well, I'll reciprocate, we're having a little party here and you're invited. - When? - Right now, as a matter of fact you're invited too, so come on along. - [Dick] Come on. (applause) (upbeat 60s music) - May I ask a personal question? - Yes, my child, anything. - Who are you and what are you doing here? (upbeat 60s music) - My brother's a Quaker. Some of his best Jews are friends. (upbeat 60s music) - Well, Boris says a hippie is what comes just above the kneesies. (laughs) You nut. (upbeat 60s music) - The ugly people know who they are. (laughs) (upbeat 60s music) - I wanted to have a nose job but Harry said it would be like putting a luggage rack on a 1953 Desoto. (laughs) (upbeat 60s music) - As it is said Rom Shadndagar the sorrows of man are thousandfold, but it is the camel that has but one hump. (laughs) (upbeat 60s music) - Well, is it true that British women are more reserved? - No, I wouldn't say that. I suppose it's not a bad idea to give them a call first. (laughs) (upbeat 60s music) - Adam and Eve, Anthony and Cleopatra, Liz and Dick, and now you and me. (laughs) (upbeat 60s music) - Oh, I know I've seen you somewhere. Give me another clue, go on. - Well, does the name Bill Cosby mean anything to you? - Oh of course. - Of course. - Bill Cosby. I'm dreaming of a white christmas (laughs) (upbeat 60s music) - In the words of the Maharishi if the laughing hyena laughs but the grizzly bear does not grizzle, what then of the horned toad? (laughs) (upbeat 60s music) - No, actually it's in Idaho. - Would you mind saying that again? - Idaho. - That's frightfully interesting, we pronounce it Ohio. (laughs) (upbeat 60s music) (growls) - You show me a girl who growls like that and I'll show you a tiger. - My last boyfriend's mother used to say that. Funny, his name was Dickie, too. - Mom always did like him best. (laughs) (upbeat 60s music) (applause) (mellow music) - And now folks, it's Sock It To 'Em time. - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me? (laughs) (upbeat 60s music) (laughs) (upbeat 60s music) - A gift from a fan in Detroit. (upbeat 60s music) - Well, hello out there in video land. Once again it's New Talent time. - You're not... (fanfare) Is that the new talent? - No, that's the same old band. - Oh, good. - Say, have I got a surprise for you tonight. - You're not gonna bring back old Tiny Tim, are ya? - Oh, no, no not tonight. Here's one of her majesties Grendier Guards, Corporal Roddy Maude-Roxby. (British fanfare) (shouting) That's Roddy Maude-Roxby. - Well, that's some of the best marching I've ever seen. (applause) Well, that's wonderful. - Wait a minute. - Who's next. - Wait a minute, he hasn't done it yet. - He hasn't done it, huh? - No. (laughs) - I've got a feeling he's going to, though. (laughs) Do you sing or dance? - No sir, we're not allowed sing sir, not in the regiment. Sir, not in uniform, you see. If you wanna have a song you have to take the uniform off. After lights out in the barracks you may hear the odd solider having a bit of song, you see. That'd be your odd soldier, you see. No, we don't sing in the regiment sir, nor dance, you see. Dancing is frowned on in uniform. We're not allowed to dance in uniform. Turn a parade into a mockery. No, we couldn't have lots of people dancing around, you see. If they wanna have a dance after lights out in the barracks you may find the odd solider having a bit of a dance, you see. But, that would only be your odd soldier. No sir, dancing is definitely out, you see. Not allowed that at all, sir. We are guardsmen, you see, we guard things. Technically speaking we stand at guard by a palace or a head of state or a bridge and he's guarding it, you see. Even if I wander up and down, technically speaking I'm on guard at this moment. I am guarding you, you see. You could say I'm on guard right beside you. Of course, the on guard position is arrived at by shouting "On guard, right". (shouts) That's on guard you see sir against someone coming from that direction, obviously you see. It'd be useless from someone coming from over there. Then we go, "On guard, left, on guard, left. "Halt and deliver the Queen's keys. "Advance and be recognized." - Somebody lost the Queen's keys? - I am here sir to read the poem, recite the poem with which I won the reciting prize for the British Army you see, sir. - Good. - This was in Edinburgh in 1956. I was stood on top of a wall at Ediburgh Castle you see in 1956 and I recited my poem. Of course, the audience couldn't hear me. They were way down there, they hadn't got a blind chance. If one of them had come up there they'd have heard me reciting. I go back to the sergeant Major, I report to him, he asks me, "Did you recite your poem?" I say, "Yes". He takes my word for it, he asks me my name and number. I got both those right I get my prize, you see. There is another prize, that is for reciting poetry in the face of the enemy. This is very difficult you see I have to get right up to the enemy, recite into his face. Very hard for one to complete the poem, you see. I shall now go and look for a wall and recite my poem. (shouts) (British fanfare) (applause) - He's taller than Tiny Tim, isn't he? - He's gonna go out there and recite the poem. We'll hear about that later. Now, we have a really unusual act. - That one wasn't unusual. (laughs) - No, no. - That's your everyday, run of the mill thing you see on Dean Martin every week. - That's pretty weird, man. - Yes sir, boy. - I got one for you in that case. - Oh, you have one? - You know, talent lurks in many places. - That's true. - Our roving talent scout found a PTA mother who was cross walk lady right here in downtown fashionable Burbank. Ladies and gentlemen, is there a downtown Burbank? - Yes there is, and that's where she's from. - Ladies and gentlemen, Missus Eileen Brennan. - There she is. (applause) (mellow music) Remember your name and address And telephone number too And if some day you lose your way You know just what to do Walk up to a kind police man The very first one you meet And simply say I've lost my way I cannot find my street But I know my name And address And telephone number too And he'll be kind And help you find The dear ones who wait For you (applause) - Didn't have cross walk guards like that in my day. - That oughta save a few lives. - On our special last fall we introduced a famous rock and roll singer from behind the Iron Curtain. Tonight, due to numerous requests, we're bringing him back for a return engagement. - Yes. - Yeah, ladies and gentlemen Pierto Dismanko. (applause) Good evening Mister Dismanko. - It's very nice. - It's certainly a pleasure to have you back on the show tonight. - I like to for coming here. - You're going to sing a folk song? - No, for the first time I'm going to sing a song from the musical theaters of our people. - Oh, it's musical tune from your own show. - It's one of this brand new song. - [Dan] New song? - Introducing for the first. - [Dan] A Russian? - For the first time. - [Dan] Oh, wonderful. - This song in this place. (singing in foreign language) (laughs) (applause) - Beautiful. Well, that about wraps it up for our new talent department for tonight. - And, remember to vote for your favorite. Put your name and measurements on the back of a self-addressed stamped photograph. - That was dumb. - We're gonna see that you get yours. - That's right. - And, remember this folks who knows when the fickle finger of fate may beckon you to start 'em. - And good night Tiny Tim wherever you are. (laughs) (applause) - This is your off stage announcer reminding you that I have an upset stomach. - The biggest thing that happened to you guys is when they put you on the nickel. (laughs) - I've seen you someplace, I know I've seen you some where. - All right, I'll give you another hint. I'll make it easy for you. What do you do every Monday night between 10 and 11 or nine and 10 Central Time. - Oh, I always stay home and watch my favorite TV show. - Well, I certainly hope so, Stanley, okay now. - Oh, that's funny, you don't look like Carol Burnett. (laughs) - I just wanna swing. (mellow music) - And now folks, it's sock it to 'em time. - [Narrator] Sock it to me, sock it to me. - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. - Sock it to him? (upbeat 60s music) - Don't tell me about Johnson. He's done some pretty great things, like his war on puberty. - I would like a chocolate malted, please. - Chocolate malted, sure lady. Hey, would you like an egg in it. - Yes. - Okay. (laughs) (upbeat music) (laughs) (quirky music) (laughs) (blows raspberry) - And now, it's time for Rowan and Martin's look at the news, past, present, and future. What's the news across the nation We have all the information We report the news, news We report on News Ladies and gents let's hear most of the news Here's Dan (applause) - Thank you, and now once again Rowan and Martin looks at the news past, present, and future. And now, with the news of today here's Dickie. (applause) - Greetings friends, may the bluebird of happiness hatch in your hair piece. (laughs) Here's some names in the news: Linden, Hubert, Bobby, Liz, Mervin, Leroy, Irving, and Morgul as the Friendly Drelb. Next, here's today's big story. - Hey, that doesn't make sense. - NBC announced that in spite of the highest ratings ever for the Bob Hope Christmas show they intend to cancel that Viet Nam war. Fashion News from Paris, French designers say that 1968 will see the end of the short skirt, long earrings, and textured stockings while women's fashions will remain essentially the same. (laughs) And now, we take you to our man in Pittsburgh. What's happening in Pittsburgh, Bob? Okay, and now for a look into the future with the news, headlines, 20 years from now, and here's Dan Rowan. (drum roll) - 1988 from the capitol of France in Quebec, Canada (laughs) General DeGualle announced that from now on his birthday will be celebrated on December 25th. (laughs) Sacramento, 1988 Governor Ronald Regan announced a generous increase in California Medicare benefits. The ailing Governor is 65 today. (laughs) (applause) Here's some more news in the future, 20 years from now. Dublin, 1988 with marriage in the church recently sactioned the Arch Bishop and his lovely bride Sister Mary Catherine said, "This time it's for keeps." (laughs) Now, here's the news of the past. Back to you, Dick. - The so called modern trend in topical and political comedy in America today began, in fact, when there were only 13 colonies. We take you back 200 years to the colonial Boston, where it's show time at the colonial Copper Kettle Coffee Kitchen. (applause) (upbeat swing music) (applause) - Yeah, it's nice to back. I always tell my friends this is my favorite place. You know, I never can wait to get back to the Copper Kettle, my favorite place. I always look at the audience, you know you got a lot of ugly people in the audience here at the Copper Kettle, but I like them. (hums) Ben Franklin got married, did you hear about that? Yeah, he married a model up in Philadelphia. (whistles) Fox. (laughs) Big time model, that's her picture on the front of those mother's oats boxes. (laughs) You know, I started here at the Copper Kettle. I used to hold the little horses out front. (laughs) (applause) Well, I gotta go, besides a guy just rode by and said, "The British are coming." Good night, folks. (applause) (upbeat swing music) - Each week we present the Horatio Alger award. - I didn't know that. - To the person who has opened up new vistas in industry and science to help make America great. And, this week's winner is George W. Young, a man of great courage and vision. Good evening Mister Young. - Yes. - I'd certainly like to congratulate you on winning the Horatio Alger award. - Yes. - I see you're hard at work on a new project, are you? - Yes, my new venture, my railroad. - Oh, you bought a railroad. - No, I'm building a railroad. (laughs) - Building a railroad? - Yes. - Well, that hasn't been done for over 100 years. - Yes, that's true. Sir, I have a crew working from the west coast and one from the... - This is the east coast over here, Mister Young. - Yes, thank you young man. Tricky, these maps. (laughs) In any event, I have a crew working from this coast and one from that coast. - Yes. - They're slowly moving towards each other. Eventually, within a few short months they will meet in downtown Omaha, Nebraska. - I see. - From that moment forward, sir, with the driving of this golden spike you will be able to travel from New York to California in less than eight days. (laughs) - Just zip right across the country there, huh? - Yes indeed, sir. - Well, how's your project going along? - Fine, yes, 100%. - [Dan] Is that so? At this moment we have at least a half a mile of track laid already. - Oh really, a half a mile? Where is it, on the east coast or the west coast? - Yes. (laughs) All those places, well of course, it's not connected yet. - Oh, of course not. - We have one and half yard in New York City alone. We have five inches outside of Pittsburgh, 200 feet near Des Moines, Iowa, approximately 80 yards somewhere due west of Elko, Nevada. (laughs) Of course, you understand, the greatest difficulty has been the purchasing of the land. - The land. - Yes, a lot of the settlers won't sell. (laughs) - Well, I see you're pretty busy Mister Young so I'll just toddle along, thank you. - I wanna thank you for your help with the map. You're a fine young man, wanna be a switchman? - No, I'd sure like to drive that golden spike, though. - This one? - Yeah. - Sure you will, by all means. That's the 45th guy that wants to drive the golden spike. Are they kidding? I'm gonna drive the golden spike. Toot, toot. (cheerful music) (applause) - Well, that's about it for the Rowan and Martin report, tune in next week when Laugh In looks at the news past, present, and future. - And remember... I forgot, I don't know. (laughs) (applause) - For those of you in our radio audience Dan Rowan is the taller of the two. (laughs) - Hey you guys, how 'bout a game of mixed doubles? (laughs) - Don't look so glum, we're on television. - Hi there. (upbeat music) - Hash is better than turkey, by Henry Gibson. Hash is better than turkey because you don't have to run so far to catch it. In edition, it's a crusty old food stuff and provides an escape from traditional fowl. But, most of all, it is featherless. Cowboys like hash too because it gives them a reason to turn on the range. (laughs) (jaunty music) - Knish. (mellow music) - It's time for a station break. - No, actually what it is is it's time for a station break. - Yeah, okay. (crash) - Now for an interesting change of pace. And now friends, our thought for the day. Dip your pens in sunshine, and write to a shut-in. - The second half of tonight's program is brought to you by. (jaunty music) - Now, I know you fellas have had a rough time in the first half, but let's go out there and win this one for the Yom Kippur. (laughs) - And now folks it's Sock It To 'Em time. (laughs) (upbeat music) - It's later than it's ever been. (upbeat music) (jaunty music) - Last week we presented the sequel to the movie Guess Who's Coming To Dinner, one of the first films to depict an interracial marriage and we received numerous letters. - I guess so, they were piled up. - So, by popular request we're going to present a sequel to the sequel. It's 20 years after the couple married. (paper crinkles) - 20 years and your mother still treats me like dirt. When's our son Leroy coming home? - He should be here soon. He says he's got a surprise for us. - Surprise? - Hey mom, hey dad, hi. Hey, I want you to meet my fiance. - Fiance? (laughs) - What, not in this family. - Oh dad, that's my best man. - Oh, who's this? - This is her father. Look here, here's the girl I'm going to marry. - Well, there goes the neighborhood. (laughs) - A first edition is usually a rare book, here's a first edition with a rare sound and a rather unusual look. Another Laugh In extra folks, The First Edition. (applause) ("Just Dropped In" by The First Edition) Yeah, yeah, oh yeah What condition my condition was in I woke up this morning with the sundown shinin' in I found my mind in a brown paper bag within I tripped on a cloud and fell-a eight miles high I tore my mind on a jagged sky I just dropped in to see What condition my condition was in Yeah, yeah, oh yeah What condition my condition was in I pushed my soul in a deep dark hole And then I followed it in I watched myself crawlin' out As I was a-crawlin' in I got up so tight I couldn't unwind I saw so much I broke my mind I just dropped in to see what condition My condition was in ("Just Dropped In" by The First Edition) Yeah, yeah, oh yeah What condition my condition was in Someone painted "April Fool" In big black letters on a "Dead End" sign I had my foot on the gas As I left the road and blew out my mind Eight miles outta Memphis and I got no spare Eight miles straight up downtown somewhere I just dropped in to see What condition my condition was in I said I just dropped in to see What condition my condition was in Yeah, yeah, oh yeah (applause) - It's memory time now and we hope you've enjoyed it half as much as we've enjoyed bringing it to you. - [Man On PA] Train now leaving for west east ports, northwest port, and east north port, all aboard. - Say, isn't that Clapper's new book you're reading there? - Yes, it is. - What do you think of it? - Well, I think he overworks the gimmick of coincidence too much. The whole book is full of coincidences. Under a law of probability, it'd be impossible. (laughs) - Say, isn't that Clapper's new book you're reading? - Yes it is. - What do you think of it? - Well, actually I think he over does the gimmick of coincidences. There's just nothing but coincidences in the whole thing. Under the law of probability such coincidences would probably be impossible. - Exactly. (laughs) - [Man On PA] Call for Doctor Stotaflagicplentist. - [All Three] That's me. (laughs) - Early voting results coming in from Maine and Vermont point the way to a landslide victory for Republican Alfred Landon over Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Plans are already underway for the Landon victory dinner. - Don't, don't. - Why not? - You'll wake up the kids. - The pill stops inflation. (laughs) - Honey, don't feel bad about not knowing who I am. Nobody knows who I am or what I do. I'll level with you, I'm a secret agent. - Oh, you're with William Morris. (mellow music) And now folks, it's Sock It To 'Em time. (thuds) - That is not nice. (upbeat music) (laughs) (upbeat music) - Tonight, Mod, Mod World takes a look at food. - Hey, that sounds interesting. I'm kind of sorry I missed it. - Well, you haven't missed it, we haven't done it yet. We're just getting ready to talk about it. Now, I think everybody should start the day with a good breakfast. - I always have breakfast in bed. - Oh yeah really, a well balanced meal? - Well, not this morning, I spilled coffee on, y jammies as a matter of fact. (laughs) - Oh, so what'd you have for lunch. - I didn't have time. - Dinner? - Missed it completely. - Well, I can see that after the show tonight I'm gonna have to take you out and get you what you need. - Well, I'll drink to that. (laughs) - I think so, we'll have to start you off with some good proteins add some carbohydrates, see that you get proper nutrition. - Oh no, I want some food. - You know, I think the trouble with most people today they really don't know anything about food. Do you know, for instance, that carrots are good for your eyes? - That's poo poo and nonsense. - No, it's not. - Well, I happen to have had four carrots last night and tripped over a bunny. - Another wasted night at the Playboy Club. - No, it happened at my place. - Oh come on, you're not gonna tell me that you've got a bunny for a cook. - Of course not. - Well, I'm glad to hear that. - The bunny's my butler. (laughs) - Is she a gourmet? - I think so, I got her from Steve Lawrence. - This is a disaster. - Did you know the average American's 20 pounds overweight? That's true. Take Elizabeth Taylor. - I'd be glad to. - No, no. I mean, think about her, you know, as a public figure, as a public person she has to watch her figure. - Well, everyone else does, why shouldn't she? - No, no as a movie star she's very aware of her body. - No more than I am. (laughs) - No, but she's always dieting. There's crash diets, protein diets, liquid diets. - I had an uncle went on that drinking man's diet for six months. - Oh yeah, how'd it work out? - Great, he's about the happiest fat man you ever saw. (laughs) - It isn't just food that makes you fat. That's what a lot of people make that mistake. - Yeah. - It's lack of exercise that'll do it to. People don't exercise enough. You have to tighten up those muscles. - Yeah, listen, a friend of mine exercised steadily for six months, push ups, pull ups, and he walked five miles a day. - Oh, led a nice full life. - Yeah, no 27 years old, (blows raspberry) went just like that. (laughs) - I can't believe it. - Yeah, a truck hit him. (laughs) I think it was a health food truck. - A health food truck. With that in mind let us look further into the subject as Mod, Mod World takes a look at food. (upbeat music) - Good evening, I am Mildred Manning, founder of the Mildred Manning Institute for Weight Reduction. (laughs) Ladies and gentlemen I can't stress this point too much you must watch your weight. (laughs) Not only for health reasons, but simply as a matter of personal pride. Now, the Mildred Manning Institute has evolved three rules based on the psychological fact that eating is mental. Would you believe that some months back I myself had a serious weight problem? (laughs) I couldn't get into this dress. (laughs) I looked and felt poorly. Now, after three months of following the three simple rules of the Mildred Manning Institute I look and feel great, and wear pretty much what I want. (laughs) You too can look and feel just like I do. (laughs) Be sure and watch tomorrow night when we'll repeat the Mildred Manning Institute's three basic rules for dieting. Thank you. (applause) - Missus Fields, how long have you been following the Mildred Manning method of weight reduction? - Two weeks. - And, what did you weigh when you came to us? - 145 pounds. - Uh-Huh, what do you way now? - 106 pounds. - Well, that's wonderful. And, there's another testimonial to the Mildred Manning method of weight reduction. - Of course, having the triplets last Thursday helped. (laughs) (upbeat music) - [Woman on TV] One two, one two, 25, four. One two, isn't it fun? (gun fires) (shouts) (laughs) - And now, our look at the food and diet picture continues with a noted sociology expert, Doctor Farb. What in your opinion are the biggest problems facing the American family? - The two biggest problems that exist in the world today is a shortage of food, number one, and a over abundance from automobo-bols. - Too little food, too many cars. - That is the problem. - Is there anyway to solve these problems? - Yes. (laughs) - Well, would you tell us what your solutions are? - The solution is to invent a car people can eat. (laughs) (upbeat music) - And now, here are the Laugh In Lovelies with some musical news about flab. (jaunty music) Good-Bye met-ri-cal and cottage cheese Hallelujah Good-Bye low caloric recipies Hallelujah It's fashionable to be fat It's fashionable to be lardy You now can win laurels By winning a laurel By looking like Oliver Hardy. It's fashionable to be plump It's fashionable to be chubby The new look's the big look The new Porky Pig look Is changing each Tammy to Tubby Eat, eat, stretch your stomach And soon you'll be rolling in clover Eat, eat, bloat your body It's smart to look pregnant all over Jam it in your mouth Cram it in your face Ram it down your throat Eat yourself purple With lots of coconut macaroons To blow you up like big balloons. Grab anything you can munch on or lick Fresh foods or refrigables Will turn you into derigibles They'll have to roll you Down the street with a stick Singing hey na-ne na-ne, hey na-ne na-ne Rum cake and butter sauce Strawberry sundaes and cherries jubilee Hey na-ne na-ne, hey na-ne na-ne When you're asleep at night Try taking glucose intravenously 'Cause it's fashionable To be gross From your fat flabby feet to your hat Stop thinking in dollars Start thinking in pounds It's fashionable to be Last one to the refrigerator Is Audrey Hepburn It's fashionable to be Be the first one on your block to look like one It's fashionable What ever happened to Twiggy To be fat (laughs) (applause) - In the last couple of years we've been hearing a lot of criticism about smoking. - And, we think a good portion of it is unfair. - Darn right, so tonight the Laugh In presents a salute to smoking. Smoking is good for you No matter what they say Smoking is good for you So just ignore the AMA Stop and light up every chance you get What could be so hazardous about a little cigarette - I've been smoking since I was four. Who says it stunts your growth? - My uncle smoked seven packs a day and he felt great right up to the end. - I smoked and the doctor said I have the lungs of 12 year old. It was the first operation of it's kind. (laughs) Smoking is happiness It makes you smell so right Although it takes it's toll of any pigs and rats and mice Therefore heed those warning to our friends You can cure insomnia if you smoke a pack in bed - Certainly I saved a lot of money by rolling my own. How do you think I could afford this swell iron lung. - I can stop smoking anytime. I've already quit twice this week. (laughs) - Sure smoking's dangerous, but so is drunk driving. - Oh, of course I smoke, what do you want me to do, suck my thumb? (laughs) - You mean stained fingers, yellow teeth, I've earned the right to smoke. (laughs) - I can't stop, smoking's the only thing that'll calm my nerves. (laughs) - The doctor says I should quit, but that's just one man's opinion. (laughs) - You know, smoking usually doesn't get to you until you're around 50, so when I turn 49 I'm quitting. (laughs) (rain patters) (laughs) (coughs) (laughs) (shouts) Smoking is good for you It keeps your breath so clean Light up and fill your lungs With tons of tar and nicotine Grab a carton and rip the cover off Smoke the whole thing nevermind the cough You will all be happy if you do 'Cause smoking (cough) Is good (cough) For (cough) You (cough) (coughs) (applause) - Let's hear it for smoking. - Let's hear it for smoking. (coughs) (upbeat music) (thuds) (laughs) (funny music) - Well, it's time to say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - [Both] Good night, Dick. - Hey, next week we have a great line up for you... - Wonder if you'd mind if I said something my great-grandmother once said to me. - I'm afraid we're out of time. Next week our guests... - She was caught in the backseat of a Pierce Arrow with a live moose at the time. (laughs) - Oh, I'm happy you told us about that. I want you to be sure and tune in... - I thought perhaps what she said when she got out of the backseat would be of interest to the folks. - She had something to say when she got out of that backseat? - Almost immediately. (laughs) - What did she say? - Well, as my great grandmother got out of the backseat of the Pierce Arrow escaping from a live moose she said, (laughs) well, I better not tell you what she said. (laughs) - Say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night everybody, I hope you enjoyed yourself. (applause) - Knock, knock. - Who's there? - Abraham Lincoln. - Abraham Lincoln, who? - Tell me, don't you know me? (laughs) Three blind mice Three blind mice See how they run See how they run - Banging and crashing into everything. (laughs) - Hit the floor, Willy. - I finally found the perfect secretary, an anteater. - Anteaters can't type. - No, but she's great at licking envelopes. (laughs) - Knock, knock. - Who's there? - Corky theater. - Corky theater who? - Corky theater I thought (mumbles). - Get out of here. - Fritz' gone find Ray Charles. - Of all the fishes in the sea the one I like best is bass, it's climbs on all the rocks and trees and slides down on it's hands and knees. - Knock, knock. - Who's there? - Wasn't Abe. - Wasn't Abe, who? - Wasn't Abe Lincoln there a moment ago? - Does the name Alexander Graham ring a bell? - Very interesting. - Joe Lewis, how does that hit ya? - Octopus, how does that grab ya? - Do the name Ruby Begonia ring a bell? - Does the name Big Ben ring a bell? - Knock, knock. - Who's there? - Not brown. - Hey, let's all get behind President Johnson, and push. - Does the name McDonald ring a bell? - You know, I'm gonna have to stop this after a while if you don't tell me what your name is. (laughs) - Okay, honey my name is Robert Culp. - Robert Culp? Robert Culp! Oh, how fantastic. I Spy is one of my favorite television series. - Well, I hope so. - Oh, and there's an actor on it, he has the same name as you do. - Yes. Yeah, yes. I'm that actor honey. - You are? - Well, I think you better leave. You weren't invited to this party. (laughs) - Sheldon, one of us has failed. (upbeat music) (mellow music) - Very interesting. - The preceding was recorded earlier because the cast is having a big party right now. (laughs) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 