Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (1967–1973): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (playful music) - [Narrator] The following program is brought to you in living color, on NBC. - Well here we are again boys and girls, ready for another meeting of Uncle Freddy's Saturday morning fun club. - I happen to know that at this very minute, Lucille Ball is watching this show. (audience laughing) - And now, coming direct to you from the glamorous Candlelight Lounge, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 high atop the world famous Acne Diner in beautiful downtown Burbank, NBC presents Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In. Starring Dan Rowan and Dick Martin, with guest stars Pamela Austin, Judy Carne, Arte Johnson, and special guest Kay Ballard. With Eileen Brennan, Ruth Buzzi, Richard Dawson, Goldie Hawn, Larry Hovis, Henry Gibson, Roddy Maude-Roxby, yours truly Gary Owens, and Morgul as the Friendly Drelb. - Tonight's program is brought to you by the fun-filled gang crew at. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - And now, before proceeding with the entertainment portion of the show, here is the lovely Dan Rowan and the glamorous Dick Martin, to ask the musical question Funiculi Funicula. - Good evening ladies and gentlemen, welcome to another hour of madness that we like to call laughingly call Laugh-In. - Good evening ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to another hour of madness that we laughingly call Laugh-In. - I just said that. - I know, but it just had kind of a nice ring to it. - That's the reason I said it. Hey, pretty excited about tonight's show? - Well I guess so. You know how I get when I get to work with John Wayne. - He's not here. - He's late? - He's not late. - You mean, we're early? - Let's talk about who is here tonight, okay. - Jimmy Stewart. - Now why do you say Jimmy Stewart's here? - Well everybody has to be someplace. - Hey, you know who's here tonight? - Ah... - Gay Valor. - You're kidding. - Gay Valor, huh, you like her? - I guess so. - Oh she's, you know, what? We gotta be the luckiest two guys in television. - Why's that? - Well we have such nice people to work with, everybody gets along so well. - Gets along so well, wait'll I tell ya. I was over at Pam Austin's last night, you'd be surprised how well we got along. (audience laughing) - Not exactly what I meant. - Oh she's mad about me. - I kinda doubt that. - So does she. - Well why would you say that? - I don't know, it just had kind of a nice ring to it. - Hey tell us, now you weren't even with Pam Austin last night. Where were we? - Alright, I was at a topless restaurant. - Where? - In beautiful downtown Burbank. - I didn't even know they had one. - Neither did the cops. - What do you see in those places? - You want me to answer that? Or would you rather finish the show? - Well you can't say that? - I could if I was on The Smothers Brothers show. - Every network's entitled to one little mistake. - Ah, anything you'd like to add to this? - Nothing I could say out loud. - No, I guess we ought to get to the party. - We ought to get somewhere. - Yeah. - They're all invited to. - Why not? Let's go. (applauding) (upbeat funky music) - I say the Republicans stand a chance this year, but they'll probably spoil it by nominating someone. (upbeat funky music) - Heaven shines on show folk. Look at what happened to Billy Graham. (upbeat funky music) - Some nights I put out all the lights and play Robert Goulet records until I could just scream. (upbeat funky music) - It is said that the plum tree which groweth here, is rarer than the mist or wind which bloweth the mountain lion up hill. (upbeat funky music) - Oh, I was just shocked when Frank Sinatra split up with Mia, after she'd given him the best year of her life. (audience laughing) - Listen, I've spent a lot of time in London, I think it has a certain air about it. - Yes, we call it fog. (upbeat funky music) - Good girls are the happiest because they know they're good. Bad girls must find it awfully hard to sleep at night. (upbeat funky music) - I took a pill this morning. I hope it works twice as fast as aspirin alone. (upbeat funky music) - Now the Mormons had the right idea. Just a shame that polygamy never caught on among the married people of this country. (audience laughing) - Now you shouldn't make fun of polygamies. They can't help it if they're not tall. (upbeat funky music) - I say we should bring sex education into the classroom and away from the playing field. (upbeat funky music) - I'm all for modernizing our hymns, but I still think Amen is better than Scooby-Dooby-Doo. (upbeat funky music) - It's just that I feel that women were put on this earth to reproduce. And I'm not doing my part. (upbeat funky music) - Oh, well I finally find the man who's exactly right for me, I just hope his wife won't make a scene. (audience laughing) - There's one thing I don't quite understand about your political system, you know, and that is that it seems to me you take a lot of very good men and they say some very nasty things to each other, and then gradually you narrow it down 'til you've got two people insulting each other, and then you elect one of them president. - And you don't understand that? - Not entirely, no. - Hmm, neither do I. (upbeat funky music) - My mother just isn't with it. She thinks the valley of the dolls is where Santa Claus goes in the summer. - My daughter says now that the Supreme Court has outlawed prayers in school, the convent's just not the same. (upbeat funky music) (audience applauding) - [Man] Sock it to me, sock it to me... - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. (audience laughing) - Sock it to me? How would you like an arrow through the ear? - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. Sock it to me? - One defender? (thudding) (speaking in a foreign language) (whimsical music) (audience laughing) (imitating snoring) - There is some corner of a foreign field that is forever England. Whatever that means. - In this packet I have some English soil. I'm putting a little bit of this soil into the corner of every foreign field I can find. We'll get our empire back somehow. (audience laughing) (whimsical music) - And now, here is Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In news report of the past, present and future. (playful music) What to do about the nation We have got the information In a way, we hope will have new, new We just love to give you a view Ladies and gents, laugh it up to the news - [Girls] Here's Dan. (girls screaming) (audience applauding) - And now here with the news of the present, the man to whom the news wouldn't be the news without the news. Here's Dicky. (uplifting music) - Representatives of the National Rifle Association said today that anyone who would sell guns to minors and unstable people should be shot. (audience laughing) He said that. Okay. Business news. Today, Zippo lighters merged with the Camptown Racetrack, new corporation to be called Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah. (audience laughing) They're gettin' hostile. A major auto firm was forced today to recall 300,000 faulty automobiles. Management said they hadn't produced that many vehicles, therefore in order to meet their quota, they had to rush 100,000 new faulty cars into production. And now, take it away Goldie. - And now the news of the future, here's Dan Rowan, and the news 20 years from now, 1988. That's in the future, you know. (audience laughing) - State capital Alabama, 1988. Today, Governor Stokely Carmichael, stood in the doorway of Alabama University to welcome the first white student in 20 years. (audience laughing) - That's nice. - Item, Paris, 1988, Emperor Charles de Gaulle, said today, let America and France be friends again. I am ready to sign a mutual assistance treaty immediately. This statement followed the bulletin that the East German army has just crossed the French border and is advancing toward Paris. (audience laughing) - Now, as we trip merrily back through history, we take you to deepest Africa, many years ago. - That's in the future, you know. (audience laughing) (animals howling) - Dr. Livingstone, I presume. - No. (audience laughing) - Well, that's the Rowan and Martin report for tonight. - Hey, hold it Dick. You forgot the weather. - So did I. - Here's the weather. - It's sunny in New York, little cloudy in Chicago, and here in downtown Burbank, we just may get some slight showers. (thunder clapping) - That's not nice. - Hey, tune in next week when Laugh-In again looks at the news past, present and future. - And don't forget, send us a dime to cover the cost of handling and we'll send you the mayor of downtown beautiful Burbank. - Beautiful downtown Burbank. (triumphant music) (playful music) (audience laughing) - You know, this is absolutely amazing. This girl's been medically dead for over two hours, and still she continues to dance. What do you make of it doctor? - Obviously she has a body that just won't quit. (audience laughing) - Hey man, that's a wild smell. - That's me. I ain't lit this yet. (audience laughing) - We've got to stop meeting like this. I think Harold's getting suspicious. - You're right. - I have to go now dear, and get my uniform. - No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, you'll be killed. Don't go. - Don't be silly, who'd want to kill a mailman? - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. (cartoon-like whistling) - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. - Well, I've never been bald before. (audience laughing) - Sock it to me? - [Dan] Ladies and gentlemen, Miss Dinah Shore. (elegant music) (whimsical music) - [Man] Honey, where'd you put the soap? (crashing) oh, never mind, I found it. - Hello, I'm Rex Martin. - My name is Friar Tuck, and I've got a secret. I'm Walter Slezak. (audience laughing) I'm also Groucho Marx. - I'm Mary and I have a secret. (audience laughing) - [Jim] My name is Jim Garrison. And I've got a secret. - My name is Little John. - And I'm his secret. - Hey, what a groovy present. I always wanted a potholder. (audience laughing) - Diddle, diddle dumpling, my son John, couldn't go to bed, he was too turned on. Sandals off and headband on, diddle, diddle dumpling, he's real gone. (audience laughing) (whimsical music) - Well folks out there in television land, moving right along now, it's time for Laugh-In's new talent department. When we spotlight stars of today, tomorrow. (whimsical music) - With yesterday's band. - You keep making fun of the band, they won't play good. - It'll be an improvement. - Hey, I got a surprise for you tonight. - Well folks, once again the National Broadcasting Company is going to sock it to you. - Hold it, you've been parading these kooks out now for four weeks. I happen to have one of myself. - You've got one of yourself? - Did I say that? - Why not? Who've you got? - Well, I happen to have a dandy. Ladies and gentlemen, one of the world greats ornithologists. - You got a bird watcher? - We're a little safer saying ornithologist. - He's still a bird watcher. - You bet your sweet ornithologist he is. (audience laughing) - What does he do? - He does bird calls. - Oh come on, these guys are phonies. They put something in their mouth, they don't really do bird calls. - Not this one, this is onalegiminate. - Legitimate? - Yes, ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Richard Dawson. (audience applauding) - Ah, buon giorno, buon giorno. Thank you. I would like to reiterate what Mr. um, the tall fellow said. And that is I have what is known as a natural throat. Yes. Just a gift of nature, you might say. I do not use any artificial appliance in my mouth at all to get these uncanny sounds. So if I may, a few of the lesser known bird calls. Excuse me. (coughing) (audience laughing) For this one, I will attempt to do, (mumbling) (imitating bird tweeting) Ta dah! (audience laughing) Last, but certainly not least, I (whistling) I shall attempt to do something that, to my knowledge (whistling) bless me, to my knowledge, has (whistling) never actually been attempted in prime time before. Absolute silence please. (whistling) (audience laughing) (gulping) (coughing) (audience laughing) (coughing) - Well, there he goes. (audience applauding) - Say hello to Tiny Tim. (whimsical music) Well, I think I'll go take a walk and clear my head out. - Hey, hey, hold, wait a minute, you're not going anywhere. I got another one. - You got another goody? - A protest singer. - A real protest singer? - A real protest singer, boys. Bet your sweet zonkies. - Woah. I can hardly wait to see who she's mad at. - You don't have to be mad at anybody to be a protest singer. - Well it helps. - Hey, you're gonna love her. - I'd love anybody after those two cuckoos we just saw. - I think we ought to put her on now, she's come a long way to be here tonight. - All the way from Amsterdam, Holland. - No, no, not quite. But all the way from a demonstration in beautiful downtown Burbank. - What's her name. - Buffy Sainte Garfunkel. (audience applauding) - Well, let's hear it for Buffy Sainte Garfin. - Funkel. This is my song and I'm going to sing it I'm from the rebellious younger generation I didn't ask to be born into this world But here I am Nobody loves me 'cause I got pimples I hate the Empire State building 'Cause it's so tall I hate Paris, France and Charles de Gaulle I hate organized labor, I hate organized religion Amen I hate anything that's organized I hate injustice I hate the United States Senate Ann-Margret and Rutherford B. Hayes I hate without regard to race, creed, color or religion Amen This is my song and I'm going to sing it I hate Smokey the Bear, he's a pyromaniac I don't want my boyfriend to be seen anywhere In this world, including Waukegan, Illinois I don't want him here Nobody loves me 'cause I got pimples Why wasn't Joan Baez named Miss America Joan Baez, Baez, Baez, Baez, Baez Amen They hate us 'cause we know how to do the skate And the boogaloo I like sit ins and sleep ins I hate walk outs and wait ins How come they can put an astronaut out in space But they can't invent something to clear up pimples Sing a protest song Sing a protest song Nothing could be finer than to be in Carolina Sing a protest song Sing a protest song California here I come With my protest song With my pimples (audience applauding) - Well that's our new talent for tonight folks, I hope you'll tune in next week when the fickle finger of fate points at more stars of tomorrow. - Do you want to try that again? - I said when the fickle finger of fate points at more stars of tomorrow. Why, how would you say it? - I wouldn't. - Maybe you'd prefer the fickle finger of fate, fame and fortune flies afar for frequent flicks, flamboyant flaps and fickle fingers. - Now, cut that out. (audience applauding) - We'll return to Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In right after this important word. - Lollipop. (audience laughing) - I'll drink to that. (speaking in a foreign language) (laughing) - So remember folks, you're in good hands with (crashing) - Moving right along. (audience applauding) - Billy, we've got to stop meeting like this, Harold's getting suspicious. (audience laughing) (whimsical music) (audience laughing) - Hey, there's been quite a bit of unrest up in Berkeley, so we sent Dick Martin up there to see what's wrong with the student body. Take it away, Dick. - Well this is Dick Martin, and ah, I'm talking to the student body and from what I can see there's nothing wrong with her. (audience laughing) Born free My uncle was a doctor. (audience laughing) (whimsical music) - Did you hear about the two little fleas at the bottom of the hill? - No, tell me, please do. - One little flea said to the other little flea, well, what do you want to do? Walk or take a dog? - Did you hear about the guy who crossed an electric eel with a jellyfish? - No, what did he get? - Current jelly. - You hear about the farmer who crossed a potato with a sponge? - No, what did he get? - I don't know, but it sure soaks up a lot of gravy. - Did you hear about the chap who crossed a cow with a giraffe? - No, what did he get? - I don't know what you call it, but you can milk it standing up. (audience laughing) (speaking in a foreign language) - No I didn't. (speaking in a foreign language) - He'll make a pass at anything in a skirt. - Yeah, last night the Scotsman nearly killed him. (audience laughing) - Hey Dan. - Hmm. - What has four paws covered with fur and goes meow? - A cat. - Oh, you heard it. (audience laughing) - The second half of Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In is brought to you by. (playful music) - What has four legs, is soft and furry and goes ruff ruff? - A dog. - Well if you've heard them all, forget it. (audience laughing) - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. (crashing) (laughing) - What's so funny? (speaking in a foreign language) (booming) - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. - They are definitely strange. - Was that Peter Lawford? No. - When I'm not wearing my hat, I write with it. (animals howling) - Dr. Livingstone. - Stanley, we can't go on meeting like this. (audience laughing) (gunshot booming) (audience laughing) (bell ringing) - [Man] You weigh 154 pounds. And your dream is to be an interior decorator. (audience laughing) (gentle music) You do something to me Please. (audience laughing) (whimsical music) Gloomp. (audience laughing) - Tonight, Mod, Mod World takes a look at glamour. (upbeat music) Tonight we take a look at the mod mod world of fashion and glamour. - We do? - Yep, this is the figure in the world of fashion, you've probably gathered by now that this year the bosoms are out. - I'll drink to that. (audience laughing) - No, no, that, that doesn't mean they're out. - You got something going I don't know about? - It simply means that they are not being featured this year. You see, this is a trend that started with Twiggy. - I know her, the runt of the litter. (audience laughing) - She happens to be a very nice young English girl who's figure caught on. - To what? (audience laughing) - It didn't catch on to anything, it became very popular in Europe. - What, they run out of ironing boards? - Apparently you don't like Twiggy. - Well, she's just not my bag. - And there's another new trend, miniskirts are being replaced by maxi slacks. - Hey I know him. - Who? - Well, Maxi Slacks, I remember when he fought Firpo. - No, no. And of course men are now wearing beads. - What, Firpo wore beads? - No, no, no, no. Men are wearing peace beads. It's a symbol that they're in favor of peace. - Not in my old neighborhood they didn't. Earrings maybe, never beads. - Alright, hold it. Now then fashion changed a great deal over the years. Now for instance, in your mother's day, a woman didn't dare even show her ankle. - Well I should certainly hope not. - She wouldn't even wear a short sleeved dress because everything was covered up. - Nah, that's not my bag. - From head to toe, all you could see was her face. - Mm, that's terrible. - What's so terrible about that? - Well, it's like going out with a mystery guest. - Well now, actually I suppose one might say that fashion began in the Garden of Eden, right? - I suppose one might say that. - And the first clothing were fig leaves. Now Adam wore one, and Eve wore three. - Must have been a gas on a windy day. (laughing) - Games today in fashion are Bonnie and Clyde. - She wears three leaves, he wears one. - Now come on, this is a serious subject. The Bonnie and Clyde look is really the look of the '30s. What it's called is being suggestive, without being revealing. - That's what my mother used to say. - Your mother used to say what? - A place for everything, and everything in its place. (audience laughing) - Oh I suppose that's another way to it. You know the next trend? - What, three leaves for him, and none for her. - No, no, no, no. The next trend's cellophane dresses. - Ah ha ha, now that's my baggie. (laughing) - Sort of a play on words there, yes. You, you know, you'd go out with a girl in a cellophane dress? - Not on your life. - Well I'm glad to hear that. - We'd stay in. - Come on. What would you see in a cellophane dress? - You want me to answer that or would you rather finish the show? - [Dan] No, no. - Well we could if we were on The Smothers Brothers show. - Now just a, just suppose that cellophane dresses are all the rage. You go see your girlfriend, she opens the door, she's stand there in a cellophane dress. - Right. - Now where you gonna take her? - To the nearest bright light. - Oh, come on, seriously. (screaming) Alright, out for the evening, where can you take her? - I can take her to see my mother's ankle. (audience laughing) - With that in mind, Mod, Mod World takes a look at fashion glamour. (funky music) - You know, no woman in the history of the world has had the opportunity to be glamorous under more favorable circumstances than the American housewife. - Through the miracle of inexpensive cosmetics, lotions and hairdryers, she faces her every waking moment secure in the knowledge she truly walks in beauty. - And never more so than when the wife ends up the day and walks into the arms of her beloved husband. (audience laughing) - You coming darling? - I'll be right there dear. (funky music) (audience laughing) We've got to stop meeting like this, I think Harold's getting suspicious. - But I am Harold, darling. (audience laughing) (funky music) - Here's a treat for those of you fashion minded viewers. One of the leading couturiers, Mr. Mike Michael. Will you give us just a hint of next year's styles, Mike? - In '69, I see lots of decolletage, lower, lower, lower. And hem lines are gonna be higher and higher and higher, and ooze of lace trim with, with flowers and lots of flowers and oodles of flowers and flounces. And beads, lots of beads, beads, beads. - Oh what a treat it's gonna be for the ladies. - Ladies? No, my fashion is for men. (audience laughing) (funky music) - Well it's very nice of you to take time out to let us interview you, Dr. Scoff. - Well, with me it's work, work, work. As a psychologist, I run about 30 cuckoos through this office every day. (audience laughing) - Yes, does the American pursuit of glamour affect many of your patients? - All of them, that's all they ever think about. - If I were to come to you with the same problem, how would you treat me? - Well, first I'd cancel your Playboy subscription. You know all you men think that Hugh Hefner has what he wants and he's happy, and that's why you read that magazine. Thinking that if you read that magazine you'll get what you want. But the trouble is, Mr. Hefner, not only has what he wants, he's got what you want and he ain't sharing it, so forget it. - Well, what's the answer? - Know thyself. Like me, dates and parties, that's not for me. For me it's cuckoos, 30 a day, 210 cuckoos a week, rain or shine. None of that phony jazz for me. I know myself. I'm Dr. Jane Scoff, plain Jane Scoff. The old maid doctor who listens to the cuckoos. (audience laughing) I'm no glamour girl, I know this, and it just doesn't seem to bother me. (sobbing) - Doctor, doctor, what is it doctor? Doctor? - What's wrong with me anyhow? Look at these teeth. $8,000, wholesale. Look at this suit, look at it. It's a Rudi Gernreich. And he didn't want to sell it, he didn't. He designed it for himself. (audience laughing) I spent every cent I make to look like this. Don't you want to kiss me? Don't you want to hug me? Don't you want to take me for granted? Please? - But I'm a married man. - That's what they all say. Imagine 30 cuckoos a day, 210 cuckoos a week, that's 10,000 cuckoos a year. I can't stand it. - Wait. - I can't stand it. (glass crashing) (audience laughing) - Maybe I should have kissed her. She wasn't so bad. Maybe if her nose was a little shorter, her legs a little longer, if she had... - Yes, yes, nose a little shorter, legs longer, I'll get them fixed. Anything, anything. I'll beg, borrow, steal. Give me a chance. (audience laughing) (funky music) (audience laughing) I'm glamorous I'm glamorous I looked at myself and I'm glamorous A guy at the laundromat gave me a thrill And now I'm a regular Princess Lee Ratherwell - Do you see it? - I do. - Where, where? - Well, ah... - No, no, the feet. Oh I'm divine I'm really chic I may do a layout for Vogue next week Or was it Good Housekeeping? - Ramparts. - That was it. If I'm in a Rose or a Volkswagon bus I am glamorous (playful music) I am beautiful, I am beautiful Believe it or not, I am beautiful This guy on the bus wants to see me again Tell, tell, tell. I guess I remind him of Sophia Loren - Huh? - Why haven't I seen it? - Yeah, you see it? - Here up, it's a carbon copy. - I knew it. I'm on the town from dusk 'til dawn I'll model for Pucci and sell Lauren They'll drape me with satin and sequins and tulle 'Cause I'm - Lucy, have I ever lied to you? - No, what? - Sequins, cheapy, cheapy, cheapy, cheapy. - Oh, oh, off with the sequins. - Oh yes. - Yes, what shall I use? - Now I think you should stick to satin, tulle, once in a while file... - Tulle. 'Cause I'm beautiful - Oh, can't you see them back there? The lessons were a total loss. We're glamorous, beautiful femme fatales We used to be nine to five working girls Got hit with some arrows And aimed them at us And we're charming Witty, sexy, pretty Rhombus and urban, feathers and fuss 'Cause we're really Glamorous (audience applauding) - And now it's time for the Laugh-In classified ads. Network television's only opportunity for the little man or woman to have an opportunity to broadcast his or her message all over America. (audience laughing) - Hmm, good night! The heart rending plea of an unhappy woman. - Personal. Harry come home. It's all over between Fred and me. Please Harry, come home, it's all over, I tell you, come home, Harry, but call first. (audience laughing) - Wanted, a topless waitress and fry cook. Incidentally, these jobs are separate. (audience laughing) - And that's our classified ads for tonight. (cartoon-like whistling) - Got to be quick. (audience laughing) - What are you doing? - Doctor's orders. - What do you mean, doctor's orders? - Well, he told me take my medicine for one week running and then skip a week. You guys are funnier than Laurel and Hardy. (laughing) - You don't have to be happy to be gay. (audience laughing) - Ah, ladies and gentlemen, once again, a Laugh-In extra. - An extra what? - That's right. Ladies and gentlemen, our own Piotr Rosmenko. (audience applauding) - It's good to see you. - Yes, it's nice to see you again. You going to sing us a folk song. - Well it's extra what you said it's to be. I have a special surprised to you. I have for too many years worked with a grouped in other place and helped for them to escaping. - Oh, it's somebody you helped escape? - I helped for them to escaping and to bringing for you right away. - Wonderful. - So I decide I would do this for you. - Thank you. - You like me for it. Any, the ladies. (audience laughing) Ladies and gentlemen, it's a great privilege for me to introduced Holyecki Sisters. (playful music) - [Girls] Hey! (dramatic music) (humming) (singing in a foreign language) (audience laughing) (audience applauding) - Well, shall we, shall we join the ladies? - Yes, let's join the ladies. I say, let's join all the ladies together and make one enormous lady. - Oh, splendid idea. - I think I'll have a very cold dry martini on the rocks to start, and then you can begin with a coquilles St.-Jacques I'll have the coq au vin with petit pois, ah hearts of palm, vinaigrette dressing, cherries Jubilee, and a Napoleon brandy and coffee. - One number three, Herman. (audience laughing) (whimsical music) (audience laughing) - We take you now to the lovely Starlight Room, high above the friendly car wash in downtown Burbank. (audience laughing) (coughing) - Good evening. - Yes. I'd like a small table for two please. - There you go. (audience laughing) - Later that same day. (thudding) (cartoon-like boing) - Excuse me sir, will that be for cocktails or dinner? (audience laughing) - Meanwhile, back at the restaurant. (whistling) - Good evening sir. Would you prefer a booth? - That is the worst joke I've ever heard. - Will the gentleman who was making the obscene telephone calls to Miss Gladys Ormphby at KL5 1377 please, please stop. My number has been changed to KL5 4288. I'm gonna love you like nobody's loved you Come rain or come shine (whimsical music) - I've cornered the market on Walnettos. (audience laughing) - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. (audience laughing) (speaking in a foreign language) - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me. - I'm not at all surprised. - Oh man, I wish I had a beard. - Hey man, use mine. - Oh, groovy. - Patty cake, patty cake, bakers man, bake me a friend. (audience laughing) Romance on the high seas Romance on the high seas (audience laughing) (splashing) (playful music) - Tonight the Rowan and Martin Laugh-In is going to sluice someone who's perhaps the most maligned person in history, the mother in law. (upbeat music) Let us state, if we might, just a word or two tonight About our darling mother in law Her constant resentment is endearing So who minds a little interfering As the years go along, who will tell you when you're wrong Without your darling mother in law The troubles she'll give to you Invite her to live with you She'll point out your every flaw You're a king at work, at home a jerk To your darling mother in law - The mother in law. A woman who has always had to bear the abuse of others. A woman, who through all her life has heard cruel remarks. Just listen to some of the terrible jokes that have been made about this grand old lady. - My mother in law's very broad minded. She approaches every subject with an open mouth. - My mother in law is so ugly that a peeping tom reached in her window and pulled down her window shade. - My mother in law is a kind of woman who could have been a good top sergeant if she weren't so mean. (audience laughing) - A mother in law who is a woman who, if you had to do it all over again, you'd do it all over again. - All a mother in law really wants is someone to look out for her. So next time you see her coming, look out! - If all the mothers in law in the world were laid out end to end there's not a jury that would convict you. (audience laughing) - Keep your mother in law around the house, remember, most accidents happen at home. - I didn't talk to my mother in law once for six months, I didn't want to interrupt her. (audience laughing) - Mean, rotten, cruel, and those are some of her nice qualities. (audience laughing) - Things have been said like, take my mother in law, please. - Your mothers in law deserve a right to be heard, so tonight, here is the Laugh-In mother in law of the year. - Hold it, hold it, hold it. I'm a mother in law and proud of it. And as a mother in law, I've taught my daughter's kids to love and respect what's-his-name. Just this morning we were having a friendly little chat. Of course I did tell him about my baby's last boyfriend, the millionaire, the one she could have married. (audience laughing) I told him the truth. I told him that he was tall, handsome, rich and yet there was something about him I liked. When that kid of mine makes a mistake, she makes a lulu! (audience laughing) To think that she could have married mister gorgeous, rich, and she picked mister bum. Mister bum. A bum who's turning my baby girl into an old lady before she's 30. Alright, she's 39. Kill me, shoot me, shoot me. (audience laughing) I don't care kids. I don't care what humiliation that man heaps on me, what insults he throws at me. I will stick in that house, at least until the divorce comes through. (audience laughing) Who will sweep out your house When you're napping with your spouse While it's your darling mother in law She's quite indestructible But never deductible Equipped with a fang and a claw For seven bits, who babysits That's our darling mother in Darling mother in Darling mother in law (audience applauding) - On the eve of the presidential election, Mrs. Thomas E. Dewey, wife of the republican candidate, has announced her plans for redecorating the White House. (whimsical music) (audience laughing) (siren ringing) - Did you see him, did you see him? A crazy man just escaped from the asylum, did you see him? - No, no, no. What did he look like? - Well, he's six foot three, he weighs 14 pounds. - Six foot three, 14 pounds, that's impossible. - I told you he was crazy. (audience laughing) - Lucky, what happened? (audience laughing) (sad trombone) - Well, it's time to say good night Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Is there any chance of bringing back The Man from U.N.C.L.E.? - And don't forget to tune in next week, we have a show next week that I'm... - Yeah I wondered if you'd mind something, if I told you something my aunt said to me about a year ago. - Sounds enchanting but we don't have time. Next week, our guests... - She was in the lifeboat of a ocean liner with an able seaman. - Yes. Well we do have a wonderful line up for you next week. - I thought perhaps what she said when she came out of the lifeboat would be of interest to the folks at home. - Um, maybe you'd better, you tell me first, we're getting a few letters as it is. What, what is it? - Alright. - You can't say that. - I could if we were on The Smothers Brothers show. - Say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night everybody, hope you had a good time. (audience applauding) (funky music) - I had a little nut tree, nothing would it bear, I talked to it nicely, but it didn't care. The farmers in the district think that I'm insane for standing 'neath my nut tree naked in the rain. (audience laughing) - Cuckoo, cuckoo. - Knock knock. - Who's there? - Linden. - Linden who? London Bridge is falling down - How long have you been in show business? - Oh about six foot three. (audience laughing) - Pittsburgh is missing. Somewhere in Pennsylvania. (audience laughing) - Where were you born? - New Jersey. - What part? - All of me. (audience laughing) - The doctor gave me an anesthetic I couldn't afford, oh nuts. (audience laughing) - She's so dumb, she thinks Yale is a Swedish prison. (speaking in a foreign language) - What has nine yellow noses and catches flies? - Japanese baseball team. - Would you still love me if I had a split personality? I mean, would you love us both? (audience laughing) - Knock knock. - Shut up. - Shut up who? - Just shut up or I give you a knock knock (speaking in a foreign language) - Jack be nimble, Jack be quick, oh please stand still, you're making me sick. - A red sky in the morning is the sailor's warning. A red sky at night looks the same as a red sky in the morning. (audience laughing) - Hey, hey, if you cross a rooster with a rooster what do you get? - A very cross rooster. - There was a young man with a duck? - Who patiently taught it to cluck. - When he squeezed the duck's head. - The duck often said. (speaking in a foreign language) (knocking) - I gave it the office. (audience laughing) (playful music) (water rushing) (doorbell ringing) - Avon calling. - Preceding was recorded earlier so Arte Johnson could visit his brother in Pacoima. - Very interesting. But I still love Lucy. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 