Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In 
 s1e8 - Barbara Feldon, Sonny Bono, Cher, Pat Morita, Paul Winchell, Anissa Jones, Jerry Lewis, Dinah Shore, John Wayne - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (1967–1973): Season 1, Episode 8 - Barbara Feldon, Sonny Bono, Cher, Pat Morita, Paul Winchell, Anissa Jones, Jerry Lewis, Dinah Shore, John Wayne - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (trilling music) - [Voiceover] The following program is brought to you in living color on NBC. - Look, up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane, no, it's, it's... - It's hard to believe this could happen in America. - Once more, tonight, NBC is going to sock it to you. (speaking foreign language) - That's the most beautiful thing I ever heard. - And now, direct from the Egyptian delicatessen here in beautiful downtown Burbank, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 NBC presents Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In. (audience applauding) Starring Dan Rowan and Dick Martin, with guest starts Barbara Feldon, with Julie Carne, Arte Johnson, and special guest star Sonny, and Eileen Brennan, Ruth Buzzi, Goldie Hawn, Larry Hovis, Henry Gibson, Pat Morita, Rod Maude-Roxby, Paul Winchell, yours truly, Gary Owens, and Morgul as the friendly drow. - Tonight's program is brought to you by all the very mad people from at... - And now, continuing with our silent movie, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 here are the thrilling voices of Dan Rowan and the dreaded Dick Martin. (audience applauding) - Hi there. - Say, I missed seeing you around today. - Oh, I was sticking pretty close to the phone. - Oh. Expecting an important phone call, huh? - Well I guess a call from Kirk Douglas could be considered important. - Kirk Douglas called you? - Yeah, well, you might say he called me. - No kidding, what'd he say? - Well, you might say he didn't call me too. Fancy that. - I should've known better. Why would Kirk Douglas be calling you? - Just to tell me what time he's gonna be here, that's all. - Now you're not gonna get Kirk Douglas on the show talking like that. - Worked with John Wayne, didn't it? (laughs) - In the first place, what makes you think that Kirk Douglas would ever consent to come on this show? - A little voice told me so. - What do you mean a little voice told you so? - Fortune teller. - A gypsy? - Well, not an ordinary gypsy. - What ordinary gypsy? What? - Gypsy Rose Lee, that's who. - The stripper? - She doesn't do that anymore. - Well, that's how she got famous, was taking her clothes off in a theater. - Well she gave it up. - How do you know? - Because, last night I took her to the theater and she didn't make a move. - Now I'll tell you who is here tonight. - Sally Field. - The flying nun? No, not tonight. She was on last week. - Oh. I'm glad she's not here tonight. - Why do you say that? - Well, I was getting kind of fond of her, and I'm kind of against mixed marriages. - You and a flying nun, that would be a mixed marriage all right. - Well sure, she's on ABC and I'm on NBC. - Oh, that to you is a mixed marriage. - Well, I don't want you to get me wrong, it's just nothing I have... My best friends are from ABC, it doesn't matter, I just wouldn't want to marry one, you know? - That's the dumbest thing I ever heard. - Yeah, you haven't lived with them boys. - What do you mean I haven't lived with them boys? - When I was a kid, someone from ABC moved on our block. - So? - Well, the first thing you know... - The block was full. - No, the block was canceled. - Hey, Barbara Feldon's hear tonight. - I love Barbara Feldon. - And Sonny's here tonight. - I love Sonny. - And he didn't bring Cher. - Yeah, his sister mentioned that. No, it was her sister that mentioned it. - Cher has a sister? - Oh, I guess so, they're twins. - Identical? - Cher and Cher alike. I slipped that one through, didn't I? - You're putting me on. - I think it's time we all went to a party. (audience applauding) (funky music) - I only switched to bananas because I couldn't keep my cantaloupe lit. - I'm really worried about the world situation. We've been teetering on the brink of peace for years. - Back home in Texas, we like to think old Lindon's gonna win by a landslide. We also like to think cigarettes are good for you. - You know that when Sigmund Freud discovered the sex drive, General Motors tried to buy it? - If the fisherman tickleth the rainbow trout, what then of the handmaiden? - I don't know much about politics, but I'd vote yes on any proposition. - I've never coveted my neighbor's wife. But then again, neither has my neighbor. - Ladybird says she'll beautify America even if she has to move heaven and Eartha. - If there'd been a union in those days, there'd be no bible today. The guild would never have allowed Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John to work on Sundays. - Oh I know exactly what you mean. The price of living's going up so high, I can hardly afford to buy my groceries. Maybe I ought to rent them. - Yes, in international affairs, our president and your queen are inseparably linked. - Really, how long has this been going on? - Man, I'm an Aquarius. You know, the sign of the water carrier? My horoscope says I'd never let myself go. Now that can be a problem. - I've got an idea. Let's get out of Vietnam and not tell Martha Raye. - Why, there ain't a Republican around can beat a Texas boy like Lindon. Unfortunately, there are a few Democrats. - Oh, I could never be a racist. I'm allergic to horses. - As the maharishi says, when crossing one's legs to meditate, it is best to be seated. - My Harry worships the ground I walk on. He has this thing about top soil. - Say when. - How about right after the party? - I don't know what all the fuss is about. The wives of Henry VIII went topless. - The lord loveth the cheerful giver, but he'll also take from a grouch. - I'm glad they didn't have the pill in my mother's day. Where would I be? - Why don't you Americans recognize the red Chinese? - Because to us, all Chinese look alike. - Very interesting. - I know four hippies who died from drinking milk. - Really? - Yeah, cow fell on them. (audience applauding) - British are coming, the British are coming! - Good, I'll take two. - [Multiple Voices] Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me... - And now, folks, it's sock it to me time. - Socketh it unto me, socketh it unto me, socketh it unto me, socketh it unto me. - I wish they'd sock it to me. (laughing) - Step right up and test your strength, right here, right this way. Hi there, sir. - Yes. - You like to try to test your strength? - Yeah. - Go ahead, find out if you're a sissy or a he-man. Give it a go. There you go. (yells) (piano playing) Oh how we danced on the night we were wed - How did you do it? Well I... Huh? - We are the strongest country in Europe today. - We are strongest country in Asia today. - Wonder how the winners are doing. - Well folks out there in television land, moving right along now, we spotlight stars of tomorrow today. - Yes, it's Laugh-In's new talent time. - That's what it is. (fanfare plays) - Oh, that band makes your hair hurt. - Come on. Why don't you... You're always kidding the band about the way they play. - Who's kidding? - Come on. Folks, as you know, tonight our special guest star is Sonny Bono. - He didn't bring Cher? - Nope, tonight Sonny's appearing for the first time without Cher. Laugh-In has arranged for Sonny to work with a new partner, and here they are now, Sonny and seal. (audience applauding) (drum rolling) (drum rolling) (horns honking) (imitating a seal) (drum rolling) - I hate to tell you this, Sonny, but you are nothing without me. (audience applauding) - Sonny and seal? - You oughta hear their records. - I gotta say, one thing they are, different. - Oh, and here's something else that's different too. - You got another goodie? - Oh have I ever. From our 50th state, let's meet and greet the Mokalu family with their Polynesian review. (audience applauding) Aloha. - Hello. That is Hawaiian for Aloha. (laughs) - I wonder if you'd tell us about this great act. - Certainly. My family will perform, and I will explain the meaning of the many gestures of the beautiful and dangerous hula as performed by the lovely Lulu Wani. - Lulu Wani. (audience applauding) - Lulu Wani. (singing indistinctly) The Volcano sings, and I listen. I love the song of lava. In the lagoon below are the streetcar that matter, the pineapple calls to the shark. The pineapple eats the shark. The shark eats the pineapple. Which one is it? The shark and the pineapple eat the volcano Oh, Cleveland is very pretty. The shark and the pineapple eat Cleveland. Now they're filled with regret. Aloha, shark. Aloha, pineapple. And Aloha, Cleveland. (audience applauding) You know there are 20 million stories in Hawaii, this has been one of them. (audience applauding) - You came up with a winner there. - Oh, we got lots of winners. Looking for them high and low. - Yeah, I got one. - Oh really? - Yeah. - Yeah, what is it? - I forgot. (laughing) - Well here's one you'll never forget, the ventriloquial artistry of Lucky Pierre. (audience applauding) - Bonjour madame, bonjour madame, bonjour monsiour, say hello. - Hello, hello, hello, ladies and gentlemen. - Yes, of course. I am Lucky Pierre, and this is Pinkass. We are ventriloquist and dummy. - Oh come on now, he's the dummy. - Stop that. Now we're going to do some ventriloquism for you. Hey, why don't you comb your hair? - I don't have a comb. - Why don't you use your father's comb? - He don't have no hair. (laughs) Now, I want you to do this ventriloquistly, what's this I say, Peter Piper ticked a tick of tickle tellers. Now you try that, please. - Peter Piper picked... - No no no no, you're moving the lips. You must do it without the lips. Watch closely, Peter Piper ticked a tick of tickle tetter. Now you try that. - Peter Piper... - No no, you keep moving the lips. Watch me now. You go like this. Peter, watch this closely. - Peter Piper ticked... - Now make it up now. - Peter Piper ticked... - No no, not like that. You have to, here, nevermind. We're going to do a song. Now we will do a song for you, and here's the way we go. Sweet Adeline My Adeline Very good. My Adeline My Adeline You're a flower On my heart Adeline My Adeline (audience applauding) - Well, I think that just about finishes our new talent for tonight. - That's about the best bunch we've had yet. - I agree. Any one of these young people may be the stars of tomorrow. - Maybe even later tonight. - Well all you folks at home, I hope you enjoyed our new talent, and if you have any new talent of your own, just write us a letter... - And we'll send them to your house, maybe later today. - And now, here's the latest news from Tanganuki. Let me spell that for you, it's N-E-W-S. - Ladies and gentlemen, we're certainly honored to have with us tonight the world champion Hungarian goat caller. Would you give us a demonstration of your Hungarian goat calling prowess? (clears throat) - Hey you Hungarian goats, I'm calling you! (chanting) - Ugh, tum tum. - Ugh, dick dick. - Ugh, hurry hurry. - That's so-so. - Now here's a little lady who could charm the birds right out of the trees. (piano playing) I hear singing and there's no one there (cuckoo clock chiming) Oh, you - There's an oldie, but a goodie. - Take a chance, how about you, sir? How about testing your strength? Huh? Find out whether you're a sissy or a he-man. Now all you do is you take that hammer and place it on there just as hard as you can, and give it a go. - The British are coming, the British are coming! - I don't care. - Well, as long as you're up, could I interest you in some Revereware? - Hey, Judy, come on out, it's sock it to me time. Oh well. - Gimme socky, gimme socky, gimme socky, gimme socky. Not me, her, you round-eye idiot. - I dreamed I faced a firing squad in my Maidenform bra. - There are good Germans and there are bad Germans. - Not for us. To us, all Germans look alike. - And now ladies and gentlemen in our viewing audience, it's time once again for the Laugh-In Report, when Dick and Dan look at the news, past, present, and future. (marching band playing) What's the news across the nation We have got the information In a way we hope will help you We just love To give you our views Na na na na Ladies and gents Laugh-In looks at the news (audience applauding) (girls squealing) - Yes, and now here's the man to whom the news wouldn't be the news without the news, here's Dicky. (audience applauding) - Ah ha, I beat you. May the good fairy find a warm cockle in the cockles of your heart. And now, here's the news of the day. In keeping with the trend of actors in politics, President Johnson today announced the appointment of Elizabeth Taylor as Commissioner of Wild Life. I must say, I agree with him. In keeping with the New York police chief's new ruling against brutality by uniformed policeman, he transferred six of his men to the plain clothes division. That ought to take care of some. Salvador Dali, world famous surrealist painter, witnessed a bank hold up this morning and volunteered to sketch his impressions of the thief. Three hours later, the police arrested two pocket watches, a ladder, and a crutch. - And now with the news of the future 20 years from now. Let's see, that would be 1968, 1970, 1971, 1972... - That's 1988, Goldie. - That's 1988, Goldie. Now, here's Dan. (audience applauding) - Washington, 1988. Concerns over the fact that computers are replacing humans grew so intense in Washington that the President of the United States had to be unplugged so that it could cool off. Item 1988. An effort to correct the image of history was made when the remaining American Indians were asked if they had any grievances. Both said no. Item 1988, with the lowering of the legal age to drink, drive, marry, vote, carry a gun, and be drafted, 14 year old war hero Freckles McGuire was shot in front of a polling booth by his 12-year-old ex-wife, a chronic alcoholic who escaped in a new convertible he equipped with training wheels. - And now moving right along as we always do sometimes, here's a Laugh-In news extra. With Saint Patrick's Day coming up, here's Dan Rowan in County Killarny with a genuine Irish leprechaun. So take it away, Danny boy. (knocking) - Hello, anybody home? Hello? - Hi there. - Hello. Are you a leprechaun? - Well I'm not the flying nun. - You aren't, I didn't know there were any girl leprechauns. - Now, isn't that silly. Without girl leprechauns, how could there be boy leprechauns? (laughs) - Never really thought if it that way, but I see your point. Hey, what are you doing up here? I thought all you leprechauns lived underground, around the roots of trees. - No, not Irish leprechauns. You must be thinking of Polish leprechauns. - Oh, aren't all leprechauns Irish? - No, there's leprechauns everywhere. There's leprechauns in Japan and in Sweden and in Israel. - Israel? Come on, there aren't any leprechauns in Israel. - You've never heard of a leprecohen? That's a local joke. - That's a good play on words. - You know, you're very cute. - Oh, thank you. - I'll bet you're part Irish. - Well yes, how did you know that? - Your right eye is smiling. - Hey, listen, according to legend, if I catch a leprechaun, he has to lead me to the end of the rainbow and get a pot of gold as a reward. What happens if I catch a lady leprechaun like you? - Well, let's put it this way. It's better than any old pot of gold. - Yeah. Right back to you, Dick. (audience applauding) - Now cut that out, you two. - Item. They held a beauty contest in beautiful downtown Burbank today. - One more joke like that, and we're gonna send you to Glendale. - What's a Burbank? - We'll be right back, so don't touch that dial. I told you not to touch that dial. - Dear Aggie, I have 14 children and I'm worried that my husband doesn't love me. Signed, Expecting. Dear Expecting, don't worry, think what it would be like if he did love you. - I sure wish you could tell that on the air. - Step right up and test your strength. Step right up. How do you do, madam? Oh, excuse me, sir. Would you like to test your strength? Just give it a good whack right here, sir. Test your strength, get it up there. Up to he-man. (hammer shatters) - What do you mean it was our fault? - The British are coming, the British are coming! - What did you say? - Nevermind. - Our question tonight, should there be love before marriage? - And to get a cross-section of opinion, we have asked a group of typical Americans to give us their frank, soul-searching answers to this burning question. - Again, should there be love before marriage? - Yes. - Yes. - Yes. - Yes. - Yes! - What was the question? - Should there be love before marriage? - Oh yes. - Oh yeah. - Yes. - Should. - I refuse to answer on the grounds it may tend to incriminate me. - If Tuesday Weld married Frederick March II, she'd be Tuesday, March the second. - Love is the only game never postponed on account of darkness. - My husband wouldn't buy me a garter so I sued him for nonsupport. - Boy, am I tired. It took me eight weeks to paint my house. - That's ridiculous. Why didn't you just photograph it, klutz? - If I did meet the girl of my dreams, what would I do with my wife? - Are you the kind of girl who parks with men on dark country roads? - Not unless driven to it. - If you really want to save money, marry your second wife first. - Will whoever left the Saint Bernard in the parking lot please go out and get him, he's burying my Volkswagen. - I have 300 wives, and no children. What is wrong with those girls? - What has a lampshade on top and turns on? My cousin at a party. - What's the matter with your arm? - Oh, it hurts when I do this. - Well don't do it. - The second half of the Rowan and Martin Laugh-In is brought to you by... (funky music) - Anybody can do it. Come over and test your strength. Ah, little lady, would you like to get... There you are, little lady. Just hit it right there and test your strength. - Hey gang, tonight Our Mod, Mod World takes a look at the hereafter. We're five undertakers Who welcome you to Happy Acres We haven't met you But someday we might get you Our chosen profession Leaves little room for self-expression Methods don't vary, It's always cash and bury We seldom get to meet first You always enter feet first But when your card game's played out We help to get you laid out We have a suspicion Nobody loves a poor mortician It would be nice if you try 'Cause we're gonna get you by and by Diddly aye die die die die Die die die, die die die Die diddly aye die die die die Die die die There's nothing much occurring When days are spent interring But nights get pretty scary Around the mortuary A tisket, a tasket, We found the blue and yellow casket Drop in and give it a try Don't need to malign us You better watch that sinus 'Cause we're gonna get you by and by Diddly aye die die die die Die die die (audience applauding) - Somebody just said the subject of Mod, Mod World is the hereafter. - The hereafter what? - The hereafter, the great beyond. Where everybody is going one day. - Well, I don't want to talk about it. - Oh. All right, as long as we have that settled, now we take a look at the hereafter. - Not me. - Come on, you may as well face it, Dick. Someday, eventually, everybody goes somewhere. - Argentina. - You're really serious, you don't want to talk about it. - You can try, but I'll avoid it. - Okay, let's start with funerals. - You start with funerals. - Now, I can't really believe that you never in your life have been faced with this problem. - Oh, just my uncle. - Oh, well I'm sorry to hear that, I didn't... - Oh, it happened quite a few years ago. - Oh, you were in charge of the arrangements? You probably took him to an undertaker? - No, we took him to a taxidermist. - A taxidermist? - Well, it worked out kinda well. You see, just, I thought that he and my aunt, they seem happy. - They seem happy? In the same house, together? - Well, they're not always together. - Oh. - Most of the time she's in the kitchen and he's out in the parlor, reading the newspaper. - He's out in the parlor reading the newspaper? - Yeah, once a week I go over and turn the pages for uncle. (laughs) - Well, I can see you just don't want to talk about it. Is that what you're trying to tell me? You don't want to talk about it. - You catch on slow. - Well, we all have to go sometime. - That's what they'd like you to believe. - You better believe it, because right now, we're gonna go to a funeral. - How's that? - Laugh-In is having a funeral tonight. - The ratings were that bad? (laughs) - No, as a matter of fact, the ratings have been holding up very well. - Then what are we having a funeral for? - Just so we can see what it looks like from the other side. - The other side of what? - Come on and you'll see. - Hmm. - He's not dead, he's just asleep. - I've got $100 says he's dead. - Doesn't he look wonderful? - Well why shouldn't he? He just got back from Florida. - Oh, he looks so natural, just like he did in real life. - In life he wore lipstick and rouge? - Well just think, he was gonna play golf with us tomorrow. It's awful. - Awful, it's tragic. Hey no, wait a minute. Maybe Henderson will play with us. - Yeah, we'll check. - You saved my life in the army once, Charlie. Someday I'm gonna make it up to you. - Oh, Charlie. I'm alone. All alone. I have no one to look after me. You know Charlie, it's just like you, not to be here at a time like this. - Before you do that, shouldn't I say a prayer? - I'm afraid he was an atheist possum. - Oh, oh, what a shame. All dressed up, and no place to go. - Psst. Psst. - We've got to stop meeting like this, I think Harold's getting suspicious. The rivers keep rolling Don't ask for whom the bells are tolling No need to wonder The answer's six feet under - And to my nephew, Theodore, whom I said I would mention in my will, hi there, Theodore. - Hey, how's your brother? - He's sick. - Oh, he's not sick, he just thinks he's sick. How's your other brother? - He thinks he's dead. Die die die die, die die die, die die die Die diddly aye die die die die Die die die - I want to talk to my wife, Margaret. She was a telephone operator. - Here me, oh spirit world. I am calling for Margaret. Margaret, the telephone operator. - [Margaret] Your call, please. - This is Hugo. Is that you, Margaret? - [Margaret] I'm sorry, I cannot give you that information. - But I must have that information. - [Margaret] I will give you information. - [Voiceover] Information. - I want to talk to Margaret, my wife. She's about five feet four, 26, 24, 36. - [Voiceover] I'm sorry, that number's been changed. Please deposit $20 for three minutes. - $20? You can go to the devil. - [Voiceover] I'll connect you. - [Voiceover] Hello, this is hell. - Hell? I want to talk to Margaret. - [Voiceover] Margaret? - [Margaret] Hugo, is that you? - What do you know? He took it with him. Die die die die, die die die, die die die Die diddly aye die die die die Die die die - And now, folks, it's sock it to me time. - [Multiple Voices] Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me... - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to you, sock it to them, sock it to everybody. - Little lady, why don't you try your strength? It'll be good for you. Just line up in front and just hit that for all you're worth. Give it a go. - You a hawk or a dove? - Both. - Are you a hawk or a dove? - Chicken. - Stick 'em up. - From Ohio a gentleman writes... Dear Aggie, I am not particularly attractive. I am short and dumpy with bad skin and a high-pitched voice. Is there any chance for me? Yes. I suggest that you read and take hope from my new book, Life Among the Short, Dumpy, Bad-Skinned, High-Pitched Voiced People of Ohio. - Hey Dick, when you gonna give me the $50 you owe me? - I told you, as soon as I get it, I'm broke. - Yeah man, but I can't wait for ever. - Hey, stick 'em up. - Here's the $50 I owe you. - This is your offstage announcer reminding you that tonight's program will be shown to our fighting forces in the NBC legal department. (playing Swan Lake on piano) (making Donald Duck noises) - The British are coming, the British are coming! - What you say? - Dummy, you got the wrong war. - Step right up, you don't have to be strong to test your strength, it's all in the wrist. Excuse me, sir. Sir. Would you like to test your strength? Just hit it right here. Hit it right there, sir. Right here. That a boy. - It says bong! - Thank you. - You're welcome. - The British are coming, the British are coming! - What? - I said the British are coming. - Oh, I thought you said the Yiddish were coming. - Step right up, step right up, have a go at the hammer. Would you like a go at the hammer? Why don't you let the little lady do it. Step right up there. All right, little lady, we'll see how hard you can hit it. Go ahead. Give it a go. - Now that's really old. - I thought that was funny, but what does a kid know? (laughing) - True or false, Jackie Gleason is not fat. He weighs only 95 pounds, but is hollow. - And so tonight, our Laugh-In public opinion poll looks at a very important question. Should we revise our election system? - Well if you ask me... - I didn't ask you. I want to hear what the man in the street says. - Well, what's the question? - Should we revise our election system? - Well I think the president should be drafted like the soldiers are. If you can send a young boy thousands of miles away to settle the problems of the world, why can't you send the same young boy to Washington and let him try it from there? - I say, let's get the elections out of the hands of the people and back in the smoke-filled rooms where they belong! - Let's make Valentine's Day election day, hmm? Send a valentine to the candidate that you love the best, and the man who receives the most valentines is automatically the president. This way, we would be electing the most popular man, and all the others would know that we still love them too. - I forgot the question. - You're doing it all wrong. You make so many rules about your presidents. You never have had a good queen, or a king. - You Americans with your stupid elections. What do the people know? Do it the way we do in the Soviet Union. One candidate, then you have no problems. Unless he loses, then you got trouble. - Well, I could save the government a lot of trouble, just send the candidates to me one by one, and I'll tell you which one is the best man. - Well, does that answer your question? - What was the question? - The preceding was an unpaid political announcement. In the past few weeks, Laugh-In has made comment on smoking, censorship, violence, crime, and saluted the establishment, because we believe that if you look hard enough, you can find some good in everybody, and everything. - And so tonight, in keeping with this policy, the cast of Laugh-In salutes ex-governor George Wallace. - And that about wraps it up for our salute. - Why I like love-ins, by Henry Gibson. I like love-ins because they are so aeronautical and full of give. Well, take for example the way they furnish fuel for our daily flights. In addition, they fertilize our hearts and give rise to flowers, and ferns, and grass. But most of all, they help build up cool by fraying the love wave and letting it circulate. If it were not for love-ins, we would be without floats. My life up to now has been flashy, I guess A poor girl got lucky and made a success I came from the East to this Wonderland town I'm famous and rich, but it's getting me down I live in a mansion, my pool is immense I just bought a Rolls and a Mercedes-Benz (giggling) I'm building a bank, and a brand new motel Then why must our lives be like empty old shells? Well, we've never been to a love-in Where they run around nude dragging girls through the food Just a jolly Hollywood love-in, no We've never attended at all My dimwitted neighbor, who barely can speak Goes to a love-in like three times a week My hairdresser told me while waving his comb This love-in he threw was like six nights in Rome My girlfriend just told me, I'm sure it's for spite, She went to a love-in and stayed half the night But pick out a place where the action is slow And that is the time we're invited to go So we've never been to a love-in Where they pass around flowers, making nice nice for hours Just a jolly Hollywood love-in, no We've never attended at all All together We've never been to a love-in Where the fun is all had just by making new friends Yes, a jolly Hollywood love-in No We've never attended I'm highly offended My background is spendid There's malice intended We've never been to a love-in, no We've never attended at all (audience applauding) - The British are coming, the British are coming! - How soon? - Don't worry, we got plenty of time. (Native Americans yelping) (arrow fires) - Go to the fort and get some help. - Step right up and test your strength. You don't have to be smart. Excuse me, sir. Would you like to test your strength? Well here, just take this hammer, and hit it right down... Oh, you're gonna use your own. All right, all's fair. (flushing) - The British are coming, the British are coming! - We've got to stop meeting like this, Harold is getting suspicious. - Well, it's time to say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Sayonara, Dick. - And next, well, I wanted to thank you for your letters. You've been writing a lot of letters, and next week, I think you'll see... - Hey, I wonder if you'd mind if I said something my great-grandmother once said to me. - Gee, I wish we had time. Next week... - She was in the kitchen putting up quince jelly at the time and she got her foot caught in a bucket of molasses. The ice man came in and they slid under the wood stove. - Oh, gee, that's funny. I'm glad we squeezed it in there. - They were there for three days. - Say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night, everybody. (audience applauding) - Molasses? - Old Mother Hubbard stood by her cupboard and tried to find something there. Along came a cop and she had to stop, because old Mother Hubbard was bare. - My cousin just joined the boy scouts. That girl's going to amount to something. - He's so dumb, he thinks an inkling is a baby fountain pen. - My boyfriend is so square, he thinks that the freeway is Sweden's answer to matrimony. - What's the lowdown on Turkey and Greece? - Oh, they're too fattening. - Say, does the train stop in San Francisco? - Boy, it better, or there's gonna be a big splash. - Jack be nimble, Jack be quicker, you've got a new job as a chicken flicker. - What should I do? I've swallowed my pen. - Use your pencil. - Oh. (laughs) - I've heard plenty about your lovemaking. - Oh, it's nothing. - That's what I heard. - Don't you think every woman ought to have a mink? - Certainly not, how many minks have women? - Florence is a nice place to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there. - Since I've been going to my psychiatrist, all my confusion is gone. I go eight days a week. - Have you ever seen the solar eclipse? - No, where's it playing? - Peter, Peter, pumpkin eater, had a wife and couldn't keep her, pickled her in muskatel and there she's keeping very well. - Knock knock. - Who's there? - Freeze. - Freeze who? - Freeze a jolly good fellow, for he's... - Hey, I just shot 14 ducks. - Were they wild? - Well, they weren't tickled to death. - Oh. Oh remember, he who laughs last is last laugher. - No, he who laughs last, laughs last. - No no, the last laugher is a laughing laugh... - The last laugh... - Laugh yourself, a clown laughs... That hurts when I do that. - Don't do it. - Oh. - Find out who's going to be next. Excuse me, oh sir? Would you like to test your strength? Oh come along sir, it won't take long. Here, test your strength. Just hit it right there. (church bells ringing) - The British are coming, the British are coming! - Will you sober up and get in here? The war's been over for two years. - Would you believe Sony and Cher? - The preceding was recorded earlier because we were ashamed to do it now. - Very interesting. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 