Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In 
 s1e9 - Joey Bishop, Sammy Davis, Jr., Elgin Baylor, Harry Belafonte, Regis Philbin, John Wayne - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (1967–1973): Season 1, Episode 9 - Joey Bishop, Sammy Davis, Jr., Elgin Baylor, Harry Belafonte, Regis Philbin, John Wayne - full transcript 
 Sketches include Cocktail Party, Sonny and Seal, Paul dummy disaster, Paul Revere, Military News Song, News of the past, present, and future, Leprechaun interview, Undertaker production, ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Announcer] The following program is brought to you in living color on NBC. - And now sports fans, here we are in the last half of the ninth inning, the score is still tied at seven to three. - I've shot men for less than that. (speaking German) - We're a little late folks, good night. - And now direct from the recovery room of the beautiful uptown Burbank Hospital, here in beautiful downtown Burbank, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 NBC presents Rowan and Laugh-ins Martin. Starring Dan Rowan and Dick Martin. With guest stars Joey Bishop, Pamela Austin and special guest star, Sammy Davis Jr. With Judy Carne, Arte Johnson and Ruth Buzzi, Henry Gibson, Goldie Hawn, Larry Hovis, Roddy Maude-Roxby, Joanne Worley, yours truly, Gary Owens and Bargle as the friendly drelb. - Tonight's program is brought to you by the folks charming down at from (70s variety show music) - And now here he is ladies and gentlemen, the one, the only, Dan Rowan. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And in the purple trunks, Dick Martin. - So here we go again. - I can't wait to get started. - You seem to be in pretty good spirits tonight. - I feel good too. - Oh, well, that's quite a coincidence. Why don't I tell ya who's on the show tonight? - No, I tell ya what, why don't you tell me who's on the show tonight? - Hey, we'll do it your way. - All righty. Kirk Douglas. - Now, you know Kirk Douglas isn't here tonight. - Yeah, but they don't know. - You mean you would deliberately mislead these people to make them watch the show because Kirk Douglas is on? - You bet your sweet bippy, I would. - I been meaning to ask you, what's a bippy. - That's a baby bip. - Yeah, but what's a bip? - A big bippy. - Are you sure? - You bet your sweet bippy, I'm sure. - Well, how would you like to know who's here tonight? - I'd rather know who's here. - All right, for openers, how about Joey Bishop? - Joey Bishop? Happens to be one of my favorites. - Yeah he's great, isn't he? - Ah, he got out of ABC, huh? - You can't say that. - Got out of CBS? - He's not on CBS. - He's been canceled? - No, he hasn't been canceled, show's goin' better than ever. - Oh. - Hey, and Pam Austin's here. - Oh, I love her. - Oh, she's pretty isn't she? - I guess so. - Well she's here. - Where? - Right here. - Yeah? - Ladies and gentlemen, Miss Pam Austin. What's on your mind, honey? - Well, I have a trick I'd like to try on the show tonight. - All right, if you'd like to, go ahead and try it. - Okay, one, two, three. - Pam? - Hey. - Don't go away, we can work it out. - That's some kinda trick, isn't it? - Where'd she go? - I dunno. - Did you like it? - Hey. - You had me worried. - Hey that's great. - Oh, I'm so happy. - Hey, can I see it again? - Mmmhmm, one, two, three. - That is something. - Come on back honey. - Pam! - That's not Pam. - What happened? - Come on. That's not Pam. - Well, who is it? - Do the name Ruby Begonia strike a familiar note? (laughing) - Hey, come on now, where'd she go? - I suppose he went to the party. - Well, come on, let's go with her. - You're invited too. (60s music) - Our country would be much better off with a strong leader. - I know, but Sinatra can't do everything. - I have nothing against minorities, but what happens when there's more of them than there is of us? - I think the award for best supporting actor should go to Hubert Humphrey. - I just wanna take a second to tell you I think you're a very lovely girl. - Oh I've heard Cary Grant was much taller. - I get this terrible fear. I imagine this huge hairy brute is gonna overpower me. My psychiatrist says this won't happen, that's when I get this terrible fear. - How do you Americans feel about Cassius Clay? - Well, some people say, if Mohammed won't go to the army, let the army go to Mohammed. - I didn't know Dr. Spock cared about people. I thought he was only interested in babies. - My grandfather's a sexilgenarian. - That's amazing at his age. - Personally, I would never call Chistian Dior a man of the cloth. - Which reminds me of the tale of the dancing maiden and the wonderful things she did with tapioca pudding. - I know Joey Bishop isn't your real name, now what was it before you changed it? - Hellen Haze. - I was in the movie Bikini Beach Party. I played a wet blanket. - I just wanna tell you, I think you're a very lovely girl. - Oh I thought Walter Brennan was taller. - I believe all our religious leaders have the same basic goals with the possible exception of Hugh Hefner. - I wanted to ask my boyfriend to see In the Heat of the Night, but I didn't know how to phrase the invitation. - Why do you British maintain a stiff upper lip? - There's a definite feeling of insecurity about British dentures. - How do I know you'll still love me if we get married? - Baby you know how I love married ladies. - The aesthetic enjoyment of transcendental meditation brings a wonderfulness of love and peace and I can get it for you for $1.50. - I'm Sammy Davis Jr. - Oh no you ain't, he's much taller. - I see where a member of the American Rifle Association is involved in a paternity suit. - Son of a gun. (people chanting sock it to me) - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me? (silly music) - Prost! - May I have this dance? - I suppose you're all wondering why I asked you here. - Bird. - Enough of this childish horseplay folks, it's time now for the Rowan and Martin Report, when each week Laugh-in looks at the news, past, present and future. What's the news across the nation We have got the information In a way we hope will amuse yous We just love to give you our views La la la la Ladies and gents, Laugh-in looks at the news - [Women] Here's Dan. - And now here with the news of the present, the man to whom the news wouldn't be the news without the news, here's Dickie. - May the good fairy drop nern in your purg. Boston Mass, Fred Fields discovered a new way to teach the facts of life to children. Mr. Fields, a sky-writer by profession, revealed all the details to his son today, and was immediately arrested upon landing. Mr. Fields was previously arrested for writing the entire text of Fanny Hill over New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and parts of Ohio. New York City, it can be reported now, that at the height of the recent sanitation strike in New York City, the head of the garbage men's union said, "we wouldn't touch that stuff with a 10 foot pole." Edward Manslowski, a 10 foot Pole, said he wouldn't touch it either. And now, take it away Goldie. - Laugh-In news of the past, present and future now continues to the news of the past. That's in the past you know. Now here's, um, - Dan. - Dan. - 1703, on returning to Moscow from the honeymoon, the czar and his bride announced their immediate separation. The couple refused to discuss the honeymoon, but it was noted that he referred to her as Catherine the Great, while she called him Ivan the Terrible. In 1492, as Christopher Columbus sailed from Genoa today in search of a new trade route to the far east, he said, I don't care where I wind up, I'm still not going to enter the California primary. Finally, this item from London, 1948, 20 years ago today. Field Marshal Montgomery unveiled a monument in Piccadilly Circus, dedicated to the girls who fell there, in World War II. - That's about as funny as an Indian raid. - The supreme court is about to rule that gambling is not a crime. Tonight the Rowan Martin Report takes you to the Supreme Court chambers where this history decision will be made. - My fellow justices, we are about to reach a very serious decision regarding the legality of gambling. Are you ready? - [Group] Yes. - All right then, heads it's legal, tales it isn't. - And now it's time for a Laugh-In news extra. Take it away somebody. - Many people suspect that our news is doctored in what is called the national interest. For a better understanding of the credibility gap, we take you to the official press office in Washington. - Hey Sam, listen to this bulletin. - Yeah. - An American destroyer accidentally hit and sank a Russian fishing vessel 75 miles off the coast of Labrador, 15 Russian fisherman were injured. - That's a good item. I think we can do something with that. How many Russians did you say were injured? - 15. - 15, Joe, that could be serious, we better make it 10 Russians. - How about five Russians? - Make it a couple. - A couple of ours. - Couple of ours? - Why not? - In that case then, we might as well make it five. - Make it 10, - Look, we might as well then leave it at the original number, 15, that way it's original, nobody will be bugged by it. - 15 American fisherman injured. Boy, that's terrible. - Where uh, where was this Russian boat anyway? - 75 miles off the coast of Labrador. - Labrador, nobody knows where that is. Make it New England. - 75 miles off the coast of Massachusetts. - Good, now round it out to 50 miles, 'cause I think that'll read better. - Maybe even 25. - Let's not quibble. Put them a mile off of Boston Harbor. - A mile, one mile. Boy those are fool Russians who don't know they're playing with dynamite, do they? - Wait a minute. - What? - Just a minute, wouldn't people see a Russian boat one mile off shore? - Sure, somebody would spot it. - Not if it was a submarine. - Of course, it had to be a sub. But tell me, how could an American destroyer ram a sub? - It couldn't. Ya know what? It's gotta be the other way around. Their sub hit our fishing boat. - Our fishing boat? - Of course, how else could 15 American fishermen be injured? - Lousy Ruskies! - How come the sub didn't see them? I mean, don't forget, a sub has a periscope. - That's right. An accident like that just couldn't happen. - Of course, you mean it wasn't an accident? - Of course not. They did it on purpose. - Butchers, dirty butchers! - Read it back to me. - All right, today a Russian submarine deliberately ram and sank a helpless American fishing boat one mile off Boston Harbor. 15 American fishermen are in critical condition. You know something? Those Russians must be out of their minds to think they can get away with a thing like this! - You're right. Another incident like this and those maniacs could start World War III. That's the news across the nation Now you've got the information Thanks a lot, we hope it amused yous We just love to give you are views La la la la Ladies and gents, Laugh-in looked at the news - And now folks, here's our next number, 73. - This camera takes a picture in two seconds flat. - Here come the judge. Here come the judge. Here come the judge. Here come the judge. - $10 or 30 days. - Well, judge, I'll take the $10. Throw me a kiss from across the room Tell me I'm nice when I'm not. - You're not. (silly music) Be my love - Now that's black power. (silly music) - Locks? - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. - The sock it to me lamp is definitely lit. - Hey, I got a great idea. Why not sock it to Joey? - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me My pleasure. (silly music) - May I have this dance? - My wife, she's very jealous, take off your clothes quick! - Here come the judge. Here come the judge. Here come the judge. Here come the judge. - Why did you stick your knife into the plaintiff? - Well, I heard the police coming, and I had to hide it somewhere. (silly music) - Well folks, here's what you've all been waiting for. - You gonna bring on some nice ladies? - Oh this is where we present tomorrow's stars today on Laugh-in's new talent time. (off key trumpet fanfare) - Oh boy, they'd sure stump 'em on What's My Line. - Hey, we're gonna have some fun tonight. - Soon as the program's over, huh? - Oh no, we've got some great new talent. - I hope so. - You know the Nern Hotel in beautiful downtown Burbank has been trying to compete with Las Vegas, you know, as the entertainment capital of the west. - I heard about that. - Oh, I'm glad you heard that. Well, anyway, they just imported an Indian dance troupe all the way from the far east. - I heard some people talking about that. - What'd they say? - I don't know, they were mouthing the, - Oh, I see, well, we borrowed this fabulous act for Laugh-in tonight and you're gonna like 'em. - Well, as long as they're as good as you say, let's bring 'em on in. - All right, ladies and gentlemen, direct from the Nern Hotel in beautiful downtown Burbank, we proudly present the Maharishi and his maraschinos. (Indian style music) - And lest we forget, those wonderful men in blue who keep our ships afloat out there on the sea. (bells ringing along with music) - And how about, (random singing) - He ought to get travel pay. - Hehe, that's the Maharishi there. - He was busy. - Well, moving right along, new talent time, here's another first. - I guess so. - You like this fella? - It's just one of the best acts I ever saw. - Oh you really think so? Why don't you introduce him? - Introduce who? - Chris Beer. - Who's Chris Beer? - I thought you said it was one of the best acts you ever saw? - I did. - And you don't know what he does? - Sure but I wanna be surprised. - Oh, well, you'll be surprised. Ladies and gentlemen, the famous French Canadian step dancer, Mr. Chris Beer. (playful step music) - He's something else. - Do his axes ever slip? - If they do, - Would you care to say exactly what else he uh, - Well, I don't have time, because here's our next guest. - Another goodie? - Oh this goodie's been on before. - Oh? You're kidding. You're not bringing back Tiny Tim are you? - Oh no, no, no. The ever popular Mr. Pietro Rosemenko. - Oh he's the guy that escaped from behind the iron curtain. - The very one. - Oh yeah, I love him. - And here he is, Mr. Pietro Rosemenko. Good evening Mr. Rosemenko. Yes, well how about that ovation, huh? - Is very exciting. - Oh they really do love you on the show. - Is a pleasure, thank you. - What're you gonna do for us tonight? - Is great honor for me, a privilege. I have great feeling in heart, because I bring from other side, my identicouple twin brother. - Your brother, you brought your, and he's going to, he's going to perform with, - Help for escaping and this is the first time he's, he's very nervous. - Oh, what a thrill for all of us. - I know you, you, you, - We're really looking forward to it. Ladies and gentlemen, new talent is proud to present the Rosemenko twins. (whispering in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) - The Rosemenko twins? - Yeah, kinda hard to believe, isn't it? - Yeah, one is so much taller than the other. - Yeah, that's true. Well, that about wraps it up for tonight's new talent department. - And if you wanna vote for your favorite, just dial operator. - Oh, you can't tell the people to dial operator. - That's the number I always call in an emergency. - What's an emergency got to do with this new talent? - Well, if I saw these acts, I'd sure wanna call a cop. - And now folks, let's rejoin the Green Hornet and his faithful servant Tonto. - Here comes the judge, here comes the judge, here comes the judge, here comes the judge. Judge, judge. Judge, judge. Judge, judge. - Now Pat, what's brought you here again? - Two policemen. - Drunk as usual? - Both of them. - How come I never get dates? - Maybe it's your, - Oh ya know, I use the leading mouth wash, and nationally famous deodorant. I'm neat and clean and I smell great. - Mary, I must confess, I don't understand why you don't get dates. (people chanting stronger than dirt) - Fog. - My name is Joey Heatherton and have I got a secret. - You know, my ancestors picked so much cotton that I still hate to open an aspirin bottle. - If you're scoring at home, that was the first good one tonight. - I tell you, I just can't win. Last night, I dreamed I was white. And a colored kid beat me up. - I thought that was funny, but I laugh at everything. - Ya know, we're not too dumb, we move into a block, and when the values go down, we buy up all the land and then move out. - Here's another one that won't choke ya up. - Ya know, they don't make us sit in the back of the bus anymore, because they found out that most of the accidents happen in the front. - What we got here is a failure to communicate. - Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Sammy Davis Jr. - The second half of Rowan and Martin's Laugh-in is brought to you by (70s style variety show music) - Hickory, dickory dock, the mouse ran up the clock, the clock struck, boy those unions are getting in everywhere. - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. Ow, that hurt. - You hit that kid again and somebody's gonna answer to me. - Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, lalalalala. (silly music) (glass shattering) - May I have this dance? - I know to you, I may look old, hope this statement ain't too bold, but here comes the judge, here comes the judge, here comes the judge, here comes the judge, here comes the judge, here comes the judge. - What are you charged with? - Stealing apples off a fruit stand. - 30 days for impersonating an officer. (silly music) - Awww. - We interrupt this program to bring you a special report from our man in Southeast Asia. - Thanks Dan. Well, this has been a busy week, as you know. Prince Chow Lai met General Cam Book Nook, near Pen Moon Tang to discuss the cuan chin dang dun infiltrations at Gung do poo. (speaking in foreign language) - And now here is Shep Fields and his Casa Loma Orchestra to play the sweetest music this side of heaven. (silly music) - Here comes the judge, here comes the judge, here comes the judge, here comes the judge here comes the judge. - The prisoner is not guilty of theft. - Does that mean I don't have to give back the watch? - Calhoun the lawyer gonna be here in the morning. - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. - Son of a gun, they socked it to her. (silly music) - May I have this dance? (fabric ripping) - Yes, this camera records exactly what you see with your eye. - Here comes the judge. - Prisoner, have you anything to offer in your own behalf? - No sir, I gave every cent I had to the jury. - Tonight, mod mod world looks at the Olympics. (60s music) - Yep, tonight the subject of mod mod world is the Olympics. I bet you're looking forward to seeing the Olympics, huh? - I guess every time I think about the ol' Olympics I get a bit chill, ya know? - Oh really, why's that? - 'Spose you'd like to, ya know, hear about my uncle in the Olympics, huh? - Well, no not really, I didn't, - He was in the Battle Creek, Michigan Olympics. - They never had any Olympics in Battle Creek, Michigan. - That's what they'd like ya to believe. - Yeah, well, I'm not interested in your uncle, I think, - He won three gold medals. - I don't want to hear about it. There're probably, - For cake baking. - They don't have cake baking in the Olympics. - Yeah? He came in ahead of Betty Crocker. - I knew I didn't want to hear about it. - The Pillsbury lady was very upset. - The Pillsbury lady? - Woo, she came in right behind Betty Crocker's buns. - Yeah, well, moving right along with the subject of the Olympics, - This shows ya that religion and cooking just don't mix. - Religion and cooking? - She was baking an angel cake at the time. - Well, we picked another subject you don't know anything about, is that what you're trying to tell me? - What do you mean? - Olympics and sports. You just don't know anything about sports. - You happen to be talking to a hockey champion. - You're a hockey champion? - That's funny, so am I. - Oh come now. I'd like to see you play in hockey. - Well, as soon as I get a new ball, I'll show ya. - You don't play hockey with a ball. - That's what they'd like you to believe. - Oh no, no, no, you play hockey with a puck. - He was our goalie. - Who? - Fred Puck. - Oh come on. Look in a few months, our American Olympic team's going to be visiting the games in Mexico City, - I've played a few games in Mexico City myself. - That may be so, - I remember one game I played, - Yeah, I don't wanna hear about, - I met her in a little bar, - Look, Dick, we don't have time for you to, - I will never forget, - Dick, - The words. - All right. - The first words, and I offered to buy her another tequila, - I don't wanna talk about, - Little tequila with the sale and the lime, huh? - All right hold it will ya? Just a minute, Dick. - She looked up into my eyes, and she whispered softly, - Now come on Dick, - Come on Dick. How did you know that? - I was there. - I didn't know that. You had a wig on. - You wanna know the big problem in Mexico City? - Yeah. - Our athletes are gonna have a problem down there because of the altitude. - Oh? - Oh sure, the air is a lot different, it's very thin air. - Who wants fat air? - Oh no, no, no, - Benny Youngman 1912. - No, don't you understand? As a result of that thin air you have trouble breathing if you're not used to it. - I'd be a cinch, I've been breathing all my life. - You're gonna have to prove that to me. Don't you know anything at all about sports? - I happen to be one of the great skiers of all time. - Where did you ever ski? - Why I spent a whole winter in Switzerland. - Skiing? - Oh, I guess so, every morning, up early, strap on the old skis and go out there and hit those alps. - Yes sir, boy, feel great, huh? - Exhausted. - Well, it's tiring, ya know, skiing down those mountains all day long. - Down the mountains? - Of course down the mountain. You can't ski up a mountain. - You can't? - No, they ski down the mountain, they go up the mountain in a ski lift. - That's where they were going! - Well, now that we've solved that problem, mod mod world looks at the year's most important sporting event, the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City. (girls cheering randomly) Here we are in Mexico City Ain't nowhere not sunny and pretty You'll get in, just mention our names, Laugh-In for the Olympic games. Ole! - Many countries at the Olympics are unable to participate in all events, so they usually specialize in one sport. For instance the country of Croatia has long been known for it's fine basketball team, and tonight we have their coach and three of their star players. And now it's a real pleasure for me to introduce to you the former All-American, many time All-Pro, the great Elgin Baylor. Coach, leasure to meet you sir. I wonder if you think your teams ready for the competition here at the Olympics? - Yes, and I'd like for you to meet them. - Well, I'd like to. (60s music) - The Olympics where arguments are forgotten. Where India and Pakistan can become friendly rivals on the hockey field. - Lucky one. - Lucky one. - Lucky two. - Lucky two. - Lucky three. - Lucky three. (60s music) - Yes, sports fans, we're here at the Olympics talking to some of the competitors in the different events. Who are you sir? - I am the Argentine marathon champion. - You really don't sound like an Argentinian. - You could check it, my papers are in order. - I'm sure they are. I understand that you have a rather unusual and most unique running style. I wondered if you would mind demonstrating that running style for our television audience. - (speaks German) Uh, si, of course. - All right good, okay, on your mark, - I'll give the orders around here. On my mark, - Very interesting. - (Speaks German) (gun firing) (counts in German) (60s music) - As you may have read, there's been some problems in recent years with Russian winners of women's events turning out to be men. As a result, the Olympic committee as devised a sex test which the female athletes will be required to take. - This is an outrage. To take sex test is slur on my, my integrity, my country and my fenimity, now I ask you is this the leg of a man? I want results of test. - Well, Mrs. Petrovitch, I have good news and bad news. - Tell me bad news, I am strong. - I'm afraid I'll have to disqualify you, you're definitely a man. - Oh, and what is good news? - Congratulations, you're pregnant. (60s music) - On your mark, - I want to defect from Russia to U.S.A., is okay? - Sure, sure. Psst, say buddy, I'm trying to avoid the draft, can I defect to Canada? - Sure, there are are lots of Americans in Toronto. - I say, I want to get out of Canada and get to France, any chance? - Wee, wee, we are glad to accept all our Canadian brother. - Get set, (gun firing) On your marks, ready get set Go go go We are the ladies Of the Olympic games And boy you oughta see us do our stuff We are the cream of The world's Olympic dames, We do the shot put Broad jump Breast stroke Running the mile I carry the torch She carries a torch People ask me why did I become a swimmer Well I'll tell you it was all because of him I was just a farmers daughter When he got me in hot water And the only thing to do was learn to swim People ask me how did I perfect the shot put Was it practice, did I have to work a lot When the boys began attacking Mama's pistol I was packing And in no time I knew where to put the shot People often wonder how I learned to broad jump Well, I didn't wanna sit there like a lump When a fella starts to grab you If you're standing still he'll nab you In a second any broad can learn to jump You may wonder why did I become a runner Is it healthy, is it thrilling, is it fun When the fellas start arriving It's a question of surviving And the only thing a girl can do is run People ask me why I always carry torches Well my boyfriends always leave me on a porch Though my spirit slowly wilted I've had practice being jilted So I qualify to carry any torch. We do the shot put Broad jump Breast stroke Running the mile Loyal Steadfast Up right Wearing a smile I carry the torch, oh boy We're muscular maids We're ladies of the Olympic games Oh yeah - And now folks, it's sock it to me time. - The sock it to me lamp is definitely out, 'cause, here comes the judge, here comes the judge here comes the judge. - Wrong. (silly music) - May I have this dance? - And this camera takes great colored pictures. Be that as it may, here's another segment of pure unadulterated madness. - What kind of madness? - Unadulterated. - I'll drink to that. - We call it potpourri. - You call it potpourri? - What do you call it? - Unadulterated madness. - I'll drink to that. - Why? - Potpourri. - Why didn't you say so? (doorbell rings) - Come in, the door's open. - Mmm! - Mr. Rencorn? - Yes. - You reported a crime. - That's right, officer. While I was out bowling somebody broke into the house blew open the safe, ransacked every room in the place and stole my life savings and left my wife like this. (muffled yelling) - When'd this happen? - Week ago Monday. - With the miracle of surgical transplants now a reality, Laugh-in looks into the future at the world's first totally reconstituted human. - So you're the world's first person entirely made of spare parts. - That's right. This arm came from a man from the CIA, and this one from an FBI man. - How does it uh, how does it work? - Not too well. My left hand never knows what my right hand is doing. And this knee came from an Egyptian and this one from an Israeli. - Does it pose a problem? - Only when I cross my legs. - Well, you're saying then that your entire anatomy has come from foreigners. - Oh no, my heart belongs to daddy. - Well, I think you're certainly a plucky little girl, I wonder if you would mind if I shook your hand. - Go ahead, doesn't belong to me anyway. - Hey, baby! - And now, strolling down memory lane, Here's Pupi Campo. Pupi Campo? - If Pupi Campo married Betty Boop, he'd be Pupi Boop. (silly music) - Hey that's funny. - You get a kick out of that? - Sure do. - Do you know who's responsible for that kind of humor? - Ernie Kovacs. - That's right. - He was brilliant. - Just about the best there was. - I remember he did a lot of those bathtub blackouts. - Yeah, that's why we're doing them tonight. - Kinda nice way to remember a guy. - Exactly, look, here's another one. - They're all gone, shall we do something together? - Yeah, let's do it. - Okay, singing the rain number. - Groovey. - Okay, here we go. Singing in the rain Just singing in the rain - You know Sammy, I'm really glad you're here doing this with me. 'Cause if you weren't I'd get it for sure. - Oh you're kidding. - Oh listen, with a big star like you, they're not about to throw anything at me, I'm safe. - You're absolutely safe, shall we do the finish? - Yeah. - With the trenches, - Right. - here we go. We're singing and dancing in the rain - Yeah! It was wonderful, can we do it again? - See, nothing happened at all. - It didn't, did it. - No it didn't. - Wow, can we do it again? - Of course we can. - One more time. - All right, sock it to me. Why'd they do that? - Well, you said it. - Said what? - Sock it to me. Sammy, I wasn't safe. - Well, it's time to say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Eh. - Good night, Dick. - Dick who? - And we have a show next week, well if you liked tonight's, - I wonder if you'd mind if I said something my great grandfather once said to me. - Gee I'm afraid we're out of time, Dick. Next week, we gotta, - He was on a life raft for 14 days with a live bear. - I'd be kinda be interested to hear what he had to say. - Well, when they landed, they finally rescued him, - Yeah? - He kinda was all choked up and said, Do the name Ruby Begonia, - Say good night, Dick. - Good night, Dick. - Good night everybody, hope you had a good time. (70s style variety show music) - There was a young lady from Norway who casually sat in her doorway when the door squeezed her flat that was that. - Who's in there with you? - Cool Hand Luke. - I plan to run in Mississippi - For what? - The state line. - I dropped a bundle in the market. - What happened? - The bag broke. - If Veronica Lake married Corbet Monica, she'd be Veronica Monica. - Man's best friend is a dog, at least that's what he likes his wife to think. - The pet shop owner told me those bulldogs were $15 a piece. - How much is a whole one? - I was gonna do a bubble dance, but my mother said no soap. - Could you lend me $10. - What? - I say could you lend me $10. - I can't hear ya. - I can hear. - Then you lend him $10. - I can't see 'im. - Who said I never met a man I didn't like? - Zja zja Gabor. - I have to rush right home, I've got a stew in the oven. - That oughta sober him up. - What a minute, is that a chicken stew in your oven? Answer me. - A myth is an effeminate moth. - If I only have one life to live, let me live it as a blonde. - Did you know there're more Irishmen in Dublin than all of Bulgaria? - Here comes the judge, here comes the judge - Don't bother me, I'm bleaching the colored kid's hair. - Here comes the judge. - If I could walk that way I wouldn't need talcum powder. What else would you call it? Seen one, you've seen 'em all. If I had it, wouldn't I give it to ya? To get to the other side of the road, - Out, out, out. - Tippy tippy tin, tippy tin. (silly music) - Very interesting. - Oh, can I have a light? - Sure. - This program was recorded earlier so that we'd have time for a solo by Sammy Davis Jr. From a whipper will High on a hill - There goes the judge, there goes the judge, there goes the judge. (one person clapping) OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 