My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic: Season 9, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic 
 s9e1 - Episode #9.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic (2010–…): Season 9, Episode 1 - Episode #9.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Oh, good, we're all here! So everypony got an urgent summons to the castle with no explanation? Yup! I just love a good mysterious summons. What's it about? Do you think it's a surprise party? Hey, why are we running? Because something could be terribly wrong! Somepony turned bad, another evil creature back for revenge. Don't you think you're being a little paranoid? Why else would the princesses send scrolls in such a hurry? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Good point. They'd know better than to make us worry. Plus, I like it when you run so fast; the walls get all blurry. Wheee! Race ya! Girls, thank you so much for coming. What's wrong? What can we do? That's just it. Nothing's wrong. Everything's perfect! Did y'all call us down here just to tell us that? With all due respect, Majesties, you might want to save your urgent summons for matters that are a bit more... well, urgent? Well, there is more to it. Equestria is currently enjoying its longest period of harmony in recent years. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And it's all thanks to you, Twilight. And your friends, of course. Who, us? Oh, pshaw! It's about time you noticed! Thank you. Because of your efforts, there' been less and less for us to do! So, after much consideration, my sister and I have decided it is time for us to retire. Breaking News! The royal princesses retiring? I have so many questions. Who'll take over? Who will run Equestria? Will it be someone tall, dark, and handsome or will it be the Lord of Chaos? Ugh. Fine, go with the obvious choice. ♪ My little pony, my little pony ♪ ♪ Aaaahhh ♪ ♪ My little Pony ♪ ♪ I used to wonder what friendship could be. ♪ ♪ My Little Pony ♪ ♪ Until you all shared its magic with me. ♪ ♪ Big adventure! ♪ ♪ Tons of fun ♪ ♪ A beautiful heart! ♪ ♪ Faithful and strong! ♪ ♪ Sharing kindness ♪ ♪ it's an easy feat ♪ ♪ And magic makes it all complete! ♪ ♪ To have my little pony ♪ ♪ Do you know you're all my very best friends? ♪ *MY LITTLE PONY: FRIENDSHIP IS MAGIC* Season 09 Episode 01 Title: "The Beginning of the End (Part 1)" You're retiring? Princesses can retire! Of course we can! I, for one, am looking forward to a little R&R;, maybe a trip to Silver Shoals. And you want me to take your place? Mm hm! With the help of your friends, of course. We can't think of anypony more worthy. Over the years, we've watched you grow. You've faced task after task. ...challenge after challenge. ...countless adversities. Yeah, yeah, we get it. And you've always prevailed. Thank you, but that doesn't mean that I'm... That we're ready to do what you do! Of course you are. I realize this is a lot to take in, but... Nope! Makes perfect sense. We're awesome. Does this mean we get all your powers? I call dibs on showing up in everypony's dreams! You can't be ready to step into their horse shoes just like that. Well, if the Princesses think it's time to retire, we're not a bad choice. We always have Equestria's best interests at heart. That's a fair point, which should be taken into consideration when we have a roundtable - discussion. - Well, I'm in. Darlings! We'll all need a complete wardrobe update. And I would love to pick your brain about mane maintenance. When you have a moment. As long as we all have each other, I'm sure we can do it. Yay! Protectors of Equestria on three. One, two... If you're all on board, I guess I am too. Protectors of Equestria! It'll be a bit of an adjustment, but I imagine the transfer of power will be a lengthy process - which will give me... - Actually, we just need a few days to put together a little ceremony. Heh heh. A few days? But... but that's so soon! Shouldn't there be some sort of training program? That lasts weeks, no, months, if not years? Everything you've gone through over the years has been a training program. OK, but there's got to be a guide or a rule book? Yes, I have it right here: "How to Rule Equestria" by Nopony McPretendsmith. The Friendship Journal you wrote yourselves is a better guide than any we could provide. We have the utmost confidence in you. And we hope you have the same in yourself. Oh, I'm absolutely certain she does. I am not confident about this at all! Well, that's what I thought. I was being sarcastic before. What? This is all so predictable. Now's the part where you all tell little Sparkle here that everything is going to be fine. But she won't believe you. I don't need to be here for this. It's just, I know I said yes, but then they said "in a few days" and there's still so much to figure out. It's all happening so fast! I think I need some... OK. I'll feel much better... Once you make a plan? Oh. Wow. It's like you... Knew you were going to react this way? We did. Classic Twilighting. "Twilighting?" You... you made me a verb? It's not a bad thing, we just know you have a process. Stage one. You get big news, and you're like "No!" But then you pace, and you chart, you worry. It's OK. You go ahead and "Twilight" and we'll be here for you. You're all acting so calm, but this is a big deal! What will we do if something big happens and the princesses aren't there to help? Um... If you think about it, they literally almost never help. Huh. And we still always win. Like when Sombra almost took back the Crystal Empire, or when Chrysalis pretended to be Cadance, or when Tirek came back and absorbed all the magic, or the other time Chrysalis tried to take over, or with Cozy Glow and the school. Am I missing anything? Pony of Shadows. Starlight when she was evil. Discord when he was evil. Do Flim and Flam count? See? We've almost always done things without the princesses' help. Which makes sense now because it was all just training for you to take over. And it worked. I mean, if you think about it, there hasn't been a single villain that we couldn't defeat. Phew. One day, you'll see. I will defeat Twilight Sparkle and her friends, and they will pay for stealing my kingdom! Pssst! Tirek! It is Lord Tirek and what is it now? I just want to make sure you can see my "best friends rock sculpture" from over there. Lord Tirek. A changeling? See? She gets it. Chrysalis, Queen of the Changelings. Or at least I will be when I'm restored to my rightful place. Why did you summon me? What do you want? Oh, golly! We didn't bring you. I thought you freed us from Tartarus. Tartarus? Whoever pulled you from there must have been somepony very powerful, indeed. King Sombra! You have returned? Why did you bring us here? He didn't. It was I. You may call me... Grogar. The Grogar? I thought that you were a legend. I've heard of you! Who? I assure you, I am very real. And you have all been brought here as part of my plan to rid Equestria of Twilight Sparkle and her friends once and for all! Heh heh heh heh. I am so sorry, but the name Grofar just doesn't ring any bells. GROGAR! I have been away too long if my name no longer strikes fear into the heart of one so tiny. Perhaps a demonstration of power is in order? Grogar is ancient and extremely powerful. The land that would become Equestria was a mere collection of farms and pastures until he declared himself Emperor of all he saw. I remember hearing tales of his tyranny when I was young. I have also heard of the first Emperor of Equestria, the "Father of Monsters." I gave life to the foulest of creatures and allowed them to run wild, taking what they wanted and destroying the rest! My reign was a glorious fear-soaked epoch of darkness in Equestria. Ha! Until Gusty the Great rose up and banished you. That fool believed taking my bell would defeat me, but she only weakened me temporarily. Um, Tirek is really old. No offense, you look great. But if he knew about you when he was young, we have super-different ideas about what "temporarily" means. Silence! I have spent millennia gathering power, biding my time, waiting for the perfect opportunity to seize control of Equestria! And watching all of you. I've seen each of your humiliating defeats at the hooves of six puny ponies. And do you know why they've always bested you? Because they cheat. Because they are annoyingly lucky. I'm just a kid, so... It is because they work together. Where one is weak, another is strong and thus unified, they are a formidable force. But we shall use their own strategy to defeat them. What are you suggesting? I suggest nothing. I demand that you join me and together Equestria will be ours! I don't do "ours", I only do MINE. I will take back the Crystal Empire on my own and I will destroy anypony who gets in my way! Such confidence. Go. Try to take back your kingdom. I shall send you there myself. If you prevail, you may keep it. But when you fail, you will submit to me. And if I refuse this... deal? Then I shall return you to the darkness from which you were summoned. Fine. But this is a waste of time, as I will crush those who defy me. I will defeat all who get in my way. I... I advise the rest of you to prepare to work together. Well, working together sounds an awful lot like making friends, so you two are in luck because I know all about that. Twi? You in here? With the school closed for the summer, I didn't think anypony would be here. So much to do, not enough time. No! I already did that. Wait. Nope. I didn't. OOOH, NOT ENOUGH TIME! HELP! She's spiraling. We're at the "my plan needs a plan" stage of a Total Twilight Melt Down. Oh. Got it. Twilight? Did I write down "eliminate redundant lists" on my School of Friendship to-do list, or my personal to-do list? TWILIGHT! Gah! Starlight! Oh, good, you're here. I need to talk to you. Oh-kay. Hang on, I had "talk to Starlight" written down on one of these. Just let me find it so I can cross it off. Wow, you are Twilighting hard. You say Twilighting too? Well, excuse me, but this is the first time I've ever been asked to run A WHOLE KINGDOM! You're right. You're right. So what did you want to talk to me about? Ah here it is. I wrote it down. Starlight, you have blossomed into one of the strongest, smartest, most caring ponies I know and I can't think of anypony better to leave in charge of my castle and the School of Friendship. So what do you think? WHAT? You want me to take care of the castle and RUN THE SCHOOL? Yes. I can't! I'm not ready! Remember what happened the last time you left me in charge? And now you want me to do it PERMANENTLY? What if I don't do the right things? What if... Starlight! Get a hold of yourself. You've risen to every challenge you've ever faced. You can do anything you put your mind to. You've got this. Ha! And so do you! See what I did there? You just said everything you need to hear. Ha ha ha! Nice try, but running a school and running a country are two very different things! Now if you don't mind, I have 7,432 more things to take care of before I become the new Ruler of Equestria! It was a valiant effort. The guard says Sombra's breached the castle! Hurry, Twilight! We need you! Do you have Flurry Heart? I thought you had her! Agh! Mama! You won't get away with this. Oh, but I already have! Ha ha ha ha. With the Cyrstal heart now in my possession, there is nothing to stop me from ruling the Crystal Empire. Kneel before Sombra! Ah. Long live the King. Thanks for coming so quickly. Sure thing, but if you're going to be the ruler of Equestria, you may want to work on your penmanship. This looks like it says, "Cadance sent an emergency message. Sombra's back and he's taking over the Crystal Empire." That's exactly what it says! But. But how is that possible? I thought the Crystal Heart had dispelled him into the Ether! I have no idea, but he's back and it's up to us to save the Empire and my family! Shouldn't somepony tell Celestia and Luna? Oooh. Good point. One of us should probably loop in the real rulers of Equestria. No. If we're going to run Equestria, we'll need to handle things like this on our own. Oh, Twilight! Could this mean that you finally have the confidence to ascend to the throne like the princesses believe you can? Maybe. Unless you'd consider taking care of Sombra for us? Oh, no no no no no. You were absolutely right. You need to learn how to handle these things on your own. Ta-tah. Handling things on our own is all well and good, but last time we defeated Sombra with the Crystal Heart. What if he has it already? How are we gonna stop him? With the Elements of Harmony! With those, we can defeat anypony, even Sombra! Ah no no no no. You didn't need the "Elements" the last time you defeated Sombra. And I'm not sure using them still counts as handling things on your own. My family is in danger. I'm not taking any chances. She's got a point. Ugh. Fine. What's his problem? Starlight, can you stay here and take care of the school? I've got you covered. It's cute that you think that will do anything. It might not, but they will. Cavalry's here! How can I be surprised when I'm waiting to show all of you your greatest fear? Oh, Twilight. How disappointing. Equestria was in your care and you let it be destroyed. You should all surrender. Nothing can defeat your own fears. We didn't need to defeat them. We just needed to face them long enough to distract you! NO! It's cute that you think that will do anything. You may have won the battle, but I shall win the war! Ya hoo hoo hoo! We totally just wiped the castle with that guy. Thanks, Twily. That was fun! And easy. As magical battles go, that was a cakewalk. Mhmmm, "cakewalk". We did handle this pretty well on our own. Does this mean...? I still don't feel like I'm one hundred percent ready, but will I ever? Knowing you? Nope. I have you guys, and we have the Elements, and together, we've never failed. We'll be OK. Once again, Equestria is safe. What should we do to celebrate? I vote for a cakewalk! What's going on? I don't know. Sync corrections by srjanapala ♪ My Little Pony ♪ ♪ My Little Pony ♪ ♪ My Little Pony ♪ ♪ Friends ♪ d h x 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 