My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic: Season 9, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic 
 s9e12 - The Last Crusade - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic (2010–…): Season 9, Episode 12 - The Last Crusade - full transcript 
 Unexpected visitors to Ponyville threaten to break up the Cutie Mark Crusaders forever! Will the Crusaders stay together or will they be forced to learn a valuable lesson about friendship? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Cutie Mark Crusaders! Cutie Mark Crusaders! Cutie Mark Crusaders! Cutie Mark Crusaders! We're at my house! I got my cutie mark! You did? That's great, Skeedaddle! Yeah! What's it for? Knot tying! And I never would've gotten it  without all of you! Did we suggest knot-tying? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 First, I tried sailing, like you said. Next, I tried fishing, like YOU said. Then I tried rowing, like you said.  But my oar broke. So I used my fishing line to tie it back together... AND I GOT MY CUTIE MARK! I can't wait to tell EVERYPONY! Yay! - Yeah! - Woohoo! Oh, how exciting! You three truly have a gift for helping ponies. Aw, thanks, Aunt Holiday. But I'm not sure we can take credit for this one. Of course, you can! You encouraged that colt to try new things. And because you all believed in him, he succeeded. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I could use that kind of help. C'mon, Auntie Lofty. You already HAVE your cutie mark. Lot of good it does me. I can't decide what theme to give this quilt. I've run out of inspiration. How about apples? Puppies? Kites! Or cotton candy? Or ballet! What about a Wonderbolt quilt? Ha ha! See? Leave it to you three to come up with more ideas than I've had in a year. Now that's talent! Goodness, we'd better get going or we'll miss our train home. I left you plenty of healthy food for the weekend. And I left you cookies. The Cakes will stay with you tonight, then Rarity, and Rainbow Dash after that. Remember, we're just a few stops from Ponyville - if you need us. - She knows, Holiday! See you next week, slugger. Bye, Aunt Holiday! Bye, Auntie Lofty! Your aunts are so nice! Yeah! It's really cool they watch you while your parents are gone. I know! I just wish they lived closer. Nopony bakes like Auntie Lofty! They're coming home today! - Who? - MY PARENTS! ♪ My little pony, my little pony ♪ ♪ Aaaahhh ♪ ♪ My little Pony ♪ ♪ I used to wonder what friendship could be. ♪ ♪ My Little Pony ♪ ♪ Until you all shared its magic with me. ♪ ♪ Big adventure! ♪ ♪ Tons of fun ♪ ♪ A beautiful heart! ♪ ♪ Faithful and strong! ♪ ♪ Sharing kindness ♪ ♪ it's an easy feat ♪ ♪ And magic makes it all complete! ♪ ♪ To have my little pony ♪ ♪ Do you know you're all my very best ♪ ♪ friends? ♪ *MY LITTLE PONY FRIENDSHIP IS MAGIC* Season 09 Episode 12 Episode Title: " The Last Crusade" Today we're going to learn about the Pegasus Weather Factory. Once everypony is in their seats. The factory specializes in snow, rain, sunshine, and... Ahem! Scootaloo. May I help you? I just noticed your erasers needed dusting! Why don't we hold off on the lesson until after lunch? How about show and tell? Does anypony have any... My parents are coming home to Ponyville today! Wait. They don't live here? Nope. Their jobs are way too important for that. They travel to the farthest, most dangerous places in Equestria to study unknown plants and fierce creatures. And what they learn helps pony science and medicine! I'd go with them, but it's too dangerous. Once, my mom had to wing-wrestle a wyvern! And my dad got trapped in a chimera's cave for three moons! He still has the scars to prove it. Pffft! You're making that up. Nopony has THAT kind of job. It's a CRAGADILE! Easy there, Marshmallow. Time you were in your crate for your nap! And that means now, mister! Mom! Dad! Still think she's makin' it all up? Nuh-uh! Everypony, meet my parents: Snap Shutter and Mane Allgood. Huh! Sorry to make such an entrance. Just brought back a few mates from our last adventure. We couldn't wait another moment to see Scootaloo! I hope we didn't interrupt anything. No, I... think class is dismissed. Crikey! You're nearly as tall as me now, Scoot! Aw, c'mon, Dad. Oh, Scootaloo. We missed you! Me too, Mom! Did you get all my letters? And read them twenty times! But they're never as good as the real thing. It's so good to see you. I say we celebrate with ice cream sundaes! They don't have THOSE in the jungle, that's for sure. Why don't you all come? Our treat! And Princess Twilight said we're such good friendship tutors, she might even let us teach a class! Good on ya, Scoot! What an honor! I can give you a tour of the school if you want! I mean, if you're staying for a while this time. Oh, you'll be seeing plenty of us. Really? Mm hm. Because we've taken a new job assignment that will let ALL of us live together. I can't believe it! That's awesome! - All right, Scootaloo! - Woo hoo! We never planned to be away for so long in the first place. We just kept discovering things that could help Equestria, and nopony else had the experience to finish our job. But with all that's happened lately: Sombra's return, the destruction of the Tree of Harmony, we decided our family should be together. This is the best day of my life. We'll stay in town for the weekend so you can pack your things. Wait... WHAT? We're all moving to Shirelanka. That's where our new job is. But... my friends are in Ponyville! You can come back and visit 'em. Or they can take the train to us. There's one every month. But Scootaloo can't leave! We've been together our whole lives! It'll be a big change for everypony. But it'll be a good change! Give it time; you'll see. The only thing I see... is the end of the Cutie Mark Crusaders! I now call our last ever Cutie Mark Crusader meeting to order. First item of business, cry! You can't let the blank flanks down just cause I'm gone. You gotta keep being CMCs without me! How? There's only two of us. Maybe you can find a replacement for me. No, we can't! You're the only you! Nothin's gonna be the same. Who's gonna ride their scooter ahead of us everywhere we go? Or... or put on plays with us? Or go camping with us? Or just... hang out with us? Well, it's worse for me! I have to say goodbye to BOTH of you! Guess who just got three front-row tickets to the Wonderbolts show next week? Uh, that is NOT the reaction I was expecting. Thanks for the tickets, Rainbow Dash. But I can't go. Her parents are making her move super far away from Ponyville! What? No way! Scootaloo belongs HERE! And now we'll probably never see her again! It's HOPELESS! Whoa whoa whoa. I cannot believe you're giving up so easily! You're the Cutie Mark Crusaders! Solving tough problems is what you do! We are pretty good at coming up with ideas. That's right! When we work together, we're unstoppable! I can't believe we didn't think of it before! It's list time, y'all! First question, why do Scootaloo's parents want to move to Shirelanka? That's where their new job is. What if we get them a job here instead? Yeah! They like dangerous creatures, right? We gotta have some of those around here. Like... Timberwolves! Dad knows all about those. And cockatrices, and bugbears. They only study super-rare animals. Then maybe we need to give them an animal nopony's ever heard of! Uh then how would we hear about it? Because we're making it up! C'mon! So... you want these tickets, or...? ♪♪ This is what I wanted to show you! The tracks of the mysterious Everfree Banshee Beast. Hmm, they're like nothing I've ever seen. Legend says it has five claws and three wings, and it's super-dangerous if you get close. If only somepony could prove it exists! Hmm. Easy enough. We'll follow the spoor. I think I heard something this way! ♪ ♪ So the plan is, we let 'em get a picture, then we hide again, right? Now the plan is run! Whoa! Heh-heh. Guess you solved the mystery. We'd better get back. There's a lot to get ready before the house goes up for sale tomorrow. Don't worry, Scootaloo. We have a NEW plan to keep you in Ponyville. We just gotta show your parents we're a set of three! Then they'll have to let you stay here with us! Scoot? Are these yours? Yeah, thanks, Dad. We're sending them to the Pony Book of Records. We're the only three ponies in Equestria with the SAME cutie mark! The chances of that are so rare, it means we belong together, forever! Yeah, but you don't have the same cutie mark. Uh, sure we do! Look! Well, this part is the same, but the picture inside, each of these is different. I think it means you'll stay best friends, no matter where you go. And that's really special. But... we... How do you argue with that? All right, y'all. Time to take things up a notch. With prune juice? It's a potion I mixed up from Zecora's book! Prune is only ONE of the ingredients. What's it do? On this potion, please depend. Any separation, mend. Friends together till the end! We just gotta dab a little on our hooves. Sounds perfect, right? Better than perfect! ♪♪ Is something supposed to happen? Is THIS the something that's supposed to happen? The book didn't really say. Whoa! Thanks for trying, Apple Bloom. But I might as well face it. I'm gonna have to leave Ponyville. Don't give up, Scootaloo. This just gave me an even BETTER idea how to keep you here. C'mon! Whoa! Maybe we'd better see Zecora about fixing this first. We're running out of time. This HAS to work! Scootaloo? I know you're having fun with your friends, but we need to get all our things to the station. We can't miss tomorrow's train. It's the only one for a month. Then you'll just have to go without me! I'm staying with the CMCs! We are chained to this post! And nuthin' and nopony is gonna move us, no matter... What. We just sold the house, Scoot. I know this is hard to accept, but... It's more than hard! It's not fair! You're making me pick between my family and my friends. Oh, Scootaloo. Moving away won't stop you three from caring about each other. Why don't you sleep over with Sweetie Belle and Apple Bloom tonight? It'll give you a chance to say a real goodbye. But I don't WANT to say goodbye! You're changing my whole life without even asking how I feel! Scootaloo! Where are you going? To stay with my aunts. You heard my parents! There isn't another train to Shirelanka for a month. If I'm not on it, they'll have to go without me. Then we're comin' with ya! Are you sure? I don't want to get you in trouble. Rarity won't be mad. Applejack neither! I bet she'd do the same thing for her friends. You're the best, you know that? WE'RE the best. Together! Scootaloo! What a nice surprise! And I've got a surprise for you! You three inspired me to finish my quilt. See? It's Cutie Mark Crusader themed! We love hearing stories about all the ponies you've helped. So Lofty decided to celebrate the special job you three do! It's still a work in progress. It's not your quilt we're sad about, Auntie Lofty. Mom and Dad are back. And they're making me move to Shirelanka with them! Snap and Mane are back? They didn't tell me that! Oh. I think the mailpony delivered your letter to my house. I love my family! But I love being with my friends, too. I don't want to have to choose. Well then, why don't your parents just stay in Ponyville? Their job is too important. That's it! Is this another potion idea? No! Scootaloo's parents are the only ponies in Equestria that can do what they do, right? Right. Well, so are we! Our cutie marks prove it! Yeah! Our job is to help other ponies find their purpose! And nopony else can do that! So, if my parents split us up, it'd be just as bad as them quitting their jobs! Woohoo! Now how do we explain that to 'em? Oh, you don't have to explain it. THEY will. Feeling better, Scootaloo? A little. I just wanna show you something before we go. All right, but let's make it swift. That train won't wait. Sweet Celestia's slippers! What is all this? It's Cutie Mark Crusader Appreciation Day! But we couldn't start without all of them here! CMCs! CMCs! CMCs! CMCs! CMCs! CMCs These three ponies share a rare ability to help others find their true purpose. It's a job only they can do, and only together. That sounds familiar. In honor of all they have done and continue to do for the ponies of this town, I would like to present the Cutie Mark Crusaders with a three-handled key to the city! A full Wonderbolt salute? Oh, I'm not sure you know just how important Scootaloo and her friends are, little brother! But you're about to find out. The CMCs used their free time to set up a camp to help us blank flanks find our cutie marks. The Cutie Mark Crusaders see the best in everypony. Even when that pony can't see it in themselves. Well, I'll be a three-tailed bandicoot. I had no idea how important Scoot's club was. Oh, it's way more than just a club. The CMCs have made a difference for everypony here. And not just ponies! They help everycreature. Whether it's encouraging others to discover their special talent. Or inspiring them to do what's in their heart. These three fillies offer the town something no other pony can. No way! After all that, you're still gonna make her leave? We just want what's best for Scootaloo. And until now... we thought we knew what that was. Turns out, you're just like us, Scoot. You have an important job that only you can do. You love it, and it helps all of Equestria. Sometimes that means missing out on other things you love. Like watching our daughter grow into a pony we're very proud of. Which is a long way to say: Scoot, if you want to stay, we understand. Really? Thanks, Dad. Thanks, Mom! Oh, sweetie. I'm just sorry we didn't realize it sooner. Our work is our life's purpose. We could never quit. So there's no way we could ask you to do the same. Maybe you should've thought of that BEFORE you sold the house. Lofty, don't tease my brother! We already have a solution worked out. Since the CMCs make Ponyville such a nice place, we've decided to move here. You can live with us, Scootaloo. If you'd like. That would be amazing! Will you... still come and visit? Of course! Rabid bugbears couldn't keep us away. You get to stay here! You get to stay here! You get to stay here! Uh, you are staying here, right? Are you kidding? CMCs forever! Woohoo! ♪ My Little Pony! ♪ Sync corrections by srjanapala ♪ My Little Pony! ♪ ♪ My Little Pony! ♪ ♪ Friends! ♪ D h x 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 