Face Off: Season 13, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Face Off 
 s13e1 - Face Your Fears - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Face Off (2011–…): Season 13, Episode 1 - Face Your Fears - full transcript 
 In the season premiere of Face Off, twelve of your favorite artists return to the competition with a twist: this time they're battling. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  .  [dramatic music]  - "Face Off" is back   and the game has changed.  Some of your favorite artists   have returned,  but this time, they'll be   battling head-to-head.  - It's on.  ? ?  - This is   "Face Off: Battle Royale."  [cheering]  [exciting music]  ? ?  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - "Face Off" is back, baby.  I'm Kevon, and I was   on season nine of "Face Off."  Last time I was here,   I had this tendency  to go very big and weird,  and this time I'm gonna avoid   those things completely  because that is   my danger zone.  I've grown tremendously   as an artist,  so let's see   what's gonna happen.  ? ?  - My name is Jordan.   I'm from season nine.  My last time around  I was cut short right   before the finale,  but it's not gonna   happen this time.  Since leaving "Face Off,"   my best friend and I  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 created our own show   about redneck zombies.  This time around   I'm looking to make  all of my creatures   twice as good as the best one  that I did on my season,   and I'm ready to prove  that I've got what it takes   to make it all the way.  - Dude, what's up?  - Hey!   - Oh!  ? ?  - I'm Derek, and I was   a finalist on season three.  On my season the audience   picked the winner,  and I still wonder,   if the judges picked,  if there was gonna be   a different outcome.  Being a finalist   gave my career a big boost.  I've been getting a lot of work   on TV shows,  commercials,   and I just got off a movie.  My biggest success, however,   has been my son, Lucas.  I'm grateful to be back, and I   fully intend to win this time.  ? ?  - Sasha!   - Damien!  Whoo!  - I love monsters,   and I'm so ready to be here.  I'm Kelly.   I'm from season eight,  and I'm kooky and crazy.  Oh, kooky Kelly!  But this time   I want to make it to finals.  Conceptually,   I've always been good,  but when it comes   to time management,  it's definitely something   I need to check myself with.  I get a second chance, and I'm   not gonna [bleep] this up.  ? ?  - I'm Walter, and I was   a season ten finalist.  Since the competition   I was hired  to do a bunch   of really cool demos,  and I taught   some workshops in China,  but my career just isn't   where I want it to be.  Losing the finale   was a major blow  because I put out   my best makeup  and it wasn't good enough.  This is my second opportunity,   and I don't want to waste it.  ? ?  - Mel is back in the building.  I'm Mel,   and I was on season ten.  After my season I actually got  to work on a film  and a video for Kanye West   as a designer,  and I'm excited to apply   that practical knowledge  because being eliminated  just before the finale   is real motivation.  I'm bringing my A-game  and trying to freak out   a little less.  I'm still gonna freak out,  but it's gonna be a little less. - Walter Welsh.   - Melter Skelter.  How are your little legs   so much faster than mine?  [dramatic music]  - All right.   - Kevon.  Mel: We walk out   and see McKenzie.  My heart starts racing   a little bit  because she's gonna tell us   what's coming next.  - Hey, Graham.  ? ?  - Good evening, All-Stars,  and welcome back to "Face Off."  - Whoo!   - Whoo!  - Since this is   our 13th season,  your challenges   will explore the mysteries  of the number 13, superstitions,  and the supernatural.  [indistinct chatter]  And because you're All-Stars,  we're introducing   a whole new type  of competition this season:   battles.  ? ?  - What does that mean?   - All right, so here's  how this is gonna work.  In every challenge   you will compete head-to-head  against another artist,  and the judges   will choose a winner  and loser from that battle  to determine each week's   top and bottom looks.  Kelly: It's about to get crazy.  I'm nervous as all hell,   but I am so ready.  - Now, because we do need   even numbers  for this competition,  we won't be eliminating   someone every week.  Instead, we will eliminate   two of you every other week.  ? ?  - On my season there was never   any double eliminations,  so I don't know   what that's like,  but it sounds pretty brutal.  - So how about we get  into your first   Spotlight Challenge?  - Yes.  - Unconventional design   and outside-the-box thinking  are at the heart   of the filmmaker  at the core   of this week's challenge,  visionary director  and creature designer   Guillermo del Toro.  - What?   - What?  Damien: It's super exciting.  I'm a huge del Toro fan.   I love all of his movies.  I really want   to make something  that looks like it can live   in his world.  - Now, Guillermo's iconic   creations like the Pale Man  from "Pan's Labyrinth"  and the Angel of Death from   "Hellboy 2" follow the idea  that in order to make   a truly terrifying character,  you have to break up   a human form.  Now, this design mantra   has allowed him  to create truly   unsettling characters,  helping his work tiptoe  that fine line   between horror and fantasy.  So for your first   Spotlight Challenge  you will each be choosing   a classic fairy tale character  and rearranging   their human form  to make a terrifying creation  that would feel right at home   in a Guillermo del Toro film.  - Okay.   - What?  [laughter]  - Fairy tale creatures   are awesome, but del Toro?  That's sweet.  I'm really excited   to get into it.  - So next to me are 12 masks,  2 for each   fairy tale character,  so when you choose a mask,  you're not just selecting   a character  but also your competitor   for this challenge.  Yvonne, you're up first.  ? ?  - J.M. Barrie's Tinker Bell.   - Oh.  ? ?  - Hans Christian Anderson's   the Little Mermaid.  ? ?  - The Gingerbread Man.  - J.M. Barrie's Captain Hook.  - Kenneth Graham's Mr. Toad.  - The Gingerbread Man.  ? ?  - Mr. Toad.  - Humpty Dumpty.  - Tinker Bell.   - The Little Mermaid.  Graham, it's on.  - Humpty Dumpty.  - [laughs]  - Captain Hook.  ? ?  - All right, so our   head-to-head battles this week  are Yvonne versus Matt,  Mel versus Jordan,   Graham versus Sasha...  - You're going down.   - Ooh.  - Damien versus Jo,   Walter versus Kelly,  and Derek versus Kevon.   - Watch out.  ? ?  - All right, guys,   it's time to get started.  Spend some time   in this beautiful place  to work on your designs tonight. Good luck, everyone.   Bye.  - Bye.   - Thanks.  - Bye.  ? ?  - All right.   - Who'd you get?  - I got the, uh, Tinker Bell.   - Nice.  - I'm Matt,   and I was on season two.  After being on "Face Off,"   my career blew up.  I started a company where   we cater to the haunt, horror, and theme park industry,  and I've really evolved   as an artist  with cleaner makeup  and much better   conceptual design.  I like to be referred to   as a conceptual assassin,  so we'll see what happens.  I get J.M. Barrie's   Tinker Bell,  and I want to do   a very abstract beauty makeup  with classic swirls  that del Toro puts   into his makeups,  and I'm going to remove   her eyes to give it  that elegant yet twisted   horror look.  I want to make   a huge statement  with this first challenge.  ? ?  - Who do you have?   - Tinker Bell.  I'm Yvonne from season ten,  and I made it pretty close   to the finale.  I really want to push myself   farther than I did last time,  and I've definitely been   refining my skills,  especially with   realistic makeups.  Everything before   that I doubted myself,  I'm more confident,  and so hoping   that brings me all the way.  My concept for Tinker Bell  is Peter Pan forgot   about her in Neverland,  and she died   from a broken heart,  so I want to make her  the scary ghost character   without eyes  because she cried   her eyes out.  I'm trying not to focus   on what Matt is doing  or overthink   the whole battle thing,  but it is very intimidating,  so I'm gonna stick   to my gut instincts  and just make   a cohesive character.  Welcome to Tinker hell.  ? ?  Damien: My name's Damien.  I was on season seven,  and it's been a awesome,   awesome ride since then.  I've gotten to work   on all sorts of productions,  including "Sharknado 3,"  and I've been a full-time   painter at Immortal Masks.  I've taken in a lot of new   information and techniques  and pushed myself   a lot further,  so I think   I might have a chance  if I push myself hard enough.  So I chose Mr. Toad,   and the concept that I land on is that he's a snooty,   car-driving toad.  I want to give him   some frog eyes,  and then I'm gonna   make my model  see through the nose,   and I'm battling Jo.  I know that she's   a fantastic artist,  and I know that she's gonna be   a good contender.  ? ?  - I'm Jo. I was on the very   first season of "Face Off."  It's really exciting   to be back.  It's almost like   a weird daydream or fantasy.  The competition definitely   kick-started my career.  I had the opportunity to work   on the first three seasons  of "American Horror Story,"   which was really fun.  It's an honor to be considered  an All-Star,  but it's a little   nerve-racking knowing  that everyone is here   for redemption, essentially,  so it is a battlefield.  Mr. Toad was a dirty bird.  - Yes.   - He did many bad things.  I chose Mr. Toad.  This is a character that's   always getting into trouble,  so he's going to be   a prisoner style of Mr. Toad.  I'm going to drop   the eyes down  to get that abstract feel  of these Guillermo del Toro   characters,  and I'm trying to show   the judges something  that they can go,   "Well, that's interesting,"  and really draw them in.  - Oh, yeah, ooh, look at that.  That's fun. I'm Sasha.   I'm from season seven.  Since competing on "Face Off," I've gained a lot   of experience,  but the coolest thing   that I did was one  of Heidi Klum's makeups   for Halloween.  I'm expecting   some intense challenges  because we're all   experienced now,  but I'm ready to take on   whatever is thrown at me.  ? ?  I got the Little Mermaid.   I'm so excited.  I want to create gills   and really beautiful shapes  that remind me   of Guillermo del Toro.  She wants to live on land,   but she still has this tail,  so she's in a wheelchair.  I would really like to win   this first battle,  and this is totally up   my alley,  so I'm really hoping   that I can pull off  what I'd like to pull off.  ? ?  - Well, it's me,   Graham Schofield.  I'm from season six,   and since I've been gone  I phased out   of teaching makeup  and landed a job   being the lead painter at one  of L.A's bigger prop houses.  I'm battling Sasha,   and thinking  about her creating a mermaid   makes me intimidated  because she has   a fantastic style,  and this is not   my type of makeup,  and I'm not sure the direction  I need to go.  I don't know   what I'm gonna do.  I really need to impress   the judges to make them think  that I deserve to be   on an All-Star season.  - Hey, guys, let's go.  - I feel my heart beating   a little bit.  I really don't want my first   impression to go down bad.  ? ?  McKenzie: The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip from   Kryolan Professional Make-Up  to one of their 85   international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  [exciting music]  ? ?  - Remember this?   - Yeah, kind of.  We're just getting into   the lab, and it's awesome.  ? ?  There's a whole new lab in here. Being here is crazy.   It's been so long.  Looking at the products,  we have so much more   than what I had before.  ? ?  - All right, you guys want   to come pick our models out?  - Oh, yeah.   - Let's do it.  ? ?  - This is   a really cool challenge.  I picked J.M. Barrie's   Captain Hook,  and I want the cowl shape   to be the--  that shape   of the captain's hat  and have the hand curling   into the shape of a hook.  - I like that. I like that foam.  - Yeah? Thanks, man.  I'll check out yours.  - I'm feeling nervous   because I think Derek  is about to execute   a very powerful makeup,  so I really have my work   cut out for me.  Instead of him being  so creaturesque, I'm thinking he did  all the alterations himself. I have this idea   where Captain Hook  has taken skin grafts   from a crocodile  and surgically attached them   to his face  in kind of a protective fashion. He also uses the hooks  to pull all this back. - Oh, got you.  - Graham,   how's your mermaid going?  - Oh, yeah,   I'm doing a mermaid.  - I'm almost done.  ? ?  - To know that you're battling  one of your friends,  it's a strange feeling   'cause, you know,  you might send them home   from doing too well,  which I don't mind doing.  Graham-style mermaid,   we're gonna take  the beautiful part   and put it on the bottom,  and take the fish,   put it on the top.  I'm thinking about Abe Sapien   from "Hellboy"  and "Hellboy 2," so in my case   I'm making a Babe Sapien.  - [gasps]   Oh, it's so cool.  I love it.   - Thanks.  I don't think she loves it.  I think that was patronizing.  ? ?  - Take out some aggression.   [grunting softly]  Humpty Dumpty was given   to the gods representing life,  but Chaos shattered it   on the ground,  so the gods couldn't   put it together,  but evil could.  So the pile of shell and guck  comes rising up   into this demon.  It can get corny,   so I have to do it right.  Yeah, I like that.  ? ?  - Welcome back, everybody.  - Hi.   - Hello.  The Oscar and Emmy award-winning  Michael Westmore comes in.  He's the man, and it's nice  to get a little bit of feedback. My idea is he's  a very noble knight, but he has that disease   when people's bones  are very fragile   and they break,  and they're always  putting him back together again. - It's got a lot of detailing  and texturing here  that if you can get some  pre-painting done on that...  - Yeah, absolutely. - It would be wonderful.   - Mm-hmm.  - My basic concept is to have the face  be Gingerbread Man but scary, so I am going to remove   the eyes  and put them in the hands   so she can look like  the pale monster   from "Pan's Labyrinth."  - You've got   a great start here,  but I think you  could even accentuate  because that's gonna  be very subtle  when you finally  get that into latex.  - Yeah.  - So I got  the Gingerbread Man. - Whoa, okay.  - I'm looking to make a fat,   disgusting cookie.  He's been bitten apart,  starting to decay   and get real moldy.  - Just make sure you have  enough of a roll  so it just looks like it's...  - On top of each other, yeah.   - Laying on top of it, yeah.  - I got Mr. Toad,  so I dropped the eyes   extremely low,  put the nose in the middle   of the forehead,  and he can see through   these pockets.  - In just first looking at it,  I get the idea  that they're peeking  through there.  Maybe make a additional one  or two so it--it's--  - A little bit more distracting  to the eye? - 'Cause--yeah, exactly.   - I selected Tinker Bell.  Peter Pan ends up   forgetting about her,  so she dies of sadness   and a broken heart.  - I'm just wondering if all this is a little too cutesy.  You want to give it  a little bit of horrific  a la del Toro and type--  those type of characters.  - Right, yeah, okay.   - Bye, everybody.  - See you.   - Bye, thank you.  - Thank you.  ? ?  - That's time, guys.  - Whoo!  - Yeah!  ? ?  [both screaming]  - Today is the crazy day.  I've got the biggest piece   in the room,  which means it's gonna take   the most time to mold,  so I really got to focus today.  ? ?  - Since I have   a slip latex pull of the face,  it is a great opportunity   for me to hook it to the cowl  because I want it to appear   at a glance  that he has stretched   his skin back to form,  like, this weird,   gnarly smile,  and I think it's gross   and really cool.  ? ?  - When I think   of a gingerbread man,  I think of him   having gumdrop teeth,  so I take the denture teeth   we have in the lab,  and I put them in a cup   with flocking.  They'll give the teeth   the fuzzy look.  Then I put a little bit   of glitter on top,  and they look exactly   like gumdrops.  I love it so much that I'm   gonna do the same thing  with the nose and eyeballs.  - It's so real.   - I know.  - That's awesome.   - It feels like it too.  - Yeah, like,  I just want to eat it.  ? ?  - Spatter city.   - Yeah, getting there.  As my cowl mold's setting up,   I jump into pre-painting.  I start basing it out   with a nice light green,  like, yellow color.  So I know greens,   usually there's lots of, like,  reds and purple undertones,  and just start   going to town trying  to make this thing   look like a toad.  - That's amazing, Damien.   - Thanks.  ? ?  - I have less than 20 minutes, and my mold's   not even cured yet,  but I got to get   this baby out.  But I realize I have a lock,  and I'm like, [bleep].  ? ?  I have one major piece,   so I'm just beast-moding it,  just hammering it   as hard as I can,  and I can't get this to open.  If I don't have   this ready in time,  I don't have anything to put   onstage, and I'm screwed.  ? ?  .  [exciting music]  - I realize I have a lock,   and I'm like,  I got to get this baby out,  and I'm just hammering it   as hard as I can.  I'm talking woman power,   just oomphing that in.  [mold pops]  Finally I rip it apart,   but time's running out,  so I've got to drag   this baby outside  so I can power wash it.  Kevon: You got 13 minutes!  - I don't know if I'm gonna   get this out in time.  - Can I help?   - I would love some help.  All the sudden people keep   rushing from all directions,  scraping and spraying,  but I'm cutting it close.  - 2 1/2 minutes.   - Here, here, here.  [water rushing]  man: 45 seconds.   woman: 45 seconds.  [overlapping shouting]  - Whoo!  Oh, man.  Just in the nick of time.  Thank you, guys.   You're the [bleep].  - Well done.   Well done to all of you.  Kelly: I'm feeling so relieved,  but I also have no idea  how my piece is gonna   turn out tomorrow.  ? ?  [indistinct chatter]  - Whoo!  ? ?  - These are nasty.   I like them.  ? ?  - Ah! Whoo!  - Is that the sound   of the models?  [both squeal]  - Dude, good to see you.   - What we got going on today?  - You're gonna be  this frog man. Derek: Before I apply   all my pieces,  I need to make a crazy   hook hand out of silicone.  Ready?   - Ready.  Derek: I put some armature wire   on the long fingers  so I could bend it   in the shape of a hook,  and I just have him   lay his hand in the mold.  All right, perfect.  Got a glove.   - Sweet.  - Trying to blend that  into this and make it look the same.   - Right.  - It's gonna be  quite a challenge. My face is silicone.   My cowl is foam latex.  I have to somehow blend this   perfectly in together  so that you can't tell   the difference,  and that's a hard thing to do. So I've got to do  all these different layers   on the foam latex  just to meet the translucency   of the silicone.  It's so hard  to blend this foam. ? ?  Kelly: Because there was still  some clay in my mold,  there's definitely   some patchwork  and big chunks to fix.  Thankfully, my sculpt   is really jagged,  so I think this can work.  Like Bob Ross says,   there's no mistakes,  just happy accidents.  - Okay, okay, looking good.  I'm spending extra time   on applying the face  because this is my main piece, and I really want to make sure   that it's perfect.  - What?  - Matt's piece is looking   really cool,  which is very intimidating  'cause he's my battle partner, so I'm hoping once I paint it  that it'll definitely   bring out more scariness  to this character.  ? ?  Matt: I'm painting my model   head to toe,  and that is a lot of work.  I start base-coating   with Kryolan Aquacolor.  Then I start mottling   with a light brown  to get in all the shadows   and features.  I do believe   I'll get all this done.  At what quality, though?  That's the ultimate equalizer.  ? ?  Jordan: With this   Gingerbread Man,  the paint's gonna be   really essential,  so I start off by laying down   a dark brown  and then dry-brushing a white   over top of that.  After that I go into all   the bite wounds on him  and start laying down   this real moldy blue color.  It's really starting   to look pretty nasty.  If I pull off the rest   of this paint scheme  the way I've got it in my head,  I think I've got a shot   at winning this battle.  ? ?  - I need to start painting   some of my darker color in.  For my color palette   I'm thinking greens  and iridescence,   but it's not exactly working,  and I'm just covering her   in paint  trying to figure out   a direction to go with it.  I want to make you greener  on the outside and paler on the inside. The idea was to keep it natural, but I'm putting   so much paint on it.  I don't know what I can do   to save this.  ? ?  - I feel way behind.  Time is running out,   and I'm pretty worried.  I'm battling Kelly,  and it looks like she got   a lot of painting done.  - All right, guys, that's time.  - Whoo!   - Ooh, so slimy.  - Leaving the lab, I have just   the base coat on my makeup,  but we'll see what happens   in Last Looks.  I just got to do better   than Kelly.  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - Go ahead and have a seat, man. We have one hour   in Last Looks,  and that hour goes by   like lightning.  I have to dress my model  and just finalize   last-minute touch-ups.  Dude, I think your pants   are at the lab.  And then I go   to dress my model,  and I realize that the pants   are not there.  Oh, my God, I--ugh!  You cannot be a badass-looking   Hook without pants.  Does anyone have black pants  they're not using?   - I have something.  I think you could use it.   - Thank you.  I cut it up.  I wrap it around   my model's legs.  I tuck it into his boots,   and I think I dodged a bullet.  This is such high stress.  ? ?  - I'm gonna work on your lips.  This is battle number one,  and it's very important for me  to make a statement,  so I'm doing some more textural, organic features   onto my character  to really bring home   that del Toro accent.  ? ?  Mel: Time is flying,   and I'm putting  my Gingerbread Man eyes   in the hands,  but I'm nervous   because I don't know  if it's enough to be   a winning makeup  because Jordan's makeup   is looking really cool.  Just, like, hold it there   for a second.  - All right, guys, 15 minutes.  ? ?  - That's time, guys.  - Holy moly.   God, dude.  Sasha: Time is up,   and I'm really worried  because this is not   what my vision looked like.  I don't think I have a shot   at all of winning this battle. This is--it's not   what I wanted it to be.  .  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  - Good evening, All-Stars.  Welcome back to the "Face Off"   Reveal Stage.  You know our very talented   series judges.  Owner of Alchemy Studios,   Mr. Glenn Hetrick.  - Hello, it's nice to see   all of you back again.  - Hey, Glenn.  - Oscar and Emmy award-winning   makeup artist, Ms. Ve Neill.  - Welcome back, dudes.   [laughter]  - And of course,   creature and concept designer,  Mr. Neville Page.  - Hello, guys.   - Hey, Neville.  - Now, before we see   your creations,  I have a huge surprise for you.  We have a very special guest   joining us tonight.  He's an incredibly talented   actor and one of Hollywood's  most sought-after   creature suit performers.  He also happens to be   a frequent collaborator  of Guillermo del Toro's...  - No way.   - Having starred in many  of his most iconic films  like "Hellboy," "Hellboy 2,"   and "Pan's Labyrinth."  Please welcome a member   of the "Face Off" family,  the incomparable,   the amazing Doug Jones.  [cheers and applause]  Yay! Hi!   - Hi.  - Yeah! Doug Jones?   That's--le swoon.  This is so cool.  - Ah, it's so good  to have you here!  - It's so good  to be back here. I'm so glad you mentioned  the family 'cause every time  I come back here to the show I feel like I'm joining  family again... - You are family.   - So, thank you.  - Aw, you're so sweet.   - Thank you, sweetie.  - Hi. Hi. McKenzie: We ready   to see some makeups?  - I'm never not ready  to see makeups. - Fantastic. All right.   Let's get to it.  Go ahead and have a seat.   - Thanks.  ? ?  Hi. - All right, let's get to it.  For your first   Spotlight Challenge,  we asked you to select   a classic fairy tale character  and rearrange its human form  in order to create   a terrifying figure  that would feel right at home   in a Guillermo del Toro film,  so let's take a look  at your frightening   fairy tale characters.  Yvonne and Matt,   you're our first battle.  ? ?  Yvonne: This is really crazy   seeing mine  and Matt's makeups revealed   at the same time.  Seeing them compared   side by side,  I don't feel like I met   the marks for this challenge.  ? ?  Matt: I think my character   reads pretty well,  but Yvonne's makeup   is also really good,  so it could be anybody's game.  ? ?  Damien: I'm super stoked   with Mr. Toad.  He looks great.   I'm feeling really confident.  Definitely would love   to win this.  ? ?  Jo: It's really cool to see   these characters side by side  because it really shows you   how the concepts can go  in completely   different directions  but stay within the same world.  ? ?  - When I compare   the two makeups,  I'm thinking,   just as far as impressions go,  there's more intrigue to mine.  ? ?  Sasha: Seeing it onstage,   it's kind of cool, it's fun.  She's in a wheelchair,   but it's not  what I would have liked   to see out there.  ? ?  Walter: He looked great.  It's a total package,   complete character,  and I think it's much more   of a makeup than Kelly's,  so I'm hoping the judges   see that as well.  ? ?  - I really love   my character,  but Walter put   a lot of work into his,  so I hope that mine   screams del Toro.  ? ?  Derek: I think mine definitely has that kaiju aspect   of "Pacific Rim."  They're both   pretty cool makeups,  so it's gonna be tough   for the judges to pick.  ? ?  Kevon: I know I strayed   outside the box,  but my painting is solid.  The application is solid.  It's my concept that is either   going to make me the victor  or the vanquished on this one.  ? ?  Jordan: I can see all   the detail that I put into it. I can tell that that cookie   texture's on there.  Both makeups look great.   I just really have no idea  what the judges are gonna pick.  ? ?  Mel: I feel confident   in my makeup.  They could not look   more different,  but they share a world,  and it's interesting   seeing them together.  ? ?  - Okay, judges, go ahead   and take a closer look  at tonight's makeups.  ? ?  - Can you smile?   I want to see what happens.  Oh, interesting, yeah, okay.  - She almost looks wooden.   - Yeah.  Doesn't feel very realistic  or authentic   from a skin perspective.  - You know what these swirls   are a callback to  is the Faun   from "Pan's Labyrinth."  Nice del Toro touch.  - I love the palette. - Conceptually,   it's very much in line  with what they were asked to do. - In fact, these are almost   less eyelike than those to me.  ? ?  Pretty authentic as him   being patched together.  - Doesn't go with his challenge,  but it's still a cool makeup.  - Yeah, yeah. - Can I start by saying   Guillermo del Toro?  - Those proportions from the   side are absolutely gorgeous.  - It's awesome.   - Wow.  - Oh, my God, there's, like,   a giant yolk in the back.  - I'm confused   when I first look at it,  but it's detailed as heck,   right?  - Yeah.  My biggest concern   is this does not feel  like it's from   a Guillermo del Toro film.  ? ?  - Looks like somebody's   been eating the gingerbread,  if you know what I mean.  - Yeah.  - The utilization of really   comic proportion here,  I think that's   very well-intentioned.  - Thank you.  ? ?  - The judges have chosen   the winners  and losers of each battle.  Let's find out   who came out on top.  - I'm so scared. - In battle number one,   Yvonne versus Matt,  the winner is...  ? ?  All right, guys,   it's time to get on Twitter  and tell us who made   your favorite frightening  fairy tale character   using #faceoff.  .  - In battle number one,   Yvonne versus Matt,  the winner is Matt.  [applause]   - Thank you.  McKenzie: In battle number two,   Jo versus Damien,  the winner is Damien.  [applause]  In battle number three,   Graham versus Sasha,  the winner is Graham.  [applause]   - Happy for you.  - In battle number four,   Walter versus Kelly,  the winner is Kelly.  [applause]  ? ?  In battle number five,   Derek versus Kevon,  the winner is Derek.  [applause]  And finally,   in battle number six,  Jordan versus Mel,   the winner is Jordan.  [applause]  ? ?  Congratulations   to all our victors.  Now, before the judges   choose the overall winner  of tonight's   Spotlight Challenge,  they would like to speak   with some of you  to find out more   about your work.  Matt, please step forward.  ? ?  - Hello, Matt.   - Hello.  - Tell us about the concept   behind your Tinker Bell idea.  - I know the origins   of fairies  had a very dark beginning,  so I wanted to infuse that   by creating the eyeless look  and bringing some   of the cranial structure out.  - This is a perfect example  of knocking something out   of the park.  - Thank you.  - It feels exactly like   it comes  from a del Toro film to me,  really well done and a lot   of super-original thinking.  - Thank you.  - You didn't go overboard   on the shimmer.  She just has a slight glow  and the nice feminine quality   across her face.  You did a fantastic job   this week.  - Thank you.  - Having played a couple of--   a few--well, a lot  of Guillermo del Toro   characters,  this is a beautiful blend   of so many of them.  The elements of nature   with the forest-like bits  on her, very del Toro.  Beautiful job tonight,   seriously.  - Matt, please step back.  ? ?  - Good job.   - Thanks.  - Kevon, please come forward.  ? ?  - Tell us how this guy   came together.  - I wanted to create   some skin grafts on him  from the crocodile.  I wanted it to surround his face  in a protective fashion,  and he also, as a captain,   wants to be very decorative.  - Upon first view,   I was confused.  - Okay.  - I just think it's  an overall concept issue for me, especially in  a Guillermo del Toro challenge.  I just don't know   that his thumbprint's  on this particular piece.  - Thank you.  - This is just   a cacophony of ideas,  shapes, textures,  all good things,   but it's like, okay, Kevon.  We've seen everything   you can do in one dish.  Now let's reduce it down   to just a few flavors  and really enjoy those senses.  - Okay.  - Kevon, please step back.  - It's great advice.   Thank you.  - Thank you.  ? ?  - Kelly?  ? ?  - Tell us about the concept  of this Humpty Dumpty character. - The gods were given a gift   in the form of an egg.  Chaos got to it first,  and it cracked,   and it shattered.  The mass of goo and shells   just rose up and created this.  - There's a lot of really   beautiful things about this.  You've taken this time,  and you've really   applied yourself,  and you've grown   in your creative concept.  Beautiful ideas,  really enjoyed the storytelling. - Thank you so much.  - This is a face that doesn't   have a whole lot of movement  in it, but this time   it doesn't need it as much  'cause he's got so much   going on in it as it is.  You sculpted a beautiful   and eerie  all at the same time,   very much Guillermo del Toro,  so I think you hit   the assignment right dead on.  - Thank you.  - As much as I like it   from the front,  I like it just as much   in profile,  and it's something   that's extraordinarily unique.  I've never seen it before.  - Thank you.  - Kelly, you can head back.  ? ?  Yvonne, please step up.  ? ?  - Tell us the concept   behind your Tinker Bell.  - Tinker Bell ended up dying   from a broken heart  because Peter Pan forgot   about her in Neverland,  and she cried her eyes out.  - I don't see how this   is a del Toro character.  ? ?  The look on her face   is so fixed,  she almost looks like   she's made out of clay,  and it has, like,   a tree quality to it.  It's a very bizarre concept.  - The anatomy feels   very sketched in.  This is not your best work.  You've got to get straight quick and start giving us   your best stuff.  It's a tough season.  - Yvonne, will you please   step down?  ? ?  All right, thank you, guys.  Will you please head back   to the makeup room  while the judges deliberate?  ? ?  All right, judges,  so let's start  with your favorites tonight.  How about Matt?   Doug: I loved Matt's.  It was reminiscent of  characters I've actually played  for del Toro   both in "Pan's Labyrinth"  and "Hellboy 2," and it was   a nice homage to him.  - See, I think that's just it.  It has the capacity   to be an homage  without being a direct rip-off,  and the shapes combined   with the palette  gave it this appropriate   haunted feel.  - Okay, let's talk   about Kelly's work.  Ve: It was so cool and bizarre,   really neat.  - It felt movie-ready to me...   - Yeah, it did.  - And very del Toro movie-ready. Neville:   She had a strong story,  and the consequenting result  was a very harmonious   character design.  - All right, so,   judges, as you know,  we're not sending   anybody home tonight,  but let's talk about   the bottom looks  because we will be sending   two people home next week.  Let's start with Yvonne.  Glenn: That extraordinarily   distorted makeup  was her confusion manifest   in the sculpture.  She just didn't know   where it was going.  Ve: It was very Halloween   mask-y, like a rubber mask.  Glenn: Yeah.  - There was nothing mobile   about that at all.  - And finally, Kevon.  Neville: It's just   too much stuff.  - It's a shame,   because had he slowed his mind  and picked a few things,  he could have been   very successful.  There's some beautiful work.  He's capable of beautiful work.  - Guillermo del Toro's monsters   have personality,  and this one,   I didn't see personality  'cause you couldn't focus   on a face  to find the personality.  - All right then, judges,   have you made your decision?  - We have.   - Yes.  - Excellent.   Let's bring them back out.  ? ?  Welcome back, guys.  Before we announce the winner,  I want to fill you in  about what exactly   is at stake tonight.  In this season's   non-elimination challenges,  like tonight,  there will be a major prize   on the line.  The winner will receive the help of an industry expert   in the next challenge.  They will be working  side-by-side with you designing, sculpting, fabricating,   whatever you need help with.  Matt: I'm really excited   for this.  I think it's   an awesome opportunity  to have someone   of that caliber  and experience at your side.  - So let's find out  who has won this amazing prize.  Glenn, who is the winner   of this challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  ? ?  .  - Glenn, who is the winner   of this challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  Kelly.  [applause]  This thing performed on every   level for this challenge.  His features were interrupted.  He was terrifying.  He was del Toro,   and the Humpty Dumpty aspect  just came screaming through,   absolutely terrific work.  - It's my first win ever.  - Yes.   - Yeah.  I am so overcome with joy,   and I'm in shock.  I didn't win   a single challenge my season,  and to win the first challenge   in this All-Star season  really feels like I'm here   for a reason, and I'm proud.  - Kelly, congratulations.  I'll introduce you   to your expert  when we kick off   your next challenge.  And, Doug, thank you again   for joining us.  [applause]   - Thank you. Thanks so much.  I love you guys.   Thank you.  - All right, guys, why don't   you go home and get some rest?  Because you are going to need it  for your next challenge.  Good night.  - I'm gonna do whatever it takes  to win this next battle.  I know the judges are expecting   way more from me,  and if I lose another battle,  I'll be on the chopping block   and going home.  - Next time on "Face Off"...  - Do you remember when you were   afraid of monsters  under the bed?  - Monsters.   Okay.  - This guy gets to get his hands  dirty with me.  - Ugh! I can't afford to be   the battle loser.  - I literally have nothing.  .  - Action.  - Previously  on "Face Off: Battle Royale"...  - You will be creating  whimsical characters  who will star in  a Wonderland-themed short film.  - It's a wonderland! - I feel great  we don't have to resculpt   any of our pieces.  - It needs to look  more like a fox.  - Yeah. I have no idea   how this is gonna play out.  - You want to win $100,000?   - Yeah.  - Then make the best damn  gingerbread man I've ever seen.  - This challenge has been   one long nightmare.  - And, tonight...  - John has made a big change  to the script.  - Ouch.  - This is just   the worst news possible.  - Let me know when you're ready. - Adrenaline's flowing   through me,  and I'm just really hoping   that this isn't the one thing  that's gonna keep me   from winning this whole thing.  - Quiet on set!   Action!  - This is it.  My heart's going   a million miles an hour,  but nothing's gonna stop me  from winning this whole finale.  - This is where  we'll actually be shooting. - I need this.   I'm hungry for it,  and I really, really want this.  - The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  is...  - This   is "Face Off: Battle Royale."  [cheers]  [exciting music]  ? ?  - All right, guys, now that  you've gotten your feedback  and you've seen  your characters on camera,  you'll have two more days  to revise and re-create  your makeups  before filming starts.  John, I thought  they did pretty well.  What do you think?  - Think you guys did  really well. There's a little bit of work  still to be done,  but I think we're gonna  be okay. - Before you all head home,  John has made a big change  to the script.  - Of course. - He has an idea  that will elevate  the final film,  and it involves you guys  each making a third character.  - Ouch.  [chuckling]  This is a lot of pressure.  It's just taken it   to a whole new level,  and I'm really nervous.  - This is just   the worst news possible.  Now   I have to restart two makeups  and then dump another one   on top of it.  I can't think   of any worse of a scenario.  - So here's  the general idea, guys.  As Alice moves  through the mirror,  she herself is gonna change, and our real-world Alice  is going to evolve  into something  that's better suited  for your individual scenes. - Now, John has revised  the scripts  to include  some brief descriptions  on how Alice appears  in each of your scenes,  and he will be coming by the lab in the morning  to walk you all through it.  In the meantime,  we obviously know  that this is a big deal,  and we're not gonna  leave you hanging.  Let's get you some more help.  - Where are they at?   - Guys, come on out.  ? ?  [applause]  - Welcome back. - Okay, you each get to pick  one more teammate.  Jordan, you're first.  - Jo.   - Yay!  Hello, everybody.  - Matt, you're next.   - Sasha.  - Congratulations.   - And, of course, Walter.  - You're stuck with me.   - Aw.  - Good to see you, man.  - All right, I do have  one more surprise for you.  - [groans]   - It's gonna be good, though.  I promise.  We have  a very special guest judge  joining us  for this season's finale.  He's one of the most prolific  and accomplished makeup artists  of all time,  ranking inside the top-ten list  of people with the most  all-time Oscar wins.  Seven-time Academy Award winner  Rick Baker.  [cheers and applause]  - That's so awesome. This is awesome.  To have Rick Baker judging   one of my makeups  in the finale for "Face Off,"  this is a dream come true.  - All right.  I will see you all on set  in a few days.  Good night,  and good luck, everyone.  - Thank you.   - Hell, yeah.  - Rick Baker, dude.   That's cool.  [upbeat rock music]  ? ?  - Alice emerges from beneath   a table with a velvet cover  and finds herself  in a throne room. She looks down at her hands,   which look like  those of a wooden toy. So we get to the lab today   and read the script,  and we find out   that it's a wooden Alice,  and that, to me, screams   very toylike,  a lot of textures,  and I'm really excited   about this take.  - Good morning.  - Good morning.   - How you guys doing?  All right, so,  dropped a little bombshell  on you guys last night.  Where you guys at?  - We wanted   to keep the feminine side,  but we also wanted to bring   that toy aspect, and wooden,  so we wanted to bring in a little bit of filigree in here and do some grain texture. - Okay.  Without me having to say much,  you're already on  the right path.  I do have this one shot  that I'll repeat   throughout the film  that's a POV shot  where she does need to look down and realize that, like--  "Oh, my God.  I'm not me. I'm a toy."  You come to set.   You have to be ready to go.  I have a very,  very tight shooting schedule.  All right.   - Awesome.  Get back to it.  I'll see you guys later.  - What about her face?  Do we have any ideas   what we want to do?  I'm just gonna sketch some--  might as well have something,  you know?  - Right now,   I'm not exactly sure  what to do   with the Alice character,  so I'm really looking forward   to a consult with John  just so that I really understand  what he wants.  - So you guys are kind of, like, rebooting a little bit.  - Mm-hmm.   - Where are we at  on terms  of those two creature designs?  'Cause that will help inform  a little bit more of your Alice. - This is kind of more so   the direction  we're gonna take   the Ginger General.  - The General?  - So he'll be way more lovable   and more like a cookie.  - Okay, I love that idea.  I see that you guys  have redesigned her,  so that's good.  - So, she, like, kind of has,   like, a lollipop.  That's her, like, bun,  so we want to keep the form   on a ballerina.  - Right.  - And then  we're gonna give the silhouette. - Okay. Let's talk a little bit   about new Alice.  - Yeah, kind of going with,  like, a soft fondant   kind of character,  giving, like, a doll face.  - Okay.  - Or, like, make it  cool stylized icing. - Exactly.   - Fun stuff like--  - That's exactly it.  Like, icing, dessert--  that's just integrated  into your makeup design.  - Okay. - I have all the faith  in you guys.  - Absolutely.  Thank you so much. - Appreciate it.   - Yeah.  - From Alice's point of view,  she looks around   at giant mushrooms and flowers  and down to see her hands  are now covered in a light fur.  - Howdy, howdy.   - Hey, how's it going?  - Tell me a little bit  what you guys are thinking.  - So we were thinking a bunny.   - Bunny.  I like it.   I like it.  - Can even do, like,   a flat mold with silicone,  where she has,   like, little pads.  - Mm.   - Oh, yeah.  - That mimic,  so that it looks like her hands, but they're sort of   bunny-ing out.  I like that  - It can be paws  or whatever you want to do,  but just make sure  she can hold something.  All right.  I got to get out of here.  Get back to work.  - Yeah, it was good  to see you, man. - Good seeing you.  Good morning,  and good afternoon.  - The most important thing   for us to do  is to knock out   these two characters.  We've got so much on our plate   with Ginger General  and Lollipop Ballerina  that I really want to get those   out of the way.  So Derek's gonna get started  on the Lollipop Ballerina cowl,  while I start   on the Ginger General face.  And since we already made arms  for the Ginger General  but didn't get to run them   in foam,  I really need Yvonne to get   those molded as well.  She'll look very candy-like. I don't want the Alice to be   as much of a failure  as our first characters were,  so I have Kelly coming up   with some basic ideas  to build off of,   then, hopefully,  we'll come up   with something cool.  ? ?  - After our camera test,  I feel great knowing  that we don't have to resculpt   any of our pieces,  so we're really looking   at building up on a foundation that we've already created,  and, to me,   that's where you can bring it  to a whole new level.  As far as, like,  everything up here goes, I know  you want to do your filigree. - The filigree there.  - I want to sculpt   brand-new arms  for the Tin Jester   and a chest piece,  and, for our Alice character,   we are going to have to sculpt a cowl, a face,   and some joints for her,  and also a bunch of filigree  that we'll implement   in all three characters.  Even though   we have a head start  because we didn't have to   restart anything,  we still got a lot to do.  ? ?  - I'm feeling pretty good   going into the next two days.  For Alice, we're going with   the bunny character,  so I'm having Kevon start  sculpting the face   and the ears.  Mel's working on the face   for the fox character  to give it more fox feel   that John was looking for.  Jo is working on putting  together a upper-body fox suit,  making sure   that it's fitting down nicely  to the mannequin form,  and I'm working on sculpting  this large leg piece   for the grasshopper character. We can run one mold of it   for both sides of his legs.  It's really important   that we get  a lot of these pieces   done today  so that we can come in   on day two  and be ready   for application day.  - Paint it up?   - Hell, yeah.  - Cool. I'll get that done.   - Awesome.  - One hour, everyone!  ? ?  - All right, guys.   That's time.  It just needs to be popped open   tomorrow  ? ?  Let's see how this came out.  - It's day two of our finale,  and we really need to focus   on the Alice character.  I think we should stay away   from, like, the center.  - Okay. I still want her to look   human and beautiful,  but I really want to frame her  face with filigree frosting,  and I want   the hair to look like fondant. Gonna have   Derek take over the face  and Kelly work on the hair.  In the meantime, I'm gonna get   the Ginger General cowl done.  I like the new direction a lot,   so I'm really hoping  that we have time   to do all this.  - I think maybe even putting  some lines on her lips,  kind of like wood--  just very subtle.  - Definitely.  Definitely. - We still got a lot to do.  So, while I'm working   on Alice's face,  Graham's fabricating   the jester staff,  Damien is finishing up   molding the arms,  and Sasha is working   on filigree,  but she's also working   on the ball joints for Alice.  Time management is very crucial, but I think I'll be able   to get everything completed.  ? ?  - That's the first one? - Mm-hmm.   - Oh, nice.  It's really nice   to have all of our pieces  before our application day,  so we can get everything   pre-painted as much as we can. - I think   we can get everything done.  We just got to [bleep] hustle. - Really helps   having Mel along by my side,  making lists,   and keeping things on track.  - Oh!   - Yeah!  I'm getting   more and more psyched.  I'm really thinking   I could win this whole thing.  - We are at 30 minutes exactly.  ? ?  - That's time.  ? ?  Everything just seemed to  stretch out longer than planned, and it really left no time   for pre-paint.  I really want to come back   from this complete redo,  and I want a chance at $100,000. .  [fast-paced break beat music]  - Whoo, whoo, whoo!  - Our team gets to apply first,  since our scene   is gonna be shot first.  I'm both excited and nervous  for our last chance   to get these characters right  and hopefully take   that win home.  - Jo, can you grab me an apron?   - Yeah.  - Oh, it's so weird   no one else is here. Aah!  - Jo and Mel are gonna be   swapping back and forth  between   the fox character and Alice,  while Kevon and I work   on the grasshopper.  - Greetings.   - Morning.  - How you guys doing?   - Good to see you.  - One of the girls  is gonna start on you.  I'm gonna finish   fabricating some pieces.  The grasshopper needs   a lot of spikes  to go up and down   his arms and legs,  so I'm making them  by rolling little chunks   of friendly plastic  and then spraying them green.  Once everything's applied   and painted,  they'll fit into the foam.  - Our biggest revision   has been removing the pants  and making   full grasshopper legs.  All the pieces we made really  gives him that plated bug feel.  Now I got to pull off   the super-detailed paint job  and make everything   flow together.  [crunchy rock music]  - Everything feels okay?  - Yeah, it feels awesome.   - That's good.  So, after I get   Alice's face applied,  I start to lay hair on the fox  and just filled   a big, furry cowl  to match the suit.  There we go. The hardest part is making sure  that all the hair's going   in one direction  and getting it in   as smooth as possible.  Something like that?  - Yeah.   - Okay.  ? ?  - Is that lined up?   - Feels like it.  - In the script,   Alice looks at her hands,  and she sees  that she's growing hair on them, so they're a very big  focal point for this character,  but it's difficult getting them   to lay down nicely.  - Ugh.  This is so thick.  We should've just gotten foam.  It's not going down   the way it's supposed to,  and it just looks   wrinkly and old.  I have to fix this,   and we have no time at all.  I'm blending them   the best I can,  but I have to stop  because I'm burning through   all my paint time.  I'm gonna move on from this  'cause, like, your face  is still not painted.  The hands are important,  but your face is more important. - How much time do we have?  - 26 minutes.   - Damn.  I'm gonna coat the inside   of that cowl real quick.  - Cool.  - In the last few minutes,   things are hectic.  There's brushes   flying everywhere.  We're tripping over things.  Alice is falling behind   the most.  - I need an airbrush.   I need an airbrush.  - But all these characters   have to be camera-ready  before we get to set.  ? ?  That's time, guys.  Time's up.  We done it.   - Thank God.  - It's really nerve-wracking   leaving the lab.  This is the last time   to really impress the judges,  but I'm really happy   with how this came out.  I came back   so that I could take  the entire competition,  and I'm feeling pretty confident  in winning this whole thing.  ? ?  We arrive to set   at this giant mansion.  Everything looks so crazy.  - All right, guys--Jordan--  well done, well done.  - We've got Rick Baker   standing there  with all three of the judges.  This is the moment  that we've all been working for. - We're gonna get down to set.   Get shooting right away.  - All right.   - Let's do this.  - The adrenaline's flowing   through me right now.  I'm pretty amped,   and I'm ready  to get these characters   on camera.  - Let's bring in our fox   and grasshopper, if we can.  - It's pretty cool to be on set  and see   all the behind-the-scenes  of how everything is going.  - You're so handsome.   - [laughs]  - Our   giant grasshopper character,  he has   that very dapper feel to him,  and just to see   a full bug character  there, that we made,   is awesome.  You guys are awesome.   - Back to one, please.  One more.  - And--  let me know when you're ready.  Fantastic job on this.   - Thank you.  - Your grasshopper is sick.   - Thank you.  - Mark.   - Action!  - Look out!  - I like the color palette   on the grasshopper.  I think that he works  really well all over. - The ground is clearly uneven.  - I think   the false grasshopper leg  works really well too. - Yeah.  I do love that tweaked mustache. - I do too.   That's so great.  - Camera cuts! Great job!   Let's move on!  Makeup team,   look at Grasshopper, please.  - The grasshopper--  his knee   literally just fell off.  I'll glue it on for you   real quick.  It won't take long at all.  - Unfortunately,   we're out in the hot sun,  so our characters are sweating   all their pieces off.  We have to do a lot   of touch-ups on our characters and as fast as possible.  So at this point,   I'm just really hoping  that this isn't the one thing  that's gonna keep me   from winning this whole thing.  I think he's looking good.  - Looking good.   - All right, let's go.  Let's do it. Fox, stand-by.   Stand-by. Let's go.  And action!  - Look out!  - I like the teeth.  - It looks like he has   a really nice animated mouth,  and it doesn't feel   just stuck on.  - Mm-hmm.   - Camera cuts!  That's perfect.   Fantastic work!  - It's time   to start filming Alice.  ? ?  I'm kind of worried  'cause Alice   is our weakest character.  - My concern right now   are these hands.  - Yeah.  - What are some options   that we have  to make this look better? - Alice's hands   aren't ready for camera.  It really sucks.  John is disappointed   with the character,  so we have to figure out   how to revamp the hands  and get them ready for film.  - You have five minutes, okay?  Let's go. - We grab some four-way stretch   for her,  stretch those   around her forearms.  Where's those gloves at? - And we grab some white gloves,  slip those over her hands  and start cutting holes   in those  and having some hair poke out   here and there,  just to really kind of sell  as much of the rabbit idea   as possible.  She got furry arms now.   [laughs]  - Camera sets.   And action!  - Where am I?   - The profile is beautiful.  - She does have a great profile,  doesn't she? - Yeah,  she looks very cute in it. - Okay.  That's good, that's good.  - I'm a lot happier now   with how Alice is looking,  and I feel like   John's pretty happy  with the characters   that we've given him.  And I'm just really excited   to see it all put together.  - Yes, yes, yes.   Keep going, and cut!  - Nice.   That was awesome.  - Yeah. - All right, guys.  Listen up, listen up.  That's a wrap  on our garden scene today.  Congratulations.   Well done, team Jordan.  - So, at the end of the shoot, I'm proud of the makeups   that we accomplished.  - I'll see you guys later.  Thank you very much.  - Thank you.   - Yay. Thank you, guys.  - I couldn't have asked   for a better team.  They were just so happy,   so energetic the entire time,  and they had my back   through it all.  I know our team put our all   into this finale,  so I think I've definitely got   a shot at winning.  [all cheer]  .  [upbeat rock music]  ? ?  - It's Valentine's Day.  I choose to own this day  and look at each one   of these makeups  as the last makeup of my life.  Yeah, I think it'd be good  not patching these up at all,   man, like--  - Yeah.   - Should be good.  The plan is to have Graham   finish out the fabrication,  Damien start pre-painting   the jester,  and Sasha just start   finishing up the cape,  and I'm going to patch the seam   and pre-paint Alice's hair.  This is the most work   I've ever done  in this season or any season,  but I've got more than enough   fellow team members  to help me   knock this out of the park.  ? ?  - Aah!   Aah!  - Hey.   - Congratulations.  - Thank you.  - So, we have some jobs  for you guys. - I just really need to start   getting this Alice together.  Dude, I hope we get   all this done in time.  We have so much to do.  This Alice paint job is gonna be  very time-consuming,  so I really need   to get these pieces on  and the base coat of paint  so I can start painting   all the designs.  ? ?  - Is this looking all right?   - Oh, yeah, it's badass, man.  - So far, I'm really happy   with the way  the paint job is turning out   for the Tin Jester.  I think   we have a really good base.  That's good.  We still have to age it  and add some rust   and a little bit of detail,  so I still have   a lot left to do.  [upbeat rock music]  ? ?  - I'm trying to pull this edge  as far as I can get it, so it's nice and tight on him. - The face   on the Porcelain Prince  is coming up a little further   than we wanted  over onto the cowl.  Should we just cut this  right here, do you think?  So we decide   to just cut that piece away  where the crack is,  so it seamlessly blends   into the cowl  without having to apply   another piece.  - Open this up, trim it off, and then glue it down  underneath. ? ?  - One hour left.   - Aah!  [fast-paced metal music]  - Time is running out.  Sasha and I have been working   on the Alice face.  And then Graham calls for help   for the Tin Jester.  - I'm just all over the place.   I'm, like, scatterbrained.  ? ?  That's time, everybody!  - Whoo!   Last "Face Off" makeups ever.  - Yeah!  All three of our characters   look really good.  I'm just hoping   that all these makeups  hold together   and nothing's gonna stop me  from winning this whole finale.  [cymbal shimmering]  [upbeat rock music]  ? ?  We drive up to set,  and it's a beautiful view   of Los Angeles,  but I'm full of nerves because   I'm about to put my makeup  in front of Rick Baker,   and that is intimidating,  but it's also an honor  to have this icon   look at something I created.  - Good to see you again,   brother.  - You too.  - This looks great.   - Thank you.  - Look at this.   I love it.  - That's fantastic.  - All right.   Follow me inside.  Let's make this happen. ? ?  Welcome to set.  - Awesome.  - We walk in,   and all the filigree work  in all the design   of the architecture  just screams, like,   "Alice in Wonderland,"  and it feels like  my characters would exist here,  so I'm really excited   to see them move around  in this new environment.  - Our first setup  is Alice is on the throne.  She's gonna come down,   run towards the mirror.  - Mark.  - Quiet on set!  Action! - Hear, ye, hear, ye? - The sculpture of the hair   manages to say,  "This is carved out of wood."  - I love the filigree  for the eyebrows.  - Yeah, it's very well done.   These guys did their work.  - Guards!   Guards!  - Camera cuts!   - Still kind of cool.  - We really got to make sure   that thing comes out.  - The pull string has to work  to sell   that she's a hard wooden doll, but we made the rope so long   that it still stays in.  - Let's just make it  so it comes out a little easier. - Okay. So we go in,  and we cut the rope down a bit.  - Just cut my excess off here   like that.  - Make sure  it doesn't get in the zipper. As we're doing that,   Sasha's working on touch-ups.  - We're good, John.  - And we all hope  that it works better this time.  - Action!  - Guards!   Guards!  - There we go.   - Yeah.  - It works.  The Porcelain Prince   pulls it out.  It looks great.  It accomplishes   what John wanted  and what we set out to do.  It's just, we got to be ready   to keep making changes  like this   throughout the whole day.  - It's been ages!  - The sheen is perfect on this.  It really has  a nice porcelain quality. - That's an impostor! - That Jester makeup is so good. - The accordion-like activity  of the waist and the head,  it looks like   it's a bouncing spring.  - Camera cuts.   Fantastic. Let's go.  God, your makeup's good.   - Thanks.  It's amazing to be able to   see these characters on film.  It makes me proud.  It makes me happy of myself   and my team  and what we've accomplished.  - All right,   let's finish strong.  Check her hands.  Make sure they look good, okay?  - The last shot of the day   is the most impactful scene.  Alice crawls out   from under the table,  looks at her hands,   and sees the wood grain,  and she's been wearing it   all day,  so I'm really stressed   about that.  - How we doing?  - Just doing a little touch-up.  - We don't even have   any more of that paint,  so we end up   using a Kryolan pencil.  Fingers are crossed.  - Let's do this. Action!  - Alice sits up,   looks at her hands,  and it's perfect.  All the paint's still on.  I don't know how it happened,  but her hands are amazing.  - Cut.   That was fantastic.  - I've never seen someone   so enthusiastic  about the work that I've done.  John was, like, beating me up. Smacking me on the arm,   like, real bro-friendly,  and that's really cool.  - That's a wrap for today.   Thank you very much.  - Whoo!   - Team Matt.  Awesome job.  - That's a wrap.   It's out of my hands.  It has been a whirlwind   of whimsical fun.  Bring it in.  And I'm so proud   and so happy for my team.  I couldn't have done it   without them,  but until I hear   my name called,  I'm not done yet.  .  [dramatic rock music]  ? ?  - This is application day.  I'm feeling very nervous   and a little overwhelmed.  That looks pretty cool.   - Yeah.  - Standing between   me and winning  is three great applications  followed by   three great paint jobs.  Ouf. Edge City over here.  - Really?   - Yeah.  You got your work cut out   for you.  ? ?  - Hello.  How's it going?  - Good, how are you?   - Good to see you.  - Oh, whoa, cool. - It's a total switch-up  from fat suit. - Yeah, a little bit different.  - Our game plan   is I'm gonna pre-paint  the Lollipop Ballerina   cowl,  Derek's gonna stay   on Ginger General  and make sure   he gets completely painted,  Kelly's gonna be taking care   of all the little details,  and I really need Yvonne   to focus on Alice  and getting these incredibly   terrible edges to work.  ? ?  - Alice's hair   is an intricate design,  and cutting out the curls  and making it smooth   like frosting  is taking way more time   than I'd like it to.  It's just [bleep] tedious.   - I know.  - I'm like, "Cool that I did  a cool, intricate sculpt,  but damn it, Kelly."   - Yeah, I know.  - We got to call it good enough   at a certain point  and start painting.  ? ?  - Here we go.  The Alice facepiece   came out really, really thick, so I have to apply Cabo-Patch to  every single edge on her face.  It's gonna be a while  before you can open them. In a perfect world,  this process shouldn't take   too long,  but this is taking   a lot more time  than I anticipated.  - The Lollipop Ballerina cowl  came up and wrinkled   in the front,  so I grabbed some L200,   I shape it into a tiara  to cover up that fold.  It's creating a wrinkle in here.  - Oh.  - So what we're gonna have to do is just hide it with this.  - Okay. - From here, he could probably   get in his wardrobe,  since we're down to an hour.   - Okay.  - I'm really happy   with Ginger General,  but what's not coming together  are the other two characters.  There's almost no paint   on either of them.  It's crucial   that we nail this last hour.  ? ?  That's time.  When time's up,   the Ginger General looks  so incredibly awesome,  but Alice and the ballerina   still need a lot of work.  This is not where I want to be.  I haven't given up,   but we got to rally  and fix it later on set.  ? ?  - Look at that.  - We get out of the van, and--  - Let's just take a bite.   - You look sweet.  - I'm very surprised   everyone seems  to really enjoy our makeups.  It takes my mind off   of how upset I am,  and now I'm pumped   to get started.  - All right, guys.   Let's go inside.  Let's get to set.  - Good luck, guys.   - Thank you.  - This is where  we'll actually be shooting, so take a step in real quick. - As soon as we get inside,  everything   is really great-looking.  There are desserts set up   all over the table  and taxidermy   animals everywhere.  It's wild.  - From where we were  to where we are right now... - Perfect. That's good news.   - Okay?  All right. Here we go.   Let's do it.  Action.  - It's kind of looking   really cool.  - The Ginger General   looks fantastic.  He is fun to watch.  He fits the theme,   he fits the room,  and it's definitely a relief  because the lighting test   was a total failure.  - I like the little  cream filling curlicue thing coming out the top   of his head.  - I want to see how it emotes  when he's doing his dialogue.  - Balderdash.  Clockwise is the only way   to truly stir one's tea.  - It looks pretty good,   actually.  - [laughs]  - And camera cuts.  - [indistinct]  - Okay.   Let's get Lollipop going.  How far away are we on her?  Will she be ready   in three minutes?  - Yes. - The ballerina's   coming together,  but there's a shot where  the lollipop ballerina   has to do a twirl.  - Oh, ho, ho!   Yes!  - Okay, so we got to fix that.  - Of course, the whole collar   and everything falls apart,  so heat-singe her down   and glue things together  and make sure   that it doesn't fall apart  when she twirls around.  - Mark.  - Action!  - We get it to work.  She performs really well,  and it ends up coming together   and looking really cool.  - Join us for tea?  - I like the stuff that's going   on in the back of her head.  - You've almost taken   the wrapper of the lollipop  and then used it as dressing  to display the lollipop color.  - [laughs]  - Camera cuts!  Fantastic. Let's move on   to the next shot, please.  Hey, Walter?   - Yeah?  - I think you need to add in some, like, pink or lavenders  into this swirling so that we can actually see it   on camera.  - It's time   for Alice's close-up,  but she's a giant disaster.  So, really fast,   Yvonne puts lipstick on her,  and Derek and I touch up   the paint,  so it's definitely better   than it was.  - Action! - Please,   I'm only trying to get home.  - Her eyes are   just way too heavy.  - Uh-huh.  But the rework of the paint job  makes it look   like frosting now.  - That's good.  Cut! Let's go to the master  and call it a day. Action!  - Please, I'm only trying   to get home.  - Oh!   - When John mentioned  Walter had to start   completely over,  I did not think   he was gonna be able  to come up   with the likes of this.  - That's impressive in itself. - Camera cuts!  Let's go!  Good day.  Good day, guys.  Congratulations!  Great work, everybody!  - I'm extremely proud   of my team.  We rallied.   we worked well together.  Thank you very much.  I think I did some   of my best work this season,  and I don't have any   that I'm not proud of.  [cymbal shimmering]  [dramatic music]  - Welcome, everyone.  As you know, tonight,  one of you will be crowned  our newest "Face Off" champion.  All right, well,   before we get started,  why don't we say hello   to our incredible judges?  Owner of Alchemy Studios,   Mr. Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   - Hey, Glenn.  - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning  makeup artist,  Ms. Ve Neill.  - Evening, guys.   - Hi, Ve.  - Creature and concept designer, Mr. Neville Page.  - Hello, gentlemen.   - Neville.  - And, of course,   we are thrilled  to be joined again   by a legendary makeup artist  with seven Academy Awards  to his name.  The one, the only,   Mr. Rick Baker.  [applause]  Well, it's fantastic   to have you back with us.  - It's great to be back.  - And hello, judges.  How are you all doing?  - We're good. Thank you.   - Fantastic.  - So, John,  how did things go for you?  How do you think these guys did? - I am extremely proud  of these three contestants  and their teams. I threw a lot at them.  I'm really happy   with what they did.  - Excellent. All right, well, one of you guys will win   our grand prize package,  which includes   a brand-new Fiat 500,  a VIP trip to one of Kryolan's  85 international locations,  and $100,000.  [cheers and applause]  - That's a lot of money. - All right, so, obviously,  there's a lot at stake here,  so let's get to it.  For your final  Spotlight Challenge,  we asked you to dive deep   into the world of Wonderland  and create three   wildly whimsical characters  that would be featured  in a short film  directed by John Wynn.  So, let's see   how it all turned out.  - This is it.  My heart's going   a million miles an hour.  I'm really excited to see   these characters on film.  - I'm hoping   that all the changes  that we were able to make  helped push our characters   over the top.  I know everyone else has done   a really awesome job.  Just hoping   that ours will be better.  .  - I definitely worked very hard   on these characters.  It's a pretty big risk,   starting over.  Hopefully   that paid off for me.  I'm excited to see what happens. - So, let's see   how it all turned out.  [clock ticking]  - Great shot.   - Oh, it wasn't that bad.  - [indistinct]  [whimsical music]  - [indistinct]  - So strange.  - Look out!  - Where am I?  - Oh, never mind that.  You must join.  - Absolutely not.  How dare you intrude,   little girl?  And you.   - What?  - You shouldn't be talking  to strangers. Especially silly little girls.  - Aw. Well, the Queen lets me   play with my friends.  Even silly little girls.  - Do you know   what's happened to me?  - The Queen   most certainly would not.  - Would too.   - Would not.  - Would too.   - Would not.  - Would too.   - Would not.  - Would too.   - Would not.  - Would too.   - Oh, dear.  - Would not.   - Would too.  - Would not.   - Would too.  - Would never.  - Would too.   - Would not.  both: Would too!   Huh?  - Wait,  you haven't even played yet! - Oh, stupendous lollipops!  Extremely wonderful!  You!   Fancy frosting!  Fall in!  - Join us for tea?  You should always add  the sugar to your tea before you add the milk. - Don't listen to her,  little Miss; you should--  - You should make sure to stir  it all in counter-clockwise. - Balderdash.  Clockwise is the only way   to truly stir one's tea.  - Please,   I'm only trying to get home.  - Oh.  [ominous music]  Well, then,  you must follow the rules.  ? ?  Or take the door to the left.  [laughs]  - Oh, you shouldn't confuse her  with wrong directions, General. The door to the right  is the only way out. - Lollipop,  I think you're high on sugar.  Oh, I say!  There are proper ways   to do things!  - This is why   I don't serve frosting!  [voices fade out]  - Excuse me.  Excuse me. - Why, Your Majesty.   It's been ages.  - I've had the strangest day,  and I'm trying   to find my way home.  - Come. Come.   - Could you tell me how to--  - Ascend to your throne.   - You silly prince!  That's not the Red Queen.   That's an impostor!  If you insist   on keeping up this charade,  you will be punished severely! - Watch your tongue. It shall  not be her punishment coming,  but yours!  Come, come, Your Majesty.  Prove to this jester  your magnificence.  - Oh.   Okay.  Yes.   Um...  Oh, yes.  [clears throat] Oh, dear.  [sighs] Hear, ye, hear, ye?  - [laughs]  - How dare you try to take   the throne with your lies?  Guards!   Guards!  Guards!  [in slow motion]   Guards!  [screams indistinctly]  - It was just a dream.  [ball thuds]  [applause]  - Wow.  Amazing. - That was phenomenal.  Great job to everyone.  All right, well,   let's get down to business.  The judges would like to speak  with each of you  before they choose a winner.  Walter, you're up first.  - Hello, Walter.   - Hello, Glenn.  - Tell us about your approach  to these characters. - Uh, well,  we had to start over  after the screen test,  and we just did  completely new makeups.  I wanted to kind of mix it up  and not just do  a gingerbread man,  so I thought of making him,   like, a cookie man.  On Alice, I decided  to make it look like icing.  - How did that affect  you mentally, having to start over?  - It was a real bummer   watching people pre-paint  while we're molding.  - What you guys did  in half the time   of everyone else  is truly impressive.  - Thank you.  - I really thought that  your Ginger General concept   was visually compelling,  and I think   it fit into this world  very, very well.  However,   the choices on Alice's face  were very confusing to me.  - I loved   the Lollipop Ballerina.  The back of her head  was probably the best part   of the makeup.  All that beautiful   lollipop layering  you did back there.  - Thank you.  - The ballerina character,  with the additional makeup   that you did--  she had a very regal quality. I applaud the fact that you were  able to change gears like that  and survive the day.  - Walter, if you please,  sit back down. - Thank you guys,   and thank you guys.  [applause]  - Matt, you're up.  - Hello, Matt.   - Hi.  - Would you please tell us about  your Wonderland characters?  - John informed us that it was   more of a toylike atmosphere.  Each one   of the different characters  was very high-textured,  so we wanted to have that  toylike, almost animated feel.  - I think you had three   really beautifully done,  well executed characters.  Your Alice character   was really clever.  Her hair was   really well executed.  Beautifully done.  It's so difficult  to create that wood texturing, and you did an amazing job   on her.  - Thank you.  - The Tin Jester, though--  that was a highlight.  All the things   that you guys did.  Great shape.   Great form.  Great execution.  You guys nailed it,   so congratulations.  - I thought   they were all very successful.  On the Porcelain Prince,  I think the effect   of it looking like porcelain  worked very well.  I congratulate all of you.  - Thank you.  - Matt, if you please,   sit back down.  [applause]  - Jordan.   Please step up.  - Whoo, whoo!  - Hey, Jordan. Tell us   about your Wonderland wonders.  - The two  that we started off with  were both animals,  so we wanted   to incorporate their wardrobe  as if it was a part   of the animal's anatomy,  so, for instance,  for the White Rabbit  Alice character,  we wanted the ears to flow   with her natural hair.  - The intentions   were all successful.  So let's start off   with the Alice character.  Her silhouette was so gorgeous.  You really captured   a beautiful balance  between your actress   and this bunny,  and your dapper grasshopper--  it was, head to toe,   so well executed.  You guys clearly, as a team,  work so well together. - I had an awesome team   behind me on this one.  - Yeah.   - Mm-hmm.  - I thought   the fox was a lot of fun.  It's really hard to do   that long kind of snout  and have it work,  and I thought   it worked beautifully.  - Thank you.  - The paint and design   on the grasshopper,  stylistically,   represents you so accurately.  So successful.   - Thank you.  - Jordan, you can have a seat. - Thank you, guys.  [cheers and applause]  All right, guys.  It's time   for the judges to deliberate  and choose   this season's champion.  ? ?  All right, judges.  Let's get to it.  Why don't we start with Walter?  - Walter did end up delivering three very strong characters  and really did something   we've not seen from him,  and I found that to be the most   exciting part of his efforts.  You know, a typical gingerbread   man would be boring,  and we would've said,  "He took it too literally  and made a gingerbread man." - The Alice eye makeup   was way too heavy,  but it actually worked pretty  good on the Lollipop Ballerina.  - He definitely belongs here   in the finale.  - All right, judges.   Let's move on to Matt.  - All three of those characters   were absolutely superb.  They all look   like they belong together.  - They're very finished  and hit the bill perfectly. - Yeah.  - It was by far the best Alice.  - The showcase item   was the tin character.  It was so good  in absolutely every single way.  - He did a wonderful job.  - And finally, Jordan.  - Of all the challenges,  this is perfectly matched   to Jordan's skill set.  His characters I think conveyed   the whimsy best.  - The grasshopper   was outstanding.  There's a good balance  between how wonderful the sculpt and the fabrication is  and how well the paint  supports those forms.  The fox   is beautifully engineered,  but there are some serious   problems with Alice.  That seam   in the middle of the face.  - Well, I thought   she was very cute  when you saw the profile,  and the farther shot  where you couldn't see the edge or the hair,  that worked. - Both Walter and Matt   have been consistent,  but Jordan has shown us  the ability to take  every single note  that we've given him  and grow from it,  making this  an extra hard decision.  - All right, judges.  Have you chosen   this season's champion?  - Think so.   - Think we have.  - Let's bring 'em back out.  All right. So who is the winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"?  - The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  is...  [dramatic music]  ? ?  .  - The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  is...  [dramatic music]  Matt.  [cheers and applause]  - Congratulations! - [indistinct]  - The winner of "Face Off"  is Matt Valentine!  Freaking awesome.   So cool.  It's, like, hard   to take this all in.  My whole goal was to make it   to the finale and win it,  and I accomplished that.  - Come on up, guys.  - Well done, man. - [indistinct]  - Great work, you guys. - After this entire process,  I'm really taking a lot away   from this competition.  I've learned so much throughout   each and every challenge,  and I've really improved   my skill set  throughout this entire thing.  It's really given me the energy   and the ambition that I need  to really move forward  and put out the best work   that I possibly can.  - Congratulations.   - Thank you very much.  - I'm extremely thankful   to have been an all-star,  to make it to the finale again.  I met some   of the coolest people ever,  and we created   some of the coolest stuff  I've ever seen on the show.  That is something   that you can't take from me,  even though I didn't win.  - Congratulations. You are the winner  of "Face Off," and here is the key  to your new car. - Thank you so much.  [cheers and applause]  This experience   has greatly changed my life.  This is sweet.  This opportunity helped me   grow and learn  and really believe in myself   and my talents and gifts.  - A huge thank you  to everyone watching. Have a good night. [cheers and applause]  - Previously on   "Face Off: Battle Royale"...  Half of you will be   going home this week.  Jordan, Matt, and Walter   earned a spot in the finale,  but only one will hold the   title of "Face Off" Champion.  - We've still got one   challenge left,  and I want to take   this entire competition.  - You will be creating   characters  who will star in a short film.   - Wow.  I want to win.   It could change my life,  and I really want this.  - It's game time. I want this   as bad as I want to breathe.  - Are you ready, master?   - Yes.  - Now pushing down.   Oh!  - Did it break?   - Yep.  - It's just a total   [bleep] show.  - Don't muddy it up.  - I'm just getting less   and less happy with it.  - Right now, I would never  go near that. - All I see is the flaws.  - This is   "Face Off: Battle Royale."  [cheers and applause]  [exciting music]  ? ?  ? ?  - It's the morning   of our Finale Challenge,  and I know it's really   gonna be a tough finale,  especially   going against Walter and Matt,  but the adrenaline's   flowing through me right now.  I'm pretty amped,  and I'm ready to get started   with this.  - Good morning, gentlemen.   - Good morning.  - Congratulations again   on making it to the finale.  - Thank you.   - Thank you.  - Let's talk about   your final challenge.  In many cultures,   mirrors are seen as portals  to other worlds and dimensions,  and in this   Spotlight Challenge,  you'll be stepping   through a mirror  and traveling to the most   magical land of all.  ? ?  [mysterious music]  ? ?  - Yeah.  - That's right.   This season's finale will be  taking a deep dive   into Wonderland.  - Nice.  - I'm ecstatic because   this is my world.  That's what I do is whimsical,  twisted, quirky characters,  so I'm very pleased   with this outcome.  - In Lewis Carroll's book  "Through the Looking Glass   and What Alice Found There,"  Alice uses a mirror to travel   to a magical land  full of wacky   and over-the-top characters.  So in this season's finale,  you will each be   creating two  wildly whimsical characters   who will star  in a Wonderland-themed   short film.  - Nice. That's awesome.   - Wow.  - Now, before we go any further,  you're gonna need some help.  Guys, come on out.  - Ooh, hey.   - We're back.  - [laughs]   - Look at these guys.  [exciting music]  - You will each get to choose   two of your former competitors  to join your team.   - Need some help?  - Matt, you're up first.   - Uh, Damien.  ? ?  - Walter, you're next.   - Derek.  - All right.   - Kevon.  ? ?  - Graham.   - Let's go.  - Come on, Yvonne.  - Come to me,  and give me a hug. ? ?  - All right, it's time to find   out more about the short film.  And who better to tell you   than your director?  He's an incredibly   accomplished director  who has recently completed   high-profile projects  for comic book legend Stan Lee  and "Walking Dead" creator   Robert Kirkman.  You might also remember him   as the director of Melissa's  "Hell Hole" short film   in season ten's finale.  Please give a warm welcome   to John Wynn.  ? ?  How are you?   Great to see you again.  - Thanks for having me back.   - Thank you for coming back.  - Excited to see you guys.  I've been following you   all season.  Amazing work, and I'm excited   to work with you now.  - I met John Wynn   on season ten.  He seems like he knows a lot,  and he's worked   with a lot of great people,  and so I'm really pumped   to get started.  - All right, guys, so something   that you may not know  is that since Lewis Carroll's   Alice books were published,  lost chapters   have been discovered,  so we've created   some lost chapters of our own  for this season's finale   with all-new characters.  - That's right.  Our film's gonna feature Alice,  so she's on the other side  of the mirror,   lost in Wonderland,  trying to find   her way back home,  and along the way   she's gonna meet characters  that you guys create   that are gonna be colorful,  over-the-top.   It's gonna be fantastic.  - Now, on that note,   it's time for each of you  to select your lost chapter.  They are "Tea Time,"   "Questionable Queen,"  and "Garden Games."  Walter, you're up first.  - Oh.  ? ?  - "Tea Time."   - Jordan, you're next.  - Go with "Garden Games."   - And of course, Matt.  ? ?  - "Questionable Queen."  ? ?  - All right, guys,   we want you  to be armed for success   in this finale,  so three days from now   you'll do a makeup test  to see how your characters   read on camera.  Why don't you head to the lab,   read your scripts,  and start working   on some ideas  for your characters?  John will swing by soon,   talk you through everything,  and show you some storyboards,   all right?  - See you guys soon, okay?   - Bye. Good luck.  - Thank you.  ? ?  - I go here.   - Have a seat.  - Let's do this one.  ? ?  "Alice finds herself   in the throne room.  She approaches a Porcelain   Prince and a Tin Jester."  My scene is   "Questionable Queen,"  and my characters   are the Tin Jester  and the Porcelain Prince.  - Porcelain Prince,   wiry and overly worrisome.  - It would be cool if his crown  integrated into his head.  - You can also have porcelain cracking into a shape  of a crown. - That's gonna be sweet, dude.  For the Tin Jester,   I'm a little worried  because the jesters   have been done so many times.  It's extremely difficult   to reinvent that.  It's gonna be hard  because the jester's  a very colorful character.  But when you bring tin  into it,  you're kind of monochromatic.  - Congratulations.   - Thank you.  - How's it going?   - Awesome.  - Let me tell you a little bit  about what's going on.  Alice will have gone  through the mirror.  She's going through  all these different rooms.  Each room has a theme.  You guys have the throne room.  It's a very toy-oriented  type setting.  The lighting in your room  is a little darker.  I want your characters  to pop off camera versus  getting lost in the shadows.  - Yeah.   - Well, we read  that there was   a Porcelain Prince,  and we wanted to bring   the porcelain  into the anatomy   and the skin color.  - I love that.  Maybe tell me a little bit  what you guys are thinking  about the jester.  - We like integrating   the metal into the anatomy,  and even playing with rust   and different colors,  almost like a patchwork of--  - I love that 'cause they've  been waiting for their queen,  so there's some  sort of distress.  You're moving in  the right direction.  All right. Good luck.   both: Thanks.  - "Alice steps out   of the mirror  "pushing the blanket aside  "into a beautiful,   colorful garden.  "She sees   the Dapper Grasshopper,  "tall, thin, and very proper,  and the Spring Fox boyish,   overprotective, and soft."  I definitely feel like   I picked the right script  because I love making wacky,   whimsical types of characters. The grasshopper's   gonna be all exoskeleton.  Human and insect anatomy   is very different,  so we've got to find a way   to integrate both.  With giant eyes like that,   we've got to find places  to hide the actor's eyes.  The fox character   is the complete  polar opposite   of the grasshopper.  Just fun, bouncy,   full of energy,  so we want to really highlight   that contrast.  - Howdy, howdy, howdy.   - How's it going, man?  - How's it going, guys?  So your sequence  in the garden,  Alice is gonna come  through the portal.  Tell me a little bit  what you guys are thinking  in terms of color.  - He'll be green   for the most part...  - Okay.  - And then the fox,   he's all orange.  - One thing  to be cautious of is,  you are surrounded  by a lot of foliage.  I don't want you to lose the  grasshopper in the background.  - Yeah.   - Make sure that you're having  some sort of texture  or pattern  that helps him pop out.   - Right. Right.  Do you think they should be   on a more realistic scale  or a more cartoony scale?  - We are in Wonderland.   - Fantasy world.  - We are in a fantasy world.  Take reality  and then twist it on its ear.  - Got you.  - That's what we're looking for, that unique spin.  - Excellent.   - Okay? Rock on.  - Thank you.   - "Tea Time."  "Alice emerges   from the foliage of the gate  "into a long indoor hallway.  "The table is stacked   with colorful desserts.  "The Lollipop Ballerina,  beautiful, clueless, "and ditzy,  is pouring tea for the old and flustered Ginger General." The Ginger General   and the Lollipop Ballerina  are happy, fun,   lovable characters  that Derek and I   typically don't do.  Mm-hmm. Try and think of what   we can do for the Lollipop.  I'm really trying to lean   on Yvonne for concept.  Everything she's ever done   is pretty whimsical.  - The lollipops can make up   her headdress,  like her hair.   - Mm-hmm.  For the Ginger General,  I'm thinking anything   not gingerbread man  because we've already had two   gingerbread men this season,  and I really want   an original concept.  Then I realize   I can do an animal hybrid.  I like doing that.  That'd be kind of cool  if we made, like, an old rabbit  who's super aged. I just really am hoping  that John gives me something   that I can draw from.  - Hey, guys.   - Hey, how you doing?  - Hey.   - Good to see you.  Why don't we jump right in?  In the story,  this room symbolizes indulgence, and these characters  are adults  that existed  in Alice's real life  who encourage her to grow up,  so I think I see you started  to sketch, like,  a little bit of, like, animals  and that kind of stuff.  - Yeah.   - I would definitely try  to stay away from animals.  Think about more of the food.  Like, "Ginger General,"  he's the overindulgent one.  He's just been eating  and eating and eating,  so now he's  an extension of food.  - Okay. He just came up  with a cool idea to make a fat suit with, like, big, fat arm gloves.   - I love that idea.  As long as you stay away  from this animal stuff  and go more towards--   - Yeah, yeah.  Now that we know that that's not  what you're looking for, we'll gear towards  the other direction. - Awesome.  - And then  for the Lollipop Ballerina, can we mimic a lollipop  where it's-- - You could. I would love  the swirling pattern.  - You know, the rainbow-y--   - Yeah.  - Absolutely, man.   - Good stuff, man.  I'll see you guys  at the lighting test, okay?  - Absolutely.   - See you around.  - Get to work.   - Okay.  ? ?  - With the grasshopper there's a lot of parts   we need to get done.  I've got Kevon making   the entire lower half  of this grasshopper's body  while Mel's working   on the face for the fox.  Kevon, do you think this has  a grasshopper feel to it?  These are going  under the cowl,  but it's gonna be like--   - Are those  where the eyes will be?   - Yeah.  The actor's eyes are actually   gonna show through two  tiny little holes   in the mouth of the giant bug,  and then the actual bug eyes   are gonna be  much larger on the cowl piece.  Head will probably be up   to here.  - Cool.   - And then the antennas  would go up even further.  It's gonna be a little bit   difficult with sculpting  all these exoskeleton parts.  It all has to be   very symmetrical, smooth,  and everything   has to match up really well,  so it has to be done right,  or it's just not gonna   work out at all.  ? ?  - Cool.  - I'm gonna go  right one first, and then you just  dump it in around me. - Got you.   - The Ginger General's hands  are like cream-filled cookies, so Derek and I cast my hands  out of alginate   to make foam latex gloves,  but it'll look   like whoopee pies.  Go ahead. While we're doing that,  I have Yvonne working   on the cowl  for the Lollipop Ballerina.  I tell her to think   of lollipops and candies.  - I was trying to think  of something interesting that was underneath  the popsicle sticks. - I do like the intertwining   idea of licorice.  It looks a little creaturey,  but also very cool   and stylized  and along my own style.  I think that will be fun.  ? ?  - I'm sculpting   the Tin Jester's face,  and I wanted to keep it   very sharp with some filigree, and I want to integrate   a drill-like nose  to bring out   the playful toy aspect.  Damien's sculpting   the Porcelain Prince face.  I want it very gaunt,   high cheekbones,  and inquisitive   or sorrowful brow.  I think that'll translate well   into, like, a statuesque look.  I feel really confident   about our design,  so I want to spend as much time   as possible on the faces  'cause this is the finale,  so I don't want to just rush it  and throw something   in the mold room.  ? ?  - Most of the day is gone,   and I've spent  a lot of my time sculpting   on my cowl  for the grasshopper character, but I'm just getting less   and less happy with it.  Both the eyes   are too far forward,  and they kind of feel like   Baja lights on a dune buggy,  and that sucks because  I really don't have   a whole lot of time  to change around an entire cowl. - Jordan?   - Hm?  - I feel like this is looking   kind of lizard-y.  - On top of that, Mel tells me she's not really feeling   the face for the fox.  - This does not look   like a fox.  - This is nerve-racking.  This is the finale, and these   are my two main pieces,  so I have no idea how this   is gonna play out for me.  ? ?  - The winner of "Face Off:   Battle Royale" will receive  a VIP trip from   Kryolan Professional Make-up  to one of their   85 international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,   and $100,000.  .  [dramatic music]  - Jordan?   - Hm?  - I feel like this is looking   kind of lizard-y.  - Mel's starting over the face  for the fox  because she's concerned that it  doesn't look enough like a fox,  which I completely agree with,  and I'm not feeling   the grasshopper cowl.  It's not a good feeling,  but with this being the finale,  we want these characters   to be as good as possible,  so her starting over,   it's a good thing.  So we both start pushing   the clay around a little bit  just to give it   that more snouted feel.  - Do you want me  to mess around with these ideas for a bit and you come back? - I'm gonna let her play around   with it a little while  just because I need to go back  to the grasshopper cowl  and make sure   that that gets refined.  [exciting music]  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.  [overlapping greetings]  - We've got   the Lollipop Ballerina  and then the Ginger General. - Is he himself  a piece of cake?  - I'm thinking kind of like   the color of carrot cake,  frosting on the top   of the hair.  - Now when you're talking  about carrot cake, that's dark.  - Like a very light orange base  with darker orange spattering. - The spattering's  probably good  because you don't want  to get it too dark  because you've got  so much going on here.  Let's see Lollipop.   - Yeah.  Just really playing   with her anatomy,  but making her anatomy into just different assortments  of candies. - I'm trying to think of,   like, a candy that, like,  grew out of her cheekbones.  - You've got so much going  on here  that if you start really  busying up the face here,  you're gonna lose the concept.   - Yeah.  - We have the Porcelain Prince  and then the Tin Jester. - What's your concept?   - We like the idea  of keeping it very smooth,   very pale,  and a few cracks   that will show the porcelain.  We didn't want  to make him too human, so we wanted to flow  that bridge up into the brow  and then into the crown. - You could make a small piece  that would literally  overlap right on to your crown.  - Oh, yeah.  - Now, let's see your--  your metal character.  Now, what color are we gonna  get into here?  - We were thinking about more   of a--like a steel metallic,  but then also bring some rust,  maybe some copper.  - So you know what setting  this is going to go into  with your lighting and  everything?  - Dark.   - Yeah, it's pretty dark.  - Dark?  Well, you definitely then need  little things to make it pop.  - Mm-hmm.  - We got the Dapper Grasshopper and the Spring Fox. They contrast with each other  as far as, like, personality   and even paint scheme.  - Let's start here  with the fox.  I'm just concerned   with the nose--  that it ought to be   just a tad bigger.  It's almost falling  into the realm of it could be  a bunny rabbit  when you go like that.  Now let's see the grasshopper.  What do you have?  - Started on the face,  and then I wanted to find out how I was gonna meet the face  with the cowl, so then I started  blocking out the cowl. - Since this is  a fantasy character,  don't muddy it up  with a lot of dark green.  You want to keep  the colors crisp.  Well, let's go down  and see Kevon's piece.  Kevon, explain to me  what you're doing.  - Well, we wanted to have   these hind legs  like grasshoppers have.   - Mm-hmm.  - And I think   the most practical way  is just going to be   to build a leg piece.  - Right.  Is it possible to sculpt that  so you can get both of them  out of the same mold?  - Save us from having to sculpt   and mold another piece.  - I think you should,  and again,  it'll be a big time saver.   - Oh, yeah.  - Bye, everybody.   - See you.  - See you.   - Good luck.  - Thank you.   - Thank you.  ? ?  - After Mr. Westmore leaves,   Mel continues working  on the fox face   'cause he thinks it  doesn't read "fox" enough.   - Say what you're thinking.  You're not gonna hurt  my feelings. Jordan has very specific style  in the way that he does things,  so I want to make sure that   this looks like something  that could exist in his world.  - Yeah, I like him now that  he's, like, softened back down.  We throw some ears on it   just to see the overall look.  I mean, [bleep], those ears  could even be sculpted in   with the face.  We all feel like at this point  we really might not need a cowl. - I really wanted  to have this molded today, but I think it's more important for it to be good.   - Oh, yeah.  ? ?  - I want to give   the Lollipop Ballerina  some ice cream cones   to go on her head.  It's kind of   Statue of Liberty-esque,  and it just adds another   element, a third dimension.  - They're gonna  look like horns.  - They're gonna look   like horns.  - And we want that?   - I kind of want that.  - Yeah? I just don't know   if that makes sense with that.  - That's what I like.   I like creatures.  I like horns, and I don't want   to get too far  from what I actually like.  - You could always have, like,  a fan of--  or, like, three.  - I do believe   it's taking a risk,  but also I'm keeping it cute  and fun at the same time,   so it seems whimsical to me.  I think this is still  a good idea. ? ?  - Voila.  - While Graham works   on the Tin Jester...  - [laughs]  - Damien's sculpting the cracks   on the Porcelain Prince.  - Do that kind of thing there.   - They look amazing.  They look just like real cracks. Oh, that's sweet. It's all these little nuances  that are really fleshing out   the characters.  - This is where you guys  want to, like, take some time  'cause this is  what our main character is.  It's not a giant ass.  It's not a huge stomach.  It's like--  - Yeah.   - The characters.  - One hour, guys.  ? ?  - That's time, guys.  - Yeah.   - Sha-pow. Sha-pow.  ? ?  ? ?  - Are you ready, master?   - Yeah!  ? ?  - Today we've got a lot to do.  We've got to get all of our   sculpts finished and molded.  Plus we're gonna need to run   the grasshopper body  in poly foam and latex.  - You're not doing a neck  'cause you're doing it   on the cowl, right?  - Right.   - Okay.  - I'm still not really feeling   the cowl for the grasshopper,  so I need to spend   some time today  focusing on the head.  So I go in there,   and I chop the eyes off,  move them back further   on the head,  and start to reshape the head   altogether.  He's much more grasshopper now.  [chuckles]   - Cool.  ? ?  - The cowl for the   Porcelain Prince is a crown  that's growing out of his head,  and it has some sharp   castle-like points  that we want to bring down   to the shoulders.  I think as long   as it's got that.  - Yeah.   - The more curves the better.  Me and Damien are working   very cohesively.  We're working until we   get tired, and we switch it up so we can bring new designs   to each sculpt.  ? ?  - I'm happy with all   of my pieces so far,  but time is definitely   starting to slip away,  and I'm getting more   and more worried.  We're the three slowest molders   of all the other artists.  I know it's gonna be   time consuming  to mold these giant things.  We should probably  mold it like it is.  Right now we're behind,   so we need to start molding  all of the pieces   as soon as we can.  - Actually, while you do that,  I'm gonna start setting up. I'll be right back, okay?   - Okay.  ? ?  - Kevon and Mel are working  on getting the body   for the grasshopper poly foam,  so I run over there   to help them out.  They've already put   a few layers of latex in,  and it's built up enough  to where we can pop   the mannequin onto it  and get it strapped down.  Since the piece is   as large as it is,  it's important to make sure   the mold  is completely filled   with poly foam.  So once we get   that top half on there,  we see foam start coming out,  and it's an instant sigh   of relief.  - Yay!  - So we just need to wait   and let it sit for tomorrow  so we can demold it and get it   ready for application.  - Ugh.  Good job.  ? ?  - We are so far behind,  and I realize there's no way   I can get a fat suit done,  and I need to just focus   on the arms  and the cowl   for the Lollipop Ballerina.  Where's this at?  - Cracked.   - The thumb broke off?  - The pinky.   - The pinky broke off.  - Right here.   - [bleep].  Yvonne gets the hand mold open,  but one of the fingers   breaks off,  so we scrap the arms,  and I decide to just wait   until the actual film shoot.  One thing after another.  So I move on to   the Lollipop Ballerina cowl.  We have to get this one out.  ? ?  We have to get this thing open  and see what we can do with it.  - There it goes.   - You got that side?  - The first half   comes off really easily,  but the second half appears   to be locked.  - Yo, I think I got   a good grip here.  - Okay.   - The three of us  are just cranking on it,   trying to get it open...  Now pushing down.  Oh!  And the whole mold  cracks in half and falls apart.  - Did it break?   - Yep.  - Ohh.  - This is absolutely   a total disaster.  There's no way this is gonna   come out.  And it's pretty upsetting  'cause if I don't   get this piece,  I won't have anything   to show John,  and I need his input,   so this really sucks.  .  [exciting music]  - How bad was it? [bleep].   - It's a mess.  - The whole mold cracks in half   and falls apart.  [bleep].  I'm extremely frustrated   at this point.  - Can we patch it?   - No.  I mean, we can try  and glue it or something.  I don't really know.  We just try and glue   the pieces back together,  and thankfully it's holding.  We got to try   and make it usable,  even if it's a big piece   of [bleep].  - That's time, everybody!  - Damn it.  - Leaving the lab, my   confidence is definitely shot. This is the first time ever  that I have experienced   such failure.  Reached my capacity   for failure today.  It's just such   a mental breakdown,  and I'm just really relying   on the fact  that this is a lighting test   and not the real thing.  ? ?  - Go, go, go.   I'm so nervous now.  ? ?  Look how cute he is.  His ears came out   and everything.  - Nice. Today I want to do   a lot of pre-painting,  so right when we get   into the lab,  Kevon heads   into the mold room and starts  demolding the body   for the grasshopper.  Mel's gathering things   for the fox character.  I'm cleaning up the seam line   on the grasshopper cowl,  and the last thing   we need to do  is just clean out   the collar piece  for the grasshopper,   run poly foam in it,  and then we can have our final   piece ready for application.  ? ?  - Hi.   - What's up, guys?  Nice to meet you.   - Brian.  - You're gonna be   the Tin Jester.  - Oh, my God, I love the nose.  - There's a lot of patching   to do  'cause our mold   broke in half yesterday.  - Before my team could   even start applying,  there are a couple of pieces   that we need to fix.  The Lollipop Ballerina cowl   is a total disaster.  There's chunks missing.  We've got two big seams.  It's just gonna take   a whole lot of time to fix.  At the same time, me and Derek still have to run this   whole fat suit in poly foam.  It's a lot of work  that you shouldn't be doing   on application day.  ? ?  - How's that feel?   - That's fine.  - [laughs] - There we go.   - Yeah, that's it.  - Perfect. All right.   - In the mad rush of trying  to get ready   for the camera test,  Damien and Matt   are starting to apply,  and I start working   on this turnkey idea.  I find this gear that has   a nice little port to it  which is wide enough   and deep enough  that you can fit the key in,   and you can turn it,  and it won't fall out,   and boom.  It's working out perfect.   It's like it was meant to be.  Check it out.   - [chuckles] Awesome.  Application is going great.  It's just we had a lot   of patching and seaming,  and we really should be   painting at this point,  so we're a little behind.  I really want to win   this finale,  so it's just gonna   come down to  how well we work together  and time management.  ? ?  - There's a lot of work   that we have to pass around  between each other to make sure  that these characters get done.  Mel is applying the   face prosthetic for our fox,  and I'm pre-painting   everything,  and then Kevon's fitting  all the pieces   for the grasshopper,  but the grasshopper body,   it's a little bit tight,  so Kevon needs to dig out   poly foam from the inside  so that it slips   on him nicely.  After that, he's gonna cut   the sides of it  and zip tie it together.  - I'll just use blender pieces   to hide all this.  - We're on task so far,  so it's not as bad as what I   thought it was gonna be today.  ? ?  - Graham and I start pressing  the black all over   the whole cowl  and face of the Tin Jester  because anything metallic   needs a black base first  to really shine and pop.  - Yeah, this will build up nice.  - We got it all blacked out,  and then we're applying   Kryolan aqua silver colors,  and we're just doing   a darker silver,  and then we do one   with another lighter silver  on top of that to hit   all the high points  of the facial structure.  It's very important to get   these paint jobs spot on.  ? ?  - Everything is so frantic   at the lab.  There's half the time left,  but nothing has been   applied yet.  The Lollipop Ballerina cowl   looks so messy and dirty.  I'm second guessing   whether or not  the Ginger General's   too scary,  but things just have   to be applied,  or we have no makeup.  ? ?  - Mel, what do you think  about that kind of eye? - [bleep].   Think that looks really cool,  and it's literal  third dimension.  - I've had an idea for a while   to use this mesh  to go over top of bug eyes  just to really give it   that life-like feel.  - If you feel stressed  about time, do it next time.  - No, I think  we can do it now. - [bleep] do it.   - These are gonna be  a real focal point   to this character,  so I've got to do the best job   that I can on them.  I've never done this before,  so it's kind of scary to be   experimenting around with this on such an important challenge,  but this is the lighting test. This is our time   to experiment around,  so I'm gonna give it a try.  Check that out, Kevon.  - That's aw--dude, yes,   that is really good.  - I couldn't be happier   with how it looks.  This is the exact eye   that I've been wanting to do,  and it came out great.  - It's amazing, Jordan.   - That is cool.  ? ?  - We'll save all the filigree,  I guess, for--  - Yeah, for Last Looks.   - For Last Looks.  - I'm a little worried   because we don't have  much paint detail going on.  It's pretty much a base  and a little bit of contouring,  but both makeups are nowhere   near the finish that we want.  - Have it curl around  and up like that?  - It's a little scary   to depend on one hour  to really finish out   my makeups.  ? ?  - At this point   we're frantically trying  to put these two makeups   together.  Nothing is really planned out,  so we're having to paint   as fast as we can.  I don't know.  Go where your mind takes you. Just lots of bright colors. It's just   a total [bleep] show.  - How much time we have?   We should start packing.  - Yeah, we need to.   Let's go for it.  Start packing it.  Time is starting to slip away,  and I'm getting more   and more worried.  What else do we need?  - I got everything in the bins,  all that glue and stuff. - Yvonne?   - What?  both: Syringes?   - You know where the--  - Where are they?  - I'm really failing...  Grab that latex hand   just to show him.  And it's upsetting.  Grab it, yeah.   Just grab it.  - Okay.  - That's time!  ? ?  - I'm second guessing   the Ginger General,  and I'm looking   at the Lollipop Ballerina,  and I hate the cowl.  It definitely sucks.  - I'm gonna cut a hole here...   - Yeah.  - And then put  that little key in there. - Yeah.  - I can do that after  we get things all painted. - I am nervous because   this is really important,  and I really want   to impress John,  so it's just gonna take a lot   of focus and a lot of energy  to get this perfect   and pristine.  .  [dramatic music]  - We have one hour left   until our camera test,  and we still got   a lot to do today.  We need to finish up   the painting.  We need to get them   into the wardrobe,  and we need to finish   these intricate details  that accentuate   the total picture.  Graham is working   on the Tin Jester,  and Damien and I work   on the Porcelain Prince.  I really want these details   to read well on camera.  - Just this one right here?   - Yeah.  - I don't have enough time to   do both of their entire faces,  but I'm going through and  spraying these filigree stencils in areas on both characters.  Just doing things   on one side of the face  is gonna give John the idea   of what we're going for.  You digging that so far?   - Yeah. Yeah, that's cool.  ? ?  - One more glue job  around the mouth.  It's really, really important  that everything   is glued down real nice  so that she can perform   and speak,  which is different than  your average "Face Off" makeup.  15 minutes, guys.  - Time is ticking away,  and the wardrobe   is just not happening.  - We should just cut it.  - Damien just decides   to cut the collar off,  and we force it   around his shoulders.  - These split-second decisions   can mean everything.  ? ?  - All right, guys, time is up.   You're needed on set.  ? ?  - I feel really great   about the makeups,  but we're not done working.  We could have touchups.  There could be an issue   here or there.  I'm just hoping it's enough  to compete with Walter   and Jordan.  ? ?  I'm just worried   'cause all I see is the flaws.  All I see   is what could've been  or what needs to be done...  - Come with us to Wonderland!   - Wonderworld!  - And I really want   to impress John,  so I'm just hoping that it's   exactly what he's looking for.  - What up? What up? What up?   - Hey.  - Hey, guys.   - How's it going?  - How you doing?  - It's awesome to see all   the cameras and the lighting,  and it's just   an overwhelming experience.  - Let's get you guys   over near our test area,  and we'll start talking.   - All right, awesome.  - We'll get right to work.   - Cool.  - Let's do it.   - I love being on set.  It's gonna be great to see my   characters interact on film...  - Take a seat, Matt.  - In front of the director.  - Can I get a single   on the jester?  Megan, you're going   to pretend you see Alice,  and then turn to the Prince.  All right, ready?  Action.  [exciting music]  I love it, Megan.  Jump up and down   a little bit for me.  Great. She's coming together   really well.  - Yeah.   - I love the idea of, like,  some sort of chest piece.  - Mm-hmm.   - I wanted to see  more of the metal building  throughout her body.  - He'd love to see us   full-out sculpt the body  and bring it down   to the arms as well,  so that's just something extra  to worry about  because of just time management. - Now, let's talk about   the jester.  What are we thinking?  - We wanted to keep it   really metallic and tin.  I'm trying to decide where  to put that kind of coppery red  into here.   - Yeah.  I think that would add a lot   of depth to the shot,  texture.   - Mm-hmm.  I noticed that it would be   more impactful  to actually bring up  that coppery red into the cowl,  and John thinks it would be   a great addition,  so these little things   are really popping out to me  that didn't, you know,   get on the monitor.  - We also created, like,   a whole windup key  that fits on to her back.  - So if the scene started  and the jester   was backwards and off,  and he walked over when he saw   Alice and spun the key,  I love that idea.   - There you go. Yeah.  - 'Cause that would change   the opening of my scene,  but it would do it in a way   that feels really fantastic.  - John loves the idea so much  that he's willing to alter   his script for us.  It's really cool.  - Let's roll when you're ready.   Action.  ? ?  Yep.   Yep, there you go.  Fantastic.   Shriek for me.  - Aah! Aah!   - Yep. Yep. Okay.  Camera cuts.  So where he's cracked   right now--  - It's overdone.   - You need to fade it in.  It needs to be   a little bit more--  - That looks more  like spider webs. - See, that's good   because that--  - That looks great.   - Yeah, that's nice.  - That's fantastic.   - It's subtle.  - And it has a shadow.   - Yeah.  - See, the other ones look drawn  on even though they're not.  - The main concern that John   has with the Porcelain Prince  is that the cracks   were too harsh,  that we need to lighten them.  It's just another burden   to finish out.  - All right, guys,   fantastic work.  - Thanks.   - I'm excited.  I mean, let's just take it   to the next level.  - I feel great knowing  that we don't have to resculpt   any of our pieces,  but there's still a lot to do   to make this come together.  ? ?  - Bye. [dramatic music]  - So we get into   the Last Looks,  and we need to throw   the entire head  onto the grasshopper as well   as do a lot of painting.  It's really important for John   to see these characters  as full as possible   so that we understand  the vision   that he's looking for,  so this lighting test is   really make or break for us.  - Where's our sponge bucket?  I feel like I'm losing   my [bleep] mind.  - Kevon and Mel are working   on these fox feet and hands,  but because we have   limited time today,  we're gonna be laying   a lot of patches of fur  onto the fox versus   laying hair on it.  It's just to give a general   idea of how it's gonna look.  - Personally I think it's   a little too dark right here.  - It is. Yeah.   - I think it could just use  a little pop like the head has.  I'm realizing that there   are different colors of green.  They look different enough   that it's almost an accident,  so I begin dry-brushing more   shades of green, more yellows, to start pulling the color   all back into this.  This right here is killing me.  I mean, it's--  - We'll be able  to adjust on final day. - That's 15 minutes, you guys.  ? ?  - In these last few minutes,   it's such a crazy rush.  We're moving   as fast as possible.  There's brushes   flying everywhere.  We're tripping over things.  We really need to get   these guys done.  ? ?  - All right, that's time.  You're needed on set.   - All right.  - We didn't get as much done   as we wanted to,  which I'm a little bit   worried about,  but they both look pretty cool.  I'm really hoping   that John likes these  because if he's not digging   our characters,  we really don't have   a whole lot of time  to change an entire   grasshopper character,  so hopefully I don't have   to make many changes.  I can just keep building   and win.  .  - Hey, Jordan.   - Hi, guys.  How are you?   - How's it going?  - It's really cool   to walk in here  knowing that we're about   to test all of this out  for the film   that we're about to shoot.  - Let's get you guys over here   to our test set,  and then we'll start talking   about some stuff.  Sounds good?   - Cool.  - All right.   - I'm pretty excited.  I see the setup   with all the different greens, and they've got   these giant mushrooms,  and then I'm looking back  at my grasshopper character   trying to figure out  if he's gonna really stand out   in this environment.  - Here we go, and action.  Brian, tilt your head forward   a little bit.  See, now that he's leading   with his head...  - The grasshopper, yeah.  - You might just angle up   his antennas a little higher.  Yeah, see, so he doesn't   poke him in the face, right?  - This lighting test for the   grasshopper's really important  because we find out exactly how   the lighting plays  with all the different planes   on his body and his face,  so now we know what kind  of adjustments we need to make.  - Give me some context about   where you guys are.  - There's a few things  that we're looking   to possibly change.  We're playing around  with the idea of actually  making an entire lower half  so that he's all grasshopper   from the waist down.  - Uh-huh. Honestly,   if you guys could do the legs,  that would be really cool.   - Yeah.  - That would just take it   in a whole place  that I think--I think  you would just elevate   just the overall look of him.  - John loves that idea.  He thinks it's gonna   really make it  into a more full character,  but that means we have   a lot of work to do.  - Camera, cut real quick.  I just want him--look directly   into lens for two seconds.  See his eyes?  - Mm-hmm.   - Right now you have  contacts in there?   - No.  - We might need to think   about that  because if we are outside,   and this light hits him,  and I catch human eyes   in there,  it's gonna give away   that those aren't nostrils.  - Um, Mel was talking  about putting a mesh in there  that he could see through that--  - That would help.  - And he can paint on top of the  mesh and even the plane field.  - Either put black lenses in.   - Yeah.  So that's something to work on.  - This grasshopper is gonna   take a decent amount of time,  especially with full   grasshopper legs.  - Spend a little time on fox.   Great job. Great job.  - Hopefully for   the fox character  we're not gonna have   to change too much.  - Action.  Christoff, will you look   at grasshopper real quick?  Now look profile.  Okay, see,   look at his nose right now.  He needs to look   more like a fox.  - Yeah.   John thinks the snout needs  to be a little bit   more elongated.  I don't want to make it   too much longer,  so we've really got to play   around with the idea  of "satisfy the director  but not lose   that makeup quality to it."  - What I think you can do is   if you did an alginate  on your rubber face  and you just sculpted   a little extension.  - With an extension.   - Ohh.  - It would fit  right over the top. - Mr. Westmore's got   a great idea  to essentially make  a prosthetic for the prosthetic  so that we can go in  and not have to completely   resculpt the fox face.  - Our Spring Fox, I like it.  The one thing I would say,   though,  is if it's bright outside,  he might be   a little too bright.  - Yeah.  - Maybe make him   a little more orange.  - The camera washes out   his face a little bit,  so it feels like we need to   make it pop a little bit more. - I think the fox is,   right now, a little bit too--  - The fox's face is what you   really have to work on.  - Yeah. Yeah.  The grasshoppers almost there,   you know,  outside of maybe you guys   do the legs and stuff.  - Awesome.   - All right?  You guys are killing it.  - Overall I'm really happy with   how the lighting test went.  Everything read pretty well,  and it gives us   a really good idea  on what we need to change   for film day.  ? ?  - We've got one hour left,   and we have to get  these makeups finished   despite how unorganized  and frustrated and frantic   we are.  Definitely regretting  how many lollipops   there are on this ballerina  because they need   to be hand-painted,  and I don't have time   to do that,  so I'm airbrushing everything.  I really want everything   to be seamless,  so I'm gluing licorice   into the hair,  and then I go and see   what I can do to help Derek.  Oh, we didn't grab  the damn sprinkles.  It really sucks to miss   the sprinkles  because the sprinkles   are that fun little element  that makes the Ginger General   look like a cookie.  Would've made this guy  look way more comical.  I'm extremely frustrated   at this point.  ? ?  - Are we good? - Yeah, it's good.   - Perfect.  The cowl doesn't even have   a blending edge whatsoever,  so we have to figure out   something to cover this,  so we add a bunch of cellophane   wrappers to disguise it.  I don't know if it looks good,   but it works.  ? ?  - All right, guys, time is up.   You're needed on set.  - Whew.  I'm happy that they're done,   and I'm happy with my team,  but I really don't know   what John's gonna think  about either of them.  Come on.  I'm really bummed out.  They're not up to the quality   of work I've been doing,  so I just really want   to hear the advice  that John has to make   these makeups better.  - What's up, Walter?   Come on in, guys.  - Hey.   - All right.  - What's up? What's up?  - We walk through   the giant doors,  and McKenzie, John,  and Mr. Westmore   are waiting for us,  and it's a hot set.  There's people everywhere,  and there is a dinner table   with nothing  but sweets and desserts   all over it,  and we all sit down   to start our lighting test.  - Let's take a look   at this on camera.  And action.  So the thing right off the bat  I'm concerned about   is the General right now,  and he comes off   a little too threatening.  - It's a little eye-opening  to see it through   the lens of the camera  because the Ginger General's   not fitting in.  He looks not so inviting.  He doesn't look anything   but really intimidating.  - In this whimsical environment, it is Alice in Wonderland.  This should feel  really bright and fun for her.  - He's supposed  to be inviting to Alice. Right now, I would never  go near that. - Yeah, right.   - That would terrify me.  - You really have to think   about resculpting his face.  - He's just a big failure,   and it's pretty upsetting,  'cause on my season,   I was the only finalist  who didn't have   to redo anything,  so coming from that to this   kills my confidence totally.  - What is he? I don't know.   - Yeah.  I really want this,   but I feel like the odds  are heavily stacked against me   at this point.  - All right, guys, it's time   to get on Twitter and tell us  who you think had   the best camera test  using #FaceOff.  .  - Right now, what is he? I don't know, and that's   my biggest question to you.  - So far this challenge   has been one long nightmare.  - I think you really have   to think  about resculpting his face.  - The Ginger General   is way too scary,  and he wasn't feeling   the fat suit,  so now I have to restart   everything.  I'm scared because   I'm competing for $100,000.  - Of course.  You want to win $100,000?   - Yeah.  - Then you better make  the best damn Gingerbread man  I've ever seen.  - I'm upset I failed   so miserably,  but I want to win,  so doing a complete redo   is the only way to go.  - Camera, cut.  Can we pan over to Lollipop,   please?  I think you're closer with her   than you are with him.  - Yeah, I agree.   - Okay, I think right now  she's the "dessert ballerina."   - Mm-hmm.  - Really emphasize lollipops   around her.  - I already know I have   to resculpt the cowl  just because it was   so messed up,  and I'm worried   about having enough time  to make all of these changes.  - This here looks   more like war paint.  - And that paint job  may actually be   making her more threatening.  - She needs to get  her lips done.  She needs a fantasy eye makeup  as opposed  to making her forehead look  like she has a rash.  - At the end of this  consultation, I am pretty upset. - I think with both   of your characters the answer  is you guys need to create   an identity  that is consistent.   - Yeah.  - Right now,  both your characters are, like,  a mish-mash of things,  and that's just confusing to me. - It's definitely   a ego-killer...  - Dude, you got this,   all right?  - Yeah, absolutely.   I'll give it my best.  - I know.  - But I'm gonna try and rally.  - See you guys, okay?   - Bye, guys. Good luck.  - All right.   - Thank you, guys.  I really want this.  We have to come up with better   concepts and stronger makeups.  - Next time on "Face Off"...  I do have one more surprise  for you.   - Ouch.  - I can't think of any worse   of a scenario.  - Action!  - My heart's going   a million miles an hour.  - The winner of  "Face Off: Battle Royale" is...  ? ?  .  McKenzie: Previously, on   "Face Off: Battle Royale"...  the artists made   underwater creatures.  Jordan's sinister sea monster   terrified the judges,  leaving the bottom look   on the brink of elimination,  and tonight--  Welcome to the semifinals.   - [bleep].  - Oh, my God.  - I need to get   into that finale.  - I'm feeling sheer   panic and horror.  - When I first saw it,   you know what I thought of?  Harry Potter, here I come.  - This is complete hell.  ? ?  - This is "Face Off:   Battle Royale."  all: Whoo!  [exciting music]  ? ?  [upbeat music]  ? ?  [ominous music]  - It is pitch black in here.   - Oh, dude, that's awesome.  - It's like a cave.   - We walk into the lab,  and I'm immediately stoked  because it's been transformed   into a bat cave.  Oh, bats.   I love bats.  - Whoa. A bunch of webs--   - Oh, I walked through it.  Gross!  [laughter]  - It seems like this is gonna be  a really exciting challenge.  - Welcome to the semifinals.  - Oh.   - I'm ready.  - One of the six of you  will be our new champion.  So let's get right into   your next Spotlight Challenge.  For centuries, superstitions   have existed around bats...  - Yeah.  - And their supernatural   connection  to one of the most terrifying   creatures of the night;  vampires.  - Yes.   - Yeah.  - Awesome.   - Makeup artists have long  used bats and their incredibly   unique anatomy as inspiration  for their bloodsucking creations in all sorts of films,   like "Nosferatu,"  "Dracula," and "Blade."  So in your next   Spotlight Challenge,  you will be doing the same thing by choosing a real bat  and using it as inspiration  for an original   vampire character.  - Oh.   - Nice.  - I love that.   - That's awesome.  - I love vampires.  I love bat creatures.  I love everything about this.  It's right up my alley.  - Now, before you choose a bat,  there is something   that I do need to tell you.  - Oh.  - Head-to-head battles are gone, and this week   it's a battle royale.  - Oh.  - So that means it's everyone   for themselves  in one grand battle  to determine   this season's finalists.  - That changes everything.  This is do-or-die.   This is it.  - And I have another   game-changer to share.  Unfortunately, we only have room  for three finalists...  - Oh, my God. - Which means half of you...   - [bleep].  - Will be going home this week.  - Oh, God.   - That's crazy.  I don't think I've ever seen   a challenge  that's eliminated   half of us before.  So I'm gonna do my best to be   on the half that stays.  - This is gonna be insane.  - All right,   now that all that nasty stuff  is out of the way,   let's select bats.  - Oh, that's awesome.   - You'll be choosing  from the false vampire bat,  painted bat,   slit-faced bat,  mouse-eared bat,   horseshoe bat,  and bamboo bat.  Walter, you're first.  - No way.  False vampire bat.  - Painted bat.  - Horseshoe bat.  - Mouse-eared bat.  - Slit-faced bat.  - The bamboo bat.  - We've got your bats,  but we have one more   piece of business  to attend to.  Jordan, since you won   last week's challenge,  you've earned the help   of an industry expert.  So let's meet him.  - All right.  - With a career   spanning 30 years,  he's kind of done it all,  but he's particularly   well-suited  to this week's challenge,  having created vampires   for "True Blood,"  "The Twilight Saga: New Moon," and "Underworld: Awakening."  Please welcome two-time  Emmy Award-winning makeup artist Todd Masters.  - Ooh. Wow.   - Nice.  [applause]  - How's it going, man?  It's gonna be really cool   to work beside Todd.  Can't wait to hear   his vampire advice.  - Good to see you again.   - Hi. Good to see you too.  - Thanks for having me.   - All right.  You ready to get to work?   - Yeah. Sounds great.  - Well, if you would join Jordan  over there, please.  - Okay.   - Nice to meet you, man.  - Hey. How are you?   - Okay, guys.  Keep in mind   that this is your last chance  to show the judges   what you're made of  before they choose   this season's finalists.  Good luck.  - Thank you.   - Thanks.  - Bye, guys.   - Thanks.  - Thank you.   - No pressure.  - [chuckles]  [upbeat electronic music]  ? ?  Look at all this to go--   okay, great.  - I've got  two hours with you.  This is a crucial challenge   to have the help  of an industry expert,  especially with three of us   getting eliminated.  It couldn't have come   at a better time.  - I mean, we're not  going cute, right? - No.   - We're going creepy?  I picked the horseshoe bat.  We're taking a lot of   different ideas from the nose  and the ears to make him   really old-looking.  I think it'd be cool to kind of, like, have him,  like, more sunken-in cheeks,  and, like, kind of mimic the  ears with, like, the cheekbones. - That's totally it. Yeah, yeah.  That's a great idea. - I'm just planning on doing   a face and a cowl.  I'm really automatically  thinking quality over quantity.  I made this mistake   once before on my season,  and that's what sent me home.  So let's hope it's not a repeat  and I go into the finale   on this one.  - Big ears, big nose-- [upbeat music]  - Semifinal--to me,   it means "almost,"  and "almost"   is not good enough in my book.  This is where I was   on season two,  and I didn't make it   any further.  It's been eating at me,  and I don't want to   repeat history.  I have in mind a large,   intimidating character,  using the larger ears   of the mouse-eared bat.  So I'm gonna go angular   with a lot of the structure.  So it's more of an albino,   ancient vampire.  I literally need to destroy   every contestant,  because now   I'm against everyone,  and it's more like,  "I'm not in here with you.  You're in here with me."  ? ?  - I want my vampire   to be a badass bitch.  I'm so happy   I got the painted bat.  I want her to be   irresistible to look at,  closer to a glam-pire.  I want her to have  really accentuated   bone structure,  and I want to make an umbrella so that she won't get burned.  I feel focused,  and if I'm going out,   I'm going out swinging.  [upbeat music]  ? ?  - One of the only challenges  that I look back   on my season and think,  "Wow, I wish I could have redone  that and made it cooler,"  was the Skull Island challenge.  I made a bat creature   with these huge wings,  and it was just a big disaster.  What I did accomplish   is that challenge  did shoot me into the finale,  and I would like to repeat that. I have the false vampire bat.  It's the scariest-looking bat. So the forms that I'm going   for are big powerful jaws,  really big bat ears.  I'm swinging for the fences.  ? ?  [pulsing techno music]  ? ?  - [whispering] I wouldn't   do that if I were you.  - Shut up, Derek.   - [laughs]  - Well, I feel like I started   off the season really strong  and then, like, slowly been   losing the challenges.  I'm getting my energy back up, and I'm definitely motivated   to get into the finale.  I have this tiny, little,   itty-bitty bamboo bat.  It reads more cute   than ferocious,  so I think I'm gonna make   a sleek and sexy creature.  He's got some fun   nose anatomy  that I really want to base   my sculpture around.  I'm feeling pretty confident   in this design,  and I'm having a lot of fun,  which usually means   good things--  I'll knock on wood.  - I like that a lot, dude.   - Yeah?  - Yeah.  ? ?  - I choose the slit-faced bat.  On this bat, there's a bit   split up the middle,  so I want to incorporate   that into my design.  I want my vampire to look like she's been trapped   for centuries in a dungeon.  There's a lot riding on this.  I really want to do this   for my family, for my son.  I've been here a long time  without seeing him,   and it's hard,  and I've really got   to step it up,  because I want to be   in this finale.  ? ?  - You want to do a little   switch, try a few things?  - Yeah.   - Is that all right?  - That's cool with me, yeah. Our plan is to move   back and forth  between the two sculptures  so that they have   a cohesive feel to them.  I want something that you see  just how it resembles the nose  on the horseshoe bat,  because it's a really   cool shape.  - A lot of cat out of this   instead of bat--  - Right now, the nose feels   a little bit cat-like,  but once we get that   forehead piece put into there,  it's gonna have the more   bat feel to it.  - This is looking   really good, Jordan.  - Thanks, man.  - Yeah, you made some really   good decisions in here.  - I'm happy that I got Todd's   help on this challenge.  - Nice working with you.  It's been awesome   working beside you.  - It was actually a lot of fun.   - Oh, yeah.  - So thank you very much.  Good luck.   - Thank you.  He's really given me a lot of  energy to move on to the finale. - Cheers.  [upbeat electronic music]  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.  - Hi.   - Hey.  - Hi, Mr. Westmore.  - Now, what bat  did you select?  - I selected the painted bat. - Your direction is toward,   like, a vampiress?  - Yes.   - Okay.  You've got a good start   on your face,  but everything you have  going here is cute.  This actually looks like  a pretty lady  that's gone to sleep.  You need to bring  a little bit more scary  to sell the vampire.  - Mr. Westmore does not   love my design.  - I haven't seen them yet,  but I'm concerned with  how it's gonna compete  with the other ones.  - He said, "I haven't   even seen everybody else's,  and I know yours is not enough." Now I'm second-guessing myself  a little bit.  I don't want to make  it too batty. - I don't want you  to go home, either.  - The competition   is thinning down.  So if I don't pull this out   this week, that's it.  I'm definitely going home.  McKenzie: The winner of   "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip from   Kryolan Professional Make-up  to one of their 85   international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  [upbeat music]  - It needs some expression.  I would extend your chin  a little bit,  your ears--  doing the nose,  as opposed to being so cute--  - Now I'm second-guessing myself  a little bit.  I'm not sure if I'm gonna   keep it the same or change it. I just need to think about it.  - Step it up  just a little teeny bit.  - Okay.  - And what bat did you choose?   - The mouse-eared bat.  - I think the main thing you're   gonna have to be careful with  in here--and I like it--  is your painting.  Maybe paler in the center  so it's really visible,  and let it pick up  its own shadows,  as opposed to you trying to do  a lot of shading in there  and getting this too dark  and losing it.  It's so busy, you really  need that to pop out.  - I got the false vampire bat. - With the lips,  as opposed to giving it   a really human,  sharp edge on that,  that could become smooth,  because when you see  that tight lip line--  you know,  you put your hand on that,  - Mm-hmm. - And you're seeing a person  there with a cleft chin,  as opposed to the vampire.  - Yeah.   - I got the slit-faced bat.  His nose is what   I'm really focusing on.  - I'm just wondering if you  ought to take advantage  of a little bit  more flair here,  because it's--  all of a sudden,  we have this little nose  peeking out,  and this is all falling  away from it,  as opposed to giving it  a little more definition.   - Bring it--okay.  So bring it outwards more  so it looks more deeper? - Yeah, I'd bring it out  a little bit more.  Yeah.   - Cool.  - So I got the bamboo bat.  He's a tiny little critter.   So--  - Boy, he sure is.  - If I leave my blending edge  right here underneath the jawline...   - Yeah.  - Do you think it's a good idea  to leave this split open or do you think  I should close it? - By leaving it open,  it's easier to close it up  and overlap it  than it is to all of a sudden  pull this over  and it doesn't quite fit.  - This gives me more play.   - Yeah.  It can be close,   but I would leave it open.  - Gotcha.   - I got the horseshoe bat.  I've got this really crazy   nose on his face.  - Mm-hmm.  With your cowl,  I would change your ears.  When I first saw it,  you know what I thought of?  - Dobby?   [laughs]  - Harry Potter,  here I come.  - Yeah.  - Well, I think  you've got a good start.  - Just change those ears up?   - I would say, for sure.  - Yeah.  - Bye, everybody.  - Bye, Mr. Westmore.   - Good luck.  - Thank you.   - Thanks.  ? ?  - Mr. Westmore advises me   to up the forms I have  and make them   more exaggerated.  So I'm gonna take his advice   and make the nose and ears  look more specifically   like my bat,  but other than that,  I'm gonna stay true to my idea.  - I mean, I want her  to be pretty.  A lot of my competitors  do heavy textures   and heavy sculpts,  and I think beauty's a way  to highlight   what makes me different.  I feel like  I've just got to dance to the beat  of my own drum this time. - True.   - It's weird going against  Mr. Westmore's advice,  but this is the semifinals.   I can't be wish-washy.  I'm gonna make the most   beautiful vampire I can.  I'm committing to my ideas.  It's a whole new Mel.  [upbeat music]  ? ?  - Thanks. Mr. Westmore told me the nose   looks like it's deep in--  like, pretty much   a hole in the face,  and I definitely   don't want that look.  I want it to look like a bat.  So I'm trying to push out   the nose a little bit.  - This nose looks great, man.   - Yeah. Thanks, man.  The longer I work on it,   the cooler it's looking...  - One hour!  - But I'm not sure   if I'll have time  to mold it   and have it for tomorrow.  I think I could do it  in an hour. - Quickest molder  in the game--  yeah, you got this.  [laughter]  - Funny. ? ?  - 15 minutes, guys.  - Time is ticking,  and I mold it,  but it's definitely not cured   enough to open and clean out.  - That's time.  - I just ran out of time.  - All right, all right,   all right.  - Most everybody got   their face molded  and has a cowl sculpted,   as well.  So it feels like I'm behind.  It's gonna be tough   to get into that finale.  - [grunts]  [upbeat electronic music]  ? ?  - So for today, I just   really want to focus on  getting my sculpts done   as quick as possible.  This could be my last chance   to really impress the judges,  so I want all the detail,   all the textures,  to be as good as possible.  I finish up my face. I'm really   happy with where it's at.  So now I'm going in   and re-blocking out my cowl,  just because my original ears  were facing downward   a little too much,  and it didn't quite resemble   the horseshoe bat  that I'm trying to go for.  So I chopped those off   and repositioned them  in that more upward motion.  [lively rock music]  ? ?  - I really want to prove myself  to the judges this challenge,  and I think my wings   will help do that.  I decide to take the mannequin   and lay it down  and structure the wings   out of clay  that I can   then stipple latex into  and have a finished product.  - Looks really [bleep] good.   - Thanks.  ? ?  So I take my time to sculpt  all those details and forms   into the clay,  and then I can just stipple   the latex right on top,  and I don't have   to run it at all.  I'm hoping it'll save me   some time down the road.  ? ?  [pulsing electronic music]  - Instead of doing   the predisposed  classic vampire wings,  I wanted to step out of the box   a little bit.  So I'm doing a scorpion-like   humpback feature  to create a striking profile.  I think it stands out.  It gives it that extra level  that no one else   is thinking about.  Time is ticking,   so I really need this piece  to come out well,  and then my sculpt cracks.  I'm feeling sheer panic   and horror.  Oh, my God. I'm not going   to have this back piece  that's gonna set me apart.  This challenge is deciding   who will be in the finale,  and I'm thinking,   "This could be it."  [dramatic music]  .  [upbeat electronic music]  - I'm freaking out that I'm not   going to have this back piece  and I'm just gonna be another   face and a cowl in the crowd.  I need to pull out   all the stops  to make this come together,  and so I just think,  "What do I have to do   to fix this?"  And I just reach   for a popsicle stick,  and I shove it in one side   and blend it under the mold  and start packing   on that ultra cowl,  and then a wave of calm comes   over me like a Zen state of,  "Okay, we've got this."   It's working completely.  [upbeat music]  - I have a lot of things to do.  I want to do a big chest,  and then I'm detailing   the cowl.  I really want it   to be powerful,  so I'm making traps   that are really big,  but I've been so focused   on my own work,  and I look across the room   and notice  that everybody's   already in the mold room  and has been in the mold room.  So I really need to focus on   knocking out this cowl  as fast as possible.  ? ?  [upbeat rock music]  ? ?  - I really want to keep   this bat fleshy but brown.  I'm gonna stick mostly  to the colors of my actual bat.  Even though I'm planning on  using the second face tomorrow,  so that way I can cohesively   paint everything at once,  it's nice to know that I have   this first face as a backup  in case time gets ahead of me   with application.  - That looks pretty bitching.   - Yeah?  - Yeah.  ? ?  - What's our time? - 27 minutes.  Time's running out,  and I'm worried  I'm not gonna   get these molds done.  There's still steam   coming off the mold  because it's still curing,  but I got to get this thing out. - Got that sand hammer?  - Fortunately, it opens,  but it's full of clay.  I'm so close to the finale.  If I were to lose  just because   I can't get a mold out,  it would be crushing.  ? ?  - That's time.  - Thankfully, I got my cowl   cleaned out just in time.  Even though I love   what I came up with,  I know I have   a lot of work to do,  and I know that it's gonna come  down to execution and paint job. ? ?  [dramatic percussive music]   [laughter]  - A lot to do.   - It's application day.  We've got four hours   in the lab,  one hour at Last Looks,  and then we find out   who is in the finale.  How does that [bleep] happen? Walk in, and my cowl   has some steam pockets,  which happens when the mold   is just so wet,  and it collapses the foam.  Super weird--  It looks really terrible,  but the front of it   all looks fine.  So I'm just gonna hide it   with hair  and darker colors  and hope nobody notices.  [upbeat music]  - What's going on?   Good to see you again.  - Good to see you again.  - Ready to be a vampire?   - Yeah.  - One, two, three.  ? ?  - So to apply these wings,  I posture my model  in the same way   I had the mannequin.  I have her hands up on stools  and I have her laying facedown.  Yeah, this is kind of perfect,   actually.  It takes a little bit  of finessing and a lot of glue,  but it's buckling   in a really natural way.  I mean, she can't do this,   but beyond that,  she's moving around.  They look like wings.  Cool.  ? ?  - With this character,  I'm really pulling out   all the stops.  So after I get everything   applied down,  I go in with a brown   and start spattering  that on there lightly,  and then I go in with   a little bit of purples  and reds here and there,  just to give him that older,   liver-spotty look  and to have it kind of go along  with the dissipating hair,   as well.  Once I start laying the pinks   into the nose and in the ears, I'm really starting to see  this horseshoe bat come to life. - It's looking tight, dude.   - Thanks, man.  - Try tilting it forward.   - Yeah.  - Pieces turned out great, but   they're taking a little longer  than I expected to patch,  even though they're   very subtle little things.  I notice a lot of the   competitors already painting,  and I'm starting to second-guess  the amount of pieces I have.  I know that it has to be worthy  to make it into the finale.  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - All right,  the scary part.  I'm going back to my roots   for this paint job  'cause I've lost the last   three battles in a row.  I'm blasting another color  all over your head.  You know, I've been trying   to do innovative things,  and I feel like it's biting me   in the ass  the last couple challenges.  So this time I'm gonna airbrush  absolutely everything on this. It's just my forte.  I think you're looking   pretty good right now.  ? ?  - For my vampire,   I'm gonna use the colors--  the actual palette   that's on the bat,  and the nose is my focal point.  I'm gonna go with some purples and some blues   and a lot of browns.  It looks like--  more like real skin. ? ?  We got 15 minutes, guys.  ? ?  - That's time!  I've got a lot to do still. Leaving for Last Looks,  I am nowhere near   done with the painting,  so I start to panic   a little bit,  because this is as far as I got   last time I was on "Face Off." I do have flashbacks   of that gut-wrenching feeling  of not having your name called   to get in the finale.  That's not where I want to be.  ? ?  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - We're in Last Looks.   We have an hour left.  An hour's not a lot of time   for what I want to do,  but I'll hope for the best.  Let's go ahead  and put that hump on.  I just start painting her hump.  I think the hump will give it   that creepy profile.  I want to be in this finale.  I want to make it to the end.  ? ?  - I'm finishing up the paint job  with stencils,  and I just airbrushed   this blood splatter  to add the contrast   between the white and the red. At this point,   every second that I'm using  is applying something   to this makeup.  ? ?  - We've got to start   gluing some hair.  Hair laying is really tricky,  and it's really hard   to get it to look cohesive.  I'm laying this beautiful,   flowing mane.  It's gonna really   pop off the profile  and make that little   egg head shape  a lot more complex   and breathtaking.  ? "Laying hair is fun" ?  ? Said no one, ever ?  ? ?  - 15 minutes, guys.  ? ?  - That's time, everybody.  - Thank you for being awesome.   - You're welcome.  - I'm a little nervous,  because half of us   are gonna be eliminated.  So I really hope that I'm not   falling short of the finale.  I've actually been through   this situation before,  and going home at the semifinals  again would really hurt.  .  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - Good evening, semifinalists.   - Thank you.  - Evening.   - Welcome to the "Face Off"  reveal stage.  As you know, tonight,  three of you will be eliminated, and three of you will make it   to this season's finale.  Please say hello to the people  who have to make   that tough decision tonight;  our amazing judges--  owner of Alchemy Studios,   Glenn Hetrick...  - Good evening.   - Good evening.  - Evening, Glenn.  - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning  makeup artist Ve Neill...  - Good evening, everyone.   - [laughs]  - Hey.   - And, of course,  creature and concept designer   Neville Page.  - Hello.   - Hello, Neville.  - All right, let's get to it.  For your Spotlight Challenge, we asked you each  to select a unique bat and use it as inspiration  for an original   vampire character.  Because it is the semifinals,  we did away   with head-to-head battles  in favor of one giant   battle royale.  Let's take a look   at your vampires.  Matt, you're up first.  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - I love this vampire.  It really stands out completely  from all the other makeups.  He has this kind of swagger  of that dark,   vampiric character.  ? ?  - He's just so powerful   and so cool,  and his paint job   definitely stands out  from everyone else's,  and I'm loving   my makeup so much.  ? ?  - It looks like   all of the boys' bats  are from the same town and mine   is from a different state,  but that's what a vampire   looks like to me.  ? ?  - It's reading really well   from where I'm at,  and I'm really loving   the makeup that I did today.  It's 50/50 on who's   going to the finale.  So it's nerve-racking,  but I'm very confident   in my makeup.  ? ?  - She looks rad.  I wish I would've painted   the chest a little bit darker, but still, overall, I'm really   stoked on the way she looks.  ? ?  - Standing there, looking at   my character on stage,  I really feel like this is an  All-Stars finale-worthy makeup.  I really wanted to go for   quality over quantity on this,  and I think I achieved that.  ? ?  - Okay, judges.  Why don't you go ahead  and take a closer look  at tonight's makeups?  ? ?  - There are some nice details.  I really like this little paint   detail on this jawline.  - I love this bold choice  to create a single dorsal ridge  instead of a pair of wings.  - Yeah.  - I love the coloration   on this one.  - Oh, yeah.  He's striking, powerful,   menacing.  - This is Mel's finest work   to date.  She's really gone for it.  - And I like the fact that she   made it so feminine, as well.  - The combination of that nose,   the chin,  and then the hunch on the back  really plays on the age   of the vampire species.  - Looks like she's wearing   a backpack, guys.  Come on.  I can't believe how beautiful   this chest piece is.  - Unfortunately, I like   the chest a little more  than I like the face.  - Here's this bitchin' dude.  Look at the detail and the   wrinkling on his forehead.  It's unbelievable.  - And he's using   every single drop of color  to push forth everything   he did in the sculpture.  Thank you.  ? ?  - All right, guys,   so normally this is where  I would tell you that the judges have scored your creations   and want to speak with you,  but tonight we're doing things   a bit differently.  Since half of you   are going home tonight,  we need to see what you're   made of as makeup artists.  - How do we do that?   - Now, sometimes in Hollywood,  there are last-minute changes   to the script,  and tonight is no exception.  - [bleep].  - So we need to see   what your vampires look like  after they've been   exposed to sunlight.  - Oh, man.  - You're getting another hour   of Last Looks  and one more chance   to wow the judges.  - Oh, [bleep].  This totally changes   the challenge.  I don't want to get this close   to the finale  and just fall by the wayside.  - An hour is no time   to transform  a whole makeup   we spent days creating.  So this has definitely turned   the competition on its head,  and I am just praying   I can make it through  this next elimination.  ? ?  .  ? ?  - You're getting another hour  of Last Looks  and one more chance   to wow the judges.  - Oy.   - Oh, [bleep].  - Models, why don't you   take your places  back in the makeup room?  ? ?  Now, I know this is   a bit of a shocker,  but are you guys ready   to do this?  - Let's do it.   - Yeah, I got.  - Okay, your time starts now.  - Let's go.   - [laughing]  ? ?  - Let's see how this goes.  - Back at it again.  This is what's standing   in between  me and the finale.  So I have to apply   an amazing burn makeup  and wow those judges with it.  My plan is to create   black texture  but also bloody, raw tissue,  kind of like sunlight is coming   in from different angles  and burning his flesh.  So I'm using Artex,   which looks flesh-like,  and then I add   some of the blood  and then brush over that   with black paint.  ? ?  - All right,   let's [bleep] you up.  I've actually been through   this situation before.  On my season,   three of us had one hour  to make revisions   to our character,  and that one hour   was complete hell.  So for this one   I'm really hoping  that it's not quite as frantic,  and I start plucking away   foam from his head  just to make him   look really deteriorated.  After I get that done,   I start painting  different reds, purples,   and browns.  It's kind of sad   to pluck away this hard work,  but it's also cool   to transform him  into something completely new.  Looks pretty sweet, actually.   [laughs]  ? ?  - Here we go. For this burn makeup, I'm using the gelatin as a really melted part   of the flesh,  and then I lay   tissue paper over that,  and I peel that back,   like the charred flesh  is breaking away   and revealing the melted skin.  Come on.  But it looks   too much like rubber,  and I'm just kind of   smearing things around.  So I'm very nervous.  ? ?  - I hate doing this.  I love this makeup. We have to recreate   our vampires,  which I feel like   I should be exempt for,  because I'm the only one   who brought an umbrella,  but I'm gonna do the best I can  because I'm not ready to go yet. I put some Artex on the face.  It makes it look   like it's melted,  rather than burned,  which is more of the look   I'm going for,  and then I add lots   of blood drips,  which creates a lot of depth.  It looks really creepy.  I want you to be, like,  a bloody mess.  ? ?  - I'll burn your arm   and half your face.  I want to make her look like  she's trying to protect herself   from the sun,  and just the side of her   gets burned.  I grab black dust powder   and mix that into Pros-Aide  to make crispy burned material,  and then I start   painting yellows and reds  to give it, like,   a blistery look.  I feel it looks very realistic,  and so I'm just gonna do it   as much as I can  until the last few seconds.  You're kind of like, "Ah!"  - This Artex [bleep]   looks so badass.  I really want   the midway process of her  in the sunlight being burned   before she gets destroyed.  So I'm making all these just,   like, gross raised burns  that are extremely shiny   and gelatinous.  So it looks like these burns  go deep into the anatomy   of my vampire.  I'm feeling optimistic,  but I'm also   definitely worried,  because there's only three slots  in the finale.  - All right, guys.   You have 15 minutes left.  ? ?  All right, guys.  Time is up.  - Oh-ho!   - Brushes down.  - Man, I thrashed   a makeup I really love.  My heart's sinking a little bit. [bleep].   I don't like the burn makeup.  It's knocked me down  from one of the better makeups,  so now I'm definitely stressed  and worried about it.  It would suck so much   to get this close  and still not make it.  [bleep].   I just want to win.  [upbeat music]  ? ?  - I think I pulled it off.  It looks like   it's pretty cohesive.  It has a fleshy look   with the charcoal burn,  and I'm just hoping that's   enough to pull me through.  - He's got some really nice   textured stuff here,  sort of boily.  - There's no directionality   to it at all.  Can you tip your head down?  - It's really nice up in here.  - He did a great job of placing  all the damage in a way  that still retains the beauty   of the original design.  - You can still see   my good makeup  underneath that crap that   I just smeared all over it,  but I don't know if the judges  will think it's as fun  and as cool as it was before.  - A lot of the damage is here   in the trapezius area.  - That's serious damage.  What's cool about this image   is he still looks badass.  - He didn't do all that much,  but at least   it's all from this direction.  - Once again, I've taken an   unconventional route to this,  and I hope that they appreciate  I went for something   a little different.  We'll find out.  - It doesn't feel like there's  a single source of inspiration.  - Yeah, I don't get it.  It's just a little blood   dripping everywhere.  - Her hair's also burnt.   - Singed.  - She burned the umbrella,  and then the vampire character   is patching it  to keep the sun off of it.  I love that.   I love the way it ties in.  - That's what all those   little pinpoints are,  is it came through the umbrella. - I feel very confident   in my makeup.  I'm still nervous, obviously,   but it looks very realistic,  and I'm very happy   how it turned out.  - This makes a lot of sense.   - Mm-hmm.  - You can tell where   the source of the light is,  and he's the only one who got   into using these yellow tones.  - That exposure of fat  under the flesh feels realistic. - I actually like   it better burned.  - Yeah. I just wish   it didn't end right there.  It kind of needs to--  - Yeah, it's just   a little too down the middle.  - Harvey Two-Face.  - She's smoldering,   the burns are glistening,  and it looks awesome.  It's really cool to go   from liking a character  to loving it   after destroying it.  - This helps   the forehead so much.  I almost wish it was there   to begin with.  It's really cool.  - What I like is this,  because it's just cutting   and eating into her.  - But, see,   there's no directionality  or no sense   to these burns, either.  - My vampire looks pretty cool   with his new burn makeup,  and I think the details that  I put into it   could make this a piece  that could get me   into the finale.  - I really like the singed hair.  It's grody.  - Yeah.   - The big space in the back  where it's really eating away--  - He's very, very strong,   though.  That perfect symmetrical   silhouette is destroyed,  which is very effective.  ? ?  - All right, judges.  So we threw these guys  a real curveball tonight,  and let's talk about  how they did.  Why don't we start with Matt?  - I think it's the most unique   of all the designs  that were out there.  I was very impressed   with his ability  to create something that felt   authentic and original.  - And then he managed to do   a really beautiful paint job  on top of it, breaking it up   with all the speckling  and a little bit of veining.  - Well, one of the things   I love about Matt's work  is it's very intelligent,  particularly from a sculptural   perspective.  - Matt hasn't been on the show   since season two,  so he's had a lot of time   to perfect his art,  and I think   he's stepped up his game  and really shown us   some really beautiful work.  - All right, judges,   let's move on to Walter.  - It was so strong in both   front view and side view.  I've never seen   that silhouette before  on this type of character.  - I loved this paint job.  The beautiful blues--and then   he has some beautiful purples  around the eyes--   just really well done.  - He's killed pretty much   every challenge  that we've put in front of him.  He is a phenomenally   talented artist.  - All right,   let's move on to Mel.  - It came out   a little bit cutesy gothy,  as opposed to what I was   looking for in this challenge. It's purposeful. It's her thing.  She owned it,  and I think she accomplished   what she set out to do.  - I appreciate that she was  shooting for something feminine, but I think it fell   a little short.  - She kind of missed   on the burn thing.  It just looked to me like  little drips   of blood everywhere.  It didn't really look like   they were burn holes.  It was a good idea, but I don't  think she executed it that well. - All right,   let's talk about Derek.  - I struggle with it,  because there's an element   that I love.  The middle of the face,   the nose area,  into the chin--   gorgeous--  the rest of it is soft  and undefined and nebulous,  both in the sculpture   and the paint.  - But the exposure makeup on   this was one of the best ones.  It was simple   and very authentic.  - It looked like a real burn,  as opposed to some of   the other ones,  which you really couldn't tell  what they were.  - All right, judges,   let's move on to Damien.  - The chest is very,   very interesting,  but it does not carry on   to the face.  The chest and the face   don't even match one another.  - And what about the burn?  Just big gooey blobs   everywhere--  - It felt more like   he was covered in acid,  kind of like that character   in "RoboCop."  - Damien has improved leaps   and bounds, and it's like,  "Where did this guy come from?"  Because it's a completely  different artist  than the person  that we last saw.  - And, finally,   let's talk about Jordan.  - His paint job was exquisite.  The freckling on the side   of the face  when we got close up,   all that beautiful work--  - I don't think it was   the best burn makeup.  It felt more like erosion,  but, regardless of it   being accurate,  it was really well-done.  - Jordan has really been   listening to us, has he not?  - Every week, better from the   notes that we're giving him--  - All right, judges, have you  chosen this season's finalists?  - We have.  - Fantastic.  Let's bring 'em back out.  ? ?  All right.  It's time to find out   the first person  to make it   to this season's finale.  Glenn?  - The first person moving on   to the finale is...  [tense music]  ? ?  - All right, guys.   It's time to get on Twitter  and tell us   who made your favorite vampire  using #faceoff.  .  - It's time to find out   the first person  to make it  to this season's finale. Glenn?  - The first person moving on   to the finale is...  [tense music]  ? ?  Walter.  [applause]  You have a unique aesthetic,   and you've delivered us  fantastic makeups   all season long.  We absolutely cannot wait   to see what you do next.  - Thank you so much.  Being the first name called   feels incredible,  and I'm so incredibly happy  that I have another opportunity   at $100,000.  - Walter, congratulations   on being the first finalist.  So, Glenn, who is the second  person making it to the finale?  - The second person moving on   to the finale is...  [tense music]  ? ?  Matt.  [applause]  ? ?  Your creative vision--   certainly one of a kind,  and we're always excited to see  what you've got to offer   from week to week.  Congratulations.   - Thank you so much.  I'm overwhelmed   with so much emotion.  It's good to finally   be in the finale  and to battle it out  with "Face Off"'s best head-on.  - Congratulations, Matt.  You have also made it  to the finale. - Thank you.  - All right.  We have four All-Stars left, and only one of you   can join us in the finale.  So, Glenn, who is the winner   of this challenge  and the third person   joining us in the finale?  - The winner   of tonight's challenge,  and the third and final artist  that will be joining us   in the final, is...  [tense music]  ? ?  Jordan.  [applause]  ? ?  It has been amazing to watch   your evolution this season.  It's obvious to us   that you've been listening,  and each week we've seen your   makeups get better and better. - Thank you.  It's an amazing feeling to know   that I won this challenge,  but we've still got   that one challenge left,  and I want to take   this entire competition.  - Congratulations, Jordan.   - Thank you.  - Unfortunately, that means,   Mel, Derek, and Damien,  you have all been eliminated.  It's been amazing   having you back here with us,  but if you'd please,   head back to the makeup room  and pack up your kits.  - Bye, guys.   - Bye.  - Good luck, guys.   - Good luck, guys.  - Good job, you guys. Great job. - Congrats.  Getting eliminated   is bittersweet,  but I made it to the semifinals, which is great,   because that's further  than I made it   the last time I was here.  It's been a wild ride   and it's been lots of fun.  So I definitely have a lot   to be proud of.  - It sucks to get to this place  twice and not go to the finale,  but the competition   was really hard.  I'm proud of what   I accomplished,  and I'm proud to say I made it  to the semifinals   in both my seasons.  - I'm disappointed.   I wanted to get to the finale, but I'm proud of the makeups   I did while I was here,  and I know   it's just gonna make me  that much of a better artist.  ? ?  - Congratulations again   to all three of you  on being   this season's finalists.  I will see you back here   on stage tomorrow morning  to tell you about your   final Spotlight Challenge.  Bye. - Thank you, guys.   - Good night, guys.  - See you.   - Good night, guys.  - It's game time.  I want this as bad   as I want to breathe.  Everything comes down to this. McKenzie:   Next time on "Face Off"...  Let's talk about   your final challenge.  - I want to win this.  - I'm just getting less   and less happy with it.  - [grunts] Oh.   The whole mold falls apart.  - What is it? I don't know.  .  McKenzie: Previously  on "Face Off: Battle Royale"...  the artists tackled the tarot. You will each be making  your own version of Death.  - Awesome.  McKenzie:   And Matt's divine Death  gave him   his second straight win.  And tonight...  You'll each choose  a real exotic forest  and create the dryad   that protects it.  - Yeah!   - This is a badass  lady challenge.  - It's gonna look   like a disease.  - I'm getting very stressed out. - I have no idea   how to mold this.  It could be a catastrophe.  - This is "Face Off:   Battle Royale."  [all cheering]  [exciting music]  ? ?  ? ?  - Kind of got  a Camp Crystal Lake feel, right? - Oh, yeah.   - Yeah, it does.  - We get to Griffith Park,   and we're walking  into this little hiking   trail full of trees.  It's really a nice treat to go  to this little oasis   out of the city.  - Interesting.   - Good morning, guys.  all: Good morning.   - Hey.  - Once upon a time,   people believed  that forests were protected by  spirit guardians called dryads,  and they thought that  if they knocked on wood,  they might also earn   their protection.  - Huh.  - Now, in films  like "The Chronicles of Narnia"  and video games   like "The Elder Scrolls,"  dryads are depicted   as beautiful and powerful,  with deep bonds to nature,  so in this week's  Spotlight Challenge,  you'll each choose  a real exotic forest  from around the world  and create the beautiful  dryad that protects it.  - Man!   - [laughs]  - This is a badass lady   challenge.  I'm so excited   to bring this to life.  - Next to me are the names  of the forests  that you will be choosing from.  They are   the Avenue of the Baobabs,  the Dragon's Blood Forest,  the Painted Forest,  and the Ancient   Bristlecone Pine Forest.  There are two for each forest,   so when you choose one,  don't forget you're also   choosing your battle partner.  Matt, you're up first.  - Dragon's Blood Forest.  - Ancient Bristlecone   Pine Forest.  - Avenue of the Baobabs.   - Dragon's Blood Forest.  - Oh, first battle.   - Challenge activated.  - The Ancient   Bristlecone Pine Forest.  - Avenue of the Baobabs.  - Painted Forest.   - Painted Forest.  We're going at it.   - Hmm.  - So, our head-to-head battles   this week are  Matt versus Derek,  Mel versus Damien,  Kevon versus Jordan...  - Let's go.   - And Walter versus Graham.  - Boom! - All right,   you got your forests,  but there is more   to this challenge.  - Of course.   - Uh-oh.  - While dryads are best known  as beautiful creatures   that bring good luck,  they are also fierce guardians  who will protect   their forests at all costs,  so with that in mind,  you'll also have to create  some type of armor  for your characters.  - I do a lot of armor   and a lot of fabrication,  but it's worrisome  that I have to rush   as fast as I can.  - Now, last order  of business, Matt,  since you won  last week's challenge,  you've earned the help  of an expert today,  so let's meet him.  With more than 20 years  of experience,  he's known  as one of the top sculptors  and creature designers   in the industry.  Contributing   his extraordinary talents  to major blockbusters   like "Avatar,"  "The Chronicles of Narnia:   Prince Caspian,"  and "Hellboy,"  please give a very warm welcome  to the incredible Jordu Schell.  [cheers and applause]  - It's the one and only   Jordu Schell.  I used to look at his work  when I was a younger FX artist,  so it's surreal to be able   to have him  and his expertise working   with me in the lab.  - Good to have you back.   - Thank you so much.  - So last time  you were here to judge, but how do you feel  about getting your hands dirty? - That's what I do,   and I can't wait.  - That's why we love you. All right, why don't you  go ahead and join Matt? - All right.   - Thank you.  - Hey, Jordu! Great to meet you.   - Hey, buddy.  - All right, guys,  I will leave you to it.  Why don't you   enjoy the trees around you?  And if you need a little luck,  don't forget to knock   on some wood. Bye.  - That was so stupid.   [laughter]  ? ?  - I'm thinking some sort   of headdress or headpiece  that kind  of branches off like that.  The sculpting is really  gonna be key.  - Mm-hmm.   - You know, as, of course,  I'm gonna say  because I'm a sculptor.  - The Dragon's Blood Forest   trees are very mushroom-like,  so we're both thinking big cowl  to bring out the tree shape  and a reptilian face  but keeping it beautiful   as well.  Derek's an amazing artist,  so I'm glad I have Jordu   at my side  to help me create   something dynamic.  It's a complete honor  to have Jordu working with me on this--  on this project and-- - You better say that.   - Yeah.  - The Painted Forest is filled  with eucalyptus,  so the one thing that I notice   about the eucalyptus  is that its bark peels off,  so I'm going to create   an over-mask  that can be peeled away   to reveal colorful bark.  Walter's definitely   gonna make it hard for me  because I know he knows   how to build armor,  so I'm gonna stick   to what I'm good at,  and do a nice, clean makeup.  ? ?  - My dryad is the defender   of the Painted Forest.  I want her to have   a bit of war paint,  so the bark will peel away   to reveal the war paint.  I'm gonna make armor   out of Worbla.  I'm gonna shape it around L200,  and other than that I'm just   gonna keep it very treelike.  I'm gonna lose some of the human  anatomy like the nose,  and really accentuate   the tree stuff  in the back of the cowl.  ? ?  - I really love the fluidity   of the bark,  and I see it   sort of traveling up her body  and having this long wig.  I really want to focus   on beauty and sensuality,  and I want to bring   all those elements out.  - All right, guys,   let's head back to the lab.  ? ?  - I end up   with Avenue of the Baobabs.  There are a lot of cool textures  in the tree,  so I'm gonna go with a lot   of that for my character.  My concept is this   wood elf priestess,  so she's gonna have   the branches  from the baobabs trees   coming out of her forehead  like a crown,   and then for her armor,  it's just gonna be  this awesome chest plate piece.  I'm battling Kevon again   for this challenge,  so two friends battling   against each other.  It should be interesting.  - I want my dryad to look   like a tree in appearance,  but she's going to open up,  and what you thought   was the external bark  are actually her two shields,  so I grab some sheets of L200  and start forming them   around the mannequin  in the shape   of the two shields I want,  and then I start sculpting   a face and a cowl,  and even though symmetry is  a really important   beauty standard,  I'm going asymmetrical   with my entire design  because I want to do something  a little different,  which is kind of risky,   but hopefully it goes well.  - I'm going with the idea   that this dryad is, like,  an ethereal   elvish-type character within,  and she's actually using pieces   of the bristlecone pine  to give her this armor  and make her stronger.  I haven't battled Mel yet.  I know she's an extremely   talented beauty artist,  especially when it comes   to fantasy makeup,  so I definitely know   that I'm gonna  have to bring my A-game   this time.  ? ?  - I've got Jordu by my side,  and he's knocking out   the face sculpt,  and I start blocking   out the cowl.  - Make sure to really get  that going, okay? - He's like, "No, no, no.   Go bigger."  I go, "Okay, " so I start   putting more clay on it.  - You need to go up higher.   - Higher?  - Yeah, I think--  I think it-- you need to get more  of the feeling of a trunk. - Then he goes,   "No, no. Bigger,"  so I put more clay on.  I'm like, "Okay, this is   becoming the biggest cowl  I've ever made in my life."  - You know, getting bigger  and bigger.  - Yeah.  - And then, you know,  just kind of do  some cool [bleep] up there.  - It's magnificent, and it's   almost like a freak show,  and I think it may be  just enough to really stand out  to sell this whole package.  - I'm still trying   to figure out my concept,  and I look to my right,  and Jordu already finishes   a face sculpture,  and it's looking awesome,  and then they're sculpting  this massive cowl   in the shape of a tree,  and I think it's the biggest   cowl ever made on "Face Off."  My guts sinks down,  and I'm now worried   about the challenge.  [dramatic music]  So I pretty much just grab clay   and start sculpting,  not sure if I'm   even gonna make a cowl  or how I'm gonna   incorporate the tree.  They're doing something   awesome,  and I have nothing   in my head right now.  I'm not sure what I'm gonna do.  .  [dramatic music]  - At this point,   I start to notice  just how much work   Matt and Jordu have done,  and it's frustrating  because I got to get things   going fast,  but then I notice   the tree looks helmet-shaped,  and then ideas just start   coming into my head,  so for my armor,  I'm thinking of shapes   like Spartan-shaped helmets,  but with the same   twisting branches  from the tree,  and I want it to look  like it's growing on the armor.  I feel like I see the images   of the tree coming together,  so now I need to catch up.  [energetic music]  - I've taken a lot of time   on this over-mask,  but I still have to sculpt   a forehead, cheeks,  nose, lip to go underneath it,  and it's got to look beautiful,  so there's a whole lot to do,  but I feel like I have   a pretty strong concept  that fits the challenge.  And I might end up scoring it   so that she can be like...  "Aah!"  - That'd be pretty cool.  A nice reveal.  - Yeah, 'cause she'll be real,  "Nyah, demon,   leave my tree alone."  - Quit trying to distract us,   Graham!  We're trying to sculpt!  - That's my strategy, Jordu.  I know Jordu.   My wife is his assistant,  so he's making fun of me.  I'm making fun of him.  - Where's all the drama, man?   I expected to come here  and there'd be fistfights   and blood on the floor--  - You're causing drama  right now, Jordu.  You're causing it right now.  - Graham is kind of a--   he's a bad guy.  He's an evil person.  Hey, man, that shirt you're   wearing is really tight, dude.  - Yeah, well, I've been   trying to lose weight.  It's just insane the amount   of work that this guy is doing  while being able to goof on me.  You just "leaf" me alone.  [laughing]  ? ?  - Gonna have to make this look  a little more like bark,  like a tree,  like we talked about, okay?  - All right.   - You can handle it?  - Yeah, this is amazing work  right here. - All right.   - It's beautiful.  I feel motivated, excited.  I've got a huge head start.  - Good luck.   - Thank you so much.  But the cowl is intimidating.  It's the biggest cowl   I've ever sculpted or molded,  and there's no more Jordu,  so it's up to me   to get this done.  - That's nuts, dude.   - Yeah.  - Have fun molding that, spaz.   - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.   - Hello.  - Hey.  - I really like  the asymmetry on this. - Mm-hmm.   - So I'm kind of trying  to bring that   half-moon shape into there.  - That's good. Yeah, yeah.  My only concern with it is  you've covered up  2/3 of her face.  - Mm-hmm.   - And we're losing our--  our girl.  I think we need  a bit more of her in there.  - All right, awesome. - The model has  the ability to hide. It's gonna have   these two armor pieces.  - Well, you've got   a lot of work to do.  - Yeah.   - The bark really has  to blend  with the whole thing,  or it's gonna look  like a disease  as opposed to part of the tree.  It's something you really,  really have  to be careful with, okay?  - All right.   - So I'm gonna be taking  a lot of the texture  from the fatter areas and using that   in the armored pieces  as well as in the headpiece.  - Be careful with that so it   doesn't look like--you know,  that could look   like Elephant Man.  - Yeah.   - That we don't want to do,  that texture.   - Right.  - So if you do it,   do it very subtle.  - Mm-hmm.   - I have this,  which is gonna be  sort of an over-mask, which I want to really have   a beautiful part to it,  and then underneath I have   a couple of appliances  that'll be a tad more sinister.  - The way you've designed it,  she looks a little sad.  - Mm-hmm.  - The challenge was  at least attractive.  If you're doing  a reversal on it,  you need to let the judges know  why and what you did.  - Okay.   - Bye, everybody.  - Bye. Thank you.   - See you, Mr. Westmore.  ? ?  - I can't believe I'm doing this  all over again. [bleep].  Mr. Westmore said my face   looks a bit disease-like,  so I do feel like I need   to probably adjust it.  [bleep].  This will hurt me on time,  so I am getting   very stressed out,  but I think I'm making   the right decision.  I think the clay forms integrate with the model's face   better than before.  Oh, man.  - 30 minutes!  ? ?  - That's time, everybody!  ? ?  - Go, go, go.   - We get to the lab,  and there's not a minute   to spare.  I start working on the face.  I'm worried   that the piece of bark  that comes down over the cheek is maybe not feminine enough.  I don't want her   to look monster-y at all.  I want her to be very beautiful.  Is this feminine?  - That looks good  'cause it's asymmetrical.  - Derek reinforces my vision,  and his affirmation makes me   feel comfortable to move on  with what I'm doing and make it   perfect and ready to mold.  [energetic music]  ? ?  - I'm happy with the shape   of the cowl.  I really just need to work   on the texture  and the little detail aspects, so I extend the clavicle,   and I extend the scapula,  and I move   the bone structure out,  and I'm adding twigs to it   to make it feel like a tree.  I definitely think it makes   this character  more powerful-looking,  and I really like   where it's going.  - This looks really pretty.  - I'm moving on   to the chest piece.  It's going to be very prominent  in the middle   with a lot of texture,  and I want the bark   to move with some fluidity  so up close it has   the texture of the baobabs  but is also contouring her body  in a very flattering,   feminine look.  ? ?  - I'm adding fine detail   on this cowl,  but my goal was to get this   run in poly foam today  on top of sculpting a chest   on top of working on armor,  so I'm feeling there's no way   I'll get all this done  unless I get this molded now.  The molding is gonna   be horrible. God.  And it's so big,   and it makes me nervous  because this is   really important.  It's an elimination challenge.  Two of us are going home,  so this is real now.  This is do-or-die,  but I have no idea   how to mold this behemoth.  A lot of things could go wrong,  and it could be   the most amazing,  elegant piece ever created   in this competition,  or it could be a catastrophe.  .  - The cowl is so big   that molding this thing is  likely gonna take me   the rest of the day,  so I'm gonna tackle both sides  at the same time  to finish as quickly   as possible,  but a lot of things   could go wrong  with such a big, heavy piece,  so I hope that it works out.  This is an abomination.  It shouldn't exist.  - We need to incorporate some  type of armor for our character. Her armor is just gonna be   this awesome chest plate piece that resembles a lot   of the textures  that you see in the trees.  I know I'm battling Kevon,   and I know  he's doing something crazy,  but I'm just trying   to stay focused  and get the cleanest makeup   that I can.  - My chest piece is   very ornate,  and that's what I want,   'cause she's supposed to be  this beautiful, fierce warrior,  so I'm trying to have   a good cohesiveness  of organic features and metal. Everything's coming together.  I have a clear vision,   and it's looking awesome.  - That's [bleep] cool.  - I really want to use   the tree parts as the armor,  so the tree is gonna be   her chest plate,  as well as this tree gauntlet  that she's gonna have   on her hand.  I'm gonna be   fabricating this hand,  so I just block out   the rough shapes in clay,  and I wrap that with tin   foil and tape.  Then I'm able   to section off each finger  and cut those pieces off   and lay them flat.  That gives me a pattern that I   can use to cut out in L200,  which I can then heat form  back into the shape that I want  to have   a lightweight foam version  of that clay hand   that I sculpted.  I'm pretty happy with the way   this hand's looking.  - One hour!  [energetic music]  ? ?  - All right, guys, it's time.  - We will do battle.  - My cowl mold is open,  but I didn't have enough time   to run it in the poly foam,  and there's a lot of work   still left to be done,  so that's all pushed   to application,  and that's really nerve-racking. ? ?  [laughter]  - Let's go! Go! Go!   - Go, man, go!  - I bolt into that lab   going straight for that cowl,  and I mix the poly foam,  and then I pour equal amounts   in both sides,  and it starts to foam up.  Then I clamp them around   the main core of the cowl  and just pray for that   to be enough to expand,  'cause I get one shot at this.  - Hi.   - Hi, how's it going?  Nice to meet you. I'm Jordan.   - Rachel.  - Crystal. Sorry, hugger.   - Hey, awesome.  - You're gonna be  so beautiful today. - I have so much to do.   Big chest piece,  a big cowl piece,   a big face piece,  and I really need to have   a great paint job  and application   to win this thing.  Luckily for me, Matt has to make  his cowl out of poly foam,  but it's going to be a race   to the finish.  - So the rad thing about this is  once you hit it with heat, you can just do whatever  we want with it. - Yeah.   - I still have to figure out  how to make this armor,   so I quickly grab some Worbla,  and I start making   the shoulder armor. Done.  - Yeah.   - All right.  - We got this.   - So all the armor is  starting to come together,  but I look over at Walter,   and he's got, like,  a whole creature going,  so I'm just hoping that I've got  enough to keep me around.  - I've waited for the cowl   to fully cure,  so I pry that open,  but I underestimated  the amount of foam needed   for the top of the head,  and so it just kind of   flops open.  That is a gut-wrenching   feeling.  I'm gonna have to patch this.  Everything is going wrong   that could go wrong,  and I really feel panicked.  So now it's all about seaming   and applying that cowl  and getting it not looking   like a Frankenstein patchwork.  Oh, there we go, there we go.  We got it. - You can, like, do the--  use this makeup if you want, and then, like,  line the outside with that. I am nervous   about this beauty makeup,  so I grab a couple colors   of lipstick that I like,  and I actually   have Megan go back  and put her lipstick on   herself,  because she knows her lip line  better than anybody else,  and then I'll be able   to add some contrast to it  with black after the fact.  That looks fantastic already.  I'll be able to work with that.  - I think I need to tone it down  a little bit. As I'm working   on my base layer,  I realize it's just kind of   this brown, muddy shape,  and I don't like that,   but if I zero in on the face,  that should help   drive my direction better,  so with this beauty makeup,   I feel like I'm making it up,  but it's making the face   a pleasing focal point.  - The painted eucalyptus demands  a good paint job,  and that takes time,  so I get my base coat down   as quickly as possible,  and then I'm painting   warrior paint on the face,  but the clock   just keeps moving,  and I'm really getting down  to where I'm not having enough   time to add little details,  so each minute lost is   a detail lost,  and that sucks.  ? ?  - The more items I get on her,  the more feminine  and badass she looks.  I'm battling Damien this week,   and I think we took  very different approaches   to the challenge.  I sort of saw the tree   as part of her anatomy,  and Damien viewed   the tree as her armor.  It's cool seeing two people   approach the same challenge  differently, but who knows  what the judges will like?  - 15 minutes, guys!  ? ?  - And that is time!  - I've got a well-applied face,   and that's it.  With one hour to spare,   it's not a good place to be.  .  [dramatic music]  - Okay.  I managed to win my battle   last challenge  by painting at Last Looks,  so I'm hoping I can do it again, but there's so much paint   to do,  so this is a precarious place   to be in.  ? ?  - I'm adding black patterning   as a moldy speckle  coming out   from underneath the wood.  It's a really   good graphic breakup.  I really like the way   this makeup's coming out.  She looks like a badass,   hot forest warrior.  - This [inaudible].   It's definitely not looking  exactly how I wanted it,  but I just don't have the time,  so I'm needing   to just get colors down  so that the idea gets across.  It's so crooked. - These shields are   looking rough,  but I feel like   with a solid paint job  I can really bring them   to the level I want,  and the more this   comes together,  the better   my confidence becomes.  - Please stay.   These eyelashes are heavier  and a little more rigid   than normal eyelashes  because they literally   have gold leaf on them,  but this warm metallic near her   eyes will be really beautiful.  Oh, yeah, girl.  - Ten minutes, guys.  ? ?  - That's time!  - This makeup--   it's not beautiful.  It's just not   what I imagined at all,  and that's stressing me out.  - Good evening, everyone.  Welcome to the "Face Off"   Reveal Stage.  As you know,  we will be sending two more of you home tonight, but before we get to business,  please say hello to our incredibly   talented series judges,  owner of Alchemy Studios,   Mr. Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   - Good evening, Glenn.  - How's it going?   - Hello, Glenn.  - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning   makeup artist Ms. Ve Neill.  - Good evening, artistes.   - Hey.  - Hello.   - And of course,  creature and concept designer  Mr. Neville Page. - Hello, guys.   - Hey, what's up, Neville?  - Hello, Neville.   - All right, let's get to it.  For this week's  Spotlight Challenge we asked you to choose  an exotic forest and create the beautiful  dryad that protects it, and because your dryads are  fierce guardians, we also asked you to create  a piece of armor for them, so let's take a look  at your creations. [suspenseful music]  ? ?  - The challenge is more beauty,  and the dryad's very muddied   and creature-esque.  I could be on the chopping   block tonight.  ? ?  - My character is   looking really cool.  I feel like I was able   to bring out  what was on the tree   into my character.  ? ?  - I love my sculpt.   I love the armor.  I love everything about it,  but I feel that it's   an incomplete paint job.  ? ?  - I'm not happy   with this makeup whatsoever.  It looks like I just threw   every color that I had on her. It looks like a crayon version   of a makeup.  ? ?  - This is my favorite makeup  I've ever done on both seasons.  I think she looks   like a badass tree fairy,  which in my brain is   exactly what a dryad is.  ? ?  - She looks fantastic.   She's doing lots of these  fighting stances   with the sword,  but I really like   Mel's makeup too,  so there's no way to guess   what's gonna happen.  ? ?  - I can see all the texture   and detail on the two shields. That is a really cool character.  I'm very happy with this.  ? ?  - Kevon went very detailed   with his,  and I went very minimalistic   with mine,  so I'm not sure how this is  gonna play out for either of us. ? ?  - Okay, judges,  go ahead and take a closer look  at these divine dryads.  - Wow. This is huge. - She's definitely  not beautiful to me.  - I think she looks like a fish. - I love all of these glyphs  that are just carved in. It treads the line  between the magic of the dryad and actual tree texture. I don't know that the colors   are helping it,  but this is an absolutely  beautiful sculpture.  - I kind of like this  up close much better than I did from far away.  - And I love the shapes.  - I love the fact  that this is really smooth.  Then you have all this beautiful texture with the bark. - It's feeling  a touch possessed,  almost like a "Exorcist" makeup. - Looks like he's taken a copy   of his makeup  and turned it   into something else.  - I don't care for the red eyes   or the red fingernails.  - Or the eyelashes,   quite frankly,  but she's taken advantage  of this particular tree  because it is so asymmetric.  Thank god Megan's lips  are present because there's the beauty,  and beyond that,   it's bordering on grotesque.  - This is like a big crab   claw hand. Bizarre.  - This concerns me a great deal. - It's sort of back to where  we were before with him.  He's trying to do  too many things. - Yeah.  - She's beautiful.   - I think it's a good balance  between the dryad and the beauty and the armor and the tree bark. There's a lot of things  that he balanced very well  in this design.  Thanks.  - All right, the judges  have chosen the winners and losers of each battle, so let's find out  which artists were victorious. In battle number one,  Matt versus Derek, the winner is... [dramatic music]  ? ?  All right, guys,   it's time to get on Twitter  and tell us who made   your favorite dryad  using #faceoff.  .  - All right, let's find out   which artists were victorious.  In battle number one,   Matt versus Derek,  the winner is Derek.  [applause]   - Congratulations.  - Thanks. Good job.  - Battle number two,   Walter versus Graham,  the winner is Walter.  - Good job.  [applause]  In battle number three,   Mel versus Damien,  the winner is Mel.  [applause]  And finally,   in battle number four,  Kevon versus Jordan,  the winner is Jordan.  - Not bad.  - Congratulations to all of you  who came out on top.  All right, the judges would like  to speak with some of you before making their decisions. Damien, you're up first. [suspenseful music]  ? ?  - Hi, Damien.   - Hey, Glenn.  - Tell us about your dryad.  - I chose the Ancient   Bristlecone Pine Forest.  A lot of the trees  are dried out, withered, and twisted, so I really wanted  to go with that shape, and she's been using  the tree as armor, so that's becoming  a part of her now. - It definitely has issues.  You would have  benefitted greatly from a more symmetrical approach  to that face. I understand that you're  taking a note from the tree with the very twisty  nature to it, but it's just weird that you  just see a sliver of her face. You need to find   a better way to do that.  - I totally understand   what you're saying.  - This big piece of tree trunk almost looks like a big,  gray crab claw or something because that really  doesn't look like that's integrated   with her body at all.  It's too bad, 'cause  the sculpting is really cool. Parts of it just don't   jive for me.  - The way you've managed   the sculpture  and the fabrication   is beautiful.  It's just the way it's laid   out feels so arbitrary,  so it didn't add up  to something great today. - Damien, please head back.  Derek, please step up.  - Would you please tell us   about your dryad?  - Most elite knights  usually have ornate armor, and I wanted  to incorporate that, but I also wanted to incorporate  the tree into her design. - Well, I think you were   very successful with that.  Her armor's beautiful.   I love the copper color,  and I like that you incorporated  the tree into her armor as well as her forehead piece. It's quite beautiful.  - Thank you.   - All this texture in her face  should not work,   but up close it really does.  There's some really   beautiful moments  from the chest to the shoulders,  the headdress. It's a success   from my perspective.  - Thank you.   - You were able to truly get  in there and exploit   all the work you did  with your sculpture   with the colors,  and the fact   that it's not a color  but it's an entire palette  subdividing up the different   sections, brilliant.  - Thank you. Appreciate it.  - Derek, please step back. - Good job, Derek.   - Thanks, man.  - Kevon, please step up.  - Tell us about   your dryad character, please.  - She comes  from the Avenue of the Baobabs, basically, I wanted  her shields to be her armor as well as a mechanism   for her to camouflage,  and I wanted  the tree bark texture to drive the entire design. - I don't see   that specific tree.  These giant knots are   so arbitrary and anonymous  and not very well delineated.  - The shields are   quite successful.  I love the idea that she can   shield herself with them  and then just mix   into the trees,  but the head,  the most important thing,   does not work,  and it's because there's so much  of that asymmetry  carried up into the design   of the cowl piece.  - I just think you missed   the mark  with a lot of the body sculpting  that you did,  and it just doesn't fit   the challenge,  and it's too bad, because you   left enough of her face alone  so that she still   stayed beautiful.  - Well, thank you.   - Kevon, you can step down.  Walter, please step   to the center.  - Walter,   tell us about your dryad.  - Well, I got  the Painted Forest. I wanted her to be beautiful  and also be a warrior. That's why I went  with the elfin warrior armor, and when this tree's bark  gets peeled back, it reveals war paint. - That right there is   what makes this so amazing.  The concept is just phenomenal.  It feels like the spirit   of the thing  is emerging   from the outer shell,  which is the armor, and for me,  you cannot get more spot-on  to succeeding in this challenge. - Thank you.   - She looks quite beautiful  up close--great profile.  Love the collarbones  with just a few little twigs, and I really loved all  the different textures in it. Really nice job, honey.  - Thank you very much.   - I just love the fusion  of arboreal biology  with human anatomy in the shoulder area. It's so cool  because it feels functional. - Thank you so much.   - Yeah.  - Walter, please step down. - Thank you, Nayeli.  - Graham, please come forward. - Graham, tell us about   your dryad character, please.  - I was looking   at the eucalyptus tree.  A lot of the bark  reveals these colors, so my design was  to have dry bark that peels off  and makes these plated skirts, and she's really bright  on the inside. - I got to say,   she doesn't look pretty,  and she could have   looked pretty.  If you had done some soft  blending of colors, it probably would have   worked a lot better,  and you're gonna have to learn  how to do beauty makeup. That would have  really helped this makeup a lot. - The choice of the cheekbones   feels unnecessary  because it causes her to feel   like her eyes are sunken,  and then the way it's painted,  all of these things create  a character who looks possessed. - I absolutely love the idea   of the nose shape  and the lip shape,   but the best parts  of your makeup   are buried beneath bad colors.  - You are very correct.  - Graham, you can step down. - That was awesome.  - All right, thank you.   If you'll please head back  to the makeup room   while the judges deliberate.  - Thank you.  - All right, judges,  so we do have a lot  to talk about tonight.  Why don't we start with some  of your favorite makeups  of the evening?  Let's start with Derek.  - Good concept,   and it was a really  well-crafted sculpture,  and it miraculously sustained   beauty as well as power.  - The way that he chose   to subdivide the forms  and use bark-like texture  without it being exactly   like bark--gorgeous.  - All right, let's talk  about Walter's work.  - I think Walter   was very successful  with the beauty end   of his as well.  It looked almost like   a velvety moss on her face.  It was so pretty.  - My absolute   favorite feature was  how he dealt with the clavicle. It felt like a perfect hybrid  of organic wood combined   with human anatomy.  - All right, judges,  unfortunately,  we do have to send  two artists home tonight,  so let's move on to the makeups  that didn't work  for you this week.  Let's start with Damien.  - I don't know   what he was thinking of  when he just slapped   those big chunks of wood  all over   that beautiful girl's body.  - I think it's his roughest   work yet, which confuses me.  Just when it seems like he's  going in the right direction,  he takes three steps back.  - He's so inconsistent.   - All right,  why don't we talk   about Kevon's work?  - His choices feel arbitrary.   To choose doing knots  which are not in this tree   really harmed him today.  - You cannot possibly   concentrate that much  on the shield thing  without knowing how you're   gonna handle the face,  and the face was a mess.  - You know, it's another one   of his misses.  Big concept, but a miss.  - And finally,   let's talk about Graham.  - The face idea was   a very good one,  but he didn't paint it   properly.  It's such a shame.  It could have been   an incredible makeup.  - If he did   a beautiful beauty makeup,  I think all of the other things   would have  not been so apparent.  - All right then, judges,   have you made your decisions?  - We have.   - Yes, we have.  - Let's bring them back out.  ? ?  Welcome back, guys.  Glenn, who is the winner  of this challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  McKenzie: The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip  from Kryolan   Professional Make-Up  to one of their 85   international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  - All right, Glenn, who is  the winner of this challenge? - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  [suspenseful music]  Walter.  [applause]  We absolutely love the concept,  and some of the unique   anatomical choices  that you made in that sculpture   were absolutely outstanding.  - It feels good to win.  I feel like I'm getting better,  and I'm putting out   my best stuff.  - Walter, congratulations.   You and Derek are safe,  and can head back  to the makeup room. - Thank you.   - Thank you.  [upbeat music]  ? ?  All right, guys, well,   obviously,  the three of you are  on the bottom this week, and two of you   will be going home tonight.  Please step forward.  Glenn, who is the first person   going home tonight?  - The first person going home   tonight is...  [dramatic music]  ? ?  Kevon.  We really did like  that armored shield idea,  but the character   as a whole read  a lot more grotesque   than it did beautiful.  - I had fun.   I was happy to come back.  - Kevon, you're  an awesome painter and sculptor, and I'm sure   the makeup community  is gonna see a lot more of you   in the future, darling.  - That means a lot. Thank you.   - Kevon, it's been so great  having you back with us,  but if you'd please head  back to the makeup room and pack up your kit.   - Thank you. Goodbye, guys.  - Later, buddy.   - See you.  I have no regrets.  I would not have   done this differently.  - Good luck, Kevon. - I'm happy to go home   on a Kevon makeup.  I guess for me   it's go big and go home.  - So, Glenn, who is the second   person leaving us tonight?  - The second person   going home tonight is...  ? ?  Graham.  Your concept wasn't bad,   but the shapes and the colors  that you chose   for the face in particular  just didn't add up for us.  - I agree.  - Graham, I'm so sorry, but you have  also been eliminated. That means Damien, you are safe  and can head back   to the makeup room.  - Bro. - Graham, I hope you've enjoyed   being back  as much as we've enjoyed   having you back.  We've gotten to see   even better work  than you've done   in the previous season,  so it's still a success for you. - It was a great ride,   and it was tough.  - Graham, it's been great  having you back with us again, but if you'd please head  back to the makeup room and pack up your kit. - Bye, guys.   - Good luck.  - Bye, honey.   - See you.  - That's it for me.  Goodbye, Graham!  Timber!  It's completely fair,  because I'm not happy   with that makeup,  and I would want that person   to be eliminated too.  I came back   'cause I wanted to see  if I still had what it took   to hang in there  with some All-Stars.  I went through the wringer   a little bit,  and I definitely enjoyed myself   the whole way through.  - I didn't want to come in   as a cookie-cutter artist.  I wanted to stand out,  and I feel like I've done that.  I may not have made it   to the end,  but I made a very powerful   impression,  and I can leave   with my head held high.  McKenzie:   Next time on "Face Off"...  - It was a bad day   to choose me, Walter.  - Everybody else is going  in so many neat directions.  - I need to win this one.  - It's not holding up at all.  - It's just so perfect.  .  McKenzie: Previously on   "Face Off: Battle Royale,"  the artists dove   into the world of dryads.  Walter's beautiful nymph   wowed the judges for the win,  but Kevin and Graham fell short   and were sent home.  And tonight...  We are getting   very close to the finale,  and we need to see   what you are made of.  - I can see everybody   sweating a little bit.  - I like it, man.   - Thanks.  It's a bad day   to choose me, Walter.  - This area right here  concerns me. It's very weak.  - I'm probably gonna be   a bottom look.  - This is   "Face Off: Battle Royale."  [cheering]  [exciting music]  ? ?  [electronic music]  ? ?  - Whoa.   - Ooh.  - Check it out.   - Ooh.  - The lab looks awesome.  There's all this   nautical equipment,  and there's a huge   16th Century sailor's map.  Pirate ship action?   - I don't know.  - I'm just hoping it's not   gonna be a water challenge.  - Wow, this looks really cool.  - Yeah.  - Good morning, everyone.  - Morning.   all: Good morning.  - Congratulations on surviving  yet another double elimination.  Let's get right into your   next Spotlight Challenge.  During the golden age  of exploration, daring seafarers sailed the high seas   in search of the New World.  However, many still believed   that if you sailed too close  to the world's edges,  dangerous sea monsters   would be waiting there...  - Yes.   - To devour you.  So, in the tradition   of Hollywood hits like  "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea"  and "Pirates of the Caribbean,"  your Spotlight Challenge   this week  is to create an original   sea monster inspired  by one of the illustrations   on this real 16th Century map.  - That's awesome.   - I love sea creatures.  There's just so many animals   in the ocean.  There's a lot of inspiration   to draw from.  - When I call you up, come grab  one of the trinkets and place it next to the sea  monster of your choice. Now there are two  of each trinket, so whoever picks the other one is your battle partner  for this week. Derek, you're up first. [upbeat music]  ? ?  - It's time we meet in battle.  ? ?  - So just to quickly   recap our battles,  they are Matt versus Walter,   Derek versus Mel...  - Arr.  - And Jordan versus Damien. All right, here's the thing. - Uh-oh.   - We are getting very close  to the finale,   and we need  to see   what you guys are made of.  So we're gonna put   your sea monsters  to the test in their natural   environment:  underwater.  - Oh, my God.   - That's awesome.  - Of course they're gonna   make it go underwater.  It's an All-Star season.  I could definitely see   everybody  sweating a little bit.  There's a lot   that could go wrong.  And that's what makes it   so scary.  - Your makeups will need  to be waterproof and the judges  will get to see them   on land and at sea.  All right, now before you get   started I should remind you  that the winner   of this challenge  will earn the help   of an industry expert  in next week's challenge.  Go ahead and get to work.   Good luck, guys.  - Thank you.   - Bye.  - Oh, man.  ? ?  - The creature I chose has   an elongated snout,  so it looks like   a goblin shark or swordfish,  except a snout   that's closer to the mouth  and I don't want to give it   that mask look.  So I push it upwards, almost   eye level with the character.  That way it flows into a cowl,  and I'm going big   with the profile  hoping that will sell   a lot in the water.  None of these youngsters   have done this before.  I won this challenge, it was   episode two on season two,  so I'm thinking it's bad day   to choose me, Walter.  He wants it,   so I'm gonna bring it.  I'm gonna give him   what he wants.  - My monster looks like an otter  and a sea lion,  and I picked that   because I want to do tusks.  So it'll be very sea lion   in the face,  but fishy in the whole   back half with lots of fins  that look like they would   propel in the water.  I've never done   an underwater makeup before.  I'm gonna have   to seal each prosthetic  and make sure everything   is water tight  and use only alcohol paint  so it's not water soluble.  It's a little intimidating   going against  the reigning water   challenge champion,  but I'm pretty confident   in my design.  To be the best, you kind of   got to beat the best.  - When I think of sea monsters,  I think of terrifying creatures. I don't know of anything   more terrifying  in the ocean then angler fish, so that's the route   that I'm going for,  especially with the head   and face.  I really want to push out   that bottom jaw  and just have some really   gnarly long teeth.  And then the reference for my  sea monster looks very skeletal  so I want to incorporate   that and do a giant fin  running down   the back side of him.  I've never done   an underwater makeup before,  but to see the creature  that I make interact   with its environment,  that's gonna be really exciting. [electronic music]  ? ?  - I like my sea monster.   It's literally a sea horse.  Like...[neighing] horse and   I want to make sure  I incorporate some allusions  from sea horses   as we know them  that I think will look   really beautiful in the water.  I want to build up   the silhouette  of the back and the chest.  I also want to keep the face   more like a land horse  and have the mane be somewhat   between a fin  and a mane so that I'm serving my inspiration   and my own ideas.  Derek's super talented   at creatures and monsters.  It's his aesthetic, but I feel   like my concept is cool.  Let's see if I can execute it. ? ?  - My sea creature is like   a catfish, koi dragon.  So I'm taking this   as inspiration,  but I also want   to incorporate the whiskers  of what a catfish has.  When she moves her head   back and forth,  I want it to kind of flow   with the direction  she's moving in the water.  As I'm sculpting, not trying   to do too much texturing.  Nothing too detailed   'cause I want her to be  a little bit smooth   like a fish as well.  I haven't battled Mel before   so it's gonna be a challenge  because she's gonna come up   with something  beautiful and interesting.  It feels like I've been coasting  it safe this whole time.  We're getting closer   to the finale  so I really need   to step it up for this one.  ? ?  - My sea creature looks like  Creature from the Black Lagoon.  I start with the face.  I know that I'm gonna use   this under bite  and try to make a weird nose   that's not like a pig nose,  but maybe in profile   kind of resembles  the outlines of the pig nose.  I'm also going to make   the dragon frill that it has.  I want this frill to come around  the outside of the face  so that way   when it's in the water,  it'll get this cool   swooshing action.  I'm definitely trying to use   the water to my advantage.  I'm both excited and nervous   to battle Jordan.  He's a kick-ass artist   and I know  I'll have to create   something amazing.  ? ?  - As I start sculpting I'm--   I'm looking  to bring that snout in  so I push it up higher,  and I'm elongating the chin  so it will read   beautifully in profile.  I'm trying to get the face   sculpted and molded today  so I can line it up   with the cowl tomorrow,  and create a dynamic profile  when viewed from the side.  ? ?  - So to start off sculpting,   I go in and I start  getting that elongated shape   on the face, bringing the jaw  out a lot further   than his upper set of teeth.  I'm also adding larger,  more fish-like eyes   on the side of the head.  It's really gonna pull it away   from that human form.  Other than the body   being humanistic,  I really want the head to have   that creature feel to it,  and I'm battling   Damien this week.  He's gonna be a worthy   opponent for sure.  Damien's got   awesome design skills  and excellent painting skills,  so I'm gonna really need   to step it up  to beat him on this one.  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.   - Hello.  - Hey, Mr. Westmore.  - What sea monster  did you select?  - So it's like   a literal sea horse.  - Okay, how about color?  What are you gonna do?  - Starting kind of black  and building up metallics on top of it  because they really pop... - Eh, don't start with black.  If you start lighter, you know,  and build up with your colors,  and use black as maybe an accent as opposed to painting  your entire creature black.  - Yeah, that's smarter. - Now what sea monster  did you select?  - He's, like, very aquatic and,   like, a sea lion, or a seal.  - Mm-hmm, you're really catching the human in here.  Trying to get a little bit  more fish to it.  Maybe more between your cat  and a fish to really give it  a bizarre look.  - Mm-hmm.   - With your tusks now,  can epoxy 'em so they're  really, really strong.  - Absolutely. - Now tell me about  your sea creature.  - I don't want to take   this too literally,  so I'm playing with the pig   under bite and the nose,  and then the dragon  fish fin flailing off. - This area right here  concerns me.  It's a very weak look.  My main concern  is giving yourself  a little bit more character  right in there.  I think if you give this  a dragon bite  it could add  a real dangerous look.  - Yeah.   - Okay.  What sea monster did you select? - I picked this guy,  he reminded me of a koi fish that turns into a dragon. - At first crack at this,  I'm seeing bat  as opposed to basically  what the challenge is.  - I'm really worried   'cause I definitely  don't want my face   to look like a bat.  - Everybody else is really going in so many neat directions  that I don't want to see you be  the only one that  basically comes up with a bat.  - It's in the back of my mind  that I haven't won   any challenges,  so I need to win   this one to show  that I have what it takes   to be in the finale.  .  - At first crack at this,  I'm kind of seeing bat  as opposed to basically  what the challenge is.  - I don't want my face   to look like a bat.  Hopefully Mr. Westmore   can help me out.  - I don't think you're going  far enough.  - Okay.   - Change your profile.  Especially in this chin  and nose area here.  Don't be so delicate.  Bring some more elements  in there--  - Okay.   - To monster it up.  - After talking with   Mr. Westmore,  I'm definitely   gonna take his advice,  but it feels like   I'm a little bit behind,  so now I'm afraid   I might not have enough time.  - So think more  aquatic and monstrous.  - You have helped me out a lot,  thank you very much. - Good luck.  Now what did you select?  - So, my creature  was this more fin-looking kind of elongated   head-looking character.  - Very interesting sculpture.  - Thank you.   - I like it.  You've really captured  the idea of a sea monster.  Be careful with  supporting your mouth  when it comes up  out of the water...  - So it doesn't drag it down?   - Lower--yeah,  lower jaw doesn't drop.   - Mm.  - The thought off the top  of my head would be  to make  a little hole up through here  so it would drain water  through there  when it's coming in as opposed  to all this water  having to come here.  - Yeah.   - This little creepy guy.  His snout's kind of long   and kind of hooked a bit.  - Here you've gone out  of the box.  In this you've gone  out of the box.  The cheekbones  are basically skeleton.  - Mm-hmm. - Maybe adding more  to the chin to balance  this type of figuration out,  or doing something here  to where  if it came up out of the ocean,  the sailors  would be scared of it  that it's a sea monster.  - Mm-hmm.   - So bring more...  creature into your sculpture.  - Mm-hmm.   - Bye, everybody.  - Bye, Mr. Westmore.   - Bye, Mr. Westmore.  [upbeat music]  ? ?  - After talking with  Mr. Westmore, I take his advice  and make my face sculpt   less human.  I bring out the chin   a little bit  and change the eyes   so they're smaller.  - Ooh, that's cool, dude.   - Thanks.  I like it a lot better.  It looks a little bit   more creepy  and I like how the profile   is looking.  So now it's ready to mold.  ? ?  - At this point   in the competition,  I'd be intimidated   about battling anyone,  but I need to bring   my A game against Derek.  So I start sculpting the face,  and I know   what I want it to look like.  It's just not really landing   in the clay that way,  but I can't refine it now  because I just barely   have enough time to run back  to the mold room   and clean out my chest mold.  But at least I have some forms  that I can sleep on   and look at the next day.  - With the time I have left,  I really want to start my cowl.  I'm building in fins that come  outwards along the back  and being very careful   as to where I put them  so that the cowl   is hydrodynamic--  it moves through the water,  and I'm really hoping   that the judges  can see all the little details  that I put into this to where it  looks functional in the water.  ? ?  - All right, guys, it's time.  ? ?  - [laughing]  Totally different   than I remembered.  I come into the lab with a fresh set of eyes to look at my piece, and I hate it, so I take it   all off and then start over.  I want to build up the nose   and make it a little longer  so that it looks like a horse   that looks kind of fishy.  I probably should've picked   a more intimidating fish  than a sea horse  because I feel a little nervous  that I've taken inspiration  from the cutest sea creature   in the whole ocean,  but it's looking a lot better, and I'm already   behind schedule,  so I need to move faster   than I ever have.  ? ?  - So the first thing for today  is I need  to finish up my back piece.  So I get all the forms   sculpted out  but don't put too much   texture in it  just because it doesn't   really need it.  It's just to create   that profile  for the torn up fins   on his back.  It's too early to tell   who's gonna take this battle.  Damien's is looking   pretty cool,  but I'm really liking   my sculpture,  and the closer and closer   I get to the finished product, the more excited I get.  So hopefully I can walk away   with a win on this one.  ? ?  - [grunts]  - I start off with my cowl.  I know I need to finish   that first  and get it molded so that way,  while it's cooking,   I can start working  on all these fin appliances.  The face feathers out,   so I'm gonna  pull that sea creature   frill out to the back,  use that in the anatomy   so it just looks  like all of this   hard cartilage stuff  is protecting this soft, giant,  soggy piece of flesh   in the back.  It's looking really good,   I'm really pleased with it.  ? ?  - I want to show off the profile  of the character,  so I just start forming   that shark fin point  on the back of the head.  I'm also putting gills   on the neck  shells on the shoulder,  and some pointed,   protruding areas  on the back of the neck   to give it  a little bit of movement   when he's underwater.  I'm using the face   to line up with the cowl,  and it's all flowing together.  - I like it, man.   - Thanks.  ? ?  - Now that my cowl is sculpted,  I really need to figure out   a way to do my fins.  So I stick quills into it  and then use the iridescent   cellophane to droop down  and that part's gonna move   through the water.  It's all looking really great   and I'm seeing what  Matt is doing,   and it looks cool,  but I love my concept   and I think  it'd be hard for Matt   to beat me.  ? ?  - I want to do a fin on top   of the cowl,  and I really want it   to be transparent so  while the clothes are   in my cowl sculpture  I lay fish skin   for the membrane of the fin.  Fish skin is a material  that's stiff when it's not wet.  When I put it in the water,   it just turns to this soft,  kind of almost mushy texture.  I think it'll look cool   in the water,  but I think it's too soft,  so I'm layering it   with some latex  to give it some more strength.  After that, I use some yarn   for some veiny texture  and it's looking organic   and creepy,  so I'm really happy   with how it's turning out.  - Now that I have my cowl   completed,  I'm sculpting 12 fin appliances  that are gonna be flowing  and waving around in the water.  I have a lot of pieces   to apply,  and it's really important   to seal down all these edges  with a lot of Pros-Aide,   at least two layers  to make sure that no water   can creep in there,  and that will take   a lot of time.  Plus, I have a super   intricate paint job planned.  I'm definitely worried   a little bit,  but I am confident   I can beat Jordan.  ? ?  - Oh!  Now that I have my face   and cowl done,  I want to make a mane  to bring it more towards   my sea horse inspiration.  So I lay hair on the floor  and paint latex over the ends. The latex will actually   float in the water,  which will create   a really cool visual effect.  So hopefully this will give me  a little bit of an edge   over Derek, fingers crossed.  - 30 minutes, guys!  [electronic music]  ? ?  - All right, guys, that's time!  I'm nervous for   application day.  Having the underwater   element thrown into it  just makes it that   much more stressful.  I'm gonna have to take twice   the amount of time  to apply my makeup   as I normally do  'cause if my pieces   come off underwater,  I'm guaranteed not to win.  .  [electronic music]  - It's application day, and  we've got four hours in the lab  and one hour in Last Looks.  I come in and check   my foam pieces--they're great. The edges look awesome,  so this is gonna be   a pretty good application day  if I can get   these laid down nicely.  [upbeat music]  - Hello.   - What's up, man?  - It's good to see you, man.   - Yeah, dude.  - How's it going, brother?   - Man, we're gonna have  to get those down,  'cause if water gets in there--   - Yeah.  - Since my makeup is   going underwater,  the first thing I do  is completely   seal each prosthetic.  So I'm gonna have to do a lot  of prepping, so you can...  - Just chill?   - Chill and hang out.  I used Pros-Aide   and balloon latex,  and this mixture of these two  will actually keep the foam   from absorbing any water.  I haven't made anything  quite like this yet.  This prepping and sealing   is taking up a lot of time,  but at least we're all   pretty much on the same page  so we're all just gonna have   to pick it up  when it comes to painting.  - Here in a minute,  I'm gonna have to go and start gluing the quills  in on all these, like, fish spine things. You'll have, like,  fins and all that. So I start gluing   in all these quills  to the prosthetics   using five-minute epoxy.  It seems like it's   working really great.  The worst thing   that can happen in the tank  is my pieces all fall off.  Yesterday I didn't get all of   the material spray adhesive on and connected to the quills.  Every minute that I spend  getting all these pieces sealed  and applied is taking away   from my paint job.  So I have to work as fast as I   possibly can and get painting.  - I have painted nothing.  We're about two hours in,  and everybody's   just barely starting to apply.  - Is this also sealing for,  like, waterproofing? - This is the waterproofing.   - Okay.  - So, like, go ham.  I'm very behind,   so my wonderful model,  Christoff, is basically doing   all my sealing,  and I'm taking up   my latex hair fins  from the floor   and cutting them into shape.  All the while   my little worker bee  is taking care of business   at the fort.  Just let that go and you can put  one on the cowl, thank you. - There we go. - That's showing  a little bit there.  I'm gluing down the chest piece  and it's just not working right. There's a big, gaping hole.  I don't think  it's letting it stick.  I don't know why   it's not gluing down.  I've really got to glue every   inch of the prosthetic down  'cause I don't want any water   to get underneath  and into the foam.  This chest piece has to work.  I don't have anything else as   far as wardrobe to put on her.  It's very frustrating.  I need to figure it out fast,   so I use these extra pieces  that I have to cover that   and use it as a blender.  It ends up working well,   so I'm glad  I made these extra pieces.  Yeah, that's a lot better. ? ?  - Just got to get this  base coat laid down  so I can start airbrushing.  That's when it's really  gonna start coming together.  So for this character,   I want him to resemble  a lot of those   deep sea creatures  that don't see   a whole lot of light,  so they're all very pale,  some of them   are very translucent.  Yeah, I've got a lot of,  like, black, like,  darker designs and stuff  that I'm gonna throw into it.  I'm doing   different circle patterns  from the back of the creature   and moving it forward  just to really have that  underlying vein structure to it. It's looking sweet.  It makes him   look strong and scary.  I feel like it's really   gonna read well underwater  as well as on land.  ? ?  - I'm gonna do these spots, and then  we're gonna get ready. For the patterning that I want   to do on my sea lion,  I'm starting with blue spots   all over  and fading them into   a lighter color in the middle. It just gives a really cool,   layered effect.  Lean forward again. Yep, yep. So far this is looking like   one of my better paint jobs  and I'm really proud of it.  Oh, my hand is hurting.  ? ?  - Looking over across the lab,   I notice Walter's  got a lot of paint going on   and I'm thinking,  "I can beat that."  And I just start airbrushing   like crazy all over.  I'm integrating   a lot of iridescent colors,  a lot of blues to make it   really aquatic.  Just trying to bring out   all that color and beauty  without having to rely   on fabrics and flowing things.  I think it's gonna give me   the advantage  I need to get over on Walter.  This is the first coat.   - [laughing]  - Got to go on  some more colors. ? ?  - This is the fastest   four hours ever.  I got to bust ass here.  My biggest challenge today   is this huge,  vast body paint   that I have planned.  There's gonna be a lot of   little details  and a lot of patterning.  I'm starting to get a little bit  worried that I won't be able  to finish it and put my full   vision out there,  so I really have to paint faster  than I ever have before.  ? ?  - Gold picks up on black  really well. - Yeah.  - So I want to have, like, the black going  a little further. I want my sea horse   to be colorful,  sort of like a tropical fish.  Like, right now you're just,  like, a straight bee. - [buzzing]  - And as I'm putting   my yellow over my black,  Mr. Westmore's words   are ringing in my ears,  and I realize, "[bleep],  "I've painted this   in the opposite order  that I was supposed to."  When I put the yellow over the black it looks  like a green kind of. I just, like, wasn't thinking.  Now it's turning sort of green,  and I don't know   if it's gonna catch the gold  because you need the black   for the gold  to pick up on top of it.  So I'm in a tough spot   right now.  All right, I think I really have to pack this up now.  - We got 15 minutes, guys.  [electronic music]  ? ?  - That's time!  - I still got a lot to do.  - All right.  Derek's looks really beautiful,  which is not great for me  considering   he's my battle partner.  There's only a super slim   chance of me winning this.  I'm just hoping to fix   some of this paint  so I don't embarrass   myself too much.  .  [dramatic music]  - Heading into Last Looks   I step back  and think about my paint job.  I know how to fix this. I have a plan.  I have to put stark black   over it to make it gold again. It's not gonna make this   a top look,  but it is gonna stop this   from being  the most embarrassing makeup.  ? ?  - I still have at least two   hours' worth of painting to do  and only an hour to do it in,  so I have to skip over key   components of this paint job  just to make it   look somewhat completed,  and I have no choice but   to make do with what I have.  Ah! ? ?  - Gonna glue down  around your mouth. I've got to get the teeth in,  so I grab a little bit of glue,  put it on the backs   of my teeth,  then start popping them   in individually.  They seem to be   holding up pretty well,  but it's hard to tell how   they're gonna go in the water, so this is nerve-wracking.  - Spin.   This is one of  the coolest   paint jobs I've ever done,  and I really want it   to stand out even more,  so I paint gloss   all over my entire makeup,  and it's looking pretty good.  I think it'd be hard   for Matt to beat me.  Spin this way.  ? ?  - My makeup needs to   withstand that water  and not cloud up the tank,  so I cover him head to toe   with Kryolan setting spray,  and there's no way this paint's   coming off on me.  Ha ha ha!   - [laughing]  - 10 minutes, guys!  ? ?  - Time! - Yeah, that looks cool.  - Like three colors   of paint shy.  I'm most disappointed that   I didn't get enough time  to finish this paint job.   It looks sick, dude.  - Thanks, man.   - Jordan's is looking amazing  and I'm pretty sure he's already  got this in the bag.  [laughter]  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - Good evening, everyone.  Welcome to the "Face Off"   reveal stage.  Please say hello to our   phenomenal series judges.  Owner of Alchemy   Studios, Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   - Good evening, Glenn.  - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning   makeup artist Ve Neill.  - Hello again, everyone.   - Hey, Ve.  - And of course creature and   concept designer Neville Page.  - Hello.   all: Hey, Neville.  - All right, let's get to it.  For your Spotlight Challenge,  we asked you to each select  a unique illustration found  on a 16th Century map  and use it to inspire   an original sea monster.  And in an added twist,   we told you  that your makeups would   also need to be waterproof.  Let's take a look   at your creations  before they take a plunge   in our water tank.  Mel and Derek,   you're our first battle.  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - It's pretty brutal   seeing him out there.  We were supposed to make   a sea monster  and my creature   could be a Beanie Baby.  ? ?  - It looks cool on stage.  Hopefully it flows   really well in the water  and it just makes it   that much cooler.  ? ?  - Man, I'm so   proud of this one.  I love that paint job.  I really feel like I knocked   this one out of the park.  ? ?  - My sea monster is amazing.  It's exactly what I envisioned.  If I can win this,   I can make a statement  that "I beat you.   I beat you."  ? ?  - He's really selling   this character a lot.  It's looking exactly   how I wanted it to,  and I'm super   pumped about it.  I'm really thinking that   this could be my chance  to win a challenge.  ? ?  - My sea creature's definitely  not contrasted enough.  The paint's only a third   of the way done  and had I had time to finish it, I would've been much more happy   with this makeup.  ? ?  - All right guys, it's time  to put your makeups to the test  by submerging them   in our water tank.  Judges, go ahead   and take a closer look.  ? ?  - The fin moves   really beautifully.  It just kind of floats   back and forth.  - Those shoulder fins are  a really beautiful detail,  too, especially  how the light's hitting them.  - The color saturation   is perfect on this one.  - Mm-hmm.  - So beautiful.   - It's fantastic.  I like the way   the chest moves.  - The paint work's  even better underwater.  The tiny little details  that he managed  in the black pop so much better. - This is really a risky one  to do, a giant nose like that.  - Mm-hmm,  it can get goofy so easy, but instead this   is really scary.  - Wow this looks so cool.  - Yeah, the color palate looks  so good underwater.  - It does.   He's done so much rendering  and sculpting  just with an airbrush.  - Really, really   smart decision making.  - The profile of this thing  is so fantastic.  - He's really scary looking.  - I like the fact that   that pink ring  around the face   is now desaturated.  It seems to help it.  - But still, the way the colors   work against the sculpture  is just as bad   in the water as it is out.  - Oh, wow, his fin's   coming off now.  And so is all the paint.   - It's not holding up at all.  - It's falling apart.  One by one his quills   and fins start breaking free.  - He's losing a lot of his stuff  underwater  and this is what this challenge   is all about.  - This isn't good.  I'm probably   gonna be a bottom look.  - All right, guys, it's time   to get on Twitter and tell us  who you think won   tonight's battles using  #FaceOff.  .  - Oh, the whole thing came off.  - He's losing a lot of   his stuff underwater.  It's just sort of falling off.  - It's definitely a bummer that   I'm losing some pieces  in the water, and had I had   time to finish it,  I would've been much more happy   with this makeup.  - It's a shame, the face shapes  are actually quite beautiful.  - The face shapes are   pretty attractive,  but it's the texturing  and the paintwork,  and the details on the face  that I don't care for.  - The breastbone and chest looks  exquisite underwater, and I love the way her tendrils  are just floating.  - I kind of like the dynamic   of that head dorsal fin too.  - Love that fin. - I like this   a lot better underwater.  - The face,   it's gotten worse for me.  - It has, because it ups   the contrast.  The water's actually   making it worse.  - Yeah, the most effective part   is the mane.  - Mm-mm.  - Bye, bye.  - All right, the judges   have chosen the winners  and losers of each battle.  Let's find out   who came out on top.  In battle number one,   Mel versus Derek,  the winner is Derek.  - [unintelligible]   - Thanks.  - In battle number two,   Walter vs. Matt,  the winner is...  Matt.  [applause]  And finally, in battle   number three,  Jordan versus Damien,   the winner is...  Jordan.  [applause]  Congratulations to all   of the victors.  Now the judges would like   to speak with some of you  to find out more about   your work.  Matt, you're up first.  [dramatic music]  - Hey, Matt.   - Hi, Glenn.  - Tell us about   your sea monster.  - Well, I had this   really odd-looking character.  It had a very prolonged snout,   so I wanted to go  with some Kaiju influence,  Godzilla textures   and bone protrusions.  - It is absolutely phenomenal.  That head shape   is just gorgeous.  What I really have to applaud   is your ability to balance  that shape, which so easily   gets goofy,  with all the shapes   in the forehead  and the back of the neck.  This is probably   my favorite shark head thing  I've ever seen, period.  - Thank you so much.   - My favorite part on  this makeup was this chest.  When he was moving in the water,  that chest plate moved in  and out like it was breathing. It was really cool looking.  Nice job this week, honey.  - Thank you.  - The side view   is just so perfect.  You're done a magnificent job, and all the way to the point   of the shoulder details.  It's shell-like, it's fin-like,   really sublime.  - Thank you.   - Matt, thank you so much.  If you'd please head back.  ? ?  - Good job, man.  - Mel, please step up.  ? ?  - Hi, Mel.   - Hello.  - Please tell us   about your sea monster.  - So I got literal sea horse.  I was thinking   more like the fish,  but I wanted to keep   the more animal mouth  and the fish structure   and profile.  - This is just so bizarre to me. It's almost Day-Glo.  I don't think I've ever seen   a fish, or a sea horse,  or anything aquatic resemble   this character,  and it just throws me   for a loop.  This was not a success   for me this week, dear.  - The union of the body   in this character  is where it starts   to fall apart for me.  The way you treated   the sculpture  didn't feel terrestrial,   it didn't feel mythological.  It starts to feel very alien,  and it takes you way   out of the challenge.  - If you're going to just   go full-blown sea horse  then you should've really  embraced the trumpet style nose, and it's all   very much exacerbated  by some disastrous   paint decisions.  When you work   with really dark colors  you have to be very, very,  very specific   to pop those shapes.  - Mel, thank you so much,   please head back.  - Thank you.  ? ?  - Jordan, you're up.  ? ?  - Jordan, tell us   about your sea monster.  - The sea monster that I had, it had a very elongated head shape. When I think about sea creatures or sea monsters   I think of angler fish,  so I wanted   to go in a route like that.  - Well, you achieved   that very thing.  It is so well-crafted   and so well-conceived.  It gives us this cornucopia   of forms and shapes,  and things to look at that   are very controlled,  and very purposeful.  And as a consequence, very,   very believable.  - Thank you.  - This is an absolutely   killer embellishment  of that wood cut style.  You were able to create that   nostril area of the creature  so perfectly to give him   that killer profile,  and the makeup worked   well underwater.  I think you really,   really killed this challenge.  - Thank you very much.  - Your monster was   absolutely gorgeous.  When he turned sideways,  and when he was   swimming around in there  with that fin and everything  it just gave me   the goose bumps.  This thing could just walk   right onto a movie set.  - Thank you.   - Awesome.  - Thank you.   - Jordan, thank you so much.  You can head back.  - Thank you, guys.  - Good job, Jordan.   - Thanks, guys.  Thank you.  - Damien, please come forward.  ? ?  - Hey, Damien.   - Hey.  - Tell us about   your sea monster.  - The sea monster that I had,  had a really elongated snout,   so rather  than bringing   that snout out I wanted  to just bring it more angular,   and it also had  a lot of dragon frill coming   out from behind it,  so I went literal with that.  Kind of got away from me   a little bit this week.  - I'd have to agree with you.  The paint job fights the   sculpture, it doesn't help it.  It's being battled by the way   you applied the color.  Then on top of all that,  a lot of your components   failed, they fell off.  The fin around the face   was doubling over on itself  and folding over his eyes.  So you had a lot of problems   in the water this week.  - Mm-hmm.   - What I can't figure out is  why you thought that starting   with a turquoise blue color  was gonna be a good idea   for a sea monster.  It's just so stark  against black lightning stripes  on this guy's body.  And the peach around the face   really threw me for a loop.  - This paint job sucks.   - This paint job sucks.  There, you said it.  That for me is the most   problematic part  of this makeup is the paint job. - I completely agree.  - The pink tissue  that's around the face  feels anonymous and unresolved.  If you chose to make   that something specific  such as a gill,  you would've then been able   to figure out  what it does and resolve it   in such a way  that it isn't this   confusing thing.  It's just not done.  - Yeah.  - Damien, thank you,   you can head back.  - Thanks, guys.  - All right, please head back   to the makeup room  while the judges deliberate.  - Thank you.  - All right, judges, we saw some incredible work here tonight,  so why don't we start with  the looks you liked the most.  Let's begin with Matt.  - That was really one of   the finest sculptures  and designs I've seen.  Around the eyes,   and that profile  at the front in particular,   it was absolutely spectacular.  - He allowed that pointed nose   to drive  what he was going to do,   and that was incredibly risky, but man, it is fantastic  when you see it in the water.  - I thought the paint   work was really great,  and I did like the way   the stenciled  airbrushing read in the water. It read great out  of the water as well. - All right, let's talk  about Jordan's work.  - Oh, I love this makeup.  That thing could've stepped   right onto a horror movie.  The black and white   was just perfect,  and in the tank   it was spectacular.  - The shapes were phenomenal  and I think  it was particularly well-suited  for his skill set,  even though it  is a mask technique,  this is where you use that,  where you create a nasal region  on your creature  that allows the person   to see as well as they can,  and the mouth was nice   and wide open,  the performer  could blow bubbles very easily.  - It was the best match   to the mythos provided.  - Yeah.   - All right, let's move on  to the makeups that weren't  as successful this week.  Let's start with Mel.   - Oh, poor Mel.  That choice to go so black   and so dark  with it got away from her.  - There's no boundaries between   the light and dark shades.  There's no transitions.   It's a real mess.  - If you were to just put that  out in front of anyone and say, "What do you think   this challenge is about?"  You'd never guess,  and that's a huge problem. - And finally, let's talk  about Damien.  - There really wasn't much  of his chosen image   in the makeup.  It felt confused.  - It's the same blue paint job   as two other people,  and not done as well.  - The placement of the membranes  on the arms and the legs,  they're just pasted on,  and subsequently fell off   in the water.  Color aside, shape aside,  that's a huge problem   in this challenge.  - All right, judges,  have you made your decision?  - Yes.   - We have.  - Let's bring them back out.  [dramatic music]  ? ?  Glenn, who is the winner   of tonight's challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  ? ?  McKenzie: The winner of   "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip  from Kryolan Professional   Makeup  to one of their 85   international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  - Glenn, who is the winner   of tonight's challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  ? ?  Jordan.  [applause]  Leveraging the angler   fish anatomy did  so much to enhance both   your model's body  as well as your   sculptural decisions.  Absolutely killer makeup.  - Thank you.   I finally got my challenge win  and it couldn't have been   with a cooler character.  I was just super happy   to work on this challenge  and to walk away   with a win is awesome.  - Jordan, congratulations,   you have won the help  of an industry expert   in next week's challenge.  All right everyone,   why don't you all go home  and get some rest before   your next battle, goodnight.  - Goodnight, thank you.   all: Thank you.  - I'm feeling   disappointed in myself.  I know that I'm capable  of doing better work than this.  I have to step it up.   I don't want to get this close to the finale   and fall by the wayside  and have that regret.  McKenzie:   Next time on "Face Off"...  Welcome to the semi-finals.   - Oh!  - This is do or die, this is it. - It's not cured enough   to open and clean out.  It's gonna be tough   to get into that finale.  - I feel like I'm not in here   with you,  you're in here with me.  .  McKenzie: Previously   on "Face Off: Battle Royale"  the artists battled   head to head--  - It's on.  McKenzie: To create horrific   fairy tale characters.  - Whoo!   This is such high stress.  - It could be anybody's game.  McKenzie: Kelly's makeup wowed the judges for the overall win,  but the defeated artists   are in danger of going home  in tonight's   elimination challenge.  Remember when you were afraid   of monsters under the bed?  - I can't afford   to be the battle loser.  - I literally have nothing.  - This is "Face Off:   Battle Royale."  all: Whoo!  [exciting music]  ? ?  ? ?  - Ooh, wow.  - What?   - Ew.  - This room is pink.  There are fluffy   toys everywhere.  Looks like a little girl   might live in this room.  It's a little bit terrifying. - [bleep].   - Good morning, everybody.  Do you remember   when you were a kid  and you were afraid   of monsters under the bed?  - Yes.   - Well, films like  "Little Monsters"   and "Monsters, Inc."  have taken the idea  of scary monsters under the bed  and completely turned it   on its head,  featuring whimsical monsters   with day jobs  in a world a lot like our own,  so for this week's  Spotlight Challenge each of you  will chose an everyday   occupation and create the fun,  lighthearted monster   who carries out  that job in the monster world.  - I like that.   - That's cool.  - Monsters.   Okay, I can do that.  - Now, in the spirit   of the challenge,  there are various objects   under the bed  that represent your day jobs.  - Oh, my God.   - Oh, man.  - Now, there are two of each,   so when you choose one,  don't forget you're also   choosing your battle partner.  So we have a coffee pot that   represents a diner waitress,  a fireman's hat   for a firefighter,  a hair dryer for a hairdresser,  a badge for a police officer,  a gavel for a judge,  and some dental models   representing a dentist.  - Okay.   - Now, when I call your names  come on over and choose an item  from under the bed. Jordan, you're first.  ? ?  [laughter]  [clacks dentures]  ? ?  - Ooh.  - [hisses]  - I got it.  - There's so much   to choose from.  - Decaf?   - Cheers.  - Now, before you get started,   there's just one more thing.  - Of course there is.   - Of course.  - A good monster still needs  to be able to scare on command,  so you must incorporate  a physical gag   into your makeup  that transforms your monster  from lighthearted   to terrifying.  - Oh.   - Ah.  Gags are tough.  They require prototypes   and troubleshooting.  It's just gonna take   a lot of time,  and that's what's concerning me. - All right, now, we do have one  last order of business. Kelly, you won   the last challenge  and received the help   of an expert today.  Well, your expert is perfect   for this challenge.  His first professional job  was with the makeup department   on the TV show "Munsters."  Since then he's made monsters  for films like "Goosebumps," "Zombieland,"  and "Star Trek: Into Darkness,"  and along the way   he's won two Emmy awards.  Please welcome Jamie Kelman.  [applause]  - I'm super excited   to work with Jamie.  It's like having a coach again,  except this guy gets to get   his hands dirty with me,  so this is gonna be sweet.  - Hey. Thank you so much  for being here. - Thank you.   Thank you.  I'm very happy to be here,   make some monsters.  - Yeah. All right,   let's get to it.  You want to go join Kelly,   then, please?  - All right. Nice to meet you.   - So good to meet you.  - All right, guys,   it's time to get started,  and as a reminder,  this is a double   elimination challenge,  so make sure that you   pull out all the stops.  Good luck, guys.  ? ?  - I'm super excited   to work with Jamie.  With this cutthroat battle   against Kevon,  it's a great advantage,  and I got to use it right.  I'm thinking of going  with a kind of bat monster. My concept is--  [low, scratchy voice]   Her name is Mabel,  and she works night shift   at the cafe.  She'll tell you great stories,   but you cross her, and--  [babbles]  - Don't forget they want her to  go from whimsical to menacing.  - The biggest thing   that Jamie is pushing for me  is my monster   has to have character.  - Maybe she has a hairstyle   that this ties into  so that it's not  just, like, a beard.  - The gag is that   she pulls down her beard,  and it reveals this nasty,  lumpy lips underneath and,  like, a big, old tongue.  Gosh, I'm so pumped up. - Two heads are better than one.  - You know?  ? ?  - How's your idea looking?  Do you have [indistinct] style?  - Yeah.   - Yeah.  - This challenge I get   to go up against Damien.  We actually wanted to go   against each other  just for some   friendly competition.  This way we can   have fun with it.  My monster's a judge,  and since judges   wear these powder wigs,  I'm thinking it's made   out of brains,  and I want its eyes   to sort of bulge out.  Yeah, so I'm gonna try  to make it so the eyes go--[rolls tongue] It should be   pretty disturbing.  That big mouth, like--   - [laughs]  - I got the firefighter.  The first thing I was thinking  about was a fire hydrant  and then went to metal,  and so I'm going to be   doing a man made of metal.  For the gag I'd really like   to do something  where the jaw drops   or comes off,  and that's going to be   a big mouth of some sort,  something to really   scare the kids.  How's it going?   - Getting there.  I'm still working  on the face design. - Oh, yeah.  I'm really nervous   to battle Derek  because I feel like he's one   of the strongest artists  in this competition.  - My concept for my monster is this big, blue, grumpy fireman,  and then my gag is gonna be   his chin's gonna open up,  and there's gonna be   all this gore  and teeth and fangs inside.  It needs to kind of be   from the bottom up  with the big, open mouth.  - Good luck, brother.   - Thanks, man, you too.  ? ?  - My profession is hairdresser,   and I am battling Yvonne.  I know that she is   very good at makeup,  so I really need to do well,  but I just cannot come up   with anything at all.  I can't worry about the gag   until I have a good concept.  ? ?  - I selected the cop   because I think  I can come up with something   that can be both fun  and lighthearted   and also terrifying,  so I want to do a rabbit cop.  The gag is a cute   bunny rabbit hops out,  and he takes his hat off,  and he's terrifying   underneath his cop uniform.  - My concept is a four-armed   waitress squid, and the gag  is a terrifying face revealed   on the back of her head.  I'm going up against   Kelly this round,  and she's making   tremendous progress  'cause, well, you got Kelly   sculpting something,  and then you got Jamie Kelman   sculpting something,  so I have no choice   but to move very fast.  ? ?  - My concept   for my police officer  is that   he's a mall security guard.  He's a really big dude,  and I want to make this   a rhino-inspired makeup.  For my gag I'm thinking   of making these two flaps  that snap down and expose   something scary underneath.  - So for my dentist I just   want to make a giant, wacky,  pearly-white smile creature   with big,  floppy ears and a little,  pink hairdo that might have   possibly kidnapped  the real dentist   and taken his place.  For my gag I'd love to have   a rolled-up tongue  that flops out   and flops around  whenever he opens his mouth.  I'm really liking where   this sculpt is going.  ? ?  - I just don't want   your overlap--  - Yeah, I was thinking that.  - And underlap to not  harmoniously tie together, of course. - It's really cool   to have Jamie in the lab.  I'm blocking out the face,  and he's making these bat ears and blocking out these huge,   nasty lips,  and I'm really liking the way   that this is going.  I love her. I love her.   - Yeah, it's coming along.  - But unfortunately,   our time must end.  - Okay.   - Good luck.  - You have a--thank you.  - Good luck to all you  crazy kids making monsters.  - Thank you.   - Good luck.  - Thank you.  - My mind is blank right now,  and I can't draw anything.  - How's your concept coming?   - I have none.  If I can't come up   with a concept for my makeup,  then I can't even compete.  - So what were you  thinking originally?  - I've had so many ideas,  and they're all so bad. I have nothing.  I'll figure it out.  I was just getting some ideas.  Two people are going home,  and if I can't come up   with a concept,  then I don't have a chance here. .  - My mind is blank right now,  and I just cannot come up   with anything at all.  I have nothing.  I'm feeling like   I can't even compete.  - You have a face,  and you have clay,  and you have  a really good brain. - I really have no choice.  I just have to pick something   and go with it.  - You're so talented, dude.  Don't psych yourself out.  You could always start   looking at reference books.  - Yeah, maybe.   - You got this.  Come on.  Just go for it.  - So I start looking   at some reference photos,  and the idea of a insect monster  sounds really cool to me.  She's gonna open up her head,  and there's gonna be   a mouth inside,  and I think that'll   be kind of creepy.  I have renewed energy,  and I'm ready   to start sculpting.  [electronic music]  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.   - Hi.  - Hey.   - Hello.  - I have a cafe waitress.   - Uh-huh.  - What I want the gag to be  is I want her to turn around and have this mouth  and these eyes open   on the back of the head.  So do you think  I should avoid pointed teeth on this to keep it friendly? - Yes, 'cause it'd really be   interesting  to have him actually start  this way and then turn around.  - Okay.  - What character did you select? - The dentist,  so he has blue toothpaste   splattered all over him.  He's got teeth protruding,  and he's, like, gum pink. - This, to me,  looks very human with this  stuck on the end of it.  If you raise the nose up a bit,  it'll become more  of a character.  - So I got the dentist. For my gag there's gonna   be a silicone tongue  rolled up inside of it.  - Now, how's that   gonna be released?  - I'm either gonna use  a CO2 cartridge, or it's going  to be blown through. - Blowing it would probably   be better than the CO2.  - Yeah. - Because with that  it's like oop, it doesn't work.  - Yeah. - If he could control it,  it's gonna happen like that.  - Right. - I am making a police officer.   - Okay.  Your mouth is just a nonspecific human pair of lips,  so I think you need  to change this a little bit,  and all your lines here,  you want to drag it  all down with gravity.  - Okay.   - She is a hairdresser.  - Okay.   - The idea is that  I'm gonna sculpt   a mouthpiece separately,  and then I will be able   to lift up the cowl  and stick the mouth   inside underneath,  but I'm having a hard time   figuring out my shapes  because I want it  to be bug-like. - If you want it  to be bug-like,  you're gonna need planes to it.  Square it off.  - 'Kay.   - And then square it off.  - Okay.  - So then it takes it away  from looking like-  - Sure, to--yeah.   - A floppy ear, yeah, yeah.  - Okay, I see   what you're saying.  - Yeah.  - So I got the fireman.   - Mm-hmm.  - It's kind of like   a robot creature,  and I'm gonna be doing   a drop jaw gag.  - Don't be afraid  to make this thick enough.  This is all pretty close  to the head.  - Okay.  - So if you need more thickness  to make your gag work,  thicken it up.  - That's a great idea.   - Bye, everybody. Good luck.  - Thank you.   - Bye.  - Bye.  ? ?  - I'm very worried.  I'm making a rabbit,   not really a monster,  but it's lighthearted and fun   and also terrifying,  and I have the gag,   so I hope the judges agree  that I'm fitting the challenge.  The face is done,   so it's time to mold it.  I'm still uneasy   about my concept,  but hopefully it works out   and I can squeak by this one.  - One hour, everybody.  ? ?  - That's time, everyone.  [all cheering]  - All right.  The first thing I need to do is   open up my mold, clean it out,  and get my latex pulled.  For his regular teeth, I don't  want them to be regular-- like goofy, nothing scary.   - Yeah.  - And then it's gonna split  right here. - That's cool, man.  - Now I have to start   making my gag,  so I sculpt the inside   of the mouth  down the model's chin,  and the cowl is gonna   go over that.  It'll split open   into two pieces,  and it's gonna reveal   this terrifying monster.  I'm really liking   how it's coming out.  - Man, so cool.   - Thanks, man.  - It's time to start   working on my gag.  So my initial idea was to have  this rolled-up, hollow, silicone tongue that can fit   inside the mouth,  and the actor can just blow it   out like a party whistle,  so I grab a board   and a wooden dowel  and start sculpting my tongue.  I want it to be real warty   and nasty-looking,  just to have the inside  of the mouth be really realistic and disgusting-looking  while the outside's cartoony   and lighthearted.  I'm nervous about   making the gag work  just because I've got to do   a lot of pre-painting  before I can even apply it   to the model,  so I've only got one shot,  and if it doesn't   turn out right,  it could mean the difference   between a win and a lose.  - For my firefighter   I vacuform over the jaw piece.  I want it to be   completely hollow  so that the actor can remove it, and everything is underneath   for the scare,  so I try a pull method,  which is one large tube   with a smaller tube inside,  and then you can just slide   the jaw through up and down,  but unfortunately,  I'm having a really hard time   getting it to work.  I can't push these tubes   to the face  and get a nice, clean slide,  so I have to scrap that idea.  The gag is a big part   of this challenge,  and right now I don't even know  if my jaw piece   is gonna work out.  The metal up against the face,  since I can't build, like,   a whole frame--  - Yeah, that's true.  - I don't have   the time for that.  I've tested it a ton,   but nothing's worked out,  and I'm really, really nervous.  It's two in a row   if I'm bottom this time.  I could go home.  Eh. .  - The metal up against the face,  since I can't build, like,  a whole frame--   - Yeah, that's true.  - I don't have   the time for that.  For my gag I tried a pull method so that I could   pull this jaw down,  but unfortunately,   I have to scrap that idea,  so I'm gonna do   a magnet reveal,  so there will be two magnets,  and I'll be able   just to pull this jaw off,  and there will be   these gnarly teeth underneath,  so I'm hoping   that my vacuform jaw  is lightweight enough so that   I won't have any problems.  ? ?  - I got to start making   my big, bulging eyes.  The gag is that bladders   are pushing these eyeballs  out of the prosthetic   giving my character bug eyes.  The process of making a bladder  is stippling layers of latex   over and over,  creating a tiny cavity,   and then connecting a tube.  Look. - Aw, dude, it's awesome.  - 30 minutes, everyone.  - Time is running out,  and I need   to run four squid-like hands  as fast as I can in slip latex  and poly foam.  To stay on track,   all that has to be done today.  - All right, guys, that's time.   - Oh, no.  Kelly won the last challenge  and had professional help   this round.  I can't afford to be   the battle loser this time,  so last thing I want,   day three, is more lab work.  I need to apply.   I need to paint,  and I need to finish the gag,  so tomorrow is going to be   a very high-stress day.  ? ?  - Whoo!   - Gremlin hands.  - The edges are dope.   - That's pretty.  - Jordan, nice to meet you.   - What's up, man?  - You're a hairdresser monster.   - Oh, my God.  - I've got a lot to do,   so my plan  is to apply my cowl   and my face.  You want to push that guy  into place?  Glue the ears to the hat  and then start applying hair   to his chin.  I hope I can get it   all done in time.  - I'm just gonna cut this,  so get it ready. I'm feeling extremely nervous.  The foam isn't great.  There's some areas   that collapsed.  My seaming   is pretty bad as well.  I haven't even started   to apply yet,  but I'm just going as fast   as I can, trying to save this.  - Yeah, I'm gonna put   little magnets right here.  It'll be easy for you   to just kind of  pull it and then click it   back if you need to.  To keep this mouth   closed for my gag,  I decide to use some magnets.  No, let's try something else.   But they're not sticking.  They're not working the way   I thought they would.  Yeah, this is gonna work. I'm behind, but this is  a important piece   of my whole design,  so I have to make sure   it works.  - For colors I am using   the palette of a dentist,  the whites and the pinks.  Let me just get your left side.  I start with a base coat   of PAX paint,  and then I go in   with a lighter pink  for all the highlights   and the darker purples  and darker reds.  - You just brushed the dry blood  in there?  - Yeah.  - That looks cool, man.   - Everything's going great.  He's very cartoony   and vibrant-looking,  but I'm battling Jordan,  and his monster's   looking really awesome,  so I've got to bring my A-game.  - The idea is that with magnets  you're gonna be able to just go, and it will show that part.  I've never really done   a gag like this,  and the magnets are tough  because the hot glue gun  has a metal tip   that sticks to the magnets,  so I'm having to pipe   the hot glue  onto a popsicle stick  and then put it on the magnet, so it's a little bit   of troubleshooting,  but it's coming together.  I keep thinking about   the 8 million ways  I could have done this easier.  - You have all these jagged   teeth that I'm placing in.  I'm having a really hard time  getting the teeth   to stick down right here.  I don't think   I can make it work,  so it really throws off   this idea  that I have a mouthful of metal   underneath this jaw piece.  Let's see if this works. It's not what I wanted,   but I have to stick with it.  - Pull it straight up.   I get the mechanical skull  for the second face   into the back of this cowl,  but time is almost up,   and I realize  that I have spent damn near  all of my application   time working on this gag.  Oh, God, what else.  Somehow I get all her arms   attached, her hands attached,  and a pink base layer,   but I need to do a lot  to make this aesthetically  to the level it needs to be at.  - We got 15 minutes, guys.  ? ?  - That's time, guys.  Holy [bleep].  - Time's up, and I'm still   pre-painting it,  so I don't have anything   applied to my model.  In addition, I haven't   really had a chance  to work out my gag yet.  It's nerve-racking just   because I need everything  to go according to plan   in Last Looks  if I want any chance  of winning my battle   against Matt.  [all chattering]  - I'm freaking out a bit.  I got to paint the mouth,   get this hair on there,  and finish the face paint job. This character has got   to stand out.  - I've got a lot to do   in this one hour.  I need to apply   my entire makeup  plus work out my gag.  But the tongue doesn't quite fit  the way that I anticipated,  so I'm gonna need   to hang it out the side.  I'm just hoping   that the silliness  of the tongue flopping around  will be enough   to please the judges.  - It feels like the hour's   going by in five minutes,  and I'm trying to get her   other hand on,  get her wardrobe on,   get her eyes in.  I'm still trying to figure out  this paint job.  It's all just a blur.  - I'm painting him red   to really show the inspiration  from the fire truck,   but it's drowning out  all that metal   that I painted underneath,  so it's not reading as well   as I'd like it to.  - 15 minutes.  ? ?  - That's time, guys.  - [laughs]  - It's still a full creature.  At least you didn't do a robot   for a monster challenge.  This isn't what I've envisioned. This isn't how I saw it.  I don't feel like it meets   the challenge.  I can feel the judges   yelling at me already.  .  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  - Good evening, everyone.  Welcome to the "Face Off"   Reveal Stage.  Tonight, two of you   will be eliminated.  Now, before we get to business,   please say hello  to our amazing series judges,  owner of Alchemy Studios,   Mr. Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   - Good evening.  - Hi, Glenn.   - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning  makeup artist Ms. Ve Neill.  - Hi, everybody.   - Hey.  - Hey.   - And of course,  creature and concept   designer Mr. Neville Page.  - Hello, everyone.   - Hello, Neville.  - All right, let's get to it.  For your Spotlight Challenge  we asked you to choose   an everyday occupation  and use it to inspire a fun,  lighthearted monster   that carries out  that job in the monster world,  and in an added twist we asked  that you also incorporate   a physical gag  that would transform   your friendly monster  into a terrifying figure,  so let's take a look   at your monstrous creations.  Jordan and Matt,   you are our first battle.  ? ?  - Even though my gag   doesn't really work,  I'm loving the way   that it looks.  The big, nasty teeth   are a great focal point.  It just really brings   the character together.  ? ?  - The colors are great.   The gag is there.  Blood just spurts   like a root canal,  so I believe I've got a really   great chance to win this.  ? ?  - The whole package   could be a lot better.  I Just wish it was bigger,   louder, more climactic.  ? ?  - It's fun, but I'm looking   at my paint job on the face,  and it's not my best work.  ? ?  - I'm concerned the judges  are going to think   it's painted too dark,  so I'm pretty nervous   at this point.  - He opens up his mouth,  and all that slime   and goo just looked perfect.  Hopefully the judges   get that effect and like it.  ? ?  - He's got this long,   gross strand of slime.  I'm really happy.   The gag works fantastic.  - I want to beat Damien, but  he got a lot more time to paint  than I did,  so hopefully they dig my gag   and the character.  ? ?  - I'm feeling really good   about my makeup,  and no dreads fell off,   so that's a huge bonus.  - My model goes to   pull her mohawk up,  and it just looks like   a black hole.  This makes me nervous.  ? ?  - It looks really cool,   really fun,  and then he pulls that hat off,  and he looks so scary   and terrifying,  and it looks great.  - I think the gag worked out   better than I anticipated,  but I don't know  if it's enough to win my battle. - Okay, judges, go ahead   and take  a closer look   at these magnificent monsters.  ? ?  - Nice and shiny.   - So much better that way.  - Really contrasting colors  which made it feel  appropriately childlike. Lift your cap off for us.  - Oh.   - Now we're talking.  - It's a beautiful pink  paint job.  I got to give him that.  This part is pretty fun  and silly.  - I think that the paint job   could have been  a little bit more defining  in terms of the two  different characters.  - I don't understand the choice  for the structure   of the sculpture.  - It's really simplistic.  - This feels confused.  - Hold that thing open.  - I think it's one of   the more successful reveals.  - Yeah, I like this one.  - It lines up really nicely.   - It does.  - Can we see it  without the face on?  - I love the reveal, but I don't  like the green paint.  It's muddy and gray.  - Can you reveal your dark side? - It does go   from bad to worse,  I'll give it that.  - Thank you.  - Okay, the judges have chosen   the winners  and losers of each battle.  Let's find out   who came out on top.  In battle number one,   Jordan versus Matt,  the winner is...  ? ?  All right, guys, it's time   to get on Twitter  and tell us who made your   favorite whimsical monster  using #faceoff.  .  - Okay, the judges   have chosen the winners  and losers of each battle.  Let's find out   who came out on top.  In battle number one,   Jordan versus Matt,  the winner is Jordan.  - Yeah.  - In battle number two,  Kevon versus Kelly,   the winner is Kevon.  - Ooh.  - In battle number three,  Jo versus Derek,   the winner is...  Derek.  - Thanks.  - In battle number four,  Damien versus Graham,   the winner is Damien.  - Yeah.   - Congrats.  - In battle number five,   Yvonne versus Sasha,  the winner is Yvonne.  [applause]  And finally,   in battle number six,  Walter versus Mel,  the winner is Walter.  [applause]  Congratulations   to all of our victors.  Now the judges   would like to speak  with some of you   before making their decisions.  Walter, please step forward.  - Hello, Walter.   - How's it going, guys?  - Tell us about your approach   to this challenge.  - Well, I wanted the rabbit cute  and fuzzy,  and I wanted the reveal   to be he takes his hat off,  and it's a very monster-y   feel from the nose up.  - It is exactly   what we were looking for.  Some of the paint's   absolutely gorgeous  in that profile along the side  where it transitions   from the weird,  red-purplies into the white.   Great stuff.  - Thank you very much.  - I think your reveal   was just stunning.  When he takes the hat off,   you see those furrowed,  dark brows, fantastic.  - Thank you very much.   - That grin that he has,  there's just a little bit   of menace going on already,  and the choice of doing   a small nose also lends  to his cute factor  and makes the reveal   that much more horrific.  - Walter, please step back.   - Thank you so much, Brian.  - Jo, please come forward.  ? ?  - Hello.  - Would you tell us the concept   behind your child's monster?  - When I got the firefighter,  I started thinking   about elements  that could actually fight fire  and then thought fire truck.  - For me it doesn't   work this week.  - Okay.   - Can he take his thing off?  It's really difficult  to tell what that   is supposed to be inside.  It doesn't look scary   or menacing.  - With the jaw off   it almost looks simian versus  looking like a large mouth   with metallic teeth.  - It desperately needs little   dings of silver and stuff,  and the idea,   as good as it is,  I don't think ends up   in your final product.  - Okay, thank you.   - Jo, you can step down.  - Thank you.  - Jordan, please step   to the center.  ? ?  - So tell us   about your concept.  - My wacky dentist kidnapped   a real dentist,  tied him up,   put him in the closet,  and is now taking customers. - It's ridiculous.  It's childlike. I love it.  There's some beautiful shapes.  There's some beautiful painting. It's very cartoony,  but it satisfies the challenge.   The only part of the challenge  it really didn't satisfy   is the gag.  - It's precisely like the zonky   type of shenanigans  we expected to see out   of a challenge like this,  and I think you delivered   super strong.  - Thank you.   - I love your color choices.  Those teeth are just so shiny   and so rotten at the top.  Fantastic, you did a great job,   darling.  - Thank you very much.   - Jordan, please head back.  - Thanks.  - All right,   let's talk to Sasha.  ? ?  - Tell us about your concept.   - I wanted to create a monster  that had some shapes   of an insect  and an alien that would live   in Tim Burton World.  - The gag feels   really uninspired.  ? ?  It's not well-integrated   into the fundamental design  of what you did.  - There's no payoff.   There's no monster involved,  and that is one of the main   things we wanted to see,  and I think staying away   from Tim Burton  when you have to do   light and breezy  is a much better choice.  - It comes down to the general   sculptural shape of your head.  It doesn't convey the things  that you listed   of insect, alien.  - Thank you.  - Sasha, if you'll   please head back.  Mel, please step up.  ? ?  - Would you tell us the concept   behind your monster?  - I decided to pull  from some animal influences   in the design.  It's a rhino and a cow   sort of meshed.  - I've seen a rhino.  They don't look   anything like that.  He looks scary already,  and then he pulls down his skin. It still looks like the same guy with a bunch of eyeballs   on his forehead,  so we don't have enough   of a split there.  - Thank you.  - The skin texture   that you chose,  it feels like you were using   yarn art as a technique.  It's just not the level   of quality  that I would love   to see from you in the future.  - Thank you.   - The entire kids aspect of it  is so desperately missing.  It's not appropriate   for the challenge,  is the biggest issue for me.  - Okay.   - Mel, please step back.  - Thank you.  ? ?  - All right, thank you, guys.  If you'll please head   back to the makeup room  while the judges deliberate. ? ?  All right, judges, we've got  a lot to discuss tonight.  Why don't we start with some   of your favorite makeups?  Let's begin with Walter.  - When I saw that blood  dripping down   from the side of the hat,  I went,   "Oh, this is disturbing.  This is gonna be good.   What's going on under there?"  - To hide that furled brow that   emotes this sinister, devious,  evil nature under the hat,   that's quite brilliant.  - It really showcased   competent character design.  - But the teeth were rubber.  It would have been so cool  if he would have done   acrylic teeth.  That would have made it   look more animated.  - All right, judges,   let's move on to Jordan.  - Polar opposite of Walter   because it is over the top.  I really appreciated   that he did his own thing.  - It's that beautiful shading   that brings  the whole thing together   and makes it feel alive.  But he missed the gag.  There's no gag.  Had to be a way to reveal  how cool that thing looked.  - All right, so as you know,   we are sending  two artists home tonight,  so let's move on to the makeups  that didn't work   for you this week.  Let's start with Jo.  - She had no place   to go with that.  I think it was just a bad idea  from the beginning.  - Going with hard surface   modeling,  especially the first time   you've ever done it,  it's just far too difficult.  When you make a bad decision   conceptually, you're doomed.  - So judges, remember last week   Jo was in the bottom  with her Mr. Toad character.  What do you think of that?   - Similar problems.  I didn't think the design   was very well resolved.  - And the paint job   was not great.  - All right, so let's talk about someone else  who was also  in the bottom last week  and this week, Mel.  - It would have worked if the   paint hadn't been so dark.  It was horrifying   to begin with.  - She did do, I think,   one of the cooler reveals.  I did enjoy the gag,  but I do think   that she is capable of better.  - All right,   let's move on to Sasha.  - That reveal's a pasted-on   afterthought,  just a mouth on the top   of the head.  How does that make it scarier? - There's so much room   for growth there cosmetically.  - Last week she did  that mermaid in the wheelchair. The face was a little rough,  but the whole idea   was pretty cool.  - It's not the concepts   I'm worried about.  It's the technical execution.  - All right then, judges,   have you made your decisions?  - We have. - We have.   - Yeah, we have.  - All right,   let's bring them back out.  ? ?  Welcome back, guys.  Glenn, who is the winner   of this challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  ? ?  McKenzie: The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip  from Kryolan   Professional Make-Up  to one of their 85   international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  - All right, Glenn, who is   the winner of this challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  Walter.  [applause]  The rabbit guy  was a very, very clever way   to approach this challenge,  and your brain gag was also   extremely successful.  Way to bounce back this week.   - Thank you so much.  It feels extremely good to get   a win on an All Star season,  and it's momentum   going into the next challenge.  - Walter, congratulations.  You and Jordan are safe  and can head back   to the makeup room.  - Thanks, guys.  - All right, guys, as you know,  you are all on the bottom,  and two of you   will be going home tonight.  Please step forward.  ? ?  All right, Glenn, who is the  first person going home tonight? - The first person   going home tonight is...  ? ?  Jo.  We thought your creative   concepts  were really quite strong,  but you set yourself   on a super-tough path,  and the execution   of those concepts  was your undoing this week.  - Jo, you have all the things  it'll take to make a really   fantastic makeup artist.  I'm sure you're gonna   be spectacular in our field.  - Thank you.   - Jo, it's been so great  having you back with us,   but you have been eliminated.  If you'd please head   back to the makeup room  and pack up your kit.  - Thanks for the opportunity.   - Thank you, Jo.  - Good luck, Jo. - It sucks to be eliminated   so early,  but it's been   an absolute pleasure  to have been part of All Stars.  - So Glenn, who is the second  person leaving us tonight?  - The second person   going home tonight is...  Sasha.  You have a great,   vivid imagination,  but your ideas congealed   into an alien-like being,  and it just didn't satisfy  this lighthearted   monster challenge.  - Sasha, I'm sorry, but you have  also been eliminated.  So that means Mel,   you are safe this week  and can head back   to the makeup room.  - Thank you.  - Sasha, I love how you think  and approach things,  and you will be missed,   but it's gonna be a pleasure  to see what you do   with your future.  - Thank you.  - Sasha, it's been so great   having you here with us.  If you'd please head   back to the makeup room  and pack up your kit.  - Thank you, everyone.   - Bye, sweetheart.  - Good luck.   - Thank you, Sasha.  - Good luck.   - Good luck.  - Coming back as an   All Star helped me realize  how much I want to grow.  There's so much   I still don't know.  all: Oh.  - I would have liked   to go further,  but I'm honored to be here  with so many talented people,  and I just can't wait   to keep going with makeup.  - I had so much fun being able   to sculpt monsters  and apply makeup.  I have no idea   what I'm gonna do after this,  but I definitely know   that art will be something  I'll never let go of.  McKenzie: Next time   on "Face Off."  We're delving into the world   of an ancient culture.  - I want to take away  some of the human form. - But that doesn't take it away. - I don't know   what I'm gonna do.  - The face is not coming out.  I'm screwed.  .  McKenzie: Previously on   "Face Off: Battle Royale"...  - Ooh.   - What?  McKenzie: The artists   battled head-to-head  with their Aztec aliens,  and Damien earned   his first victory.  - What?  McKenzie: And tonight...  - Oh!   [laughter]  - Welcome to the   Face Off Grand Hotel.  - This is so cool.  McKenzie: No one is safe  in this spooky   elimination challenge.  - I'd go even bigger.   - I'm not feeling it.  - Her edges are not going down.   It's insane.  - I don't know if they're gonna   like this makeup.  - This is   "Face Off: Battle Royale."  [all cheering]  [exciting music]  ? ?  [intense music]  ? ?  - What?  - Oh, this is awesome.  [eerie music]  - Spooky! - Oh, it's Damien's room.  - We walk into the lab,   and it's all foggy,  and I see cobwebs, and I'm like, "Finally, we're getting scary."  ? ?  - Is that a ghost?   - Yes, yes, yes.  - There's this   eerie hotel desk,  and someone's   putting mail away.  What's going on right now?  - Oh!   [laughter]  Hello there.  Welcome to   the Face Off Grand Hotel.  Are you checking in?  - Mm-hmm.   - Oh, fantastic!  Well, we do happen to have   just enough rooms  for each of you   on the 13th floor.  - I knew it. I knew it.  - Oh, my God.   This is so cool.  McKenzie has never done   anything like this before.  She is so spooky   but quirky and fun,  and I'm just excited   to get into this challenge.  - Unfortunately, we do--   we do seem to be having  just a little problem   with our hotel staff,  because, you see, our finest,  they went to go ready   those rooms,  and, well, they disappeared,  but perhaps you could help.  - Yes.   - Would you? Yes!  Great.   Thank you so much.  I happen to have enough tags   for our missing staff,  just some spare ones.  So if you would   all just be a peach  and come and grab one   and bring them back to us,  oh, we would be   forever grateful,  and we understand that they're   not gonna be quite the same.  Maybe a little quirkier.  Hello!   Maybe even a little ghostly.  All right,   so who wants to go first?  How about my little pirate there  with the gray beard and hair?  If you could   come pick one there.  Yes, that would be fantastic.  What's it gonna be? Oh, great choice. - I think I'm gonna do maid.   - Yes!  Oh, this is so exciting. You with the striking   arms there.  [laughter]  - Maid.   - Oh, good.  Ooh, I love it. Oh, another bellhop. Ha, ha, ha.  Let's see yours. - Chef.  - Well, now you made that easy.  [bell dinging]  - Concierge.   - Concierge it is.  One final one.  You get the handyman. Oh, you're just too cute. - You too.   - Thank you.  Oh, I'm so excited   to see our staff again.  Now, I must let you know   that in two days' time,  it'll be   the one-year anniversary  since our entire staff   disappeared,  and the supernatural energy   will be at its peak.  So it's imperative   that you get the job done.  [scattered chuckling]  Understood?  - Okay.   - Thank you so much  for choosing   the Face Off Grand Hotel.  Bye-bye, now.   I'll see you soon, okay?  - Bye.   - Thank you.  [rock music]  - Since I won   the last challenge,  I'm actually gonna get   Mike Mekash to help me,  which is freaking amazing.  - Damien?   - Hey, Mike.  - Nice to meet you, man.  - He works on  "American Horror Story: Hotel."  So this is his forte, creating  spooky hotel characters.  So what I was kind of thinking, since we really only  have time for a face, is just doing, like,  a fat makeup. The concept that Mike and I land on is this fat, overweight chef  who's locked away   on the 13th floor,  and he's actually been   eating himself to death.  - Maybe do multiple rolls.   - Leading up to that big one?  Yeah, some saggy cheeks  would be cool. - You know what I mean?   - Mike feels really confident  in the foundation   of the concept that I have  and just builds   right on top of it,  making me feel even   more better about it.  Black-and-gray, like,   '50s, '40s style.  - Yeah. I mean, I don't think  that's a bad idea.  - So do you think I should-- - I just--but add  some color into it.  - I see Damien as   my number-one threat,  so I've been wanting   this battle to happen.  My concept is a ghostly,   emaciated chef  who poisons himself   by eating his own food,  and now he's damned   to be infused with the forks  and knives and the food   that he served people himself.  So I want to give it a Disney  "Haunted Mansion" kind of look.  I've never done   a two-day challenge  on "Face Off" on my season.  So the number-one thing   is time management.  ? ?  - I chose the concierge.  My idea is that he's just been   waiting for so long,  he starts rotting,  and I want to make   his face all decrepit.  I've got my work   cut out for me,  because I'm battling Walter,   and he is very talented.  - What are you doing? - I'm doing an old,   spooky ghost.  You getting scared?   - It scares me a lot.  - I can see it in  your face, Walter.  - Whew.  For my concierge,   I would really like to try  and do some things   that I don't normally do,  which is beauty makeup   as well as hair work.  So I'm going   for a bubbly, quirky,  Harley Quinn-meets-zombie.  I want her to have slits   coming from her mouth,  like maybe she went crazy  and kooky and carved   out her smile, like the Joker.  - Great. Let's show the drawing   on one, two, three.  ? ?  - [groans]  - I got this idea   that this bellhop,  he was constantly told,  "You know,   you need to smile more.  You need to smile more,"   and he just snaps.  So he takes a staple gun  and he staples   a smile on his face.  I love my concept,   but I'm worried that  it's a little too creepy   for the judges,  but it's still a ghost, and I  still want to scare some people. - So my battle partner   this time around is Kelly,  and she's a quirky character.  I'm a quirky character.  So it's gonna be a good   mash-up in our battle.  So the idea for my bellhop  is whatever she saw   on the 13th floor,  just completely   scared her stiff.  So now she's stuck   in the afterlife  with this permanent   screaming expression.  I feel like, with the quirky   nature of this challenge,  I can put my style in there   a little bit.  So that has me excited.  ? ?  - So I have the maid, and my  idea is that she died cleaning.  She is still feather-dusting.  She's coughing.   She's covered in cobwebs.  She spent her   whole life cleaning.  She's gonna spend   her whole death cleaning.  So far in this competition,  I feel like I have been   a little abstract in design.  So for this challenge,   I am not gonna go too big  and I'm not gonna go too weird,   and we'll see what happens.  ? ?  - I'm so excited   for this challenge.  For the first time,   I have so much clarity.  I have such a strong direction.  My concept for my maid   is that she walked in  on some famous person   having an affair,  and they strangled her   to shut her up.  I'm actually   pushing my fingers in  to create   this frozen-in-time,  like she just stepped out   when she died.  So I'm hoping it'll make   this character quirky and fun.  ? ?  - I really wanted   a bellhop or concierge,  but I think the handyman  could be the creepiest   out of all them  just 'cause he probably lives   in the boiler room.  So I just start sculpting   this cool, asymmetrical face.  His nerves are all shot,  so he has this   one side drooping.  I want to run mine   in silicone so, like,  the facial features   will move a lot better.  It will help me win my battle.  - My concept is   a clumsy handyman  that eventually ends up   getting electrocuted to death. As I'm sculpting,   I'm having flashbacks.  On my season,   I did this handyman  ghost figure to fit   in a "Beetlejuice" setting.  Now I feel like   there's a lot of pressure  to outdo myself   from the last time.  Why did I do this to myself?  And on top of it,  I'm battling Derek   for this challenge,  and I feel quite intimidated,   'cause he is very good.  I know that if I don't present  something truly unique  and I lose this battle,   I'll definitely be in trouble.  [tense music]  .  - I picked the handyman,  and I can't believe I did this,  because I already created a  handyman character on my season, and he was a ghost,   and, on top of it,  I'm battling Derek   for this challenge.  So this is intimidating.  This is a two-day challenge,  so I don't have time to dwell   on worrisome parts of this.  So I just stop thinking  that I already created   something like this.  I stop thinking about   who I'm battling,  and I just really focus   on making a fun,  cohesive character.  ? ?  - He's definitely   looking like a fat guy.  - Yeah.   - Just make sure,  when you get your fat suit,  that your fat suit  goes up high enough  and it really kind of pushes--  - Pushes that up a little bit. We pretty much have   the entire face blocked out.  We're actually   gonna make a cavity  inside of the neck of the   gullet so we can put some bags filled with water inside.  So as my character's   turning around,  his neck can flop and actually   have real water weight to it.  - This is looking amazing.   - Thanks.  - Man, I did a handprint   in the last two hours.  - Mike's so awesome.  He's easy to talk to   and get along with,  but it's time for him to leave.   Later, man.  - All right, buddy.  - Well, it's sad to see him go,  'cause we were having   a lot of fun together.  It's not every day   that you actually get to work  with one of the best  makeup artists in the industry.  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.   - Hey!  - Well, I selected the chef.   - Okay.  Why do you have   such a realistic nose  and all this whimsical  fantasy going on?  - Well, I wanted to try to make  it real Disney-esque, a bit. - I could see more of a--  coming this way  and distorting your nostrils.  - Thank you.   - Good. Good luck.  - So I have the bellhop.   - With your stretching,  if you're gonna  bring this up to here,  that skin then  needs to stretch from here.  Otherwise, this would  stretch down here like that,  which leaves you  a lot more open mouth.  - Okay.  - I have the handyman.  Well, half his face   is drooping,  and this side is gonna  be more evil-looking and just kind of grumpy. - When you're  gluing this down,  leave this unattached  across the eye here,  just so it lays on the eye.  You're gonna get a really  great effect of that, you know?  - Right.   - I selected the handyman.  He has some dings and a broken nose like he's beat up all day.  - Now, with your veins here,  take your stick  and literally  go around both sides  so you get a very soft  little rise  as opposed to,  you know, a worm.  - Okay.   - Yeah.  Well, good luck to everybody.  - Thank you.   - Bye-bye.  ? ?  - I'm doing   a fragmental design.  [grunts]   Which is many pieces  that are meant to work   on one face together.  I have my forehead   and cheek sculptures finished. So I'm making one mold that   has three prosthetics in it,  and I can move on to the nose   and chin sculptures.  I've got a lot of work to do,  but I'm really hoping   the judges are gonna be like,  "You did all this in one day?"  That would be a nice kudos.  ? ?  - ? Making a fat suit ?  ? Making a fat suit ?  So the overall fatness   of this guy  is one of the core ideas   of this makeup.  So I start off by fabricating  a foam fat suit on a mannequin.  I'm trying to make the gut kind   of come out from the ribcage,  and I really want to give him   some nice man-boob covering.  - That looks good.   - We'll see.  I don't want to spend too much  time fabricating this fat suit,  but I feel like   it's coming together.  Yeah, I think I'm just   gonna do the upper torso  and then just stuff   the rest of him  with whatever I need.  ? ?  - Graham, do you still have   that permanent marker?  - Yeah.   - Can I use it real quick?  - Mm-hmm. - I want to make   a chest piece for my maid  that just sort of brings out her  sternum and see some ribcage,  just 'cause it's been   a year since she's died.  So I want that to show   a little in her body.  I grab a piece   of plastic wrap  and I put it over   Yvonne's chest  and roughly sketch the space   that I want it to fill.  - This is a really good idea,  especially since your  feature is, like, right there.  - And then I put that  on a flat board and draw it out. So I know   that I want my sculpture  roughly to fit in that area.  It's definitely a good idea,  because I would have made   that thing so much bigger.  They're little ladies.  Yvonne, you're so little.   [chuckles]  ? ?  - She's got long hair,   but it needs to be white.  Trying to make her   own hair white  might be more trouble   than it's worth.  - I think it would be.   - You do?  - I think it would be better  to use a wig. - All right, thank you.  So this character is basically   going to look like  almost a feather duster   walking through these rafters,  just kind of collecting   everything in her hair.  So I take a nice, beautiful,   sleek wig and I mess it all up  into this big   tumbleweed-looking shape,  and I then take hot glue  with compressed air   right behind it,  and I start spraying   this glue everywhere,  and I made these   really cool spider webs.  Like, black feathers   to white feathers--  - Ooh, yeah. I like it.  ? ?  I need to be   in the mold room,  but I'm still working   on this face.  I decide to make it   a bit more realistic,  and then I step back,   and instead of a smile,  it looks like he's just...  so I'm not feeling it.  If I make it out of this one,   I'll be impressed.  It's too [bleep] lost.  This isn't a scary challenge.  This is a quirky challenge.  I don't know,   if I go too creepy,  they're gonna scorn me or   if they're gonna love the fact that I've really added   that horror element.  I'm nervous.  We got two people going home,   and I don't want it to be me.  Please just let me be safe.  It'd be a miracle.  .  - Please just let me be safe.  It'd be a miracle.  The face I'm sculpting   is not working.  I tried to go more realistic,   but I'm not feeling it.  So I asked for Kevon's opinion.   Kevon?  - Yeah?   - Better?  - Personally,  I'd go even bigger.  - So I instantly go in,   bring out some teeth more,  and make it a bigger smile.  I should've just   [bleep] stayed with  how I was going   in the beginning.  Woulda, coulda, shoulda.  What the [bleep] ever.  I'm not happy with it,   but at this point,  I got to get it   in the mold room,  otherwise I don't have a face,   I don't have anything.  [bleep].  ? ?  - So now that the face   is finished molding,  I'm spend the rest of my day   making the utensils  that are going to be fused   with his body.  I'm making little epoxy molds   to stick them in  so I can put that under   the foam so they won't wobble. I think these are   the perfect additions  to give my character   that extra pop.  - That's time!  - We did it! - At the end of day one,  I'm feeling really good   and confident,  and I really want   to put an end to Damien's  winning streak and create   an even battleground.  ? ?  [aggressive rock music]  ? ?  - We walk into the lab,  and all my pieces look awesome.  I'm excited to apply  the silicone for this challenge. I have a lot of experience   in recent films  I've worked on with silicone,  so I feel confident   that it'll come out great.  ? ?  - What up, man?   - Hey, nice to meet you.  - Hi. I'm Mackenzie.   - I'm Jordan.  - Hello. I'm Kelly.   - Hey.  - I have to paint the teeth,   make braces,  and make it look good before   I even put it on my model.  So I've got to work smart.  ? ?  To make foam latex   look like teeth,  I take my epoxy putty, mix it  to a solid-colored consistency,  and I brush over each tooth.  Not only will it give it shine,  but it'll also   make them more rigid,  so it's gonna move   with the model and stay put.  And this is the reason  I'm not doing this on your face. ? ?  - Everything I'm applying   is a silicone,  but I'm not overly familiar   with that material.  Ooh, this looks cool. This looks very cool.  Yeah. I figure, if I apply   the chest and I go up,  I can build   in my own learning curve,  and hopefully, by the time   I get to the face,  I'll be a silicone expert.  These are not going down as nice as they were in my brain.  ? ?  - I'm going to make   you beautiful, darling.  With just having   a face prosthetic  and not having to worry   about a whole lot else  on this challenge, I just   really want to get in there  and make it   as clean as possible.  As I'm painting my piece,  everything's going along   pretty smoothly.  I start off by painting   a little bit of red,  and then I go in with  a little bit of a darker purple  and start spattering   over that.  I think it's gonna   turn out really well.  ? ?  - So my maid is going to  have a very non-colorful design  in her wardrobe   and in her hair,  so I want to bring some color   into the makeup.  I begin contouring   with some dark blues.  I contour with some grays,  and I also go in   with some white,  kind of dust her face.  I then add lavender   to give her  that ghost look   and to pale out her skin.  It's gonna be really cool   if I do it right.  ? ?  - Hold it right here, and  that'll kind of hold that open. Time is of the essence today,   so I'm doing careful planning.  I wrote out a whole list,   and if I can follow this list,  I can get this makeup done.  As I dissolve some of the edges,  it's irritating the model,  and I need to cool off   any areas  that he's not feeling   comfortable with.  I'm just trying  to dab water on it. That feel better?   - Yeah, kind of.  - There's so much to do.  So I just figure,   you know what?  Some of these edges   I can look past,  and we can just turn them   into flaky skin  or something like that.  You doing okay?   - Yeah.  - It's an hour to paint it.  Ha ha.  - Cool. ? ?  - It's paint time,  so I start   with a dark purple base.  Then I go with a lighter blue,  and I bring in some more purple. ? ?  I'm trying to pull out   that "Haunted Mansion,"  "Ghostbusters" feel to it,  and so far I feel like it's   getting really spook-tacular.  ? ?  - I really want to showcase   the electrical burn,  so I grab some gelatin,   and I put some tissue  and latex over top of that   so I can pick out parts  and really just make it nasty.  I still have to paint it,  but it's looking pretty gnarly.  I'm happy with it.  ? ?  - I'm terrified of this.  The last time I did  a beauty makeup was season ten,  so it's been a while.  ? ?  I want her to be pretty   but scary and crazy-looking.  So I'm doing ombre lip effect,   the smoky eye,  and then I do some purple   mottling from the sides.  I don't have that much   beauty makeup experience.  So hopefully it works out   and I can squeak by this one.  ? ?  - We got 15 minutes, guys.  [intense music]  ? ?  - That's time, guys!  That is time!  - I'm gonna put your hat   on a little bit further,  just to make sure   it doesn't come off.  Time is up on application,  and I'm starting to worry   about the contrast  maybe a little bit,   that he might be too dark.  So I really need to dial in   a lot of the paint.  I have to lay a mustache   and then finish this gullet.  So I'm gonna have a lot of work   to do in Last Looks.  ? ?  .  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  - [bleep].   Forgot all my brushes.  It's Last Looks,   and I realize, [bleep],  I don't have my brushes.  They're back at the lab.   I am screwed.  I have to get   this character painted,  so I'm applying makeup   with lip gloss brushes.  Not ideal in the slightest,   but got to make it work.  ? ?  - Oh, like--   - Yeah.  - The gelatin's coming off   around the hands,  so I'm freaking out.  I don't have time to fix it,  and I have a lot to do   to complete this character.  - Might as well come over here.  I am always so stressed in   Last Looks, and today I'm not.  I just need to refine   a few details.  I'm really just buttoning her up  at this point.  I like that a lot.  - The neck   left a giant cavity,  so I take a condom   filled with water  and then place it inside   of the neck,  so that way it actually   has a jiggle to it.  Yeah, looks cool, man. - Ten minutes--  [intense music]  ? ?  - All right, guys,   it's time.  - Time's up, and I don't know  if they're gonna like   this makeup.  I didn't get the hands painted.  I don't even know   if I like this makeup.  All I know is that it  was not fun making this makeup.  Damn it!  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  - Good evening, everyone.  Welcome to the   "Face Off" reveal stage.  Tonight, two of you   will be eliminated.  Before we get to business,   please say hello  to our awesome series judges.  Owner of Alchemy Studios,   Mr. Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   - Good evening.  - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning   makeup artist Ms. Ve Neill.  - Helloooo, everyone.   - Helloooo.  - And, of course, creature   concept designer Neville Page.  - Hi, guys.   - Hey.  - Hey, Neville.   - All right, let's get to it.  Now, from what I understand,   a certain deranged bellhop  asked you guys   to help bring back  the staff of the   Face Off Grand Hotel,  and it seems she only gave you   two days to complete the task.  - Yep.   - Well, suffice it to say,  we're excited to see   what you all came up with.  Let's take a look at your   haunted hotel employees.  Graham and Walter,   you're our first battle.  ? ?  - After looking at it   out on stage, I go,  "That's a cool ghost.   I can deal with that."  ? ?  - I don't feel that she looks   quite as good as Graham's,  but hopefully I at least   fulfill the challenge  and it's enough to get me by.  ? ?  - I'm definitely worried,   because I'm against Derek,  and his makeup looks   really awesome.  So I don't know where I stand.  ? ?  - I'm loving how he's looking, but Yvonne's looks   a little bit more quirky.  So I'm a little worried.  ? ?  - I feel it's   one of my most fun  and dynamic makeups   I've done.  I think I have Damien   on the ropes at this point.  ? ?  - My paint is a little dark.  I kind of wish there was  a little bit   more contrast in there,  but otherwise I'm fairly   happy with the character.  ? ?  - I like my makeup,   but I'm wondering  if I should have made   the hand more obvious.  You question everything   when you see it onstage.  ? ?  - I definitely pulled off   this challenge.  She's funny.   She's spooky.  She's everything I wanted.  ? ?  - I'm seeing my guy cheesing out  and I cannot stop laughing.  I definitely could have done  a cleaner makeup, but he's fun.  ? ?  - She screams quirky, wacky.   This is definitely my style.  I'm feeling pretty confident   with this character.  ? ?  - All right, guys,   let's take a look  at the staff of the Face Off   Grand Hotel back in action.  Check it out.  [gentle music]  ? ?  [vacuum cleaner whirs]  ? ?  [applause]  Okay, judges,   go ahead and take  a closer look   at these quirky characters.  - Give us a little "grr." - What is--the teeth   are just painted on  to make it look crooked,   isn't it?  - Yeah.   - It kind of works.  It's pretty clever, actually.  It's very Joker-like   with this purple outfit on.  I don't know if that's right   for the challenge.  - The nails don't go  with the face.  The face isn't really  necessarily ghastly.  It's a bit confused. - It's got a decent  distance read and silhouette. - His veins are so not right.  - The wrinkle directionality  is so strange.  That expression is quite creepy. It's very effective.  - I wish that his left side  was a little bit more specific. - I love the asymmetry of   the eyebrow up there.  Boink.  - It looks like  the Imagineers' work at Disney.  I think that's a great   approach to the challenge.  - Don't you think it's just   a bit too colorful, though?  - For another challenge,  I would agree.  - No, but I love the paint job.  [laughter]  - Nice. Very nice.  - Oh, what a reveal.   - I wish it had  a little bit more   diversity in the color.  - I love the bloated chin. - It is a bit odd.  It got a little muddy,   I think.  - I think she does look   really cute,  but she also looks super alive.  - The colors are too warm  to feel quite dead.  - I'm worried that I haven't   met the challenge.  - All right, guys,   it's time to get on Twitter  and tell us who made   your favorite haunted hotel  employee using #faceoff.  .  - That looks  a bit too full of vigor.  The colors are still  too warm to feel dead.  - I like mine.   It matched my vision,  but I'm worried that   I haven't met the challenge.  - I don't understand  why Mel couldn't   do a better beauty makeup.  Well, it's quirky, all right.   - Oh, yeah.  What is so successful with   this one is the proportion.  - Oh, good God.   All the makeup's coming off.  - I can't make any sense out  of the shapes of this sculpture. It's very, very confusing. - Feels like it's a theme park  pneumatic pop-up head. - And I dig that  for this challenge. I just don't want to see every  single thing look like this.  [suspenseful music]  - Okay, the judges   have chosen the winners  and losers of each battle.  So let's find out   who came out on top.  In battle number one,   Graham versus Walter.  the winner is Graham.  [applause]  In battle number two,   Yvonne versus Derek,  the winner is Derek.  [applause]  In battle number three,   Matt versus Damien,  the winner is Matt.  [applause]  - Great job, man.  - In battle number four,   Mel versus Kevon,  the winner is Kevon.  [applause]  - Thank you.  - And, finally,   in battle number five,  Kelly versus Jordan,  the winner is Jordan.  [applause]  Congratulations   to all of our victors.  All right, now the judges would   like to speak with some of you  before they make   their decisions.  Mel, please step forward.  [tense music]  ? ?  - Hi, Mel. How are you?   - Good. How are you?  - Tell us about  your ghostly character.  - I thought that she would  go into the room and walk in on someone  having an affair, and they would strangle her. - There's some huge problems   with the color palette.  She does not look dead at all  but rather very lively   and heavily shaded,  and so I think it's a major   issue with the color choices.  - This makeup got   a little muddy for me.  You really need to do   a lot more definition,  especially around the eyes.  - The colors   that you chose make it feel  more like   a theatrical stage makeup.  The sternum reads well,   but from a distance,  there's just not much   of a draw to this character.  - Mel, you can head back.  Kevon, please step up.  ? ?  - Kevon, tell us   about your ghostly maid.  - I wanted her to personify   the feather duster.  So she is one with her  occupation in death. - She's very successful.  She's got   a great distance read.  I love the coloring   around her eyes.  She does have a bit of Who nose,  we were noticing.  - Yeah, I think I wanted  to keep her a little endearing. You feel sorry for anyone  that has to spend  their entire afterlife cleaning. That's terrible.   - It's so perfectly balanced.  It's a fantastic character,   head-to-toe.  - Appreciate it.  - The stylized sculpture   is perfectly balanced  with the paint job   that you did on it.  You've really tuned in   to one singular vision.  That's what I want to see   from you every single week.  - Thank you so much.   - Kevon, please step back.  - Good job, dude.   - Thank you, guys.  - Kelly, you're next.  ? ?  - Tell us about   your ghostly bellhop.  - So I have Clarence.  and he's constantly being told, "You need to smile more.  You need to smile more." Then, eventually, he just snaps,  and he takes a stapler,  and he staples a big smile, and he's just like,  "Is it big enough now?" - The lack of integrity in the  anatomy of the face concerns me. Where the makeup jaw ends   and where the actor's jaw is  are two totally   different places.  It no longer feels right.  - He's got the proportions   of a mailbox  more than he does a head.  I like the idea of his lips   being stretched open.  Unfortunately, I think it got   away from you this week.  - I think your paint job   is a little lacking.  It's just a pale,   bluish-gray muddiness.  There's not enough definition   of color around the mouth  to define the staples   compared to his skin tone.  - Kelly, thank you so much.   If you'd please head back.  Matt, please step forward.  - Tell us about   your spectral creation.  - With my character,  I wanted to go a little ghastly with it,  a little tone of horror. So the idea is that it's a chef  who wanted to commit suicide, so he poisons the food and feeds  it to the rest of the staff and joins them all in death. - This is exactly what I was   looking for in this challenge.  I think it worked exceedingly   well during the performance.  There's enough   contrast to the color  that it read   during that entire thing.  - Thank you very much.   - I love the color palette.  She just shimmers,  and the forks--I love the forks. and that little reveal   with taking the hat off,  very clever.  Great job this week, honey.  - Thank you so much.  - I do love the sculpture,   but for me it stops there.  Some of the parts   don't add up for me.  - Matt, you can head back.   - Awesome job.  - Yvonne, please step forward.  - Tell us about   your electrifying ghost.  - He's the handyman   for the hotel,  and he had a few dings   in his past life  and ended up  getting electrocuted. That took his final life. - I don't feel that this guy   is very inspired.  It's missing the quirkiness   that I wanted to see.  It just looks like a Tim Burton   guy with a gray face.  - The boniness around the eyes  is handled, I think, quite well, but then from   the cheekbones down,  you've got some   asymmetry going on.  So there's moments, but   it's not a cohesive character.  - It ended up feeling   very alive and very organic.  It doesn't feel like a ghost,   and that's a big problem.  - Thank you.  - Yvonne, please step back.  All right, thank you, guys.  If you'd please head   back to the makeup room  while the judges deliberate.  ? ?  All right, judges, so we have  a lot to discuss tonight.  Let's start with your  favorite makeups this week.  Why don't we begin with Kevon?  - I think, overall,   he did a great job.  It was really   a cohesive character.  It had a great distance read.  It was a little rough up close.  - This thing is   so much better than anything  that he's produced this season.  He didn't beat it to death with   details that it didn't need.  - That metaphor   that he chose, the duster,  allowed him to   edit himself down,  to do what we needed him to do   in a two-day challenge.  - All right,  let's move on to Matt.  - It's such   a complete character.  It worked within the challenge  aesthetically  but most importantly, it looked  great during the performance.  - I loved the makeup.   It was fun.  It was quirky.   Just what we asked to do.  - So as you know, we are sending two people home tonight.  So let's move on  to the makeups  that didn't work  for you this week.  Let's start with Mel.  - Mel just didn't do   the challenge or a lot,  and what she did do,   she did in such an odd way.  - And the face is colored, as if it's as alive as you and I.  It has more color than we do.  - And you know what?   It was messy.  The eyelashes were sloppy.   The eye makeup was sloppy.  She could have made her   look beautiful and ethereal  and done a really clean makeup,   even with the prosthetics,  and she didn't do that.  - All right,  let's move on to Kelly.  - Oof, that jawline,   it was like  this far off   that actor's jawline.  - It's just a lack   of working with the anatomy.  It's this weird blue rectangle  of braces and bad paint.  It was a mess.  - You know, lately,  she's not been doing well. - And, finally, Yvonne.  - It wasn't   a zombie challenge,  and that's kind of   what she ended up with.  It did not feel like a ghost.   It did not feel ethereal.  - At least if she could, like,  do something fun   with the paint job,  it would've been   a little bit more exciting,  and the skin   texture's bizarre to me.  - It's just raked-in lines,  and that's not going to cut it  on a season with   this many talented people.  - All right, judges,  have you made your decisions?  - We have.   - Yes.  - Let's bring 'em back out.  ? ?  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  Glenn, who is the winner   of this challenge?  - This decision  was not unanimous,  but the winner  of tonight's challenge is...  ? ?  McKenzie: The winner of   "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip from   Kryolan Professional Make-Up  to one of their   85 international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  - All right, Glenn, who is   the winner of this challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  Matt.  [applause]  [upbeat rock music]  There's some great stylistic   choices in that sculpture,  and the color palette   really helped your character  to stand out   during the performance.  - Thank you so much.   Appreciate it.  It's my first win.  I've been top,   but I hadn't tasted  that victory yet.   It feels great.  - Matt, congratulations.   Great job this week.  - Thank you.   - You and Kevon are safe  and can head back   to the makeup room.  ? ?  All right,   unfortunately,  that means you are all   on the bottom this week,  and two of you will be   going home tonight.  Please step forward.  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  All right, Glenn, who is the  first person going home tonight? - The first person going home   tonight is...  ? ?  Kelly.  You had another great concept,  but the proportions   of the sculpture  didn't really work,  and the paint job itself   seemed very unfinished.  - Kelly, honey,   you are so talented.  You're gonna do well   in this business.  Go rock it somewhere, baby.  - Thank you.  - Kelly, it's been so great   having you here with us,  but you have been eliminated.  If you'd please head   back to the makeup room  and pack up your kit.  - Thank you.   - Bye, honey.  - I just wish I could've   gone one more round,  but I'm proud of myself.  Next step is just keep on doing   what I do and never giving up.  - So, Glenn, who is the second   person leaving us tonight?  - The second person that's   going home tonight is...  ? ?  Yvonne.  We think you're very talented,  but the way that   your makeup was executed,  it undermined your otherwise  very good ideas   for this character.  - Thank you so much  for bringing me back.  This is so cool.  - Yvonne, I'm so sorry   but you have been eliminated.  That means, Mel,   you are safe this week  and can head back   to the makeup room.  - Thank you. - Yvonne,   you're gonna be missed.  - Aw, thank you.   - You truly are,  but I think we haven't seen   the last of you.  - Well, thank you again.  - Yvonne, it's been so great   having you back with us again.  Please head back to the makeup   room and pack up your kit.  - It's a pretty big bummer   to leave,  especially this early   in the competition,  but I'm really happy   I've been a part of this.  I'm going home.  - Oh.   - What?  - And you too, Kelly?  - I had so much fun,  and I got to meet   some amazing artists.  I love what I do, and I'm just   gonna keep on making monsters.  - Now that   this journey's over,  now I have to go on   to the next.  So I want to be   an on-set makeup artist,  and I enjoy sculpting,  so my goal is to balance   those two worlds together.  McKenzie: Next time on   "Face Off"...  - What you doing?   - Trying to beat you.  - I accidentally tipped   that over.  - I am pretty upset.  - I'm capable of something   that's better than this.  - It's pretty damn good.  - Dude, your paint skills   are beyond the beyond.  .  McKenzie: Previously,   on "Face Off: Battle Royale."  The artists created   whimsical monsters.  Walter's police-bunny   brought him the win,  but Sasha and Jo fell short in the first elimination challenge  and were sent home.  And tonight...   We're delving into the world  of a brilliant ancient culture. - I'm ready to go.   - I wanna take away  some of the human form. - But that doesn't take it away. - I don't know   what I'm gonna do.  - The face is not coming out.  I'm screwed.  [dramatic music]  - This is "Face Off:   Battle Royale."  [all cheers]  [exciting music]  ? ?  [electronic music]  ? ?  all: Ooh.   - What?  We walk into the lab  and I see stones and leaves.  I'm like, "What's going on?"  - Good morning, guys.   all: Good morning.  - Congratulations  on making it past the first round of eliminations.  - Thank you.  - This week,  we're delving into the world of a brilliant ancient culture that believed  in 13 levels of heaven, the Aztecs. The Aztecs left behind  intricate parchments with colorful images  of the gods they worshipped and advanced technology that remains unexplained  to this day. Now, some do theorize  that this technology was given to them  by ancient alien visitors and that the images of the gods  they left behind were actually  the aliens themselves. - Nice.  - So your Spotlight Challenge is to choose the image  of an Aztec god and create an ancient alien  that might have inspired it. - That's great.  [laughs]  Aliens.   I love that.  That speaks to me   immediately.  I got so many ideas.   I'm ready to go.  On season seven,   I was a bottom look  on our ancient alien challenge,  so I really wanna redeem myself   and show the world  that I know   how to make an alien  and I know how to make   a good alien.  - And the scrolls next to me represent the gods that you'll have to choose from. They are:  Quetzalcoatl, the feathered serpent   creator God;  Tezcatlipoca,   the god of war and conflict;  Tlaloc,   the god of rain and lightning; Xochipilli,   the god of fertility;  and Tonatiuh,   the sun god.  Okay, there are two scrolls  for each god. So remember,  when you choose one, you're also choosing  your battle partner. Damien, you're up first. ? ?  - I'll...  go with you.  ? ?  - May the gods be with me.  - So our head  to head battles this week are Damien versus Graham, Derek versus Matt, Yvonne versus Mel, Kelly versus Walter...   - We got this.  - And Kevon versus Jordan. And before I send you off  to work, just a quick reminder  that the winner of this week's  Spotlight Challenge will receive  the help of an expert in next week's challenge. Good luck.  See you soon. - See you.   [all murmur]  ? ?  - I choose Tlaloc,   the god of rain and lightning. So I take what's ancient alien  and Meso-American in culture  and merge those two   with colors and symbols  of water and lightning.  I'm a big fan of   the Peruvian elongated skulls.  I know it is a risk   to incorporate that  'cause it is   the classic alien look,  but I think it'll really tie in   to Aztec culture.  I'm battling Derek   since he also chose Tlaloc.  I love Derek's work.  I think he's an amazing   artist and designer,  so I'm really excited to see  who comes out on top   in this challenge.  ? ?  - I'm reading about Tlaloc,   and it says that  he has features   of a jaguar and jaguar teeth.  So I'm giving my alien   a jaguar exoskeleton.  On the scroll,   he has big, googly eyes,  but I'm going with no eyes  just to stay away from   that traditional alien look.  My biggest worry is that  it might read   more creature than alien  and all the pieces I wanna   incorporate in my character  are gonna be a lot,  but I feel like it needs it   and I need to step it up.  I really wanna win this   challenge.  - So I picked Tonatiuh.  He's the god of sunlight   and warmth,  and, uh, in exchange for that   sunlight and warmth,  the Aztecs sacrificed   thousands of people to him  every single year.  I'm going with   a more traditional alien  that has bright yellow skin  and this crazy   bio-mechanical gear  that emits rays   of sunlight and warmth.  I really got to make sure   I'm on my game  because I know Graham's gonna be out looking for blood this time. I know you're coming for me,   Graham.  - I choose Quetzalcoatl,  the feathered serpent   creator god.  In the artwork on my scroll,  it has big mohawk hair  and something   that looks like a beak,  but I don't wanna use feathers,  so I decide that my alien's   going to have  a sleek face  with a very harsh, pointy mask.  I wanna incorporate   the ring around the neck  as a cool color.  She's gotta look fierce.  I'm battling Walter,  and we've both won a challenge  as an All-Star  so this is gonna be interesting. Two winners going head to head.  - I got Tezcatlipoca,   the god of war and conflict,  and I'm going to be   battling Kevon,  which is really crazy  because Kevon's from my season.  So this should be   an interesting battle.  So I start blocking out   the face.  Just kind of feeling out   the clay.  I start off   with a more elongated,  traditional head for an alien,  and then I had to   incorporate aspects  from the actual drawing   on my scroll.  There's a lot of circles   throughout the head area  that I'm turning into   membranes.  There's also this gold mask,  and I think it'd be really cool   to have that reveal  a mouth full of black,   gnarly gums and teeth.  - Now we're [bleep] talking,  Jordan.  - You like it?   - Yeah.  - I'm very, very far outside   my comfort zone right now.  [both laugh]  - I'm not really   too into aliens,  but I'm really liking where   my shapes and forms are going  with my sculpture.  ? ?  - Mel and I have Xochipilli,   the god of fertility.  I'm actually really excited   for this  'cause I think of life   and plants,  and there's a lot of leaf-like  shapes in the scroll,  so I wanna make leaves  that are growing out of her  to give, like,   a crown-like feel,  but then I want distinct   alien features in the face,  and I want her holding a baby  as her prop   to represent fertility.  ? ?  - Xochipilli's associated   with butterflies  and four suns and seven flowers, so I'm incorporated a butterfly   on the face  as part of the anatomy   and then working in  some of the sun   and flower elements as well,  and I hope it reads.  It's reading like a butterfly,  you think? - No.  - But it doesn't.  - If you're going for fish,  that's pretty good. - Graham tells me   it looks like a fish.  - Oh, that's cool.   Kind of fishy.  - I don't want it to be fishy.  And then Damien tells me   that he loves my fish.  So now I need to figure out  how to make this alien   less fishy  without me starting over.  ? ?  - Tonatiuh.   Tonatiuh.  I have Tonatiuh,   the sun god.  He's the center   of the Aztec calendar,  so in my design,   his face is the center  and sort of radiates out   into a sun shape,  but rather than emitting light,  I'm thinking maybe his skin   is metallic  and he actually reflects light.  - Oh, that's cool.   - Yeah, it's totally different  than everyone else's though.   - So?  It's good.   - So, might not be an alien.  [deep demonic voice]  We'll see.  I'm hoping the judges   are gonna say it's unique,  but who knows?  Maybe they'll like   a regular, old alien.  [sighs]  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.   all: Hey.  - I selected  the feathered serpent. He is believed to be  a flying reptile.   - Mm-hmm.  - So I wanna do,   like, a feathered mohawk,  and then bring, like,  a scale pattern up.  - Now what about the rest  of the body?  - I've seen so many makeups that are just this and they win  and they do good, so... - Yeah.   - I really wanna focus on this  and do a really good job. - Well, it could be  a time saver for you.  I think you're right on.   - Cool.  - What god did you select?  - Tezcatlipoca, the god of war. This face is gonna be divided  into three stripes,  and then on top,  I wanna give it a color pattern  that is going to represent   the stripes.  - What are you gonna do  in the mouth?  Are you gonna put teeth in?   - Maybe.  I haven't thought about it.   - I wouldn't even do a maybe.  This is the god of war,  and he's nasty...  - Okay, teeth.   - And he's mean,  and when he does...  one of those things,  he's badass.  - Yeah, all right. - What Meso-American character  did you select?  - Xochipilli.   He's the god of fertility.  I saw this marking on the face.  I thought it'd be interesting  if it was sort of, like, a butterfly on the face, but two people have said  this looks like a fish, which doesn't feel great.  [laughs] - You wanna say beautiful  or pretty, but it's a fish.  [dramatic music]  This is the challenge.   - But I wanna take away  some of the human form,  you know? - Well, but that really  doesn't take it away.  That makes it look like  you're doing a fish.  - I'm starting to feel   really stressed out  because my face   still looks fishy.  - Yeah.  - I have burned the first   two hours of the day  and I don't wanna start over,  so if Mr. Westmore doesn't know   how I can fix this,  I don't know what I'm gonna do.  ? ?  .  [dramatic music]  - Two people have said   this looks like a fish.  - Well, you know, to me,  it looks like a fish.  Your nose.  - I feel really stressed out  because my fertility god's face   still looks fishy  and I don't wanna start over,  so I don't know   what I'm gonna do.  - You say you wanna  make her be beautiful...  - Yeah.   - And you're creating wrinkles  all over her face.  This is the challenge.  On your design here,   it has a type of nose,  but it's a little higher up.  This needs to be toned  down tremendously.  - That's great. Thanks, Mr. Westmore.   - Good luck.  - Mr. Westmore, as usual,   gives me great advice.  So now I can move past   this fish nose.  - God of war?  Okay.  - In the story,   it mentions obsidian a lot  and a darker,   almost black skin tone.  - You don't wanna   make him obsidian because--  I mean, it'll totally disappear  unless you did so much  highlighting in there.  - Yeah, uh, what I'm thinking  about doing is start him out,  like, a translucent white, and then do several washes  of a darker area, and a lot of the raised areas will keep that translucent white  alien look.  - That's a good look. - I'm going with  plant-like forms... - Mm-hmm.   - Because I just feel like  it's more mothering   to have her a female.  - Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.   - I wanted to go with  an older version 'cause she's  the one that passes on life  to the people  that birth the newborn. - I think lengthen this mouth  a little bit,  especially if you're gonna try  to do some old age in here.  - Right.   - Bye, everybody.  - See you later.   - Bye, thank you.  - Bye.   - Bye.  [electronic music]  ? ?  - Mr. Westmore   helped me with the face,  but I'm still a little hung up   on this cowl right now.  I like asking Kelly for advice   'cause she shoots straight,  and that is really   what I need right now.  If on the head,  maybe this particular alien wears a few ornamental parts.   - [inhales sharply]  - Just a few things  that it wears. - No, the way you were  throwing it on there,  it wasn't reading very well.  I'm not gonna [bleep]  lie to you.  Don't get too lost in the little details of the illustration.  Think of the whole character.   - Mm-hmm.  - You got this [bleep].   - Thank you.  My objective is to make   a badass war god  and if I have   a goofy looking cowl,  I don't think   it's gonna get me there.  So I'm going to focus  on making it   more anatomically sound.  ? ?  - Is it done?   - Well, what do you think?  Does it look done?   - Sure.  - Once I build the face,  the next thing I need to start   thinking about immediately  is how to make these fins.  He has this large orb   in the center of his forehead, and behind that,  it kind of fades up   to the shape really nicely.  So I start to create   some bone structure  for what I consider the fin,  and I start vacuforming that  to see what that shape's   really gonna look like.  It's got the shape   that I'm looking for.  It's has this nice wing,  almost Dilophosaurus   kind of look,  and I think it's gonna work.  [growls] - One hour, everyone.  ? ?  - That's time, guys.  - No.   - Ow.  - Sorry, Damien   belly button holed me.  ? ?  [laughter,   overlapping chatter]  - Hey, Damien.   - Hey, Graham.  - How's your foam?  How am dat? - It came out good.   - Good for you, friend.  Good for you.  - It's day two of   our ancient alien challenge,  and the first thing I do is   a latex pool of my face  because I need to sculpt   my character's mask.  Since they are   misinterpreting her  as a godlike-looking bird,  I need the mask   to look like a beak  but still have   a futuristic design to it.  So I got my work ahead of me.  ? ?  - I've already sculpted   a really traditional alien,  and I know that my paint job   is gonna bring  a lot of that Aztec-ian   sun god feeling to it,  but I don't feel like   it's gonna be enough Aztec.  My god actually   has this amazing headdress  that's very ornate   and hanging off his head,  so I decide rather than   actually copying that helmet,  I'm just gonna take pieces   of the anatomy  and try to pull some Aztec   influence into this helmet.  It looks almost exactly   like my concept drawing,  and I'm pretty excited   to see how it turns out.  ? ?  - For my cowl, I wanna convey  a feeling of elegance   yet dominance.  It's beautiful, but it is   very dangerous as well.  Man, that's just fun to look at.  I dig it. - Thanks, dude.  So I go in with   a lot of the filigree work  and the crop circles--   to me, that says alien--  and then I make sure   I incorporate  the Meso-American symbology   on the cowl.  It's, like, integrated   into his biology.  It's really coming together.  I'm extremely excited and happy   with the visuals.  ? ?  - I'm sculpting my cowl,   my chest, and my hand pieces,  all pretty much   at the same time.  The cowl's gonna mimic   the shapes of the face.  The chest is gonna have   a big open area in the middle  with the exoskeleton   features flowing out.  - It's gonna be, like, the bones  protruding or whatever? - Yeah, some--  something like that.  - That's cool.   - Thanks.  And since my structure is   all bone structure,  I'm gonna do the same things   for the top of the hands.  I'm a little bit worried   about time  'cause this is a lot to mold   and I feel like maybe  I bit off a little bit more   than I can chew,  but I definitely wanna stand out  from the crowd  and be on top,   so I'm taking this risk.  ? ?  - So glad I made this   in monster clay right now.  Once I have the mask sculpted,  I take it over to the vacuform  so that I can take   some thermoplastic and...  [mimics vacuum]   Snap it on there.  I know that the heat   can reactivate my clay,  so I wait   for the last possible moment  to put my sculpture   underneath there.  Kind of worked.   I cut out the plastic.  I take off the mask,  and I go to clean the clay out,  but the face is not coming out.  Man, I should've put   a release agent on this.  Turns out that I didn't put   any release on it,  and since it's so thin,  scraping clay out   can ruin my mask,  and I don't have time   to sculpt another one.  This mask is crucial   to my concept.  I'm screwed.  [dramatic music]  .  [dramatic music]  - I can't believe this.  I vacuformed a mask   for my alien,  but I didn't put any release   on the clay  and now it's stuck   to the plastic.  I'm scraping and clawing  and it's not coming out.   [bleep].  I finally get to the point   where it's good enough.  I'm not going to have   to redo the face,  but I gotta work smart.  This is "Face Off."  No more [bleep] mistakes.  [electronic music]  ? ?  - I'm sculpting   a decorative chest piece  to give a more ancient Aztec   look to my character,  but it's also integral   to the design.  I wanted to have   a literal reference to my god, so I'm incorporated   lightning bolt hieroglyphs  since Tlaloc is  the god of lightning and water.  It's not too big, so it's not   gonna be too much of a hassle. There's just enough time   to get it molded  so I can have it ready   for tomorrow.  - What you doing?   - Trying to make an over mask.  - An ugly mask?   - An over mask.  - Oh, over--  [laughs] - I'm making an over mask  that goes over top   of my alien's face  to represent the gold mask   drawing on my scroll.  [machine hissing]  So once I've got   my mask sculpted,  I rush it over to the vacuform,  then I base out the mask   in black,  then I drybrush it gold.  I didn't get around   to doing everything  that I wanted to today,  but my mask is done   for the most part  and I'm pretty happy with it.  If I do as clean of a makeup   that I know I can,  I can win my battle with Kevon.  - Last 30 minutes, everyone.  ? ?  - All right, guys, that's time.  - Good job, everyone.   Well done.  - [sighs]   - Am I happy with what I did?  It's the end of day two,  and I'm pretty proud   of what I got done.  I got a collar.  I got a cowl.  I got a face.  I got my hair.  I just need to go in with   a little bit of rub and buff  and, bam,  we got metal.  - That's awesome. - I'm going to kill it tomorrow. - Not bad, Kelly.  ? ?  - Go, go, go, go, go.  - Oh, God.   What do I got?  - Not so bad.  - Looks like it came out. - The first thing I do is   check on my hand molds,  clean 'em out,   slap some latex in there.  Let it dry while I pre-paint.  I'm the only one that got   a chest piece done,  and it's gonna be tough   going back and forth,  but today's all   about multitasking.  All right.  - Whoo!   - Hey.  - Hello!   - Hey, girl.  - Hi.   - How are you?  - Good, how are you?  - What's up, dude?   - Chase.  - Ugh, this thing has  so many little details. I really like to pre-paint  because it gives me   a lot more time in Last Looks.  I can just walk in   and feel calm.  I have an opportunity   to fine-tune  instead of damage control.  So the more I can   get off my plate,  the better shape I'll be in.  ? ?  - Mask on.   - This part is so scary  'cause if you mess it up,  it's all over.  I begin to apply to the face.  Is it on the nose?   - Close.  - But I'm having   one hell of a time  trying to make the face   fit properly.  Oh, [bleep].  Now, if I can,  I'll try and stretch it higher.  I'm just terrified  I'm gonna ruin this edge.  It's taking more time   than I want it to,  but I just got to keep going.  How about that?   - That's better.  - Okay, good. ? ?  - This is gonna be   the most intricate paintjob  I have ever done.  I plan to make a fade pattern   on each individual scale,  and there's probably   100 or so scales on him.  ? ?  It's taking a lot of time,  but it will be well worth it.  So Kelly's in trouble   on this one.  - You can go ahead  and sit back down for a minute. I'm gonna grab an air--  another airbrush so I can base you out.   I really wanna redeem myself  from my Egyptian alien   from season seven.  That was actually   the only challenge  that we had Ve Neill   as one of our judges,  and I painted a yellow alien   that she hated.  So this time, I'm gonna paint   a yellow alien  that she's gonna love.  So I fill up this giant   [unintelligible] hopper gun  and I just start   basing him out  in a giant cloud of yellow,  then I spatter in contour   with some oranges and reds,  bring those colors in,  and I really wanted to do   a crazy, unique,  reptilian kind of pattern   coming off his back  and around his stomach.  This makeup is gonna either live  or die with the paintjob,  and I'm just having   tons of fun doing it.  ? ?  - Hold still.  This part's integral.  I'm applying these fins   to the cowl  to really get the sun shape   out of his head.  I take a little bit of hot glue   and tack it all together,  stand back, then I'm thinking, "Maybe these could use   something else.  "Metallic feathers?  That might be pretty cool."  - All right.  I can dig it. - Let's see how this fits you. There's 45 minutes left  and I have most of this painted, but I'm a little nervous  because it's the first time   I'm seeing it on her together.  No, that is a mistake.  She looks like   a plucked chicken.  That's freaking me out.   [bleep].  This has a long way to go.  I've spent the last three hours  pre-painting this to make my   Last Look simple,  and instead   it's gonna be frantic.  ? ?  - So I'm at a decent point   with my paintjob.  All of my membrane areas   are coming out  exactly how I wanted them to.  I need to see if my over mask   is gonna fit properly.  Let's see if this even works  at all.  Once I bring it up   to my model's face,  I realize that it really   kind of throws off  the entire shape of my alien.  Yeah, it's, like, stupid.  So I decide to scrap it.  That sucks.   At this point, I'm just glad  that it's not   an elimination challenge.  If it doesn't work,  it doesn't work.  - 15 minutes.  ? ?  - All right, guys, that's time.  - Time's up,   and there's no mistaking  that this is a sun god,   so I'm super stoked.  - [sighs]   - That looks awesome, dude.  - Thanks, man.  - And then I   look over at Damien,  and he just nailed   his paintjob.  It looks so cool right now.  We got one hour left.  I can't just let him   run over me.  I'm gonna have to come with it.  All right, bring it on.   Let's go, Damien.  .  [dramatic music]  - I'm trying not to panic,  but it's terrifying   going into Last Looks...  Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.  Knowing I only have an hour   to fix this.  Not only do I have   to change her silhouette,  but I have   to change my paintjob  that I just spent   three and a half hours doing.  ? ?  - Bam.   Oh, all right.  I should've put more detailed   painting into the helmet,  but I'm trying to make   the decision on whether or not  to actually   paint my model's back  'cause I'm really happy   with the paintjob  that I have on his chest,  there's just   not enough time for both.  [bleep].  So I decide it's definitely   gonna be worth it  to leave my helmet   where it's at  and go full bore   with the body paint.  ? ?  - So I'm contouring   as fast as I can.  I'm trying to really   punch up these colors,  and I look over at Damien  and I'm like,   "Are you kidding me?"  Oh, [bleep].   The back?  He's painting the back?  So I'm, like,   calming myself down.  I'm like, "I can beat that."  Where's my pack of black?  ? ?  - It looks ganky.   Okay, where's my scissors?  I'm cutting this off.  Time is running out   in Last Looks,  and the gold armor   I put on my model,  it's just not working.  Ugh, there's no [bleep] way.  There's no [bleep] way.  I don't want it to distract  from all the other work   that I've done,  so I scrap it.   I like that.  - 15 minutes! ? ?  - That's time.  [overlapping chatter]  - All right.   I mean...  it's better.  Time is up,   and she looks  a thousand times better   than before Last Looks.  It's really just gonna come down to what the judges   are gonna think.  [exhales] ? ?  - Good evening, everyone.  Welcome to the  "Face Off" reveal stage. Please say hello  to our fantastic series judges.  Owner of Alchemy Studios,  Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   all: Hi, Glenn.  - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning   makeup artist Ve Neill.  - Hello again, everyone.  - Hello, Ve.   - Good evening, Ve.  - And, of course, creature and   concept designer Neville Page.  - Hi, guys.   - Hey, Neville.  - Hi, Neville.   - All right, let's get to it.  For your Spotlight Challenge, we asked you to select  an image of an Aztec god and create the ancient alien  who might've inspired it. So let's take a look  at your creations. Derek and Matt,  you are our first battle. ? ?  - It looks cool.   I really like it.  The details are showing,  but I don't know if it's enough  for the judges to notice.  ? ?  - Derek's is very primitive   and Aztec.  I don't see anything  symbolizing water or lightning,  so I'm thinking I may have   a good shot at this.  - I'm really liking   how all the colors  are contrasting   with one another.  I'd like it to look maybe   a little bit more natural,  but I'm still   overall happy with it.  ? ?  - I'm watching the lights   reflect off of him  and it's totally giving   that whole vibe  that he's, like,   this shiny sun god,  so I think I might've   won this battle.  - I really like this one.  My makeup looks very,   very warrior.  I think this could definitely be  a win for me.  - I'm really loving   the head area.  It reads really well from afar,  so I'm happy with the makeup.  ? ?  - I like mine more   the more I'm looking at it,  but there's   a lot to look at it.  I'm proud of this makeup,   but it's not my favorite.  - I like the way my god looks. She looks godly,   and I think she looks alien.  I'm hoping I win this battle.  - My alien walks on stage   and it's fierce.  The eye makeup brings   an attitude to her face,  so I'm happy.  ? ?  - My ancient alien   looks powerful.  He has a presence that none   of the other ones have.  This is the coolest makeup   I think I've ever done.  - All right, judges,  go ahead and take a closer look at these amazing aliens.  [upbeat dramatic music]  - Some really cool-looking  alien designs going on.  - It's super cool.  It's just it missed a lot of the alien aspect. It looks more like a creature.  - Well, it looks like Matt went  with the aquatic theme for sure. - There's this alien shape  to the head that inspires the headdresses  and the shapes  of their ornamentation, which is the core  of this challenge.  Beautifully executed form. This is way better up close. - The palette   is so beautifully done.  - There's some really strong  design elements in her helmet.  - Oh, yeah.  It's fantastic. - This doesn't feel  like alien tech. It doesn't feel functional. It feels like  a ceremonial headdress. - There's a cohesive design,   but it feels clumsy.  ? ?  It feels like the top  of the head is a separate design element  from the entire face. - I think this paintjob   is completely wrong  for this challenge. We've seen this design  quite a few times before. - But it is done well.  - It sort of feels sketched in.  Like he decided to go back  and add all the details to it. - Wow, there's a lot going on   on this baby.  - I just like that  it's a completely different  and unique approach. - But it doesn't feel  like it fits in within  that cultural inspiration. ? ?  I think it's a remarkable  bit of work.  - I don't know how that  translates  to what we're looking for.  Translating it  as an organic shape, I think, is a huge misstep.  ? ?  - The shapes themselves  couldn't be further off  from the type of art  that we're looking at. - It's taking a step backwards in quality and sophistication.  - Freaking gorgeous.   - Beautiful paintjob.  - What's happening   up in there is so beautiful.  Thank you.  [dramatic music]  - All right, the judges  have chosen the winners and losers from each battle. - It's very stressful   waiting for the results  because I'm the only person   that hasn't won one battle.  - Let's find out   who came out on top.  - If I lose this battle,   then I don't know  if I can even catch up   in this competition  - All right, guys,   It's time to get on Twitter  and tell us who you think   won tonight's battles  using #FaceOff.  .  - The judges have  chosen the winners and losers of each battle.  Let's find out  who came out on top. In battle number one,   Derek versus Matt,  the winner is...  Matt.  [applause]  In battle number two,   Damien versus Graham,  the winner is...  Damien.  [applause]  In battle number three,   Kevon versus Jordan,  the winner is...  Jordan.  [applause]  In battle number four,  Mel versus Yvonne,  the winner is...  Mel.  [applause]  ? ?  And finally,   in battle number five,  Kelly versus Walter,  the winner is...  Walter.  [applause]   - [mouthing]  Congratulations  to all the victors. Now, the judges would like   to speak with some of you  to find out more  about your work. Kelly, please step forward.  - [mouthing]  ? ?  - Hello, Kelly.   - Hey.  - Tell us about   your Quetzalcoatl concept.  - She's a bounty hunter,   and her name is The End,  and she's  a one woman Death Star. She's sent to destroy Earth, but instead she falls in love with the brutality of  the Aztec culture and history. - It doesn't feel like  it fits into this challenge. ? ?  You should be able  to readily recognize  in the alien some version  of what becomes their art, their translation of that thing, and this feels very divergent from the core of the challenge. - Quetzalcoatl   was supposed to be,  like, a feathered serpent,   almost like a dragon,  and I don't see any qualities  of that in this makeup at all, in coloring and/or styling or anything.  - I see a hint   of serpentine aesthetic  with what might be  on the forehead scales, but that feels more  Greco-Roman inspired than it does what the  source material is giving you. ? ?  - Thank you, Kelly.   You can step down.  ? ?  Damien, you're next.  ? ?  - Damien, please tell us   about your sun god deity.  - He comes from a planet  that only has two suns  and no night time, so that's why his skin's  yellowed and hardened and wrinkled over time, and, uh, when he comes  to visit Earth, they actually have  this bio-mechanical armor that helps keep  their bodies warm since we have night time. - Well, I got to tell you,  he is spectacular.  Could you just   remove the robe again?  This paintjob you did  is phenomenal. The fact that he is supposed to be, like, a sun god. He is so colorful and fantastic and just all around bitchin'. I don't know how else to put it. - Thank you so much.  - The sculpture on the face is really complex  and sophisticated  and interesting, and then you've got  the bio-mechanical helmet. Just so well done. Beautiful character head to toe.  - Thank you so much.  - This is  a really interesting nose shape  I've never seen before,  and I love that  you were able to get in there and you hand painted  those vacs for the eyes too. - Yeah, everything's  hand painted. - It looks like   a team-challenge effort.  It looks like two people  working on this thing. - Thank you.   - Damien, you can head back.  - Thank you, guys.  ? ?  - All right,   let's talk to Graham.  - Hey, Graham.   - Hello there.  - Tell us about   your sun-god-inspired alien.  - So I tried to go with a round,  sun-like shape,  and the idea was he dropped down  and assumed the role of God. - My problem with this  is it feels mask-y. ? ?  The way you chose to transition  from face to the vacuform piece  and then to the feathers,  there's no organic transition. I don't know  what I'm looking at other than a mask.  - This seems more like a man  that's taken the guise  of the alien that inspired it when what we were really looking  for was the alien himself. - I hear that, though.   - I think my favorite part  about this makeup   is your color palette.  I love the bronze and the gold   and the copper and all that,  but you blended them  all together so there's no definition  between any of them. So this is a big miss  for me this week. - Graham, thank you so much.   Please head back.  ? ?  I think it was good  - Matt, please step forward.  - Hello, Matt.   - Hello.  - Tell us about  your ancient-alien concept. - I wanted to go very aquatic  with the coloring. Also, I wanted to put some Meso-American structures  into his cowl and some of his high points,  so his cheeks, his jawline, to try to tell some story  going on in his biology. - The sculpture's just stunning. The Meso-American shapes  that you spoke of that you've integrated  into the organic forms truly feel bio-mechanical.  I love that. That's a great way  to have put the technology and the shapes in it  instead of on it, something I wouldn't have  thought of myself. - Thank you.   - Your paintjob is amazing.  I love the turquoise coloring. You really do have   the reflection of the water  and the lightning  and that whole feeling. Very nice job this week, dear.  - Thank you.   - The whole character  is just striking.  Breaking out and highlighting  around the brow, the nose, and at the chin, it frames these  ornamental moments, and that's what graphic design  is all about. It's bloody fantastic.  - Thank you so much.   - Matt, you can step down.  ? ?  All right.   Thank you, guys.  If you'd please   head back to the makeup room  while the judges deliberate.  ? ?  All right, judges,  let's start  with some of your favorites  tonight.  How about Damien's work?  - It's so delightful to see   that kind of form development  in such a unique way. - And the helmet contains   the form language  that so effectively ties it  to the Meso-American art.  It really looks like  that could've inspired the way  that they draw their gods.   - And the paintjob.  How did he have time   to do that paintjob?  - All right,   let's move on to Matt.  - Utterly skillful   and nuanced sculpting,  and the specific choices   of doing that reference  to the cultural ornamentation?  So beautiful.  - It really hit its mark  by creating   bio-organic mech shapes  built into the skin  that inspired the art  that was at the core  of this challenge.  - Let's talk about some of   your bottom looks tonight.  Why don't we start with Kelly? - It had nothing to do   with the challenge.  It was the wrong color.  She didn't have one piece   of referenced anything,  on that character. - This alien doesn't look   anything like the art,  so how are you   fulfilling the challenge?  - All right, and let's,   finally, talk about Graham.  - The entire makeup ended up   being a ceremonial mask.  It did not describe   advanced alien technology  or much  of the cultural reference. - The feathers really   just put it  right into the party hat zone. That was so silly.   - All right, judges.  Have you made your decision?   all: Yeah, we have.  - Okay.   Let's bring 'em back out.  ? ?  Welcome back, guys. Glenn, who is the winner   of tonight's challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  ? ?  McKenzie: The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip  from Kryolan   Professional Make-up  to one of their   85 international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  - Glenn, who is the winner   of tonight's challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  [dramatic music]  Damien.  [rock music]  You really killed it this week   with your old school alien.  We loved the paintjob,  we loved the helmet homage   to the source material,  and the graphic design   was absolutely outstanding.  Well done.   - Thank you so much.  It's cool to win   on an alien challenge.  It's cool to redeem my alien.  It's great to get   a "bitchin'" from Ve.  That's probably the best part. I'm pretty stoked that   I've gotten to join the ranks  of the bitchin' makeups.   [laughs]  - Damien, congratulations.  Excellent work this week.   - Thank you.  - Now, because you have won  this non-elimination challenge, you will get the help  of an industry expert in next week's battle. Your expert has spent  the last 15 years working as a makeup artist. He's contributed his talents on some of Hollywood's  biggest films and television shows, including "Mad Max: Fury Road," "Star Trek: Into Darkness,"  "Guardians of the Galaxy:   Volume Two,"  and "American Horror Story:   Hotel."  He's a three-time  Emmy Award winner. The amazing Mike Mekash. - So awesome.  Mike's worked   on so many movies.  It's gonna be awesome just   to work with him in general,  regardless of what   the outcome is.  - Okay, everyone.  Why don't you all rest up before your next battle round?   - Thanks.  - Bye.   - Bye.  It's not a good feeling   to be on the bottom twice.  This just means   the next challenge,  I gotta bring it back   'cause I am here for a reason.  [dramatic music]  McKenzie:   Next time, on "Face Off."  Welcome to   the Face Off Grand Hotel.  - This is so cool.   - I'd go even bigger.  - I'm not feeling it.  - Your edges are not going down. It's insane.  - I don't know if they're   gonna like this makeup.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 