Face Off: Season 13, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Face Off 
 s13e9 - Through the Looking Glass, Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Face Off (2011–…): Season 13, Episode 9 - Through the Looking Glass, Part 1 - full transcript 
 It's part one of the finale, as the finalists learn that they will be creating characters for an original short film based on the book, "Through the Looking Glass and What Alice Found There." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  - Previously on   "Face Off: Battle Royale"...  Half of you will be   going home this week.  Jordan, Matt, and Walter   earned a spot in the finale,  but only one will hold the   title of "Face Off" Champion.  - We've still got one   challenge left,  and I want to take   this entire competition.  - You will be creating   characters  who will star in a short film.   - Wow.  I want to win.   It could change my life,  and I really want this.  - It's game time. I want this   as bad as I want to breathe.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Are you ready, master?   - Yes.  - Now pushing down.   Oh!  - Did it break?   - Yep.  - It's just a total   [bleep] show.  - Don't muddy it up.  - I'm just getting less   and less happy with it.  - Right now, I would never  go near that. - All I see is the flaws.  - This is   "Face Off: Battle Royale."  [cheers and applause]  [exciting music]  ? ?  ? ?  - It's the morning   of our Finale Challenge,  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and I know it's really   gonna be a tough finale,  especially   going against Walter and Matt,  but the adrenaline's   flowing through me right now.  I'm pretty amped,  and I'm ready to get started   with this.  - Good morning, gentlemen.   - Good morning.  - Congratulations again   on making it to the finale.  - Thank you.   - Thank you.  - Let's talk about   your final challenge.  In many cultures,   mirrors are seen as portals  to other worlds and dimensions,  and in this   Spotlight Challenge,  you'll be stepping   through a mirror  and traveling to the most   magical land of all.  ? ?  [mysterious music]  ? ?  - Yeah.  - That's right.   This season's finale will be  taking a deep dive   into Wonderland.  - Nice.  - I'm ecstatic because   this is my world.  That's what I do is whimsical,  twisted, quirky characters,  so I'm very pleased   with this outcome.  - In Lewis Carroll's book  "Through the Looking Glass   and What Alice Found There,"  Alice uses a mirror to travel   to a magical land  full of wacky   and over-the-top characters.  So in this season's finale,  you will each be   creating two  wildly whimsical characters   who will star  in a Wonderland-themed   short film.  - Nice. That's awesome.   - Wow.  - Now, before we go any further,  you're gonna need some help.  Guys, come on out.  - Ooh, hey.   - We're back.  - [laughs]   - Look at these guys.  [exciting music]  - You will each get to choose   two of your former competitors  to join your team.   - Need some help?  - Matt, you're up first.   - Uh, Damien.  ? ?  - Walter, you're next.   - Derek.  - All right.   - Kevon.  ? ?  - Graham.   - Let's go.  - Come on, Yvonne.  - Come to me,  and give me a hug. ? ?  - All right, it's time to find   out more about the short film.  And who better to tell you   than your director?  He's an incredibly   accomplished director  who has recently completed   high-profile projects  for comic book legend Stan Lee  and "Walking Dead" creator   Robert Kirkman.  You might also remember him   as the director of Melissa's  "Hell Hole" short film   in season ten's finale.  Please give a warm welcome   to John Wynn.  ? ?  How are you?   Great to see you again.  - Thanks for having me back.   - Thank you for coming back.  - Excited to see you guys.  I've been following you   all season.  Amazing work, and I'm excited   to work with you now.  - I met John Wynn   on season ten.  He seems like he knows a lot,  and he's worked   with a lot of great people,  and so I'm really pumped   to get started.  - All right, guys, so something   that you may not know  is that since Lewis Carroll's   Alice books were published,  lost chapters   have been discovered,  so we've created   some lost chapters of our own  for this season's finale   with all-new characters.  - That's right.  Our film's gonna feature Alice,  so she's on the other side  of the mirror,   lost in Wonderland,  trying to find   her way back home,  and along the way   she's gonna meet characters  that you guys create   that are gonna be colorful,  over-the-top.   It's gonna be fantastic.  - Now, on that note,   it's time for each of you  to select your lost chapter.  They are "Tea Time,"   "Questionable Queen,"  and "Garden Games."  Walter, you're up first.  - Oh.  ? ?  - "Tea Time."   - Jordan, you're next.  - Go with "Garden Games."   - And of course, Matt.  ? ?  - "Questionable Queen."  ? ?  - All right, guys,   we want you  to be armed for success   in this finale,  so three days from now   you'll do a makeup test  to see how your characters   read on camera.  Why don't you head to the lab,   read your scripts,  and start working   on some ideas  for your characters?  John will swing by soon,   talk you through everything,  and show you some storyboards,   all right?  - See you guys soon, okay?   - Bye. Good luck.  - Thank you.  ? ?  - I go here.   - Have a seat.  - Let's do this one.  ? ?  "Alice finds herself   in the throne room.  She approaches a Porcelain   Prince and a Tin Jester."  My scene is   "Questionable Queen,"  and my characters   are the Tin Jester  and the Porcelain Prince.  - Porcelain Prince,   wiry and overly worrisome.  - It would be cool if his crown  integrated into his head.  - You can also have porcelain cracking into a shape  of a crown. - That's gonna be sweet, dude.  For the Tin Jester,   I'm a little worried  because the jesters   have been done so many times.  It's extremely difficult   to reinvent that.  It's gonna be hard  because the jester's  a very colorful character.  But when you bring tin  into it,  you're kind of monochromatic.  - Congratulations.   - Thank you.  - How's it going?   - Awesome.  - Let me tell you a little bit  about what's going on.  Alice will have gone  through the mirror.  She's going through  all these different rooms.  Each room has a theme.  You guys have the throne room.  It's a very toy-oriented  type setting.  The lighting in your room  is a little darker.  I want your characters  to pop off camera versus  getting lost in the shadows.  - Yeah.   - Well, we read  that there was   a Porcelain Prince,  and we wanted to bring   the porcelain  into the anatomy   and the skin color.  - I love that.  Maybe tell me a little bit  what you guys are thinking  about the jester.  - We like integrating   the metal into the anatomy,  and even playing with rust   and different colors,  almost like a patchwork of--  - I love that 'cause they've  been waiting for their queen,  so there's some  sort of distress.  You're moving in  the right direction.  All right. Good luck.   both: Thanks.  - "Alice steps out   of the mirror  "pushing the blanket aside  "into a beautiful,   colorful garden.  "She sees   the Dapper Grasshopper,  "tall, thin, and very proper,  and the Spring Fox boyish,   overprotective, and soft."  I definitely feel like   I picked the right script  because I love making wacky,   whimsical types of characters. The grasshopper's   gonna be all exoskeleton.  Human and insect anatomy   is very different,  so we've got to find a way   to integrate both.  With giant eyes like that,   we've got to find places  to hide the actor's eyes.  The fox character   is the complete  polar opposite   of the grasshopper.  Just fun, bouncy,   full of energy,  so we want to really highlight   that contrast.  - Howdy, howdy, howdy.   - How's it going, man?  - How's it going, guys?  So your sequence  in the garden,  Alice is gonna come  through the portal.  Tell me a little bit  what you guys are thinking  in terms of color.  - He'll be green   for the most part...  - Okay.  - And then the fox,   he's all orange.  - One thing  to be cautious of is,  you are surrounded  by a lot of foliage.  I don't want you to lose the  grasshopper in the background.  - Yeah.   - Make sure that you're having  some sort of texture  or pattern  that helps him pop out.   - Right. Right.  Do you think they should be   on a more realistic scale  or a more cartoony scale?  - We are in Wonderland.   - Fantasy world.  - We are in a fantasy world.  Take reality  and then twist it on its ear.  - Got you.  - That's what we're looking for, that unique spin.  - Excellent.   - Okay? Rock on.  - Thank you.   - "Tea Time."  "Alice emerges   from the foliage of the gate  "into a long indoor hallway.  "The table is stacked   with colorful desserts.  "The Lollipop Ballerina,  beautiful, clueless, "and ditzy,  is pouring tea for the old and flustered Ginger General." The Ginger General   and the Lollipop Ballerina  are happy, fun,   lovable characters  that Derek and I   typically don't do.  Mm-hmm. Try and think of what   we can do for the Lollipop.  I'm really trying to lean   on Yvonne for concept.  Everything she's ever done   is pretty whimsical.  - The lollipops can make up   her headdress,  like her hair.   - Mm-hmm.  For the Ginger General,  I'm thinking anything   not gingerbread man  because we've already had two   gingerbread men this season,  and I really want   an original concept.  Then I realize   I can do an animal hybrid.  I like doing that.  That'd be kind of cool  if we made, like, an old rabbit  who's super aged. I just really am hoping  that John gives me something   that I can draw from.  - Hey, guys.   - Hey, how you doing?  - Hey.   - Good to see you.  Why don't we jump right in?  In the story,  this room symbolizes indulgence, and these characters  are adults  that existed  in Alice's real life  who encourage her to grow up,  so I think I see you started  to sketch, like,  a little bit of, like, animals  and that kind of stuff.  - Yeah.   - I would definitely try  to stay away from animals.  Think about more of the food.  Like, "Ginger General,"  he's the overindulgent one.  He's just been eating  and eating and eating,  so now he's  an extension of food.  - Okay. He just came up  with a cool idea to make a fat suit with, like, big, fat arm gloves.   - I love that idea.  As long as you stay away  from this animal stuff  and go more towards--   - Yeah, yeah.  Now that we know that that's not  what you're looking for, we'll gear towards  the other direction. - Awesome.  - And then  for the Lollipop Ballerina, can we mimic a lollipop  where it's-- - You could. I would love  the swirling pattern.  - You know, the rainbow-y--   - Yeah.  - Absolutely, man.   - Good stuff, man.  I'll see you guys  at the lighting test, okay?  - Absolutely.   - See you around.  - Get to work.   - Okay.  ? ?  - With the grasshopper there's a lot of parts   we need to get done.  I've got Kevon making   the entire lower half  of this grasshopper's body  while Mel's working   on the face for the fox.  Kevon, do you think this has  a grasshopper feel to it?  These are going  under the cowl,  but it's gonna be like--   - Are those  where the eyes will be?   - Yeah.  The actor's eyes are actually   gonna show through two  tiny little holes   in the mouth of the giant bug,  and then the actual bug eyes   are gonna be  much larger on the cowl piece.  Head will probably be up   to here.  - Cool.   - And then the antennas  would go up even further.  It's gonna be a little bit   difficult with sculpting  all these exoskeleton parts.  It all has to be   very symmetrical, smooth,  and everything   has to match up really well,  so it has to be done right,  or it's just not gonna   work out at all.  ? ?  - Cool.  - I'm gonna go  right one first, and then you just  dump it in around me. - Got you.   - The Ginger General's hands  are like cream-filled cookies, so Derek and I cast my hands  out of alginate   to make foam latex gloves,  but it'll look   like whoopee pies.  Go ahead. While we're doing that,  I have Yvonne working   on the cowl  for the Lollipop Ballerina.  I tell her to think   of lollipops and candies.  - I was trying to think  of something interesting that was underneath  the popsicle sticks. - I do like the intertwining   idea of licorice.  It looks a little creaturey,  but also very cool   and stylized  and along my own style.  I think that will be fun.  ? ?  - I'm sculpting   the Tin Jester's face,  and I wanted to keep it   very sharp with some filigree, and I want to integrate   a drill-like nose  to bring out   the playful toy aspect.  Damien's sculpting   the Porcelain Prince face.  I want it very gaunt,   high cheekbones,  and inquisitive   or sorrowful brow.  I think that'll translate well   into, like, a statuesque look.  I feel really confident   about our design,  so I want to spend as much time   as possible on the faces  'cause this is the finale,  so I don't want to just rush it  and throw something   in the mold room.  ? ?  - Most of the day is gone,   and I've spent  a lot of my time sculpting   on my cowl  for the grasshopper character, but I'm just getting less   and less happy with it.  Both the eyes   are too far forward,  and they kind of feel like   Baja lights on a dune buggy,  and that sucks because  I really don't have   a whole lot of time  to change around an entire cowl. - Jordan?   - Hm?  - I feel like this is looking   kind of lizard-y.  - On top of that, Mel tells me she's not really feeling   the face for the fox.  - This does not look   like a fox.  - This is nerve-racking.  This is the finale, and these   are my two main pieces,  so I have no idea how this   is gonna play out for me.  ? ?  - The winner of "Face Off:   Battle Royale" will receive  a VIP trip from   Kryolan Professional Make-up  to one of their   85 international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,   and $100,000.  .  [dramatic music]  - Jordan?   - Hm?  - I feel like this is looking   kind of lizard-y.  - Mel's starting over the face  for the fox  because she's concerned that it  doesn't look enough like a fox,  which I completely agree with,  and I'm not feeling   the grasshopper cowl.  It's not a good feeling,  but with this being the finale,  we want these characters   to be as good as possible,  so her starting over,   it's a good thing.  So we both start pushing   the clay around a little bit  just to give it   that more snouted feel.  - Do you want me  to mess around with these ideas for a bit and you come back? - I'm gonna let her play around   with it a little while  just because I need to go back  to the grasshopper cowl  and make sure   that that gets refined.  [exciting music]  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.  [overlapping greetings]  - We've got   the Lollipop Ballerina  and then the Ginger General. - Is he himself  a piece of cake?  - I'm thinking kind of like   the color of carrot cake,  frosting on the top   of the hair.  - Now when you're talking  about carrot cake, that's dark.  - Like a very light orange base  with darker orange spattering. - The spattering's  probably good  because you don't want  to get it too dark  because you've got  so much going on here.  Let's see Lollipop.   - Yeah.  Just really playing   with her anatomy,  but making her anatomy into just different assortments  of candies. - I'm trying to think of,   like, a candy that, like,  grew out of her cheekbones.  - You've got so much going  on here  that if you start really  busying up the face here,  you're gonna lose the concept.   - Yeah.  - We have the Porcelain Prince  and then the Tin Jester. - What's your concept?   - We like the idea  of keeping it very smooth,   very pale,  and a few cracks   that will show the porcelain.  We didn't want  to make him too human, so we wanted to flow  that bridge up into the brow  and then into the crown. - You could make a small piece  that would literally  overlap right on to your crown.  - Oh, yeah.  - Now, let's see your--  your metal character.  Now, what color are we gonna  get into here?  - We were thinking about more   of a--like a steel metallic,  but then also bring some rust,  maybe some copper.  - So you know what setting  this is going to go into  with your lighting and  everything?  - Dark.   - Yeah, it's pretty dark.  - Dark?  Well, you definitely then need  little things to make it pop.  - Mm-hmm.  - We got the Dapper Grasshopper and the Spring Fox. They contrast with each other  as far as, like, personality   and even paint scheme.  - Let's start here  with the fox.  I'm just concerned   with the nose--  that it ought to be   just a tad bigger.  It's almost falling  into the realm of it could be  a bunny rabbit  when you go like that.  Now let's see the grasshopper.  What do you have?  - Started on the face,  and then I wanted to find out how I was gonna meet the face  with the cowl, so then I started  blocking out the cowl. - Since this is  a fantasy character,  don't muddy it up  with a lot of dark green.  You want to keep  the colors crisp.  Well, let's go down  and see Kevon's piece.  Kevon, explain to me  what you're doing.  - Well, we wanted to have   these hind legs  like grasshoppers have.   - Mm-hmm.  - And I think   the most practical way  is just going to be   to build a leg piece.  - Right.  Is it possible to sculpt that  so you can get both of them  out of the same mold?  - Save us from having to sculpt   and mold another piece.  - I think you should,  and again,  it'll be a big time saver.   - Oh, yeah.  - Bye, everybody.   - See you.  - See you.   - Good luck.  - Thank you.   - Thank you.  ? ?  - After Mr. Westmore leaves,   Mel continues working  on the fox face   'cause he thinks it  doesn't read "fox" enough.   - Say what you're thinking.  You're not gonna hurt  my feelings. Jordan has very specific style  in the way that he does things,  so I want to make sure that   this looks like something  that could exist in his world.  - Yeah, I like him now that  he's, like, softened back down.  We throw some ears on it   just to see the overall look.  I mean, [bleep], those ears  could even be sculpted in   with the face.  We all feel like at this point  we really might not need a cowl. - I really wanted  to have this molded today, but I think it's more important for it to be good.   - Oh, yeah.  ? ?  - I want to give   the Lollipop Ballerina  some ice cream cones   to go on her head.  It's kind of   Statue of Liberty-esque,  and it just adds another   element, a third dimension.  - They're gonna  look like horns.  - They're gonna look   like horns.  - And we want that?   - I kind of want that.  - Yeah? I just don't know   if that makes sense with that.  - That's what I like.   I like creatures.  I like horns, and I don't want   to get too far  from what I actually like.  - You could always have, like,  a fan of--  or, like, three.  - I do believe   it's taking a risk,  but also I'm keeping it cute  and fun at the same time,   so it seems whimsical to me.  I think this is still  a good idea. ? ?  - Voila.  - While Graham works   on the Tin Jester...  - [laughs]  - Damien's sculpting the cracks   on the Porcelain Prince.  - Do that kind of thing there.   - They look amazing.  They look just like real cracks. Oh, that's sweet. It's all these little nuances  that are really fleshing out   the characters.  - This is where you guys  want to, like, take some time  'cause this is  what our main character is.  It's not a giant ass.  It's not a huge stomach.  It's like--  - Yeah.   - The characters.  - One hour, guys.  ? ?  - That's time, guys.  - Yeah.   - Sha-pow. Sha-pow.  ? ?  ? ?  - Are you ready, master?   - Yeah!  ? ?  - Today we've got a lot to do.  We've got to get all of our   sculpts finished and molded.  Plus we're gonna need to run   the grasshopper body  in poly foam and latex.  - You're not doing a neck  'cause you're doing it   on the cowl, right?  - Right.   - Okay.  - I'm still not really feeling   the cowl for the grasshopper,  so I need to spend   some time today  focusing on the head.  So I go in there,   and I chop the eyes off,  move them back further   on the head,  and start to reshape the head   altogether.  He's much more grasshopper now.  [chuckles]   - Cool.  ? ?  - The cowl for the   Porcelain Prince is a crown  that's growing out of his head,  and it has some sharp   castle-like points  that we want to bring down   to the shoulders.  I think as long   as it's got that.  - Yeah.   - The more curves the better.  Me and Damien are working   very cohesively.  We're working until we   get tired, and we switch it up so we can bring new designs   to each sculpt.  ? ?  - I'm happy with all   of my pieces so far,  but time is definitely   starting to slip away,  and I'm getting more   and more worried.  We're the three slowest molders   of all the other artists.  I know it's gonna be   time consuming  to mold these giant things.  We should probably  mold it like it is.  Right now we're behind,   so we need to start molding  all of the pieces   as soon as we can.  - Actually, while you do that,  I'm gonna start setting up. I'll be right back, okay?   - Okay.  ? ?  - Kevon and Mel are working  on getting the body   for the grasshopper poly foam,  so I run over there   to help them out.  They've already put   a few layers of latex in,  and it's built up enough  to where we can pop   the mannequin onto it  and get it strapped down.  Since the piece is   as large as it is,  it's important to make sure   the mold  is completely filled   with poly foam.  So once we get   that top half on there,  we see foam start coming out,  and it's an instant sigh   of relief.  - Yay!  - So we just need to wait   and let it sit for tomorrow  so we can demold it and get it   ready for application.  - Ugh.  Good job.  ? ?  - We are so far behind,  and I realize there's no way   I can get a fat suit done,  and I need to just focus   on the arms  and the cowl   for the Lollipop Ballerina.  Where's this at?  - Cracked.   - The thumb broke off?  - The pinky.   - The pinky broke off.  - Right here.   - [bleep].  Yvonne gets the hand mold open,  but one of the fingers   breaks off,  so we scrap the arms,  and I decide to just wait   until the actual film shoot.  One thing after another.  So I move on to   the Lollipop Ballerina cowl.  We have to get this one out.  ? ?  We have to get this thing open  and see what we can do with it.  - There it goes.   - You got that side?  - The first half   comes off really easily,  but the second half appears   to be locked.  - Yo, I think I got   a good grip here.  - Okay.   - The three of us  are just cranking on it,   trying to get it open...  Now pushing down.  Oh!  And the whole mold  cracks in half and falls apart.  - Did it break?   - Yep.  - Ohh.  - This is absolutely   a total disaster.  There's no way this is gonna   come out.  And it's pretty upsetting  'cause if I don't   get this piece,  I won't have anything   to show John,  and I need his input,   so this really sucks.  .  [exciting music]  - How bad was it? [bleep].   - It's a mess.  - The whole mold cracks in half   and falls apart.  [bleep].  I'm extremely frustrated   at this point.  - Can we patch it?   - No.  I mean, we can try  and glue it or something.  I don't really know.  We just try and glue   the pieces back together,  and thankfully it's holding.  We got to try   and make it usable,  even if it's a big piece   of [bleep].  - That's time, everybody!  - Damn it.  - Leaving the lab, my   confidence is definitely shot. This is the first time ever  that I have experienced   such failure.  Reached my capacity   for failure today.  It's just such   a mental breakdown,  and I'm just really relying   on the fact  that this is a lighting test   and not the real thing.  ? ?  - Go, go, go.   I'm so nervous now.  ? ?  Look how cute he is.  His ears came out   and everything.  - Nice. Today I want to do   a lot of pre-painting,  so right when we get   into the lab,  Kevon heads   into the mold room and starts  demolding the body   for the grasshopper.  Mel's gathering things   for the fox character.  I'm cleaning up the seam line   on the grasshopper cowl,  and the last thing   we need to do  is just clean out   the collar piece  for the grasshopper,   run poly foam in it,  and then we can have our final   piece ready for application.  ? ?  - Hi.   - What's up, guys?  Nice to meet you.   - Brian.  - You're gonna be   the Tin Jester.  - Oh, my God, I love the nose.  - There's a lot of patching   to do  'cause our mold   broke in half yesterday.  - Before my team could   even start applying,  there are a couple of pieces   that we need to fix.  The Lollipop Ballerina cowl   is a total disaster.  There's chunks missing.  We've got two big seams.  It's just gonna take   a whole lot of time to fix.  At the same time, me and Derek still have to run this   whole fat suit in poly foam.  It's a lot of work  that you shouldn't be doing   on application day.  ? ?  - How's that feel?   - That's fine.  - [laughs] - There we go.   - Yeah, that's it.  - Perfect. All right.   - In the mad rush of trying  to get ready   for the camera test,  Damien and Matt   are starting to apply,  and I start working   on this turnkey idea.  I find this gear that has   a nice little port to it  which is wide enough   and deep enough  that you can fit the key in,   and you can turn it,  and it won't fall out,   and boom.  It's working out perfect.   It's like it was meant to be.  Check it out.   - [chuckles] Awesome.  Application is going great.  It's just we had a lot   of patching and seaming,  and we really should be   painting at this point,  so we're a little behind.  I really want to win   this finale,  so it's just gonna   come down to  how well we work together  and time management.  ? ?  - There's a lot of work   that we have to pass around  between each other to make sure  that these characters get done.  Mel is applying the   face prosthetic for our fox,  and I'm pre-painting   everything,  and then Kevon's fitting  all the pieces   for the grasshopper,  but the grasshopper body,   it's a little bit tight,  so Kevon needs to dig out   poly foam from the inside  so that it slips   on him nicely.  After that, he's gonna cut   the sides of it  and zip tie it together.  - I'll just use blender pieces   to hide all this.  - We're on task so far,  so it's not as bad as what I   thought it was gonna be today.  ? ?  - Graham and I start pressing  the black all over   the whole cowl  and face of the Tin Jester  because anything metallic   needs a black base first  to really shine and pop.  - Yeah, this will build up nice.  - We got it all blacked out,  and then we're applying   Kryolan aqua silver colors,  and we're just doing   a darker silver,  and then we do one   with another lighter silver  on top of that to hit   all the high points  of the facial structure.  It's very important to get   these paint jobs spot on.  ? ?  - Everything is so frantic   at the lab.  There's half the time left,  but nothing has been   applied yet.  The Lollipop Ballerina cowl   looks so messy and dirty.  I'm second guessing   whether or not  the Ginger General's   too scary,  but things just have   to be applied,  or we have no makeup.  ? ?  - Mel, what do you think  about that kind of eye? - [bleep].   Think that looks really cool,  and it's literal  third dimension.  - I've had an idea for a while   to use this mesh  to go over top of bug eyes  just to really give it   that life-like feel.  - If you feel stressed  about time, do it next time.  - No, I think  we can do it now. - [bleep] do it.   - These are gonna be  a real focal point   to this character,  so I've got to do the best job   that I can on them.  I've never done this before,  so it's kind of scary to be   experimenting around with this on such an important challenge,  but this is the lighting test. This is our time   to experiment around,  so I'm gonna give it a try.  Check that out, Kevon.  - That's aw--dude, yes,   that is really good.  - I couldn't be happier   with how it looks.  This is the exact eye   that I've been wanting to do,  and it came out great.  - It's amazing, Jordan.   - That is cool.  ? ?  - We'll save all the filigree,  I guess, for--  - Yeah, for Last Looks.   - For Last Looks.  - I'm a little worried   because we don't have  much paint detail going on.  It's pretty much a base  and a little bit of contouring,  but both makeups are nowhere   near the finish that we want.  - Have it curl around  and up like that?  - It's a little scary   to depend on one hour  to really finish out   my makeups.  ? ?  - At this point   we're frantically trying  to put these two makeups   together.  Nothing is really planned out,  so we're having to paint   as fast as we can.  I don't know.  Go where your mind takes you. Just lots of bright colors. It's just   a total [bleep] show.  - How much time we have?   We should start packing.  - Yeah, we need to.   Let's go for it.  Start packing it.  Time is starting to slip away,  and I'm getting more   and more worried.  What else do we need?  - I got everything in the bins,  all that glue and stuff. - Yvonne?   - What?  both: Syringes?   - You know where the--  - Where are they?  - I'm really failing...  Grab that latex hand   just to show him.  And it's upsetting.  Grab it, yeah.   Just grab it.  - Okay.  - That's time!  ? ?  - I'm second guessing   the Ginger General,  and I'm looking   at the Lollipop Ballerina,  and I hate the cowl.  It definitely sucks.  - I'm gonna cut a hole here...   - Yeah.  - And then put  that little key in there. - Yeah.  - I can do that after  we get things all painted. - I am nervous because   this is really important,  and I really want   to impress John,  so it's just gonna take a lot   of focus and a lot of energy  to get this perfect   and pristine.  .  [dramatic music]  - We have one hour left   until our camera test,  and we still got   a lot to do today.  We need to finish up   the painting.  We need to get them   into the wardrobe,  and we need to finish   these intricate details  that accentuate   the total picture.  Graham is working   on the Tin Jester,  and Damien and I work   on the Porcelain Prince.  I really want these details   to read well on camera.  - Just this one right here?   - Yeah.  - I don't have enough time to   do both of their entire faces,  but I'm going through and  spraying these filigree stencils in areas on both characters.  Just doing things   on one side of the face  is gonna give John the idea   of what we're going for.  You digging that so far?   - Yeah. Yeah, that's cool.  ? ?  - One more glue job  around the mouth.  It's really, really important  that everything   is glued down real nice  so that she can perform   and speak,  which is different than  your average "Face Off" makeup.  15 minutes, guys.  - Time is ticking away,  and the wardrobe   is just not happening.  - We should just cut it.  - Damien just decides   to cut the collar off,  and we force it   around his shoulders.  - These split-second decisions   can mean everything.  ? ?  - All right, guys, time is up.   You're needed on set.  ? ?  - I feel really great   about the makeups,  but we're not done working.  We could have touchups.  There could be an issue   here or there.  I'm just hoping it's enough  to compete with Walter   and Jordan.  ? ?  I'm just worried   'cause all I see is the flaws.  All I see   is what could've been  or what needs to be done...  - Come with us to Wonderland!   - Wonderworld!  - And I really want   to impress John,  so I'm just hoping that it's   exactly what he's looking for.  - What up? What up? What up?   - Hey.  - Hey, guys.   - How's it going?  - How you doing?  - It's awesome to see all   the cameras and the lighting,  and it's just   an overwhelming experience.  - Let's get you guys   over near our test area,  and we'll start talking.   - All right, awesome.  - We'll get right to work.   - Cool.  - Let's do it.   - I love being on set.  It's gonna be great to see my   characters interact on film...  - Take a seat, Matt.  - In front of the director.  - Can I get a single   on the jester?  Megan, you're going   to pretend you see Alice,  and then turn to the Prince.  All right, ready?  Action.  [exciting music]  I love it, Megan.  Jump up and down   a little bit for me.  Great. She's coming together   really well.  - Yeah.   - I love the idea of, like,  some sort of chest piece.  - Mm-hmm.   - I wanted to see  more of the metal building  throughout her body.  - He'd love to see us   full-out sculpt the body  and bring it down   to the arms as well,  so that's just something extra  to worry about  because of just time management. - Now, let's talk about   the jester.  What are we thinking?  - We wanted to keep it   really metallic and tin.  I'm trying to decide where  to put that kind of coppery red  into here.   - Yeah.  I think that would add a lot   of depth to the shot,  texture.   - Mm-hmm.  I noticed that it would be   more impactful  to actually bring up  that coppery red into the cowl,  and John thinks it would be   a great addition,  so these little things   are really popping out to me  that didn't, you know,   get on the monitor.  - We also created, like,   a whole windup key  that fits on to her back.  - So if the scene started  and the jester   was backwards and off,  and he walked over when he saw   Alice and spun the key,  I love that idea.   - There you go. Yeah.  - 'Cause that would change   the opening of my scene,  but it would do it in a way   that feels really fantastic.  - John loves the idea so much  that he's willing to alter   his script for us.  It's really cool.  - Let's roll when you're ready.   Action.  ? ?  Yep.   Yep, there you go.  Fantastic.   Shriek for me.  - Aah! Aah!   - Yep. Yep. Okay.  Camera cuts.  So where he's cracked   right now--  - It's overdone.   - You need to fade it in.  It needs to be   a little bit more--  - That looks more  like spider webs. - See, that's good   because that--  - That looks great.   - Yeah, that's nice.  - That's fantastic.   - It's subtle.  - And it has a shadow.   - Yeah.  - See, the other ones look drawn  on even though they're not.  - The main concern that John   has with the Porcelain Prince  is that the cracks   were too harsh,  that we need to lighten them.  It's just another burden   to finish out.  - All right, guys,   fantastic work.  - Thanks.   - I'm excited.  I mean, let's just take it   to the next level.  - I feel great knowing  that we don't have to resculpt   any of our pieces,  but there's still a lot to do   to make this come together.  ? ?  - Bye. [dramatic music]  - So we get into   the Last Looks,  and we need to throw   the entire head  onto the grasshopper as well   as do a lot of painting.  It's really important for John   to see these characters  as full as possible   so that we understand  the vision   that he's looking for,  so this lighting test is   really make or break for us.  - Where's our sponge bucket?  I feel like I'm losing   my [bleep] mind.  - Kevon and Mel are working   on these fox feet and hands,  but because we have   limited time today,  we're gonna be laying   a lot of patches of fur  onto the fox versus   laying hair on it.  It's just to give a general   idea of how it's gonna look.  - Personally I think it's   a little too dark right here.  - It is. Yeah.   - I think it could just use  a little pop like the head has.  I'm realizing that there   are different colors of green.  They look different enough   that it's almost an accident,  so I begin dry-brushing more   shades of green, more yellows, to start pulling the color   all back into this.  This right here is killing me.  I mean, it's--  - We'll be able  to adjust on final day. - That's 15 minutes, you guys.  ? ?  - In these last few minutes,   it's such a crazy rush.  We're moving   as fast as possible.  There's brushes   flying everywhere.  We're tripping over things.  We really need to get   these guys done.  ? ?  - All right, that's time.  You're needed on set.   - All right.  - We didn't get as much done   as we wanted to,  which I'm a little bit   worried about,  but they both look pretty cool.  I'm really hoping   that John likes these  because if he's not digging   our characters,  we really don't have   a whole lot of time  to change an entire   grasshopper character,  so hopefully I don't have   to make many changes.  I can just keep building   and win.  .  - Hey, Jordan.   - Hi, guys.  How are you?   - How's it going?  - It's really cool   to walk in here  knowing that we're about   to test all of this out  for the film   that we're about to shoot.  - Let's get you guys over here   to our test set,  and then we'll start talking   about some stuff.  Sounds good?   - Cool.  - All right.   - I'm pretty excited.  I see the setup   with all the different greens, and they've got   these giant mushrooms,  and then I'm looking back  at my grasshopper character   trying to figure out  if he's gonna really stand out   in this environment.  - Here we go, and action.  Brian, tilt your head forward   a little bit.  See, now that he's leading   with his head...  - The grasshopper, yeah.  - You might just angle up   his antennas a little higher.  Yeah, see, so he doesn't   poke him in the face, right?  - This lighting test for the   grasshopper's really important  because we find out exactly how   the lighting plays  with all the different planes   on his body and his face,  so now we know what kind  of adjustments we need to make.  - Give me some context about   where you guys are.  - There's a few things  that we're looking   to possibly change.  We're playing around  with the idea of actually  making an entire lower half  so that he's all grasshopper   from the waist down.  - Uh-huh. Honestly,   if you guys could do the legs,  that would be really cool.   - Yeah.  - That would just take it   in a whole place  that I think--I think  you would just elevate   just the overall look of him.  - John loves that idea.  He thinks it's gonna   really make it  into a more full character,  but that means we have   a lot of work to do.  - Camera, cut real quick.  I just want him--look directly   into lens for two seconds.  See his eyes?  - Mm-hmm.   - Right now you have  contacts in there?   - No.  - We might need to think   about that  because if we are outside,   and this light hits him,  and I catch human eyes   in there,  it's gonna give away   that those aren't nostrils.  - Um, Mel was talking  about putting a mesh in there  that he could see through that--  - That would help.  - And he can paint on top of the  mesh and even the plane field.  - Either put black lenses in.   - Yeah.  So that's something to work on.  - This grasshopper is gonna   take a decent amount of time,  especially with full   grasshopper legs.  - Spend a little time on fox.   Great job. Great job.  - Hopefully for   the fox character  we're not gonna have   to change too much.  - Action.  Christoff, will you look   at grasshopper real quick?  Now look profile.  Okay, see,   look at his nose right now.  He needs to look   more like a fox.  - Yeah.   John thinks the snout needs  to be a little bit   more elongated.  I don't want to make it   too much longer,  so we've really got to play   around with the idea  of "satisfy the director  but not lose   that makeup quality to it."  - What I think you can do is   if you did an alginate  on your rubber face  and you just sculpted   a little extension.  - With an extension.   - Ohh.  - It would fit  right over the top. - Mr. Westmore's got   a great idea  to essentially make  a prosthetic for the prosthetic  so that we can go in  and not have to completely   resculpt the fox face.  - Our Spring Fox, I like it.  The one thing I would say,   though,  is if it's bright outside,  he might be   a little too bright.  - Yeah.  - Maybe make him   a little more orange.  - The camera washes out   his face a little bit,  so it feels like we need to   make it pop a little bit more. - I think the fox is,   right now, a little bit too--  - The fox's face is what you   really have to work on.  - Yeah. Yeah.  The grasshoppers almost there,   you know,  outside of maybe you guys   do the legs and stuff.  - Awesome.   - All right?  You guys are killing it.  - Overall I'm really happy with   how the lighting test went.  Everything read pretty well,  and it gives us   a really good idea  on what we need to change   for film day.  ? ?  - We've got one hour left,   and we have to get  these makeups finished   despite how unorganized  and frustrated and frantic   we are.  Definitely regretting  how many lollipops   there are on this ballerina  because they need   to be hand-painted,  and I don't have time   to do that,  so I'm airbrushing everything.  I really want everything   to be seamless,  so I'm gluing licorice   into the hair,  and then I go and see   what I can do to help Derek.  Oh, we didn't grab  the damn sprinkles.  It really sucks to miss   the sprinkles  because the sprinkles   are that fun little element  that makes the Ginger General   look like a cookie.  Would've made this guy  look way more comical.  I'm extremely frustrated   at this point.  ? ?  - Are we good? - Yeah, it's good.   - Perfect.  The cowl doesn't even have   a blending edge whatsoever,  so we have to figure out   something to cover this,  so we add a bunch of cellophane   wrappers to disguise it.  I don't know if it looks good,   but it works.  ? ?  - All right, guys, time is up.   You're needed on set.  - Whew.  I'm happy that they're done,   and I'm happy with my team,  but I really don't know   what John's gonna think  about either of them.  Come on.  I'm really bummed out.  They're not up to the quality   of work I've been doing,  so I just really want   to hear the advice  that John has to make   these makeups better.  - What's up, Walter?   Come on in, guys.  - Hey.   - All right.  - What's up? What's up?  - We walk through   the giant doors,  and McKenzie, John,  and Mr. Westmore   are waiting for us,  and it's a hot set.  There's people everywhere,  and there is a dinner table   with nothing  but sweets and desserts   all over it,  and we all sit down   to start our lighting test.  - Let's take a look   at this on camera.  And action.  So the thing right off the bat  I'm concerned about   is the General right now,  and he comes off   a little too threatening.  - It's a little eye-opening  to see it through   the lens of the camera  because the Ginger General's   not fitting in.  He looks not so inviting.  He doesn't look anything   but really intimidating.  - In this whimsical environment, it is Alice in Wonderland.  This should feel  really bright and fun for her.  - He's supposed  to be inviting to Alice. Right now, I would never  go near that. - Yeah, right.   - That would terrify me.  - You really have to think   about resculpting his face.  - He's just a big failure,   and it's pretty upsetting,  'cause on my season,   I was the only finalist  who didn't have   to redo anything,  so coming from that to this   kills my confidence totally.  - What is he? I don't know.   - Yeah.  I really want this,   but I feel like the odds  are heavily stacked against me   at this point.  - All right, guys, it's time   to get on Twitter and tell us  who you think had   the best camera test  using #FaceOff.  .  - Right now, what is he? I don't know, and that's   my biggest question to you.  - So far this challenge   has been one long nightmare.  - I think you really have   to think  about resculpting his face.  - The Ginger General   is way too scary,  and he wasn't feeling   the fat suit,  so now I have to restart   everything.  I'm scared because   I'm competing for $100,000.  - Of course.  You want to win $100,000?   - Yeah.  - Then you better make  the best damn Gingerbread man  I've ever seen.  - I'm upset I failed   so miserably,  but I want to win,  so doing a complete redo   is the only way to go.  - Camera, cut.  Can we pan over to Lollipop,   please?  I think you're closer with her   than you are with him.  - Yeah, I agree.   - Okay, I think right now  she's the "dessert ballerina."   - Mm-hmm.  - Really emphasize lollipops   around her.  - I already know I have   to resculpt the cowl  just because it was   so messed up,  and I'm worried   about having enough time  to make all of these changes.  - This here looks   more like war paint.  - And that paint job  may actually be   making her more threatening.  - She needs to get  her lips done.  She needs a fantasy eye makeup  as opposed  to making her forehead look  like she has a rash.  - At the end of this  consultation, I am pretty upset. - I think with both   of your characters the answer  is you guys need to create   an identity  that is consistent.   - Yeah.  - Right now,  both your characters are, like,  a mish-mash of things,  and that's just confusing to me. - It's definitely   a ego-killer...  - Dude, you got this,   all right?  - Yeah, absolutely.   I'll give it my best.  - I know.  - But I'm gonna try and rally.  - See you guys, okay?   - Bye, guys. Good luck.  - All right.   - Thank you, guys.  I really want this.  We have to come up with better   concepts and stronger makeups.  - Next time on "Face Off"...  I do have one more surprise  for you.   - Ouch.  - I can't think of any worse   of a scenario.  - Action!  - My heart's going   a million miles an hour.  - The winner of  "Face Off: Battle Royale" is...  ? ?  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 