Face Off: Season 13, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Face Off 
 s13e6 - Divine Dryads - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Face Off (2011–…): Season 13, Episode 6 - Divine Dryads - full transcript 
 The artists battle it out as they create dryad protectors of real life forests in this week's elimination challenge, with two more artists heading home. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  .  McKenzie: Previously  on "Face Off: Battle Royale"...  the artists tackled the tarot. You will each be making  your own version of Death.  - Awesome.  McKenzie:   And Matt's divine Death  gave him   his second straight win.  And tonight...  You'll each choose  a real exotic forest  and create the dryad   that protects it.  - Yeah!   - This is a badass  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 lady challenge.  - It's gonna look   like a disease.  - I'm getting very stressed out. - I have no idea   how to mold this.  It could be a catastrophe.  - This is "Face Off:   Battle Royale."  [all cheering]  [exciting music]  ? ?  ? ?  - Kind of got  a Camp Crystal Lake feel, right? - Oh, yeah.   - Yeah, it does.  - We get to Griffith Park,   and we're walking  into this little hiking   trail full of trees.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's really a nice treat to go  to this little oasis   out of the city.  - Interesting.   - Good morning, guys.  all: Good morning.   - Hey.  - Once upon a time,   people believed  that forests were protected by  spirit guardians called dryads,  and they thought that  if they knocked on wood,  they might also earn   their protection.  - Huh.  - Now, in films  like "The Chronicles of Narnia"  and video games   like "The Elder Scrolls,"  dryads are depicted   as beautiful and powerful,  with deep bonds to nature,  so in this week's  Spotlight Challenge,  you'll each choose  a real exotic forest  from around the world  and create the beautiful  dryad that protects it.  - Man!   - [laughs]  - This is a badass lady   challenge.  I'm so excited   to bring this to life.  - Next to me are the names  of the forests  that you will be choosing from.  They are   the Avenue of the Baobabs,  the Dragon's Blood Forest,  the Painted Forest,  and the Ancient   Bristlecone Pine Forest.  There are two for each forest,   so when you choose one,  don't forget you're also   choosing your battle partner.  Matt, you're up first.  - Dragon's Blood Forest.  - Ancient Bristlecone   Pine Forest.  - Avenue of the Baobabs.   - Dragon's Blood Forest.  - Oh, first battle.   - Challenge activated.  - The Ancient   Bristlecone Pine Forest.  - Avenue of the Baobabs.  - Painted Forest.   - Painted Forest.  We're going at it.   - Hmm.  - So, our head-to-head battles   this week are  Matt versus Derek,  Mel versus Damien,  Kevon versus Jordan...  - Let's go.   - And Walter versus Graham.  - Boom! - All right,   you got your forests,  but there is more   to this challenge.  - Of course.   - Uh-oh.  - While dryads are best known  as beautiful creatures   that bring good luck,  they are also fierce guardians  who will protect   their forests at all costs,  so with that in mind,  you'll also have to create  some type of armor  for your characters.  - I do a lot of armor   and a lot of fabrication,  but it's worrisome  that I have to rush   as fast as I can.  - Now, last order  of business, Matt,  since you won  last week's challenge,  you've earned the help  of an expert today,  so let's meet him.  With more than 20 years  of experience,  he's known  as one of the top sculptors  and creature designers   in the industry.  Contributing   his extraordinary talents  to major blockbusters   like "Avatar,"  "The Chronicles of Narnia:   Prince Caspian,"  and "Hellboy,"  please give a very warm welcome  to the incredible Jordu Schell.  [cheers and applause]  - It's the one and only   Jordu Schell.  I used to look at his work  when I was a younger FX artist,  so it's surreal to be able   to have him  and his expertise working   with me in the lab.  - Good to have you back.   - Thank you so much.  - So last time  you were here to judge, but how do you feel  about getting your hands dirty? - That's what I do,   and I can't wait.  - That's why we love you. All right, why don't you  go ahead and join Matt? - All right.   - Thank you.  - Hey, Jordu! Great to meet you.   - Hey, buddy.  - All right, guys,  I will leave you to it.  Why don't you   enjoy the trees around you?  And if you need a little luck,  don't forget to knock   on some wood. Bye.  - That was so stupid.   [laughter]  ? ?  - I'm thinking some sort   of headdress or headpiece  that kind  of branches off like that.  The sculpting is really  gonna be key.  - Mm-hmm.   - You know, as, of course,  I'm gonna say  because I'm a sculptor.  - The Dragon's Blood Forest   trees are very mushroom-like,  so we're both thinking big cowl  to bring out the tree shape  and a reptilian face  but keeping it beautiful   as well.  Derek's an amazing artist,  so I'm glad I have Jordu   at my side  to help me create   something dynamic.  It's a complete honor  to have Jordu working with me on this--  on this project and-- - You better say that.   - Yeah.  - The Painted Forest is filled  with eucalyptus,  so the one thing that I notice   about the eucalyptus  is that its bark peels off,  so I'm going to create   an over-mask  that can be peeled away   to reveal colorful bark.  Walter's definitely   gonna make it hard for me  because I know he knows   how to build armor,  so I'm gonna stick   to what I'm good at,  and do a nice, clean makeup.  ? ?  - My dryad is the defender   of the Painted Forest.  I want her to have   a bit of war paint,  so the bark will peel away   to reveal the war paint.  I'm gonna make armor   out of Worbla.  I'm gonna shape it around L200,  and other than that I'm just   gonna keep it very treelike.  I'm gonna lose some of the human  anatomy like the nose,  and really accentuate   the tree stuff  in the back of the cowl.  ? ?  - I really love the fluidity   of the bark,  and I see it   sort of traveling up her body  and having this long wig.  I really want to focus   on beauty and sensuality,  and I want to bring   all those elements out.  - All right, guys,   let's head back to the lab.  ? ?  - I end up   with Avenue of the Baobabs.  There are a lot of cool textures  in the tree,  so I'm gonna go with a lot   of that for my character.  My concept is this   wood elf priestess,  so she's gonna have   the branches  from the baobabs trees   coming out of her forehead  like a crown,   and then for her armor,  it's just gonna be  this awesome chest plate piece.  I'm battling Kevon again   for this challenge,  so two friends battling   against each other.  It should be interesting.  - I want my dryad to look   like a tree in appearance,  but she's going to open up,  and what you thought   was the external bark  are actually her two shields,  so I grab some sheets of L200  and start forming them   around the mannequin  in the shape   of the two shields I want,  and then I start sculpting   a face and a cowl,  and even though symmetry is  a really important   beauty standard,  I'm going asymmetrical   with my entire design  because I want to do something  a little different,  which is kind of risky,   but hopefully it goes well.  - I'm going with the idea   that this dryad is, like,  an ethereal   elvish-type character within,  and she's actually using pieces   of the bristlecone pine  to give her this armor  and make her stronger.  I haven't battled Mel yet.  I know she's an extremely   talented beauty artist,  especially when it comes   to fantasy makeup,  so I definitely know   that I'm gonna  have to bring my A-game   this time.  ? ?  - I've got Jordu by my side,  and he's knocking out   the face sculpt,  and I start blocking   out the cowl.  - Make sure to really get  that going, okay? - He's like, "No, no, no.   Go bigger."  I go, "Okay, " so I start   putting more clay on it.  - You need to go up higher.   - Higher?  - Yeah, I think--  I think it-- you need to get more  of the feeling of a trunk. - Then he goes,   "No, no. Bigger,"  so I put more clay on.  I'm like, "Okay, this is   becoming the biggest cowl  I've ever made in my life."  - You know, getting bigger  and bigger.  - Yeah.  - And then, you know,  just kind of do  some cool [bleep] up there.  - It's magnificent, and it's   almost like a freak show,  and I think it may be  just enough to really stand out  to sell this whole package.  - I'm still trying   to figure out my concept,  and I look to my right,  and Jordu already finishes   a face sculpture,  and it's looking awesome,  and then they're sculpting  this massive cowl   in the shape of a tree,  and I think it's the biggest   cowl ever made on "Face Off."  My guts sinks down,  and I'm now worried   about the challenge.  [dramatic music]  So I pretty much just grab clay   and start sculpting,  not sure if I'm   even gonna make a cowl  or how I'm gonna   incorporate the tree.  They're doing something   awesome,  and I have nothing   in my head right now.  I'm not sure what I'm gonna do.  .  [dramatic music]  - At this point,   I start to notice  just how much work   Matt and Jordu have done,  and it's frustrating  because I got to get things   going fast,  but then I notice   the tree looks helmet-shaped,  and then ideas just start   coming into my head,  so for my armor,  I'm thinking of shapes   like Spartan-shaped helmets,  but with the same   twisting branches  from the tree,  and I want it to look  like it's growing on the armor.  I feel like I see the images   of the tree coming together,  so now I need to catch up.  [energetic music]  - I've taken a lot of time   on this over-mask,  but I still have to sculpt   a forehead, cheeks,  nose, lip to go underneath it,  and it's got to look beautiful,  so there's a whole lot to do,  but I feel like I have   a pretty strong concept  that fits the challenge.  And I might end up scoring it   so that she can be like...  "Aah!"  - That'd be pretty cool.  A nice reveal.  - Yeah, 'cause she'll be real,  "Nyah, demon,   leave my tree alone."  - Quit trying to distract us,   Graham!  We're trying to sculpt!  - That's my strategy, Jordu.  I know Jordu.   My wife is his assistant,  so he's making fun of me.  I'm making fun of him.  - Where's all the drama, man?   I expected to come here  and there'd be fistfights   and blood on the floor--  - You're causing drama  right now, Jordu.  You're causing it right now.  - Graham is kind of a--   he's a bad guy.  He's an evil person.  Hey, man, that shirt you're   wearing is really tight, dude.  - Yeah, well, I've been   trying to lose weight.  It's just insane the amount   of work that this guy is doing  while being able to goof on me.  You just "leaf" me alone.  [laughing]  ? ?  - Gonna have to make this look  a little more like bark,  like a tree,  like we talked about, okay?  - All right.   - You can handle it?  - Yeah, this is amazing work  right here. - All right.   - It's beautiful.  I feel motivated, excited.  I've got a huge head start.  - Good luck.   - Thank you so much.  But the cowl is intimidating.  It's the biggest cowl   I've ever sculpted or molded,  and there's no more Jordu,  so it's up to me   to get this done.  - That's nuts, dude.   - Yeah.  - Have fun molding that, spaz.   - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.   - Hello.  - Hey.  - I really like  the asymmetry on this. - Mm-hmm.   - So I'm kind of trying  to bring that   half-moon shape into there.  - That's good. Yeah, yeah.  My only concern with it is  you've covered up  2/3 of her face.  - Mm-hmm.   - And we're losing our--  our girl.  I think we need  a bit more of her in there.  - All right, awesome. - The model has  the ability to hide. It's gonna have   these two armor pieces.  - Well, you've got   a lot of work to do.  - Yeah.   - The bark really has  to blend  with the whole thing,  or it's gonna look  like a disease  as opposed to part of the tree.  It's something you really,  really have  to be careful with, okay?  - All right.   - So I'm gonna be taking  a lot of the texture  from the fatter areas and using that   in the armored pieces  as well as in the headpiece.  - Be careful with that so it   doesn't look like--you know,  that could look   like Elephant Man.  - Yeah.   - That we don't want to do,  that texture.   - Right.  - So if you do it,   do it very subtle.  - Mm-hmm.   - I have this,  which is gonna be  sort of an over-mask, which I want to really have   a beautiful part to it,  and then underneath I have   a couple of appliances  that'll be a tad more sinister.  - The way you've designed it,  she looks a little sad.  - Mm-hmm.  - The challenge was  at least attractive.  If you're doing  a reversal on it,  you need to let the judges know  why and what you did.  - Okay.   - Bye, everybody.  - Bye. Thank you.   - See you, Mr. Westmore.  ? ?  - I can't believe I'm doing this  all over again. [bleep].  Mr. Westmore said my face   looks a bit disease-like,  so I do feel like I need   to probably adjust it.  [bleep].  This will hurt me on time,  so I am getting   very stressed out,  but I think I'm making   the right decision.  I think the clay forms integrate with the model's face   better than before.  Oh, man.  - 30 minutes!  ? ?  - That's time, everybody!  ? ?  - Go, go, go.   - We get to the lab,  and there's not a minute   to spare.  I start working on the face.  I'm worried   that the piece of bark  that comes down over the cheek is maybe not feminine enough.  I don't want her   to look monster-y at all.  I want her to be very beautiful.  Is this feminine?  - That looks good  'cause it's asymmetrical.  - Derek reinforces my vision,  and his affirmation makes me   feel comfortable to move on  with what I'm doing and make it   perfect and ready to mold.  [energetic music]  ? ?  - I'm happy with the shape   of the cowl.  I really just need to work   on the texture  and the little detail aspects, so I extend the clavicle,   and I extend the scapula,  and I move   the bone structure out,  and I'm adding twigs to it   to make it feel like a tree.  I definitely think it makes   this character  more powerful-looking,  and I really like   where it's going.  - This looks really pretty.  - I'm moving on   to the chest piece.  It's going to be very prominent  in the middle   with a lot of texture,  and I want the bark   to move with some fluidity  so up close it has   the texture of the baobabs  but is also contouring her body  in a very flattering,   feminine look.  ? ?  - I'm adding fine detail   on this cowl,  but my goal was to get this   run in poly foam today  on top of sculpting a chest   on top of working on armor,  so I'm feeling there's no way   I'll get all this done  unless I get this molded now.  The molding is gonna   be horrible. God.  And it's so big,   and it makes me nervous  because this is   really important.  It's an elimination challenge.  Two of us are going home,  so this is real now.  This is do-or-die,  but I have no idea   how to mold this behemoth.  A lot of things could go wrong,  and it could be   the most amazing,  elegant piece ever created   in this competition,  or it could be a catastrophe.  .  - The cowl is so big   that molding this thing is  likely gonna take me   the rest of the day,  so I'm gonna tackle both sides  at the same time  to finish as quickly   as possible,  but a lot of things   could go wrong  with such a big, heavy piece,  so I hope that it works out.  This is an abomination.  It shouldn't exist.  - We need to incorporate some  type of armor for our character. Her armor is just gonna be   this awesome chest plate piece that resembles a lot   of the textures  that you see in the trees.  I know I'm battling Kevon,   and I know  he's doing something crazy,  but I'm just trying   to stay focused  and get the cleanest makeup   that I can.  - My chest piece is   very ornate,  and that's what I want,   'cause she's supposed to be  this beautiful, fierce warrior,  so I'm trying to have   a good cohesiveness  of organic features and metal. Everything's coming together.  I have a clear vision,   and it's looking awesome.  - That's [bleep] cool.  - I really want to use   the tree parts as the armor,  so the tree is gonna be   her chest plate,  as well as this tree gauntlet  that she's gonna have   on her hand.  I'm gonna be   fabricating this hand,  so I just block out   the rough shapes in clay,  and I wrap that with tin   foil and tape.  Then I'm able   to section off each finger  and cut those pieces off   and lay them flat.  That gives me a pattern that I   can use to cut out in L200,  which I can then heat form  back into the shape that I want  to have   a lightweight foam version  of that clay hand   that I sculpted.  I'm pretty happy with the way   this hand's looking.  - One hour!  [energetic music]  ? ?  - All right, guys, it's time.  - We will do battle.  - My cowl mold is open,  but I didn't have enough time   to run it in the poly foam,  and there's a lot of work   still left to be done,  so that's all pushed   to application,  and that's really nerve-racking. ? ?  [laughter]  - Let's go! Go! Go!   - Go, man, go!  - I bolt into that lab   going straight for that cowl,  and I mix the poly foam,  and then I pour equal amounts   in both sides,  and it starts to foam up.  Then I clamp them around   the main core of the cowl  and just pray for that   to be enough to expand,  'cause I get one shot at this.  - Hi.   - Hi, how's it going?  Nice to meet you. I'm Jordan.   - Rachel.  - Crystal. Sorry, hugger.   - Hey, awesome.  - You're gonna be  so beautiful today. - I have so much to do.   Big chest piece,  a big cowl piece,   a big face piece,  and I really need to have   a great paint job  and application   to win this thing.  Luckily for me, Matt has to make  his cowl out of poly foam,  but it's going to be a race   to the finish.  - So the rad thing about this is  once you hit it with heat, you can just do whatever  we want with it. - Yeah.   - I still have to figure out  how to make this armor,   so I quickly grab some Worbla,  and I start making   the shoulder armor. Done.  - Yeah.   - All right.  - We got this.   - So all the armor is  starting to come together,  but I look over at Walter,   and he's got, like,  a whole creature going,  so I'm just hoping that I've got  enough to keep me around.  - I've waited for the cowl   to fully cure,  so I pry that open,  but I underestimated  the amount of foam needed   for the top of the head,  and so it just kind of   flops open.  That is a gut-wrenching   feeling.  I'm gonna have to patch this.  Everything is going wrong   that could go wrong,  and I really feel panicked.  So now it's all about seaming   and applying that cowl  and getting it not looking   like a Frankenstein patchwork.  Oh, there we go, there we go.  We got it. - You can, like, do the--  use this makeup if you want, and then, like,  line the outside with that. I am nervous   about this beauty makeup,  so I grab a couple colors   of lipstick that I like,  and I actually   have Megan go back  and put her lipstick on   herself,  because she knows her lip line  better than anybody else,  and then I'll be able   to add some contrast to it  with black after the fact.  That looks fantastic already.  I'll be able to work with that.  - I think I need to tone it down  a little bit. As I'm working   on my base layer,  I realize it's just kind of   this brown, muddy shape,  and I don't like that,   but if I zero in on the face,  that should help   drive my direction better,  so with this beauty makeup,   I feel like I'm making it up,  but it's making the face   a pleasing focal point.  - The painted eucalyptus demands  a good paint job,  and that takes time,  so I get my base coat down   as quickly as possible,  and then I'm painting   warrior paint on the face,  but the clock   just keeps moving,  and I'm really getting down  to where I'm not having enough   time to add little details,  so each minute lost is   a detail lost,  and that sucks.  ? ?  - The more items I get on her,  the more feminine  and badass she looks.  I'm battling Damien this week,   and I think we took  very different approaches   to the challenge.  I sort of saw the tree   as part of her anatomy,  and Damien viewed   the tree as her armor.  It's cool seeing two people   approach the same challenge  differently, but who knows  what the judges will like?  - 15 minutes, guys!  ? ?  - And that is time!  - I've got a well-applied face,   and that's it.  With one hour to spare,   it's not a good place to be.  .  [dramatic music]  - Okay.  I managed to win my battle   last challenge  by painting at Last Looks,  so I'm hoping I can do it again, but there's so much paint   to do,  so this is a precarious place   to be in.  ? ?  - I'm adding black patterning   as a moldy speckle  coming out   from underneath the wood.  It's a really   good graphic breakup.  I really like the way   this makeup's coming out.  She looks like a badass,   hot forest warrior.  - This [inaudible].   It's definitely not looking  exactly how I wanted it,  but I just don't have the time,  so I'm needing   to just get colors down  so that the idea gets across.  It's so crooked. - These shields are   looking rough,  but I feel like   with a solid paint job  I can really bring them   to the level I want,  and the more this   comes together,  the better   my confidence becomes.  - Please stay.   These eyelashes are heavier  and a little more rigid   than normal eyelashes  because they literally   have gold leaf on them,  but this warm metallic near her   eyes will be really beautiful.  Oh, yeah, girl.  - Ten minutes, guys.  ? ?  - That's time!  - This makeup--   it's not beautiful.  It's just not   what I imagined at all,  and that's stressing me out.  - Good evening, everyone.  Welcome to the "Face Off"   Reveal Stage.  As you know,  we will be sending two more of you home tonight, but before we get to business,  please say hello to our incredibly   talented series judges,  owner of Alchemy Studios,   Mr. Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   - Good evening, Glenn.  - How's it going?   - Hello, Glenn.  - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning   makeup artist Ms. Ve Neill.  - Good evening, artistes.   - Hey.  - Hello.   - And of course,  creature and concept designer  Mr. Neville Page. - Hello, guys.   - Hey, what's up, Neville?  - Hello, Neville.   - All right, let's get to it.  For this week's  Spotlight Challenge we asked you to choose  an exotic forest and create the beautiful  dryad that protects it, and because your dryads are  fierce guardians, we also asked you to create  a piece of armor for them, so let's take a look  at your creations. [suspenseful music]  ? ?  - The challenge is more beauty,  and the dryad's very muddied   and creature-esque.  I could be on the chopping   block tonight.  ? ?  - My character is   looking really cool.  I feel like I was able   to bring out  what was on the tree   into my character.  ? ?  - I love my sculpt.   I love the armor.  I love everything about it,  but I feel that it's   an incomplete paint job.  ? ?  - I'm not happy   with this makeup whatsoever.  It looks like I just threw   every color that I had on her. It looks like a crayon version   of a makeup.  ? ?  - This is my favorite makeup  I've ever done on both seasons.  I think she looks   like a badass tree fairy,  which in my brain is   exactly what a dryad is.  ? ?  - She looks fantastic.   She's doing lots of these  fighting stances   with the sword,  but I really like   Mel's makeup too,  so there's no way to guess   what's gonna happen.  ? ?  - I can see all the texture   and detail on the two shields. That is a really cool character.  I'm very happy with this.  ? ?  - Kevon went very detailed   with his,  and I went very minimalistic   with mine,  so I'm not sure how this is  gonna play out for either of us. ? ?  - Okay, judges,  go ahead and take a closer look  at these divine dryads.  - Wow. This is huge. - She's definitely  not beautiful to me.  - I think she looks like a fish. - I love all of these glyphs  that are just carved in. It treads the line  between the magic of the dryad and actual tree texture. I don't know that the colors   are helping it,  but this is an absolutely  beautiful sculpture.  - I kind of like this  up close much better than I did from far away.  - And I love the shapes.  - I love the fact  that this is really smooth.  Then you have all this beautiful texture with the bark. - It's feeling  a touch possessed,  almost like a "Exorcist" makeup. - Looks like he's taken a copy   of his makeup  and turned it   into something else.  - I don't care for the red eyes   or the red fingernails.  - Or the eyelashes,   quite frankly,  but she's taken advantage  of this particular tree  because it is so asymmetric.  Thank god Megan's lips  are present because there's the beauty,  and beyond that,   it's bordering on grotesque.  - This is like a big crab   claw hand. Bizarre.  - This concerns me a great deal. - It's sort of back to where  we were before with him.  He's trying to do  too many things. - Yeah.  - She's beautiful.   - I think it's a good balance  between the dryad and the beauty and the armor and the tree bark. There's a lot of things  that he balanced very well  in this design.  Thanks.  - All right, the judges  have chosen the winners and losers of each battle, so let's find out  which artists were victorious. In battle number one,  Matt versus Derek, the winner is... [dramatic music]  ? ?  All right, guys,   it's time to get on Twitter  and tell us who made   your favorite dryad  using #faceoff.  .  - All right, let's find out   which artists were victorious.  In battle number one,   Matt versus Derek,  the winner is Derek.  [applause]   - Congratulations.  - Thanks. Good job.  - Battle number two,   Walter versus Graham,  the winner is Walter.  - Good job.  [applause]  In battle number three,   Mel versus Damien,  the winner is Mel.  [applause]  And finally,   in battle number four,  Kevon versus Jordan,  the winner is Jordan.  - Not bad.  - Congratulations to all of you  who came out on top.  All right, the judges would like  to speak with some of you before making their decisions. Damien, you're up first. [suspenseful music]  ? ?  - Hi, Damien.   - Hey, Glenn.  - Tell us about your dryad.  - I chose the Ancient   Bristlecone Pine Forest.  A lot of the trees  are dried out, withered, and twisted, so I really wanted  to go with that shape, and she's been using  the tree as armor, so that's becoming  a part of her now. - It definitely has issues.  You would have  benefitted greatly from a more symmetrical approach  to that face. I understand that you're  taking a note from the tree with the very twisty  nature to it, but it's just weird that you  just see a sliver of her face. You need to find   a better way to do that.  - I totally understand   what you're saying.  - This big piece of tree trunk almost looks like a big,  gray crab claw or something because that really  doesn't look like that's integrated   with her body at all.  It's too bad, 'cause  the sculpting is really cool. Parts of it just don't   jive for me.  - The way you've managed   the sculpture  and the fabrication   is beautiful.  It's just the way it's laid   out feels so arbitrary,  so it didn't add up  to something great today. - Damien, please head back.  Derek, please step up.  - Would you please tell us   about your dryad?  - Most elite knights  usually have ornate armor, and I wanted  to incorporate that, but I also wanted to incorporate  the tree into her design. - Well, I think you were   very successful with that.  Her armor's beautiful.   I love the copper color,  and I like that you incorporated  the tree into her armor as well as her forehead piece. It's quite beautiful.  - Thank you.   - All this texture in her face  should not work,   but up close it really does.  There's some really   beautiful moments  from the chest to the shoulders,  the headdress. It's a success   from my perspective.  - Thank you.   - You were able to truly get  in there and exploit   all the work you did  with your sculpture   with the colors,  and the fact   that it's not a color  but it's an entire palette  subdividing up the different   sections, brilliant.  - Thank you. Appreciate it.  - Derek, please step back. - Good job, Derek.   - Thanks, man.  - Kevon, please step up.  - Tell us about   your dryad character, please.  - She comes  from the Avenue of the Baobabs, basically, I wanted  her shields to be her armor as well as a mechanism   for her to camouflage,  and I wanted  the tree bark texture to drive the entire design. - I don't see   that specific tree.  These giant knots are   so arbitrary and anonymous  and not very well delineated.  - The shields are   quite successful.  I love the idea that she can   shield herself with them  and then just mix   into the trees,  but the head,  the most important thing,   does not work,  and it's because there's so much  of that asymmetry  carried up into the design   of the cowl piece.  - I just think you missed   the mark  with a lot of the body sculpting  that you did,  and it just doesn't fit   the challenge,  and it's too bad, because you   left enough of her face alone  so that she still   stayed beautiful.  - Well, thank you.   - Kevon, you can step down.  Walter, please step   to the center.  - Walter,   tell us about your dryad.  - Well, I got  the Painted Forest. I wanted her to be beautiful  and also be a warrior. That's why I went  with the elfin warrior armor, and when this tree's bark  gets peeled back, it reveals war paint. - That right there is   what makes this so amazing.  The concept is just phenomenal.  It feels like the spirit   of the thing  is emerging   from the outer shell,  which is the armor, and for me,  you cannot get more spot-on  to succeeding in this challenge. - Thank you.   - She looks quite beautiful  up close--great profile.  Love the collarbones  with just a few little twigs, and I really loved all  the different textures in it. Really nice job, honey.  - Thank you very much.   - I just love the fusion  of arboreal biology  with human anatomy in the shoulder area. It's so cool  because it feels functional. - Thank you so much.   - Yeah.  - Walter, please step down. - Thank you, Nayeli.  - Graham, please come forward. - Graham, tell us about   your dryad character, please.  - I was looking   at the eucalyptus tree.  A lot of the bark  reveals these colors, so my design was  to have dry bark that peels off  and makes these plated skirts, and she's really bright  on the inside. - I got to say,   she doesn't look pretty,  and she could have   looked pretty.  If you had done some soft  blending of colors, it probably would have   worked a lot better,  and you're gonna have to learn  how to do beauty makeup. That would have  really helped this makeup a lot. - The choice of the cheekbones   feels unnecessary  because it causes her to feel   like her eyes are sunken,  and then the way it's painted,  all of these things create  a character who looks possessed. - I absolutely love the idea   of the nose shape  and the lip shape,   but the best parts  of your makeup   are buried beneath bad colors.  - You are very correct.  - Graham, you can step down. - That was awesome.  - All right, thank you.   If you'll please head back  to the makeup room   while the judges deliberate.  - Thank you.  - All right, judges,  so we do have a lot  to talk about tonight.  Why don't we start with some  of your favorite makeups  of the evening?  Let's start with Derek.  - Good concept,   and it was a really  well-crafted sculpture,  and it miraculously sustained   beauty as well as power.  - The way that he chose   to subdivide the forms  and use bark-like texture  without it being exactly   like bark--gorgeous.  - All right, let's talk  about Walter's work.  - I think Walter   was very successful  with the beauty end   of his as well.  It looked almost like   a velvety moss on her face.  It was so pretty.  - My absolute   favorite feature was  how he dealt with the clavicle. It felt like a perfect hybrid  of organic wood combined   with human anatomy.  - All right, judges,  unfortunately,  we do have to send  two artists home tonight,  so let's move on to the makeups  that didn't work  for you this week.  Let's start with Damien.  - I don't know   what he was thinking of  when he just slapped   those big chunks of wood  all over   that beautiful girl's body.  - I think it's his roughest   work yet, which confuses me.  Just when it seems like he's  going in the right direction,  he takes three steps back.  - He's so inconsistent.   - All right,  why don't we talk   about Kevon's work?  - His choices feel arbitrary.   To choose doing knots  which are not in this tree   really harmed him today.  - You cannot possibly   concentrate that much  on the shield thing  without knowing how you're   gonna handle the face,  and the face was a mess.  - You know, it's another one   of his misses.  Big concept, but a miss.  - And finally,   let's talk about Graham.  - The face idea was   a very good one,  but he didn't paint it   properly.  It's such a shame.  It could have been   an incredible makeup.  - If he did   a beautiful beauty makeup,  I think all of the other things   would have  not been so apparent.  - All right then, judges,   have you made your decisions?  - We have.   - Yes, we have.  - Let's bring them back out.  ? ?  Welcome back, guys.  Glenn, who is the winner  of this challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  McKenzie: The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip  from Kryolan   Professional Make-Up  to one of their 85   international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  - All right, Glenn, who is  the winner of this challenge? - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  [suspenseful music]  Walter.  [applause]  We absolutely love the concept,  and some of the unique   anatomical choices  that you made in that sculpture   were absolutely outstanding.  - It feels good to win.  I feel like I'm getting better,  and I'm putting out   my best stuff.  - Walter, congratulations.   You and Derek are safe,  and can head back  to the makeup room. - Thank you.   - Thank you.  [upbeat music]  ? ?  All right, guys, well,   obviously,  the three of you are  on the bottom this week, and two of you   will be going home tonight.  Please step forward.  Glenn, who is the first person   going home tonight?  - The first person going home   tonight is...  [dramatic music]  ? ?  Kevon.  We really did like  that armored shield idea,  but the character   as a whole read  a lot more grotesque   than it did beautiful.  - I had fun.   I was happy to come back.  - Kevon, you're  an awesome painter and sculptor, and I'm sure   the makeup community  is gonna see a lot more of you   in the future, darling.  - That means a lot. Thank you.   - Kevon, it's been so great  having you back with us,  but if you'd please head  back to the makeup room and pack up your kit.   - Thank you. Goodbye, guys.  - Later, buddy.   - See you.  I have no regrets.  I would not have   done this differently.  - Good luck, Kevon. - I'm happy to go home   on a Kevon makeup.  I guess for me   it's go big and go home.  - So, Glenn, who is the second   person leaving us tonight?  - The second person   going home tonight is...  ? ?  Graham.  Your concept wasn't bad,   but the shapes and the colors  that you chose   for the face in particular  just didn't add up for us.  - I agree.  - Graham, I'm so sorry, but you have  also been eliminated. That means Damien, you are safe  and can head back   to the makeup room.  - Bro. - Graham, I hope you've enjoyed   being back  as much as we've enjoyed   having you back.  We've gotten to see   even better work  than you've done   in the previous season,  so it's still a success for you. - It was a great ride,   and it was tough.  - Graham, it's been great  having you back with us again, but if you'd please head  back to the makeup room and pack up your kit. - Bye, guys.   - Good luck.  - Bye, honey.   - See you.  - That's it for me.  Goodbye, Graham!  Timber!  It's completely fair,  because I'm not happy   with that makeup,  and I would want that person   to be eliminated too.  I came back   'cause I wanted to see  if I still had what it took   to hang in there  with some All-Stars.  I went through the wringer   a little bit,  and I definitely enjoyed myself   the whole way through.  - I didn't want to come in   as a cookie-cutter artist.  I wanted to stand out,  and I feel like I've done that.  I may not have made it   to the end,  but I made a very powerful   impression,  and I can leave   with my head held high.  McKenzie:   Next time on "Face Off"...  - It was a bad day   to choose me, Walter.  - Everybody else is going  in so many neat directions.  - I need to win this one.  - It's not holding up at all.  - It's just so perfect.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 