Face Off: Season 13, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Face Off 
 s13e7 - Maritime Monsters - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Face Off (2011–…): Season 13, Episode 7 - Maritime Monsters - full transcript 
 The competition tightens as the six remaining artists create original sea monsters in this week's battles, with the help of an industry expert in next week's elimination challenge on the line. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  .  McKenzie: Previously on   "Face Off: Battle Royale,"  the artists dove   into the world of dryads.  Walter's beautiful nymph   wowed the judges for the win,  but Kevin and Graham fell short   and were sent home.  And tonight...  We are getting   very close to the finale,  and we need to see   what you are made of.  - I can see everybody   sweating a little bit.  - I like it, man.   - Thanks.  It's a bad day   to choose me, Walter.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - This area right here  concerns me. It's very weak.  - I'm probably gonna be   a bottom look.  - This is   "Face Off: Battle Royale."  [cheering]  [exciting music]  ? ?  [electronic music]  ? ?  - Whoa.   - Ooh.  - Check it out.   - Ooh.  - The lab looks awesome.  There's all this   nautical equipment,  and there's a huge   16th Century sailor's map.  Pirate ship action?   - I don't know.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - I'm just hoping it's not   gonna be a water challenge.  - Wow, this looks really cool.  - Yeah.  - Good morning, everyone.  - Morning.   all: Good morning.  - Congratulations on surviving  yet another double elimination.  Let's get right into your   next Spotlight Challenge.  During the golden age  of exploration, daring seafarers sailed the high seas   in search of the New World.  However, many still believed   that if you sailed too close  to the world's edges,  dangerous sea monsters   would be waiting there...  - Yes.   - To devour you.  So, in the tradition   of Hollywood hits like  "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea"  and "Pirates of the Caribbean,"  your Spotlight Challenge   this week  is to create an original   sea monster inspired  by one of the illustrations   on this real 16th Century map.  - That's awesome.   - I love sea creatures.  There's just so many animals   in the ocean.  There's a lot of inspiration   to draw from.  - When I call you up, come grab  one of the trinkets and place it next to the sea  monster of your choice. Now there are two  of each trinket, so whoever picks the other one is your battle partner  for this week. Derek, you're up first. [upbeat music]  ? ?  - It's time we meet in battle.  ? ?  - So just to quickly   recap our battles,  they are Matt versus Walter,   Derek versus Mel...  - Arr.  - And Jordan versus Damien. All right, here's the thing. - Uh-oh.   - We are getting very close  to the finale,   and we need  to see   what you guys are made of.  So we're gonna put   your sea monsters  to the test in their natural   environment:  underwater.  - Oh, my God.   - That's awesome.  - Of course they're gonna   make it go underwater.  It's an All-Star season.  I could definitely see   everybody  sweating a little bit.  There's a lot   that could go wrong.  And that's what makes it   so scary.  - Your makeups will need  to be waterproof and the judges  will get to see them   on land and at sea.  All right, now before you get   started I should remind you  that the winner   of this challenge  will earn the help   of an industry expert  in next week's challenge.  Go ahead and get to work.   Good luck, guys.  - Thank you.   - Bye.  - Oh, man.  ? ?  - The creature I chose has   an elongated snout,  so it looks like   a goblin shark or swordfish,  except a snout   that's closer to the mouth  and I don't want to give it   that mask look.  So I push it upwards, almost   eye level with the character.  That way it flows into a cowl,  and I'm going big   with the profile  hoping that will sell   a lot in the water.  None of these youngsters   have done this before.  I won this challenge, it was   episode two on season two,  so I'm thinking it's bad day   to choose me, Walter.  He wants it,   so I'm gonna bring it.  I'm gonna give him   what he wants.  - My monster looks like an otter  and a sea lion,  and I picked that   because I want to do tusks.  So it'll be very sea lion   in the face,  but fishy in the whole   back half with lots of fins  that look like they would   propel in the water.  I've never done   an underwater makeup before.  I'm gonna have   to seal each prosthetic  and make sure everything   is water tight  and use only alcohol paint  so it's not water soluble.  It's a little intimidating   going against  the reigning water   challenge champion,  but I'm pretty confident   in my design.  To be the best, you kind of   got to beat the best.  - When I think of sea monsters,  I think of terrifying creatures. I don't know of anything   more terrifying  in the ocean then angler fish, so that's the route   that I'm going for,  especially with the head   and face.  I really want to push out   that bottom jaw  and just have some really   gnarly long teeth.  And then the reference for my  sea monster looks very skeletal  so I want to incorporate   that and do a giant fin  running down   the back side of him.  I've never done   an underwater makeup before,  but to see the creature  that I make interact   with its environment,  that's gonna be really exciting. [electronic music]  ? ?  - I like my sea monster.   It's literally a sea horse.  Like...[neighing] horse and   I want to make sure  I incorporate some allusions  from sea horses   as we know them  that I think will look   really beautiful in the water.  I want to build up   the silhouette  of the back and the chest.  I also want to keep the face   more like a land horse  and have the mane be somewhat   between a fin  and a mane so that I'm serving my inspiration   and my own ideas.  Derek's super talented   at creatures and monsters.  It's his aesthetic, but I feel   like my concept is cool.  Let's see if I can execute it. ? ?  - My sea creature is like   a catfish, koi dragon.  So I'm taking this   as inspiration,  but I also want   to incorporate the whiskers  of what a catfish has.  When she moves her head   back and forth,  I want it to kind of flow   with the direction  she's moving in the water.  As I'm sculpting, not trying   to do too much texturing.  Nothing too detailed   'cause I want her to be  a little bit smooth   like a fish as well.  I haven't battled Mel before   so it's gonna be a challenge  because she's gonna come up   with something  beautiful and interesting.  It feels like I've been coasting  it safe this whole time.  We're getting closer   to the finale  so I really need   to step it up for this one.  ? ?  - My sea creature looks like  Creature from the Black Lagoon.  I start with the face.  I know that I'm gonna use   this under bite  and try to make a weird nose   that's not like a pig nose,  but maybe in profile   kind of resembles  the outlines of the pig nose.  I'm also going to make   the dragon frill that it has.  I want this frill to come around  the outside of the face  so that way   when it's in the water,  it'll get this cool   swooshing action.  I'm definitely trying to use   the water to my advantage.  I'm both excited and nervous   to battle Jordan.  He's a kick-ass artist   and I know  I'll have to create   something amazing.  ? ?  - As I start sculpting I'm--   I'm looking  to bring that snout in  so I push it up higher,  and I'm elongating the chin  so it will read   beautifully in profile.  I'm trying to get the face   sculpted and molded today  so I can line it up   with the cowl tomorrow,  and create a dynamic profile  when viewed from the side.  ? ?  - So to start off sculpting,   I go in and I start  getting that elongated shape   on the face, bringing the jaw  out a lot further   than his upper set of teeth.  I'm also adding larger,  more fish-like eyes   on the side of the head.  It's really gonna pull it away   from that human form.  Other than the body   being humanistic,  I really want the head to have   that creature feel to it,  and I'm battling   Damien this week.  He's gonna be a worthy   opponent for sure.  Damien's got   awesome design skills  and excellent painting skills,  so I'm gonna really need   to step it up  to beat him on this one.  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.   - Hello.  - Hey, Mr. Westmore.  - What sea monster  did you select?  - So it's like   a literal sea horse.  - Okay, how about color?  What are you gonna do?  - Starting kind of black  and building up metallics on top of it  because they really pop... - Eh, don't start with black.  If you start lighter, you know,  and build up with your colors,  and use black as maybe an accent as opposed to painting  your entire creature black.  - Yeah, that's smarter. - Now what sea monster  did you select?  - He's, like, very aquatic and,   like, a sea lion, or a seal.  - Mm-hmm, you're really catching the human in here.  Trying to get a little bit  more fish to it.  Maybe more between your cat  and a fish to really give it  a bizarre look.  - Mm-hmm.   - With your tusks now,  can epoxy 'em so they're  really, really strong.  - Absolutely. - Now tell me about  your sea creature.  - I don't want to take   this too literally,  so I'm playing with the pig   under bite and the nose,  and then the dragon  fish fin flailing off. - This area right here  concerns me.  It's a very weak look.  My main concern  is giving yourself  a little bit more character  right in there.  I think if you give this  a dragon bite  it could add  a real dangerous look.  - Yeah.   - Okay.  What sea monster did you select? - I picked this guy,  he reminded me of a koi fish that turns into a dragon. - At first crack at this,  I'm seeing bat  as opposed to basically  what the challenge is.  - I'm really worried   'cause I definitely  don't want my face   to look like a bat.  - Everybody else is really going in so many neat directions  that I don't want to see you be  the only one that  basically comes up with a bat.  - It's in the back of my mind  that I haven't won   any challenges,  so I need to win   this one to show  that I have what it takes   to be in the finale.  .  - At first crack at this,  I'm kind of seeing bat  as opposed to basically  what the challenge is.  - I don't want my face   to look like a bat.  Hopefully Mr. Westmore   can help me out.  - I don't think you're going  far enough.  - Okay.   - Change your profile.  Especially in this chin  and nose area here.  Don't be so delicate.  Bring some more elements  in there--  - Okay.   - To monster it up.  - After talking with   Mr. Westmore,  I'm definitely   gonna take his advice,  but it feels like   I'm a little bit behind,  so now I'm afraid   I might not have enough time.  - So think more  aquatic and monstrous.  - You have helped me out a lot,  thank you very much. - Good luck.  Now what did you select?  - So, my creature  was this more fin-looking kind of elongated   head-looking character.  - Very interesting sculpture.  - Thank you.   - I like it.  You've really captured  the idea of a sea monster.  Be careful with  supporting your mouth  when it comes up  out of the water...  - So it doesn't drag it down?   - Lower--yeah,  lower jaw doesn't drop.   - Mm.  - The thought off the top  of my head would be  to make  a little hole up through here  so it would drain water  through there  when it's coming in as opposed  to all this water  having to come here.  - Yeah.   - This little creepy guy.  His snout's kind of long   and kind of hooked a bit.  - Here you've gone out  of the box.  In this you've gone  out of the box.  The cheekbones  are basically skeleton.  - Mm-hmm. - Maybe adding more  to the chin to balance  this type of figuration out,  or doing something here  to where  if it came up out of the ocean,  the sailors  would be scared of it  that it's a sea monster.  - Mm-hmm.   - So bring more...  creature into your sculpture.  - Mm-hmm.   - Bye, everybody.  - Bye, Mr. Westmore.   - Bye, Mr. Westmore.  [upbeat music]  ? ?  - After talking with  Mr. Westmore, I take his advice  and make my face sculpt   less human.  I bring out the chin   a little bit  and change the eyes   so they're smaller.  - Ooh, that's cool, dude.   - Thanks.  I like it a lot better.  It looks a little bit   more creepy  and I like how the profile   is looking.  So now it's ready to mold.  ? ?  - At this point   in the competition,  I'd be intimidated   about battling anyone,  but I need to bring   my A game against Derek.  So I start sculpting the face,  and I know   what I want it to look like.  It's just not really landing   in the clay that way,  but I can't refine it now  because I just barely   have enough time to run back  to the mold room   and clean out my chest mold.  But at least I have some forms  that I can sleep on   and look at the next day.  - With the time I have left,  I really want to start my cowl.  I'm building in fins that come  outwards along the back  and being very careful   as to where I put them  so that the cowl   is hydrodynamic--  it moves through the water,  and I'm really hoping   that the judges  can see all the little details  that I put into this to where it  looks functional in the water.  ? ?  - All right, guys, it's time.  ? ?  - [laughing]  Totally different   than I remembered.  I come into the lab with a fresh set of eyes to look at my piece, and I hate it, so I take it   all off and then start over.  I want to build up the nose   and make it a little longer  so that it looks like a horse   that looks kind of fishy.  I probably should've picked   a more intimidating fish  than a sea horse  because I feel a little nervous  that I've taken inspiration  from the cutest sea creature   in the whole ocean,  but it's looking a lot better, and I'm already   behind schedule,  so I need to move faster   than I ever have.  ? ?  - So the first thing for today  is I need  to finish up my back piece.  So I get all the forms   sculpted out  but don't put too much   texture in it  just because it doesn't   really need it.  It's just to create   that profile  for the torn up fins   on his back.  It's too early to tell   who's gonna take this battle.  Damien's is looking   pretty cool,  but I'm really liking   my sculpture,  and the closer and closer   I get to the finished product, the more excited I get.  So hopefully I can walk away   with a win on this one.  ? ?  - [grunts]  - I start off with my cowl.  I know I need to finish   that first  and get it molded so that way,  while it's cooking,   I can start working  on all these fin appliances.  The face feathers out,   so I'm gonna  pull that sea creature   frill out to the back,  use that in the anatomy   so it just looks  like all of this   hard cartilage stuff  is protecting this soft, giant,  soggy piece of flesh   in the back.  It's looking really good,   I'm really pleased with it.  ? ?  - I want to show off the profile  of the character,  so I just start forming   that shark fin point  on the back of the head.  I'm also putting gills   on the neck  shells on the shoulder,  and some pointed,   protruding areas  on the back of the neck   to give it  a little bit of movement   when he's underwater.  I'm using the face   to line up with the cowl,  and it's all flowing together.  - I like it, man.   - Thanks.  ? ?  - Now that my cowl is sculpted,  I really need to figure out   a way to do my fins.  So I stick quills into it  and then use the iridescent   cellophane to droop down  and that part's gonna move   through the water.  It's all looking really great   and I'm seeing what  Matt is doing,   and it looks cool,  but I love my concept   and I think  it'd be hard for Matt   to beat me.  ? ?  - I want to do a fin on top   of the cowl,  and I really want it   to be transparent so  while the clothes are   in my cowl sculpture  I lay fish skin   for the membrane of the fin.  Fish skin is a material  that's stiff when it's not wet.  When I put it in the water,   it just turns to this soft,  kind of almost mushy texture.  I think it'll look cool   in the water,  but I think it's too soft,  so I'm layering it   with some latex  to give it some more strength.  After that, I use some yarn   for some veiny texture  and it's looking organic   and creepy,  so I'm really happy   with how it's turning out.  - Now that I have my cowl   completed,  I'm sculpting 12 fin appliances  that are gonna be flowing  and waving around in the water.  I have a lot of pieces   to apply,  and it's really important   to seal down all these edges  with a lot of Pros-Aide,   at least two layers  to make sure that no water   can creep in there,  and that will take   a lot of time.  Plus, I have a super   intricate paint job planned.  I'm definitely worried   a little bit,  but I am confident   I can beat Jordan.  ? ?  - Oh!  Now that I have my face   and cowl done,  I want to make a mane  to bring it more towards   my sea horse inspiration.  So I lay hair on the floor  and paint latex over the ends. The latex will actually   float in the water,  which will create   a really cool visual effect.  So hopefully this will give me  a little bit of an edge   over Derek, fingers crossed.  - 30 minutes, guys!  [electronic music]  ? ?  - All right, guys, that's time!  I'm nervous for   application day.  Having the underwater   element thrown into it  just makes it that   much more stressful.  I'm gonna have to take twice   the amount of time  to apply my makeup   as I normally do  'cause if my pieces   come off underwater,  I'm guaranteed not to win.  .  [electronic music]  - It's application day, and  we've got four hours in the lab  and one hour in Last Looks.  I come in and check   my foam pieces--they're great. The edges look awesome,  so this is gonna be   a pretty good application day  if I can get   these laid down nicely.  [upbeat music]  - Hello.   - What's up, man?  - It's good to see you, man.   - Yeah, dude.  - How's it going, brother?   - Man, we're gonna have  to get those down,  'cause if water gets in there--   - Yeah.  - Since my makeup is   going underwater,  the first thing I do  is completely   seal each prosthetic.  So I'm gonna have to do a lot  of prepping, so you can...  - Just chill?   - Chill and hang out.  I used Pros-Aide   and balloon latex,  and this mixture of these two  will actually keep the foam   from absorbing any water.  I haven't made anything  quite like this yet.  This prepping and sealing   is taking up a lot of time,  but at least we're all   pretty much on the same page  so we're all just gonna have   to pick it up  when it comes to painting.  - Here in a minute,  I'm gonna have to go and start gluing the quills  in on all these, like, fish spine things. You'll have, like,  fins and all that. So I start gluing   in all these quills  to the prosthetics   using five-minute epoxy.  It seems like it's   working really great.  The worst thing   that can happen in the tank  is my pieces all fall off.  Yesterday I didn't get all of   the material spray adhesive on and connected to the quills.  Every minute that I spend  getting all these pieces sealed  and applied is taking away   from my paint job.  So I have to work as fast as I   possibly can and get painting.  - I have painted nothing.  We're about two hours in,  and everybody's   just barely starting to apply.  - Is this also sealing for,  like, waterproofing? - This is the waterproofing.   - Okay.  - So, like, go ham.  I'm very behind,   so my wonderful model,  Christoff, is basically doing   all my sealing,  and I'm taking up   my latex hair fins  from the floor   and cutting them into shape.  All the while   my little worker bee  is taking care of business   at the fort.  Just let that go and you can put  one on the cowl, thank you. - There we go. - That's showing  a little bit there.  I'm gluing down the chest piece  and it's just not working right. There's a big, gaping hole.  I don't think  it's letting it stick.  I don't know why   it's not gluing down.  I've really got to glue every   inch of the prosthetic down  'cause I don't want any water   to get underneath  and into the foam.  This chest piece has to work.  I don't have anything else as   far as wardrobe to put on her.  It's very frustrating.  I need to figure it out fast,   so I use these extra pieces  that I have to cover that   and use it as a blender.  It ends up working well,   so I'm glad  I made these extra pieces.  Yeah, that's a lot better. ? ?  - Just got to get this  base coat laid down  so I can start airbrushing.  That's when it's really  gonna start coming together.  So for this character,   I want him to resemble  a lot of those   deep sea creatures  that don't see   a whole lot of light,  so they're all very pale,  some of them   are very translucent.  Yeah, I've got a lot of,  like, black, like,  darker designs and stuff  that I'm gonna throw into it.  I'm doing   different circle patterns  from the back of the creature   and moving it forward  just to really have that  underlying vein structure to it. It's looking sweet.  It makes him   look strong and scary.  I feel like it's really   gonna read well underwater  as well as on land.  ? ?  - I'm gonna do these spots, and then  we're gonna get ready. For the patterning that I want   to do on my sea lion,  I'm starting with blue spots   all over  and fading them into   a lighter color in the middle. It just gives a really cool,   layered effect.  Lean forward again. Yep, yep. So far this is looking like   one of my better paint jobs  and I'm really proud of it.  Oh, my hand is hurting.  ? ?  - Looking over across the lab,   I notice Walter's  got a lot of paint going on   and I'm thinking,  "I can beat that."  And I just start airbrushing   like crazy all over.  I'm integrating   a lot of iridescent colors,  a lot of blues to make it   really aquatic.  Just trying to bring out   all that color and beauty  without having to rely   on fabrics and flowing things.  I think it's gonna give me   the advantage  I need to get over on Walter.  This is the first coat.   - [laughing]  - Got to go on  some more colors. ? ?  - This is the fastest   four hours ever.  I got to bust ass here.  My biggest challenge today   is this huge,  vast body paint   that I have planned.  There's gonna be a lot of   little details  and a lot of patterning.  I'm starting to get a little bit  worried that I won't be able  to finish it and put my full   vision out there,  so I really have to paint faster  than I ever have before.  ? ?  - Gold picks up on black  really well. - Yeah.  - So I want to have, like, the black going  a little further. I want my sea horse   to be colorful,  sort of like a tropical fish.  Like, right now you're just,  like, a straight bee. - [buzzing]  - And as I'm putting   my yellow over my black,  Mr. Westmore's words   are ringing in my ears,  and I realize, "[bleep],  "I've painted this   in the opposite order  that I was supposed to."  When I put the yellow over the black it looks  like a green kind of. I just, like, wasn't thinking.  Now it's turning sort of green,  and I don't know   if it's gonna catch the gold  because you need the black   for the gold  to pick up on top of it.  So I'm in a tough spot   right now.  All right, I think I really have to pack this up now.  - We got 15 minutes, guys.  [electronic music]  ? ?  - That's time!  - I still got a lot to do.  - All right.  Derek's looks really beautiful,  which is not great for me  considering   he's my battle partner.  There's only a super slim   chance of me winning this.  I'm just hoping to fix   some of this paint  so I don't embarrass   myself too much.  .  [dramatic music]  - Heading into Last Looks   I step back  and think about my paint job.  I know how to fix this. I have a plan.  I have to put stark black   over it to make it gold again. It's not gonna make this   a top look,  but it is gonna stop this   from being  the most embarrassing makeup.  ? ?  - I still have at least two   hours' worth of painting to do  and only an hour to do it in,  so I have to skip over key   components of this paint job  just to make it   look somewhat completed,  and I have no choice but   to make do with what I have.  Ah! ? ?  - Gonna glue down  around your mouth. I've got to get the teeth in,  so I grab a little bit of glue,  put it on the backs   of my teeth,  then start popping them   in individually.  They seem to be   holding up pretty well,  but it's hard to tell how   they're gonna go in the water, so this is nerve-wracking.  - Spin.   This is one of  the coolest   paint jobs I've ever done,  and I really want it   to stand out even more,  so I paint gloss   all over my entire makeup,  and it's looking pretty good.  I think it'd be hard   for Matt to beat me.  Spin this way.  ? ?  - My makeup needs to   withstand that water  and not cloud up the tank,  so I cover him head to toe   with Kryolan setting spray,  and there's no way this paint's   coming off on me.  Ha ha ha!   - [laughing]  - 10 minutes, guys!  ? ?  - Time! - Yeah, that looks cool.  - Like three colors   of paint shy.  I'm most disappointed that   I didn't get enough time  to finish this paint job.   It looks sick, dude.  - Thanks, man.   - Jordan's is looking amazing  and I'm pretty sure he's already  got this in the bag.  [laughter]  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - Good evening, everyone.  Welcome to the "Face Off"   reveal stage.  Please say hello to our   phenomenal series judges.  Owner of Alchemy   Studios, Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   - Good evening, Glenn.  - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning   makeup artist Ve Neill.  - Hello again, everyone.   - Hey, Ve.  - And of course creature and   concept designer Neville Page.  - Hello.   all: Hey, Neville.  - All right, let's get to it.  For your Spotlight Challenge,  we asked you to each select  a unique illustration found  on a 16th Century map  and use it to inspire   an original sea monster.  And in an added twist,   we told you  that your makeups would   also need to be waterproof.  Let's take a look   at your creations  before they take a plunge   in our water tank.  Mel and Derek,   you're our first battle.  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - It's pretty brutal   seeing him out there.  We were supposed to make   a sea monster  and my creature   could be a Beanie Baby.  ? ?  - It looks cool on stage.  Hopefully it flows   really well in the water  and it just makes it   that much cooler.  ? ?  - Man, I'm so   proud of this one.  I love that paint job.  I really feel like I knocked   this one out of the park.  ? ?  - My sea monster is amazing.  It's exactly what I envisioned.  If I can win this,   I can make a statement  that "I beat you.   I beat you."  ? ?  - He's really selling   this character a lot.  It's looking exactly   how I wanted it to,  and I'm super   pumped about it.  I'm really thinking that   this could be my chance  to win a challenge.  ? ?  - My sea creature's definitely  not contrasted enough.  The paint's only a third   of the way done  and had I had time to finish it, I would've been much more happy   with this makeup.  ? ?  - All right guys, it's time  to put your makeups to the test  by submerging them   in our water tank.  Judges, go ahead   and take a closer look.  ? ?  - The fin moves   really beautifully.  It just kind of floats   back and forth.  - Those shoulder fins are  a really beautiful detail,  too, especially  how the light's hitting them.  - The color saturation   is perfect on this one.  - Mm-hmm.  - So beautiful.   - It's fantastic.  I like the way   the chest moves.  - The paint work's  even better underwater.  The tiny little details  that he managed  in the black pop so much better. - This is really a risky one  to do, a giant nose like that.  - Mm-hmm,  it can get goofy so easy, but instead this   is really scary.  - Wow this looks so cool.  - Yeah, the color palate looks  so good underwater.  - It does.   He's done so much rendering  and sculpting  just with an airbrush.  - Really, really   smart decision making.  - The profile of this thing  is so fantastic.  - He's really scary looking.  - I like the fact that   that pink ring  around the face   is now desaturated.  It seems to help it.  - But still, the way the colors   work against the sculpture  is just as bad   in the water as it is out.  - Oh, wow, his fin's   coming off now.  And so is all the paint.   - It's not holding up at all.  - It's falling apart.  One by one his quills   and fins start breaking free.  - He's losing a lot of his stuff  underwater  and this is what this challenge   is all about.  - This isn't good.  I'm probably   gonna be a bottom look.  - All right, guys, it's time   to get on Twitter and tell us  who you think won   tonight's battles using  #FaceOff.  .  - Oh, the whole thing came off.  - He's losing a lot of   his stuff underwater.  It's just sort of falling off.  - It's definitely a bummer that   I'm losing some pieces  in the water, and had I had   time to finish it,  I would've been much more happy   with this makeup.  - It's a shame, the face shapes  are actually quite beautiful.  - The face shapes are   pretty attractive,  but it's the texturing  and the paintwork,  and the details on the face  that I don't care for.  - The breastbone and chest looks  exquisite underwater, and I love the way her tendrils  are just floating.  - I kind of like the dynamic   of that head dorsal fin too.  - Love that fin. - I like this   a lot better underwater.  - The face,   it's gotten worse for me.  - It has, because it ups   the contrast.  The water's actually   making it worse.  - Yeah, the most effective part   is the mane.  - Mm-mm.  - Bye, bye.  - All right, the judges   have chosen the winners  and losers of each battle.  Let's find out   who came out on top.  In battle number one,   Mel versus Derek,  the winner is Derek.  - [unintelligible]   - Thanks.  - In battle number two,   Walter vs. Matt,  the winner is...  Matt.  [applause]  And finally, in battle   number three,  Jordan versus Damien,   the winner is...  Jordan.  [applause]  Congratulations to all   of the victors.  Now the judges would like   to speak with some of you  to find out more about   your work.  Matt, you're up first.  [dramatic music]  - Hey, Matt.   - Hi, Glenn.  - Tell us about   your sea monster.  - Well, I had this   really odd-looking character.  It had a very prolonged snout,   so I wanted to go  with some Kaiju influence,  Godzilla textures   and bone protrusions.  - It is absolutely phenomenal.  That head shape   is just gorgeous.  What I really have to applaud   is your ability to balance  that shape, which so easily   gets goofy,  with all the shapes   in the forehead  and the back of the neck.  This is probably   my favorite shark head thing  I've ever seen, period.  - Thank you so much.   - My favorite part on  this makeup was this chest.  When he was moving in the water,  that chest plate moved in  and out like it was breathing. It was really cool looking.  Nice job this week, honey.  - Thank you.  - The side view   is just so perfect.  You're done a magnificent job, and all the way to the point   of the shoulder details.  It's shell-like, it's fin-like,   really sublime.  - Thank you.   - Matt, thank you so much.  If you'd please head back.  ? ?  - Good job, man.  - Mel, please step up.  ? ?  - Hi, Mel.   - Hello.  - Please tell us   about your sea monster.  - So I got literal sea horse.  I was thinking   more like the fish,  but I wanted to keep   the more animal mouth  and the fish structure   and profile.  - This is just so bizarre to me. It's almost Day-Glo.  I don't think I've ever seen   a fish, or a sea horse,  or anything aquatic resemble   this character,  and it just throws me   for a loop.  This was not a success   for me this week, dear.  - The union of the body   in this character  is where it starts   to fall apart for me.  The way you treated   the sculpture  didn't feel terrestrial,   it didn't feel mythological.  It starts to feel very alien,  and it takes you way   out of the challenge.  - If you're going to just   go full-blown sea horse  then you should've really  embraced the trumpet style nose, and it's all   very much exacerbated  by some disastrous   paint decisions.  When you work   with really dark colors  you have to be very, very,  very specific   to pop those shapes.  - Mel, thank you so much,   please head back.  - Thank you.  ? ?  - Jordan, you're up.  ? ?  - Jordan, tell us   about your sea monster.  - The sea monster that I had, it had a very elongated head shape. When I think about sea creatures or sea monsters   I think of angler fish,  so I wanted   to go in a route like that.  - Well, you achieved   that very thing.  It is so well-crafted   and so well-conceived.  It gives us this cornucopia   of forms and shapes,  and things to look at that   are very controlled,  and very purposeful.  And as a consequence, very,   very believable.  - Thank you.  - This is an absolutely   killer embellishment  of that wood cut style.  You were able to create that   nostril area of the creature  so perfectly to give him   that killer profile,  and the makeup worked   well underwater.  I think you really,   really killed this challenge.  - Thank you very much.  - Your monster was   absolutely gorgeous.  When he turned sideways,  and when he was   swimming around in there  with that fin and everything  it just gave me   the goose bumps.  This thing could just walk   right onto a movie set.  - Thank you.   - Awesome.  - Thank you.   - Jordan, thank you so much.  You can head back.  - Thank you, guys.  - Good job, Jordan.   - Thanks, guys.  Thank you.  - Damien, please come forward.  ? ?  - Hey, Damien.   - Hey.  - Tell us about   your sea monster.  - The sea monster that I had,  had a really elongated snout,   so rather  than bringing   that snout out I wanted  to just bring it more angular,   and it also had  a lot of dragon frill coming   out from behind it,  so I went literal with that.  Kind of got away from me   a little bit this week.  - I'd have to agree with you.  The paint job fights the   sculpture, it doesn't help it.  It's being battled by the way   you applied the color.  Then on top of all that,  a lot of your components   failed, they fell off.  The fin around the face   was doubling over on itself  and folding over his eyes.  So you had a lot of problems   in the water this week.  - Mm-hmm.   - What I can't figure out is  why you thought that starting   with a turquoise blue color  was gonna be a good idea   for a sea monster.  It's just so stark  against black lightning stripes  on this guy's body.  And the peach around the face   really threw me for a loop.  - This paint job sucks.   - This paint job sucks.  There, you said it.  That for me is the most   problematic part  of this makeup is the paint job. - I completely agree.  - The pink tissue  that's around the face  feels anonymous and unresolved.  If you chose to make   that something specific  such as a gill,  you would've then been able   to figure out  what it does and resolve it   in such a way  that it isn't this   confusing thing.  It's just not done.  - Yeah.  - Damien, thank you,   you can head back.  - Thanks, guys.  - All right, please head back   to the makeup room  while the judges deliberate.  - Thank you.  - All right, judges, we saw some incredible work here tonight,  so why don't we start with  the looks you liked the most.  Let's begin with Matt.  - That was really one of   the finest sculptures  and designs I've seen.  Around the eyes,   and that profile  at the front in particular,   it was absolutely spectacular.  - He allowed that pointed nose   to drive  what he was going to do,   and that was incredibly risky, but man, it is fantastic  when you see it in the water.  - I thought the paint   work was really great,  and I did like the way   the stenciled  airbrushing read in the water. It read great out  of the water as well. - All right, let's talk  about Jordan's work.  - Oh, I love this makeup.  That thing could've stepped   right onto a horror movie.  The black and white   was just perfect,  and in the tank   it was spectacular.  - The shapes were phenomenal  and I think  it was particularly well-suited  for his skill set,  even though it  is a mask technique,  this is where you use that,  where you create a nasal region  on your creature  that allows the person   to see as well as they can,  and the mouth was nice   and wide open,  the performer  could blow bubbles very easily.  - It was the best match   to the mythos provided.  - Yeah.   - All right, let's move on  to the makeups that weren't  as successful this week.  Let's start with Mel.   - Oh, poor Mel.  That choice to go so black   and so dark  with it got away from her.  - There's no boundaries between   the light and dark shades.  There's no transitions.   It's a real mess.  - If you were to just put that  out in front of anyone and say, "What do you think   this challenge is about?"  You'd never guess,  and that's a huge problem. - And finally, let's talk  about Damien.  - There really wasn't much  of his chosen image   in the makeup.  It felt confused.  - It's the same blue paint job   as two other people,  and not done as well.  - The placement of the membranes  on the arms and the legs,  they're just pasted on,  and subsequently fell off   in the water.  Color aside, shape aside,  that's a huge problem   in this challenge.  - All right, judges,  have you made your decision?  - Yes.   - We have.  - Let's bring them back out.  [dramatic music]  ? ?  Glenn, who is the winner   of tonight's challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  ? ?  McKenzie: The winner of   "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip  from Kryolan Professional   Makeup  to one of their 85   international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  - Glenn, who is the winner   of tonight's challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  ? ?  Jordan.  [applause]  Leveraging the angler   fish anatomy did  so much to enhance both   your model's body  as well as your   sculptural decisions.  Absolutely killer makeup.  - Thank you.   I finally got my challenge win  and it couldn't have been   with a cooler character.  I was just super happy   to work on this challenge  and to walk away   with a win is awesome.  - Jordan, congratulations,   you have won the help  of an industry expert   in next week's challenge.  All right everyone,   why don't you all go home  and get some rest before   your next battle, goodnight.  - Goodnight, thank you.   all: Thank you.  - I'm feeling   disappointed in myself.  I know that I'm capable  of doing better work than this.  I have to step it up.   I don't want to get this close to the finale   and fall by the wayside  and have that regret.  McKenzie:   Next time on "Face Off"...  Welcome to the semi-finals.   - Oh!  - This is do or die, this is it. - It's not cured enough   to open and clean out.  It's gonna be tough   to get into that finale.  - I feel like I'm not in here   with you,  you're in here with me.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 