Face Off: Season 13, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Face Off 
 s13e2 - Moonlight Monsters - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Face Off (2011–…): Season 13, Episode 2 - Moonlight Monsters - full transcript 
 In the first elimination challenge this season, the artists have to create fun and lighthearted monsters inspired by real life day jobs. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  .  McKenzie: Previously   on "Face Off: Battle Royale"  the artists battled   head to head--  - It's on.  McKenzie: To create horrific   fairy tale characters.  - Whoo!   This is such high stress.  - It could be anybody's game.  McKenzie: Kelly's makeup wowed the judges for the overall win,  but the defeated artists   are in danger of going home  in tonight's   elimination challenge.  Remember when you were afraid   of monsters under the bed?  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I can't afford   to be the battle loser.  - I literally have nothing.  - This is "Face Off:   Battle Royale."  all: Whoo!  [exciting music]  ? ?  ? ?  - Ooh, wow.  - What?   - Ew.  - This room is pink.  There are fluffy   toys everywhere.  Looks like a little girl   might live in this room.  It's a little bit terrifying. - [bleep].   - Good morning, everybody.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Do you remember   when you were a kid  and you were afraid   of monsters under the bed?  - Yes.   - Well, films like  "Little Monsters"   and "Monsters, Inc."  have taken the idea  of scary monsters under the bed  and completely turned it   on its head,  featuring whimsical monsters   with day jobs  in a world a lot like our own,  so for this week's  Spotlight Challenge each of you  will chose an everyday   occupation and create the fun,  lighthearted monster   who carries out  that job in the monster world.  - I like that.   - That's cool.  - Monsters.   Okay, I can do that.  - Now, in the spirit   of the challenge,  there are various objects   under the bed  that represent your day jobs.  - Oh, my God.   - Oh, man.  - Now, there are two of each,   so when you choose one,  don't forget you're also   choosing your battle partner.  So we have a coffee pot that   represents a diner waitress,  a fireman's hat   for a firefighter,  a hair dryer for a hairdresser,  a badge for a police officer,  a gavel for a judge,  and some dental models   representing a dentist.  - Okay.   - Now, when I call your names  come on over and choose an item  from under the bed. Jordan, you're first.  ? ?  [laughter]  [clacks dentures]  ? ?  - Ooh.  - [hisses]  - I got it.  - There's so much   to choose from.  - Decaf?   - Cheers.  - Now, before you get started,   there's just one more thing.  - Of course there is.   - Of course.  - A good monster still needs  to be able to scare on command,  so you must incorporate  a physical gag   into your makeup  that transforms your monster  from lighthearted   to terrifying.  - Oh.   - Ah.  Gags are tough.  They require prototypes   and troubleshooting.  It's just gonna take   a lot of time,  and that's what's concerning me. - All right, now, we do have one  last order of business. Kelly, you won   the last challenge  and received the help   of an expert today.  Well, your expert is perfect   for this challenge.  His first professional job  was with the makeup department   on the TV show "Munsters."  Since then he's made monsters  for films like "Goosebumps," "Zombieland,"  and "Star Trek: Into Darkness,"  and along the way   he's won two Emmy awards.  Please welcome Jamie Kelman.  [applause]  - I'm super excited   to work with Jamie.  It's like having a coach again,  except this guy gets to get   his hands dirty with me,  so this is gonna be sweet.  - Hey. Thank you so much  for being here. - Thank you.   Thank you.  I'm very happy to be here,   make some monsters.  - Yeah. All right,   let's get to it.  You want to go join Kelly,   then, please?  - All right. Nice to meet you.   - So good to meet you.  - All right, guys,   it's time to get started,  and as a reminder,  this is a double   elimination challenge,  so make sure that you   pull out all the stops.  Good luck, guys.  ? ?  - I'm super excited   to work with Jamie.  With this cutthroat battle   against Kevon,  it's a great advantage,  and I got to use it right.  I'm thinking of going  with a kind of bat monster. My concept is--  [low, scratchy voice]   Her name is Mabel,  and she works night shift   at the cafe.  She'll tell you great stories,   but you cross her, and--  [babbles]  - Don't forget they want her to  go from whimsical to menacing.  - The biggest thing   that Jamie is pushing for me  is my monster   has to have character.  - Maybe she has a hairstyle   that this ties into  so that it's not  just, like, a beard.  - The gag is that   she pulls down her beard,  and it reveals this nasty,  lumpy lips underneath and,  like, a big, old tongue.  Gosh, I'm so pumped up. - Two heads are better than one.  - You know?  ? ?  - How's your idea looking?  Do you have [indistinct] style?  - Yeah.   - Yeah.  - This challenge I get   to go up against Damien.  We actually wanted to go   against each other  just for some   friendly competition.  This way we can   have fun with it.  My monster's a judge,  and since judges   wear these powder wigs,  I'm thinking it's made   out of brains,  and I want its eyes   to sort of bulge out.  Yeah, so I'm gonna try  to make it so the eyes go--[rolls tongue] It should be   pretty disturbing.  That big mouth, like--   - [laughs]  - I got the firefighter.  The first thing I was thinking  about was a fire hydrant  and then went to metal,  and so I'm going to be   doing a man made of metal.  For the gag I'd really like   to do something  where the jaw drops   or comes off,  and that's going to be   a big mouth of some sort,  something to really   scare the kids.  How's it going?   - Getting there.  I'm still working  on the face design. - Oh, yeah.  I'm really nervous   to battle Derek  because I feel like he's one   of the strongest artists  in this competition.  - My concept for my monster is this big, blue, grumpy fireman,  and then my gag is gonna be   his chin's gonna open up,  and there's gonna be   all this gore  and teeth and fangs inside.  It needs to kind of be   from the bottom up  with the big, open mouth.  - Good luck, brother.   - Thanks, man, you too.  ? ?  - My profession is hairdresser,   and I am battling Yvonne.  I know that she is   very good at makeup,  so I really need to do well,  but I just cannot come up   with anything at all.  I can't worry about the gag   until I have a good concept.  ? ?  - I selected the cop   because I think  I can come up with something   that can be both fun  and lighthearted   and also terrifying,  so I want to do a rabbit cop.  The gag is a cute   bunny rabbit hops out,  and he takes his hat off,  and he's terrifying   underneath his cop uniform.  - My concept is a four-armed   waitress squid, and the gag  is a terrifying face revealed   on the back of her head.  I'm going up against   Kelly this round,  and she's making   tremendous progress  'cause, well, you got Kelly   sculpting something,  and then you got Jamie Kelman   sculpting something,  so I have no choice   but to move very fast.  ? ?  - My concept   for my police officer  is that   he's a mall security guard.  He's a really big dude,  and I want to make this   a rhino-inspired makeup.  For my gag I'm thinking   of making these two flaps  that snap down and expose   something scary underneath.  - So for my dentist I just   want to make a giant, wacky,  pearly-white smile creature   with big,  floppy ears and a little,  pink hairdo that might have   possibly kidnapped  the real dentist   and taken his place.  For my gag I'd love to have   a rolled-up tongue  that flops out   and flops around  whenever he opens his mouth.  I'm really liking where   this sculpt is going.  ? ?  - I just don't want   your overlap--  - Yeah, I was thinking that.  - And underlap to not  harmoniously tie together, of course. - It's really cool   to have Jamie in the lab.  I'm blocking out the face,  and he's making these bat ears and blocking out these huge,   nasty lips,  and I'm really liking the way   that this is going.  I love her. I love her.   - Yeah, it's coming along.  - But unfortunately,   our time must end.  - Okay.   - Good luck.  - You have a--thank you.  - Good luck to all you  crazy kids making monsters.  - Thank you.   - Good luck.  - Thank you.  - My mind is blank right now,  and I can't draw anything.  - How's your concept coming?   - I have none.  If I can't come up   with a concept for my makeup,  then I can't even compete.  - So what were you  thinking originally?  - I've had so many ideas,  and they're all so bad. I have nothing.  I'll figure it out.  I was just getting some ideas.  Two people are going home,  and if I can't come up   with a concept,  then I don't have a chance here. .  - My mind is blank right now,  and I just cannot come up   with anything at all.  I have nothing.  I'm feeling like   I can't even compete.  - You have a face,  and you have clay,  and you have  a really good brain. - I really have no choice.  I just have to pick something   and go with it.  - You're so talented, dude.  Don't psych yourself out.  You could always start   looking at reference books.  - Yeah, maybe.   - You got this.  Come on.  Just go for it.  - So I start looking   at some reference photos,  and the idea of a insect monster  sounds really cool to me.  She's gonna open up her head,  and there's gonna be   a mouth inside,  and I think that'll   be kind of creepy.  I have renewed energy,  and I'm ready   to start sculpting.  [electronic music]  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.   - Hi.  - Hey.   - Hello.  - I have a cafe waitress.   - Uh-huh.  - What I want the gag to be  is I want her to turn around and have this mouth  and these eyes open   on the back of the head.  So do you think  I should avoid pointed teeth on this to keep it friendly? - Yes, 'cause it'd really be   interesting  to have him actually start  this way and then turn around.  - Okay.  - What character did you select? - The dentist,  so he has blue toothpaste   splattered all over him.  He's got teeth protruding,  and he's, like, gum pink. - This, to me,  looks very human with this  stuck on the end of it.  If you raise the nose up a bit,  it'll become more  of a character.  - So I got the dentist. For my gag there's gonna   be a silicone tongue  rolled up inside of it.  - Now, how's that   gonna be released?  - I'm either gonna use  a CO2 cartridge, or it's going  to be blown through. - Blowing it would probably   be better than the CO2.  - Yeah. - Because with that  it's like oop, it doesn't work.  - Yeah. - If he could control it,  it's gonna happen like that.  - Right. - I am making a police officer.   - Okay.  Your mouth is just a nonspecific human pair of lips,  so I think you need  to change this a little bit,  and all your lines here,  you want to drag it  all down with gravity.  - Okay.   - She is a hairdresser.  - Okay.   - The idea is that  I'm gonna sculpt   a mouthpiece separately,  and then I will be able   to lift up the cowl  and stick the mouth   inside underneath,  but I'm having a hard time   figuring out my shapes  because I want it  to be bug-like. - If you want it  to be bug-like,  you're gonna need planes to it.  Square it off.  - 'Kay.   - And then square it off.  - Okay.  - So then it takes it away  from looking like-  - Sure, to--yeah.   - A floppy ear, yeah, yeah.  - Okay, I see   what you're saying.  - Yeah.  - So I got the fireman.   - Mm-hmm.  - It's kind of like   a robot creature,  and I'm gonna be doing   a drop jaw gag.  - Don't be afraid  to make this thick enough.  This is all pretty close  to the head.  - Okay.  - So if you need more thickness  to make your gag work,  thicken it up.  - That's a great idea.   - Bye, everybody. Good luck.  - Thank you.   - Bye.  - Bye.  ? ?  - I'm very worried.  I'm making a rabbit,   not really a monster,  but it's lighthearted and fun   and also terrifying,  and I have the gag,   so I hope the judges agree  that I'm fitting the challenge.  The face is done,   so it's time to mold it.  I'm still uneasy   about my concept,  but hopefully it works out   and I can squeak by this one.  - One hour, everybody.  ? ?  - That's time, everyone.  [all cheering]  - All right.  The first thing I need to do is   open up my mold, clean it out,  and get my latex pulled.  For his regular teeth, I don't  want them to be regular-- like goofy, nothing scary.   - Yeah.  - And then it's gonna split  right here. - That's cool, man.  - Now I have to start   making my gag,  so I sculpt the inside   of the mouth  down the model's chin,  and the cowl is gonna   go over that.  It'll split open   into two pieces,  and it's gonna reveal   this terrifying monster.  I'm really liking   how it's coming out.  - Man, so cool.   - Thanks, man.  - It's time to start   working on my gag.  So my initial idea was to have  this rolled-up, hollow, silicone tongue that can fit   inside the mouth,  and the actor can just blow it   out like a party whistle,  so I grab a board   and a wooden dowel  and start sculpting my tongue.  I want it to be real warty   and nasty-looking,  just to have the inside  of the mouth be really realistic and disgusting-looking  while the outside's cartoony   and lighthearted.  I'm nervous about   making the gag work  just because I've got to do   a lot of pre-painting  before I can even apply it   to the model,  so I've only got one shot,  and if it doesn't   turn out right,  it could mean the difference   between a win and a lose.  - For my firefighter   I vacuform over the jaw piece.  I want it to be   completely hollow  so that the actor can remove it, and everything is underneath   for the scare,  so I try a pull method,  which is one large tube   with a smaller tube inside,  and then you can just slide   the jaw through up and down,  but unfortunately,  I'm having a really hard time   getting it to work.  I can't push these tubes   to the face  and get a nice, clean slide,  so I have to scrap that idea.  The gag is a big part   of this challenge,  and right now I don't even know  if my jaw piece   is gonna work out.  The metal up against the face,  since I can't build, like,   a whole frame--  - Yeah, that's true.  - I don't have   the time for that.  I've tested it a ton,   but nothing's worked out,  and I'm really, really nervous.  It's two in a row   if I'm bottom this time.  I could go home.  Eh. .  - The metal up against the face,  since I can't build, like,  a whole frame--   - Yeah, that's true.  - I don't have   the time for that.  For my gag I tried a pull method so that I could   pull this jaw down,  but unfortunately,   I have to scrap that idea,  so I'm gonna do   a magnet reveal,  so there will be two magnets,  and I'll be able   just to pull this jaw off,  and there will be   these gnarly teeth underneath,  so I'm hoping   that my vacuform jaw  is lightweight enough so that   I won't have any problems.  ? ?  - I got to start making   my big, bulging eyes.  The gag is that bladders   are pushing these eyeballs  out of the prosthetic   giving my character bug eyes.  The process of making a bladder  is stippling layers of latex   over and over,  creating a tiny cavity,   and then connecting a tube.  Look. - Aw, dude, it's awesome.  - 30 minutes, everyone.  - Time is running out,  and I need   to run four squid-like hands  as fast as I can in slip latex  and poly foam.  To stay on track,   all that has to be done today.  - All right, guys, that's time.   - Oh, no.  Kelly won the last challenge  and had professional help   this round.  I can't afford to be   the battle loser this time,  so last thing I want,   day three, is more lab work.  I need to apply.   I need to paint,  and I need to finish the gag,  so tomorrow is going to be   a very high-stress day.  ? ?  - Whoo!   - Gremlin hands.  - The edges are dope.   - That's pretty.  - Jordan, nice to meet you.   - What's up, man?  - You're a hairdresser monster.   - Oh, my God.  - I've got a lot to do,   so my plan  is to apply my cowl   and my face.  You want to push that guy  into place?  Glue the ears to the hat  and then start applying hair   to his chin.  I hope I can get it   all done in time.  - I'm just gonna cut this,  so get it ready. I'm feeling extremely nervous.  The foam isn't great.  There's some areas   that collapsed.  My seaming   is pretty bad as well.  I haven't even started   to apply yet,  but I'm just going as fast   as I can, trying to save this.  - Yeah, I'm gonna put   little magnets right here.  It'll be easy for you   to just kind of  pull it and then click it   back if you need to.  To keep this mouth   closed for my gag,  I decide to use some magnets.  No, let's try something else.   But they're not sticking.  They're not working the way   I thought they would.  Yeah, this is gonna work. I'm behind, but this is  a important piece   of my whole design,  so I have to make sure   it works.  - For colors I am using   the palette of a dentist,  the whites and the pinks.  Let me just get your left side.  I start with a base coat   of PAX paint,  and then I go in   with a lighter pink  for all the highlights   and the darker purples  and darker reds.  - You just brushed the dry blood  in there?  - Yeah.  - That looks cool, man.   - Everything's going great.  He's very cartoony   and vibrant-looking,  but I'm battling Jordan,  and his monster's   looking really awesome,  so I've got to bring my A-game.  - The idea is that with magnets  you're gonna be able to just go, and it will show that part.  I've never really done   a gag like this,  and the magnets are tough  because the hot glue gun  has a metal tip   that sticks to the magnets,  so I'm having to pipe   the hot glue  onto a popsicle stick  and then put it on the magnet, so it's a little bit   of troubleshooting,  but it's coming together.  I keep thinking about   the 8 million ways  I could have done this easier.  - You have all these jagged   teeth that I'm placing in.  I'm having a really hard time  getting the teeth   to stick down right here.  I don't think   I can make it work,  so it really throws off   this idea  that I have a mouthful of metal   underneath this jaw piece.  Let's see if this works. It's not what I wanted,   but I have to stick with it.  - Pull it straight up.   I get the mechanical skull  for the second face   into the back of this cowl,  but time is almost up,   and I realize  that I have spent damn near  all of my application   time working on this gag.  Oh, God, what else.  Somehow I get all her arms   attached, her hands attached,  and a pink base layer,   but I need to do a lot  to make this aesthetically  to the level it needs to be at.  - We got 15 minutes, guys.  ? ?  - That's time, guys.  Holy [bleep].  - Time's up, and I'm still   pre-painting it,  so I don't have anything   applied to my model.  In addition, I haven't   really had a chance  to work out my gag yet.  It's nerve-racking just   because I need everything  to go according to plan   in Last Looks  if I want any chance  of winning my battle   against Matt.  [all chattering]  - I'm freaking out a bit.  I got to paint the mouth,   get this hair on there,  and finish the face paint job. This character has got   to stand out.  - I've got a lot to do   in this one hour.  I need to apply   my entire makeup  plus work out my gag.  But the tongue doesn't quite fit  the way that I anticipated,  so I'm gonna need   to hang it out the side.  I'm just hoping   that the silliness  of the tongue flopping around  will be enough   to please the judges.  - It feels like the hour's   going by in five minutes,  and I'm trying to get her   other hand on,  get her wardrobe on,   get her eyes in.  I'm still trying to figure out  this paint job.  It's all just a blur.  - I'm painting him red   to really show the inspiration  from the fire truck,   but it's drowning out  all that metal   that I painted underneath,  so it's not reading as well   as I'd like it to.  - 15 minutes.  ? ?  - That's time, guys.  - [laughs]  - It's still a full creature.  At least you didn't do a robot   for a monster challenge.  This isn't what I've envisioned. This isn't how I saw it.  I don't feel like it meets   the challenge.  I can feel the judges   yelling at me already.  .  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  - Good evening, everyone.  Welcome to the "Face Off"   Reveal Stage.  Tonight, two of you   will be eliminated.  Now, before we get to business,   please say hello  to our amazing series judges,  owner of Alchemy Studios,   Mr. Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   - Good evening.  - Hi, Glenn.   - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning  makeup artist Ms. Ve Neill.  - Hi, everybody.   - Hey.  - Hey.   - And of course,  creature and concept   designer Mr. Neville Page.  - Hello, everyone.   - Hello, Neville.  - All right, let's get to it.  For your Spotlight Challenge  we asked you to choose   an everyday occupation  and use it to inspire a fun,  lighthearted monster   that carries out  that job in the monster world,  and in an added twist we asked  that you also incorporate   a physical gag  that would transform   your friendly monster  into a terrifying figure,  so let's take a look   at your monstrous creations.  Jordan and Matt,   you are our first battle.  ? ?  - Even though my gag   doesn't really work,  I'm loving the way   that it looks.  The big, nasty teeth   are a great focal point.  It just really brings   the character together.  ? ?  - The colors are great.   The gag is there.  Blood just spurts   like a root canal,  so I believe I've got a really   great chance to win this.  ? ?  - The whole package   could be a lot better.  I Just wish it was bigger,   louder, more climactic.  ? ?  - It's fun, but I'm looking   at my paint job on the face,  and it's not my best work.  ? ?  - I'm concerned the judges  are going to think   it's painted too dark,  so I'm pretty nervous   at this point.  - He opens up his mouth,  and all that slime   and goo just looked perfect.  Hopefully the judges   get that effect and like it.  ? ?  - He's got this long,   gross strand of slime.  I'm really happy.   The gag works fantastic.  - I want to beat Damien, but  he got a lot more time to paint  than I did,  so hopefully they dig my gag   and the character.  ? ?  - I'm feeling really good   about my makeup,  and no dreads fell off,   so that's a huge bonus.  - My model goes to   pull her mohawk up,  and it just looks like   a black hole.  This makes me nervous.  ? ?  - It looks really cool,   really fun,  and then he pulls that hat off,  and he looks so scary   and terrifying,  and it looks great.  - I think the gag worked out   better than I anticipated,  but I don't know  if it's enough to win my battle. - Okay, judges, go ahead   and take  a closer look   at these magnificent monsters.  ? ?  - Nice and shiny.   - So much better that way.  - Really contrasting colors  which made it feel  appropriately childlike. Lift your cap off for us.  - Oh.   - Now we're talking.  - It's a beautiful pink  paint job.  I got to give him that.  This part is pretty fun  and silly.  - I think that the paint job   could have been  a little bit more defining  in terms of the two  different characters.  - I don't understand the choice  for the structure   of the sculpture.  - It's really simplistic.  - This feels confused.  - Hold that thing open.  - I think it's one of   the more successful reveals.  - Yeah, I like this one.  - It lines up really nicely.   - It does.  - Can we see it  without the face on?  - I love the reveal, but I don't  like the green paint.  It's muddy and gray.  - Can you reveal your dark side? - It does go   from bad to worse,  I'll give it that.  - Thank you.  - Okay, the judges have chosen   the winners  and losers of each battle.  Let's find out   who came out on top.  In battle number one,   Jordan versus Matt,  the winner is...  ? ?  All right, guys, it's time   to get on Twitter  and tell us who made your   favorite whimsical monster  using #faceoff.  .  - Okay, the judges   have chosen the winners  and losers of each battle.  Let's find out   who came out on top.  In battle number one,   Jordan versus Matt,  the winner is Jordan.  - Yeah.  - In battle number two,  Kevon versus Kelly,   the winner is Kevon.  - Ooh.  - In battle number three,  Jo versus Derek,   the winner is...  Derek.  - Thanks.  - In battle number four,  Damien versus Graham,   the winner is Damien.  - Yeah.   - Congrats.  - In battle number five,   Yvonne versus Sasha,  the winner is Yvonne.  [applause]  And finally,   in battle number six,  Walter versus Mel,  the winner is Walter.  [applause]  Congratulations   to all of our victors.  Now the judges   would like to speak  with some of you   before making their decisions.  Walter, please step forward.  - Hello, Walter.   - How's it going, guys?  - Tell us about your approach   to this challenge.  - Well, I wanted the rabbit cute  and fuzzy,  and I wanted the reveal   to be he takes his hat off,  and it's a very monster-y   feel from the nose up.  - It is exactly   what we were looking for.  Some of the paint's   absolutely gorgeous  in that profile along the side  where it transitions   from the weird,  red-purplies into the white.   Great stuff.  - Thank you very much.  - I think your reveal   was just stunning.  When he takes the hat off,   you see those furrowed,  dark brows, fantastic.  - Thank you very much.   - That grin that he has,  there's just a little bit   of menace going on already,  and the choice of doing   a small nose also lends  to his cute factor  and makes the reveal   that much more horrific.  - Walter, please step back.   - Thank you so much, Brian.  - Jo, please come forward.  ? ?  - Hello.  - Would you tell us the concept   behind your child's monster?  - When I got the firefighter,  I started thinking   about elements  that could actually fight fire  and then thought fire truck.  - For me it doesn't   work this week.  - Okay.   - Can he take his thing off?  It's really difficult  to tell what that   is supposed to be inside.  It doesn't look scary   or menacing.  - With the jaw off   it almost looks simian versus  looking like a large mouth   with metallic teeth.  - It desperately needs little   dings of silver and stuff,  and the idea,   as good as it is,  I don't think ends up   in your final product.  - Okay, thank you.   - Jo, you can step down.  - Thank you.  - Jordan, please step   to the center.  ? ?  - So tell us   about your concept.  - My wacky dentist kidnapped   a real dentist,  tied him up,   put him in the closet,  and is now taking customers. - It's ridiculous.  It's childlike. I love it.  There's some beautiful shapes.  There's some beautiful painting. It's very cartoony,  but it satisfies the challenge.   The only part of the challenge  it really didn't satisfy   is the gag.  - It's precisely like the zonky   type of shenanigans  we expected to see out   of a challenge like this,  and I think you delivered   super strong.  - Thank you.   - I love your color choices.  Those teeth are just so shiny   and so rotten at the top.  Fantastic, you did a great job,   darling.  - Thank you very much.   - Jordan, please head back.  - Thanks.  - All right,   let's talk to Sasha.  ? ?  - Tell us about your concept.   - I wanted to create a monster  that had some shapes   of an insect  and an alien that would live   in Tim Burton World.  - The gag feels   really uninspired.  ? ?  It's not well-integrated   into the fundamental design  of what you did.  - There's no payoff.   There's no monster involved,  and that is one of the main   things we wanted to see,  and I think staying away   from Tim Burton  when you have to do   light and breezy  is a much better choice.  - It comes down to the general   sculptural shape of your head.  It doesn't convey the things  that you listed   of insect, alien.  - Thank you.  - Sasha, if you'll   please head back.  Mel, please step up.  ? ?  - Would you tell us the concept   behind your monster?  - I decided to pull  from some animal influences   in the design.  It's a rhino and a cow   sort of meshed.  - I've seen a rhino.  They don't look   anything like that.  He looks scary already,  and then he pulls down his skin. It still looks like the same guy with a bunch of eyeballs   on his forehead,  so we don't have enough   of a split there.  - Thank you.  - The skin texture   that you chose,  it feels like you were using   yarn art as a technique.  It's just not the level   of quality  that I would love   to see from you in the future.  - Thank you.   - The entire kids aspect of it  is so desperately missing.  It's not appropriate   for the challenge,  is the biggest issue for me.  - Okay.   - Mel, please step back.  - Thank you.  ? ?  - All right, thank you, guys.  If you'll please head   back to the makeup room  while the judges deliberate. ? ?  All right, judges, we've got  a lot to discuss tonight.  Why don't we start with some   of your favorite makeups?  Let's begin with Walter.  - When I saw that blood  dripping down   from the side of the hat,  I went,   "Oh, this is disturbing.  This is gonna be good.   What's going on under there?"  - To hide that furled brow that   emotes this sinister, devious,  evil nature under the hat,   that's quite brilliant.  - It really showcased   competent character design.  - But the teeth were rubber.  It would have been so cool  if he would have done   acrylic teeth.  That would have made it   look more animated.  - All right, judges,   let's move on to Jordan.  - Polar opposite of Walter   because it is over the top.  I really appreciated   that he did his own thing.  - It's that beautiful shading   that brings  the whole thing together   and makes it feel alive.  But he missed the gag.  There's no gag.  Had to be a way to reveal  how cool that thing looked.  - All right, so as you know,   we are sending  two artists home tonight,  so let's move on to the makeups  that didn't work   for you this week.  Let's start with Jo.  - She had no place   to go with that.  I think it was just a bad idea  from the beginning.  - Going with hard surface   modeling,  especially the first time   you've ever done it,  it's just far too difficult.  When you make a bad decision   conceptually, you're doomed.  - So judges, remember last week   Jo was in the bottom  with her Mr. Toad character.  What do you think of that?   - Similar problems.  I didn't think the design   was very well resolved.  - And the paint job   was not great.  - All right, so let's talk about someone else  who was also  in the bottom last week  and this week, Mel.  - It would have worked if the   paint hadn't been so dark.  It was horrifying   to begin with.  - She did do, I think,   one of the cooler reveals.  I did enjoy the gag,  but I do think   that she is capable of better.  - All right,   let's move on to Sasha.  - That reveal's a pasted-on   afterthought,  just a mouth on the top   of the head.  How does that make it scarier? - There's so much room   for growth there cosmetically.  - Last week she did  that mermaid in the wheelchair. The face was a little rough,  but the whole idea   was pretty cool.  - It's not the concepts   I'm worried about.  It's the technical execution.  - All right then, judges,   have you made your decisions?  - We have. - We have.   - Yeah, we have.  - All right,   let's bring them back out.  ? ?  Welcome back, guys.  Glenn, who is the winner   of this challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  ? ?  McKenzie: The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip  from Kryolan   Professional Make-Up  to one of their 85   international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  - All right, Glenn, who is   the winner of this challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  Walter.  [applause]  The rabbit guy  was a very, very clever way   to approach this challenge,  and your brain gag was also   extremely successful.  Way to bounce back this week.   - Thank you so much.  It feels extremely good to get   a win on an All Star season,  and it's momentum   going into the next challenge.  - Walter, congratulations.  You and Jordan are safe  and can head back   to the makeup room.  - Thanks, guys.  - All right, guys, as you know,  you are all on the bottom,  and two of you   will be going home tonight.  Please step forward.  ? ?  All right, Glenn, who is the  first person going home tonight? - The first person   going home tonight is...  ? ?  Jo.  We thought your creative   concepts  were really quite strong,  but you set yourself   on a super-tough path,  and the execution   of those concepts  was your undoing this week.  - Jo, you have all the things  it'll take to make a really   fantastic makeup artist.  I'm sure you're gonna   be spectacular in our field.  - Thank you.   - Jo, it's been so great  having you back with us,   but you have been eliminated.  If you'd please head   back to the makeup room  and pack up your kit.  - Thanks for the opportunity.   - Thank you, Jo.  - Good luck, Jo. - It sucks to be eliminated   so early,  but it's been   an absolute pleasure  to have been part of All Stars.  - So Glenn, who is the second  person leaving us tonight?  - The second person   going home tonight is...  Sasha.  You have a great,   vivid imagination,  but your ideas congealed   into an alien-like being,  and it just didn't satisfy  this lighthearted   monster challenge.  - Sasha, I'm sorry, but you have  also been eliminated.  So that means Mel,   you are safe this week  and can head back   to the makeup room.  - Thank you.  - Sasha, I love how you think  and approach things,  and you will be missed,   but it's gonna be a pleasure  to see what you do   with your future.  - Thank you.  - Sasha, it's been so great   having you here with us.  If you'd please head   back to the makeup room  and pack up your kit.  - Thank you, everyone.   - Bye, sweetheart.  - Good luck.   - Thank you, Sasha.  - Good luck.   - Good luck.  - Coming back as an   All Star helped me realize  how much I want to grow.  There's so much   I still don't know.  all: Oh.  - I would have liked   to go further,  but I'm honored to be here  with so many talented people,  and I just can't wait   to keep going with makeup.  - I had so much fun being able   to sculpt monsters  and apply makeup.  I have no idea   what I'm gonna do after this,  but I definitely know   that art will be something  I'll never let go of.  McKenzie: Next time   on "Face Off."  We're delving into the world   of an ancient culture.  - I want to take away  some of the human form. - But that doesn't take it away. - I don't know   what I'm gonna do.  - The face is not coming out.  I'm screwed.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 