Face Off: Season 13, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Face Off 
 s13e4 - Haunted Hotel - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Face Off (2011–…): Season 13, Episode 4 - Haunted Hotel - full transcript 
 In this elimination challenge, the artists have to create the quirky and ghostly staff of a haunted hotel. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  .  McKenzie: Previously on   "Face Off: Battle Royale"...  - Ooh.   - What?  McKenzie: The artists   battled head-to-head  with their Aztec aliens,  and Damien earned   his first victory.  - What?  McKenzie: And tonight...  - Oh!   [laughter]  - Welcome to the   Face Off Grand Hotel.  - This is so cool.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 McKenzie: No one is safe  in this spooky   elimination challenge.  - I'd go even bigger.   - I'm not feeling it.  - Her edges are not going down.   It's insane.  - I don't know if they're gonna   like this makeup.  - This is   "Face Off: Battle Royale."  [all cheering]  [exciting music]  ? ?  [intense music]  ? ?  - What?  - Oh, this is awesome.  [eerie music]  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Spooky! - Oh, it's Damien's room.  - We walk into the lab,   and it's all foggy,  and I see cobwebs, and I'm like, "Finally, we're getting scary."  ? ?  - Is that a ghost?   - Yes, yes, yes.  - There's this   eerie hotel desk,  and someone's   putting mail away.  What's going on right now?  - Oh!   [laughter]  Hello there.  Welcome to   the Face Off Grand Hotel.  Are you checking in?  - Mm-hmm.   - Oh, fantastic!  Well, we do happen to have   just enough rooms  for each of you   on the 13th floor.  - I knew it. I knew it.  - Oh, my God.   This is so cool.  McKenzie has never done   anything like this before.  She is so spooky   but quirky and fun,  and I'm just excited   to get into this challenge.  - Unfortunately, we do--   we do seem to be having  just a little problem   with our hotel staff,  because, you see, our finest,  they went to go ready   those rooms,  and, well, they disappeared,  but perhaps you could help.  - Yes.   - Would you? Yes!  Great.   Thank you so much.  I happen to have enough tags   for our missing staff,  just some spare ones.  So if you would   all just be a peach  and come and grab one   and bring them back to us,  oh, we would be   forever grateful,  and we understand that they're   not gonna be quite the same.  Maybe a little quirkier.  Hello!   Maybe even a little ghostly.  All right,   so who wants to go first?  How about my little pirate there  with the gray beard and hair?  If you could   come pick one there.  Yes, that would be fantastic.  What's it gonna be? Oh, great choice. - I think I'm gonna do maid.   - Yes!  Oh, this is so exciting. You with the striking   arms there.  [laughter]  - Maid.   - Oh, good.  Ooh, I love it. Oh, another bellhop. Ha, ha, ha.  Let's see yours. - Chef.  - Well, now you made that easy.  [bell dinging]  - Concierge.   - Concierge it is.  One final one.  You get the handyman. Oh, you're just too cute. - You too.   - Thank you.  Oh, I'm so excited   to see our staff again.  Now, I must let you know   that in two days' time,  it'll be   the one-year anniversary  since our entire staff   disappeared,  and the supernatural energy   will be at its peak.  So it's imperative   that you get the job done.  [scattered chuckling]  Understood?  - Okay.   - Thank you so much  for choosing   the Face Off Grand Hotel.  Bye-bye, now.   I'll see you soon, okay?  - Bye.   - Thank you.  [rock music]  - Since I won   the last challenge,  I'm actually gonna get   Mike Mekash to help me,  which is freaking amazing.  - Damien?   - Hey, Mike.  - Nice to meet you, man.  - He works on  "American Horror Story: Hotel."  So this is his forte, creating  spooky hotel characters.  So what I was kind of thinking, since we really only  have time for a face, is just doing, like,  a fat makeup. The concept that Mike and I land on is this fat, overweight chef  who's locked away   on the 13th floor,  and he's actually been   eating himself to death.  - Maybe do multiple rolls.   - Leading up to that big one?  Yeah, some saggy cheeks  would be cool. - You know what I mean?   - Mike feels really confident  in the foundation   of the concept that I have  and just builds   right on top of it,  making me feel even   more better about it.  Black-and-gray, like,   '50s, '40s style.  - Yeah. I mean, I don't think  that's a bad idea.  - So do you think I should-- - I just--but add  some color into it.  - I see Damien as   my number-one threat,  so I've been wanting   this battle to happen.  My concept is a ghostly,   emaciated chef  who poisons himself   by eating his own food,  and now he's damned   to be infused with the forks  and knives and the food   that he served people himself.  So I want to give it a Disney  "Haunted Mansion" kind of look.  I've never done   a two-day challenge  on "Face Off" on my season.  So the number-one thing   is time management.  ? ?  - I chose the concierge.  My idea is that he's just been   waiting for so long,  he starts rotting,  and I want to make   his face all decrepit.  I've got my work   cut out for me,  because I'm battling Walter,   and he is very talented.  - What are you doing? - I'm doing an old,   spooky ghost.  You getting scared?   - It scares me a lot.  - I can see it in  your face, Walter.  - Whew.  For my concierge,   I would really like to try  and do some things   that I don't normally do,  which is beauty makeup   as well as hair work.  So I'm going   for a bubbly, quirky,  Harley Quinn-meets-zombie.  I want her to have slits   coming from her mouth,  like maybe she went crazy  and kooky and carved   out her smile, like the Joker.  - Great. Let's show the drawing   on one, two, three.  ? ?  - [groans]  - I got this idea   that this bellhop,  he was constantly told,  "You know,   you need to smile more.  You need to smile more,"   and he just snaps.  So he takes a staple gun  and he staples   a smile on his face.  I love my concept,   but I'm worried that  it's a little too creepy   for the judges,  but it's still a ghost, and I  still want to scare some people. - So my battle partner   this time around is Kelly,  and she's a quirky character.  I'm a quirky character.  So it's gonna be a good   mash-up in our battle.  So the idea for my bellhop  is whatever she saw   on the 13th floor,  just completely   scared her stiff.  So now she's stuck   in the afterlife  with this permanent   screaming expression.  I feel like, with the quirky   nature of this challenge,  I can put my style in there   a little bit.  So that has me excited.  ? ?  - So I have the maid, and my  idea is that she died cleaning.  She is still feather-dusting.  She's coughing.   She's covered in cobwebs.  She spent her   whole life cleaning.  She's gonna spend   her whole death cleaning.  So far in this competition,  I feel like I have been   a little abstract in design.  So for this challenge,   I am not gonna go too big  and I'm not gonna go too weird,   and we'll see what happens.  ? ?  - I'm so excited   for this challenge.  For the first time,   I have so much clarity.  I have such a strong direction.  My concept for my maid   is that she walked in  on some famous person   having an affair,  and they strangled her   to shut her up.  I'm actually   pushing my fingers in  to create   this frozen-in-time,  like she just stepped out   when she died.  So I'm hoping it'll make   this character quirky and fun.  ? ?  - I really wanted   a bellhop or concierge,  but I think the handyman  could be the creepiest   out of all them  just 'cause he probably lives   in the boiler room.  So I just start sculpting   this cool, asymmetrical face.  His nerves are all shot,  so he has this   one side drooping.  I want to run mine   in silicone so, like,  the facial features   will move a lot better.  It will help me win my battle.  - My concept is   a clumsy handyman  that eventually ends up   getting electrocuted to death. As I'm sculpting,   I'm having flashbacks.  On my season,   I did this handyman  ghost figure to fit   in a "Beetlejuice" setting.  Now I feel like   there's a lot of pressure  to outdo myself   from the last time.  Why did I do this to myself?  And on top of it,  I'm battling Derek   for this challenge,  and I feel quite intimidated,   'cause he is very good.  I know that if I don't present  something truly unique  and I lose this battle,   I'll definitely be in trouble.  [tense music]  .  - I picked the handyman,  and I can't believe I did this,  because I already created a  handyman character on my season, and he was a ghost,   and, on top of it,  I'm battling Derek   for this challenge.  So this is intimidating.  This is a two-day challenge,  so I don't have time to dwell   on worrisome parts of this.  So I just stop thinking  that I already created   something like this.  I stop thinking about   who I'm battling,  and I just really focus   on making a fun,  cohesive character.  ? ?  - He's definitely   looking like a fat guy.  - Yeah.   - Just make sure,  when you get your fat suit,  that your fat suit  goes up high enough  and it really kind of pushes--  - Pushes that up a little bit. We pretty much have   the entire face blocked out.  We're actually   gonna make a cavity  inside of the neck of the   gullet so we can put some bags filled with water inside.  So as my character's   turning around,  his neck can flop and actually   have real water weight to it.  - This is looking amazing.   - Thanks.  - Man, I did a handprint   in the last two hours.  - Mike's so awesome.  He's easy to talk to   and get along with,  but it's time for him to leave.   Later, man.  - All right, buddy.  - Well, it's sad to see him go,  'cause we were having   a lot of fun together.  It's not every day   that you actually get to work  with one of the best  makeup artists in the industry.  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.   - Hey!  - Well, I selected the chef.   - Okay.  Why do you have   such a realistic nose  and all this whimsical  fantasy going on?  - Well, I wanted to try to make  it real Disney-esque, a bit. - I could see more of a--  coming this way  and distorting your nostrils.  - Thank you.   - Good. Good luck.  - So I have the bellhop.   - With your stretching,  if you're gonna  bring this up to here,  that skin then  needs to stretch from here.  Otherwise, this would  stretch down here like that,  which leaves you  a lot more open mouth.  - Okay.  - I have the handyman.  Well, half his face   is drooping,  and this side is gonna  be more evil-looking and just kind of grumpy. - When you're  gluing this down,  leave this unattached  across the eye here,  just so it lays on the eye.  You're gonna get a really  great effect of that, you know?  - Right.   - I selected the handyman.  He has some dings and a broken nose like he's beat up all day.  - Now, with your veins here,  take your stick  and literally  go around both sides  so you get a very soft  little rise  as opposed to,  you know, a worm.  - Okay.   - Yeah.  Well, good luck to everybody.  - Thank you.   - Bye-bye.  ? ?  - I'm doing   a fragmental design.  [grunts]   Which is many pieces  that are meant to work   on one face together.  I have my forehead   and cheek sculptures finished. So I'm making one mold that   has three prosthetics in it,  and I can move on to the nose   and chin sculptures.  I've got a lot of work to do,  but I'm really hoping   the judges are gonna be like,  "You did all this in one day?"  That would be a nice kudos.  ? ?  - ? Making a fat suit ?  ? Making a fat suit ?  So the overall fatness   of this guy  is one of the core ideas   of this makeup.  So I start off by fabricating  a foam fat suit on a mannequin.  I'm trying to make the gut kind   of come out from the ribcage,  and I really want to give him   some nice man-boob covering.  - That looks good.   - We'll see.  I don't want to spend too much  time fabricating this fat suit,  but I feel like   it's coming together.  Yeah, I think I'm just   gonna do the upper torso  and then just stuff   the rest of him  with whatever I need.  ? ?  - Graham, do you still have   that permanent marker?  - Yeah.   - Can I use it real quick?  - Mm-hmm. - I want to make   a chest piece for my maid  that just sort of brings out her  sternum and see some ribcage,  just 'cause it's been   a year since she's died.  So I want that to show   a little in her body.  I grab a piece   of plastic wrap  and I put it over   Yvonne's chest  and roughly sketch the space   that I want it to fill.  - This is a really good idea,  especially since your  feature is, like, right there.  - And then I put that  on a flat board and draw it out. So I know   that I want my sculpture  roughly to fit in that area.  It's definitely a good idea,  because I would have made   that thing so much bigger.  They're little ladies.  Yvonne, you're so little.   [chuckles]  ? ?  - She's got long hair,   but it needs to be white.  Trying to make her   own hair white  might be more trouble   than it's worth.  - I think it would be.   - You do?  - I think it would be better  to use a wig. - All right, thank you.  So this character is basically   going to look like  almost a feather duster   walking through these rafters,  just kind of collecting   everything in her hair.  So I take a nice, beautiful,   sleek wig and I mess it all up  into this big   tumbleweed-looking shape,  and I then take hot glue  with compressed air   right behind it,  and I start spraying   this glue everywhere,  and I made these   really cool spider webs.  Like, black feathers   to white feathers--  - Ooh, yeah. I like it.  ? ?  I need to be   in the mold room,  but I'm still working   on this face.  I decide to make it   a bit more realistic,  and then I step back,   and instead of a smile,  it looks like he's just...  so I'm not feeling it.  If I make it out of this one,   I'll be impressed.  It's too [bleep] lost.  This isn't a scary challenge.  This is a quirky challenge.  I don't know,   if I go too creepy,  they're gonna scorn me or   if they're gonna love the fact that I've really added   that horror element.  I'm nervous.  We got two people going home,   and I don't want it to be me.  Please just let me be safe.  It'd be a miracle.  .  - Please just let me be safe.  It'd be a miracle.  The face I'm sculpting   is not working.  I tried to go more realistic,   but I'm not feeling it.  So I asked for Kevon's opinion.   Kevon?  - Yeah?   - Better?  - Personally,  I'd go even bigger.  - So I instantly go in,   bring out some teeth more,  and make it a bigger smile.  I should've just   [bleep] stayed with  how I was going   in the beginning.  Woulda, coulda, shoulda.  What the [bleep] ever.  I'm not happy with it,   but at this point,  I got to get it   in the mold room,  otherwise I don't have a face,   I don't have anything.  [bleep].  ? ?  - So now that the face   is finished molding,  I'm spend the rest of my day   making the utensils  that are going to be fused   with his body.  I'm making little epoxy molds   to stick them in  so I can put that under   the foam so they won't wobble. I think these are   the perfect additions  to give my character   that extra pop.  - That's time!  - We did it! - At the end of day one,  I'm feeling really good   and confident,  and I really want   to put an end to Damien's  winning streak and create   an even battleground.  ? ?  [aggressive rock music]  ? ?  - We walk into the lab,  and all my pieces look awesome.  I'm excited to apply  the silicone for this challenge. I have a lot of experience   in recent films  I've worked on with silicone,  so I feel confident   that it'll come out great.  ? ?  - What up, man?   - Hey, nice to meet you.  - Hi. I'm Mackenzie.   - I'm Jordan.  - Hello. I'm Kelly.   - Hey.  - I have to paint the teeth,   make braces,  and make it look good before   I even put it on my model.  So I've got to work smart.  ? ?  To make foam latex   look like teeth,  I take my epoxy putty, mix it  to a solid-colored consistency,  and I brush over each tooth.  Not only will it give it shine,  but it'll also   make them more rigid,  so it's gonna move   with the model and stay put.  And this is the reason  I'm not doing this on your face. ? ?  - Everything I'm applying   is a silicone,  but I'm not overly familiar   with that material.  Ooh, this looks cool. This looks very cool.  Yeah. I figure, if I apply   the chest and I go up,  I can build   in my own learning curve,  and hopefully, by the time   I get to the face,  I'll be a silicone expert.  These are not going down as nice as they were in my brain.  ? ?  - I'm going to make   you beautiful, darling.  With just having   a face prosthetic  and not having to worry   about a whole lot else  on this challenge, I just   really want to get in there  and make it   as clean as possible.  As I'm painting my piece,  everything's going along   pretty smoothly.  I start off by painting   a little bit of red,  and then I go in with  a little bit of a darker purple  and start spattering   over that.  I think it's gonna   turn out really well.  ? ?  - So my maid is going to  have a very non-colorful design  in her wardrobe   and in her hair,  so I want to bring some color   into the makeup.  I begin contouring   with some dark blues.  I contour with some grays,  and I also go in   with some white,  kind of dust her face.  I then add lavender   to give her  that ghost look   and to pale out her skin.  It's gonna be really cool   if I do it right.  ? ?  - Hold it right here, and  that'll kind of hold that open. Time is of the essence today,   so I'm doing careful planning.  I wrote out a whole list,   and if I can follow this list,  I can get this makeup done.  As I dissolve some of the edges,  it's irritating the model,  and I need to cool off   any areas  that he's not feeling   comfortable with.  I'm just trying  to dab water on it. That feel better?   - Yeah, kind of.  - There's so much to do.  So I just figure,   you know what?  Some of these edges   I can look past,  and we can just turn them   into flaky skin  or something like that.  You doing okay?   - Yeah.  - It's an hour to paint it.  Ha ha.  - Cool. ? ?  - It's paint time,  so I start   with a dark purple base.  Then I go with a lighter blue,  and I bring in some more purple. ? ?  I'm trying to pull out   that "Haunted Mansion,"  "Ghostbusters" feel to it,  and so far I feel like it's   getting really spook-tacular.  ? ?  - I really want to showcase   the electrical burn,  so I grab some gelatin,   and I put some tissue  and latex over top of that   so I can pick out parts  and really just make it nasty.  I still have to paint it,  but it's looking pretty gnarly.  I'm happy with it.  ? ?  - I'm terrified of this.  The last time I did  a beauty makeup was season ten,  so it's been a while.  ? ?  I want her to be pretty   but scary and crazy-looking.  So I'm doing ombre lip effect,   the smoky eye,  and then I do some purple   mottling from the sides.  I don't have that much   beauty makeup experience.  So hopefully it works out   and I can squeak by this one.  ? ?  - We got 15 minutes, guys.  [intense music]  ? ?  - That's time, guys!  That is time!  - I'm gonna put your hat   on a little bit further,  just to make sure   it doesn't come off.  Time is up on application,  and I'm starting to worry   about the contrast  maybe a little bit,   that he might be too dark.  So I really need to dial in   a lot of the paint.  I have to lay a mustache   and then finish this gullet.  So I'm gonna have a lot of work   to do in Last Looks.  ? ?  .  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  - [bleep].   Forgot all my brushes.  It's Last Looks,   and I realize, [bleep],  I don't have my brushes.  They're back at the lab.   I am screwed.  I have to get   this character painted,  so I'm applying makeup   with lip gloss brushes.  Not ideal in the slightest,   but got to make it work.  ? ?  - Oh, like--   - Yeah.  - The gelatin's coming off   around the hands,  so I'm freaking out.  I don't have time to fix it,  and I have a lot to do   to complete this character.  - Might as well come over here.  I am always so stressed in   Last Looks, and today I'm not.  I just need to refine   a few details.  I'm really just buttoning her up  at this point.  I like that a lot.  - The neck   left a giant cavity,  so I take a condom   filled with water  and then place it inside   of the neck,  so that way it actually   has a jiggle to it.  Yeah, looks cool, man. - Ten minutes--  [intense music]  ? ?  - All right, guys,   it's time.  - Time's up, and I don't know  if they're gonna like   this makeup.  I didn't get the hands painted.  I don't even know   if I like this makeup.  All I know is that it  was not fun making this makeup.  Damn it!  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  - Good evening, everyone.  Welcome to the   "Face Off" reveal stage.  Tonight, two of you   will be eliminated.  Before we get to business,   please say hello  to our awesome series judges.  Owner of Alchemy Studios,   Mr. Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   - Good evening.  - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning   makeup artist Ms. Ve Neill.  - Helloooo, everyone.   - Helloooo.  - And, of course, creature   concept designer Neville Page.  - Hi, guys.   - Hey.  - Hey, Neville.   - All right, let's get to it.  Now, from what I understand,   a certain deranged bellhop  asked you guys   to help bring back  the staff of the   Face Off Grand Hotel,  and it seems she only gave you   two days to complete the task.  - Yep.   - Well, suffice it to say,  we're excited to see   what you all came up with.  Let's take a look at your   haunted hotel employees.  Graham and Walter,   you're our first battle.  ? ?  - After looking at it   out on stage, I go,  "That's a cool ghost.   I can deal with that."  ? ?  - I don't feel that she looks   quite as good as Graham's,  but hopefully I at least   fulfill the challenge  and it's enough to get me by.  ? ?  - I'm definitely worried,   because I'm against Derek,  and his makeup looks   really awesome.  So I don't know where I stand.  ? ?  - I'm loving how he's looking, but Yvonne's looks   a little bit more quirky.  So I'm a little worried.  ? ?  - I feel it's   one of my most fun  and dynamic makeups   I've done.  I think I have Damien   on the ropes at this point.  ? ?  - My paint is a little dark.  I kind of wish there was  a little bit   more contrast in there,  but otherwise I'm fairly   happy with the character.  ? ?  - I like my makeup,   but I'm wondering  if I should have made   the hand more obvious.  You question everything   when you see it onstage.  ? ?  - I definitely pulled off   this challenge.  She's funny.   She's spooky.  She's everything I wanted.  ? ?  - I'm seeing my guy cheesing out  and I cannot stop laughing.  I definitely could have done  a cleaner makeup, but he's fun.  ? ?  - She screams quirky, wacky.   This is definitely my style.  I'm feeling pretty confident   with this character.  ? ?  - All right, guys,   let's take a look  at the staff of the Face Off   Grand Hotel back in action.  Check it out.  [gentle music]  ? ?  [vacuum cleaner whirs]  ? ?  [applause]  Okay, judges,   go ahead and take  a closer look   at these quirky characters.  - Give us a little "grr." - What is--the teeth   are just painted on  to make it look crooked,   isn't it?  - Yeah.   - It kind of works.  It's pretty clever, actually.  It's very Joker-like   with this purple outfit on.  I don't know if that's right   for the challenge.  - The nails don't go  with the face.  The face isn't really  necessarily ghastly.  It's a bit confused. - It's got a decent  distance read and silhouette. - His veins are so not right.  - The wrinkle directionality  is so strange.  That expression is quite creepy. It's very effective.  - I wish that his left side  was a little bit more specific. - I love the asymmetry of   the eyebrow up there.  Boink.  - It looks like  the Imagineers' work at Disney.  I think that's a great   approach to the challenge.  - Don't you think it's just   a bit too colorful, though?  - For another challenge,  I would agree.  - No, but I love the paint job.  [laughter]  - Nice. Very nice.  - Oh, what a reveal.   - I wish it had  a little bit more   diversity in the color.  - I love the bloated chin. - It is a bit odd.  It got a little muddy,   I think.  - I think she does look   really cute,  but she also looks super alive.  - The colors are too warm  to feel quite dead.  - I'm worried that I haven't   met the challenge.  - All right, guys,   it's time to get on Twitter  and tell us who made   your favorite haunted hotel  employee using #faceoff.  .  - That looks  a bit too full of vigor.  The colors are still  too warm to feel dead.  - I like mine.   It matched my vision,  but I'm worried that   I haven't met the challenge.  - I don't understand  why Mel couldn't   do a better beauty makeup.  Well, it's quirky, all right.   - Oh, yeah.  What is so successful with   this one is the proportion.  - Oh, good God.   All the makeup's coming off.  - I can't make any sense out  of the shapes of this sculpture. It's very, very confusing. - Feels like it's a theme park  pneumatic pop-up head. - And I dig that  for this challenge. I just don't want to see every  single thing look like this.  [suspenseful music]  - Okay, the judges   have chosen the winners  and losers of each battle.  So let's find out   who came out on top.  In battle number one,   Graham versus Walter.  the winner is Graham.  [applause]  In battle number two,   Yvonne versus Derek,  the winner is Derek.  [applause]  In battle number three,   Matt versus Damien,  the winner is Matt.  [applause]  - Great job, man.  - In battle number four,   Mel versus Kevon,  the winner is Kevon.  [applause]  - Thank you.  - And, finally,   in battle number five,  Kelly versus Jordan,  the winner is Jordan.  [applause]  Congratulations   to all of our victors.  All right, now the judges would   like to speak with some of you  before they make   their decisions.  Mel, please step forward.  [tense music]  ? ?  - Hi, Mel. How are you?   - Good. How are you?  - Tell us about  your ghostly character.  - I thought that she would  go into the room and walk in on someone  having an affair, and they would strangle her. - There's some huge problems   with the color palette.  She does not look dead at all  but rather very lively   and heavily shaded,  and so I think it's a major   issue with the color choices.  - This makeup got   a little muddy for me.  You really need to do   a lot more definition,  especially around the eyes.  - The colors   that you chose make it feel  more like   a theatrical stage makeup.  The sternum reads well,   but from a distance,  there's just not much   of a draw to this character.  - Mel, you can head back.  Kevon, please step up.  ? ?  - Kevon, tell us   about your ghostly maid.  - I wanted her to personify   the feather duster.  So she is one with her  occupation in death. - She's very successful.  She's got   a great distance read.  I love the coloring   around her eyes.  She does have a bit of Who nose,  we were noticing.  - Yeah, I think I wanted  to keep her a little endearing. You feel sorry for anyone  that has to spend  their entire afterlife cleaning. That's terrible.   - It's so perfectly balanced.  It's a fantastic character,   head-to-toe.  - Appreciate it.  - The stylized sculpture   is perfectly balanced  with the paint job   that you did on it.  You've really tuned in   to one singular vision.  That's what I want to see   from you every single week.  - Thank you so much.   - Kevon, please step back.  - Good job, dude.   - Thank you, guys.  - Kelly, you're next.  ? ?  - Tell us about   your ghostly bellhop.  - So I have Clarence.  and he's constantly being told, "You need to smile more.  You need to smile more." Then, eventually, he just snaps,  and he takes a stapler,  and he staples a big smile, and he's just like,  "Is it big enough now?" - The lack of integrity in the  anatomy of the face concerns me. Where the makeup jaw ends   and where the actor's jaw is  are two totally   different places.  It no longer feels right.  - He's got the proportions   of a mailbox  more than he does a head.  I like the idea of his lips   being stretched open.  Unfortunately, I think it got   away from you this week.  - I think your paint job   is a little lacking.  It's just a pale,   bluish-gray muddiness.  There's not enough definition   of color around the mouth  to define the staples   compared to his skin tone.  - Kelly, thank you so much.   If you'd please head back.  Matt, please step forward.  - Tell us about   your spectral creation.  - With my character,  I wanted to go a little ghastly with it,  a little tone of horror. So the idea is that it's a chef  who wanted to commit suicide, so he poisons the food and feeds  it to the rest of the staff and joins them all in death. - This is exactly what I was   looking for in this challenge.  I think it worked exceedingly   well during the performance.  There's enough   contrast to the color  that it read   during that entire thing.  - Thank you very much.   - I love the color palette.  She just shimmers,  and the forks--I love the forks. and that little reveal   with taking the hat off,  very clever.  Great job this week, honey.  - Thank you so much.  - I do love the sculpture,   but for me it stops there.  Some of the parts   don't add up for me.  - Matt, you can head back.   - Awesome job.  - Yvonne, please step forward.  - Tell us about   your electrifying ghost.  - He's the handyman   for the hotel,  and he had a few dings   in his past life  and ended up  getting electrocuted. That took his final life. - I don't feel that this guy   is very inspired.  It's missing the quirkiness   that I wanted to see.  It just looks like a Tim Burton   guy with a gray face.  - The boniness around the eyes  is handled, I think, quite well, but then from   the cheekbones down,  you've got some   asymmetry going on.  So there's moments, but   it's not a cohesive character.  - It ended up feeling   very alive and very organic.  It doesn't feel like a ghost,   and that's a big problem.  - Thank you.  - Yvonne, please step back.  All right, thank you, guys.  If you'd please head   back to the makeup room  while the judges deliberate.  ? ?  All right, judges, so we have  a lot to discuss tonight.  Let's start with your  favorite makeups this week.  Why don't we begin with Kevon?  - I think, overall,   he did a great job.  It was really   a cohesive character.  It had a great distance read.  It was a little rough up close.  - This thing is   so much better than anything  that he's produced this season.  He didn't beat it to death with   details that it didn't need.  - That metaphor   that he chose, the duster,  allowed him to   edit himself down,  to do what we needed him to do   in a two-day challenge.  - All right,  let's move on to Matt.  - It's such   a complete character.  It worked within the challenge  aesthetically  but most importantly, it looked  great during the performance.  - I loved the makeup.   It was fun.  It was quirky.   Just what we asked to do.  - So as you know, we are sending two people home tonight.  So let's move on  to the makeups  that didn't work  for you this week.  Let's start with Mel.  - Mel just didn't do   the challenge or a lot,  and what she did do,   she did in such an odd way.  - And the face is colored, as if it's as alive as you and I.  It has more color than we do.  - And you know what?   It was messy.  The eyelashes were sloppy.   The eye makeup was sloppy.  She could have made her   look beautiful and ethereal  and done a really clean makeup,   even with the prosthetics,  and she didn't do that.  - All right,  let's move on to Kelly.  - Oof, that jawline,   it was like  this far off   that actor's jawline.  - It's just a lack   of working with the anatomy.  It's this weird blue rectangle  of braces and bad paint.  It was a mess.  - You know, lately,  she's not been doing well. - And, finally, Yvonne.  - It wasn't   a zombie challenge,  and that's kind of   what she ended up with.  It did not feel like a ghost.   It did not feel ethereal.  - At least if she could, like,  do something fun   with the paint job,  it would've been   a little bit more exciting,  and the skin   texture's bizarre to me.  - It's just raked-in lines,  and that's not going to cut it  on a season with   this many talented people.  - All right, judges,  have you made your decisions?  - We have.   - Yes.  - Let's bring 'em back out.  ? ?  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  Glenn, who is the winner   of this challenge?  - This decision  was not unanimous,  but the winner  of tonight's challenge is...  ? ?  McKenzie: The winner of   "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip from   Kryolan Professional Make-Up  to one of their   85 international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  - All right, Glenn, who is   the winner of this challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  Matt.  [applause]  [upbeat rock music]  There's some great stylistic   choices in that sculpture,  and the color palette   really helped your character  to stand out   during the performance.  - Thank you so much.   Appreciate it.  It's my first win.  I've been top,   but I hadn't tasted  that victory yet.   It feels great.  - Matt, congratulations.   Great job this week.  - Thank you.   - You and Kevon are safe  and can head back   to the makeup room.  ? ?  All right,   unfortunately,  that means you are all   on the bottom this week,  and two of you will be   going home tonight.  Please step forward.  [suspenseful music]  ? ?  All right, Glenn, who is the  first person going home tonight? - The first person going home   tonight is...  ? ?  Kelly.  You had another great concept,  but the proportions   of the sculpture  didn't really work,  and the paint job itself   seemed very unfinished.  - Kelly, honey,   you are so talented.  You're gonna do well   in this business.  Go rock it somewhere, baby.  - Thank you.  - Kelly, it's been so great   having you here with us,  but you have been eliminated.  If you'd please head   back to the makeup room  and pack up your kit.  - Thank you.   - Bye, honey.  - I just wish I could've   gone one more round,  but I'm proud of myself.  Next step is just keep on doing   what I do and never giving up.  - So, Glenn, who is the second   person leaving us tonight?  - The second person that's   going home tonight is...  ? ?  Yvonne.  We think you're very talented,  but the way that   your makeup was executed,  it undermined your otherwise  very good ideas   for this character.  - Thank you so much  for bringing me back.  This is so cool.  - Yvonne, I'm so sorry   but you have been eliminated.  That means, Mel,   you are safe this week  and can head back   to the makeup room.  - Thank you. - Yvonne,   you're gonna be missed.  - Aw, thank you.   - You truly are,  but I think we haven't seen   the last of you.  - Well, thank you again.  - Yvonne, it's been so great   having you back with us again.  Please head back to the makeup   room and pack up your kit.  - It's a pretty big bummer   to leave,  especially this early   in the competition,  but I'm really happy   I've been a part of this.  I'm going home.  - Oh.   - What?  - And you too, Kelly?  - I had so much fun,  and I got to meet   some amazing artists.  I love what I do, and I'm just   gonna keep on making monsters.  - Now that   this journey's over,  now I have to go on   to the next.  So I want to be   an on-set makeup artist,  and I enjoy sculpting,  so my goal is to balance   those two worlds together.  McKenzie: Next time on   "Face Off"...  - What you doing?   - Trying to beat you.  - I accidentally tipped   that over.  - I am pretty upset.  - I'm capable of something   that's better than this.  - It's pretty damn good.  - Dude, your paint skills   are beyond the beyond.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 