Face Off: Season 13, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Face Off 
 s13e8 - Immortals Interrupted - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Face Off (2011–…): Season 13, Episode 8 - Immortals Interrupted - full transcript 
 It's the semifinals and the artists engage in an all out battle royale, as they create vampires based on real life bats with just three finale spots on the line. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  .  McKenzie: Previously, on   "Face Off: Battle Royale"...  the artists made   underwater creatures.  Jordan's sinister sea monster   terrified the judges,  leaving the bottom look   on the brink of elimination,  and tonight--  Welcome to the semifinals.   - [bleep].  - Oh, my God.  - I need to get   into that finale.  - I'm feeling sheer   panic and horror.  - When I first saw it,   you know what I thought of?  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Harry Potter, here I come.  - This is complete hell.  ? ?  - This is "Face Off:   Battle Royale."  all: Whoo!  [exciting music]  ? ?  [upbeat music]  ? ?  [ominous music]  - It is pitch black in here.   - Oh, dude, that's awesome.  - It's like a cave.   - We walk into the lab,  and I'm immediately stoked  because it's been transformed   into a bat cave.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, bats.   I love bats.  - Whoa. A bunch of webs--   - Oh, I walked through it.  Gross!  [laughter]  - It seems like this is gonna be  a really exciting challenge.  - Welcome to the semifinals.  - Oh.   - I'm ready.  - One of the six of you  will be our new champion.  So let's get right into   your next Spotlight Challenge.  For centuries, superstitions   have existed around bats...  - Yeah.  - And their supernatural   connection  to one of the most terrifying   creatures of the night;  vampires.  - Yes.   - Yeah.  - Awesome.   - Makeup artists have long  used bats and their incredibly   unique anatomy as inspiration  for their bloodsucking creations in all sorts of films,   like "Nosferatu,"  "Dracula," and "Blade."  So in your next   Spotlight Challenge,  you will be doing the same thing by choosing a real bat  and using it as inspiration  for an original   vampire character.  - Oh.   - Nice.  - I love that.   - That's awesome.  - I love vampires.  I love bat creatures.  I love everything about this.  It's right up my alley.  - Now, before you choose a bat,  there is something   that I do need to tell you.  - Oh.  - Head-to-head battles are gone, and this week   it's a battle royale.  - Oh.  - So that means it's everyone   for themselves  in one grand battle  to determine   this season's finalists.  - That changes everything.  This is do-or-die.   This is it.  - And I have another   game-changer to share.  Unfortunately, we only have room  for three finalists...  - Oh, my God. - Which means half of you...   - [bleep].  - Will be going home this week.  - Oh, God.   - That's crazy.  I don't think I've ever seen   a challenge  that's eliminated   half of us before.  So I'm gonna do my best to be   on the half that stays.  - This is gonna be insane.  - All right,   now that all that nasty stuff  is out of the way,   let's select bats.  - Oh, that's awesome.   - You'll be choosing  from the false vampire bat,  painted bat,   slit-faced bat,  mouse-eared bat,   horseshoe bat,  and bamboo bat.  Walter, you're first.  - No way.  False vampire bat.  - Painted bat.  - Horseshoe bat.  - Mouse-eared bat.  - Slit-faced bat.  - The bamboo bat.  - We've got your bats,  but we have one more   piece of business  to attend to.  Jordan, since you won   last week's challenge,  you've earned the help   of an industry expert.  So let's meet him.  - All right.  - With a career   spanning 30 years,  he's kind of done it all,  but he's particularly   well-suited  to this week's challenge,  having created vampires   for "True Blood,"  "The Twilight Saga: New Moon," and "Underworld: Awakening."  Please welcome two-time  Emmy Award-winning makeup artist Todd Masters.  - Ooh. Wow.   - Nice.  [applause]  - How's it going, man?  It's gonna be really cool   to work beside Todd.  Can't wait to hear   his vampire advice.  - Good to see you again.   - Hi. Good to see you too.  - Thanks for having me.   - All right.  You ready to get to work?   - Yeah. Sounds great.  - Well, if you would join Jordan  over there, please.  - Okay.   - Nice to meet you, man.  - Hey. How are you?   - Okay, guys.  Keep in mind   that this is your last chance  to show the judges   what you're made of  before they choose   this season's finalists.  Good luck.  - Thank you.   - Thanks.  - Bye, guys.   - Thanks.  - Thank you.   - No pressure.  - [chuckles]  [upbeat electronic music]  ? ?  Look at all this to go--   okay, great.  - I've got  two hours with you.  This is a crucial challenge   to have the help  of an industry expert,  especially with three of us   getting eliminated.  It couldn't have come   at a better time.  - I mean, we're not  going cute, right? - No.   - We're going creepy?  I picked the horseshoe bat.  We're taking a lot of   different ideas from the nose  and the ears to make him   really old-looking.  I think it'd be cool to kind of, like, have him,  like, more sunken-in cheeks,  and, like, kind of mimic the  ears with, like, the cheekbones. - That's totally it. Yeah, yeah.  That's a great idea. - I'm just planning on doing   a face and a cowl.  I'm really automatically  thinking quality over quantity.  I made this mistake   once before on my season,  and that's what sent me home.  So let's hope it's not a repeat  and I go into the finale   on this one.  - Big ears, big nose-- [upbeat music]  - Semifinal--to me,   it means "almost,"  and "almost"   is not good enough in my book.  This is where I was   on season two,  and I didn't make it   any further.  It's been eating at me,  and I don't want to   repeat history.  I have in mind a large,   intimidating character,  using the larger ears   of the mouse-eared bat.  So I'm gonna go angular   with a lot of the structure.  So it's more of an albino,   ancient vampire.  I literally need to destroy   every contestant,  because now   I'm against everyone,  and it's more like,  "I'm not in here with you.  You're in here with me."  ? ?  - I want my vampire   to be a badass bitch.  I'm so happy   I got the painted bat.  I want her to be   irresistible to look at,  closer to a glam-pire.  I want her to have  really accentuated   bone structure,  and I want to make an umbrella so that she won't get burned.  I feel focused,  and if I'm going out,   I'm going out swinging.  [upbeat music]  ? ?  - One of the only challenges  that I look back   on my season and think,  "Wow, I wish I could have redone  that and made it cooler,"  was the Skull Island challenge.  I made a bat creature   with these huge wings,  and it was just a big disaster.  What I did accomplish   is that challenge  did shoot me into the finale,  and I would like to repeat that. I have the false vampire bat.  It's the scariest-looking bat. So the forms that I'm going   for are big powerful jaws,  really big bat ears.  I'm swinging for the fences.  ? ?  [pulsing techno music]  ? ?  - [whispering] I wouldn't   do that if I were you.  - Shut up, Derek.   - [laughs]  - Well, I feel like I started   off the season really strong  and then, like, slowly been   losing the challenges.  I'm getting my energy back up, and I'm definitely motivated   to get into the finale.  I have this tiny, little,   itty-bitty bamboo bat.  It reads more cute   than ferocious,  so I think I'm gonna make   a sleek and sexy creature.  He's got some fun   nose anatomy  that I really want to base   my sculpture around.  I'm feeling pretty confident   in this design,  and I'm having a lot of fun,  which usually means   good things--  I'll knock on wood.  - I like that a lot, dude.   - Yeah?  - Yeah.  ? ?  - I choose the slit-faced bat.  On this bat, there's a bit   split up the middle,  so I want to incorporate   that into my design.  I want my vampire to look like she's been trapped   for centuries in a dungeon.  There's a lot riding on this.  I really want to do this   for my family, for my son.  I've been here a long time  without seeing him,   and it's hard,  and I've really got   to step it up,  because I want to be   in this finale.  ? ?  - You want to do a little   switch, try a few things?  - Yeah.   - Is that all right?  - That's cool with me, yeah. Our plan is to move   back and forth  between the two sculptures  so that they have   a cohesive feel to them.  I want something that you see  just how it resembles the nose  on the horseshoe bat,  because it's a really   cool shape.  - A lot of cat out of this   instead of bat--  - Right now, the nose feels   a little bit cat-like,  but once we get that   forehead piece put into there,  it's gonna have the more   bat feel to it.  - This is looking   really good, Jordan.  - Thanks, man.  - Yeah, you made some really   good decisions in here.  - I'm happy that I got Todd's   help on this challenge.  - Nice working with you.  It's been awesome   working beside you.  - It was actually a lot of fun.   - Oh, yeah.  - So thank you very much.  Good luck.   - Thank you.  He's really given me a lot of  energy to move on to the finale. - Cheers.  [upbeat electronic music]  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.  - Hi.   - Hey.  - Hi, Mr. Westmore.  - Now, what bat  did you select?  - I selected the painted bat. - Your direction is toward,   like, a vampiress?  - Yes.   - Okay.  You've got a good start   on your face,  but everything you have  going here is cute.  This actually looks like  a pretty lady  that's gone to sleep.  You need to bring  a little bit more scary  to sell the vampire.  - Mr. Westmore does not   love my design.  - I haven't seen them yet,  but I'm concerned with  how it's gonna compete  with the other ones.  - He said, "I haven't   even seen everybody else's,  and I know yours is not enough." Now I'm second-guessing myself  a little bit.  I don't want to make  it too batty. - I don't want you  to go home, either.  - The competition   is thinning down.  So if I don't pull this out   this week, that's it.  I'm definitely going home.  McKenzie: The winner of   "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip from   Kryolan Professional Make-up  to one of their 85   international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  [upbeat music]  - It needs some expression.  I would extend your chin  a little bit,  your ears--  doing the nose,  as opposed to being so cute--  - Now I'm second-guessing myself  a little bit.  I'm not sure if I'm gonna   keep it the same or change it. I just need to think about it.  - Step it up  just a little teeny bit.  - Okay.  - And what bat did you choose?   - The mouse-eared bat.  - I think the main thing you're   gonna have to be careful with  in here--and I like it--  is your painting.  Maybe paler in the center  so it's really visible,  and let it pick up  its own shadows,  as opposed to you trying to do  a lot of shading in there  and getting this too dark  and losing it.  It's so busy, you really  need that to pop out.  - I got the false vampire bat. - With the lips,  as opposed to giving it   a really human,  sharp edge on that,  that could become smooth,  because when you see  that tight lip line--  you know,  you put your hand on that,  - Mm-hmm. - And you're seeing a person  there with a cleft chin,  as opposed to the vampire.  - Yeah.   - I got the slit-faced bat.  His nose is what   I'm really focusing on.  - I'm just wondering if you  ought to take advantage  of a little bit  more flair here,  because it's--  all of a sudden,  we have this little nose  peeking out,  and this is all falling  away from it,  as opposed to giving it  a little more definition.   - Bring it--okay.  So bring it outwards more  so it looks more deeper? - Yeah, I'd bring it out  a little bit more.  Yeah.   - Cool.  - So I got the bamboo bat.  He's a tiny little critter.   So--  - Boy, he sure is.  - If I leave my blending edge  right here underneath the jawline...   - Yeah.  - Do you think it's a good idea  to leave this split open or do you think  I should close it? - By leaving it open,  it's easier to close it up  and overlap it  than it is to all of a sudden  pull this over  and it doesn't quite fit.  - This gives me more play.   - Yeah.  It can be close,   but I would leave it open.  - Gotcha.   - I got the horseshoe bat.  I've got this really crazy   nose on his face.  - Mm-hmm.  With your cowl,  I would change your ears.  When I first saw it,  you know what I thought of?  - Dobby?   [laughs]  - Harry Potter,  here I come.  - Yeah.  - Well, I think  you've got a good start.  - Just change those ears up?   - I would say, for sure.  - Yeah.  - Bye, everybody.  - Bye, Mr. Westmore.   - Good luck.  - Thank you.   - Thanks.  ? ?  - Mr. Westmore advises me   to up the forms I have  and make them   more exaggerated.  So I'm gonna take his advice   and make the nose and ears  look more specifically   like my bat,  but other than that,  I'm gonna stay true to my idea.  - I mean, I want her  to be pretty.  A lot of my competitors  do heavy textures   and heavy sculpts,  and I think beauty's a way  to highlight   what makes me different.  I feel like  I've just got to dance to the beat  of my own drum this time. - True.   - It's weird going against  Mr. Westmore's advice,  but this is the semifinals.   I can't be wish-washy.  I'm gonna make the most   beautiful vampire I can.  I'm committing to my ideas.  It's a whole new Mel.  [upbeat music]  ? ?  - Thanks. Mr. Westmore told me the nose   looks like it's deep in--  like, pretty much   a hole in the face,  and I definitely   don't want that look.  I want it to look like a bat.  So I'm trying to push out   the nose a little bit.  - This nose looks great, man.   - Yeah. Thanks, man.  The longer I work on it,   the cooler it's looking...  - One hour!  - But I'm not sure   if I'll have time  to mold it   and have it for tomorrow.  I think I could do it  in an hour. - Quickest molder  in the game--  yeah, you got this.  [laughter]  - Funny. ? ?  - 15 minutes, guys.  - Time is ticking,  and I mold it,  but it's definitely not cured   enough to open and clean out.  - That's time.  - I just ran out of time.  - All right, all right,   all right.  - Most everybody got   their face molded  and has a cowl sculpted,   as well.  So it feels like I'm behind.  It's gonna be tough   to get into that finale.  - [grunts]  [upbeat electronic music]  ? ?  - So for today, I just   really want to focus on  getting my sculpts done   as quick as possible.  This could be my last chance   to really impress the judges,  so I want all the detail,   all the textures,  to be as good as possible.  I finish up my face. I'm really   happy with where it's at.  So now I'm going in   and re-blocking out my cowl,  just because my original ears  were facing downward   a little too much,  and it didn't quite resemble   the horseshoe bat  that I'm trying to go for.  So I chopped those off   and repositioned them  in that more upward motion.  [lively rock music]  ? ?  - I really want to prove myself  to the judges this challenge,  and I think my wings   will help do that.  I decide to take the mannequin   and lay it down  and structure the wings   out of clay  that I can   then stipple latex into  and have a finished product.  - Looks really [bleep] good.   - Thanks.  ? ?  So I take my time to sculpt  all those details and forms   into the clay,  and then I can just stipple   the latex right on top,  and I don't have   to run it at all.  I'm hoping it'll save me   some time down the road.  ? ?  [pulsing electronic music]  - Instead of doing   the predisposed  classic vampire wings,  I wanted to step out of the box   a little bit.  So I'm doing a scorpion-like   humpback feature  to create a striking profile.  I think it stands out.  It gives it that extra level  that no one else   is thinking about.  Time is ticking,   so I really need this piece  to come out well,  and then my sculpt cracks.  I'm feeling sheer panic   and horror.  Oh, my God. I'm not going   to have this back piece  that's gonna set me apart.  This challenge is deciding   who will be in the finale,  and I'm thinking,   "This could be it."  [dramatic music]  .  [upbeat electronic music]  - I'm freaking out that I'm not   going to have this back piece  and I'm just gonna be another   face and a cowl in the crowd.  I need to pull out   all the stops  to make this come together,  and so I just think,  "What do I have to do   to fix this?"  And I just reach   for a popsicle stick,  and I shove it in one side   and blend it under the mold  and start packing   on that ultra cowl,  and then a wave of calm comes   over me like a Zen state of,  "Okay, we've got this."   It's working completely.  [upbeat music]  - I have a lot of things to do.  I want to do a big chest,  and then I'm detailing   the cowl.  I really want it   to be powerful,  so I'm making traps   that are really big,  but I've been so focused   on my own work,  and I look across the room   and notice  that everybody's   already in the mold room  and has been in the mold room.  So I really need to focus on   knocking out this cowl  as fast as possible.  ? ?  [upbeat rock music]  ? ?  - I really want to keep   this bat fleshy but brown.  I'm gonna stick mostly  to the colors of my actual bat.  Even though I'm planning on  using the second face tomorrow,  so that way I can cohesively   paint everything at once,  it's nice to know that I have   this first face as a backup  in case time gets ahead of me   with application.  - That looks pretty bitching.   - Yeah?  - Yeah.  ? ?  - What's our time? - 27 minutes.  Time's running out,  and I'm worried  I'm not gonna   get these molds done.  There's still steam   coming off the mold  because it's still curing,  but I got to get this thing out. - Got that sand hammer?  - Fortunately, it opens,  but it's full of clay.  I'm so close to the finale.  If I were to lose  just because   I can't get a mold out,  it would be crushing.  ? ?  - That's time.  - Thankfully, I got my cowl   cleaned out just in time.  Even though I love   what I came up with,  I know I have   a lot of work to do,  and I know that it's gonna come  down to execution and paint job. ? ?  [dramatic percussive music]   [laughter]  - A lot to do.   - It's application day.  We've got four hours   in the lab,  one hour at Last Looks,  and then we find out   who is in the finale.  How does that [bleep] happen? Walk in, and my cowl   has some steam pockets,  which happens when the mold   is just so wet,  and it collapses the foam.  Super weird--  It looks really terrible,  but the front of it   all looks fine.  So I'm just gonna hide it   with hair  and darker colors  and hope nobody notices.  [upbeat music]  - What's going on?   Good to see you again.  - Good to see you again.  - Ready to be a vampire?   - Yeah.  - One, two, three.  ? ?  - So to apply these wings,  I posture my model  in the same way   I had the mannequin.  I have her hands up on stools  and I have her laying facedown.  Yeah, this is kind of perfect,   actually.  It takes a little bit  of finessing and a lot of glue,  but it's buckling   in a really natural way.  I mean, she can't do this,   but beyond that,  she's moving around.  They look like wings.  Cool.  ? ?  - With this character,  I'm really pulling out   all the stops.  So after I get everything   applied down,  I go in with a brown   and start spattering  that on there lightly,  and then I go in with   a little bit of purples  and reds here and there,  just to give him that older,   liver-spotty look  and to have it kind of go along  with the dissipating hair,   as well.  Once I start laying the pinks   into the nose and in the ears, I'm really starting to see  this horseshoe bat come to life. - It's looking tight, dude.   - Thanks, man.  - Try tilting it forward.   - Yeah.  - Pieces turned out great, but   they're taking a little longer  than I expected to patch,  even though they're   very subtle little things.  I notice a lot of the   competitors already painting,  and I'm starting to second-guess  the amount of pieces I have.  I know that it has to be worthy  to make it into the finale.  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - All right,  the scary part.  I'm going back to my roots   for this paint job  'cause I've lost the last   three battles in a row.  I'm blasting another color  all over your head.  You know, I've been trying   to do innovative things,  and I feel like it's biting me   in the ass  the last couple challenges.  So this time I'm gonna airbrush  absolutely everything on this. It's just my forte.  I think you're looking   pretty good right now.  ? ?  - For my vampire,   I'm gonna use the colors--  the actual palette   that's on the bat,  and the nose is my focal point.  I'm gonna go with some purples and some blues   and a lot of browns.  It looks like--  more like real skin. ? ?  We got 15 minutes, guys.  ? ?  - That's time!  I've got a lot to do still. Leaving for Last Looks,  I am nowhere near   done with the painting,  so I start to panic   a little bit,  because this is as far as I got   last time I was on "Face Off." I do have flashbacks   of that gut-wrenching feeling  of not having your name called   to get in the finale.  That's not where I want to be.  ? ?  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - We're in Last Looks.   We have an hour left.  An hour's not a lot of time   for what I want to do,  but I'll hope for the best.  Let's go ahead  and put that hump on.  I just start painting her hump.  I think the hump will give it   that creepy profile.  I want to be in this finale.  I want to make it to the end.  ? ?  - I'm finishing up the paint job  with stencils,  and I just airbrushed   this blood splatter  to add the contrast   between the white and the red. At this point,   every second that I'm using  is applying something   to this makeup.  ? ?  - We've got to start   gluing some hair.  Hair laying is really tricky,  and it's really hard   to get it to look cohesive.  I'm laying this beautiful,   flowing mane.  It's gonna really   pop off the profile  and make that little   egg head shape  a lot more complex   and breathtaking.  ? "Laying hair is fun" ?  ? Said no one, ever ?  ? ?  - 15 minutes, guys.  ? ?  - That's time, everybody.  - Thank you for being awesome.   - You're welcome.  - I'm a little nervous,  because half of us   are gonna be eliminated.  So I really hope that I'm not   falling short of the finale.  I've actually been through   this situation before,  and going home at the semifinals  again would really hurt.  .  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - Good evening, semifinalists.   - Thank you.  - Evening.   - Welcome to the "Face Off"  reveal stage.  As you know, tonight,  three of you will be eliminated, and three of you will make it   to this season's finale.  Please say hello to the people  who have to make   that tough decision tonight;  our amazing judges--  owner of Alchemy Studios,   Glenn Hetrick...  - Good evening.   - Good evening.  - Evening, Glenn.  - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning  makeup artist Ve Neill...  - Good evening, everyone.   - [laughs]  - Hey.   - And, of course,  creature and concept designer   Neville Page.  - Hello.   - Hello, Neville.  - All right, let's get to it.  For your Spotlight Challenge, we asked you each  to select a unique bat and use it as inspiration  for an original   vampire character.  Because it is the semifinals,  we did away   with head-to-head battles  in favor of one giant   battle royale.  Let's take a look   at your vampires.  Matt, you're up first.  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - I love this vampire.  It really stands out completely  from all the other makeups.  He has this kind of swagger  of that dark,   vampiric character.  ? ?  - He's just so powerful   and so cool,  and his paint job   definitely stands out  from everyone else's,  and I'm loving   my makeup so much.  ? ?  - It looks like   all of the boys' bats  are from the same town and mine   is from a different state,  but that's what a vampire   looks like to me.  ? ?  - It's reading really well   from where I'm at,  and I'm really loving   the makeup that I did today.  It's 50/50 on who's   going to the finale.  So it's nerve-racking,  but I'm very confident   in my makeup.  ? ?  - She looks rad.  I wish I would've painted   the chest a little bit darker, but still, overall, I'm really   stoked on the way she looks.  ? ?  - Standing there, looking at   my character on stage,  I really feel like this is an  All-Stars finale-worthy makeup.  I really wanted to go for   quality over quantity on this,  and I think I achieved that.  ? ?  - Okay, judges.  Why don't you go ahead  and take a closer look  at tonight's makeups?  ? ?  - There are some nice details.  I really like this little paint   detail on this jawline.  - I love this bold choice  to create a single dorsal ridge  instead of a pair of wings.  - Yeah.  - I love the coloration   on this one.  - Oh, yeah.  He's striking, powerful,   menacing.  - This is Mel's finest work   to date.  She's really gone for it.  - And I like the fact that she   made it so feminine, as well.  - The combination of that nose,   the chin,  and then the hunch on the back  really plays on the age   of the vampire species.  - Looks like she's wearing   a backpack, guys.  Come on.  I can't believe how beautiful   this chest piece is.  - Unfortunately, I like   the chest a little more  than I like the face.  - Here's this bitchin' dude.  Look at the detail and the   wrinkling on his forehead.  It's unbelievable.  - And he's using   every single drop of color  to push forth everything   he did in the sculpture.  Thank you.  ? ?  - All right, guys,   so normally this is where  I would tell you that the judges have scored your creations   and want to speak with you,  but tonight we're doing things   a bit differently.  Since half of you   are going home tonight,  we need to see what you're   made of as makeup artists.  - How do we do that?   - Now, sometimes in Hollywood,  there are last-minute changes   to the script,  and tonight is no exception.  - [bleep].  - So we need to see   what your vampires look like  after they've been   exposed to sunlight.  - Oh, man.  - You're getting another hour   of Last Looks  and one more chance   to wow the judges.  - Oh, [bleep].  This totally changes   the challenge.  I don't want to get this close   to the finale  and just fall by the wayside.  - An hour is no time   to transform  a whole makeup   we spent days creating.  So this has definitely turned   the competition on its head,  and I am just praying   I can make it through  this next elimination.  ? ?  .  ? ?  - You're getting another hour  of Last Looks  and one more chance   to wow the judges.  - Oy.   - Oh, [bleep].  - Models, why don't you   take your places  back in the makeup room?  ? ?  Now, I know this is   a bit of a shocker,  but are you guys ready   to do this?  - Let's do it.   - Yeah, I got.  - Okay, your time starts now.  - Let's go.   - [laughing]  ? ?  - Let's see how this goes.  - Back at it again.  This is what's standing   in between  me and the finale.  So I have to apply   an amazing burn makeup  and wow those judges with it.  My plan is to create   black texture  but also bloody, raw tissue,  kind of like sunlight is coming   in from different angles  and burning his flesh.  So I'm using Artex,   which looks flesh-like,  and then I add   some of the blood  and then brush over that   with black paint.  ? ?  - All right,   let's [bleep] you up.  I've actually been through   this situation before.  On my season,   three of us had one hour  to make revisions   to our character,  and that one hour   was complete hell.  So for this one   I'm really hoping  that it's not quite as frantic,  and I start plucking away   foam from his head  just to make him   look really deteriorated.  After I get that done,   I start painting  different reds, purples,   and browns.  It's kind of sad   to pluck away this hard work,  but it's also cool   to transform him  into something completely new.  Looks pretty sweet, actually.   [laughs]  ? ?  - Here we go. For this burn makeup, I'm using the gelatin as a really melted part   of the flesh,  and then I lay   tissue paper over that,  and I peel that back,   like the charred flesh  is breaking away   and revealing the melted skin.  Come on.  But it looks   too much like rubber,  and I'm just kind of   smearing things around.  So I'm very nervous.  ? ?  - I hate doing this.  I love this makeup. We have to recreate   our vampires,  which I feel like   I should be exempt for,  because I'm the only one   who brought an umbrella,  but I'm gonna do the best I can  because I'm not ready to go yet. I put some Artex on the face.  It makes it look   like it's melted,  rather than burned,  which is more of the look   I'm going for,  and then I add lots   of blood drips,  which creates a lot of depth.  It looks really creepy.  I want you to be, like,  a bloody mess.  ? ?  - I'll burn your arm   and half your face.  I want to make her look like  she's trying to protect herself   from the sun,  and just the side of her   gets burned.  I grab black dust powder   and mix that into Pros-Aide  to make crispy burned material,  and then I start   painting yellows and reds  to give it, like,   a blistery look.  I feel it looks very realistic,  and so I'm just gonna do it   as much as I can  until the last few seconds.  You're kind of like, "Ah!"  - This Artex [bleep]   looks so badass.  I really want   the midway process of her  in the sunlight being burned   before she gets destroyed.  So I'm making all these just,   like, gross raised burns  that are extremely shiny   and gelatinous.  So it looks like these burns  go deep into the anatomy   of my vampire.  I'm feeling optimistic,  but I'm also   definitely worried,  because there's only three slots  in the finale.  - All right, guys.   You have 15 minutes left.  ? ?  All right, guys.  Time is up.  - Oh-ho!   - Brushes down.  - Man, I thrashed   a makeup I really love.  My heart's sinking a little bit. [bleep].   I don't like the burn makeup.  It's knocked me down  from one of the better makeups,  so now I'm definitely stressed  and worried about it.  It would suck so much   to get this close  and still not make it.  [bleep].   I just want to win.  [upbeat music]  ? ?  - I think I pulled it off.  It looks like   it's pretty cohesive.  It has a fleshy look   with the charcoal burn,  and I'm just hoping that's   enough to pull me through.  - He's got some really nice   textured stuff here,  sort of boily.  - There's no directionality   to it at all.  Can you tip your head down?  - It's really nice up in here.  - He did a great job of placing  all the damage in a way  that still retains the beauty   of the original design.  - You can still see   my good makeup  underneath that crap that   I just smeared all over it,  but I don't know if the judges  will think it's as fun  and as cool as it was before.  - A lot of the damage is here   in the trapezius area.  - That's serious damage.  What's cool about this image   is he still looks badass.  - He didn't do all that much,  but at least   it's all from this direction.  - Once again, I've taken an   unconventional route to this,  and I hope that they appreciate  I went for something   a little different.  We'll find out.  - It doesn't feel like there's  a single source of inspiration.  - Yeah, I don't get it.  It's just a little blood   dripping everywhere.  - Her hair's also burnt.   - Singed.  - She burned the umbrella,  and then the vampire character   is patching it  to keep the sun off of it.  I love that.   I love the way it ties in.  - That's what all those   little pinpoints are,  is it came through the umbrella. - I feel very confident   in my makeup.  I'm still nervous, obviously,   but it looks very realistic,  and I'm very happy   how it turned out.  - This makes a lot of sense.   - Mm-hmm.  - You can tell where   the source of the light is,  and he's the only one who got   into using these yellow tones.  - That exposure of fat  under the flesh feels realistic. - I actually like   it better burned.  - Yeah. I just wish   it didn't end right there.  It kind of needs to--  - Yeah, it's just   a little too down the middle.  - Harvey Two-Face.  - She's smoldering,   the burns are glistening,  and it looks awesome.  It's really cool to go   from liking a character  to loving it   after destroying it.  - This helps   the forehead so much.  I almost wish it was there   to begin with.  It's really cool.  - What I like is this,  because it's just cutting   and eating into her.  - But, see,   there's no directionality  or no sense   to these burns, either.  - My vampire looks pretty cool   with his new burn makeup,  and I think the details that  I put into it   could make this a piece  that could get me   into the finale.  - I really like the singed hair.  It's grody.  - Yeah.   - The big space in the back  where it's really eating away--  - He's very, very strong,   though.  That perfect symmetrical   silhouette is destroyed,  which is very effective.  ? ?  - All right, judges.  So we threw these guys  a real curveball tonight,  and let's talk about  how they did.  Why don't we start with Matt?  - I think it's the most unique   of all the designs  that were out there.  I was very impressed   with his ability  to create something that felt   authentic and original.  - And then he managed to do   a really beautiful paint job  on top of it, breaking it up   with all the speckling  and a little bit of veining.  - Well, one of the things   I love about Matt's work  is it's very intelligent,  particularly from a sculptural   perspective.  - Matt hasn't been on the show   since season two,  so he's had a lot of time   to perfect his art,  and I think   he's stepped up his game  and really shown us   some really beautiful work.  - All right, judges,   let's move on to Walter.  - It was so strong in both   front view and side view.  I've never seen   that silhouette before  on this type of character.  - I loved this paint job.  The beautiful blues--and then   he has some beautiful purples  around the eyes--   just really well done.  - He's killed pretty much   every challenge  that we've put in front of him.  He is a phenomenally   talented artist.  - All right,   let's move on to Mel.  - It came out   a little bit cutesy gothy,  as opposed to what I was   looking for in this challenge. It's purposeful. It's her thing.  She owned it,  and I think she accomplished   what she set out to do.  - I appreciate that she was  shooting for something feminine, but I think it fell   a little short.  - She kind of missed   on the burn thing.  It just looked to me like  little drips   of blood everywhere.  It didn't really look like   they were burn holes.  It was a good idea, but I don't  think she executed it that well. - All right,   let's talk about Derek.  - I struggle with it,  because there's an element   that I love.  The middle of the face,   the nose area,  into the chin--   gorgeous--  the rest of it is soft  and undefined and nebulous,  both in the sculpture   and the paint.  - But the exposure makeup on   this was one of the best ones.  It was simple   and very authentic.  - It looked like a real burn,  as opposed to some of   the other ones,  which you really couldn't tell  what they were.  - All right, judges,   let's move on to Damien.  - The chest is very,   very interesting,  but it does not carry on   to the face.  The chest and the face   don't even match one another.  - And what about the burn?  Just big gooey blobs   everywhere--  - It felt more like   he was covered in acid,  kind of like that character   in "RoboCop."  - Damien has improved leaps   and bounds, and it's like,  "Where did this guy come from?"  Because it's a completely  different artist  than the person  that we last saw.  - And, finally,   let's talk about Jordan.  - His paint job was exquisite.  The freckling on the side   of the face  when we got close up,   all that beautiful work--  - I don't think it was   the best burn makeup.  It felt more like erosion,  but, regardless of it   being accurate,  it was really well-done.  - Jordan has really been   listening to us, has he not?  - Every week, better from the   notes that we're giving him--  - All right, judges, have you  chosen this season's finalists?  - We have.  - Fantastic.  Let's bring 'em back out.  ? ?  All right.  It's time to find out   the first person  to make it   to this season's finale.  Glenn?  - The first person moving on   to the finale is...  [tense music]  ? ?  - All right, guys.   It's time to get on Twitter  and tell us   who made your favorite vampire  using #faceoff.  .  - It's time to find out   the first person  to make it  to this season's finale. Glenn?  - The first person moving on   to the finale is...  [tense music]  ? ?  Walter.  [applause]  You have a unique aesthetic,   and you've delivered us  fantastic makeups   all season long.  We absolutely cannot wait   to see what you do next.  - Thank you so much.  Being the first name called   feels incredible,  and I'm so incredibly happy  that I have another opportunity   at $100,000.  - Walter, congratulations   on being the first finalist.  So, Glenn, who is the second  person making it to the finale?  - The second person moving on   to the finale is...  [tense music]  ? ?  Matt.  [applause]  ? ?  Your creative vision--   certainly one of a kind,  and we're always excited to see  what you've got to offer   from week to week.  Congratulations.   - Thank you so much.  I'm overwhelmed   with so much emotion.  It's good to finally   be in the finale  and to battle it out  with "Face Off"'s best head-on.  - Congratulations, Matt.  You have also made it  to the finale. - Thank you.  - All right.  We have four All-Stars left, and only one of you   can join us in the finale.  So, Glenn, who is the winner   of this challenge  and the third person   joining us in the finale?  - The winner   of tonight's challenge,  and the third and final artist  that will be joining us   in the final, is...  [tense music]  ? ?  Jordan.  [applause]  ? ?  It has been amazing to watch   your evolution this season.  It's obvious to us   that you've been listening,  and each week we've seen your   makeups get better and better. - Thank you.  It's an amazing feeling to know   that I won this challenge,  but we've still got   that one challenge left,  and I want to take   this entire competition.  - Congratulations, Jordan.   - Thank you.  - Unfortunately, that means,   Mel, Derek, and Damien,  you have all been eliminated.  It's been amazing   having you back here with us,  but if you'd please,   head back to the makeup room  and pack up your kits.  - Bye, guys.   - Bye.  - Good luck, guys.   - Good luck, guys.  - Good job, you guys. Great job. - Congrats.  Getting eliminated   is bittersweet,  but I made it to the semifinals, which is great,   because that's further  than I made it   the last time I was here.  It's been a wild ride   and it's been lots of fun.  So I definitely have a lot   to be proud of.  - It sucks to get to this place  twice and not go to the finale,  but the competition   was really hard.  I'm proud of what   I accomplished,  and I'm proud to say I made it  to the semifinals   in both my seasons.  - I'm disappointed.   I wanted to get to the finale, but I'm proud of the makeups   I did while I was here,  and I know   it's just gonna make me  that much of a better artist.  ? ?  - Congratulations again   to all three of you  on being   this season's finalists.  I will see you back here   on stage tomorrow morning  to tell you about your   final Spotlight Challenge.  Bye. - Thank you, guys.   - Good night, guys.  - See you.   - Good night, guys.  - It's game time.  I want this as bad   as I want to breathe.  Everything comes down to this. McKenzie:   Next time on "Face Off"...  Let's talk about   your final challenge.  - I want to win this.  - I'm just getting less   and less happy with it.  - [grunts] Oh.   The whole mold falls apart.  - What is it? I don't know.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 