Face Off: Season 13, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Face Off 
 s13e3 - Aztec Aliens - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Face Off (2011–…): Season 13, Episode 3 - Aztec Aliens - full transcript 
 The artists have to create ancient aliens that could have been the inspiration for Aztec Gods. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  .  McKenzie: Previously,   on "Face Off: Battle Royale."  The artists created   whimsical monsters.  Walter's police-bunny   brought him the win,  but Sasha and Jo fell short in the first elimination challenge  and were sent home.  And tonight...   We're delving into the world  of a brilliant ancient culture. - I'm ready to go.   - I wanna take away  some of the human form. - But that doesn't take it away. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I don't know   what I'm gonna do.  - The face is not coming out.  I'm screwed.  [dramatic music]  - This is "Face Off:   Battle Royale."  [all cheers]  [exciting music]  ? ?  [electronic music]  ? ?  all: Ooh.   - What?  We walk into the lab  and I see stones and leaves.  I'm like, "What's going on?"  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Good morning, guys.   all: Good morning.  - Congratulations  on making it past the first round of eliminations.  - Thank you.  - This week,  we're delving into the world of a brilliant ancient culture that believed  in 13 levels of heaven, the Aztecs. The Aztecs left behind  intricate parchments with colorful images  of the gods they worshipped and advanced technology that remains unexplained  to this day. Now, some do theorize  that this technology was given to them  by ancient alien visitors and that the images of the gods  they left behind were actually  the aliens themselves. - Nice.  - So your Spotlight Challenge is to choose the image  of an Aztec god and create an ancient alien  that might have inspired it. - That's great.  [laughs]  Aliens.   I love that.  That speaks to me   immediately.  I got so many ideas.   I'm ready to go.  On season seven,   I was a bottom look  on our ancient alien challenge,  so I really wanna redeem myself   and show the world  that I know   how to make an alien  and I know how to make   a good alien.  - And the scrolls next to me represent the gods that you'll have to choose from. They are:  Quetzalcoatl, the feathered serpent   creator God;  Tezcatlipoca,   the god of war and conflict;  Tlaloc,   the god of rain and lightning; Xochipilli,   the god of fertility;  and Tonatiuh,   the sun god.  Okay, there are two scrolls  for each god. So remember,  when you choose one, you're also choosing  your battle partner. Damien, you're up first. ? ?  - I'll...  go with you.  ? ?  - May the gods be with me.  - So our head  to head battles this week are Damien versus Graham, Derek versus Matt, Yvonne versus Mel, Kelly versus Walter...   - We got this.  - And Kevon versus Jordan. And before I send you off  to work, just a quick reminder  that the winner of this week's  Spotlight Challenge will receive  the help of an expert in next week's challenge. Good luck.  See you soon. - See you.   [all murmur]  ? ?  - I choose Tlaloc,   the god of rain and lightning. So I take what's ancient alien  and Meso-American in culture  and merge those two   with colors and symbols  of water and lightning.  I'm a big fan of   the Peruvian elongated skulls.  I know it is a risk   to incorporate that  'cause it is   the classic alien look,  but I think it'll really tie in   to Aztec culture.  I'm battling Derek   since he also chose Tlaloc.  I love Derek's work.  I think he's an amazing   artist and designer,  so I'm really excited to see  who comes out on top   in this challenge.  ? ?  - I'm reading about Tlaloc,   and it says that  he has features   of a jaguar and jaguar teeth.  So I'm giving my alien   a jaguar exoskeleton.  On the scroll,   he has big, googly eyes,  but I'm going with no eyes  just to stay away from   that traditional alien look.  My biggest worry is that  it might read   more creature than alien  and all the pieces I wanna   incorporate in my character  are gonna be a lot,  but I feel like it needs it   and I need to step it up.  I really wanna win this   challenge.  - So I picked Tonatiuh.  He's the god of sunlight   and warmth,  and, uh, in exchange for that   sunlight and warmth,  the Aztecs sacrificed   thousands of people to him  every single year.  I'm going with   a more traditional alien  that has bright yellow skin  and this crazy   bio-mechanical gear  that emits rays   of sunlight and warmth.  I really got to make sure   I'm on my game  because I know Graham's gonna be out looking for blood this time. I know you're coming for me,   Graham.  - I choose Quetzalcoatl,  the feathered serpent   creator god.  In the artwork on my scroll,  it has big mohawk hair  and something   that looks like a beak,  but I don't wanna use feathers,  so I decide that my alien's   going to have  a sleek face  with a very harsh, pointy mask.  I wanna incorporate   the ring around the neck  as a cool color.  She's gotta look fierce.  I'm battling Walter,  and we've both won a challenge  as an All-Star  so this is gonna be interesting. Two winners going head to head.  - I got Tezcatlipoca,   the god of war and conflict,  and I'm going to be   battling Kevon,  which is really crazy  because Kevon's from my season.  So this should be   an interesting battle.  So I start blocking out   the face.  Just kind of feeling out   the clay.  I start off   with a more elongated,  traditional head for an alien,  and then I had to   incorporate aspects  from the actual drawing   on my scroll.  There's a lot of circles   throughout the head area  that I'm turning into   membranes.  There's also this gold mask,  and I think it'd be really cool   to have that reveal  a mouth full of black,   gnarly gums and teeth.  - Now we're [bleep] talking,  Jordan.  - You like it?   - Yeah.  - I'm very, very far outside   my comfort zone right now.  [both laugh]  - I'm not really   too into aliens,  but I'm really liking where   my shapes and forms are going  with my sculpture.  ? ?  - Mel and I have Xochipilli,   the god of fertility.  I'm actually really excited   for this  'cause I think of life   and plants,  and there's a lot of leaf-like  shapes in the scroll,  so I wanna make leaves  that are growing out of her  to give, like,   a crown-like feel,  but then I want distinct   alien features in the face,  and I want her holding a baby  as her prop   to represent fertility.  ? ?  - Xochipilli's associated   with butterflies  and four suns and seven flowers, so I'm incorporated a butterfly   on the face  as part of the anatomy   and then working in  some of the sun   and flower elements as well,  and I hope it reads.  It's reading like a butterfly,  you think? - No.  - But it doesn't.  - If you're going for fish,  that's pretty good. - Graham tells me   it looks like a fish.  - Oh, that's cool.   Kind of fishy.  - I don't want it to be fishy.  And then Damien tells me   that he loves my fish.  So now I need to figure out  how to make this alien   less fishy  without me starting over.  ? ?  - Tonatiuh.   Tonatiuh.  I have Tonatiuh,   the sun god.  He's the center   of the Aztec calendar,  so in my design,   his face is the center  and sort of radiates out   into a sun shape,  but rather than emitting light,  I'm thinking maybe his skin   is metallic  and he actually reflects light.  - Oh, that's cool.   - Yeah, it's totally different  than everyone else's though.   - So?  It's good.   - So, might not be an alien.  [deep demonic voice]  We'll see.  I'm hoping the judges   are gonna say it's unique,  but who knows?  Maybe they'll like   a regular, old alien.  [sighs]  ? ?  - Hi, everybody.   all: Hey.  - I selected  the feathered serpent. He is believed to be  a flying reptile.   - Mm-hmm.  - So I wanna do,   like, a feathered mohawk,  and then bring, like,  a scale pattern up.  - Now what about the rest  of the body?  - I've seen so many makeups that are just this and they win  and they do good, so... - Yeah.   - I really wanna focus on this  and do a really good job. - Well, it could be  a time saver for you.  I think you're right on.   - Cool.  - What god did you select?  - Tezcatlipoca, the god of war. This face is gonna be divided  into three stripes,  and then on top,  I wanna give it a color pattern  that is going to represent   the stripes.  - What are you gonna do  in the mouth?  Are you gonna put teeth in?   - Maybe.  I haven't thought about it.   - I wouldn't even do a maybe.  This is the god of war,  and he's nasty...  - Okay, teeth.   - And he's mean,  and when he does...  one of those things,  he's badass.  - Yeah, all right. - What Meso-American character  did you select?  - Xochipilli.   He's the god of fertility.  I saw this marking on the face.  I thought it'd be interesting  if it was sort of, like, a butterfly on the face, but two people have said  this looks like a fish, which doesn't feel great.  [laughs] - You wanna say beautiful  or pretty, but it's a fish.  [dramatic music]  This is the challenge.   - But I wanna take away  some of the human form,  you know? - Well, but that really  doesn't take it away.  That makes it look like  you're doing a fish.  - I'm starting to feel   really stressed out  because my face   still looks fishy.  - Yeah.  - I have burned the first   two hours of the day  and I don't wanna start over,  so if Mr. Westmore doesn't know   how I can fix this,  I don't know what I'm gonna do.  ? ?  .  [dramatic music]  - Two people have said   this looks like a fish.  - Well, you know, to me,  it looks like a fish.  Your nose.  - I feel really stressed out  because my fertility god's face   still looks fishy  and I don't wanna start over,  so I don't know   what I'm gonna do.  - You say you wanna  make her be beautiful...  - Yeah.   - And you're creating wrinkles  all over her face.  This is the challenge.  On your design here,   it has a type of nose,  but it's a little higher up.  This needs to be toned  down tremendously.  - That's great. Thanks, Mr. Westmore.   - Good luck.  - Mr. Westmore, as usual,   gives me great advice.  So now I can move past   this fish nose.  - God of war?  Okay.  - In the story,   it mentions obsidian a lot  and a darker,   almost black skin tone.  - You don't wanna   make him obsidian because--  I mean, it'll totally disappear  unless you did so much  highlighting in there.  - Yeah, uh, what I'm thinking  about doing is start him out,  like, a translucent white, and then do several washes  of a darker area, and a lot of the raised areas will keep that translucent white  alien look.  - That's a good look. - I'm going with  plant-like forms... - Mm-hmm.   - Because I just feel like  it's more mothering   to have her a female.  - Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.   - I wanted to go with  an older version 'cause she's  the one that passes on life  to the people  that birth the newborn. - I think lengthen this mouth  a little bit,  especially if you're gonna try  to do some old age in here.  - Right.   - Bye, everybody.  - See you later.   - Bye, thank you.  - Bye.   - Bye.  [electronic music]  ? ?  - Mr. Westmore   helped me with the face,  but I'm still a little hung up   on this cowl right now.  I like asking Kelly for advice   'cause she shoots straight,  and that is really   what I need right now.  If on the head,  maybe this particular alien wears a few ornamental parts.   - [inhales sharply]  - Just a few things  that it wears. - No, the way you were  throwing it on there,  it wasn't reading very well.  I'm not gonna [bleep]  lie to you.  Don't get too lost in the little details of the illustration.  Think of the whole character.   - Mm-hmm.  - You got this [bleep].   - Thank you.  My objective is to make   a badass war god  and if I have   a goofy looking cowl,  I don't think   it's gonna get me there.  So I'm going to focus  on making it   more anatomically sound.  ? ?  - Is it done?   - Well, what do you think?  Does it look done?   - Sure.  - Once I build the face,  the next thing I need to start   thinking about immediately  is how to make these fins.  He has this large orb   in the center of his forehead, and behind that,  it kind of fades up   to the shape really nicely.  So I start to create   some bone structure  for what I consider the fin,  and I start vacuforming that  to see what that shape's   really gonna look like.  It's got the shape   that I'm looking for.  It's has this nice wing,  almost Dilophosaurus   kind of look,  and I think it's gonna work.  [growls] - One hour, everyone.  ? ?  - That's time, guys.  - No.   - Ow.  - Sorry, Damien   belly button holed me.  ? ?  [laughter,   overlapping chatter]  - Hey, Damien.   - Hey, Graham.  - How's your foam?  How am dat? - It came out good.   - Good for you, friend.  Good for you.  - It's day two of   our ancient alien challenge,  and the first thing I do is   a latex pool of my face  because I need to sculpt   my character's mask.  Since they are   misinterpreting her  as a godlike-looking bird,  I need the mask   to look like a beak  but still have   a futuristic design to it.  So I got my work ahead of me.  ? ?  - I've already sculpted   a really traditional alien,  and I know that my paint job   is gonna bring  a lot of that Aztec-ian   sun god feeling to it,  but I don't feel like   it's gonna be enough Aztec.  My god actually   has this amazing headdress  that's very ornate   and hanging off his head,  so I decide rather than   actually copying that helmet,  I'm just gonna take pieces   of the anatomy  and try to pull some Aztec   influence into this helmet.  It looks almost exactly   like my concept drawing,  and I'm pretty excited   to see how it turns out.  ? ?  - For my cowl, I wanna convey  a feeling of elegance   yet dominance.  It's beautiful, but it is   very dangerous as well.  Man, that's just fun to look at.  I dig it. - Thanks, dude.  So I go in with   a lot of the filigree work  and the crop circles--   to me, that says alien--  and then I make sure   I incorporate  the Meso-American symbology   on the cowl.  It's, like, integrated   into his biology.  It's really coming together.  I'm extremely excited and happy   with the visuals.  ? ?  - I'm sculpting my cowl,   my chest, and my hand pieces,  all pretty much   at the same time.  The cowl's gonna mimic   the shapes of the face.  The chest is gonna have   a big open area in the middle  with the exoskeleton   features flowing out.  - It's gonna be, like, the bones  protruding or whatever? - Yeah, some--  something like that.  - That's cool.   - Thanks.  And since my structure is   all bone structure,  I'm gonna do the same things   for the top of the hands.  I'm a little bit worried   about time  'cause this is a lot to mold   and I feel like maybe  I bit off a little bit more   than I can chew,  but I definitely wanna stand out  from the crowd  and be on top,   so I'm taking this risk.  ? ?  - So glad I made this   in monster clay right now.  Once I have the mask sculpted,  I take it over to the vacuform  so that I can take   some thermoplastic and...  [mimics vacuum]   Snap it on there.  I know that the heat   can reactivate my clay,  so I wait   for the last possible moment  to put my sculpture   underneath there.  Kind of worked.   I cut out the plastic.  I take off the mask,  and I go to clean the clay out,  but the face is not coming out.  Man, I should've put   a release agent on this.  Turns out that I didn't put   any release on it,  and since it's so thin,  scraping clay out   can ruin my mask,  and I don't have time   to sculpt another one.  This mask is crucial   to my concept.  I'm screwed.  [dramatic music]  .  [dramatic music]  - I can't believe this.  I vacuformed a mask   for my alien,  but I didn't put any release   on the clay  and now it's stuck   to the plastic.  I'm scraping and clawing  and it's not coming out.   [bleep].  I finally get to the point   where it's good enough.  I'm not going to have   to redo the face,  but I gotta work smart.  This is "Face Off."  No more [bleep] mistakes.  [electronic music]  ? ?  - I'm sculpting   a decorative chest piece  to give a more ancient Aztec   look to my character,  but it's also integral   to the design.  I wanted to have   a literal reference to my god, so I'm incorporated   lightning bolt hieroglyphs  since Tlaloc is  the god of lightning and water.  It's not too big, so it's not   gonna be too much of a hassle. There's just enough time   to get it molded  so I can have it ready   for tomorrow.  - What you doing?   - Trying to make an over mask.  - An ugly mask?   - An over mask.  - Oh, over--  [laughs] - I'm making an over mask  that goes over top   of my alien's face  to represent the gold mask   drawing on my scroll.  [machine hissing]  So once I've got   my mask sculpted,  I rush it over to the vacuform,  then I base out the mask   in black,  then I drybrush it gold.  I didn't get around   to doing everything  that I wanted to today,  but my mask is done   for the most part  and I'm pretty happy with it.  If I do as clean of a makeup   that I know I can,  I can win my battle with Kevon.  - Last 30 minutes, everyone.  ? ?  - All right, guys, that's time.  - Good job, everyone.   Well done.  - [sighs]   - Am I happy with what I did?  It's the end of day two,  and I'm pretty proud   of what I got done.  I got a collar.  I got a cowl.  I got a face.  I got my hair.  I just need to go in with   a little bit of rub and buff  and, bam,  we got metal.  - That's awesome. - I'm going to kill it tomorrow. - Not bad, Kelly.  ? ?  - Go, go, go, go, go.  - Oh, God.   What do I got?  - Not so bad.  - Looks like it came out. - The first thing I do is   check on my hand molds,  clean 'em out,   slap some latex in there.  Let it dry while I pre-paint.  I'm the only one that got   a chest piece done,  and it's gonna be tough   going back and forth,  but today's all   about multitasking.  All right.  - Whoo!   - Hey.  - Hello!   - Hey, girl.  - Hi.   - How are you?  - Good, how are you?  - What's up, dude?   - Chase.  - Ugh, this thing has  so many little details. I really like to pre-paint  because it gives me   a lot more time in Last Looks.  I can just walk in   and feel calm.  I have an opportunity   to fine-tune  instead of damage control.  So the more I can   get off my plate,  the better shape I'll be in.  ? ?  - Mask on.   - This part is so scary  'cause if you mess it up,  it's all over.  I begin to apply to the face.  Is it on the nose?   - Close.  - But I'm having   one hell of a time  trying to make the face   fit properly.  Oh, [bleep].  Now, if I can,  I'll try and stretch it higher.  I'm just terrified  I'm gonna ruin this edge.  It's taking more time   than I want it to,  but I just got to keep going.  How about that?   - That's better.  - Okay, good. ? ?  - This is gonna be   the most intricate paintjob  I have ever done.  I plan to make a fade pattern   on each individual scale,  and there's probably   100 or so scales on him.  ? ?  It's taking a lot of time,  but it will be well worth it.  So Kelly's in trouble   on this one.  - You can go ahead  and sit back down for a minute. I'm gonna grab an air--  another airbrush so I can base you out.   I really wanna redeem myself  from my Egyptian alien   from season seven.  That was actually   the only challenge  that we had Ve Neill   as one of our judges,  and I painted a yellow alien   that she hated.  So this time, I'm gonna paint   a yellow alien  that she's gonna love.  So I fill up this giant   [unintelligible] hopper gun  and I just start   basing him out  in a giant cloud of yellow,  then I spatter in contour   with some oranges and reds,  bring those colors in,  and I really wanted to do   a crazy, unique,  reptilian kind of pattern   coming off his back  and around his stomach.  This makeup is gonna either live  or die with the paintjob,  and I'm just having   tons of fun doing it.  ? ?  - Hold still.  This part's integral.  I'm applying these fins   to the cowl  to really get the sun shape   out of his head.  I take a little bit of hot glue   and tack it all together,  stand back, then I'm thinking, "Maybe these could use   something else.  "Metallic feathers?  That might be pretty cool."  - All right.  I can dig it. - Let's see how this fits you. There's 45 minutes left  and I have most of this painted, but I'm a little nervous  because it's the first time   I'm seeing it on her together.  No, that is a mistake.  She looks like   a plucked chicken.  That's freaking me out.   [bleep].  This has a long way to go.  I've spent the last three hours  pre-painting this to make my   Last Look simple,  and instead   it's gonna be frantic.  ? ?  - So I'm at a decent point   with my paintjob.  All of my membrane areas   are coming out  exactly how I wanted them to.  I need to see if my over mask   is gonna fit properly.  Let's see if this even works  at all.  Once I bring it up   to my model's face,  I realize that it really   kind of throws off  the entire shape of my alien.  Yeah, it's, like, stupid.  So I decide to scrap it.  That sucks.   At this point, I'm just glad  that it's not   an elimination challenge.  If it doesn't work,  it doesn't work.  - 15 minutes.  ? ?  - All right, guys, that's time.  - Time's up,   and there's no mistaking  that this is a sun god,   so I'm super stoked.  - [sighs]   - That looks awesome, dude.  - Thanks, man.  - And then I   look over at Damien,  and he just nailed   his paintjob.  It looks so cool right now.  We got one hour left.  I can't just let him   run over me.  I'm gonna have to come with it.  All right, bring it on.   Let's go, Damien.  .  [dramatic music]  - I'm trying not to panic,  but it's terrifying   going into Last Looks...  Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.  Knowing I only have an hour   to fix this.  Not only do I have   to change her silhouette,  but I have   to change my paintjob  that I just spent   three and a half hours doing.  ? ?  - Bam.   Oh, all right.  I should've put more detailed   painting into the helmet,  but I'm trying to make   the decision on whether or not  to actually   paint my model's back  'cause I'm really happy   with the paintjob  that I have on his chest,  there's just   not enough time for both.  [bleep].  So I decide it's definitely   gonna be worth it  to leave my helmet   where it's at  and go full bore   with the body paint.  ? ?  - So I'm contouring   as fast as I can.  I'm trying to really   punch up these colors,  and I look over at Damien  and I'm like,   "Are you kidding me?"  Oh, [bleep].   The back?  He's painting the back?  So I'm, like,   calming myself down.  I'm like, "I can beat that."  Where's my pack of black?  ? ?  - It looks ganky.   Okay, where's my scissors?  I'm cutting this off.  Time is running out   in Last Looks,  and the gold armor   I put on my model,  it's just not working.  Ugh, there's no [bleep] way.  There's no [bleep] way.  I don't want it to distract  from all the other work   that I've done,  so I scrap it.   I like that.  - 15 minutes! ? ?  - That's time.  [overlapping chatter]  - All right.   I mean...  it's better.  Time is up,   and she looks  a thousand times better   than before Last Looks.  It's really just gonna come down to what the judges   are gonna think.  [exhales] ? ?  - Good evening, everyone.  Welcome to the  "Face Off" reveal stage. Please say hello  to our fantastic series judges.  Owner of Alchemy Studios,  Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   all: Hi, Glenn.  - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning   makeup artist Ve Neill.  - Hello again, everyone.  - Hello, Ve.   - Good evening, Ve.  - And, of course, creature and   concept designer Neville Page.  - Hi, guys.   - Hey, Neville.  - Hi, Neville.   - All right, let's get to it.  For your Spotlight Challenge, we asked you to select  an image of an Aztec god and create the ancient alien  who might've inspired it. So let's take a look  at your creations. Derek and Matt,  you are our first battle. ? ?  - It looks cool.   I really like it.  The details are showing,  but I don't know if it's enough  for the judges to notice.  ? ?  - Derek's is very primitive   and Aztec.  I don't see anything  symbolizing water or lightning,  so I'm thinking I may have   a good shot at this.  - I'm really liking   how all the colors  are contrasting   with one another.  I'd like it to look maybe   a little bit more natural,  but I'm still   overall happy with it.  ? ?  - I'm watching the lights   reflect off of him  and it's totally giving   that whole vibe  that he's, like,   this shiny sun god,  so I think I might've   won this battle.  - I really like this one.  My makeup looks very,   very warrior.  I think this could definitely be  a win for me.  - I'm really loving   the head area.  It reads really well from afar,  so I'm happy with the makeup.  ? ?  - I like mine more   the more I'm looking at it,  but there's   a lot to look at it.  I'm proud of this makeup,   but it's not my favorite.  - I like the way my god looks. She looks godly,   and I think she looks alien.  I'm hoping I win this battle.  - My alien walks on stage   and it's fierce.  The eye makeup brings   an attitude to her face,  so I'm happy.  ? ?  - My ancient alien   looks powerful.  He has a presence that none   of the other ones have.  This is the coolest makeup   I think I've ever done.  - All right, judges,  go ahead and take a closer look at these amazing aliens.  [upbeat dramatic music]  - Some really cool-looking  alien designs going on.  - It's super cool.  It's just it missed a lot of the alien aspect. It looks more like a creature.  - Well, it looks like Matt went  with the aquatic theme for sure. - There's this alien shape  to the head that inspires the headdresses  and the shapes  of their ornamentation, which is the core  of this challenge.  Beautifully executed form. This is way better up close. - The palette   is so beautifully done.  - There's some really strong  design elements in her helmet.  - Oh, yeah.  It's fantastic. - This doesn't feel  like alien tech. It doesn't feel functional. It feels like  a ceremonial headdress. - There's a cohesive design,   but it feels clumsy.  ? ?  It feels like the top  of the head is a separate design element  from the entire face. - I think this paintjob   is completely wrong  for this challenge. We've seen this design  quite a few times before. - But it is done well.  - It sort of feels sketched in.  Like he decided to go back  and add all the details to it. - Wow, there's a lot going on   on this baby.  - I just like that  it's a completely different  and unique approach. - But it doesn't feel  like it fits in within  that cultural inspiration. ? ?  I think it's a remarkable  bit of work.  - I don't know how that  translates  to what we're looking for.  Translating it  as an organic shape, I think, is a huge misstep.  ? ?  - The shapes themselves  couldn't be further off  from the type of art  that we're looking at. - It's taking a step backwards in quality and sophistication.  - Freaking gorgeous.   - Beautiful paintjob.  - What's happening   up in there is so beautiful.  Thank you.  [dramatic music]  - All right, the judges  have chosen the winners and losers from each battle. - It's very stressful   waiting for the results  because I'm the only person   that hasn't won one battle.  - Let's find out   who came out on top.  - If I lose this battle,   then I don't know  if I can even catch up   in this competition  - All right, guys,   It's time to get on Twitter  and tell us who you think   won tonight's battles  using #FaceOff.  .  - The judges have  chosen the winners and losers of each battle.  Let's find out  who came out on top. In battle number one,   Derek versus Matt,  the winner is...  Matt.  [applause]  In battle number two,   Damien versus Graham,  the winner is...  Damien.  [applause]  In battle number three,   Kevon versus Jordan,  the winner is...  Jordan.  [applause]  In battle number four,  Mel versus Yvonne,  the winner is...  Mel.  [applause]  ? ?  And finally,   in battle number five,  Kelly versus Walter,  the winner is...  Walter.  [applause]   - [mouthing]  Congratulations  to all the victors. Now, the judges would like   to speak with some of you  to find out more  about your work. Kelly, please step forward.  - [mouthing]  ? ?  - Hello, Kelly.   - Hey.  - Tell us about   your Quetzalcoatl concept.  - She's a bounty hunter,   and her name is The End,  and she's  a one woman Death Star. She's sent to destroy Earth, but instead she falls in love with the brutality of  the Aztec culture and history. - It doesn't feel like  it fits into this challenge. ? ?  You should be able  to readily recognize  in the alien some version  of what becomes their art, their translation of that thing, and this feels very divergent from the core of the challenge. - Quetzalcoatl   was supposed to be,  like, a feathered serpent,   almost like a dragon,  and I don't see any qualities  of that in this makeup at all, in coloring and/or styling or anything.  - I see a hint   of serpentine aesthetic  with what might be  on the forehead scales, but that feels more  Greco-Roman inspired than it does what the  source material is giving you. ? ?  - Thank you, Kelly.   You can step down.  ? ?  Damien, you're next.  ? ?  - Damien, please tell us   about your sun god deity.  - He comes from a planet  that only has two suns  and no night time, so that's why his skin's  yellowed and hardened and wrinkled over time, and, uh, when he comes  to visit Earth, they actually have  this bio-mechanical armor that helps keep  their bodies warm since we have night time. - Well, I got to tell you,  he is spectacular.  Could you just   remove the robe again?  This paintjob you did  is phenomenal. The fact that he is supposed to be, like, a sun god. He is so colorful and fantastic and just all around bitchin'. I don't know how else to put it. - Thank you so much.  - The sculpture on the face is really complex  and sophisticated  and interesting, and then you've got  the bio-mechanical helmet. Just so well done. Beautiful character head to toe.  - Thank you so much.  - This is  a really interesting nose shape  I've never seen before,  and I love that  you were able to get in there and you hand painted  those vacs for the eyes too. - Yeah, everything's  hand painted. - It looks like   a team-challenge effort.  It looks like two people  working on this thing. - Thank you.   - Damien, you can head back.  - Thank you, guys.  ? ?  - All right,   let's talk to Graham.  - Hey, Graham.   - Hello there.  - Tell us about   your sun-god-inspired alien.  - So I tried to go with a round,  sun-like shape,  and the idea was he dropped down  and assumed the role of God. - My problem with this  is it feels mask-y. ? ?  The way you chose to transition  from face to the vacuform piece  and then to the feathers,  there's no organic transition. I don't know  what I'm looking at other than a mask.  - This seems more like a man  that's taken the guise  of the alien that inspired it when what we were really looking  for was the alien himself. - I hear that, though.   - I think my favorite part  about this makeup   is your color palette.  I love the bronze and the gold   and the copper and all that,  but you blended them  all together so there's no definition  between any of them. So this is a big miss  for me this week. - Graham, thank you so much.   Please head back.  ? ?  I think it was good  - Matt, please step forward.  - Hello, Matt.   - Hello.  - Tell us about  your ancient-alien concept. - I wanted to go very aquatic  with the coloring. Also, I wanted to put some Meso-American structures  into his cowl and some of his high points,  so his cheeks, his jawline, to try to tell some story  going on in his biology. - The sculpture's just stunning. The Meso-American shapes  that you spoke of that you've integrated  into the organic forms truly feel bio-mechanical.  I love that. That's a great way  to have put the technology and the shapes in it  instead of on it, something I wouldn't have  thought of myself. - Thank you.   - Your paintjob is amazing.  I love the turquoise coloring. You really do have   the reflection of the water  and the lightning  and that whole feeling. Very nice job this week, dear.  - Thank you.   - The whole character  is just striking.  Breaking out and highlighting  around the brow, the nose, and at the chin, it frames these  ornamental moments, and that's what graphic design  is all about. It's bloody fantastic.  - Thank you so much.   - Matt, you can step down.  ? ?  All right.   Thank you, guys.  If you'd please   head back to the makeup room  while the judges deliberate.  ? ?  All right, judges,  let's start  with some of your favorites  tonight.  How about Damien's work?  - It's so delightful to see   that kind of form development  in such a unique way. - And the helmet contains   the form language  that so effectively ties it  to the Meso-American art.  It really looks like  that could've inspired the way  that they draw their gods.   - And the paintjob.  How did he have time   to do that paintjob?  - All right,   let's move on to Matt.  - Utterly skillful   and nuanced sculpting,  and the specific choices   of doing that reference  to the cultural ornamentation?  So beautiful.  - It really hit its mark  by creating   bio-organic mech shapes  built into the skin  that inspired the art  that was at the core  of this challenge.  - Let's talk about some of   your bottom looks tonight.  Why don't we start with Kelly? - It had nothing to do   with the challenge.  It was the wrong color.  She didn't have one piece   of referenced anything,  on that character. - This alien doesn't look   anything like the art,  so how are you   fulfilling the challenge?  - All right, and let's,   finally, talk about Graham.  - The entire makeup ended up   being a ceremonial mask.  It did not describe   advanced alien technology  or much  of the cultural reference. - The feathers really   just put it  right into the party hat zone. That was so silly.   - All right, judges.  Have you made your decision?   all: Yeah, we have.  - Okay.   Let's bring 'em back out.  ? ?  Welcome back, guys. Glenn, who is the winner   of tonight's challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  ? ?  McKenzie: The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip  from Kryolan   Professional Make-up  to one of their   85 international locations,  an all-new Fiat 500,  and $100,000.  .  - Glenn, who is the winner   of tonight's challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  [dramatic music]  Damien.  [rock music]  You really killed it this week   with your old school alien.  We loved the paintjob,  we loved the helmet homage   to the source material,  and the graphic design   was absolutely outstanding.  Well done.   - Thank you so much.  It's cool to win   on an alien challenge.  It's cool to redeem my alien.  It's great to get   a "bitchin'" from Ve.  That's probably the best part. I'm pretty stoked that   I've gotten to join the ranks  of the bitchin' makeups.   [laughs]  - Damien, congratulations.  Excellent work this week.   - Thank you.  - Now, because you have won  this non-elimination challenge, you will get the help  of an industry expert in next week's battle. Your expert has spent  the last 15 years working as a makeup artist. He's contributed his talents on some of Hollywood's  biggest films and television shows, including "Mad Max: Fury Road," "Star Trek: Into Darkness,"  "Guardians of the Galaxy:   Volume Two,"  and "American Horror Story:   Hotel."  He's a three-time  Emmy Award winner. The amazing Mike Mekash. - So awesome.  Mike's worked   on so many movies.  It's gonna be awesome just   to work with him in general,  regardless of what   the outcome is.  - Okay, everyone.  Why don't you all rest up before your next battle round?   - Thanks.  - Bye.   - Bye.  It's not a good feeling   to be on the bottom twice.  This just means   the next challenge,  I gotta bring it back   'cause I am here for a reason.  [dramatic music]  McKenzie:   Next time, on "Face Off."  Welcome to   the Face Off Grand Hotel.  - This is so cool.   - I'd go even bigger.  - I'm not feeling it.  - Your edges are not going down. It's insane.  - I don't know if they're   gonna like this makeup.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 