Face Off: Season 13, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Face Off 
 s13e10 - Through the Looking Glass, Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Face Off (2011–…): Season 13, Episode 10 - Through the Looking Glass, Part 2 - full transcript 
 It's part two of the Face Off: Battle Royale finale, as the artists and their teams create their short film, and one is crowned champion. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  .  - Action.  - Previously  on "Face Off: Battle Royale"...  - You will be creating  whimsical characters  who will star in  a Wonderland-themed short film.  - It's a wonderland! - I feel great  we don't have to resculpt   any of our pieces.  - It needs to look  more like a fox.  - Yeah. I have no idea   how this is gonna play out.  - You want to win $100,000?   - Yeah.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Then make the best damn  gingerbread man I've ever seen.  - This challenge has been   one long nightmare.  - And, tonight...  - John has made a big change  to the script.  - Ouch.  - This is just   the worst news possible.  - Let me know when you're ready. - Adrenaline's flowing   through me,  and I'm just really hoping   that this isn't the one thing  that's gonna keep me   from winning this whole thing.  - Quiet on set!   Action!  - This is it.  My heart's going   a million miles an hour,  but nothing's gonna stop me  from winning this whole finale.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - This is where  we'll actually be shooting. - I need this.   I'm hungry for it,  and I really, really want this.  - The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  is...  - This   is "Face Off: Battle Royale."  [cheers]  [exciting music]  ? ?  - All right, guys, now that  you've gotten your feedback  and you've seen  your characters on camera,  you'll have two more days  to revise and re-create  your makeups  before filming starts.  John, I thought  they did pretty well.  What do you think?  - Think you guys did  really well. There's a little bit of work  still to be done,  but I think we're gonna  be okay. - Before you all head home,  John has made a big change  to the script.  - Of course. - He has an idea  that will elevate  the final film,  and it involves you guys  each making a third character.  - Ouch.  [chuckling]  This is a lot of pressure.  It's just taken it   to a whole new level,  and I'm really nervous.  - This is just   the worst news possible.  Now   I have to restart two makeups  and then dump another one   on top of it.  I can't think   of any worse of a scenario.  - So here's  the general idea, guys.  As Alice moves  through the mirror,  she herself is gonna change, and our real-world Alice  is going to evolve  into something  that's better suited  for your individual scenes. - Now, John has revised  the scripts  to include  some brief descriptions  on how Alice appears  in each of your scenes,  and he will be coming by the lab in the morning  to walk you all through it.  In the meantime,  we obviously know  that this is a big deal,  and we're not gonna  leave you hanging.  Let's get you some more help.  - Where are they at?   - Guys, come on out.  ? ?  [applause]  - Welcome back. - Okay, you each get to pick  one more teammate.  Jordan, you're first.  - Jo.   - Yay!  Hello, everybody.  - Matt, you're next.   - Sasha.  - Congratulations.   - And, of course, Walter.  - You're stuck with me.   - Aw.  - Good to see you, man.  - All right, I do have  one more surprise for you.  - [groans]   - It's gonna be good, though.  I promise.  We have  a very special guest judge  joining us  for this season's finale.  He's one of the most prolific  and accomplished makeup artists  of all time,  ranking inside the top-ten list  of people with the most  all-time Oscar wins.  Seven-time Academy Award winner  Rick Baker.  [cheers and applause]  - That's so awesome. This is awesome.  To have Rick Baker judging   one of my makeups  in the finale for "Face Off,"  this is a dream come true.  - All right.  I will see you all on set  in a few days.  Good night,  and good luck, everyone.  - Thank you.   - Hell, yeah.  - Rick Baker, dude.   That's cool.  [upbeat rock music]  ? ?  - Alice emerges from beneath   a table with a velvet cover  and finds herself  in a throne room. She looks down at her hands,   which look like  those of a wooden toy. So we get to the lab today   and read the script,  and we find out   that it's a wooden Alice,  and that, to me, screams   very toylike,  a lot of textures,  and I'm really excited   about this take.  - Good morning.  - Good morning.   - How you guys doing?  All right, so,  dropped a little bombshell  on you guys last night.  Where you guys at?  - We wanted   to keep the feminine side,  but we also wanted to bring   that toy aspect, and wooden,  so we wanted to bring in a little bit of filigree in here and do some grain texture. - Okay.  Without me having to say much,  you're already on  the right path.  I do have this one shot  that I'll repeat   throughout the film  that's a POV shot  where she does need to look down and realize that, like--  "Oh, my God.  I'm not me. I'm a toy."  You come to set.   You have to be ready to go.  I have a very,  very tight shooting schedule.  All right.   - Awesome.  Get back to it.  I'll see you guys later.  - What about her face?  Do we have any ideas   what we want to do?  I'm just gonna sketch some--  might as well have something,  you know?  - Right now,   I'm not exactly sure  what to do   with the Alice character,  so I'm really looking forward   to a consult with John  just so that I really understand  what he wants.  - So you guys are kind of, like, rebooting a little bit.  - Mm-hmm.   - Where are we at  on terms  of those two creature designs?  'Cause that will help inform  a little bit more of your Alice. - This is kind of more so   the direction  we're gonna take   the Ginger General.  - The General?  - So he'll be way more lovable   and more like a cookie.  - Okay, I love that idea.  I see that you guys  have redesigned her,  so that's good.  - So, she, like, kind of has,   like, a lollipop.  That's her, like, bun,  so we want to keep the form   on a ballerina.  - Right.  - And then  we're gonna give the silhouette. - Okay. Let's talk a little bit   about new Alice.  - Yeah, kind of going with,  like, a soft fondant   kind of character,  giving, like, a doll face.  - Okay.  - Or, like, make it  cool stylized icing. - Exactly.   - Fun stuff like--  - That's exactly it.  Like, icing, dessert--  that's just integrated  into your makeup design.  - Okay. - I have all the faith  in you guys.  - Absolutely.  Thank you so much. - Appreciate it.   - Yeah.  - From Alice's point of view,  she looks around   at giant mushrooms and flowers  and down to see her hands  are now covered in a light fur.  - Howdy, howdy.   - Hey, how's it going?  - Tell me a little bit  what you guys are thinking.  - So we were thinking a bunny.   - Bunny.  I like it.   I like it.  - Can even do, like,   a flat mold with silicone,  where she has,   like, little pads.  - Mm.   - Oh, yeah.  - That mimic,  so that it looks like her hands, but they're sort of   bunny-ing out.  I like that  - It can be paws  or whatever you want to do,  but just make sure  she can hold something.  All right.  I got to get out of here.  Get back to work.  - Yeah, it was good  to see you, man. - Good seeing you.  Good morning,  and good afternoon.  - The most important thing   for us to do  is to knock out   these two characters.  We've got so much on our plate   with Ginger General  and Lollipop Ballerina  that I really want to get those   out of the way.  So Derek's gonna get started  on the Lollipop Ballerina cowl,  while I start   on the Ginger General face.  And since we already made arms  for the Ginger General  but didn't get to run them   in foam,  I really need Yvonne to get   those molded as well.  She'll look very candy-like. I don't want the Alice to be   as much of a failure  as our first characters were,  so I have Kelly coming up   with some basic ideas  to build off of,   then, hopefully,  we'll come up   with something cool.  ? ?  - After our camera test,  I feel great knowing  that we don't have to resculpt   any of our pieces,  so we're really looking   at building up on a foundation that we've already created,  and, to me,   that's where you can bring it  to a whole new level.  As far as, like,  everything up here goes, I know  you want to do your filigree. - The filigree there.  - I want to sculpt   brand-new arms  for the Tin Jester   and a chest piece,  and, for our Alice character,   we are going to have to sculpt a cowl, a face,   and some joints for her,  and also a bunch of filigree  that we'll implement   in all three characters.  Even though   we have a head start  because we didn't have to   restart anything,  we still got a lot to do.  ? ?  - I'm feeling pretty good   going into the next two days.  For Alice, we're going with   the bunny character,  so I'm having Kevon start  sculpting the face   and the ears.  Mel's working on the face   for the fox character  to give it more fox feel   that John was looking for.  Jo is working on putting  together a upper-body fox suit,  making sure   that it's fitting down nicely  to the mannequin form,  and I'm working on sculpting  this large leg piece   for the grasshopper character. We can run one mold of it   for both sides of his legs.  It's really important   that we get  a lot of these pieces   done today  so that we can come in   on day two  and be ready   for application day.  - Paint it up?   - Hell, yeah.  - Cool. I'll get that done.   - Awesome.  - One hour, everyone!  ? ?  - All right, guys.   That's time.  It just needs to be popped open   tomorrow  ? ?  Let's see how this came out.  - It's day two of our finale,  and we really need to focus   on the Alice character.  I think we should stay away   from, like, the center.  - Okay. I still want her to look   human and beautiful,  but I really want to frame her  face with filigree frosting,  and I want   the hair to look like fondant. Gonna have   Derek take over the face  and Kelly work on the hair.  In the meantime, I'm gonna get   the Ginger General cowl done.  I like the new direction a lot,   so I'm really hoping  that we have time   to do all this.  - I think maybe even putting  some lines on her lips,  kind of like wood--  just very subtle.  - Definitely.  Definitely. - We still got a lot to do.  So, while I'm working   on Alice's face,  Graham's fabricating   the jester staff,  Damien is finishing up   molding the arms,  and Sasha is working   on filigree,  but she's also working   on the ball joints for Alice.  Time management is very crucial, but I think I'll be able   to get everything completed.  ? ?  - That's the first one? - Mm-hmm.   - Oh, nice.  It's really nice   to have all of our pieces  before our application day,  so we can get everything   pre-painted as much as we can. - I think   we can get everything done.  We just got to [bleep] hustle. - Really helps   having Mel along by my side,  making lists,   and keeping things on track.  - Oh!   - Yeah!  I'm getting   more and more psyched.  I'm really thinking   I could win this whole thing.  - We are at 30 minutes exactly.  ? ?  - That's time.  ? ?  Everything just seemed to  stretch out longer than planned, and it really left no time   for pre-paint.  I really want to come back   from this complete redo,  and I want a chance at $100,000. .  [fast-paced break beat music]  - Whoo, whoo, whoo!  - Our team gets to apply first,  since our scene   is gonna be shot first.  I'm both excited and nervous  for our last chance   to get these characters right  and hopefully take   that win home.  - Jo, can you grab me an apron?   - Yeah.  - Oh, it's so weird   no one else is here. Aah!  - Jo and Mel are gonna be   swapping back and forth  between   the fox character and Alice,  while Kevon and I work   on the grasshopper.  - Greetings.   - Morning.  - How you guys doing?   - Good to see you.  - One of the girls  is gonna start on you.  I'm gonna finish   fabricating some pieces.  The grasshopper needs   a lot of spikes  to go up and down   his arms and legs,  so I'm making them  by rolling little chunks   of friendly plastic  and then spraying them green.  Once everything's applied   and painted,  they'll fit into the foam.  - Our biggest revision   has been removing the pants  and making   full grasshopper legs.  All the pieces we made really  gives him that plated bug feel.  Now I got to pull off   the super-detailed paint job  and make everything   flow together.  [crunchy rock music]  - Everything feels okay?  - Yeah, it feels awesome.   - That's good.  So, after I get   Alice's face applied,  I start to lay hair on the fox  and just filled   a big, furry cowl  to match the suit.  There we go. The hardest part is making sure  that all the hair's going   in one direction  and getting it in   as smooth as possible.  Something like that?  - Yeah.   - Okay.  ? ?  - Is that lined up?   - Feels like it.  - In the script,   Alice looks at her hands,  and she sees  that she's growing hair on them, so they're a very big  focal point for this character,  but it's difficult getting them   to lay down nicely.  - Ugh.  This is so thick.  We should've just gotten foam.  It's not going down   the way it's supposed to,  and it just looks   wrinkly and old.  I have to fix this,   and we have no time at all.  I'm blending them   the best I can,  but I have to stop  because I'm burning through   all my paint time.  I'm gonna move on from this  'cause, like, your face  is still not painted.  The hands are important,  but your face is more important. - How much time do we have?  - 26 minutes.   - Damn.  I'm gonna coat the inside   of that cowl real quick.  - Cool.  - In the last few minutes,   things are hectic.  There's brushes   flying everywhere.  We're tripping over things.  Alice is falling behind   the most.  - I need an airbrush.   I need an airbrush.  - But all these characters   have to be camera-ready  before we get to set.  ? ?  That's time, guys.  Time's up.  We done it.   - Thank God.  - It's really nerve-wracking   leaving the lab.  This is the last time   to really impress the judges,  but I'm really happy   with how this came out.  I came back   so that I could take  the entire competition,  and I'm feeling pretty confident  in winning this whole thing.  ? ?  We arrive to set   at this giant mansion.  Everything looks so crazy.  - All right, guys--Jordan--  well done, well done.  - We've got Rick Baker   standing there  with all three of the judges.  This is the moment  that we've all been working for. - We're gonna get down to set.   Get shooting right away.  - All right.   - Let's do this.  - The adrenaline's flowing   through me right now.  I'm pretty amped,   and I'm ready  to get these characters   on camera.  - Let's bring in our fox   and grasshopper, if we can.  - It's pretty cool to be on set  and see   all the behind-the-scenes  of how everything is going.  - You're so handsome.   - [laughs]  - Our   giant grasshopper character,  he has   that very dapper feel to him,  and just to see   a full bug character  there, that we made,   is awesome.  You guys are awesome.   - Back to one, please.  One more.  - And--  let me know when you're ready.  Fantastic job on this.   - Thank you.  - Your grasshopper is sick.   - Thank you.  - Mark.   - Action!  - Look out!  - I like the color palette   on the grasshopper.  I think that he works  really well all over. - The ground is clearly uneven.  - I think   the false grasshopper leg  works really well too. - Yeah.  I do love that tweaked mustache. - I do too.   That's so great.  - Camera cuts! Great job!   Let's move on!  Makeup team,   look at Grasshopper, please.  - The grasshopper--  his knee   literally just fell off.  I'll glue it on for you   real quick.  It won't take long at all.  - Unfortunately,   we're out in the hot sun,  so our characters are sweating   all their pieces off.  We have to do a lot   of touch-ups on our characters and as fast as possible.  So at this point,   I'm just really hoping  that this isn't the one thing  that's gonna keep me   from winning this whole thing.  I think he's looking good.  - Looking good.   - All right, let's go.  Let's do it. Fox, stand-by.   Stand-by. Let's go.  And action!  - Look out!  - I like the teeth.  - It looks like he has   a really nice animated mouth,  and it doesn't feel   just stuck on.  - Mm-hmm.   - Camera cuts!  That's perfect.   Fantastic work!  - It's time   to start filming Alice.  ? ?  I'm kind of worried  'cause Alice   is our weakest character.  - My concern right now   are these hands.  - Yeah.  - What are some options   that we have  to make this look better? - Alice's hands   aren't ready for camera.  It really sucks.  John is disappointed   with the character,  so we have to figure out   how to revamp the hands  and get them ready for film.  - You have five minutes, okay?  Let's go. - We grab some four-way stretch   for her,  stretch those   around her forearms.  Where's those gloves at? - And we grab some white gloves,  slip those over her hands  and start cutting holes   in those  and having some hair poke out   here and there,  just to really kind of sell  as much of the rabbit idea   as possible.  She got furry arms now.   [laughs]  - Camera sets.   And action!  - Where am I?   - The profile is beautiful.  - She does have a great profile,  doesn't she? - Yeah,  she looks very cute in it. - Okay.  That's good, that's good.  - I'm a lot happier now   with how Alice is looking,  and I feel like   John's pretty happy  with the characters   that we've given him.  And I'm just really excited   to see it all put together.  - Yes, yes, yes.   Keep going, and cut!  - Nice.   That was awesome.  - Yeah. - All right, guys.  Listen up, listen up.  That's a wrap  on our garden scene today.  Congratulations.   Well done, team Jordan.  - So, at the end of the shoot, I'm proud of the makeups   that we accomplished.  - I'll see you guys later.  Thank you very much.  - Thank you.   - Yay. Thank you, guys.  - I couldn't have asked   for a better team.  They were just so happy,   so energetic the entire time,  and they had my back   through it all.  I know our team put our all   into this finale,  so I think I've definitely got   a shot at winning.  [all cheer]  .  [upbeat rock music]  ? ?  - It's Valentine's Day.  I choose to own this day  and look at each one   of these makeups  as the last makeup of my life.  Yeah, I think it'd be good  not patching these up at all,   man, like--  - Yeah.   - Should be good.  The plan is to have Graham   finish out the fabrication,  Damien start pre-painting   the jester,  and Sasha just start   finishing up the cape,  and I'm going to patch the seam   and pre-paint Alice's hair.  This is the most work   I've ever done  in this season or any season,  but I've got more than enough   fellow team members  to help me   knock this out of the park.  ? ?  - Aah!   Aah!  - Hey.   - Congratulations.  - Thank you.  - So, we have some jobs  for you guys. - I just really need to start   getting this Alice together.  Dude, I hope we get   all this done in time.  We have so much to do.  This Alice paint job is gonna be  very time-consuming,  so I really need   to get these pieces on  and the base coat of paint  so I can start painting   all the designs.  ? ?  - Is this looking all right?   - Oh, yeah, it's badass, man.  - So far, I'm really happy   with the way  the paint job is turning out   for the Tin Jester.  I think   we have a really good base.  That's good.  We still have to age it  and add some rust   and a little bit of detail,  so I still have   a lot left to do.  [upbeat rock music]  ? ?  - I'm trying to pull this edge  as far as I can get it, so it's nice and tight on him. - The face   on the Porcelain Prince  is coming up a little further   than we wanted  over onto the cowl.  Should we just cut this  right here, do you think?  So we decide   to just cut that piece away  where the crack is,  so it seamlessly blends   into the cowl  without having to apply   another piece.  - Open this up, trim it off, and then glue it down  underneath. ? ?  - One hour left.   - Aah!  [fast-paced metal music]  - Time is running out.  Sasha and I have been working   on the Alice face.  And then Graham calls for help   for the Tin Jester.  - I'm just all over the place.   I'm, like, scatterbrained.  ? ?  That's time, everybody!  - Whoo!   Last "Face Off" makeups ever.  - Yeah!  All three of our characters   look really good.  I'm just hoping   that all these makeups  hold together   and nothing's gonna stop me  from winning this whole finale.  [cymbal shimmering]  [upbeat rock music]  ? ?  We drive up to set,  and it's a beautiful view   of Los Angeles,  but I'm full of nerves because   I'm about to put my makeup  in front of Rick Baker,   and that is intimidating,  but it's also an honor  to have this icon   look at something I created.  - Good to see you again,   brother.  - You too.  - This looks great.   - Thank you.  - Look at this.   I love it.  - That's fantastic.  - All right.   Follow me inside.  Let's make this happen. ? ?  Welcome to set.  - Awesome.  - We walk in,   and all the filigree work  in all the design   of the architecture  just screams, like,   "Alice in Wonderland,"  and it feels like  my characters would exist here,  so I'm really excited   to see them move around  in this new environment.  - Our first setup  is Alice is on the throne.  She's gonna come down,   run towards the mirror.  - Mark.  - Quiet on set!  Action! - Hear, ye, hear, ye? - The sculpture of the hair   manages to say,  "This is carved out of wood."  - I love the filigree  for the eyebrows.  - Yeah, it's very well done.   These guys did their work.  - Guards!   Guards!  - Camera cuts!   - Still kind of cool.  - We really got to make sure   that thing comes out.  - The pull string has to work  to sell   that she's a hard wooden doll, but we made the rope so long   that it still stays in.  - Let's just make it  so it comes out a little easier. - Okay. So we go in,  and we cut the rope down a bit.  - Just cut my excess off here   like that.  - Make sure  it doesn't get in the zipper. As we're doing that,   Sasha's working on touch-ups.  - We're good, John.  - And we all hope  that it works better this time.  - Action!  - Guards!   Guards!  - There we go.   - Yeah.  - It works.  The Porcelain Prince   pulls it out.  It looks great.  It accomplishes   what John wanted  and what we set out to do.  It's just, we got to be ready   to keep making changes  like this   throughout the whole day.  - It's been ages!  - The sheen is perfect on this.  It really has  a nice porcelain quality. - That's an impostor! - That Jester makeup is so good. - The accordion-like activity  of the waist and the head,  it looks like   it's a bouncing spring.  - Camera cuts.   Fantastic. Let's go.  God, your makeup's good.   - Thanks.  It's amazing to be able to   see these characters on film.  It makes me proud.  It makes me happy of myself   and my team  and what we've accomplished.  - All right,   let's finish strong.  Check her hands.  Make sure they look good, okay?  - The last shot of the day   is the most impactful scene.  Alice crawls out   from under the table,  looks at her hands,   and sees the wood grain,  and she's been wearing it   all day,  so I'm really stressed   about that.  - How we doing?  - Just doing a little touch-up.  - We don't even have   any more of that paint,  so we end up   using a Kryolan pencil.  Fingers are crossed.  - Let's do this. Action!  - Alice sits up,   looks at her hands,  and it's perfect.  All the paint's still on.  I don't know how it happened,  but her hands are amazing.  - Cut.   That was fantastic.  - I've never seen someone   so enthusiastic  about the work that I've done.  John was, like, beating me up. Smacking me on the arm,   like, real bro-friendly,  and that's really cool.  - That's a wrap for today.   Thank you very much.  - Whoo!   - Team Matt.  Awesome job.  - That's a wrap.   It's out of my hands.  It has been a whirlwind   of whimsical fun.  Bring it in.  And I'm so proud   and so happy for my team.  I couldn't have done it   without them,  but until I hear   my name called,  I'm not done yet.  .  [dramatic rock music]  ? ?  - This is application day.  I'm feeling very nervous   and a little overwhelmed.  That looks pretty cool.   - Yeah.  - Standing between   me and winning  is three great applications  followed by   three great paint jobs.  Ouf. Edge City over here.  - Really?   - Yeah.  You got your work cut out   for you.  ? ?  - Hello.  How's it going?  - Good, how are you?   - Good to see you.  - Oh, whoa, cool. - It's a total switch-up  from fat suit. - Yeah, a little bit different.  - Our game plan   is I'm gonna pre-paint  the Lollipop Ballerina   cowl,  Derek's gonna stay   on Ginger General  and make sure   he gets completely painted,  Kelly's gonna be taking care   of all the little details,  and I really need Yvonne   to focus on Alice  and getting these incredibly   terrible edges to work.  ? ?  - Alice's hair   is an intricate design,  and cutting out the curls  and making it smooth   like frosting  is taking way more time   than I'd like it to.  It's just [bleep] tedious.   - I know.  - I'm like, "Cool that I did  a cool, intricate sculpt,  but damn it, Kelly."   - Yeah, I know.  - We got to call it good enough   at a certain point  and start painting.  ? ?  - Here we go.  The Alice facepiece   came out really, really thick, so I have to apply Cabo-Patch to  every single edge on her face.  It's gonna be a while  before you can open them. In a perfect world,  this process shouldn't take   too long,  but this is taking   a lot more time  than I anticipated.  - The Lollipop Ballerina cowl  came up and wrinkled   in the front,  so I grabbed some L200,   I shape it into a tiara  to cover up that fold.  It's creating a wrinkle in here.  - Oh.  - So what we're gonna have to do is just hide it with this.  - Okay. - From here, he could probably   get in his wardrobe,  since we're down to an hour.   - Okay.  - I'm really happy   with Ginger General,  but what's not coming together  are the other two characters.  There's almost no paint   on either of them.  It's crucial   that we nail this last hour.  ? ?  That's time.  When time's up,   the Ginger General looks  so incredibly awesome,  but Alice and the ballerina   still need a lot of work.  This is not where I want to be.  I haven't given up,   but we got to rally  and fix it later on set.  ? ?  - Look at that.  - We get out of the van, and--  - Let's just take a bite.   - You look sweet.  - I'm very surprised   everyone seems  to really enjoy our makeups.  It takes my mind off   of how upset I am,  and now I'm pumped   to get started.  - All right, guys.   Let's go inside.  Let's get to set.  - Good luck, guys.   - Thank you.  - This is where  we'll actually be shooting, so take a step in real quick. - As soon as we get inside,  everything   is really great-looking.  There are desserts set up   all over the table  and taxidermy   animals everywhere.  It's wild.  - From where we were  to where we are right now... - Perfect. That's good news.   - Okay?  All right. Here we go.   Let's do it.  Action.  - It's kind of looking   really cool.  - The Ginger General   looks fantastic.  He is fun to watch.  He fits the theme,   he fits the room,  and it's definitely a relief  because the lighting test   was a total failure.  - I like the little  cream filling curlicue thing coming out the top   of his head.  - I want to see how it emotes  when he's doing his dialogue.  - Balderdash.  Clockwise is the only way   to truly stir one's tea.  - It looks pretty good,   actually.  - [laughs]  - And camera cuts.  - [indistinct]  - Okay.   Let's get Lollipop going.  How far away are we on her?  Will she be ready   in three minutes?  - Yes. - The ballerina's   coming together,  but there's a shot where  the lollipop ballerina   has to do a twirl.  - Oh, ho, ho!   Yes!  - Okay, so we got to fix that.  - Of course, the whole collar   and everything falls apart,  so heat-singe her down   and glue things together  and make sure   that it doesn't fall apart  when she twirls around.  - Mark.  - Action!  - We get it to work.  She performs really well,  and it ends up coming together   and looking really cool.  - Join us for tea?  - I like the stuff that's going   on in the back of her head.  - You've almost taken   the wrapper of the lollipop  and then used it as dressing  to display the lollipop color.  - [laughs]  - Camera cuts!  Fantastic. Let's move on   to the next shot, please.  Hey, Walter?   - Yeah?  - I think you need to add in some, like, pink or lavenders  into this swirling so that we can actually see it   on camera.  - It's time   for Alice's close-up,  but she's a giant disaster.  So, really fast,   Yvonne puts lipstick on her,  and Derek and I touch up   the paint,  so it's definitely better   than it was.  - Action! - Please,   I'm only trying to get home.  - Her eyes are   just way too heavy.  - Uh-huh.  But the rework of the paint job  makes it look   like frosting now.  - That's good.  Cut! Let's go to the master  and call it a day. Action!  - Please, I'm only trying   to get home.  - Oh!   - When John mentioned  Walter had to start   completely over,  I did not think   he was gonna be able  to come up   with the likes of this.  - That's impressive in itself. - Camera cuts!  Let's go!  Good day.  Good day, guys.  Congratulations!  Great work, everybody!  - I'm extremely proud   of my team.  We rallied.   we worked well together.  Thank you very much.  I think I did some   of my best work this season,  and I don't have any   that I'm not proud of.  [cymbal shimmering]  [dramatic music]  - Welcome, everyone.  As you know, tonight,  one of you will be crowned  our newest "Face Off" champion.  All right, well,   before we get started,  why don't we say hello   to our incredible judges?  Owner of Alchemy Studios,   Mr. Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   - Hey, Glenn.  - Oscar and Emmy Award-winning  makeup artist,  Ms. Ve Neill.  - Evening, guys.   - Hi, Ve.  - Creature and concept designer, Mr. Neville Page.  - Hello, gentlemen.   - Neville.  - And, of course,   we are thrilled  to be joined again   by a legendary makeup artist  with seven Academy Awards  to his name.  The one, the only,   Mr. Rick Baker.  [applause]  Well, it's fantastic   to have you back with us.  - It's great to be back.  - And hello, judges.  How are you all doing?  - We're good. Thank you.   - Fantastic.  - So, John,  how did things go for you?  How do you think these guys did? - I am extremely proud  of these three contestants  and their teams. I threw a lot at them.  I'm really happy   with what they did.  - Excellent. All right, well, one of you guys will win   our grand prize package,  which includes   a brand-new Fiat 500,  a VIP trip to one of Kryolan's  85 international locations,  and $100,000.  [cheers and applause]  - That's a lot of money. - All right, so, obviously,  there's a lot at stake here,  so let's get to it.  For your final  Spotlight Challenge,  we asked you to dive deep   into the world of Wonderland  and create three   wildly whimsical characters  that would be featured  in a short film  directed by John Wynn.  So, let's see   how it all turned out.  - This is it.  My heart's going   a million miles an hour.  I'm really excited to see   these characters on film.  - I'm hoping   that all the changes  that we were able to make  helped push our characters   over the top.  I know everyone else has done   a really awesome job.  Just hoping   that ours will be better.  .  - I definitely worked very hard   on these characters.  It's a pretty big risk,   starting over.  Hopefully   that paid off for me.  I'm excited to see what happens. - So, let's see   how it all turned out.  [clock ticking]  - Great shot.   - Oh, it wasn't that bad.  - [indistinct]  [whimsical music]  - [indistinct]  - So strange.  - Look out!  - Where am I?  - Oh, never mind that.  You must join.  - Absolutely not.  How dare you intrude,   little girl?  And you.   - What?  - You shouldn't be talking  to strangers. Especially silly little girls.  - Aw. Well, the Queen lets me   play with my friends.  Even silly little girls.  - Do you know   what's happened to me?  - The Queen   most certainly would not.  - Would too.   - Would not.  - Would too.   - Would not.  - Would too.   - Would not.  - Would too.   - Would not.  - Would too.   - Oh, dear.  - Would not.   - Would too.  - Would not.   - Would too.  - Would never.  - Would too.   - Would not.  both: Would too!   Huh?  - Wait,  you haven't even played yet! - Oh, stupendous lollipops!  Extremely wonderful!  You!   Fancy frosting!  Fall in!  - Join us for tea?  You should always add  the sugar to your tea before you add the milk. - Don't listen to her,  little Miss; you should--  - You should make sure to stir  it all in counter-clockwise. - Balderdash.  Clockwise is the only way   to truly stir one's tea.  - Please,   I'm only trying to get home.  - Oh.  [ominous music]  Well, then,  you must follow the rules.  ? ?  Or take the door to the left.  [laughs]  - Oh, you shouldn't confuse her  with wrong directions, General. The door to the right  is the only way out. - Lollipop,  I think you're high on sugar.  Oh, I say!  There are proper ways   to do things!  - This is why   I don't serve frosting!  [voices fade out]  - Excuse me.  Excuse me. - Why, Your Majesty.   It's been ages.  - I've had the strangest day,  and I'm trying   to find my way home.  - Come. Come.   - Could you tell me how to--  - Ascend to your throne.   - You silly prince!  That's not the Red Queen.   That's an impostor!  If you insist   on keeping up this charade,  you will be punished severely! - Watch your tongue. It shall  not be her punishment coming,  but yours!  Come, come, Your Majesty.  Prove to this jester  your magnificence.  - Oh.   Okay.  Yes.   Um...  Oh, yes.  [clears throat] Oh, dear.  [sighs] Hear, ye, hear, ye?  - [laughs]  - How dare you try to take   the throne with your lies?  Guards!   Guards!  Guards!  [in slow motion]   Guards!  [screams indistinctly]  - It was just a dream.  [ball thuds]  [applause]  - Wow.  Amazing. - That was phenomenal.  Great job to everyone.  All right, well,   let's get down to business.  The judges would like to speak  with each of you  before they choose a winner.  Walter, you're up first.  - Hello, Walter.   - Hello, Glenn.  - Tell us about your approach  to these characters. - Uh, well,  we had to start over  after the screen test,  and we just did  completely new makeups.  I wanted to kind of mix it up  and not just do  a gingerbread man,  so I thought of making him,   like, a cookie man.  On Alice, I decided  to make it look like icing.  - How did that affect  you mentally, having to start over?  - It was a real bummer   watching people pre-paint  while we're molding.  - What you guys did  in half the time   of everyone else  is truly impressive.  - Thank you.  - I really thought that  your Ginger General concept   was visually compelling,  and I think   it fit into this world  very, very well.  However,   the choices on Alice's face  were very confusing to me.  - I loved   the Lollipop Ballerina.  The back of her head  was probably the best part   of the makeup.  All that beautiful   lollipop layering  you did back there.  - Thank you.  - The ballerina character,  with the additional makeup   that you did--  she had a very regal quality. I applaud the fact that you were  able to change gears like that  and survive the day.  - Walter, if you please,  sit back down. - Thank you guys,   and thank you guys.  [applause]  - Matt, you're up.  - Hello, Matt.   - Hi.  - Would you please tell us about  your Wonderland characters?  - John informed us that it was   more of a toylike atmosphere.  Each one   of the different characters  was very high-textured,  so we wanted to have that  toylike, almost animated feel.  - I think you had three   really beautifully done,  well executed characters.  Your Alice character   was really clever.  Her hair was   really well executed.  Beautifully done.  It's so difficult  to create that wood texturing, and you did an amazing job   on her.  - Thank you.  - The Tin Jester, though--  that was a highlight.  All the things   that you guys did.  Great shape.   Great form.  Great execution.  You guys nailed it,   so congratulations.  - I thought   they were all very successful.  On the Porcelain Prince,  I think the effect   of it looking like porcelain  worked very well.  I congratulate all of you.  - Thank you.  - Matt, if you please,   sit back down.  [applause]  - Jordan.   Please step up.  - Whoo, whoo!  - Hey, Jordan. Tell us   about your Wonderland wonders.  - The two  that we started off with  were both animals,  so we wanted   to incorporate their wardrobe  as if it was a part   of the animal's anatomy,  so, for instance,  for the White Rabbit  Alice character,  we wanted the ears to flow   with her natural hair.  - The intentions   were all successful.  So let's start off   with the Alice character.  Her silhouette was so gorgeous.  You really captured   a beautiful balance  between your actress   and this bunny,  and your dapper grasshopper--  it was, head to toe,   so well executed.  You guys clearly, as a team,  work so well together. - I had an awesome team   behind me on this one.  - Yeah.   - Mm-hmm.  - I thought   the fox was a lot of fun.  It's really hard to do   that long kind of snout  and have it work,  and I thought   it worked beautifully.  - Thank you.  - The paint and design   on the grasshopper,  stylistically,   represents you so accurately.  So successful.   - Thank you.  - Jordan, you can have a seat. - Thank you, guys.  [cheers and applause]  All right, guys.  It's time   for the judges to deliberate  and choose   this season's champion.  ? ?  All right, judges.  Let's get to it.  Why don't we start with Walter?  - Walter did end up delivering three very strong characters  and really did something   we've not seen from him,  and I found that to be the most   exciting part of his efforts.  You know, a typical gingerbread   man would be boring,  and we would've said,  "He took it too literally  and made a gingerbread man." - The Alice eye makeup   was way too heavy,  but it actually worked pretty  good on the Lollipop Ballerina.  - He definitely belongs here   in the finale.  - All right, judges.   Let's move on to Matt.  - All three of those characters   were absolutely superb.  They all look   like they belong together.  - They're very finished  and hit the bill perfectly. - Yeah.  - It was by far the best Alice.  - The showcase item   was the tin character.  It was so good  in absolutely every single way.  - He did a wonderful job.  - And finally, Jordan.  - Of all the challenges,  this is perfectly matched   to Jordan's skill set.  His characters I think conveyed   the whimsy best.  - The grasshopper   was outstanding.  There's a good balance  between how wonderful the sculpt and the fabrication is  and how well the paint  supports those forms.  The fox   is beautifully engineered,  but there are some serious   problems with Alice.  That seam   in the middle of the face.  - Well, I thought   she was very cute  when you saw the profile,  and the farther shot  where you couldn't see the edge or the hair,  that worked. - Both Walter and Matt   have been consistent,  but Jordan has shown us  the ability to take  every single note  that we've given him  and grow from it,  making this  an extra hard decision.  - All right, judges.  Have you chosen   this season's champion?  - Think so.   - Think we have.  - Let's bring 'em back out.  All right. So who is the winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"?  - The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  is...  [dramatic music]  ? ?  .  - The winner   of "Face Off: Battle Royale"  is...  [dramatic music]  Matt.  [cheers and applause]  - Congratulations! - [indistinct]  - The winner of "Face Off"  is Matt Valentine!  Freaking awesome.   So cool.  It's, like, hard   to take this all in.  My whole goal was to make it   to the finale and win it,  and I accomplished that.  - Come on up, guys.  - Well done, man. - [indistinct]  - Great work, you guys. - After this entire process,  I'm really taking a lot away   from this competition.  I've learned so much throughout   each and every challenge,  and I've really improved   my skill set  throughout this entire thing.  It's really given me the energy   and the ambition that I need  to really move forward  and put out the best work   that I possibly can.  - Congratulations.   - Thank you very much.  - I'm extremely thankful   to have been an all-star,  to make it to the finale again.  I met some   of the coolest people ever,  and we created   some of the coolest stuff  I've ever seen on the show.  That is something   that you can't take from me,  even though I didn't win.  - Congratulations. You are the winner  of "Face Off," and here is the key  to your new car. - Thank you so much.  [cheers and applause]  This experience   has greatly changed my life.  This is sweet.  This opportunity helped me   grow and learn  and really believe in myself   and my talents and gifts.  - A huge thank you  to everyone watching. Have a good night. [cheers and applause]  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 