Face Off: Season 13, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Face Off 
 s13e5 - Death Dealers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Face Off (2011–…): Season 13, Episode 5 - Death Dealers - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  McKenzie: Previously on   "Face Off: Battle Royale"...  The artists staff   a spooky hotel.  Matt's ghostly chef   brought him to victory,  but Yvonne and Kelly failed   to impress the judges  and were sent home.  And tonight...  You will each be making  your own version of Death.  - Oh.   - Awesome.  - This could be a person  that had a minor stroke.  - I don't even know   what the hell I'm doing.  - Walt accidentally   tipped that over.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I am pretty upset.  Damn it.  - This is "Face Off:   Battle Royale."  [all cheering]  [exciting music]  ? ?  [upbeat music]  - I have a feeling we're   going inside that building.  We're heading   to our next challenge,  and we come across this giant,   old looking house.  - This place looks wicked.   Look at that stone.  - Looks pretty cool.  Maybe something creepy   is inside.  - Oh, wow.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - There's all kinds   of these old portraits  and paintings on the walls.  - Oh, man.  - Then we walk into   this big ballroom  all laid out in marble  with this veiled figure   flipping tarot cards.  Feeling like it might be   a dark challenge,  so I'm pretty excited.  - [raspy voice] Gather around.  Discover what the future holds.  I'm just kidding.  I'm not a real   tarot card reader.  I wish I was though.  - That was great.   - However!  Mysteries of the tarot   are at the heart  of this week's   spotlight challenge.  Now, in the spirit   of our 13th season,  you will each be   making your own version  of the character  on the tarot deck's 13th card... Death.  - Oh.   - Awesome.  - Death is right up   everyone's alley.  Death is the final enemy   we all must face,  so I'm real excited to start   working on this challenge.  - All right, now,   in order to make sure  that your characters   are as diverse as possible,  you'll each be getting a  tarot card reading of your own.  - Ooh.   - That's right.  You must use the cards  from your own readings  as inspiration   for your Death character.  - I'm really excited,  because I can't wait   to hear my fortune.  I think it'll be super cool.  - Now, since you are all making   a Death character,  we have randomly assigned  your battle partners   for the week.  So Walter, you're going up   against Jordan.  - Hmm.   - Come on, man.  - Hard to believe,  but Damien versus Graham again.  [laughter]  Kevon, you're matched up   with Derek.  - All right.  - And that leaves us   with Mel against Matt.  All right, now before I send you  off, just a quick reminder  that there is a huge prize   on the line again  for this week's winner.  The help of an industry expert   in next week's challenge.  - I want to win this one   and could use the help,  but just meeting   the expert alone  would be   such a awesome experience.  - It's time for you guys   to go get your readings.  We have two of Hollywood's   leading tarot card readers  waiting for you in rooms nearby. So I want you to head on back   there with your battle partner  and see what the future   has in store for you.  Good luck, guys.  - Thanks.   - See you soon.  - Hello.   - Hello.  - I'm Justine.   - Nice to meet you.  - So I'm just gonna spread   the cards here.  - I'm very curious as to   what she's going to tell us,  and how I could incorporate  my tarot card reading   into a makeup.  - Great.  So, your first card is the Sun.  And this is about   being able to tap into  what makes you happy.  And that second card,   the nine of Cups,  has to do   with being able to look  at what you've accomplished   in your life.  And then your last card   here is the Magician.  That's you, the alchemist,  and you can create anything   that you want to do.  That's the 10 of Cups,   the four of Cups,  and the Judgment card.  Your cards represent being open   to a higher calling  and bringing   in something profitable.  It's actually all very positive. So you guys are gonna have   to find a way to do Death  with a positive spin on it.  - [exhales]   - [laughs]  - Hi. I'm Angie.   - Hi.  I'm all around very skeptical, but I enjoy   a good tarot reading.  It's fun,   so we'll see what happens.  - We have the Hierophant,   the Tower,  and the four of Wands reversed.  You're gonna show what you've   learned but also teach others.  So, like, this is   your chance to fly,  but it's gonna be   a little bit scary.  - Okay. That sounds  like most challenges.  - All right, Derek, you ready?  - Yeah.  - So we have the four of Cups   reversed,  the five of Swords,   and the Hierophant reversed.  So what you're designing,  you're gonna want   to take the easy route.  This is like, "No.   Take the plunge.  You've got this."  - Sounds cool.   - Okay.  Pull three cards.  We have the Justice card   reversed,  the six of Wands reversed,  and the nine of Swords.  With Justice reversed, there's   something that's not fair.  A six of Wands--it's someone  who's really good at their job,  but when it's reversed,   you've forgotten that.  So the cards   are trying to tell us,  if you think negatively,  that it's gonna go negative,   but you can change things  so that you can find   the positive in it.  - Awesome.  - Oh. We've got the nine   of Swords.  Wow.   - Whoa.  - The six of Wands reversed.  - Dude.   - And the Judgment card.  - I think we're doomed   to be together forever.  - How would we get   the same two cards?  There's 78 cards in this deck.  That is very weird.  - Judgment is very Karmic.  There will be an ending  that's creating a new beginning. Like, if you look,   all the angels are raising up,  and he's got this trumpet.  - Battling Damien,   I've lost twice.  Maybe this means   he'll stop beating me.  - This is the change.   Like, get ready for it.  Step up to the plate.  - Yeah, I can dig that.   - Hi, Justine.  - Nice to meet you.  Just pull three cards.  So that's the five of Swords,  the queen of Pentacles,   and the Moon.  Five is money, sex, and power.  The queen of Pentacles is being   free to express who you are,  and the Moon's about balance.  Now, we'll do you next.  - I do feel some presence   in the room,  and I know those cards  are gonna speak directly to me.  - This really represents   the energy of winning.  - Awesome.  - What the [bleep]?  The cards are shamelessly   in Matt's favor.  - It really is having strength   on all levels of your being,  not just, like,   a physical aspect.  Good luck, you guys.  - Thanks.   - Thanks.  - I'm either subject   to the whim of the universe,  or it's all [bleep].  We'll find out this week   on "Face Off."  - I really want   my Death character  to embody religion   and spirituality.  I'm not, myself, Catholic,  but the idea of the Pope's   mitre hat seems really cool.  Or the cowl   to represent strength.  I also want a skeletal ribcage to give a very sinister   look to it.  And a Venetian bauta mask  that you can present   to the judges upon reveal.  - For my makeup, I'm taking  the message of balance   from the Moon card,  and the queen   of Pentacles lesson  about showing my true self.  A big part of the actual   Death card signifies  an ending of one thing  and the start of something new.  And the pain of death comes  from the unwillingness   to accept it.  So I want to create something   that's half-demon  and half-human   to show the transition  between denying   and accepting death.  Matt's design was   going more religious.  Mine's going more demon.  So they'll look cool together,  but they're very different   ideas.  So my idea   for this Death character  is mainly coming from the   imagery from the cards.  The Justice card   has a crown on it,  and I think it'd be   really cool to combine  that with the nine of Swords  and make a sword helmet   that hides his eyes,  because Justice is blind.  His mouth will be melded shut  and look like these pieces   of membrane-like skin  hanging all over his body.  It's gonna be awesome   to see it come to life.  - Damien and I have designs   with similar elements--  obviously, since we have   two of the same cards.  But he's going terrifying   and monster-y,  whereas I'm going   beautiful and artistic.  There's an angel   on the Judgment card  that I really like,  so I've got   this Angel of Death idea.  She's gonna have   angelic features like wings,  and symmetrical lips,   and a nice nose,  but I'm gonna   fabricate a helmet,  and then I might give her   some sort of sword collar,  because I want the sword   imagery there with the angel.  - All right, guys.   Let's go back to the lab.  - Come on, guys.  - Give me some fun   and some foam.  [rock music]  ? ?  - I'm battling Kevon again.  I've battled him   in the first challenge.  It was tough, and I think this   one will be a tough one too.  My cards are the Hierophant,   the five of Swords,  and the four of Cups.  On my Hierophant card,  the character's   wearing this big crown.  I'm gonna put the tips   of the five swords  as the points for the crown.  I'm thinking tips of the swords. - Yeah, that's good. - My Death character represents   the Hierophant, the Tower,  and the four of Wands   reversed.  I want to create a bony, really   angular kind of character  that represents   the four of Wands.  I also want these four spikes   on his shoulders.  So I'm making   a full pull-over torso.  I have a lot of work to do,  but I think   I can get it all done.  - The tarot cards that I get   are the Sun,  which means material wealth,  the nine of Cups means   love and happiness,  and the Magician   actually means trickery,  and he is the guider of souls   to the underworld.  And I come up with, like,   a skeletal character  who has a soft side.  So I think I want to do this  heart thing that's glowing red,  and he's going to have a crown  to represent material wealth.  And to keep it   kind of trickery,  he will have a sinister   look about him.  - So for this challenge,   the three cards  I draw are Judgment,  four of Cups,   and the ten of Cups.  Judgment deals a lot with past  interactions you've had.  Four of Cups   is aspects of the future.  And then the 10 of Cups,   essentially,  is telling me that all of   my wishes are gonna come true.  So let's hope that's true.  I'm gonna do this   bone-structure  demony-looking guy.  Also, I want to give these   three eye sockets to it.  One to represent the past,   one to represent the present,  and one to represent the future. I know Walter's   gonna bring his A-game,  and I'm ready   to battle him out at it.  - Hi, everybody.   - Hello.  - Hey.   - Hey.  - Hey, Mr. Westmore.   - Hello.  - What is the concept?  - So I want   to bring spirituality  in the character   by keeping it very elegant.  - I'd maybe try to do   something here the chin  to square this off a little bit.  So it's a--  - More pronounced?   - Skeleton peeking through.  Not exoskeleton,  but the skin stretched tight   over the chin underneath.  - I like that.  - I am focusing   a lot on the moon,  because the moon shares   some similar themes with death in that it symbolizes   rebirth and balance.  I want to have rocks   coming out of his skin,  and turn into a sort of,   like, magma-ey feel.  - From just looking at it--   just first impression,  this could be a person  that maybe had a minor stroke.  - I want it to look  somewhat demony, somewhat scary, and Mr. Westmore says  it just looks like   a human who's had a stroke.  This is not a good feeling.  I mean, Matt's got   a lot going on,  and I don't even know   what the hell I'm doing.  If I lose my battle,  then I'm definitely going home.  - This could be a person   in a movie  that maybe had a minor stroke.  - I want it to look somewhat   demony, somewhat scary,  but it really--it just looks  like a human who's had a stroke. - I think you can possibly even  over-exaggerate it a little bit. You've taken your real mouth   right to there.  You come all the way over here,  before you do this--just   this little turn-down.  - Mr. Westmore   gives me advice  about making   more dramatic downturns  and more dramatic anatomy,  so that it doesn't   just look like a human.  I think this is really   gonna elevate my makeup.  This is actually very helpful.  - Good.   - Thank you.  - Good luck.   Looking forward to it.  - Thank you.  - Death was very skeletal--   - Mm-hmm.  - So--and represented   by a skeleton.  So I wanted to go   very skeleton-like.  - Well, I think you've got   a good profile with it.  You've got so much   neat stuff going on  that you've got to be careful   in painting this.  Do a wash over the top of it.   - Definitely.  - Every one   of those little wrinkles  will hop out with a wash   over the top of them.  Okay?   - Cool.  - So the upper half of the head   will be more skeletal,  and he's gonna have   three eye sockets  that he can look into the past,   the future, and the present.  - Now, this ends   pretty abrupt into the face.  It needs a little bit   of distance there,  'cause otherwise it's going   to look like--  - Just a ledge?   - Well--  a ledge and with a mask on it.  - Yeah.  - Oh the hierophant, he's  wearing a--kind of a crown or--  - Right.  - So I want to implement   that going around,  and I want to incorporate   five sword points.  - Now, what are you doing here   to the throat?  - Right now, I'm just laying out  the shapes I want.  In between, I want to elevate   these areas as texture.  - Don't be too subtle.  - Okay.   - You know?  Because too subtle   is gonna disappear on you.  - Yeah. Right.   - Good luck to everybody.  all: Thank you.  - I feel fairly confident   about where my sculpture is.  I do have a couple   last minute details,  and then I'm off   to the mold room  to start molding his face.  I know I'm gonna cut it   really close as far as  getting this molded, cleaned   out, and ready for foam.  But it has to happen,   since I'm ripping  a giant piece of foam   out of the mouth.  In case this doesn't go well,  I need to be able to get   a second run tomorrow  as a back-up.  [upbeat techno music]  ? ?  - All right, guys, that's time.  - That sculpt's tight, dude.  - It is.   - But for something so simple,  it's bad-ass looking.  - Oh, thank you.  [percussive music]  - Foamy, foamy, foamy.  - We get to the lab,  and I immediately begin   blocking out the cow.  Since I am integrating   with the Pope's mitre hat,  I have to go really high   with the clay.  I have decided to put   a four-winged angel  in the middle   to be a centerpiece,  and that adds ever more   spirituality to the character. - I am just   a sculpting machine today.  I hop   from sculpture to sculpture,  refining each of them as I go. They're looking good,  but it's gonna be   very exhausting molding them.  - It's gonna be, like,  this scapula ripping   through his skin.  Yeah.   - That's cool, dude. Sweet.  - For my Death character,  the shoulders come up   into points.  So I want to do   these shoulder pieces  that are actually his scapula   and his collarbone  meeting into these points   like exaggerated anatomy.  It's very important   to have these shoulders,  because they give me a very evil and sinister-looking silhouette. - Does that look more   like Death, I think?  - Yeah, that looks   great, actually.  - I'm in a better place today.  My face finally looks more   like a demon,  rather than a human   who's had a stroke.  But I still have to do   my whole cowl,  and I want to make sure  I leave myself   enough time to sculpt  and mold without   being in a total panic.  - It's a big concern to me   that I get a helmet finished.  So I started to carve   out L200 foam  and curve the foam over   a life cast using heat.  Then I apply some glue   onto the seam  and carefully start  to push the two parts together.  Kind of just forms   this nice dome.  - What you doing?   - Nothing.  - Nothing.  - Trying to beat you.  - After I get as much detail  packed into my face   as possible,  I move back over to my cowl   and do the same.  I'm thinking this more, like,   bone structure,  demony-looking silhouette   to it.  So far I'm really   having fun making it,  and my best pieces come out   when I'm having fun.  - I start blocking out the cowl   with a lot of spikes  and horns tapering up  to the larger swords   in the back.  And I find these real wood   pieces that look like swords.  I want it to look organic,   like a crown is  growing out of her head.  I place them there to see   how they look,  and it's looking cool.  - When I finish cleaning out   my cowl mold,  it's gonna run really nicely.  And I go over,   I check my shoulders--  - Walt, I accidentally  tipped that over. I ran into it. - This?   - Yeah.  - Really?  - Yeah, I think this back piece, right here, is broke.  - Damn it.   - I'm sorry, dude.  - One of the shoulder pieces  is completely shattered   and cracked,  and it's not looking good.  Ah, [bleep].  These shoulder pieces are a very  important part of my makeup.  - Coming around the corner   there, wasn't looking.  I'm sorry, man.  - I'm pretty upset.  I think this back piece right   here just broke.  - Yeah, I t- Damn it.back piece,  ri- I'm sorry, dude..  - One of the shoulder pieces   is completely shattered  and cracked,   and it's not looking good.  - I'm sorry, man.   - It's all good.  I'll figure something out.  Maybe I'll salvage at least one   and make a copy  with poly foam   on application day.  "I accidently   knocked over your thing.  I'm real sorry."   I'm not gonna hold a grudge.  It's okay.   But it's my duty to make sure  that he does not   forget about it.  - I could have walked away   and been like,  "Yep, I didn't do that."  - Totally,   and I would have been like,  "Wait a minute,   how'd this [bleep] happen?"  - I feel terrible.  I'm probably never gonna   hear the end of this.  - Don't battle Jordan.   He'll [bleep] your [bleep] up.  Jordan.  - So I go to   pop my chest mold..  [bleep]  but a hairline crack starts.  So I'm gonna patch that seam   and let it cure overnight,  so I can run it   in poly foam tomorrow.  This really is a bump in   the road, but it'll get done.  It's just, at what quality?  - I'm gonna make a helmet using   the nine of Swords  as my inspiration.  My Justice card   has a crown on it,  so I really want to make sure  that crown comes through   in my design.  I start by drawing   a template on L200.  And I'm able to cut that out   and then heat form it  around a head to get the shapes   that I need.  I'm covering up the face   and the eyes a little bit,  because Justice is blind.  And 'cause this helmet   is removable.  I want him to take the helmet   off to have the reveal factor.  Everything's coming out great, and I'm pretty excited   to put it all together.  - 30 minutes, guys.  ? ?  - That's time, guys.  ? ?  - Check out this bod.   - Nice.  - First thing I do is check   on my cowl piece.  Ooh. That's not good.  There's a big,   huge split down the middle.  It's the main piece   of my creature.  - Oh, [bleep].   - That's all right.  I'll have to make it work.  I'm battling Kevon again,  and I battled him   in the first challenge.  It was tough, so this makeup   needs to be flawless.  Now I'm going to have   to work on fixing this.  So that's time   out of my application.  - I got a lot of work to do.  - The first thing I do   is pour the poly foam  into the mold   for the chest piece.  I leave the poly foam about   20 minutes before I pull it.  It's got really heavy edges,   but the form is still there,  and I can work with this.  - How you doing?   - Test fitting.  - Today, for my application,   I start with the torso,  because the other pieces   are layered on top of it.  After that, I begin to apply   the cowl and then the face.  It's starting   to look pretty cool.  I have battled Derek before,  and he was the victor   last time,  so I'm hoping maybe   we can flip things around.  - This actually blended   surprisingly well.  - So maybe we'll cut this short.  - Yep.  - I've got worries   on the application day,  because I need to make wings   for my Angel of Death.  I have my model start   gluing down  all of the feathers   onto a piece of L200 foam.  It's gonna eat up a lot of   my application and paint time.  But it was in the cards   for me to make these wings,  so I have to have them done.  Lovely.  - It would be so cool   to beat Matt,  but he's got   a great track record.  So the only way   I can win this week  is to put   a killer paintjob on it.  The paint is transitioning  from this   sort of minty zombie color  to this bone grey.  And I feel really proud of it. I think this will be   really cool makeup.  - I've already wasted   a lot of time  trying to salvage at least   one of the shoulders,  but they're just unusable.  And I notice that I can use   these pieces that I designed  for the elbow up   on the shoulders,  and it'll give me, like,  a baby version of what I wanted. Not as cool as it would have   been, but still is something.  - Flex your abs for me.  I'm really second guessing   this pink color scheme,  because it's looking   like bubble gum.  So I start airbrushing   in purple veins,  and contouring   all of his anatomy,  and just trying to bring   this paintjob more to life.  I'm still not really happy   with where it's at, yet,  but I'm really hoping   that it pays off in the end.  - Lot to paint   on this one here.  Battling Walter, I'm really   gonna need to up my skills.  He's got super clean makeups,   awesome paintjobs.  So it's extremely important   for this character  to be painted   as best as possible.  So I start off by laying down   a real bone-white color  on the head to really give it   that skeletal feel to it.  After I get the bone-white   laid on there,  I go in and start airbrushing   a little bit of brown  around the edges   to really give it  that more three-dimensional   and dirty look.  15 minutes, guys.  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - That's time. Yeah.  - And we still don't know   what you're gonna look like.  Because I spent so much time   making these wings,  I didn't finish my helmet,  and I'm gonna have to do all   of my painting in Last Looks.  Everybody else is going out   with completed makeups,  and I have a skeleton head   with nice nose  and lips but no paint.  So this is   the worst-case scenario.  ? ?  - All right.   We get to Last Looks.  First thing that I do   is start applying  this membrane mouth of his.  Can you breathe all right   through your nose?  Everything goes down   and is working in the way  that I want it to.  Whenever my model breathes in   or opens his mouth,  it'll lay against  that big open hole that I made,  making the mouth   on the underside  of the baldies look bigger   than his actual mouth.  - It's Last Looks.  It's time to make it   or break it,  and I grab   my trusty airbrush gun,  and just start painting.  And immediately, the character   starts to come together.  She looks beautiful   and terrifying.  This is exactly   what I had visioned.  - This looks cool.   - Yeah.  - I feel like I'm the most   behind I've been  in any of the challenges   at this point.  But I'm confident   I can pull this off.  I begin modeling   with the airbrush,  speckling and applying   gold pearlescents.  I think I've made a smart   decision by going lighter.  Mine's gonna at least   stand out as a unique piece.  - Last week, I was critiqued on  having too muddy of a paint job. So I'm going very subtle.  I'm doing some light mottling, so that the grey part   is not just grey,  it actually has blues   and greens in it.  And the greens,   I--actually has greys in it.  We're trying to avoid   hard lines and hard veining.  I don't want to misstep   on this makeup.  - Got to get your hands.   Time is running out.  And I realize I still haven't  actually got my Death   character's hands painted.  With this battle,   I know Walt's gonna lay down  an awesome paint job,  so I really need   to get his hands  looking as dead as possible.  - 15 minutes, guys.  [tense music]  ? ?  - It's time, guys.  - Yay. Thank you.  - I'm feeling pretty good   about my character.  I'm definitely happy   with how he came out.  And I see Walter's character,   and, of course, it's awesome.  And it's really up in the air  as to who's gonna win this one.  [ominous music]  ? ?  - Good evening, everyone.  Welcome to the "Face Off"   reveal stage.  Please say hello   to our esteemed series judges.  Owner of Alchemy Studios,   Glenn Hetrick.  - Good evening.   - What's up, Glenn?  - Oscar and Emmy Award  winning makeup artist, Ve Neill. - Good evening, guys.   - And, of course,  creature and concept designer,   Neville Page.  - Hello, everyone.   - Neville.  - Neville.   - All right, let's get to it.  In the spirit   of our 13th season,  we asked you to delve  into the mysteries of the tarot  and create a unique   Death character inspired  by your own tarot readings.  Let's take a look   at your creations.  Mel and Matt,   you're our first battle.  [dramatic music]  ? ?  - I really like my makeup.  To me, mine reads like Death,  but I think Matt   might be like Death  in a more conventional way.  ? ?  - Her profile and dynamic   head structure  really has a presence.  I think I've got   this battle won.  ? ?  - My Death is very striking   from afar,  but I think it's a toss-up   between the two makeups.  ? ?  - I really like   how my character turned out.  I feel like  she's strong and fierce-looking  but also sexy   and powerful-looking.  ? ?  - He's scary.   He's cool looking.  And he looks like the guider   of souls to the underworld.  I'm so proud   of how he turned out.  ? ?  - This is one of my favorite   makeups I've ever done.  With this battle, this is   the closest it's ever been.  I'm not sure if Walt's gonna   take this one,  or if I'm gonna take this one.  ? ?  - The foundation is there,  but the finishing touches   are all wrong.  I know that I'm capable   of putting something together  that's better than this.  ? ?  - Damien's has this   really fun look,  but it has this toy-feel to it.  Mine looks like it   came off of a tarot card.  - All right, judges.  Go ahead and take a closer look   at tonight's makeups.  - This is Death?  - You don't really get that,   do you?  A lot of really   just nebulous texture  that doesn't make sense, and--  - He's very blocky too.  It's a great color palette.   - I'm with you on--  and he can't go wrong  with that beautiful mitre shape. And adding that embellishment   takes it up a notch in detail.  You are so courageous to make   a chest piece integrated  into the facial appliance.  - If he would have made the head  a little more bulbous on top,  the proportions would have been   a little bit better.  - Love the stripes in the chest, and this paint pattern's   gorgeous.  - I just think   it's a little messy, guys.  I mean, I like the idea of it,  but I think   the paint job's messy.  - I see your point, but I think  there's just enough value-shift  and breakup to kind   of hold it together.  - Some of the color transitions   are mind-blowing.  - I love the crown as well--   the gold tips.  - There's much more interesting   things going on up close.  - I feel like this   is very much a step  in the right direction   for Jordan.  It's still a little cartoony,  but it fits this challenge   really well.  - I feel like this is   what Death would look like  if it came for you   at a German metal festival.  - It's a--pink is weird choice,   don't you think?  - Mm-hmm.  - I like that instead of going   skull to represent Death,  it's an anatomical version.  - Yeah, the sculpting's   beautiful.  - It's super-subtle.  There's no texture,   and it works.  Thank you.  - Okay, the judges   have chosen the winners  and losers of each battle.  Let's find out   who came out on top.  All right, guys, it's time   to get on Twitter and tell us  who you think won   tonight's battles  using #FaceOff.  Let's find out who came out on   top  In battle number one,   Mel versus Matt,   - Let's find out   who came out on top.  the winner is Matt.  In battle number two,   Kevon versus Derek,  the winner is Derek.  In battle number three,   Walter versus Jordan,  the winner is Walter.  - Good job, man.  - And finally,   in battle number four,  Damien versus Graham,   the winner is Graham.  - [Inaudible].  - Congratulations   to all our victors.  Now, the judges would like   to speak with some of you  to find out more   about your work.  Derek, you're up first.  - Hello, Derek.   - Hi.  - Tell us about   your Death character.  - Oh my tarot reading,   I got the Hierophant,  the five of Swords,   and the five of Cups.  The image had a big crown  that I want to implement   in my makeup.  And I also want to input in the   five sword tips on the crown.  - You've done   an extraordinary job.  - Thank you. Appreciate it.  - It's quite eloquent,   and it's very original.  And you've also done   a masterful job  of finding a way to weave in  some of the symbolism   and imagery  from the other cards.  Very well done.   - Thank you.  - Your sculpture's   absolutely astounding.  However, just using that grey   diminished your gorgeous work.  So try to use a myriad of colors that will accentuate and enhance  your beautiful sculpting.  - Got it.  - From afar, I find this  a very captivating character.  I particularly love   the crown of swords.  And up close,   it becomes more interesting.  It's pretty damn good.  - Thank you.   - Derek, please step back.  - Thanks.  Thanks.  - Damien, you're next.  - Tell us about   your Death character, please.  - The six of Wands symbolizes   success and creativity,  but the nine of Swords   symbolizes self-doubt,  so I wanted to build a helmet   to signify  the nine of Swords   covering the six of Wands.  And I also wanted to hide   his eyes a little bit,  'cause Justice is blind.  - You went astray   on this one for me.  - Yeah.  - He looks like a heavy metal   rock and roll guy.  The only thing   missing is the guitar,  and I find the choice   of pink very strange.  - Yeah.  - Can you take the helmet off?  I like the intelligence behind   the choice of doing a helmet,  but the reveal   isn't particularly good.  And as a consequence,   this falls short.  - Couldn't agree more.  - I actually quite like   the helmet,  but I'm really not thrilled   with the makeup.  It seems to me   that conceptually,  you really put your foot down   on the wrong path.  - Damien,   if you'd please head back.  - Called it.  - Matt, please come forward.  - Tell us about   your Death character, please.  - I got She strength card.  I got the queen of Cups,   and the queen of Swords.  Those basically   symbolize spirituality,  prosperity, and winning.  So I wanted   to integrate the faith  by emulating   the Pope's mitre hat.  - The vision of this,   head to toe, is so alluring.  You've created something   that is creepy,  makes the statement of death,   and is artistic.  Beautiful work.  - Thank you so much.  - You did   an absolutely amazing job.  That head shape   has a very regal look to it,  and that combined   with the color palette  is mind boggling.  It's so successful.   - Thank you.  - That pearlescence  and that rusty color   underneath it all  just makes everything look   so beautiful on top of it.  She is stunning.  - Thank you so much.   - Matt, you can step down.  - Good job.   - Thanks.  - Jordan, please step forward.  - Tell us about   your Death character.  - The three cards that   I got were Judgment,  the 4 of Cups,   and the 10 of Cups.  Within all three of those,   it talked about the past,  the present, and the future.  So I wanted to give him   three eye sockets  representing vision   into the past,  present, and then the future.  - This is not as realistic   as what we're looking for.  - Got you.  - You've got beautiful paint,   beautiful quality,  but it doesn't look   like a makeup.  You're taking that jaw out  and burying the actor behind it. There's no longer   an emotive experience for us.  They're not performing   through it.  So it feels like a mask.   - Right.  - At a distance,   it does read like a mask.  However, up close,   it is absolutely exquisite.  Your paint skills   are beyond the beyond.  Dude, put this into a makeup,  and you're gonna   knock it out of the park.  - Thank you.  - One thing I would have loved   to have seen--  that little bit of color  that you have   in the sinus areas--  if you would have made   that twice as much,  that would have lent itself  to something that feels   not so monochromatic.  - Got you.   - Jordan, thank you.  Please step down.   - Thank you, guys.  - All right,   let's talk to Graham.  - Please tell us   about your Death character.  - I received nine of Swords,  six of Wands,   and the Judgment card.  What I liked about the Judgment   card is it had this big angel,  and I thought,   "Let's bring beauty to death,  rather than making it   terrifying."  - I think you have   achieved that.  She is beautiful,   and I like how you painted it.  I like your color choices.   It's really fantastic.  - Thank you.  - I think this amount   of restraint is to be praised.  You just managed   to hold this thing  and contain it in such a way,  with no texture and none  of the typical tropes of death,  and it works very, very well.  - Thank you.  - I love that it's not a skull.  You went, "Let's do   an anatomical version  of man-without-a-face."  I love that.   Very well done.  - Thank you.   - Graham, you can head back.  All right, thank you, guys.  Will you please head   back to the makeup room,  while the judges deliberate.  All right, judges, so let's talk  about tonight's makeups.  Why don't we begin with someone   that you spoke to  for the first time   on tonight's stage?  Derek.  - I do love the graphic   breakup, that's subtle,  that's happening on the face.  I think that's one   of the features  that makes this stand out.  - The biggest fault for me   is the fact that the teeth  and the eyes got messy.  But it's still   a phenomenal design.  It's definitely   one of my favorite  designs on the stage tonight.  - All right,   let's move on to Matt.  - I love that makeup.   It was so beautiful.  - Such complex conceptual   design thinking.  To find a way to work in  all these different pieces   from the different cards,  and make it a Death   that is not anything  near a traditional version   of Death?  Truly impressive.  - All right,   so let's move on to Graham,  who, for the third time,  went head to head with Damien,  but for the first time   came out on top.  - Graham did so little in terms   of quantity versus Damien,  but it's so much better.  - I think he did   a fantastic job.  I love the color choices   around the eyes  and the really graphic   coloring.  - He created a makeup   that feels  like a real, live character.  - All right,   let's move on to Damien.  - I did not feel the presence   of any of the tarot,  or the symbolism,   or even the style  of art in Damien's creation,  and that's why it was   such a huge problem for me.  - I don't get the pink.  I mean, okay,   that was, like, hot pink.  - And let's talk about somebody  who finally lost their   first battle tonight, Jordan.  - But only barely lost it.  - His sculpting   is so beautiful,  and his painting   on that was stunning.  - Think about how much   more success he would have had  if everything exactly the same,  just blended   into the actor's lips.  It would have been amazing.  - Agreed.   - All right then, judges.  Have you made your decision?  - Yeah, we have.   - Great.  Let's bring them back out.  [tense music]  ? ?  Welcome back, guys.  All right, Glenn, who is the   winner of tonight's challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  McKenzie: The winner of   "Face Off: Battle Royale"  will receive a VIP trip from   Kryolan Professional Make-Up  to one of their 85   international locations,  the all-new Fiat 500,   and $100,000.  who is the winner   of tonight's challenge?  - The winner of tonight's   challenge is...  [dramatic music]  Matt.  [applause]  There's some stunning details   throughout your character,  and we especially love  the pearlescent bone paint job.  Absolutely great work, man.  - Thank you so much, guys.  I feel amazing,  because this is   a back to back win,  and that puts me in the lead.  - Matt, congratulations.   - Thank you.  - You have won the help   of an industry expert  in next week's challenge.  Nice job. Okay, everyone,   why don't you all head home  for some well-deserved rest  before your next battle begins?  - Good night.  - Matt won the battle,  and the universe won this round. So I think that   with my battle record,  next week I have to go big   or go home.  McKenzie: Next time   on "Face Off"...  - Interesting.  - Don't forget to knock   on some wood.  - Quit trying   to distract us, Graham.  - Just leave me alone.   - [Bleep].  I'm getting stressed out.  - The cowl is so big,   it could be a catastrophe.  - We will do battle.   - We will battle.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 