I Know This Much Is True: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 I Know This Much Is True 
 s1e4 - Four - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 I Know This Much Is True (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Four - full transcript 
 Despite the protestations of those closest to him, Dominick returns to work before fully recovering from his accident. Heavily medicated, Dominick recalls the disturbing incident that lead to Thomas's first hospitalization. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ LISA SHEFFER: I want you to really think about what it would be like for you to be the sole caregiver of Thomas. Okay? Thomas, you're gonna flunk out. You could end up in fucking Vietnam. Dominick Birdsey, I called about my grandfather's manuscript. SHEFFER: What about your wife? DOMINICK BIRDSEY: I have a girlfriend. SHEFFER: How's it gonna affect her? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm pregnant. Oh, and another baby... - you asshole! - Dessa! ♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪ (GLASS SHATTERS) Ray (SHOUTING): Get those grades up or I'm pulling you out of that school and you're going in the military! You understand me? DOMINICK: When my stepfather finally received. Thomas' freshman year grades, he went ballistic. Hey, you all right, buddy? And then he spent all summer making my mother pay for it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It wasn't till mid-August that Ray stopped jerking everyone around and announced that he'd help finance one last chance. He handed a $2,000 bank check to my mother for Thomas' and my tuition bills... - due that week. - MA: Oh, Ray! - Thank you. - Yeah. DOMINICK: Ray loved it, being the big hero. - RAY: Raymond... Birdsey. - DOMINICK: The savior. God, it was pathetic. Thomas: You won't regret this, Ray. From-from now on, I'm-I'm gonna go to bed earlier and, and I'm gonna be ahead of my assignments. DOMINICK: In the midst of all of Thomas' breakfast time resolutions, I made a silent promise of my own. He was gonna make it or break it from now on without my help. ("IT MAKES ME LAUGH" BY EVIE SANDS PLAYING) ♪♪ Leo and I had driven up in secret to the university housing office and officially requested rooming together at South Campus. ♪ It makes me laugh ♪ (QUIET BAR CHATTER) Beyond that, I was planning to haul my ass across the river every weekend to be with Dessa. To make sure I didn't lose out on the best thing I had going in my whole life. ♪ It makes me laugh ♪ ♪ Just to think that now ♪ ♪ Now you don't want me ♪ After that summer, I promised myself I would get as far away from my home, from my fucked-up family, as I possibly could. I was almost there. (KNOCKING) THOMAS: Look. - Hey, buddy. - Look at this. This is... this is just great. I... Some stupid secretary makes a mistake and we, we got a whole... We got a whole big mess to fix. - It's not a mistake. - Wait! You know they're gonna tell us we have to go to a certain office and then we're gonna get to that office and they're gonna say. "Oh, no, you don't want this office. - You need to go to another office." - Thomas, it's not a mistake. I'm not... I'm not rooming with you. I'm rooming with Leo. What do you mean, you're... rooming with Leo? It's not really a big deal, you know? He just... He just asked me one day. Hey, Thomas, this will be good for you, man. Yeah, you-you'll make new friends. How do you know this new guy, what's-his-name. Randall. How do you know Randall's not a great guy? I-I bet you he'll be a much better roommate than I ever was. (EXHALES) Look, Thomas, we're... we're... We're too close, you and me. You know, we, we get on each other's nerves. Hey, I did this for the both of us. That's partly why I did it, was for you. (THOMAS SCOFFS) Yeah. Okay, you can laugh at me, but that's the truth. You're just a traitor. What'd you say? I said, you are a traitor! Can you stop doing that? (KNIFE SCRAPING) Can you put the knife down? Thomas, put the fuckin' knife down, man. (SCRAPING CONTINUES) Put the knife down. Put the fuck... put the knife down. Don't be a kid. Put the, put the knife down. Put the knife down. Put the fuckin'... Drop the knife. Just drop... drop the knife. Hey, just put the fuckin' knife down. - (CLATTERING) - Stop, man, put the knife down. Put the knife down! Stop it! Thomas! Fuck! You fuckin' stop! Thomas! (THOMAS YELLING) Stop! Stop, calm down. Stop! Thomas (PANTING): Okay, okay. (PANTING) (PANTING CONTINUES) Are you okay? Are you okay? The fuck is wrong with you? (BREATHING HEAVILY) Look at this, man. If I were you, I-I'd fix this chair before Ray gets home. He sees this, he's gonna go apeshit. You are me. Wh... What? You said if you were me... you'd fix this chair before Ray gets home, but you are me. I'm... - I'm not you, Thomas. - Yes, you are. I'm far from it. You're me. You're me. (SOFT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪♪ (RUNNING FOOTSTEPS) (SIGHS HEAVILY) ♪♪ (INDISTINCT CHATTER) Does that hurt? Dominick: What do you think, man? LEO: Yes? Good, good answer. Happy fuckin' Halloween, man. (CLEARS THROAT) So did they give you, like, pain pills or anything like that? Yeah, they gave me Tylex, but I can't fuckin' take it right now. - Why? - Because I don't wanna be wasted when this insurance claim asshole shows up here and tries to gyp me out of my return on my truck. You should take them. Leo, I'm not gonna sit there trying to negotiate with this guy looking like fuckin' Goofy, okay? You'll feel better. You don't have to be a tough guy. You're not, like, a cowboy. - Or, like, a stuntman. - No shit. What time is the guy supposed to be here, do you know? 10:30. He's late. - And your brother's thing is at? - 4:00. So what do you think? You think you're gonna be able to spring him? I don't know. I fucking hope so. Are you sure you can go looking, ahem, the way that you look? Leo, just fuckin' cut the shit, man. I'm telling you that you don't... - If you walk in there looking... - You don't think I know how I look? They've been trying to schedule... I'm not missing this goddamn hearing, you understand me? I'm sure they can postpone it. I don't think that it's in your brother's best interest to show up looking like this. Leo, I don't have a choice. You look like homeless Rocky. I'm not makin' fun of you, man. (HORN HONKS) - Who is that? - Is that the guy? - DOMINICK: That's him. Fuckin' come on. - LEO: Fuck. How you doin'? You're the claims guy? - Yeah, Shawn Tudesco. - Yeah. You're a little late, aren't you? Mutual of America. - A little late? - Yeah. - Yeah. Yeah. - Sorry about that. Wow, you, like, totaled your truck, bro. - DOMINICK: No shit. - What's that green stuff? The yellow gook on the windshield? That's egg. - Egg? - Yeah. Some kids were celebratin' Halloween a day early. Those little bastards. Where were you driving when you got into the accident? Route 22, up by the state park. LEO: It's so dark out there at night, man. The tree came out of nowhere. Ah, you... (SNORES) (SHAWN LAUGHS) - Hey, man, I'm Leo. - Hey, Shawn Tudesco. - Yeah, I recognize you. - Oh, yeah. Yeah, you work out at Hardbodies, right? - That's right, man. - Yeah, you lift weights. - Yes, I do. - We play racquetball out there. - Right on, man. - And his girlfriend works out there. SHAWN: Oh, yeah? Cool. Who's your girlfriend? Denise? Denise? No. Joy. Joy? Really? - Yeah, you know... - SHAWN: No, I know Joy. You do? - Yeah. - Everybody knows Joy. She's world famous. Oh, really? She's world famous? SHAWN: Okay, bro, look. I'm just gonna, I'm gonna total your truck. Probably get you about $200, $300 over the book value. You'll make about 1,000 bucks. - Very nice. Very nice. - I'm just gonna do some paperwork. What the fuck's that supposed to mean? - LEO: What? - What, she's world famous? What the fuck? - What? - What? Like she's a slut? Like she circulates? Like, guys are havin' a good time with her? Like, Joy to the fuckin' world? Fuck you, Leo. - I'm sorry, I was joking. - Fuck off. I'm sorry. Hey, how much you bench, man? (ELECTRICAL HUMMING) (SIGHS) (SOFT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪♪ (GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪ I'll see you in my dreams ♪ RAY: Why didn't you tell me over the phone that you got hurt? You didn't ask. I shouldn't have to ask. You're my kid, aren't you? Easy, easy. (GROANS) Why didn't they give you one of those collar things at the hospital if your neck's bothering you? I'm all right, Ray. I'm fine. Yeah? Well, you don't look fine. Have you had breakfast? I'm not hungry, I just wanna get over to that house on Gillette pull those shutters off, get home, wash up, and get ready for this hearing. All by 4:00, huh? Yep. Well, how are you gonna pull shutters with that hand? I'll manage. All right, look, I... I can't help you today, I have a doctor's appointment this afternoon, but I can, I can give you a hand tomorrow. - Don't worry. - Why don't I just take you home, so's you can get some rest, and we'll work on it together tomorrow? The doctor didn't say anything about restricting myself, Ray. He probably figured you had the common sense to know that already. Listen, you know what your problem is? - You take on too much. - I'm all right. Oh, yeah? Well, if you're so all right, how come you cracked up your truck in the middle of the night? That doesn't sound too all right to me. Look, I know you've been bearing the brunt of it. All that business with him down there. You carried your own load and his load and... (SIGHS) My load too, I guess. Him and me, we just never hit it off, but Jesus Christ, why'd he have to go and take his hand off? That's what's eatin' me up. But you guys never had to go to war like I did. You're lucky. (ECHOING): It changes you... going to war. TV ANNOUNCER: Special report which follows: Mayberry R.F.D. will not be presented tonight but will return next week at its regularly scheduled time over most of these stations. The draft lottery, a live report on tonight's - picking of the birthdays for the draft. - (TELEPHONE RINGS) DOMINICK: On the evening of December 1st, 1969, Leo, myself, and a bunch of guys from our dorm convened over at Dessa's place. Thomas was there, too. (TV ANNOUNCER CONTINUES, INDISTINCT) We all parked ourselves in front of the TV to watch the first US draft lottery since 1942. Selective Service estimated that the men whose birthdays were among the first 120 or so pulled from the drum would get their greetings from Tricky Dick and go to war. I was home free at number 266. Leo was in better shape, number 305. But my brother, born six minutes before me at 11:57 p.m. on December 31st, had drawn number 100. He and his academic probation were bobbing around in the pool most likely to be called to active duty. (ROCK MUSIC PLAYING) By the time the lottery was over, both the boys who were celebrating and the ones who were drowning their sorrows... - LEO: Thomas. - Dominick: Had used the occasion to get shit-faced drunk. How are you? How are we doin'? (LAUGHING) (CHUCKLES) What's on your mind, Thomas? Hey, man, you... hey, you think you should take it easy? LEO: He's just taking the edge off. He's all right. Hey, Dominick, things have always gone your way. Our whole lives, the deck, the deck is always is always stacked in your favor. Dominick: Hey, never mind about that. He gets good grades, he's got a three-year reprieve. - LEO: There you go. - The fuckin' war will be over in three years. (THOMAS SCOFFS) How you doin', man? Are you going to class? - You studying? - I can't concentrate. DOMINICK: Why not? My dorm is too hot. What do you mean the fuckin'... - The dorm's too hot? - LEO: Thomas. You can just open up a window, man. - DOMINICK: Yeah, what he said. - LEO: Come on. If the dorm is too hot, open the fuckin' window. - Okay. - THOMAS: I know. Buddy, buddy, hey, hey, buddy, buddy, hey, hey. You gotta screw your head on straight. Stop acting crazy. Come on, man. You're-you're not crazy. - I'm not. - DOMINICK: You're not crazy. I just... You just gotta relax. (THOMAS SIGHS HEAVILY) - You're a smart guy. - I am? DOMINICK: You're smart. You're way smarter than I am. Do you mean that? - DOMINICK: I do mean that. - I am? You're smarter than this asshole. Hey, you just got a lot going on up there. DESSA: You guys doing okay here? - Hey, can I ask you something? - Yeah. Do you think this is a smart guy? Oh, he's double trouble. He's smart and sweet. - DOMINICK: You see? - I don't feel very good. - LEO: Hey. It's all right. - DESSA: Hey. Dominick: Thomas, you're not crazy, okay? You keep hitting your head, you might not be so smart, okay? (LAUGHING) Hey, hey. - I'm joking. - Dominick: Take it easy, take it easy. Can we have a good time? - Do you wanna dance? - THOMAS: Okay. (LAUGHTER) ("A FREE COUNTRY" BY EDDIE HOLMAN PLAYING ON JUKEBOX) ♪♪ (LAUGHING) (PEOPLE CHEERING) DESSA: He's lucky to have you. (WOMAN SHOUTING, INDISTINCT) You're a good brother. (MUSIC FADES) RAY: Hey. I'll swing by and pick you up as soon as I get out of the doctor's. Maybe, 12:30, 1:00 at the latest. Maybe I'll stop by that medical supply place on the way, get you one of those collars just in case you want it later. I'll get you a leash while I'm at it, too. What's going on at the doctor? Who are you, Dr. Kildare? Don't go at it too hard. Remember. I can help you with it tomorrow. - Appreciate it. - If these people can't wait one more day, then tell them to go fuck themselves. ♪♪ Ruth: I didn't hear you drive up. Hey, how's it going? This isn't really a very good day for you to be here. I... Henry's having kind of a bad time right now. He's not... he's not in good shape. There's something wrong with him. I'm... Yeah, I'm not gonna be here very long, anyway. I was just gonna, you know, pull down these shutters. And then, um... I mean, maybe an hour, tops. Now, well, could... I think it would be better if... if you, if you just left now. Could you just go? I... yeah, I don't... I don't have a ride. All right. Oh, God. What the fuck, man. Fuckin' kidding me? "Oh, really? "He's having a bad day? Oh, I'm really sorry to hear that. How'd you like to switch places for a while, pal?" (HAMMERING) Fuck, ah, fuck. (GROANING) (CLATTERING) (CLATTERING) (SIGHS) (SIGHS) (WIND CHIME DINGS) Just wind... (QUIETLY): I fucked up. (GRUNTS) (GROANING) Oh, God. - (KNOCKING) - (WIND CHIMES DINGING) (KNOCKING) (WIND CHIMES TINKLING) (KNOCKING) (WIND HOWLING) (WIND WHISTLING) (KNOCKING) - DESSA: Who is that? - DOMINICK: I don't know. (KNOCKING) DESSA: Wake up. Hey, don't take it. No, don't take it. (KNOCKING) (KNOCKING HARDER) (WIND ROARING) (GROANS) Fuck. (EXCLAIMS) (LOUD KNOCKING) (UNLOCKS DOOR) (DOOR CREAKING) Hey, buddy. You okay? (EXHALES) I dropped out. What are you talking about? Thomas, you gotta stay in school. I can't do this anymore. Hey. Pull your shit together. You're not dropping out. I'm sorry, Dominick. Why are you telling me this right now? - I'm sorry. - No, no, no, no. (GUNSHOT) - (GROANS) - (CLATTERING) (DISTORTED SIRENS WAILING) (GASPS) (SQUEAKING) No. No, don't take it. Don't take it. Don't take it. (SQUEAKING CONTINUES) (WHOOSHING) (WHOOSHING STOPS) (SQUEAKING) (SQUEAKING QUICKENS) (RHYTHMIC SQUEAKING) (GRASS RUSTLING) (CHIRPING) (RHYTHMIC BEEPING) (WHISPERS): You are me. There you go. - All right. - (DOMINICK GROANS) (GROANS) - (QUESTIONING MOAN) - NURSE: Oh, it's okay, bro. Hey, hey, hey. - Hey, hey. Hey. - (GROANS) It's okay. It's okay. It's not real, brother. It's not real. It's the morphine, okay? A lot of patients freak out on that stuff. I mean, that's the kicker about hallucinations, right? Is it real, or is it Memorex? You know what I mean? Hey, you want a little bit of this, bro? Here you go. Come on. There... There you go. Hey, you ever do acid, bro? I dropped it a couple times way back in my hombre days. You know, before wife number two got a hold of me. There was this one time, I was trippin', right? And I... and I thought I was running with a pack of wild dogs. I could have swore I was turning dog, bro. - (DOMINICK GROANS) - I could have swore that was real. You want any more of this, man? It's getting a little drippy, bro. (MUMBLING): What happened? What happened? I don't feel anything. Well, yeah, that's 'cause you know, your brain, it acts like a circuit breaker, you know? When it gets too intense, the switch just... flicks you unconscious like that. - What happened to me? - You know what, man? Forget about computers, bro. You want high tech, you give me the human body any day, man. - Someone was screaming. - Hmm? - Someone was screaming. - Yeah. Yeah, that was, that was probably you. (CHUCKLES) Your foot was literally turned in the opposite direction. It was facing away from you like this. Yeah, your fibula was poking out of your leg. - It was pretty gnarly. - What day is it? It's Saturday, 1:35 in the morning. - Saturday. - Yeah. How can it be Saturday? I don't know, bro. Because yesterday was Friday and tomorrow's Sunday, man. - What's the date? - Huh? - What's the date? - The date? Today? Today, today's, uh, November 3rd. You know, you've been a little in and out of it lately. (VOICE FADING): Between you and me... - Oh. Oh, man. - Hey. Hey, whoa. Hey, whoa, whoa, no, what are you doing? No, whoa, whoa, whoa. - No, I have to, please. - No, come here, come here. Relax. - What happened to my brother? - I don't, I don't know. - Did you hear? - What do you mean? What happened to your brother? - Where is he? - I don't know what you're talking about, man. - Let me use the phone. - No, no, no, you can't use the phone. - No, I... - Hey, hey, you're just disoriented, okay? It happens, you've been lying in bed for two or three days. It happens, all right? You call somebody right now at this time of night, they're gonna come down here and they're gonna bust that other foot of yours, all right? So you just gotta wait until the morning. - (SOBS) - Hey. Hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Look at me. You can call whoever you want in the morning. I promise you that. Matter of fact, if I'm still on duty, I'll dial that number myself for you, all right? I'm gonna put you down. I'ma let you rest for a little while. You in any pain, bro? Yeah? Here. Take this right here. This is a morphine pump. You control it with this, little green button. There you go, that's green. Green means go. You pump that if you need it, okay? - Green means go. - No, I need to stay awake. No, I know, I know, it's just there if you need it. Just do me a favor. Don't go trippin' out, all right, buddy? Just get some rest, bro. (PRIVACY CURTAIN RATTLES) (TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWS) - Woman (ON PHONE): Hello? - DOMINICK: Hello. I'm trying to get a hold of Lisa Sheffer. WOMAN: I'm sorry. She doesn't work today. Yeah, this is an emergency. Can I just get her home number, please? WOMAN: I'm sorry, sir. I'm not at liberty to do that right now. Yeah, but I already have it. She gave it to me. I just, I just, I just don't have it on me right now. WOMAN: Sir, I'm sorry. The best I can do is take a message. I already have her phone number. WOMAN: Would you like to at least leave your name? Dominick. WOMAN: And your last name, sir? She knows my last name. Just tell her I called. WOMAN: And what can I tell her this is in reference to? Hey, she knows me. Just tell her Dominick. She knows who I am. She knows what it's in reference to. Woman: I'll pass on the message, sir. Shit. - (PHONE CLATTERS) - (GROANS) - Want me to help you with that? - No, I got it. - Oh, shit, oh, shit. - Oh, geez. (GROANING) Oh, I'm sorr... What can I touch? Is this all right? - Yeah. - Here. Don't worry about this. It's not important. - (BREATHING HEAVILY) - Okay? (WHISTLES) (FARTING LOUDLY) Whoops, excuse me. Sorry, excuse me. One of the side effects of this new diet they got me started on. Gives me terrible gas. Nice to see you among the land of the living. How's the leg? Fine, I'm high as a kite. Yeah. Push the green button. Green means go. (LAUGHS) Steve is the name. - Steve Felice. - Dominick. (FARTS) - Pardonne-moi. - Jesus Christ, man. Well, you know, they say that, once my body gets used to this high-protein diet that I'm on, that this is all gonna go away, - and uh, I certainly hope so, because I got a girlfriend. - (PHONE RINGING) Okay, all right, I get it. - Hello? - Lisa (ON PHONE): Dominick? - Sheffer. - LISA: Hey! How are you? I can't believe it. When I found out what happened, oh my God! What happened? Did they postpone the hearing? LISA: Look, you know what? I was thinking I should come to talk to you about this all in person, you know? Just please tell me what happened. Did they postpone it or did it go ahead? LISA: They went ahead. Where is he? LISA: Right now, he's at Hatch. Dominick, look. Let me just make sure I can get a babysitter here and then I'll be right there like as soon as I can. Okay? Dominick? - You there, Dominick? - See ya. (TENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪♪ Ma (QUIETLY): Oh, Dominick. Dominick... He's talkin' crazy. If you can come home, that'd be so good. (INAUDIBLE) He's... he's in the bedroom. He won't come out. ♪♪ Hey, Thomas, it-it-it's me. It's Dominick. Can you just open the door for me? (STAMMERING): It's okay, I-I figured out what's wrong with me now. They-they planted receivers inside my mouth and they've been sending me messages and they've been trying to brainwash me. But I figured out that they're heat sensitive. So I-I made myself a cup of hot cocoa, (WHISPERING): And I burned them out with it. Uh, but then I started to pick up these other signals and so I've been ripping them out. Do you wanna see? VONETTE: Mornin'. I'm Vonette. I'll be your caregiver today, okay? - Okay. - Did you see that you have company? No, who? Hey. Sheffer, hey. LISA: Hey, Domenico. DOMINICK: How are you doin'? All right, how are you doin'? - (GROANS) - This is... You look pretty bad. This is from me. Well, this is from Patel. These are from me. You didn't have to bring me flowers. How you doin'? Wow. Hmm. So? So. Not so good, huh? It didn't go how you wanted, no. It's not your fault, Domenico. It's not your fault. Did he freak out 'cause I wasn't there? Mmm, yeah, he did. He told me that he was certain that you were hurt. He kept saying it, Dominick. "My brother's hurt, my brother's hurt." And... my God, you were. I tried to calm him, I... I reached out for his hand and that's when he flipped out. You know, he whacked me in the face and the guard jumped on him - and he put him in a choke hold. - He hit you? - Yeah. - That's how your lip got like that? Well, so I guess the cover-up didn't work? I always sucked at makeup. I can't believe... he's never done anything like that. It's all right, it really is. You know, I asked them if we could postpone everything, and, you know, the guy there who's in charge of everything, that asshole, Dr. Hume, he flatly refused. Yeah, he said no. He said because of the public perception, and because of the amount of media attention that Thomas' case had got, that the board felt that action of some sort was preferable to stasis. - Give me a fuckin' break. - Right? That's what I said. I reminded him that the patient's welfare needed to come before the state's desire for good publicity. I actually wondered out loud whether or not they could objectively listen to an argument about his being freed. I mean, it was the stupidest thing to do. I committed the mortal sin. I, I questioned their almighty judgment. It got a little frosty for me right after that. They sort of ignored me. They just pushed right through me and they went right to Thomas. You know, Dominick, I haven't had any coffee today. We ran out at my house. I'm gonna go grab myself a fix, okay? Yeah. I'll be back in like 10, 15 minutes. Why don't you see if you can read through this and if you have any questions, we'll go over it then, okay? Read it and weep, huh? Well. Yeah. I'll be back in 15. (INDISTINCT CHATTER) DR. HUME: Ms. Sheffer, as much as we appreciate your insights, the board would like to hear in the patient's own words why he cut off his hand. Thomas, is that something you can help us with? Thomas: "If the right hand offend thee, cut it off and cast it from thee." HUME: Are you saying you mutilated yourself to atone for your sins? THOMAS: No. To atone for America's sins. Hume: And what are America's sins? THOMAS: From the beginning... of history, American history, America's gone to war because war... war is profitable. And now, finally, we have arrived at a moment, a-a-a critical crossroads prophesied by the Bible in the book of John, the apocalypse. Our only hope is to give up this path of greed and to walk a path of spirituality instead. It's no surprise to me why you wanna keep me here. You're trying to demoralize me. And the CIA hires men to come... (CRYING): Come in my room at night, wake me up, and make me impure. They're trying to break my spirit. My spirit isn't broken. They underestimate me. I'm trying to stop an unholy war that will bring down on America the... the wrath of God. Iraq is gonna awaken. It's a sleeping dragon and it's gonna devour the children of the world. HUME: Thomas, look at me. - Thomas. - I'm prisoned here. We want to help you get well. We want to listen to you. I'm sorry you're upset at the moment, but... everybody cares very much about you. Let me just ask you something else entirely. I read in your report that you told the police that you were inspired to your library sacrifice by voices. - Is that accurate? - Yes, it is. HUME: Do you always feel compelled to obey the voices you hear? The good voices, yes. The evil ones, I battle. HUME: So how do you distinguish between them? The sound of Jesus' voice is like nothing else. - HUME: So Jesus speaks to you. - Jesus speaks to everyone. I listen. Okay, well, let's just, let's just suppose... that one of the voices of good, say the voice of Jesus Christ himself, asked you to hurt someone. To kill someone, say, one of his enemies. Would you... would you feel obliged to obey then? (TENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪♪ That's just a qu... weird question. It's ridiculous because Jesus, Jesus would never ask me to do something like that. He wouldn't ask me to harm anybody. Jesus Christ died on the cross so that, so that we would know the light. Hume: Yeah, but it's just an example. You know, if Jesus asked you to go back to the library, and cut the throat of the woman behind the desk, because she was an agent of the devil, would you do it then? Because Jesus asked you to? ♪♪ Jesus wouldn't ask me to do that. Maybe not, but if... he did... would you? If he did... HUME: Yes, if. Yes. Yes. HUME: Thank you, Thomas. LISA: It's okay. It's over. LISA: Hey, how far'd you get? (SCOFFS) I got to when they got him to say that he'd slaughter a librarian for Jesus. LISA: Could you believe that? The way they led him like that? I was so pissed off. So what's the verdict? As if I don't already know. It's, uh, it's a year. - At Hatch? - Yes. Hey, Dominick, you remember that first day that we met? When you were there in my office? I thought "Now, this guy is a walking attitude problem." "This guy has got chips on both his shoulders," you know? But I don't know, somehow, I got sucked into your brother's case. I started thinking about things, you know? How we all try to help each other but sometimes, the things we do end up causing more damage instead. You know what's the first thing they teach you in the school of social work? Don't get personally involved. Don't lose your objectivity. Straight-A student, look what I did. I did both those things. And I love you for it. LISA: Hm. I guess what I'm sayin', Dominick, is I really finally understand why you're so pissed. I'm not pissed anymore. - Hey. - What? - Do me a favor. - I'll do anything. You take your daughter some place today. Just the two of you together, have some fun. Yes, I promise you I will do that. And you don't worry about Thomas, okay? -(SCOFFS) -I'll keep an eye on him. I'll make sure he's safe. It's you. You're the one I'm gonna worry about now. Not Thomas. What are we gonna do with you? (LAUGHS SOFTLY) (QUIETLY): Hey. You rest. It's all okay. Thanks, Sheffer. Thank you, Domenico. (SOFT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪♪ (KISS) JOY: Sleeping Beauty. I've awakened you. (GRUNTS) Where's Sheffer? Who? Thomas' social worker at Hatch. - I'm the only one. - Where's Sheffer? Oh, she's gone. Jesus. I didn't mean to jump all over you about your brother. God, I feel so sick about it and I haven't been able to sleep for days. Funny. That's all I've been able to do is sleep. I missed his hearing, Joy. I let him down. I failed him. Listen to me. You have to stop. Trying to be this big savior all the time, and... you gotta start taking care of yourself instead, Dominick. 'Cause think about it. I mean, why did this even happen? From rushing down there every two seconds. You're losing sleep. You need to start worrying about yourself. (CHUCKLES) About our baby. Everything's gonna be okay. (CHUCKLES) No, it isn't. What are you talking about? Yes, it is. I know it's not mine. Of course it is. It can't be. I'm sterile. I had a vasectomy. When I was married to Dessa. Dessa and I had a baby together. A little girl. - Her name was Angela. - Stop it, why? I never told you about any of that. Why are you doing this? I just didn't think it would be an issue because I thought you didn't wanna have babies. I should have told you. I know I should have. We've both been lying to each other. I think it's just this medication they've got you on. - It's got you thinking really strange. - I'm damaged goods. - It's not your fault, okay? - Wait. Please. It's not your fault, none of it. Just stop, just stop talking. - You don't want my baby. - Stop it. Please. You don't want my baby. Please can you stop it because you're wrecking everything. - You need help. - You're lucky it's not mine. Because you're starting to act really crazy. JOY: Excuse me? - Excuse me? - Joy... Um, can you see if there's anything wrong with him? Because he's acting really weird. VONETTE: Okay. You seem fine. Let me just check your vitals. Your BP seems a little high. Let's get you squared away. All right, now, hon, if you don't mind, I have to check his catheter and empty the bag. I'm just gonna draw the curtain for a couple minutes and you can get right back to your visit, all right? JOY: All right. Vonette: Catheter seems just fine. I'll just empty the bag. (TELEVISION CONTINUES) There you go. You are all set. Oh, she probably just went to get a snack. I'm sure she'll be right back. You let me know if you need anything else, okay, hon? President George Bush (ON TV): And other coalition forces now have their capability to defend successfully against any further... Steve: Now that's a set of balls. - What? - The President. Going after that maniac in the desert. Look at him. He's a tough guy all of a sudden. I'm going for this. (CHUCKLES) Take off them glasses, put on the gloves, George. Take 'em out! Oh, Dominick, I forgot to tell you. My girlfriend, she was here yesterday and she says she knows you. At first she didn't recognize you, and then it dawned on her. How about that, huh? Yeah, it's a small world. STEVE: Yeah. Yeah, you can say that again. Small, stifling, suffocating world. (TV CONTINUES, INDISTINCT) ♪♪ (GASPS) (GROANS) (OXYGEN HISSING) (GROANS) (RAPID BEEPING) (GRUNTS) (GROANS) (WHIMPERS) (GROANS) (RATTLING) (GASPS) (GROANS) STEVE: Hey, you okay over there? - Yeah, I think so. - STEVE: Oh. - Oh, what time is it? - Just after 9:00. You were out. You slept all day. Oh, your dad was here. Big Ray. He was? Why didn't he wake me up? You never wake a sleeping baby. And you'll see, when it's your kid, you'll know what I mean. (GROANS) Oh, God. Oh, hey, here she is. Get on over here, Annie Oakley, and give your old hound dog a kiss. (CHUCKLES) Long time no see. Nedra? Yeah. Life has not been kind to you. I brought your grandfather back. And there's no charge. I mean, besides what you already gave me. By the way, you have my condolences. I'm not sure I would read it, though, if I was you. Just... - NEDRA: How are you? - STEVE: Hey, baby. I'm a lot better off than that man. (VOICES FADE) (ACCORDION MUSIC PLAYING) (WOMAN SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (MAN JOINS SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE) ♪♪ (SINGING CONTINUES) ♪ (SLOW MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ THERAPIST: What have you been reading, Dominick? DOMINICK: This book my grandfather wrote. It's like his personal history. (TRAIN HORN BLARES) ♪ (SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE) ♪ THERAPIST: If you keep reading... you may learn something about yourself. DOMINICK: You're trying to say that I'm like him. THERAPIST: Do you think that you're like him? ♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 