Proven Innocent: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Proven Innocent 
 s1e3 - A Minor Confession - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Proven Innocent (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - A Minor Confession - full transcript 
 Easy's church recruits the team to retry the case of William Hurston, a man convicted of murder at the age of 14 due to a coerced confession. Meanwhile, Bellows retaliates against Madeline using Rosemary's family. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Proven Innocent... What are you doing, Maddie? I need to figure out what really happened to Rosemary. You sure you really want to do this? Ever since I saw Bellows, it triggered something in me. I was just doing my job, and I honestly thought you were guilty. In fact, I still do. I announce my candidacy for attorney general to the great state of Illinois. I got a line on Madeline Scott. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Bring me something good. - You know I will. You think that I killed Rosemary? I don't know what to think anymore. I told myself I wouldn't come until I found your killer. I swear to you I'll find them. The moment I was accused of Rosemary Lynch's murder, the world saw me as a different person. I wasn't Madeline Scott anymore. I was someone else. I was the party girl, the sex maniac, a killer. Hi. I was also the innocent victim. - Thanks. - Hi. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The wrongly accused, the girl in trouble. But however they saw me, inside I felt the same. Eventually, the inside changed, too. When you live day to day behind prison bars, you begin to forget who you are. You lose yourself. One day, you realize you've become something else. Well, the Madeline Scott that I know and love, she's fierce, inside the courtroom and out. Every wrongfully accused person faces the same challenge. How do we stop letting others define who we are? Thank you, Pastor, for that lovely sermon. It was very inspirational. For some more than others. Michael's in a world of his own sometimes. The boy is 14 years old. We both know what that means. Ezekiel, can I have a private word with you? How old was William in this picture? He'd just turned 14. - Same age as your boy. - You don't say. William is 19 now, a gifted young man and still a person of faith. When Patricia joined the church a few months back, I started to visit him. The pastor has been a godsend. I-I still can't believe any of this is real. Two days after that picture was taken, William was arrested for murder. They locked him up for life. Tried him as an adult because he looked like an adult. It happens all the time. When a judge sees what he thinks is a man in his courtroom, he treats him like one. My nephew didn't shoot any liquor store owner. William has been suffering in prison for five years. He's lost all hope, Ezekiel. We need you. Why don't you start by telling me how all this happened. Well, that's the crazy part. William confessed. So... the police asked for your help. And you had the gun that killed the liquor store owner in your bedroom? Rabbit gave it to me. Rabbit. Does he have a last name? He looks like this, though. This is incredible. These are amazing. He's called Soul Brother. It's about an archangel who saves humanity but still can't get a cab. Yeah, I feel that. So, did you tell the police about Rabbit? They said I made him up. They said lots of stuff, But none of it's true. I don't know what you want me to say. How about starting with the truth? Pastor White said you get people out of jail. We both do. We don't always win, but we do our best. You'll do God's will. And that will be good enough. We'll do our best for you, William. William got railroaded. We need to take this case apart piece by piece, starting with the confession. He was only 14 years old, and the police questioned him for 20 hours. Where was his aunt during all of this? Working three jobs. She consented to an interview that became an interrogation. She didn't even know he was a suspect. So no lawyers. And no physical evidence of him at the scene, and no testimony putting him there. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Huge problem, though. The murder weapon was found in his bedroom. Given to him by a guy called Rabbit. Now, William only turned the gun over to the police because he thought he was helping them. We need to find grounds to get this back in court. Well, we should eviscerate defense counsel. William's murder trial lasted only one day. I've had dental work that lasted longer than that. Jury deliberation took four days. Must have been a holdout. We need to track down that jury. Vi? Not Radcliff the Madcliff. - Is that a person? - He's the jury administrator. He's been asking me out for six months. So what's the problem? You're on dating apps all the time. There are many problems with Radcliff. He has 50 birds, for starters. Violet... it's only one date. It's the fastest way to find out who the holdout juror is. Fine. But you people owe me. Hey, Radcliff, it's Violet. - About that date. - Really? I just need a little favor. I was the holdout on the jury. William seemed like a good kid. There was something sweet about him. He was scared. Overwhelmed. What made you change your mind? The foreman would bring in the newspaper every day. They were running a series on the man he shot, Wan Lee Kim. It was awful. Did this influence your vote? Absolutely. After I read it, I voted to convict. Thank you. Your Honor, this is clearly jury misconduct. Indeed. I hereby find reversible error in the original trial. Mr. Hurston is granted a new trial. Let's get it right this time. We're just getting started. This is a step in the right direction. If you say so, Mr. Boudreau. I can't believe I agreed to go out with Radcliff. - Did I mention birds? - Hey, who knows... you may discover you love birds. Or get avian flu. Maybe I should date question mark guy. He is such a hottie. - Who is he? - Jim something. Rosemary dated him the summer before she died. I broke up with Jim, and he showed up at Stanford, like a stalker. It was so creepy. It ended badly. Well, it seems like he should've been the main suspect. Why didn't anybody find him? Oh, my original lawyer searched every town within a hundred miles. Maybe we should try again. No, I don't have a last name, description. Nothing. I bet I can dig something up. Yeah, have at it. You looking for this? Carlos Rafael Gomez, aged 22. His face looks just like yours. Where'd you get this? Jared knows this guy. Do you know how much trouble you'd get into if you got caught? You get arrested, thrown into the system, life as you know it would be over. - I-I didn't even... - You don't get it, do you? You're a black boy living in Chicago. You got a target on your back the moment you leave this house. So now you're officially grounded. What? For how long? You can't see that far into the future. Hey, maybe this Rabbit will just hop out of his hole and just confess. We got to find him first. Yeah, we're trying. Meantime, we could go after the detectives who coerced William's confession. The arresting officer is a Detective Joe Folino. - Damn it. - Crap. Am I missing something? He's a jerk, but juries love him. What the hell? What are you doing here? Hello, Madeline. Just couldn't pass up a chance to dance with you again. Should be fun. I'll lead. The kid confessed. Detective Folino, do people sometimes falsely confess to crimes they did not commit? Sure. And some people fake it in the sack, too, but, uh, I've been doing it long enough to know the difference. So you have no concerns? I have zero concerns about this confession. Zero. He's the killer. Nothing further. Confessions are typically confirmed using a written statement or a videotape. Why wasn't that done for William? I videotaped him, but the file got corrupted. So you have no proof of a confession? The defendant led me straight to the murder weapon, hidden in his bedroom. Now, when you questioned William, he told you who - gave him that gun, didn't he? - Yeah. - He said it was a rabbit. - Uh, he said it was someone nicknamed Rabbit. Yeah, but I don't know no Rabbit, so obviously, the defendant was lying. No. You were lying, weren't you? You told him you needed his help finding the real killer. You never told him he was a suspect. How does it feel deceiving a 14-year-old boy? Objection. Counsel is badgering. Sustained. Are we about done, Mr. Boudreau? Yes, Your Honor. We should put William on the stand. No. I'm not exposing him to Bellows. He'll force William to admit to his confession, and we'll lose. No dice on the wascally wabbit. I canvassed the whole neighborhood, and no one's heard of him or they're not talking. Well, he's got to be somewhere. William didn't just make him up. Find him. Yeah, man. That's what I'm trying to do. We will find him. But first, we need to verify William's alibi. This photo was taken on the day of the murder. If we can establish a time of day... Let me see that. That's Brainiac Comics on Damen Avenue. They're open 10:00 to 4:00, except for Wednesdays and Saturdays, which is new comic release day. Closet geek. - But too good for the bird guy? - Comic books are not birds. Great! Track down the owner. What's up with Boudreau? Why is he so cranky? Doesn't want to let down William. Or his church. Hey! I just reached the next circuit. And you just reached my last nerve. Grounded means no video games. Yeah, whatever. - Excuse me? - Nothing. Oh, you think you a man now? Fake IDs, impressing your friends buying beers. - You know, when I was your age... - I know, I know. You got in trouble, got beat up, but then you found God. Look, I'm not you. Hey, you ain't gonna be disrespecting me, homey. Now, this is my house. You do as I say, or you can get the hell out. That's fine with me. - Thank you. - Thank you. So, um... so, tell me something. How's the, uh... how's the trial going? - Awful. - Yeah? Every time I see Bellows, I want to jam my pen in his eye. Oh, God. Sorry, I know you were just asking to be polite. It's okay. The truth is refreshing when you're dating someone. We're dating? Well, you know, we're out on a date, so yeah. OKAY, NOTE TO SELF: she doesn't like the word "dating." No, no, it's... It's not that, I just, um... I never learned how to do this. I didn't get to go to college and fumble around like everyone else. You've been out for what... been out... six years? There's more to you, there's more to your identity than just prison. There is, huh? And what would that be? I don't know. But I'm hoping to find out. Dance? Or don't you dance, either? I should go. - -Thank you all so much for coming out today. I'm Madeline Scott, and it is my... Thank you. Thank you. And it is my privilege and my honor to announce the candidacy and my wholehearted support of Evan Esteban-Miller for the attorney general of Illinois! Unlike his opponent, Gore Bellows, Evan is a talented, fair-minded, successful trial lawyer. Gore Bellows' prosecutions are corrupt, and he has... I expect you to stab me in the back, Susan, but in the front? Oh, grow up, Gore. I had her on the show because she gets ratings. Not news. She's only doing it to get to me. Well, hell hath no fury like a woman wrongfully imprisoned for a decade. You don't know the evidence. She and her brother killed that girl, and now they're both free. So, what do you want? Besides the pleasure of your company? - Oh, my. Are we flirting? - Is it working? The charm thing does not work on me. Now, tell me what you want and, more significantly, how it benefits me. Equal time, and... the Marquez trial's coming up. I'll give you exclusive access. You'll still have to respond to Madeline Scott's attacks. No Madeline, no airtime. It just so happens I have an idea that will bring me in direct conflict with Madeline Scott. Are you talking about the liquor store murder trial? It's good, but you're gonna have to do better than that for my show. Rosemary Lynch's parents. I'm gonna use them in a new campaign for victims' rights. Once they're front and center with me... - I can bring up Madeline Scott. - And remind your audience that the only reason she's famous is because she murdered an innocent girl. That's hot. State of Illinois v. Levi Scott. Mr. Scott, - you finally joined us. - Your Honor, my client consents to the plea arrangement agreed upon with the prosecution. - The plea is off the table. - What? Mr. Duncan, I am not fond of these kinds of maneuvers. I'm aware, Your Honor, but new evidence has surfaced. A sworn affidavit from the complaining witness, Heather Husband. She asserts that the defendant took a swing at them with a baseball bat. - No, Brian came at me. - Mr. Scott. - Levi. - We're amending our complaint to assault with a deadly weapon. In light of Mr. Scott's prior drug arrests, we will be seeking the maximum of 25 years in prison. Your Honor, this is outrageous. The State's amended complaint creates new facts out of thin air. You can dispute those facts at the trial. We're moving forward. Next case. Maddie, I can't go to prison. I can't. I will die in there. What happens if we go to prison? Okay? I can't do it! I can't! State of Illinois v. Conway. You're a lying bitch. Great defense. Did they teach you that in law school or in prison? Good one, babe. Hurston, up against the wall. Now. Hey, hey, hey, hey! Don't touch my drawings! This all looks like contraband. We're gonna have to confiscate this. It's all I got! Get off me! A search of inmate Hurston's cell uncovered some hand-drawn artwork. The images are violent, alarming. What do the drawings of William Hurston reveal about his psyche? Well, as you can see, he's obsessively drawn the same event - over and over again. - No, no! Is that an admission of guilt? Objection. Calls for speculation. Dr. Gregson is not just the prison warden. He is also an expert in forensic evaluation of inmates. He is here to provide his expert opinion. Overruled. Go ahead, Dr. Gregson. A compulsion to reenact a crime is a way of dealing with guilt. To a reasonable degree of medical certainty, these drawings are tantamount to another confession to killing Mr. Kim. Nothing further. Isn't it also reasonable to assume that these drawings are a product of William's imagination? The level of detail suggests otherwise. Really? Because in this drawing, William is holding a sharp Afro pick that looks about two feet long. And in this drawing, he has wings. So, are you saying that William had wings and carried an Afro pick when he allegedly committed this crime? - Of course not. - William has spent five years in prison. Isn't it possible that he thinks daily about the charges that put him there, and that all this is just an exploration of that injustice? I suppose it's possible, but... And so wouldn't that actually make these drawings the opposite of a confession? Objection. Argumentative. Withdrawn. Nothing further. Yo, Rabbit. I'm... I'm not a cop! Rabbit! I'm not a cop. I'm sorry, man. I just... I can't run anymore. I'm not here to arrest you. I'm not a cop, Rabbit. Rabbit? Sorry, I-I don't know your real name. Rabbit was my brother. He got shot in Fuller Park. He died a year ago. Mr. and Mrs. Lynch, I can't tell you how much I appreciate you coming down here on this important issue. So you want to create a new law - for victims' rights? - Exactly. We intend to introduce legislation that makes it more difficult for guilty people like Madeline and Levi Scott to be exonerated. I was told you had new evidence in Rosemary's investigation. Well, no new evidence, per se, but we want to apply the same rigors to her case. So we're just here for you to use us to score political points? Thank you... - but no, thank you. - Mr. Lynch, you don't need to... Charles and I divorced several years ago. Please continue. It is my hope to name the bill after your daughter and that you will help advocate for its passage. I want the world to remember the name Rosemary Lynch. I'll do anything I can to help you. You might not want to attack Madeline and Levi directly. Charles thinks they're innocent, and he might oppose the bill if you do. What do you think, Mrs. Lynch? I think they're guilty as hell. Hey, I just jaywalked. Are you gonna arrest me? What do you want, Bodie? Dinner, foreplay. Not necessarily in that order. Yeah? What's for dinner? Coq au vin. - Your place? - Your place. I'll bring the merlot. Yeah, and the handcuffs. I always do. Yeah, you do. Now, before this, uh, bacchanal begins, I need a little favor. Can you help me find a Rabbit? Is that a sex thing? No, it's the name of a guy. I need his file. He died a year ago in Fuller Park. Well, if I do, you got to be my rabbit. Oh, that's definitely a sex thing. Hey, how are you doing on Madeline Scott? Joe, you know, I'm still... I'm still thinking on that one. Think faster. This thing's starting to drag. If you can get her to admit she had something to do with Rosemary Lynch's death, you'll get your pick of assignments. - London? - Hey, wherever you want. But it's got to be good. Hey, I found out more about our dead Rabbit. His real name is Derrick Johnston. And looking at his arrest record, I definitely think he's the shooter. Burglary, assault. The police must have never even looked at him - for the liquor store murder. - Of course not. How did you get the police report? Don't worry about it. But wait, there's more... if you look at the name of the arresting officer on the assault charge. Radcliff. Hi, Violet. Hey, you ready for our lunch? I-I brought along Curveball so you can meet him. Oh, you brought a bird. That's really adorable. Uh, does Curveball like baseball? No, I-I named him after the double agent that lied to us during the Iraq War. His sister's Rumsfeld. Yeah. I hate you. Let's go. Detective Folino, we appreciate you coming back. We just have a few more questions. Do you recall William telling you someone named Rabbit gave him the gun that shot Mr. Kim? And you told the court you didn't know him? That's right. Never heard of him. Well, his real name was Derrick Johnston. Have you heard of him? Maybe. Name sounds familiar. I bet it does. Your Honor, we'd like to enter into the record an arrest report for Derrick Johnston on November 12, 2013. Assault with a deadly weapon. The arrest was made by the witness, Detective Joseph Folino. Now, your hand-written notes are on that report. Correct, Detective? - Correct. - And what name did you use for Mr. Johnston at the time of his arrest? Rabbit. And the date of that arrest occurred before you arrested William. - True? - Yes. So when William said Rabbit gave him that gun, you knew exactly who he was talking about, didn't you? I-I don't know if I recall if I... But you never questioned a known felon. Look, criminals blame other criminals when they're caught. That's probably why I didn't pursue it. The case against William was tight. It was tight because you made it that way. By refusing to listen to a 14-year-old boy. I'm finished with this witness. How come you didn't testify at the original trial? I didn't know it was happening. Afterwards, someone told me William had shot someone. I was stunned. He was a sweet kid. Dave, shoo. The fanboys... they love me. Do you know anything about this? Sure. That's William with Fordson Frank. He's a comic book legend. I took this picture myself. You did? Do you remember taking this photo? Yes. My signings were always 2:00 to 5:00, Saturday afternoons. I checked my calendar, and Fordson Frank was there March 22, 2014. And Wan Lee Kim was shot at 3:00 p.m. on that day. Can you say definitively that William was in your store at that time? Absolutely. Thank you, Mr. Toth. How many people in attendance that day, Mr. Toth? Ballpark. Maybe 40. And you're positive William was in your store the whole time? Relatively positive. Relatively. I see. Tell that to Mr. Kim's widow and children, who miss their father and husband every day. "Relatively" doesn't bring him back. "Relatively" does not prove that William Hurston was in your store when Mr. Kim was murdered, does it? You murdered Rosemary! You're lying, Madeline. Ezekiel? When is William going to testify? We weren't planning on that. Mr. Boudreau, the jury thinks my nephew is a monster. Put him on the stand. Let them see who he is. William is not the sweet 14-year-old boy you remember. We put him on the stand, we could lose. - You don't know that. - She's right. We don't. I didn't testify at my trial. I've always regretted it. We should give William a chance. This case isn't about you, Madeline. I never said that it was. You hired me to protect your nephew. Let me do that. I'll see you both tomorrow. Don't ever contradict me in front of a client again. Don't ever talk to me like that in front of a client again. I'm just... not feeling myself. I'm angry at everyone. My law partner, my kids, my wife. She thinks I'm talking to my pastor right now. But you came to a therapist instead. What do you think brought on this shift in you? I have a client. He was convicted of murder when he was 14, but he's six-foot-four and looks a lot older. - So they never saw the kid in him. - Your son... um, Michael... he's, uh... he's 14? I found a... a fake ID. I don't know if Michael used it or not... But you're worried. Hmm. When I was 14, I was a punk on the street. Our folks were so busy with work, they barely missed me. I did whatever I wanted, so I got in all kinds of trouble. I got beat within an inch of my life. I ended up running to the church, because, you know, it's a sanctuary. When I woke up the next morning, the light streaming through the windows, I saw the face of Jesus, and I felt this... endless love, like I had finally found what I needed. Why are you telling me this now? I guess we're all just a little lost when we're 14. But you found your way. But will he find his? Michael? Let me ask you this. Does Michael know you're there for him? I don't know what he knows. Well, then maybe you should let him hear you, and then really listen to what he has to say. Listen... I owe you an apology. I was, um, frustrated, and, you know, Michael's been acting up lately and... You're afraid Michael could end up like William. Yeah, but... I shouldn't have taken it out on you and everyone, so... It's all right. We understand. It's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I still think we need to let William testify. - Uh... - You didn't let me finish what I wanted to say to William's aunt, so you need to hear me now. - All right. - At my trial, my lawyer was afraid, just like you are now. He thought the jury would hate me. I felt powerless and alone. That is exactly how William is feeling right now. He won't say it, but deep down, he wants to tell the world what really happened to him. We need to give him that. You're right. I am afraid. Bellows is gonna come down on William hard, and I don't know how he's gonna respond, and the jury may hate him. Or they may really care about him, just like I know you do. Yeah. You're right. They need to hear him, just like they needed to hear you. We're gonna need you to testify, William. Now, they're gonna ask you why you confessed, why you had the gun that shot Mr. Kim. We need you to explain to the jury what happened, just like you told us. You think you can do that? We want to show the jury who the real William is. Not the kid who spent years in prison. The artist who loves comic books, who loves to draw. Okay. I'll testify. You did admit that you shot and killed Wan Lee Kim, correct? Yes, but I... And now you want us to believe that you didn't mean it? - I didn't. - So you lied. You're a liar. You're lying now because you want to get yourself out of trouble, aren't you? - Stop saying that! - You're lying, Madeline. No one believes you! It's time to tell the truth. You murdered Rosemary. No, it-it ain't like that. You say that now, but that is certainly not what you said at the time of the murder, when you confessed. No further questions. William, how old are you in this photo? Fourteen. 14 years old. And the detectives questioned you for 20 hours? All I wanted was to go home. - To see your auntie? - Yeah. And that's what the police promised you, right? That if you confessed, you'd finally get to see her again? They said I'd get to go home. It's the only place I've ever felt safe. My auntie... she bought me all my pencils and drafting paper. She loved me. I still do. William Hurston only, please. What else did the police say? That I could trust them. That they needed me. They needed my help to find the shooter. That I'd be a hero. So I showed them the gun, told them about Rabbit. But I didn't kill nobody. Heroes are the good guys. I'm a good guy. I was tired. I wanted to go home. Nothing further, Your Honor. - You should do the closing. - Oh, no. No, I'm too close. I don't want to get too emotional. Easy, William found you for a reason. He needs you. Okay. I'll do my best. What? I found Rosemary's mystery man. I checked flight records for Rosemary's Stanford weekend. Checked every flight between Chicago and the Bay Area, and I searched every person named Jim or James, and I came up empty. But then I found a familiar name on one of the flights. Levi. Rosemary was afraid of Levi. That doesn't mean he killed her. It means he could have. There's plenty of reasonable doubt in this case. There's plenty of reasonable doubt. There's plenty of reasonable doubt in this case. Hey, no matter how much you push me away, no matter how much you think you don't need me anymore, I love you, and I'm not going anywhere, no matter what. Um, cool. I'm gonna get some ice cream. You want some? I'm good, but thanks. There's plenty of reasonable doubt. Imagine a 14-year-old boy you know. He's confident, maybe overly so, still learning about the world, trying to fit in, impressing his friends and making mistakes. Now imagine that same young boy in a room with an experienced detective, and that detective confuses him with empty promises. All he wants is to be believed. There's terror in his eyes. He just wants it to end. He wants to go home. Can you see it? Because I can. And truth be told, it keeps me up at night. Because no matter how much you love and prepare your child, you can't protect them from everything. Now, isn't it possible... more likely than not, that this young boy, hungry for approval, told that trained detective what he thought he wanted to hear? Now, if you believe that's possible, that's reasonable doubt. The State would want you to believe that no one would ever confess to a crime they did not commit. But use your common sense and life experience. We all know that's not true, and they know it. Now imagine William Hurston. He was that scared, lonely 14-year-old boy. And that detective tricked him into admitting to a crime he did not commit. And that's what this case boils down to. And that's why you should find William not guilty. Thank you. We learn in Leviticus that when anybody becomes aware of the fact that they are guilty, they must confess. That is exactly what happened with this defendant. Don't let Mr. Boudreau and Ms. Scott confuse you. THIS IS A VERY SIMPLE QUESTION: did William Hurston shoot and kill Wan Lee Kim? I say, beyond a shadow of a doubt, the answer is yes. Now, Ms. Scott and Mr. Boudreau would have you believe that Detective Folino exerted some sort of power over the defendant, by calling into question his character... a respected detective with the Chicago Police Department. Now, you heard Detective Folino. By no measure... did he strong-arm this defendant. He conducted a fair and thorough interview and obtained a confession. Now, I ask you for a moment to consider the victim, Wan Lee Kim. Think about the fear in his eyes when this young man held a gun to his head and shot him. Think about that moment. The moment when he realized he was about to die. Ladies and gentlemen, YOU MUST ASK YOURSELVES ONE QUESTION: If he didn't do it, why did he confess? Why? THE ANSWER IS SIMPLE: because he did do this heinous crime. On behalf of the People of the State of Illinois, I'm asking that you find him guilty of murder. Appearances matter. What the world sees in us sets expectations. The world defined William Hurston by the way he looked. No, no! They labeled him a killer, and they treated him like one. But inside, he screamed back, "I'm not a killer." "I'm a superhero." Jury's back. Have you reached a verdict? - We have, Your Honor. - How find you? We find the defendant, William Richmond Hurston, not guilty. Mr. Hurston, you are free to go. Thank you. - Thank you so much. - Mm. If we make the next news cycle, no one will even notice. - Are we ready? - All set. It's time we change the narrative. I don't like the word "victim." I prefer "survivor," because that's what happens when a crime occurs and you're the one left standing. You survive. I will work with state legislators to enact Rosemary's Law, named in honor of Rosemary Lynch, whose mother, a survivor, we have here today. Mrs. Lynch. Barbara Lynch knows that there is a pervasive injustice in our society. With Rosemary's Law, we can bring justice to her and to all survivors, because no survivor should be silenced or alone. How did you get in here? Mom gave me a spare key. She wouldn't do that. I came to talk to you about my assault case. You broke into my place. What the hell is all this, Maddie? Huh? What happened between you and Rosemary? Stop talking to me like a lawyer! Stop acting like a criminal. I know you followed her to Stanford. She was scared of you. No, um, no, no. L-Let me just explain that. You're afraid of me? I think that you should leave. Okay. Okay, I'll go. I love you, sis. I love you, too. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 