Proven Innocent: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Proven Innocent 
 s1e13 - In Defense of Madeline Scott Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Proven Innocent (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 13 - In Defense of Madeline Scott Part 2 - full transcript 
 With Madeline's freedom at stake, Easy's defense hits a bump in the road. The team must band together to focus on solving Rosemary's murder once and for all before time runs out. Meanwhile,... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ANNOUNCER: Free the innocent. Find the guilty. -Are you sure you want to poke the bear? -I want to rip his heart out. ANNOUNCER: All-new episodes of Proven Innocent Fridays. And check out our other hit shows-- The Resident, 9-1-1, and Empire. Only on Fox. Previously on Proven Innocent... Madeline Scott, you are under arrest for the murder of Rosemary Lynch. If you can connect this lantern to Madeline Scott, you'll win by a landslide. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 VIOLET: Ravi was possibly a murderer. After Rosemary's death, all evidence vanishes. Only supporting the theory that he's dead. Sarah, I know this is a lot to ask. -We're hoping you'll testify to all of this. -Glad I can finally help. -Linda, I need you to testify. -I'll testify. NIKKI: You shouldn't have let my sister get anywhere near him. I think I deserve to see my son. -He's got nothing. -I've got everything. I've got Levi. (sighs) (water running) BELLOWS: We are now 100% sure we have the weapon Madeline Scott used 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to murder Rosemary Lynch. -(grunting) -Justice... will finally be served. (panting) VIOLET: What do you fear most? For those wrongfully accused, their biggest fear is hearing the word "guilty." That one simple word can take away your precious freedom and condemn you to prison for the rest of your life. On this week's episode of Until Proven Innocent, we'll discuss what happens when that fear hits close to home. When the freedom at stake belongs to someone you love. Madeline Scott is on trial for the murder of Rosemary Lynch and she is an innocent woman. So, my coworkers and I have been transformed from legal advocates to those suffering right alongside the wrongfully accused. And we will continue fighting with every ounce of strength that we have because we have seen how, in an instant, your freedom can vanish. And I know that in the depths of my soul, I would be lost without Madeline Scott, so... I am scared to death of losing my best friend. (sniffles) How'd it go with Sarah? I need to review the cult timeline with her. -How about Linda? -Well, she's got some interesting details on this Ravi character. Aka Robert Carter, deceased con man, cult leader and, oh, serial rapist. And our best option for an alternative suspect. We may not even have to present a case. We might be able to knock out Bellows' case on lack of sufficient evidence. -You really believe that? -Well, it's not impossible. What does Bellows really have? A lantern with no hair, fibers, uh, fingerprints... unreliable witnesses. Heather "Bitch" Husband. Who I'll decimate on cross. I got this. What do we do about Levi? Bellows has had him alone and incommunicado for a week. What if he got to him? What if he threatened him and he flipped? You really think your own brother's gonna lie to implicate you for murder? EASY: Hey, either Levi tells the truth and testifies you didn't do it, or I'll expose his lies and go after Bellows for suborning perjury. We're ready. What do you think Levi's gonna say? I have absolutely no idea. ALDERS: Day one of the retrial of Madeline Scott, only this time she's being tried without her brother Levi, who some say has turned against his sister as the prosecution's star witness. -(reporters clamoring) -ALDERS: Madeline, how does it feel to know -that your own brother has betrayed you? -How does it feel -to be a two-faced, lying hag? -Uh, we have no comment. Getting scared now that a guilty verdict is finally on the way? You know... Do you have any idea how much damage you do with your hyped-up coverage and sensationalism? This is an actual life that you are destroying for an extra half-point of ratings on a crappy show. All right, like I said, we have no comment. Madeline Scott, clearly under pressure. Entering the courtroom now is State's Attorney Gore Bellows. -Mr. Bellows. -Don't have anything for you right now, Susan. (quietly): Gore... get her. (reporters clamoring) * We were a couple hours into the mission, off the southeast shore of Cathedral Cove, when the submersible picked up a metallic object at approximately 20 feet, some dozen yards offshore. And what was the object you found? -(grunts) -MEDICAL EXAMINER: It was a common camping lantern. The two dented spots on the lantern precisely matched the wounds that killed Rosemary Lynch. -(grunting) -Also, the metallic shards found in the brain of the deceased match the lamp's metal. The lantern belonged to Madeline. And how can you be sure of that, Mrs. Husband? Well, for one thing, it was old, even then. So, when I saw her carrying it, I made a joke -about how gross it was. -And this discussion happened on the night Rosemary Lynch was murdered? Yes. She was walking with it when we talked. Any idea where she was headed? Right to the spot where Rosemary was found. She was acting so strange, like... I don't know, maybe she was on drugs or something. The next thing I saw was that Rosemary was dead, with this huge gash on her head. Mrs. Husband, at the original trial, you never mentioned anything about Madeline following Rosemary, nor did you mention anything about a lantern or about her being on drugs. Nobody asked me. EASY: Really? You didn't think it was important to tell anyone that you saw Madeline follow Rosemary in the moments before her death? I think this would be the first thing you would tell someone, anyone, the entire world. I honestly -don't know why I didn't. -Is it because none of it actually happened? Objection. Argumentative. Withdrawn. Mrs. Husband, haven't you been cautioned against committing perjury on the stand in the past? Objection. Relevance. Sustained. Prior bad acts, Your Honor. Goes to credibility. I'm establishing a pattern. And I'm not allowing it, Mr. Boudreau. Let's stay on point. (clears throat) You said you saw Madeline follow Rosemary with the lamp. -Did you follow them, too? -No. Then you have no idea whether Madeline and Rosemary ended up in the same spot. I know what I know. Madeline Scott killed Rosemary. And that's just another lie, isn't it? Objection, Your Honor. Defense is badgering -the witness. -I'm just calling her what she is, Your Honor, a liar. -Your Honor. -JUDGE: You're on thin ice, Mr. Boudreau. One more of those, and I'll hold you in contempt. Apologies, Your Honor. Hey, uh, Linda Barrett working today? No, she quit. She quit? Really? When? Look, buddy, she's the key witness in a murder trial, and I'm on the defense team. She's not answering our calls. This is life and death. All I know is yesterday she got a package. Next thing I know, she quits. You have any idea what was in it? No. BODIE: Can I get a look at your surveillance footage? Linda Barrett vanished, but I-I think I know what happened. The package she received was delivered by PrivatePack. It's an encrypted online service that anonymously sends whatever you want to whomever you want whenever you want. So someone sent Linda a package, and whatever was inside, it made her freak out. -Looks like witness tampering to me. -Yeah, but what I don't understand is that... what is it? I mean, what could be so bad it would keep her from testifying? Sarah Tawney just called. She's backing out, too. Sarah, we know why you've been avoiding us. Listen, you got a package, didn't you? -What was in it? -Did it have something to do with the cult? You know, when Jim Jones started his Peoples Temple cult in Guyana, he had all his followers write confessions to crimes they didn't commit so that he could always have control over his flock so they would never betray him. Did something like that happen? It wasn't a letter. It was a videotape. (exhales) It was a sex tape, -wasn't it? -And other things I'd rather not discuss. With Ravi? Sarah, please. He wasn't on the tape. It's just me and some of the other girls. Ravi took videos of all of us. I guess I was stupid to think that, when he died, the past died with him. Sarah, if you don't testify, I'm gonna go to prison for the rest of my life. Sarah, we can subpoena you and force you to testify. If I testify, whoever sent this promised to post it online. Please, I can't do this. -Okay. -(exhales) Who else do you think could have sent the tapes? I have no idea. What about Heather Dupinski? You said that she was number two with the cult. Do you think, before he died, Ravi could have sent her -the tapes? -It's possible. If Heather sent those tapes... It means she killed Rosemary. JUDGE: You're claiming witness tampering? Defense's request for a mistrial is ridiculous. We believe prosecution witness Heather Husband sent -those videotapes. -JUDGE: Mrs. Husband? I never sent any videotapes to anyone. They're lying. They are grasping at nothing, Your Honor. They attack the witness on the stand, and then they throw these unsubstantiated and absurd accusations. Your Honor, we have a legitimate interest in discovering who tampered with our witnesses and why. What's the content of the tapes? Embarrassing activities at the cult, Your Honor. Humiliating acts caught on tape, used to intimidate and control the members. We posit that Ravi used the tapes against these girls to repeatedly force them into sexual situations. Ms. Scott, for me to declare a mistrial, I need proof that the tapes actually exist. Our witnesses are afraid to turn them over, Your Honor. Then all of this is speculation. Your motion for a mistrial is denied. We reconvene tomorrow morning. BODIE: You think we should get something to eat -other than licorice? -Nah, I'm good. Unless you got some ice cream. (scoffs) Do I have ice cream? (knocking) Hmm. You expecting somebody? No. Hello. I'm Joan Myers with CPS. I'm looking for Nikki and Nathan Castro. BODIE: Yeah, uh, Nikki's at work. Na-Nathan's here. How did you know where to find us? CPS has its ways. May I come in? Well, that actually depends on what you want. Standard check on the child's living conditions. I understand he's been spending a good deal of time here. Are those swords on the wall? Maybe. I'm guessing that's a bad thing. Are you gonna let me in or not? Yeah. NIKKI: What did you say? I need to know exactly what you said. Okay, I told her that Nathan was doing great. And what did she say? She focused on my nunchucks a lot, actually, -and-and my... -Bodie! I just... I-I can't lose him, Bodie. I can't lose my little boy. I can't lose him. It's gonna be okay. All right? 90% of the time, family court awards custody back to the birth mother. And if Daniela can prove that she's even a little... I know. You're not gonna lose him. You can't promise that. Okay? No one can. No one. I... BELLOWS: Mr. Scott, I realize this must be difficult for you, but thank you for agreeing to testify today. On the night of Rosemary Lynch's murder, were you with your sister Madeline? Mr. Scott? -Your Honor. -JUDGE: The witness is directed to answer the question. I don't remember. BELLOWS: If I may, I'll refresh the witness' recollection. Mr. Scott, you have previously stated that you were with your sister, Madeline, at Quarry Lake on the evening of Rosemary Lynch's murder. -Correct? -Like I said, I don't remember. Permission to treat this witness as hostile. -Permission granted. -BELLOWS: Were you aware that your sister cannot account for three hours of her time on that night? -I can't remember. -Then I'll remind you. It was during those three hours that Ms. Scott conveniently cannot recall the events of the evening when Rosemary Lynch was murdered. Well, to quote our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, "Those are your words, sir, not mine." BELLOWS: Mr. Scott, on the evening of Rosemary's disappearance, before her body was found, did you see the defendant, Madeline Scott, near Cathedral Cove where the murder weapon was found, high on drugs? I'm warning you. Either you answer the questions or you'll be cited for contempt and jailed until you answer. Oh, jailed. Jailed. (chuckles) Your Honor, you can do whatever you want with me, but I refuse to answer questions from this corrupt prosecutor! JUDGE: Mr. Scott, I find you to be in contempt of these proceedings. Take the witness into custody. Been there before, haven't I, Gore? -(buzzer blares) -(Madeline sighs heavily) Well, that was one of the sweetest, stupidest things anyone's ever done for me. I'm your big brother. What'd you expect? Where were you? You disappeared. I was worried. Why didn't you talk to me before you pulled a stunt like that? Because you were gonna try to talk me out of it. You're damn right. I would have succeeded, too. Come on. You really think I was gonna testify against you, Maddie? What did he want you to testify to? He said I was on drugs. What was he talking about? Those three hours that you couldn't account for that night, you weren't just asleep, Maddie. You were-you were acting weird, like you were on drugs. No. No, I didn't take anything. I never did. I don't do drugs. I know. But something was up. You were out of it. I mean, you didn't... you didn't even go looking for Rosemary until the next morning. -When we found her? -Yes. I don't know if you got slipped something, if you-you took something that you didn't know, but something was off. MADELINE: If I was high on drugs and I don't remember what happened, I could have done anything. No, you didn't do it. Stop. -It was my lantern. -No. Listen to me. You're innocent. (knocking) How are you doing? I don't know. (sniffles) -I'm feeling a little lost. -Mm. Yeah, well, Bellows presented a good case. But... now it's our turn. And we will fight back with everything we've got. What have we got? Neither Sarah nor Linda will testify. We crapped out on our witness tampering motion. You did a noble job cross-examining Heather, but it wasn't a slam dunk. Levi pleaded the fifth, so the jury's just gonna think that he's hiding something. Bellows is kicking our ass. No, it hasn't gone as easy as I thought it would. But I am still not daunted. Because you are innocent, Madeline Scott. And that makes everything I do make sense. I won't lose you. You're really good at this, counselor. So, our newest alternate suspect-- Heather Husband. I don't know. You know, I know Heather's involved, but I don't buy her as the killer. Well, why not? All roads lead to her. No. I saw her in the courtroom earlier. She was really affected by what I was saying happened to those girls. Maybe it was guilt for what she did to them. Or maybe she was a victim, too. I know. If not Heather, then whoever Heather was lying for on the stand is the one who sent those tapes. She's protecting him. Heather's protecting Ravi. Why would she protect a dead man? He's still alive. ALDERS: With the election only five days away, Gore Bellows is pulling ahead in the attorney general's race. Pundits agree that his candidacy could live or die based on the verdict in the Madeline Scott murder trial. -(doorbell buzzing) -Now, some have argued he should stall the verdict -just in case he loses. -(Atticus barks) (TV clicks off) (Atticus whines) (sighs) Hi. I really need to talk to you. About what? I got one of those tapes, too. Linda and Sarah told you the truth. There was a cult. I got sucked into it by this guy. He was so charismatic and wise. Just felt like he could see into your soul. You're talking about Ravi. He treated us all like adults. He made us feel so special. We did anything he wanted. We wanted his approval. MADELINE (sighs): Yeah, I... saw all the initials with the hash marks carved into the cabinet at Sparrow Ridge. I assumed that was all the times everyone had had sex with him. Yeah. But what you don't know is the night Rosemary died he wanted you. Hey. Where's Madeline? -Ravi's gonna be here soon. -No. She's not feeling well. Just get her. Ravi doesn't like to wait. I'll do it myself. It's not happening, Heather. (groans) Rosemary was protecting me from him. I'm so sorry for what happened to you. I appreciate you saying that. I do. But I'm not sure I can forgive you. But I am... ...sorry for what happened to you. (sniffles) I didn't realize all the damage he caused. I didn't realize he was hurting me. Did you see Ravi kill Rosemary? No. I honestly didn't think that Ravi showed up that night. This whole time, I thought that you killed Rosemary. Until you got the tape? Yeah. I always thought Ravi was dead. Toby said he died in an ashram in Bangladesh. I was gonna drop out of school and go find him, but Toby showed me this article. Ravi died in a fire with 14 other people. It was a few months after Rosemary was killed. Wait, Toby Kissell told you that? Yeah. He used to do a lot of Ravi's dirty work. They were super close. He did everything Ravi asked him to. (indistinct chatter) Toby committed suicide because of the guilt. (sighs) He knew Ravi killed Rosemary. I wasn't lying to you, Maddie. She was my best friend, too. I hated you for killing her. I believe you, Heather. I still miss her. She was great, right? I want to testify for you. I'll tell the court everything I know. (Madeline sighs, sniffles) It won't work. When a prosecution witness flips, they're just deemed unreliable. It'll backfire. What are you gonna do? (sighs) Ravi's still alive. I'm gonna find him. Do I have to go? Nathan, we talked about this. Judge says you got to go stay with your mom now. Okay? Hey, tie your shoe. She's gonna be here any second. So, I'm not gonna see you anymore? Hey, um... look, we're gonna see you all the time, all right? We'll go to the park and have ninja fights and take trips to the arcade. You promise? Yeah. Double promise, bro. (crying) Your backpack's in the other room. Get it. (Nikki exhales) (sighs) I can't let him see me cry. I know. I hear you. It's gonna be okay. Look, hey, we're gonna keep eagle eyes on her. The second she screws up, we're gonna take her back to court. All right? -Yeah. -Yeah. I love you. I love you so much. I love you, too, babe. -You got anything? -Yeah. So, I found this. It's a death certificate from Bangladesh. Says Robert Carter died February 13, 2004 in Dhaka. So you think the death certificate is fake? I do. There's no record of the remains of Robert Carter being recovered or returned to the U.S. So he claims he died in a real fire, faked a death certificate... And then quietly returns as someone else. But as who? The only person who knows that killed himself a few months ago. Maybe Toby Kissell has relatives we can talk to. You know what, he does. He has a sister, Zoe. All right. VIOLET: Zoe, thanks again for having us over. ZOE: Oh, of course. I'm happy to help. Um... well, these are my brother's things. He... he didn't have much. -Right here? -Mm-hmm. All right. We're just gonna take a quick look. I don't know why he killed himself. I mean, he'd been down, but everything seemed fine. Well, Zoe, whatever it was, it possibly ties into our case. So... hopefully, we can find out. -Thank you. -Mm-hmm. VIOLET: Whoa. What? Toby's bank statements. This guy was broke. Isn't everyone like that? Ah, it's stuck. What is this? -What'd you find? -I found Handycam tapes. And these date back to the pre- smartphone Cretaceous period. And here is your Handycam. Well, it's not mine, but I do have one just like it. -What if these are more teen sex videos? -Easy, perv. Uh-uh. I'm serious. If they are, that's definitely evidence of the cult. (tape rewinding) -Hey, Bodie? -Yeah? Look at this. Look. Oh, my God. Is that...? Yeah. Mr. Boudreau, is the defense ready? Yes, we are, Your Honor. The defense calls Rosemary Lynch. (gallery gasping, murmuring) Order. -Order! -(gavel banging) Get that out of my face. Toby, turn that off. TOBY: Why? I thought we'd make a hot little tape. ROSEMARY: Turn it off or get out. TOBY: Okay. Fine. Turning it off. Did you... did you bring the downers? TOBY: What do you need roofies for? Is sex with me that bad you want to sleep through it? No, it's not... (sighs) for me, stupid. You can't ever repeat this, okay? Like, ever. It's for Madeline. TOBY: You want to give them to Madeline so she can join us? No need. You know she wants me. No. I'm gonna knock her out so that Ravi can't touch her. TOBY: Oh, man. He's gonna be so pissed. EASY: That night, Rosemary Lynch intended to drug Madeline to protect her from sleeping with Ravi, her real killer. Rosemary died protecting Madeline. She was trying to save her best friend. Certainly heard some wild stories during this trial. But we must not forget the basic truth: Madeline Scott was in possession of the murder weapon. The defense has played you a videotape to prove Madeline's innocence. But what it showed was her motive. Rosemary Lynch slept with a boy that Madeline loved, and then fed her drugs. So, in an agitated and drug-induced state, Madeline Scott sought revenge by killing Rosemary Lynch. Don't let the craziness the defense has thrown in your path cloud the basic truth. Madeline Scott killed her best friend. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, it is time for justice to finally be done. Your Honor, I ask leave of the court for a substitution of counsel. In place of Mr. Boudreau, I will represent myself pro se. Permission granted. (sighs) I thought I understood friendship. I thought I understood sacrifice. Heroism. But it wasn't until Rosemary that I saw what these words really meant. The evidence shows that I did not kill Rosemary. The video you watched shows clearly that, in fact, Rosemary died to protect me from a sadistic serial rapist. Rosemary cared more about other people than she cared about herself. And this monster, who calls himself Ravi, rewarded that selflessness by crushing her skull. He crushed the love and the life out of my best friend. There are two tragedies in this case: Rosemary's death... ...and the destruction that her first murder trial brought on me, my brother and my family. Because when someone is wrongfully convicted, there's more than just one victim. There's countless. But you... ...you can end these tragedies. You can end the cycle here, today. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury... I'm innocent. I am innocent. ZAHN: Yeah, I'm not gonna lie, Gore, you got balls of steel. How do you mean? Well, you could have stalled this case for months, but you finished just days before the election. Of course, if you lose... I didn't have any choice. Ever since Madeline was released, every time I look in the mirror, the case is there. It never goes away. I just need it to finally go away. Well... I hope you win. You know, for your own spiritual well-being, of course, but... you know, even more for all the freaking money -I have put into this campaign. -(chuckles) As I recall, you pushed me into going after her as well. You're right. I did. I did. I thought she was guilty as hell. I still do. Madeline? Ms. Scott, Rick Zahn. Mr. Zahn is an informal advisor of mine. It's a pleasure. I was, uh... I was sitting in the back, but I saw your closing argument. It was very powerful. Thank you. Uh, do you have a minute? MADELINE: So, jury's been out three days. BELLOWS: I'm sure they'll do the right thing. Yeah. I feel the same. I came here to tell you something, but I have a question first. I'd really appreciate it if you would be honest with me. I always am. If you weren't running for attorney general, would you have prosecuted me again? Yes. You said you had something you wanted to tell me? (sighs) Yeah. I forgive you. Okay. No, really. All these years, I took it personally, but this is just who you are. I don't think anything's gonna change that. You may have had a soul once, but... ...I think it's as dead as Rosemary Lynch. Manslaughter. 15 years. Give you credit for time served, you're out in five. You didn't hear a word I said, did you? Take the deal, Madeline. It may surprise you to hear this: I like you. I think you're a good person who had a very bad night. I didn't kill her. No matter what the jury says, no matter what the public thinks, I didn't kill Rosemary. And you and I will both go to our graves knowing that's true. * Will the defendant please rise? Madam Foreperson, what say you? In the matter of The State of Illinois v. Madeline Elizabeth Scott as to the sole count of murder in the first degree, we find the defendant... ...not guilty. (gallery cheering) ("Free" by Ryn Weaver playing) -(whispers): Thank you. -(gavel banging) * I'm slippin' up * * Under my feet * (laughs) My girl. * Hallelujah... * Get over here. Oh! * Hear my heart beat... * -(laughs) Oh, you do like me. -(indistinct chatter) * Nothin' competes * * When love is free... * Hey. We finally got the felony arrest record for Robert Carter. -MADELINE: That took long enough. -BODIE: Yeah, exactly. The Saint Charles, Missouri, PD should really learn how to digitize their files. But, anyways, this'll tell us who Ravi is. What are we waiting for here? Yeah. Sorry. Just, um... about to see the face of the man who killed my best friend, so... Yeah. (exhales) So? Oh, my God. So, I hate to give you bad news on the eve of your election. Which I'm now going to lose, by the way. But I found Ravi, the cult leader. He was still alive. Just changed his name. It's Rick Zahn. Your chief campaign donor. Robert Carter, aka Ravi. Heather Husband, Sarah Tawney, Linda Barrett-- they've all confirmed that it's him. He targeted you, right? Influenced you to prosecute me again, cover his tracks. You knew? Early this morning. I had Homicide run a few checks. Madeline, I'm so sorry. Don't be. I already forgave you. I don't know what you were planning, but I already gave it to a few reporters. It's gonna break first thing tomorrow morning. I don't know what kind of damage that's gonna do to your campaign, but that shouldn't matter, right? You beat me in court. And you put the final nail in the coffin of my campaign. I'd like to say I'm not enjoying this, but... what I really care about is that Rosemary finally gets the justice she deserves. Of course. And I assure you... justice will be served. BAILIFF: All rise. The State v. Madeline and Levi Scott will now proceed. FOREPERSON: We, the jury, find the defendants, Madeline Scott and Levi Scott, guilty of the crime -of the murder of Rosemary Lynch. -No, we're innocent! -We're innocent! -Your Honor, please! No! -I would never hurt Rosemary! -No! Your Honor! Your Honor, please! No! We're innocent! (sighs) This is a little dramatic, isn't it, Gore? I mean, even for you. You came to see me just after Toby Kissell killed himself. You were afraid your cover was gonna be blown, so you used your money to push me into retrying Madeline Scott. (chuckles) What the hell are you talking about? Don't waste your time denying it. Your teenage victims already identified you. They thought you were dead. I was. (chuckles softly) How many youngsters, underaged girls, were there? Ten? 15? 20? It's not my fault. God made me this way. But then he led me onto the path to salvation. I started thinking about ways I could use these drugs that I had made. (chuckles) Next thing I knew, I had created a pharmaceutical company that has saved hundreds of thousands of lives. So, one poor little girl had to die so that so many could be cured. Out of my darkness I have brought light. You're still a murderer. -A murderer that you're in bed with. -You think that's gonna stop me coming after you? I will take you down with me, Gore. I'll testify that you knew the entire time who I was, and you took my seven million dollars in exchange for prosecuting Madeline Scott. Why did you do it? Why did you kill that girl? (sighs) Rosemary! I am not playing games here. -Go get Madeline. -No. -She doesn't belong with us. -I decide that! If you go anywhere near her, I'll tell everyone what we do in that farmhouse. -You'll go to jail. -You little whore! (both grunting) Don't worry about it. Hey. We can fix this. We can. I'll disappear. Tonight. You'll never have to worry about me again. Take a look down there. That's where we found the body of your victim. (chuckles) BELLOWS: Do you know how many lives you've destroyed? Rosemary. Her family. All those girls you raped. Levi and Madeline. Their parents. I'm sorry. I can't let you go. Well, then you'll spend the rest of your life in prison with me. No. No, I won't. (both grunting) (screaming) (thud) I am pleased to announce that in conjunction with the Chicago Police Department, we have identified the man who killed Rosemary Lynch. Shockingly, it's someone we all know. Billionaire Rick Zahn. Mr. Zahn, when faced with an arrest for murder, cowardly decided to end his own life at the exact spot he killed Rosemary. As many of you know, Rick Zahn was a major contributor to my campaign and attempted to influence me in many ways. Thankfully, I was able to see through his guise and even help engineer his downfall. I would like to publicly apologize to Madeline Scott... ...another innocent victim in Mr. Zahn's reign of terror. REPORTER: And with that, Gore Bellows wins the closely contested attorney general race by a comfortable margin. Man gives one speech and wins an election. American politics is a dark, dark place. Our goal was to end his campaign, and we ultimately failed. You know, sometimes you just have to let it go. The real question is do you actually believe that Ravi killed himself? You don't think it was suicide? The man was about to lose everything. Mm, I don't know. One of his victims could've knocked him off, right? You got Linda, Sarah, Heather. They all knew who he was. Heather Husband. Name like that, she's got to be guilty of something, right? -(laughs) -EASY: Yeah, but... Linda Barrett seems more like a killer than Heather. What about Bellows? ("Be a Witness" by Unsecret playing) VIOLET: At the IDG, we welcome all who are searching for the truth. Our mission in life is to free the innocent. To protect those who are victims of what can sometimes be a corrupt and unfair system. * Marchin' for a bigger dream... * Every day, we will break the shackles of injustice, and we will find freedom... one case at a time. * We're gonna light the flame * * Stand till we see the change * * Human, we're all the same * * But I can't just be a witness. * Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH You've seen the fight for justice on Proven Innocent. Now here are a few more shows to check out from Fox. Rule number one if you want to stay alive. Don't lie to your doctor. * Show me how to come alive * -Profits over patients, again. -You save your morality lesson. -WOMAN: You have to save him! -(long tone) -(coughs) -Be careful. -You tried to kill him. -I had no choice! -(siren wailing) -* Let me know I'm not alone * Shall we? * Show me how to come alive * ANNOUNCER: The Resident, all new, Mondays at 8:00 on Fox. (bell clangs) MAN: As they began their hours of duty... -(bell clangs) -it was a bell that started it off. Each alarm was sounded by a bell... -(bell clangs) -that called them to place their lives in jeopardy... -(bell clangs) -for the good of their fellow man. -(bell ringing faster) -When the alarm had come to an end, the bell rang, to signal that end. -(phone dialing) -OPERATOR: 9-1-1? What is your emergency? ANNOUNCER: 9-1-1. All new, Mondays at 9:00 on Fox. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 