Wu-Tang: An American Saga: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wu-Tang: An American Saga 
 s1e6 - Impossible - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wu-Tang: An American Saga (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Impossible - full transcript 
 A bird's eye view of Wu. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You think we gon' get married and have kids that turn out like Darius and Darren? You don't get it. I don't know if I could ever forgive myself for the‐‐ the pain I caused, but I want to change. ‐ I'm releasing you on parole. Eight months in a rehab facility of the court's choosing. ♪ Killa, Killa Hill, who got the hype shit? ♪ Damn, son. ‐ You hear that? You definitely found your lane. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That beat is hard. I heard Divine getting out today. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Tell your brother I said, "What's up?" ‐ Linda, where's your sister? ‐ My sister? ‐ I can tell when I've worn out my welcome. Your pig sister cheated on the numbers. Somebody else has gotta make it right. ‐ Yo, my moms is in trouble. ‐ I want back in. ‐ You just got out. Your PO's watching your every move. Yo, if you need money‐‐ DIVINE: Nah. No, no, no, I'm good. ‐ If you wanna go down that road, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 you're gonna have to go alone. Don't you got a curfew? ♪ ♪ ‐ Who's Mom talking to upstairs? - Jerome. - Jerome? I hear from him. Any time his black ass need money. ♪ It's true that all the men you knew ♪ ♪ Were dealers who said they were through with dealing ♪ ♪ Every time you gave them shelter ♪ ♪ I know that kind of man ♪ ♪ It's hard to hold the hand of anyone ♪ ♪ Who is reaching for the sky just to surrender ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Who is reaching for the sky just to surrender ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And then sweeping up the jokers ♪ ♪ That he left behind ♪ ♪ You'll find he did not leave you very much ♪ ♪ Not even laughter ♪ ♪ He was just some Joseph looking for a manger ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And leaning on your windowsill ♪ ♪ He'll say one day you caused his will to weaken ♪ ♪ With your love and warmth and shelter ♪ ♪ And then taking from his wallet ♪ ♪ An old schedule of trains ♪ ♪ He'll say, I told you when I came I was a stranger ♪ ♪ I told you when I came I was a stranger ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I told you when I came I was a stranger ♪ ‐ Jerome? ‐ Hey, beautiful. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Did you play sports when you were a kid? Did I play sports? Well, don't you know, I had my own uniform and everything. I was number 40, after Gale Sayers. ‐ Who's that? ‐ Only the best running back and my number one hero. ‐ Spider‐Man's my hero. ‐ Sayers was a hero on and off the field. Wasn't just the best running back. Did a lot of good things to help people. ‐ I wanna be a running back too. ‐ My man. ‐ What y'all cutting up about in there? I would come home after practice every day to a big old house. Yard full of green grass, a fence, and everything. ‐ For real? ‐ And there's a house just like it waiting for us in Ohio. ‐ Like this? ‐ There ain't hardly no grass in there. I'm talking about a yard... this big. ‐ For real? ‐ As real as I'm sitting here right now. The air is even cleaner there. Take a deep breath in. ‐ ‐ See? In Ohio, ain't no coughing. It's clean. Easy living. - They got cows in Ohio? - Yeah. Cows, goats, horses. - You name it. - I wanna ride a horse. When we get to Ohio, I'll take you horseback riding, for sure. ‐ Randy. You do know your daddy's messing with you, right? I ain't messing around. There's a tiny little sliver of land in Ohio that I've been sitting on for years now. The thing is, this tiny little sliver of land got minerals in it. ‐ Oh. ‐ And there's a energy company wants to take it off my hands bad. With the clean air, green grass, and a real kitchen. You'd even get your own room. ‐ You gonna throw in the Verrazzano Bridge, seal the deal? ‐ You won't be laughing when I put you in that dream house you always wanted. It ain't gon' be no rental neither. ‐ All right, what other fairy tales you got to tell me about Ohio? ‐ I already got the house picked out. Got a job lined up, pays real good. Because, you see... sometimes... fairy tales do come true, baby. ‐ Okay. Come on here with me. You wanna tell me your little stories, fine. But leave that boy alone. He believe anything you say. ‐ Nah, I told you already. This ain't no story. But look here... you wanna hear a story? I'm happy to tell you one later. At bedtime. ‐ Don't even. I got too much on my plate right now, Jerome. But you're welcome to come visit Randy anytime you'd like. ‐ ‐ Why you slamming the door? ‐ Hey, yo, shut up, son. ‐ The stupid VCR doesn't work again. ♪ Yo, here we go, here we, here we go ♪ ♪ Yo, here we go, here we, here we go ♪ ♪ Yo, here we go, here we, here we go ♪ ♪ Who got the hype shit? ♪ ♪ Killa Hill, Killa, Killa Hill ♪ ♪ Who got the hype shit? ♪ ♪ Killa Hill, Killa, Killa Hill ♪ ♪ Who got the hype shit? Killa Hill ♪ Damn, Shotgun, you killed this shit. Bobby came through on this beat, son. Word up, yeah, you know, Bobby got all the beats. You gonna call me, superstar? Oh, you know I will. Better be the right number too. Catch you later. ‐ A'ight, dog. ‐ It's gon' crazy. Love. Word up. ‐ Word. ‐ Damn. This shit is still in heavy rotation. You gonna give LL a run for his money. ‐ Shit, with the ladies too. Yo, I'm gonna call you later tonight! You better! ‐ For real! A'ight! - ‐ So, the music. - ‐ Yo, I told you I was gonna be good. 'Bout to get paid with this rap shit. ‐ Yeah, and when you do, don't forget about your boy. You know I can't be doing what I do forever. ‐ Yo, when I blow up, I'll take you with me, son. That's my word. ‐ That's my word. That's my word. A'ight, boy. Yo, yo, you got the party still going! Damn. He got the whole Killa Hill behind him. And that's a beautiful thing. I'ma need a dub of that shit for the whip. Know what I'm saying? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Say, let me get a little crill and I'll get you back by Friday, man. - Come on. - Fuck outta here. You playing with us right now? You think it's a fucking game? My son over here talking to y'all about fucking layaways and shit. What‐‐hold on, hold on, hold on. Wait a second. Take this scully shit, nigga. Get the fuck outta here, man! Get the fuck outta here! What's wrong with these niggas? ‐ Leave that man alone! You never know what someone's been through or where they come from. How dare y'all treat another black man that way? ‐ Let's get the fuck out of here. You ought to be ashamed of yourselves. ‐ Afternoon, Ms. Burgess. You making magic quilts up there again? ‐ I wish they were magic. Might make more money selling them if they had that. ‐ My mother still uses the quilt that you made for her on her birthday with all the jazz musicians on it. She says it keeps her mood up in winter. Thank you. ‐ You're welcome. ‐ You know what would keep my mood up? ‐ What? ‐ If you told these boys to act right. - ‐ Mm. - They listen to you. ‐ Yes, ma'am. - ‐ Thank you. - You're welcome. I'm telling you, this world needs Nina today more than ever. Curtis, remember that time we saw her together at Washington Square Park at the protest? Hmm. You whispered, "Don't look now, but Nina Simone is right behind you." I thought you had lost your mind. Then she turned around with that great big smile. ♪ From the depths of the Killa ♪ ♪ To the top of Now Born ♪ ♪ Wildin' on Staten Island comes the poet Shotgun ♪ ♪ Can't forget Bobby, 'cause if I did, I'd feel gypped ♪ ♪ Like my sandwich ain't a sandwich ♪ ♪ Without Miracle Whip, I'm here to wake up ♪ ♪ Emcees who say the Staten ain't strong ♪ ♪ You damn near in a coma, you been sleepin' so long ♪ ♪ Get took in whether in Brooklyn or the Island of Stat ♪ ♪ Get blitz for takin' shit no matter where you at ♪ ♪ So wear you gold if you choose to roam ♪ Yo. ‐ Hey, yo, what you doing over here, son? ‐ Shit, you know. Just seeing, uh, how my shit playing out over here. ♪ Killa Hill, Killa, Killa Hill ♪ ‐ Yo, you gave this beat to Shotgun? Fucking soundtrack to my life. ♪ Killa, Killa Hill, who got the hype shit? ♪ ‐ You good? ‐ Yeah, I'm good, son. You a'ight? ‐ Yeah, yeah, yeah. About to, uh, go over here and handle some BI. ♪ ♪ I'ma catch you, though, all right? ♪ ♪ It's fire, Shot. It's real good. ♪ ♪ ♪ Birds of a feather flock when they spot bread ♪ ♪ You can spot him in the drop spot with the top shed ♪ ♪ Kept calm, never sweat, left with a goddess ♪ ♪ Yes, mommy, fresh chest bustin' out her dress ♪ ♪ Temptress with the fishnets kept the kid set, uh ♪ ♪ Winners never lose, the beginners get bruised ♪ ♪ You could wear my same size never fit into my shoes ♪ Yo. ♪ Watch with snake eyes as I get into the groove ♪ ♪ I'ma make the cakes rise in the kitchen ♪ Rebel. ‐ ♪ Watch with snake eyes ♪ ♪ As I get into the groove ♪ ♪ Watch with snake eyes ♪ ‐ You should write that shit down. ‐ You should have put me on that track, man. I been fucking flowing with this shit so much I feel like I'm already on that motherfucker, man. ‐ That shit's ill, right? ‐ Listen, dog, first car to pull out this parking lot today was bumping that shit, man. Kids on the way to school dancing before they catching they 8:15 bus. You know the fat little kid who be walking around by himself and all that? Shorty was bumping that shit, man. ‐ The fuck is your ass getting up so early for, huh? ‐ Look, man, they bump that joint 57 times just this morning, and that's all before the mailman made it ten minutes late than his usual shift, know what I mean? ‐ You remind me of that inspector from The Pink Panther with the mustache and the magnifying glass and shit. ‐ This nigga crazy. ‐ Hey, yo, you, uh... You sell that shit? ‐ Listen, man, it's too cold to be standing outside selling that tea weed, man. ‐ Yo, you told me that you was gon' sell that shit for me. No, no, no. You asked me if I could sell it for you. And I will, eventually. ‐ A'ight, man. Let me see how much you got. Yo, this is it? ‐ Yeah. ‐ So what you stressing for? I thought you had Wall Street on lock and whatnot? ‐ Fuck it. ‐ Yo, what's good? ‐ Fuck it, man. I gotta bounce, all right? ‐ Yo, Bobby, what's up with that track, though, man? Hey, Ma. Hey, uh, a little short today, but, uh... ‐ Well, we're good. Oh, yeah? How is that? ‐ Well, thank God I got a lot of good tips. ‐ ♪ ♪ What is that, a apple? ‐ Nah, I'm using it for Mars. What's that, the solar system? Yeah, it's a project for science class. ‐ Jerome is out? ‐ Mm‐hmm. Showed up on my doorstep like a lost puppy. But Randy's happy to see his daddy. ‐ What, is he staying here? ‐ Uh, no. ‐ Bobby! ‐ Yo. ‐ It's been a long time. ‐ Sure has. Welcome back. ‐ I'm just glad to be home. ‐ I'll bet. So I guess with Divine's situation, you the man of the house now, huh? ‐ Yeah. I mean, it's good to have a extra set of hands around the house, though, you know what I'm saying? ‐ Can I please use your phone? ‐ Is it a local call? ‐ C'mon, now, I told you I'm trying to get this land deal. - ‐ Go on. - All right, all right. ‐ "Land deal"? ‐ You don't have to worry, Bobby. We got this week's payment. ‐ All right. Hey, but, Ma? We still got the rest, though. ‐ You're short. ‐ It's all there. ‐ You pay late, you owe a little more. It's called interest. And if you don't make it right, I can't promise you that Patxi will be on his best behavior. ‐ Maybe you could talk to him for me. Larry. ‐ You should finish... polishing that silverware. ♪ ♪ ‐ Better hurry if you want to get to school on time, Shurrie. ‐ I know. - Like that? - Yeah, good. That's very good. Really, Jerome? Want some hot chocolate? I got extra whipped cream. Randy is supposed to be in school. His science project is due. "Science project"? Looks more like a fruit salad to me. ‐ Oh, you ain't changed a bit, little lady. Always about them books and so serious. You need to enjoy being a kid. ‐ I'm not a kid. ‐ Well, maybe that's your problem. Always so busy acting grown when you ain't. You gonna look up one day and be an old lady sitting in a rocking chair, petting a cat, wondering what the hell happened. ‐ She's allergic to cats, Daddy. I'm the one that makes sure his homework is done. I'm the one that gets him to school on time every day. Where have you been? Listen... I just want to spend some time with my little boy. And on the real? He can learn more from his father about life than in some overcrowded classroom. ‐ Oh, Daddy showed me how to make a card disappear. Wanna see? ‐ You gotta watch this. Go ahead, man, go ahead. Hey, yo, I'm 'bout to MacGyver this shit, son! ♪ ♪ Man, this shit shouldn't be this fucking hard, yo. ‐ It's not that hard for Shurrie. She fixed it in two minutes. ‐ Hey, yo, that ain't helpful, D. You asked me to hold those tape for you. I hold them, but not forever. ‐ I understand what you're saying, I do. All I'm asking for is one more week. Money is tight right now. Just one more week and I got you. ‐ Can't make no promises. ♪ ♪ ‐ Hey, what's up with that? ‐ Them white boys want ganja bad enough, they come to this side of town. ♪ ♪ ‐ ‐ Man, why you ignoring your shit? ‐ Hey, yo, what up? "Easy money"? Shit, I'm down for anything easy right now, nigga. Hey, yo, I don't know about this shit, son. That's like the whitest fucking burger joint in the whole borough. This shit called "White's." They all probably, like, cops' kids and shit. ‐ Yeah, exactly. So the cops won't be sweating us, nigga. Yo, this is our only option. We can sell to them Wall Street motherfuckers, or we could sell to these burger‐eating bums. ‐ ‐ A'ight? ♪ ♪ ‐ Hey, what caused that face? ‐ Shut up. Why you even here? ‐ Yo, can't a brother visit his favorite sister? ‐ Whatever. Nah, for real, what's wrong with you? ‐ Damn Jerome. Coming in here like we supposed to bow down to him and shit. He made Randy skip school today and his big science project was due. ‐ Look, when you get out of jail, you feel like the entire world has moved on without you, and all you trying to do is catch up with it. And I know how Jerome can be, but honestly, yo, if I was Randy and I had a day to hang out with my pops who I never see instead of going to school, I'm gon' take that any day. Even if pops wasn't a saint. I mean, at least Jerome showed up. More than you can say for our dad. ‐ Yeah, yeah. ‐ You holding it down, little mama. Hello? What up, Rico? It's Vine. Mm‐hmm. I got that stuff for you. Yeah, all right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, uh‐huh. I got you. I'll come by tomorrow morning. ‐ Yo, you was right, son. This shit is easier than the park. ‐ Hey, you ever had that before? ‐ Nah, nigga. This the only cream I like. ‐ Shit. So, uh... you like hip‐hop? ‐ Like Beastie Boys and shit? ‐ Yeah, sort of. Sort of. Anybody ever tell you you look like Debbie Harry? - ‐ You know Blondie? - Oh, yeah, baby. Blondie, the Ramones. Shit, I even be at CBGB's sometimes, you feel me? ‐ Hey, yo, what the fuck are y'all talking about? ‐ Hey. Didn't you see the sign? It says "White's." Aren't you a little dark to be sitting here? ‐ Oh, hell, nah. You darkies hard of hearing? Nah, I heard what the fuck you said. ♪ One way or another ♪ ♪ I'm gonna win ya ♪ ♪ I'm gonna get ya, get ya, get ya, get ya ♪ ♪ One way or another, I'm gonna see ya ♪ ♪ I'm gonna meet ya, meet ya, meet ya, meet ya ♪ ♪ One day, maybe next week ♪ ♪ I'm gonna meet ya ♪ ♪ I'm gonna meet ya, I'll meet ya ♪ ♪ I will drive past your house ♪ ♪ And if the lights ♪ ♪ Are all down ♪ Yo! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ Looks like you missed one. ♪ ♪ You know, they say spilled salt is bad luck. ♪ ♪ Looks like you got some cleaning up to do. ♪ ♪ If I don't have the rest of my money by tomorrow, you're gonna have some very bad luck. You understand? ♪ ♪ ‐ Yeah, I'm kinda dizzy, nigga, but I don't need no fucking stitches. Man, you don't need no stitches. You need a fucking sewing machine or a zipper or some shit. ‐ Goddamn, son. ‐ Shit's bad? ‐ Yeah, that shit don't look good. Hey, yo, I need you to take this money to my moms, all right? ‐ Hey, yo, you gonna be good in there? ‐ Yeah. A'ight, later. ‐ Hey, yo. I loved you in the Thriller video, though. ‐ Ah, fuck you. - ‐ Hey, Miss Diggs. - Hey, Dennis. Where's Bobby? I been paging him all night. He hasn't called me back. Um, yeah, I was just with him at the hospital. He okay. Nah, he‐‐he good. He just, um‐‐he just slipped on some ice. Yeah, I had to take him to the ER and get stitched up. He wanted me to give you this, though. ‐ Is this it? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Well, there's, um, some dinner in the fridge if you're hungry. ‐ No, I'm okay, thank you. - Hey, you‐‐you good? - Yeah. Just have to run a errand real quick. ‐ ‐ Hey. ‐ Hey, I was just leaving. What's up with you? ‐ Nothing. ‐ Where have you been? You haven't answered any of my pages. What did I do? - ‐ You don't get it. - Get what? Is there another girl or something? ♪ ♪ ‐ Ain't shit gon' change, Rie. My brothers is always gon' be my brothers. They always gon' be asking me for shit. And my moms, she‐‐ she sure as hell ain't gon' stop drinking, no matter how bad it gets. And all that falling on me, I‐I don't want that for you. ‐ That's not for you to decide. ‐ A'ight, well, what the hell your family gon' think? ‐ My family? My brother is friends with you. My mama always offers to feed you. I'm tired of everybody thinking that they know what's best for me. I'm not some little girl. I'm almost a grown woman, and I know what I want. ♪ ♪ Um... Why that look? ‐ I forgot I got my sleep wrap on and I probably look crazy. The only thing that's crazy is how much I'm feeling you right now. ♪ ♪ ‐ 2‐1‐0. Straight. ‐ Here you go. Winning numbers announced tomorrow. ‐ Is your mom still mad at me for taking you out of school and all that? She ain't called me back yet. ‐ I don't know. ‐ Maybe she just got a boyfriend or something. Does your mom have a boyfriend? ‐ Ew, no. ‐ Ain't nothing wrong with being somebody's boyfriend. You gon' be some girl's boyfriend someday. ‐ When I'm a running back, right? ‐ Something like that. So no dudes coming by the house? ‐ Larry came by the house once. ‐ Fat Larry? ‐ And his friends. What do you mean, "and his friends"? Like I hang out with DeShon and Christian. Fat Larry has two best friends too. ‐ They talk about anything I should know about? ‐ I don't know, Mama sent me to my room. When Larry left, she looked sad, so I don't think her and Larry are friends anymore. ♪ ♪ ‐ All right. ♪ ♪ ‐ SHOTGUN: Man, hurry up. Why you trying to resuscitate this shit like it's a crash victim or something? 'Cause your shit's dusty. This shit would never fly in the military. I'd be over in Desert Storm right now if I could. ‐ Fuck that. That's what I'm saying. Why would you go to a foreign place just to risk getting shot at for nothing? ‐ It is for something, fool. See, when you're a soldier, you a part of something bigger than yourself. You know, when I was stationed in Germany, when the wall came down, all those folks over there‐‐ east side, west side‐‐ they all just wanted to be together. They didn't want that damn wall. It's always the motherfuckers in power that wanna keep shit apart. That wanna control shit. ‐ But, son, ain't no black people in Germany. ‐ They love us there. I'd walk into a pub and the white folks over there would buy me pints of beer and shit. ‐ ‐ I'm going back one day. Shit, maybe I'll stay. ‐ Sound like you had a few pints to the head already. Talking about going to live with these white folks and shit. Son, that's like a lion saying he gon' leave his own land and putting hisself in a cage at a zoo. ‐ And I'ma still be king of the jungle. ‐ Whatever. - ‐ Pick up your sticks. - ‐ Know you not fucking with me in this, right? ‐ Yeah, we'll see about that. Man, y'all niggas both ain't shit. Whatever, nigga. ♪ ♪ What it is, what it is. Gentlemen, I'll see you. Hey, Miss Diggs. Good to see you, Steven. How's your mother? ‐ Oh, she's still got the arthritis, but she's handling it. ‐ Well, give her my best. Yes, ma'am. ♪ ♪ ‐ Afternoon, sweetheart. Have a fine day. ♪ ♪ Takes a lot of money, so I'm glad this is all cleared up. Sure you are. Jerome? Did you pay them? ‐ Told you I wasn't messing around. Larry, we good? Thank you, Jerome. I, uh‐‐I really don't know what to say. ‐ It ain't about thanking me. Listen, I know in the past, I've made promises to you. But if you can just trust me one more time, I promise you, you'll have everything you ever wanted. That company called me today. They gon' buy my land. ‐ Mm. ‐ They really gon' buy it. ‐ Okay. What are you doing? ‐ I'm not gonna move another inch until I hear you say... you trust me. ‐ Okay, you've been spending too much time with Randy. Come on, now. Okay, okay, I trust you. ‐ That's what I'm saying! ‐ ‐ I'll see you later. ‐ Yeah? - ‐ Yo, where Rico at? - Who you? ‐ I got something for him. I talked to him last night. Yo, he got picked up by his PO this morning. You ain't gon' be seeing him for a hot minute. ♪ That bitch is pocket change ♪ ♪ My bitch is stock exchange ♪ ♪ Stack her notes high as Whitney ♪ ♪ That's how she got the range ♪ ♪ She don't play a lot of games ♪ ♪ Dropping names, jocking fame ♪ ♪ You need a boss bitch ♪ They could be in position to prevent tankers from hauling Iraqi... ‐ ♪ Frostbit, my bitch is legendary ♪ ♪ And for my birthday last February, she got me ♪ Transported by pipeline through Saudi Arabia. Pentagon sources say a number of Navy SEALs and other special operation forces are already involved. We do know that there is considerably increased air activity in Saudi Arabia. Pentagon‐‐ ‐ ♪ Let her swallow all my future kids ♪ ‐ Move away from my window with all this mess! Don't nobody wanna hear all that kind of talk. What? ‐ You ought to be ashamed of yourselves. ‐ Miss B, mind your business before you get told some shit. Some real shit. "Miss B" stands for "biatch"! You need to get down with this shit before your old ass get left behind. Yo, you need to get with this rap movement, bitch. ‐ You call this a movement? Have you ever had to fight for something bigger than yourselves? For your freedom? For your right to exist? Y'all out here battling over who got the block. The best shoes, the gold chains. But the reason you have the freedom to stand there and want those things is because people like me and my husband stood out in the cold just like this so you could have the equal education. The equal rights. The women who led this movement risked their lives not so you could stand next to my window and call them "bitches" and "hoes." A real man? A man like my husband, Curtis? He called a woman who stood by him his queen. His rock. ‐ Take this rock, bitch! Oh! You gon' hit her shit, my nigga! Oh! ‐ ‐ Yes, I need you to send the police. ‐ ♪ I'm here to ball like Vikings in Minnesota ♪ ♪ I'm selling coke and pills like Vicodin in a soda ♪ ♪ I give ya dome a slap ♪ ♪ I crack you with a bat till the bat cracks ♪ ♪ In fact, if I hit a homer, you in a coma ♪ ♪ I'm ripping rappers apart like a sheet of paper ♪ ♪ Gun singing just like Anita Baker ♪ ♪ I don't mean you're going to Montego Bay ♪ ♪ When I say I'll send you to meet Jamaica ♪ ♪ I mean ya maker, creator ♪ ♪ Peace ♪ ♪ See ya later ♪ Come on, get in on this, Sha! ‐ Nah, I'm good, son. ‐ Man, leave him be. He don't rap no more. ♪ Yo, check it, a rugged vent ♪ ♪ Durable like a Champion sweat ♪ ♪ Rapid firing a TEC to wet a nigga up ♪ ♪ With all the dangerous diseases ♪ ♪ Sniffling, stuffy, coughing, aching ♪ ♪ Stuffy head, fever, fucker ♪ ♪ I think it's 'bout time that you suffer ♪ ♪ Bobbing on my knob like an all‐day sucker ♪ Bitch. ‐ ♪ I'm going all out, kid ♪ ♪ No turn‐backs ♪ ♪ You could try to front, get smoked, and that's that ♪ ♪ Lyric assassin dressed in black rugged ♪ ♪ 16 shots to your mug from a slug ♪ ♪ Then I go to war in a concrete jungle ♪ ♪ Making bundles, niggas act funny and fumble ♪ ♪ But I relax, count my shells ♪ ♪ A lot of heads gotta fly ♪ ♪ Niggas stay strapped, armed to die ♪ ♪ Time for jet black tempo ♪ ♪ Yo, wham, what you got? ♪ ♪ Get him, hit him with the nine, troop ♪ ♪ No question ♪ ♪ When your section busts out in that direction ♪ ♪ Sniper ♪ ‐ ♪ ♪ ‐ Divine. Hey, I need to stash some shit, baby‐‐ ‐ No, you ain't keeping shit up in here. You getting cuffed again, Divine? Don't have time to explain‐‐ ‐ I don't have time to listen. ‐ Wait, come on. Shit. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ - You in a hurry? - No, sir. Places to go. Late for work. Turn around. Let me check your pockets. ♪ Killa Hill ♪ We ain't even doing nothing but rhyming. Shit. ‐ We got a noise complaint. - It's just music, man. - Fuck. Back up out of the circle so I can see everyone's hands. Oh, you scared about some niggas in a circle? What you think we doing, officers? Step out of the circle, now. ♪ And here come a new edition ♪ ♪ To your hip‐hop tapes, fresh in the flesh ♪ Yo. Yo, just back up and do what they say. ♪ From the depths of the Killa to the top ♪ ‐ It ain't gonna help nothing if y'all not cooperating. ♪ Here comes the poet Shotgun ♪ ‐ Come on, just do it. Y'all gon' make it harder for everybody else. Y'all ain't do nothing, so act like it and save face! - A'ight. - Watch your hands. Line up, line up. Turn that shit off. ‐ Hey, my man, I got this. ‐ No, you don't got this. This is all me. Line the fuck up! How many times we gotta tell you? Line up. ‐ Who you raising up on, nigga? ‐ Only nigga I see here is you. You don't run these streets, you hear me? Line the fuck up! ‐ What you flexing for, anyway? These dudes are rapping. There's no crimes going on, Officer. Fuck you, motherfucker! Bitch‐ass nigga! Hey, you. ‐ You ain't shit. You know that, right? ‐ You arresting me? Fuck you, you corny‐ass, wannabe‐bad Uncle Tom. You hiding in a uniform, but the only real soldier standing here is me. Yeah. ‐ Officer. Yo, y'all good. Yo! Yo! ‐ Yo, what the... Yo, get his bitch ass! Yeah! ♪ ♪ Haze! ♪ ♪ ‐ Throw his ass to the ground, Haze! ‐ Let him go, motherfucker! ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ‐ The fuck? - Yo, yo! - Shit, what the... What you gotta say now? ‐ Yo, he can't breathe! ‐ What you gotta say now? ‐ Yo, let him out! Somebody help him! ‐ What you gotta say now? I run these streets! Hey, let him go! What the fuck? ♪ ♪ ‐ What you gotta say now, huh? ‐ Say something! ‐ He's fucking dead‐‐ ‐ He's not‐‐he's not moving! Hey, get the fuck off him! ♪ Oh ♪ Yo, you fucking killed him, he's dead! Yo, he's not moving! Come on, get off me! Get the fuck off me! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Haze! Wake up, Haze! No! What y'all do that for? I'll kill you, fucking pigs! No! ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Get on the line! Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 