Lark Rise to Candleford: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lark Rise to Candleford 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lark Rise to Candleford (2008–2011): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Dorcas Lane arranges for Patty, a young woman from the workhouse, to work as a housekeeper for Old and Young Amos. She is an honest and hard worker who found herself in the workhouse through no fault of her own, but that doesn't stop the village gossips from having their say. Problems do arise when both Amoses decide that they want to marry her. When the residents of Lark Rise decide to celebrate the 200th anniversary of Sir Timothy Midwinter's family presiding over the area, his wife, Lady Adelaide, is not sure she wants to participate. His asking Dorcas to take her place changes her mind. Politics also enter into the celebration when Laura's father refuses to let his children sing a Tory marching song, putting him into conflict with the Reverend Ellison. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 When it was announced that there was to be a concert in Lark Rise in honour of Our Squire, the whole hamlet was buzzing with talk of what was to be sung and who was to sing it. But what should have been a simple celebration turned into a furious political quarrel. To celebrate the anniversary of Our Squire's family being our patrons for 200 years, we will sing. Even those of you with no voice and no ear. One, two, three. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 # 0 come ye Tories,# # all unite... # My father was a proud man who liked to call himself 'a Liberal of pronounced views'. And he did not take kindly to the idea that he, or anyone else, should know their place. Episode 3 Transcript: Evarin Transcript UK Synchro: Moochie Seriessub Amos, I have found you a maid with a wonderful testimonial from the workhouse. I just don't know how me and my son will take to having another woman about the place. Pa, it's obvious we need someone to cook and clean. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - That's why I asked Miss Lane. - You mustn't worry, Amos. Let yourself enjoy the prospect of being looked after. Fine shoes are my one weakness. - Good afternoon, ladies. - Good afternoon... We've brought you some bread, and some fresh eggs. That's a kindness, indeed. Thank you, Miss Ruby, Miss Pearl. We would like to think that dear departed Elizabeth appreciates that we see it as our neighbourly duty to care for Amos. I'm sure that Elizabeth would have liked to know that Amos was contented. Though I suspect she would be deeply distressed at the thought of some - housekeeper in her kitchen. - Ladies, please. Amos no doubt enjoys your attentions. However, it is not so much someone to fetch his eggs that he needs, as someone to cook them. Well, I do hope that this maid comes with the best of references. Patty has an unblemished record in the workhouse. Miss Lane, I must confess some surprise that you have decided a workhouse girl will do to run Amos's household. No doubt you will see it as your duty to monitor Patty's progress with your usual care and attention. Good day, ladies. # 0 come ye Tories, # all unite # # To bear the Primrose # # badge with might # # And work and hope # # and strive and fight # # And pray may God # # defend the right. # What are you doing singing that old wash? We're to learn it for the concert. Well, you've no need to learn it because my children won't be singing no Tory marching song. And Sir Timothy told me that, since old Chitty the gamekeeper is sick, - I'd be running things on the estate. - The whole estate? That's quite a responsibility for an underkeeper. I mean the grounds. A lad could do well by impressing such a respected nobleman. I don't suppose you'll be impressing Sir Timothy by sitting under a tree with the local postgirl. Perhaps he isn't the only one I want to impress. I wanted to ask you. Would you... Sorry to be interrupting your private parley, but could you direct me to Mr Wardup's residence? I'm going past his shop myself. I'll show you. - Have you walked far? - All the way from Bicester Workhouse. And I'd gladly have walked it on my chin for such a chance as this. You must be Mr Wardup's new housekeeper, are you? That's right. I'm Patty. Can you tell me, Miss, what kind of a master is he? Amos is a kind and gentle man. I always said my better day would come along, and now here it is. I'm Laura. Certainly a handsome young gamekeeper you've found yourself there, Laura. Oh, no. We were just passing the time of day. Well, you can pass the time of many more days with him and your secret's safe with Patty. It seems very nice here, Laura. - Lots of shops. - Yes, there are. Thank you, Laura. I'm pleased to have you as my first friend in Candleford. Good day to you. Alf! Oh, Alf, you won't be able to play in the concert. I reckon I can whistle good enough to clear the hall. But I love to hear you play your melodeon more than just about anything in the world. Then I'll have to get the money to get it back. There's no work in the field today, but who's to say there won't be some tomorrow? Come on. Pa, what's a Tory? Father, the children don't even know the meaning of the words. What harm can it do to sing it? Reverend knows well what it means. That's why he teaches it to them. Shall I fetch your expounding plank for you to stand on, Robert? I shall be singing The Tragical Ballad of Lily Lyle, sure to bring a tear to any eye that hears it. # 'Twas a still, calm night # # And the moon's pale light # # Shone over hill and dale. # Reverend Ellison says we must order ourselves to act lowly and reverently before my betters. Did he now? 'Cos it's in the scriptures that it's a sin to try to change your lot. I need to practise my trick where I make my hat vanish but I can't find the hemmed thing! I've made up a list of your duties, Patty. No need for that, sir. My duties are all the woman's work of the house. And if you're anything less than satisfied, I'll know it before you do. There's no need for you to be "Sirring" me, Patty. People call me Old Amos. And my son here is known as Young Amos. I couldn't call a fine figure of man like you, "Old", sir. With your permission, I shall call you Mr Amos. And I'll call you Master Amos. It might be more fitting if we decide how you're to address us. Then you'll find me obliging, Young Amos, sir. As Mr Jarvis used to say, 'The poetry of friendship is not words, but meanings.' Timmins, what's this about you refusing to let your children sing the Primrose League Song? Everyone knows my Liberal views, Reverend. I can't allow it. That damned Liberal cause! Father, please, your heart. Tell him... Tell him. Wisdom... infinite wisdom. Tell him. Mr. Timmins. God, in his infinite wisdom has appointed a place for every man, woman and child on His Earth. Bounden duty...! Tell him. And it is our bounden duty to remain contentedly in his lot. I beg your pardon, Miss Ellison, but that's my belief that a poor person's soul is as good and their mind as capable as any rich man's. If you refuse to back down, Timmins, - then your children will not... - Father, please. If you punish the young'uns for their father's beliefs, you only convince me I am right to teach them to think for themselves. If they don't sing the song, they shan't come to the concert. And I have news for you, sir. If you insist on using the scriptures to teach my children to bow at the knee, I shall not permit them to come. Miss, miss. I heard it with my own ears. The Timmins children, barred from the concert. Barred? Oh, what has my father done now? I would have liked to have seen Reverend Ellison's face. He's bright crimson at the best of times. I can't share your amusement, Miss Lane. Not when I've had to stand before such flagrant blaspheme. I wonder how poor, gracious Lady Adelaide will take such a snub to our beloved squire? I suppose we'll find out, when young Missie takes his pouch up to The Manor. The children are performing a dumb show. King Arthur, I believe. Their mothers are busy making the costumes. Adelaide, I promise you, you have nothing to fear. There'll be songs and dancing, just what you love. Entertainment. I'm not sure I'd call all that warbling and those peculiar instruments entertainment. But they're doing it for us. We're expected to sit in a cold, damp school hall for them? It all seems rather unnecessary to me. That's the beauty of it, they do it for me and I do it for them. Adelaide, if I was to say I wanted you there beside me... I'm sure you'll enjoy it all so much more without me fidgeting by your side. When Sunday comes around, I'm going to have a dreadful chill, which will mean I must spend the day in bed. There. This pastry's so light, a little puff of wind could blow it away. Your kind compliments know how to lift a woman's heart, Mr Amos, sir. I don't think I've ever tasted a gravy so rich you could pour it into a glass and call it a wine! The sun comes through that window so warmly, I thought I might move the table over there - to enjoy our meals in the light. - That's a lovely idea, Patty. This is our house, so we'll decide where the furniture's to stand. You mind your tongue, Amos. Patty's only trying to be conducive. The most conducive thing would be to know her place. I know my place, sir, and I'm grateful for it. It's only my gratitude I wish to show. But there will be time for that. The parson's an old man suffering from his years. We're all suffering from his years. Oh, come on, Emmie. - Let's wipe away those tears. - I'm tired always being different! I'm only standing by what I believe. You might call it principle, but what I see before me is stubborn pride! And who pays for it? Your family. You shall tell the children yourself there'll be no concert for them. See how well your pride fills your belly then. Look at you with your chin on the table. Old Monday ain't got no work on the farm, so how am I supposed to get my melodeon back? There's folks say how pleasing it would be for me to play at the concert. Folks? That would be little Laura, would it? Well, you shall have it back. Something always turns up. You'll play better than you've ever played, you'll cast a spell over little Laura that no gal could ever resist. - Morning. - Good morning, sir. What a fine day it is to be alive. How is it with your soul? Have you found salvation? I surely have. I've found the master I hope to serve for many another fine day. Then welcome to Candleford. We shall share the great priceless treasure that is His Divine Love. I see Amos Wardup has his new housekeeper started. Now there's a thing. Yes, there is a thing, Zillah. - Quite a fortunate thing, I hope. - That's what I meant, ma'am. Her name's Patty. I met her on the lane. And what did you make of her, Laura? I was taken with how prettily she was dressed. And how nicely spoken she was. If she's so hoity-toity, what's she been doing in a workhouse? There are many good people in the hamlet find themselves in the workhouse simply because they're old or infirm or with no home or no family to take care of them. But she's younger and fitter than me by far, in't she? I can vouch for her Christian soul, having passed the time of day with her. In which case, Thomas, I am reassured that I have done the correct thing in fixing Amos up with his God-fearing housekeeper. I don't know about making no costumes. That takes all I've got just to clothe my little'uns. Every day I get close to having another one that I've got to find dresses for. Times I think they'll have the dress off my back and I'll just black up my unmentionables for modesty. Good day, ladies. I have selected a few pieces I thought might be appropriate. No, no, no. Yeah. I shall be singing The Tragical Ballad of Lily Lyle, sure to bring a tear to any eye that hears it. I reckon our needles and thread might be best used stitching a few mouths closed until after the concert's over. Emma, perhaps you could speak with Robert, see if there is some accommodation to be made. Yes, of course. I'm all for accommodation if it means the children get to perform. Perhaps you could encourage your father to be a little more accommodating, Miss Ellison. Accepting reason does not come easily to my father. Accepting advice from his daughter comes even harder. Now I remember why I thought it was such a good idea that my Walter went away to sea. Morning, all. You'll see I'm wearing my Tory rosette, sir. And proud to be, especially as the squire comes into the Post Office. We understand that you have a rebellion on your patch, Timothy. Ah, yes, Reverend Ellison. I'm not surprised there's an unfortunate skirmish. I'm afraid the Reverend speaks down from his pedestal to all of us. If l may be so bold, sir, he is divinely appointed. And if I may be so bold, even you can't claim that much, Timothy. And what do you make of all this, Laura? You can speak your mind. I only wish my father wasn't so quick with his tongue. It's only a song. Only a song? I suppose I asked for that. I find that the best way to unravel the Reverend is to do it in such a way that he has no idea he has been unravelled. Miss Lane was always one for turning you inside out before you know it's happened, Laura, even as a girl. I remember the first time I met her, I caught her picking cowslips in Goldstone Spinney, and I left feeling that I was the one trespassing. Timothy, how you rake things up! It was a footpath your father ought never to have closed. Gravy, Miss Lane. And a man could not dream of a better tasting pastry. Patty is polite and cheery with every task and chore. I don't know howl can thank you both, Sir Timothy, Miss Lane. You just have, Amos. Is that a clay pipe you have there, Patty? That's a woman's duty to use whatever means she can find to pretty herself up. Would you like to try? Your young gamekeeper might like you even more with a few curls. He's not my young gamekeeper. Perhaps it's that other well-built young feller you were talking to outside the pawn shop. You could have your pick of them if you were to follow Patty's advice. I best be getting on with my delivery. A Mrs Pratt to see Mr Wardup. Do come in, ladies. If I'd known Mr Amos was expecting lady visitors, I'd have laid out his best pressed shirt for him. Will you be staying for some tea? I have the water boiling. Do you like sponge cake? It's one of my specialities. I cracked half a dozen fresh eggs this morning and beat them for more than half an hour. If I might be so bold as to say, this is just what Mr Amos needs, is the company of two fine ladies. If you'll excuse me, m'ladies, I'll away and tell Mr Amos he has guests. Well, she knows how to address her betters. Thomas Brown said she was a devout Christian. I have asked, but she feels like a Lark Rise jamboree is not quite to her taste. Well, you must have presented it to her in an unfortunate fashion. It's probably for the best. Adelaide would only sit there in front of every jig and polka practising the art of the extended sigh. Whereas I'll tap my toes appreciatively to any meagre offering. So I'll collect you at five. I'll be sure to keep the afternoon free to ready myself. - Patty seems to be settling in well. - Yes. She's making herself indispensable with her dreamy gravy and her cheerful gratitude. But that's perfect, isn't it? Perfect. And she's got the house turned upside down, polishing and cleaning and waxing everything that stands still. I'm glad to hear it. But what I'm saying is, she's being like a woman in the house. Yes, well, she is a woman. Amos, it may take some getting used to for you and your father, having a housekeeper. It's more than that. You know the way she speaks to my father, it's like she likes him. He's an extremely likeable fellow. No, what I mean is, it's like she's after him liking her... If you'll forgive me, Amos, I think that perhaps you're overreacting. Patty's a workhouse girl. Isn't it simply that she's glad to the heart - to find herself in such a good home? - What I'm saying is, how do we know who she is? Patty came with an untarnished record from the workhouse. I'm sure you'll agree that you ought to allow her the opportunity to prove herself. Wouldn't you agree with that, Zillah? If you've something to say about what I've done, you're as well to say it while I'm here as when I'm not. All we were saying is how we're all subjects of our Queen, God bless her, and if there in't proper order, then there's disorder. I'd be happy for my young'uns to bow at the knee before Her Majesty, should she be passing our little spot in the mud. The parson's another matter. That's for us to behave like beholden subjects, and be thankful we've got a squire with a feeling heart. Don't burden his pockets too tight neither. I like to keep in with the gentry. Never see no Liberals bringing us coals or blankets at Christmas. I dunno why you can't leave such things alone, Robert. You're bringing shame down on us all. That's because you're a true blue, Mr Paxton. You'd have every tramp in a ditch joining the Primrose League to raise funds for the Tories. That's all very humorous, Robert Timmins, but tell that to your children when all the other little'uns are setting out to the concert. Now, if you don't mind, I'd rather you kept your own company and let us peace-loving folk keep good relations with the church and the squire. Laura. You're awake too. Let's have some milk and biscuits, shall we? Ma'am, how long have Sir Timothy and Lady Adelaide been married? Four years and two months. Or something like that. - Why do you ask? - Why is it they have no children? Well, that is a question. I know that they want children. Of course they do. An heir to the Midwinter seat. But, well, sometimes these things prove difficult. What made you think of such a thing? Sometimes I think Lady Adelaide looks sad, even when she's laughing. Yes, I see. Why don't you finish the biscuits, Laura? You're home early. All day long I've had the children's disappointed faces in my mind. Suppose you were to speak with the parson, not to concede, but to remind him that our children go to church and that we all love our Queen good as any family do. Don't mention the song, just... tell him that we'll let the children attend his scripture lessons. Our Laura never missed a one and it hasn't done her any harm. No-one could ever say she doesn't think for herself. Emmie, that is exactly what I'd planned to do. I'm glad. Because Miss Ellison has agreed to call in on us with her father next time they're in Lark Rise. Which will be tomorrow. Morning. I've a parcel to send for Mr Wardup. You must be Patty. I'm Miss Lane. I've heard all about you, ma'am. Thank you for your part in finding me this position. Mr Amos is as gentle an employer as a woman could wish for. I'm sure you'll get along just fine. If l may ask, ma'am, I do wonder if the young master's taken against me. Oh, I wouldn't worry about Young Amos. He always has been a touch awkward around women. Having a maid in the house won't come easy to him. Well, I shall make the most of it. Like Mr Jarvis used to say, 'The golden ball rolls to everyone's feet once in a lifetime.' Would that be Bernard Jarvis of Bicester, the furniture dealer? Rest his soul. I take it you once worked for him? I did for a while, yes, ma'am. But he died and, well, that was that. Could you tell me the cost of sending a telegram to Bicester? Three and six pence. Did you want to send one today? Miss Lane. How do? I wonder if l might put upon your good nature. The children are so devoted to pleasing Our Squire with their little show, might you have some cast-offs, a dress or two, or a coat perhaps, that I could cut up to make their outfits? I'll see what I can do. # T'was a still calm night # # and the moon's pale light # # Shone over # # hill and dale # # Her cheeks that once glowed # # In the rose tint of health # # By the hand of disease # # had turned pale... # That's so sorrowful a tune as I ever heard sung, Queenie. That ain't out of no penny song book neither. That was sung to me at my mother's knee, and sung to her at her mother's knee. Ma, why are you making costumes when Pa says we in't going to the concert? Your father's going to speak to the parson, and then we'll see what's to be done. Come on, young Edmund. There's a fine knight. Oh, yes. Ah, here she comes. - Here we are, gentlemen. - Ma'am. Patty's own queen cakes. My mouth's watering from the smell of it. Just wait till you taste it! Why, I thought Zillah could cook better than most, but this, forgive me, Lord, this is divine! Only one thing wrong with this cake. It won't last long! How did a woman as can cook like an angel ever find herself in the workhouse? I'm not going to start worrying myself about that now. One thing's for certain, a woman who can bake like this won't go long before some Candleford feller snaps her up for a wife. Queen cake is best while it's still warm, sir. Why are you so determined to dislike me? You haven't been here five minutes and you're already - treating the house like your own. - I'm only doing my job, sir, and enjoying the bit of good fortune that's been dished up for me. I'm sick of all these sweet words and compliments. Well, then I'll tell you a few words not so soft and kind. Not everyone is the son of a well-to-do Candleford shoe-maker. And if you had an idea what it was like to live a different kind of life, then maybe you wouldn't be so suspicious and hard-hearted. I might be, if my eyes still didn't believe what they saw before them. Am I right in thinking you don't have a woman, sir? What business is that of yours? I could do you the favour of telling that no woman would ever want such a spoilt child as yourself. Perhaps you see yourself as more than a housekeeper, is that it? What do you mean by that? All your pies and cakes and smiles don't deceive me. You're taking my father for an old fool, just out for what you can get from him. Let me thank you for coming by, sir. And let me say that I respect how you have your beliefs as much as I have mine. The hamlet children have all benefited from your teaching, my own oldest daughter amongst them. So, sir, I am willing to remove my objection to my children attending your scripture lessons. I accept your apology, Timmins. And since Mr Timmins is making this accommodation, father. And since what we all want is for our children to perform their pageant of King Arthur for Our Squire. Timmins, answer me this - are you telling me that if you're right about how the world should work, Sir Timothy could cut a straight furrow or thatch a rick expertly? I hope he never has occasion to find that out, sir. Or could Twister Turrell sit on the bench of Magistrates? That depends upon whether you want a sound judgement or not, Reverend. So, each man to know his lot? And to show a fitting respect for his superiors by the singing of the song. I am happy for my young'uns to sing the praises of God, the Queen, Our Squire, but they will never sing the praises of the Tories. Then the concert shall go ahead without them. Come. You like them, Patty? I never seen such beautiful lace gloves before. Then you shall have them. Oh, no, sir. No, sir, you mustn't. Ruby. Miss Pearl. Why, Amos, I don't believe we've had the pleasure of seeing you in here since dear Elizabeth was with us. And what is it that brings you calling on us today, Amos? Well, Patty here has taken a fancy to a pair of fine lace gloves in your window and it's going to be my delight to purchase them for her. Forgive us, we had not envisaged that such exquisite gloves might end up on hands that scrub floors. Mr Amos, I only accept these gloves if you'll agree to me paying - for them each week out my allowance. - We shall see about that. Just enjoy the beauty of them on your pretty hands, Patty. If you ask me, ma'am, there's a gal who knows how to wrap more than a fine glove round her finger. I'm to be King Arthur's maid servant in the dumb show, Pa. Ma made my costume for me. Well, there's something to put in your eyes and look at. But I reckon you won't be needing it, my little chick. Ma said you were going to make it right with Reverend Ellison. We can't have everything we want in life. It wouldn't be good for us. I just want to be King Arthur! Why can't you let me? I never had shoes made specially for me before. These will feel like silk slippers on your feet. Can I ask you, Patty, how you came to be in the workhouse? I was no more than six and my parents were both lost to the typhoid. I had no relatives could take me in. But the cooking and the baking, where did you learn that? I went into service as a young woman. What is it, Patty? This isn't right, me and you like this. What could something so sweet be wrong? You don't want to go getting yourself tangled up with a workhouse girl. Go and find yourself some nice local wife. No, I've lived in this town all of my life and nobody makes me feel the way you do. No. It's wrong. - We must stop. - Patty, I'm sorry for what I said the other day about you taking Pa for an old fool. I know better than that now. I want you to be mine. Do you understand what I am saying? You've no idea how much I've longed for this feeling. Patty, may I might borrow your clay...? Laura! Laura! - I thought you were making costumes. - Well, I ain't. These dresses is too good for children's costumes. What I have here is going to help my boy play a tune can melt a young girl's heart. I know someone who'll pay good money for these. Young Alf, can I borrow your hat? My trick for Our Squire... - the one where I make my hat disappear - it ain't anywhere to be found. You might look glad to see me. How do you know when you know someone? Well, you just know them. - Like I met you, and now... - No. I mean if a person tells you something so beautiful... 'The poetry of friendship is not words but meaning', so you believe them to be a true soul. Laura, have I done anything? Then they're not who you think they are. I am who you think I am. Least I think I am. - Who do you think I am? - They use tricks to trap someone. 'A woman's duty to use whatever means she can.' I only came to ask you to the concert. Why do people have to be so complicated? So will you go to the concert with me? Perhaps I'll ask you another time. Should I have a little hope? I'll be back before this evening, Matthew. Dorcas. Unusual of you to ride out in the afternoon. I'm afraid I must take off on a matter of some importance. And since you're here, I'm sorry to tell you, but, as much as I'm sure I would enjoy the entertainment, I'm otherwise engaged on Sunday evening. Engaged in what? Engaged, Timothy, in living my life, much as you might find that impossible to believe. I'm sorry, but I'm simply not available to accompany you to the concert. Your Ladyship has such a shapely figure. You could wear a dish cloth and still look glamorous. Not that your Ladyship has ever worn anything remotely resembling a dish cloth. May I say, ma'am, what a fine example Sir Timothy is, subjecting himself to this vulgar performance. His dedication to his duty moves the heart. But of course it is entirely understandable that your Ladyship chooses not to attend. No, of course. Entirely understandable and indeed advisable. Miss Lane will no doubt present herself as Saint Dorcas of Candleford, accompanying Sir Timothy in your absence. Yes, of course. I do so appreciate Dorcas's dependability on domestic chores. So... No, I don't think so. It seems that Patty came into the workhouse because she left her last employment with no reference, so couldn't find a position. I thought it was simply that old Jarvis died. Yes, but his children refused to provide Patty with a testimonial and they won't say why. I went to see them and they were greatly reluctant and embarrassed to talk about it. But her record at the workhouse is exemplary, hardworking, popular, a model of honesty. Timothy, I saw Patty with Old Amos, and he bought her some gloves. It made me wonder if his son might be right about her. You think she might have beguiled Old Amos? And I was the one who pressed him into taking on a housekeeper from the workhouse. So if she is leading him on and l say nothing to him... Perhaps we should go and talk to him now. The trouble is, she may be just as she seems, a big-hearted woman with no harm in her, and I'd be sending her back to an intolerable life in the workhouse. Dorcas... please reconsider your decision. The concert... You can't persuade Adelaide to accompany you? Well, I can't say I've tried, really. I'd much prefer to have you there with me... Your company, I mean, the way you can talk to the villagers. I think you should stop now, before you tell me you're impressed with my polite applause. Dorcas, I have no right to ask you. But I am, for no other reason than I want you to be there with me. Selfish, yes. But I refuse to apologise for something that I know will give us both such joy. I know how much you love these local events, and if I thought you'd miss it because of my gift for causing offence... Timothy, you do make such a fuss. I have every intention of going to the concert, and I would be delighted to accompany you. I will expect your carriage at five. As for Patty, I will sleep on it for tonight. There's no hurry. I know Patty hasn't been with us long, but what a blessing she's turned out to be, Miss Lane. Since you're here, Amos, perhaps I should say, although Patty had an excellent record in the workhouse, we knew little of her life before that. Well, we needn't worry about her previous misfortunes, seeing as she's settled in so well. And that's all thanks to you for finding her. The things is, Amos, I couldn't help noticing that you'd bought her a fine pair of lace gloves. Dorcas, what would you consider a respectable time after Elizabeth's death for me to put up the banns? Why? Who are you thinking of marrying? Patty, of course. Elizabeth's been gone 18 months now. Do you think townsfolk would find me impatient if I put up the banns now? It is rather sudden, isn't it? You hardly know her at all. - As I was saying... - I've seen all I need to know. She's a real catch. I've fallen for her. I can see how a man might be captivated by a woman as engaging as she is, but I feel certain that it would be wise if you were to take some more time - to get to know more about her. - There's no time. It's a matter of the heart, you see. And does Patty feel the same way? Well, I get the impression that she cares for me. We haven't talked about love yet. What are you looking so discomposed about, gal? I have something I must tell Miss Lane, but I don't know if I should. Well, perhaps if you'd tell me what it was, I could advise you whether to advise Miss Lane. I saw something that shouldn't be. Well, could you describe exactly what it was, - and then I could... - Miss Lane ought to know. Miss Lane cannot be disturbed. She's in her private quarters talking to Old Amos. If you were just to give me the ins and outs... Old Amos? Oh, no. Amos, I implore you not to hurry into a marriage proposal when there are things that need to be discussed. You're right, Dorcas. If I find out how she feels, then I'll know how quickly I have to act. Amos, please... I must ask her if she keeps affections for me as I do for her. - Timothy... - Hm? I've decided I should come with you to the concert. Good. That's... No, that's wonderful. Um... You've suddenly developed a taste for warbling voices and dubious comic turns? You have enough troubles with this event and you don't need me adding to them. Adelaide, I'm grateful and glad for your change of heart, but I'm not entirely convinced. Come on, the truth. The truth is, I'm nervous and I'm afraid. I don't know how to speak to these people. I fear that I will sit there with a sour face and they will all resent me. My dear, you could no more be sour than a flower could be ugly. If you simply take your place and nod and smile, they will love you from one end of the county to the next. Well, I shall be holding on tight to you just in case. Patty, now that we seem to be getting on so well here, I see no reason why you and I shouldn't make the most of this opportunity. What do you say? If you're saying you'd like to keep me on, sir? I'm saying more than that, Patty. I'm saying we should get wed. You'll find me congenial. My Elizabeth enjoyed life's comforts. What do you say? I don't know what to say, sir. I thought you'd be grateful... I'm a man of some standing here. I am grateful, sir. But it's not so simple. What could be more simple? Any woman from the workhouse would grab at such a chance of a new life. I'm sure they would, sir. But not me. I'm afraid I shall have to decline your offer, sir. What do you mean, decline? Well, speak out, woman... what could possibly be the reason? I love another man, sir. No, you can't. It's not possible. Who is it? Some young fellow from the workhouse? It's me. It's me that Patty's talking about, Pa. I see it now. That's quick work. Under my own roof. Casting your spell with your womanly ways. Pa, I didn't know there could be such happiness as I've found with Patty. Well, I shan't have it! You hear me?! In my own house! I shan't have it! I feel as though I've betrayed Patty's trust in telling you... But you hardly know her. You have no special bond of mutual trust. She's been so kind to me. She's on her own here. Well, I'm glad that you confide in me with your worries and secrets, Laura. It's a merry kettle of heartache over the road. But I shall do nothing. I shall wait. I have interfered in the lives of our neighbours enough already. Let that be a lesson to you, Dorcas Lane! I do not know what's best for everyone's lives here in Candleford. It is my intention from this day forward to improve and regulate no-one but myself. Miss Lane. Timothy. I need to speak with you concerning our arrangements for Sunday evening. Of course. But first we have some visitors who would like to speak with you about Sunday evening. All they're all fine dresses, good as new... - The trouble is, my father... - And my husband are, well... Intractable. And since the concert is in your honour. - And in my name. - We thought you might see a way - out of this... - Impasse - Deadlock. - Hell. It does seem to throw a shadow over what ought to be a celebration for all of us. I can't undermine Reverend Ellison. He's only doing his best to please me. I can't humiliate Mr Timmins, who is, after all, only exercising his right to hold his own views. And the children simply want to join in the festivities. But there will be a way to overcome this stalemate, and I will find it. Leave it with me, ladies. Thank you, Sir Timothy. You wanted to speak with me, Timothy. Adelaide feels that she would be letting me down if she wasn't there with me at the festivities. Then you are a very lucky man. Thank you for being so understanding, Dorcas. Yes, fortunate indeed to have two ladies by your side on Sunday evening. As for the song, I shall do what I always do. Mime it. The sentiments are tedious enough, but who would want such a flavourless tune coming out of their lungs? Didn't I tell you we'd get it back? Doesn't your Ma always come up with some way of getting us out of a fix? Ma'am, - Ma'am. Young Amos to see you. - She's gone. Patty's taken her things and left. I've searched the whole town, but she's gone. Thank you, Zillah. Perhaps it's just as well that things have turned out this way, Amos. No. I have to find her. When you spoke to me, you were full of mistrust for Patty. I wasn't being honest with you, Miss Lane. I've had these feelings since the first time I looked at her. But there's more to Patty than we first realised. No. I won't hear it. You only have to look in her eyes to know she's true-hearted. I must admit, I saw the same thing the first time I set eyes on her. Where will she go? That's all I want to know. The Squire's carriage has arrived. Dorcas, I'm so pleased that you are able to join Timothy and I this evening. Thank you, Lady Adelaide. May I say, it will mean so much to everyone at Lark Rise to have you there. I do hope so. It's Patty! We have to stop! I need to talk to Patty! I'm sorry, your Ladyship. Patty, I'm so sorry. You took me for a friend, but I betrayed your secret. That's all right now, little Laura. You only told the truth. Patty, where are you going? Back to the workhouse where I belong, Ma'am. I'll say good day and thank you all for your welcome. Let us at least give you a ride, Patty. I couldn't do that, sir. Ride in the Squire's carriage... You can't possibly walk to Bicester tonight. Let us take you into Lark Rise, you can find some shelter there till morning. I have endured enough disobedience on my patch for one week. You will ride in the carriage, and rest in Lark Rise for the night. I shall be singing The Tragical Ballad of Lily Lyle, sure to bring a tear to any eye that hears it. Miss Lane had planted the idea into my head of how to unravel the Reverend without him even knowing he is being unravelled. And I was bursting to tell my family how they might go to the concert after all. Patty, why are you intent on going back to the workhouse? I'd rather go back there than put Young Amos in such a terrible dispute with his father. And Mr Jarvis? Tell me what happened, Patty. Why did his family refuse to give you a reference? The truth of it is, Miss Lane, I loved Mr Jarvis, though he was a good 30 years older than I was. And... I believe that he loved me. Then why didn't you marry? Mr Jarvis was a widower, with three children of my own age and beyond. And they... It's not what they would've wanted. But they learned about your romance. When Mr Jarvis died, they gave me no references to my name. So... it was back to the workhouse for me. I know a thousand good reasons why I shouldn't love Young Amos, but my heart won't listen to them. Sir Timothy, I may need the use of your carriage, if that would be all right. What this situation needs, Patty, is some light entertainment. Ma! Oh, my! Look at you. I would barely have recognised my own daughter. Ma, I'm not going to the concert unless you're going to be there. That's a question you'd be better off putting to your Pa. I say it's going to be the loveliest entertainment of the year and we should all be there. That's not possible. - There's nothing to be done. - Yes, there is. They could just mime the song. Then they wouldn't be singing it, - who's to know? - Can we, Pa? Can we? I suppose there's more ways a killing a dog than hanging it. Or choking it with best butter. Come on, let's hurry up and get ready... # O come ye Tories, # # all unite # # To wear the Primrose # # badge with might # # And work and hope # # and strive and fight # # And pray may God # # defend the right. # # O come ye Tories, # # all unite # # To wear the Primrose # # badge with might # # And work and hope # # and strive and fight # # And pray may God # # defend the right. # I'm glad you were able to see where your duty lies, Timmins. And so am I, Reverend Ellison, so am I. Amos, what was it that you wanted from a marriage to Patty? Please. I hear from Thomas that she's a fine cook. Yeah. There's that. And a well-kept house. Clean clothes. And if she had consented to marry you, would you have been ready for the things that Patty might want from a marriage? A full marriage. I'm past such romantical notions. Suppose Patty had wanted children. I never thought of that. It'll be a pity if she does go back to the workhouse when you could have all those things... the broths and puddings and pies, clean-pressed shirts, a woman to look after you... without the responsibilities of being a married man. Look at how happy Young Amos is. But what about her and Mr Jarvis, and all that? I believe that was genuine, Amos. After all, if all that Patty wanted was to get an old fool to marry her, I think she would have accepted your offer, don't you? Oh, come on, Amos... Don't let your pride make you twice the fool. # Twas a still, calm night # # And the moon's pale light # # Shone over # # hill and dale # # Her cheeks that once glowed with the... # # ... rose tint of health # # By the hand of disease had turned # # pale # # 0h Lily, # # sweet Lily # # Dear Lily Lyle # # Nor the wild rose blossoms # # or a little green grape # 'Neath the trees in the flowery vale # 0h Lily, sweet Lily # Dear Lily Lyle... # In ten years many of these songs would be forgotten... ... lost in the changing scenes of my lifetime... It wasn't only politics that made it difficult for some people to accept their lot. Sometimes, it was love. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 