Lark Rise to Candleford: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lark Rise to Candleford 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lark Rise to Candleford (2008–2011): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 When a new baby is born into the family, eldest daughter Laura Timmins is told by her parents that she will have to make her own way in the world. Arrangements have been made for her to move to the nearby village of Candleford where she will be apprenticed to her cousin Dorcas Lane. Dorcas is the postmistress and a very successful businesswoman. Laura is quite sad at the prospect of leaving Lark Rise and her family, but her cousin is very kind and sets about teaching her the business. Trouble is brewing between Lark Rise and Candleford, however, when residents of the former complain of the high cost of telegram delivery. It gets worse when one of the residents can't afford to pay and misses the news that her brother is deathly ill. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There were always skylarks, their songs hanging over the fields of dark gold. As a child, it felt as though this quiet old country life had always been so, and would always be so. My father used to say that nobody ever came to Lark Rise, and nobody ever left. But he was wrong on both counts. Come on. Not long, not long. Take a little breath. Take a little breath. So close. There we are boys and girls. The girl I was, couldn't see how quickly the world was moving away from those slow summer days. This is Annie. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Annie, this is Ethel... and Frank... and Edmund... and Laura. We'll have to get out of this left behind place. There's no room here for so many of us, not when another one come. I could only half sense that my own life was about to be forever changed. Episode 1 Transcript: Evarin Transcript UK Sync: Moochie www.seriessub.com Do you ever wonder why we were born on this spot here, Alf? Well, because we were. But we might have been born somewhere else, and we wouldn't have had all of this. - It's too soon. - Robert Timmins, you agreed to this. - A man can change his mind, can't he? - Your mind? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's your heart I can hear talking. The truth of it is, Robert, she's our daughter but she doesn't belong here at Lark Rise. You've heard her speak, the way she thinks, the way she sees the world, she's not like the other hamlet children. I know you'll miss your girl, but it's still the right thing to do. Bees, bees, I'm back again. Don't you ever get tired of sitting there, Queenie? Never! Tending bees isn't work, that's a treat. You keep your brother close, young Laura. Brothers can get lost if you don't keep a careful eye on them. Be warned. Ethel, come back. Stop that now! Ethel! Frank! Stop that fighting! Laura! Can you not tend to the baby? Must I see to everything myself? How can you have your head stuck in a book when there's so much to do? If you're no help to me, it's as well l have found a place for you. A place? I was intending to tell you when the moment was right, Laura. Cousin Dorcas has kindly agreed to take you on in the Post Office... in Candleford. Ma...? I have never even been inside of a Post Office. - It's decided, Laura. - But I'll help you. - I'll look after the baby, I promise. - It's good work. You'll learn from Dorcas, she's made something of her life, a woman running a Post Office on her own. And a forge. Imagine it! Ma... please don't make me leave Lark Rise. Come here. When I was about your age, Laura, some relatives came to visit us from Australia. And they persuaded me to go back with them. I was so excited. It was going to be a whole new life. It was all arranged, till the night before I was due to go They began to talk about snakes that infested their garden. So, I said, "I shan't go." And I wouldn't. But the truth of it is, Laura, it was more than snakes I was afraid of. And I still find myself wondering, "What if?" Do you see, my flower? I've put a potato cake in a bag for you. A little bit of sugar can always be spared. No child of mine shall go out into this world without a good outfit. For your writing, Laura. Thank you, Edmund. Walk on. You go and get rich, little Laura! Wrap up every penny stamp in your best Lark Rise smile! And don't take any nonsense from that hoity-toity lot over there. And don't ever forget where you come from. To my eyes, a hamlet girl's eyes, it all seemed so new and so different to the life I'd known. Walk on. Did I sense then that this was what I wanted? Perhaps I did. Thomas, I believe we have a parcel - for Mr Norcutt? - Yes, ma'am. I'm sorry, Mrs Glover, we have nothing for you today. Mrs Macey will cash your postal order, Mr Pew. Dorcas? You remember our Laura? - I picked these for you, ma'am. - Thank you, Laura. You've arrived at just the right time, we've had the most terrible rush. But it's all over now, so we can have a little something to eat. I can't say we lay on such a spread every day. It's a feast. We thought it would be a warm welcome for Laura. Didn't we, Zillah? Are you a Christian, Missie? Even if that were any of your business, Thomas Brown, we should not discuss such lofty matters at my table. Laura, meet Matthew, who runs the forge for me. Perhaps tomorrow morning Mrs Macey and Thomas Brown here, can show you how we sort the mail when it arrives from the head office? Food is my one weakness! Walk on. So, Laura... shall we begin? Form AB55 - The Savings Bank Form. K21 - The Postal Order Abstract. XY15 - The Cash Account Sheet. Don't worry, you'll soon get used to them. And the stamps here, the one penny and the half penny. Postal orders we'll come to later. Thomas, telegram for Mrs Arless over in Lark Rise. Did you hear me, Thomas? Telegram for Mrs Arless over in Lark Rise. So it began. One little telegram bearing a few words of good news was about to set hamlet against town, rich against poor, Lark Rise against Candleford. Wouldn't it be splendid to have your very own nine-gallon cask of good ale in your pantry? Turn on the tap and fetch a glass for your husband. Or better still, he can fetch one for me. And you'll have plenty of time to pay for it. Just put your instalment by each week for me to come and collect. Now, who's gonna to be the very first in Lark Rise to own their own cask of best foaming beer? What are you upto? Ma! Ma! Wake up. The little 'uns are after their dinner. Argh, I'm burning! - Who sleeps here? - You do. - Who else? - No-one else. 'Tis your room. My own room? This is a home, not a farmyard. You're in Candleford now, gal. Go on! Over to Emma?s. Put your best hungry faces on. Just stand by the door. Don?t say I sent you. I know what you're thinking, I shouldn't have spent your wages on the beer. I was feeling in need of cheering up. That's all. I miss your pa more than you realise. I've learnt my lesson. See it in my face if l haven't. Ain't you the beautiful one? Don't you fret... little Laura won't forget you. We might fret about feeding the little 'uns before anything else. You got any more work in the field tomorrow? Some more ditches to be dug out, another week or more. Good lad. Dorcas? Timothy... Oh, how sweet of you. - Are they from the manor gardens? - Ah! this is, er, this is rather difficult you see. I, I've promised these to Zillah. She dropped the most enormous hint the other day. Yes, there's no missing Zillah's intimations. I saw Thomas setting off just now with a scowl from ear to ear. He has a telegram to deliver to Lark Rise. You know how he loves to suffer. I take it from your dress that you are not riding out with me today? A new girl has arrived, Laura, Emma Timmin's eldest child. She's very spirited and rather lovely with it. I'd like to see her properly settled in. I've left her to get acquainted with Zillah's brand of welcome. Well, tomorrow then? Yes, I'd love to. Telegram for Mrs Arless. Telegram? Who from? Three and six for the hire of man and horse carriage. Well, I can see the horse carriage, but I can't see no man. - I see you've not found Christ yet? - No, and I've not found three and six neither. In which case, in accordance with Post Office Regulations, - I cannot deliver this telegram. - Oh, don't be so heartless, man. It might be from my daughter, who's pregnant. When the young 'uns begin, it's about time the old 'uns stopped. Well, it's a bit late for that now, isn't it, Thomas? Or that might be about my Walter... - that might be news of his ship. - That might indeed. And if you hadn't wittered away the earnings he sent you on vices such as ALE, you might have the means to find out. You stay here a while. I'll get your money for you. Ma, what are you doing? Well, we have to know what's in that telegram, don't we? That's well enough me lending it you, how you going to find it to pay me back? Please, Mr Paxton. They wouldn't be sending me no telegram unless it was terrible bad news, would they? Go on. Please. This is the last time and I mean it. They're charging hamlet folk what amounts to a day and a half's wages for a few words on a piece of paper. They're charging for the distance. Candleford Post Office say we're outside their eight mile limit. That's them getting paid twice! They're taking the food off our tables and the clothes off our backs. They want to take us for no more than country fools. Right's right and wrong ain't right. We're not outside of no limit. Milestones might say we are. Maps might say we are. But we all walk to and from and we know what eight mile is. We ought to do something about it. All I want is my money back and a fair share of what's right. You know, somebody ought to ruffle their feathers and let them know they've been ruffled 'n' all. We should write a letter, to the Post Master General hi'self. What do you think, Robert? That's something about our Lucy. Won't cost me another three and six for you to read it, will it? "Your daughter did give birth today to a fine baby girl." "Mother and child are both in good health." Thomas Brown, we should raise a drop of ale in the blessedness of it. If you ask me, the blessed thing to do would be to abstain. Well, the beer's here and this is certainly something worth celebrating. It may take a little while, but she'll settle. We'll settle too. We're not the first family to send their daughter out into the world. It's done, Robert. It is done, isn't it, Robert? I suppose it is, if you say it is. I wrote it all down, everything I saw and heard. My mother always said even small things never passed unnoticed by me. Are you all settled in, Laura? - Yes, I am, thank you. - Good. Then you need your sleep, you have a big day tomorrow. Was that Lady Adelaide we saw today, ma'am? It was, yes. And impossibly beautiful, don't you think? Yes. - I heard she was from London. - Yes, but now she is married to Sir Timothy, whose family have given us our squire for hundreds of years. That means we must love Lady Adelaide and cherish her. She is one of us now. And tomorrow you may meet her. - Does she come into the Post Office? - No. I don't suppose Her Ladyship has much need of a penny stamp. She won't come to you, Laura, but you will go along to the manor. You must go to see Sir Timothy and be sworn in. No-one can work for the Post Office until they have signed The Declaration. It wasn't so much the words she spoke about Lady Adelaide, as the look in Miss Lane's eyes as she said them. I'm joining you today, Miss Lane. I'm curious what it is you two gossip about. If only it was so diverting. Timothy has engaged me in the same conversation since we were ten years old. Well, I am no rider but, erm, I promised Timothy that I would make an effort after all this time. The poor horse knows when there's a city girl in the saddle. Timothy, you talk such back-wood nonsense. You ride so well, Dorcas. I have watched you, many times. Walk on... - How about a juicy little kiss then? - I will NOT! All we did was trot around saying "hello" to your tenants and yet you came back from those jaunts so much sunnier. At least now you know you're not... missing anything. And what have you been up to, young lady? Poaching? Rick-burning? Or is it petty larceny? I look gravely upon petty larceny. Forgive me, Laura. I couldn't resist. You looked so full of dread standing there. Come in. Dorcas has, um... Miss Lane has told me all about you. Please... Ah, there we are. The Declaration, which even the most humble of candidates for Her Majesty's Service must sign before a magistrate. - I am the magistrate. - Yes, Sir. I know who you are. Wait... You must never put your name to anything before you read it, Laura. You might sign away your fortune. Now, what does it say? "I do solemnly promise and declare that I will not open, or delay," "or cause or suffer to be opened or delayed," "any letter or anything sent by post." And do you? Solemnly promise to be a servant of Her Majesty's Post Office, bound by its many codes and statutes? - I do, Sir. - Then now you may sign it. Very well read it was, too. You should do well with Miss Lane. She is an excellent woman. Erm, efficient, I mean... and respected... and kind to those of whom she approves. Your eyes are young, Laura. Let's hope they will never be dimmed... by crying. You tell him, that letter's from all of Lark Rise. Mr Paxton, I'm afraid there are regulations that govern even what the Post Master General can do. You ask him how are folks supposed to afford it, eh, on ten shillings farm wages? Right's right and wrong ain't right. How can you be so sure Lark Rise is inside of the eight mile limit? There's folk in the hamlet understands these things. It's in their feet you might say. And that's for certain that ain't no eight mile. I Well, I will certainly forward this to the Post Master General for you. We're being treated as poor relations to Candlef0rd's jumped-up ways, and that ain't right. No-one can ever say that Lark Rise is against Her Majesty, God bless her. Can they, Laura? It ain't Candleford's fault that those country savages send each other telegrams about every silly something or nothing, without a thought about how it's going to be paid for. Do you suppose you could spare a crust of loaf, Emma? I ain't got a morsel of bread and the young 'uns is half starved. You can't bring your children up on borrowed bread, Caroline. Oh, listen to you. Duchess of Lark Rise. Well, I wouldn't be much of a neighbour if I said nothing and your borrowing landed you in the debtors' prison. I shall feather the foam. The time to stop living is when you're dead. Thank you. - Thank you. - Thank you, Miss Lane. Laura, is there a letter for Miss Midwinter? - Thank you. - There you are. 'Tis churning day on the farm today, Miss Lane. Thank you, Zillah. Then I should like to take a bath tonight. Like I said, you're in Candleford now, girl. That young lady who came in to collect the letter... - Miss Midwinter? - ... she's a cousin of Sir Timothy's. And the letter is from a handsome farmer's boy, intoxicatingly handsome. It will never do, of course, the poor boy doesn't have so much as a penny to bless himself. Love rarely crosses the great divide of social class. So, you see, Laura, that Declaration you signed before Sir Timothy, it means that you and I are the guardians of secrets that even he may not know of. - It's certainly less... - Maybe under some lace? I do think that this would suit Your Ladyship. The style is the new favourite of Princess Louise. I don't think so. Perhaps the green satin does so suit Your Ladyship's comely complexion. Could I have a reel of blue cotton for Miss Lane? Ruby, would you? Yes, now I know green is not always your colour, but this one is a very special blue... It absolutely pinpoints your eyes... - Aren't you the child from Lark Rise? - Yes, ma'am. Well, make sure you don't touch anything in my shop, will you? You wonder that Miss Lane could not find someone more genteel than a little country girl to assist her in her office. I can read, and I can count and I was brought up with proper manners, which is more than can be said for some people in Candleford! Well... Well, I can't see her lasting long under Miss Lane's standards. Mrs Arless... Mrs Arless! Are you at home? Sir, I'm looking for Mrs Arless. I've travelled over special from Oxford to collect her payment for the beer. Do you know where I might find Mrs Arless? Alfie, has Old Monday paid you your wages? Yes, sir, he has. Have a thought before you hand it over to your ma. Well, she'll be expecting something. There's a fair chance she'll spend it before the day's out. It won't be easy to refuse her but it might be the right thing. - Yes. Sir. - Good lad. I am your ma! You give your wages to me. - But you will buy food with it? - I'll buy food. Course I'll buy food! You see if I don't. So how's your new girl, Laura, settling in? She's bright, spirited, more afraid than she likes to show, knows her own mind. I hear she made quite an impression with Pearl and Ruby Pratt. Yes, and for that you should give her a medal and I should raise her allowance. Timothy, you are looking at me in that disconcerting way of yours. Am I? She just reminds me of you at that age. You are no good for me, Timothy. You bring out the sentimental in me and sentiment is as unattractive as self pity. I fear there's trouble brewing with Lark Rise. The letter to the Post Master General? Oh, word is out I see. I have a suspicion Robert Timmins is behind it. I wish I could wave the charge but he's in the wrong, they're in the wrong. They're outside of the limit and that's the end of it. If only life were so simple. My father would never back down. Not when he felt there was an injustice against poor people. But I felt torn. I couldn't help falling in love with the luxuries of Candleford. Your bath is prepared, Miss Lane. Then I shall take my canary dip. Thank you, Zillah. Baths are my one weakness! A quart of buttermilk, I say. A quart of buttermilk she has to wash her face on churning day. And warm rainwater for the bath. Poor Queenie, her brother's ill. You'd better fetch Thomas. Mrs Turill? Telegram. Thomas Brown says he ain't giving me the telegram till he's got the three and six pence in his hand. No, I told them. I told that Dorcas Lane herself, "I ain't paying" and that's a fact. I'm sorry, Queenie, but wrong is wrong. If that's got our name on it, then it's our telegram. Ain't no Candleford muster going to keep it from us! Come on, lads! Gentlemen there he is. - Thomas Brown, that's our telegram... - Thomas Brown... Give us our telegram! - Come back! Come here! - I'm not standing for it! There'll be trouble about this telegrams. Won't have to be no trouble if them up the road do what's fair and right. It's the Post Office Regulations, Robert. It's not Candleford's doing... even if that's what you want it to be. Robert... it was you who wrote the letter to the Post Master about the telegrams, wasn't it? I give them a few tips on the wording of it. - Oh, Robert. - It ain't my name on it, - I made sure of that. - It'll stir trouble, and you know it. You couldn't leave it alone, could you? It's the same man, the same horse, the same cart delivers telegrams to Candleford, do they have to pay for it? If you get yourself involved in this, you'll not make it easy for Laura at the Post Office. If anyone's petty-minded enough to use it... Oh, listen to yourself. You think this is about your principles and the rights and wrongs of the telegrams and the distance, but it's not. You just need something to throw your sadness at. Is that right? You know that, do you? You know my emotions, my - motives I better than do myself? - Yes, I do. - When it's about your daughter. - Well, you're wrong. You think I haven't turned my guts inside out asking myself that? It's unfair. I just want poor people to get a bit of justice. I'm asking you, please leave it alone. Will you promise me that? Thomas was unable to deliver it, I'm afraid. - But it's for Queenie. - Yes. Well, her brother's ill, she should be told. Why didn't he tell her? Oh, because, Laura, it isn't as simple as that. The Post Office is built on rules and regulations. Can rules and regulations be wrong sometimes? And it is founded on these principles for very good and honourable reasons. You'll appreciate that when you're older and more experienced in the proportion of things. I don't believe I will, Miss Lane. I don't think I'll ever appreciate what's cruel and heartless. Laura, that is enough. Your place is to work and not to question what you don't properly understand. And that's exactly what you will do now. Suppose I don't get the three and six? Does that mean we never find out what's in the telegram? Well, that don't seem right! Suppose it is something pressing? Perhaps we could ask Miss Lane if the Post Office will tell us who it's from at least? That might only add to the mystery of it. Suppose it's from someone you don't like? Or someone who don't like you? Or someone you don't even know? Well, I don't like the things. Edmund! Ethel! - Now, go on. - Where are you? Steak and onions? Oh, Caroline... How can you afford steak and onions? Alf has his wages, and I ain't going to squander it paying my debts. But it's all gone on one meal. Oh, I shall feather the foam. I have before and I shall again. Come and sit down, Emma, have yourself a bite. Whoever said no to red meat? You haven't paid your rent, haven't you, Caroline? Life's for enjoying. What's the use of worrying, I say. Timothy, I thought we might ride out Ingleston way. What do you think? Well, to be quite frank, Dorcas, we always ride out in whichever direction you to take a fancy for. How can you say such a thing? It's as much as I can do to keep up with YOU. What is it? Mrs Turrill's brother. We had a telegram yesterday to say he was ill. Thomas was unable to deliver it because Queenie couldn't afford to pay the three and six pence. Now it seems he has passed away. Poor woman must have lain awake all night, wondering what it was we were keeping from her. Dorcas you were only the messenger, don't punish yourself too much. My father always impressed upon me to put aside my feelings and do everything according to Post Office Regulations. But it doesn't come easily when it means I have to stand by something I don't believe in! Well, perhaps you and I could I ride over to Lark Rise now. You could deliver the news to Mrs Turrill yourself, offer her your apologies. I'm sure she would appreciate that. And I hear she was unmannerly to Miss Pearl and Miss Ruby on her first visit to the stores. You have to wonder what Miss Lane was thinking of, bringing such a girl under her roof. Rain in the sky again... I'd better have just one more tart to see me through the second delivery. I felt I did not have a friend in Candleford. And don't you make the mistake of thinking I'm here at the beck and call of just anyone, my girl. Cos I ain't having it. And after the troubles with the telegram about Queenie's brother, I felt I didn't want one. We're all sorry at the Post Office... Sorry that you didn't receive the message. If I have added to you suffering... He was such a beautiful boy. My mother always said, "Harry will even look handsome in his coffin." Mrs Turrill, if there is anything I can do? Such a beautiful boy. Dorcas, is something the matter? I just called on Mrs Turrill because we had a telegram to say that her brother had been taken ill but, unfortunately, Thomas wasn't able to deliver it. And now the poor man has died. I thought perhaps I should tell her myself. That's very considerate of you. But if Queenie had known he was ill, she might've gone to be with him. Thomas should have told Mrs Turrill that she could come in to the Post Office - to collect her message. - Yes. If she'd walked the distance she'd know it wasn't eight miles. - I would hope that you know me... - It shouldn't be at Candleford's favour that Queenie finds out if her brother's living or not! Folk in Candleford don't pay three and six, do they? - But they don't live outside... - It isn't eight mile! Ladies, if I might suggest there does seem to be a fair and simple way to resolve the dispute about the distance. Erm, we'll measure it. And I'll oversee the operation to guarantee impartiality. That might be a fitting way to put this thing to rest. How does next Sunday sound? Measuring?! Yes, to settle a dispute. I had to do something. It was my idea. You're measuring the distance between Candleford and Lark Rise, and that is why we will miss the MOST stunning ball of the summer?! Adelaide, I am the squire. I'm sorry, but I must attend to this. This as what I do. But so far as I can see, this is a Post Office dispute, which doesn't really call for "the squire" to resolve it. Yes, I suppose it is a Post Office matter. But these are MY tenants, so it is MY duty to see justice done. You can see that, can't you? Adelaide, the more I give myself to my obligation, the more I enjoy it. You could join me. We could do this together. Thomas, I think that perhaps on this one Sunday you might show a little pliancy. You may call it pliancy, ma'am, the Lord calls it dereliction, and the dereliction leads to degradation. Keep holy the Sabbath Day! We will have two penny stamps. We just wanted you to let you know, Miss Lane, that we will be there to stand behind you come Sunday. I'm not sure that will be necessary, ladies. But it's our duty to defend the town's good name. It's a wonder you allowed such a challenge to your authority and integrity. To the integrity of all of us, it is a slight on the standards of the whole of Candleford. - We mustn't let this blow up into... - We will be there. - We have encouraged our friends and customers to come to the cause. We will ensure that the whole of Candleford stands behind you, Miss Lane. Pa! - What are you doing here? - Enjoying the sights. My, don't you look the part. How is it for you here, Laura? I like having my own room, and the meals and the baths and there's books everywhere. You would tell me if you couldn't settle here, wouldn't you? - Of course, I would. - Well, it's all for the best. - Here's to you in your new home. - What is it, Pa? I've walked that road I a thousand times why is it today it seems further than eight miles? I feel as if I'm making a fool of myself, Laura. I said I knew things I didn't know, made others believe me, and now just don't know. We'll all be fools, all of Lark Rise. Now, don't you worry though. If I'm wrong it might dent my pride, but that's not what matters. There's a chance we're right, and we must take it, so that what happened to Queenie never happens again. Hopefully they'll be there next week. Laura? I have some clothes from when I was your age. I thought you might like to have them to wear in the Post Office. I don't think I'll be needing them, ma'am. Do you feel that Candleford is not right for you? I feel as though I am not right for Candleford I know it can be difficult to settle into a new home, a new town. But I must admit I thought you were doing rather well. And there must be some things about Candleford that you quite like? So what is it that's really troubling you? I saw my pa today. He walked back from Lark Rise. And he is convinced that the hamlet is outside the eight-mile limit... that the measuring will certainly prove Lark Rise to be wrong. Perhaps that is just his fear talking. Or perhaps your father is right. Laura... I know I had no right to be so cross with you, ma'am, but I just wanted to explain that the cost of a telegram - is such a great burden to poor people. - Do you imagine I don't know that? If respect the Post Office rules, it doesn't always mean that I like them. Don't be despondent. My father used to say that we should work with the regulations. But I have always rather enjoyed looking for ways to work around them. - Are we ready, Matthew? - Sir. Then lead on. William! So as the church bells rang that Sunday morning, we set off to walk to Lark Rise. I was heading homewards but somehow I found myself on the wrong side of this little war. Thomas, did the Lord give you the day off after all?! It's not like this is work though, is it, ma'am? No-one can say that Thomas Brown did labour upon the Sabbath Day. Timothy... I'd like to thank you for doing this whatever the outcome. I'm just doing what's right by my tenants. Yes, but you have been a constant friend to me and I cannot let that go unmentioned today. Sir Timothy. Perhaps we could stop for something to eat now? Food is my one weakness! Matthew! A luncheon break, I think. Luncheon break. Adelaide, what a wonderful surprise. Come and have some lunch. Your Ladyship, you've joined us just in time for the conclusion of our odyssey. Forgive me for arriving so late. I imagined that you could get along just fine without a "city" girl. Matthew, can you predict the result? I'd say by the time we get to Lark Rise... we'll be outside the eight-mile limit. What's Dorcas saying to Matthew? Right, time to bend the rules. Laura, I need you to take a message to your father. What have they been feeding you in Candleford? I have so much to tell you. I don't know where to begin. You might begin by sitting down beside me. I can't. I have to talk to Miss Lane. I'll find you later. Excuse me, Sir, if I might ask? Which way are you proposing to travel? Only that isn't the most direct way, Sir. The road I always travel is the main route. I think you'll find Post Office Regulations say nothing about the main route, or the safest, or most convenient. Just the distance from the Post Office must be no more than eight miles. - You can't do this. - What are you proposing, Mr Timmins? We go round the rise that way and into the hamlet there. Matthew, lead on. Mr Timmins will show you the way. William! Ma'am. It's still gonna be close. Well... there are only a few yards in it, but a result is a result. Ladies and gentleman, I believe that we have established today, that according to Post Office statutes, the village of Lark Rise lies within, I repeat, within... the eight-mile limit and, therefore is not subject to charge for the delivery of telegrams. But I won't be delivering across no field. How can they say that's right? I think the Lord would want us to be magnanimous in defeat, Thomas. Well, I think the squire could stand a beer for those with a thirst - after our seven-mile walk. - What did I tell you. Ain't no use in worrying, you see, things always turn out somehow. You keep your brother close, young Laura. Brothers can get lost if you don't keep a careful eye on them. Be warned. One for the fiddler. Miss Lane! Erm, I hope you'llagree, ma'am, that what's been paid out, should be returned. Right is right, Mr Paxton. Which is why I have already returned the three and sixpence to Mrs Arless. Mrs Arless?! Mrs... No, no, hold hard there, Mrs Arless! Mrs... And anyone else who has paid, if you will give your telegram to Thomas, I'll make sure that you're reimbursed. That still ain't right. Candleford still come out on top. Don't you dare start anything more. They've got our Laura and I just want to tell them how lucky they are. But perhaps not today, eh? # Twister Turrill is my name # # England is my nation # # Lark Rise is my dwelling place # # And Christ is my salvation # # When I am dead and in my grave # # And all my bones are rotten # # Sing you this song and think of me # # And mind I'm not forgotten. # - Miss Lane, I was wanting to say... - I know, Laura. Post Office Regulations have their advantages, too, hm? Miss Lane was certainly right about that. Life was infinitely more complicated than I'd thought. The little war of the telegram had given me a glimpse of her love of mischief. Sir Timothy had called her "an I excellent woman" and I was about to find out, just what he meant. I felt so proud of my friends in Lark Rise poor beyond imagining, yet they had never lost the secret of being happy on little. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 