Lark Rise to Candleford: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lark Rise to Candleford 
 s2e2 - Episode #2.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lark Rise to Candleford (2008–2011): Season 2, Episode 2 - Episode #2.2 - full transcript 
 A handsome stranger rides into Candleford, giving away silver three-penny coins. He has come from London to open his new hotel in the town, and Pearl and Ruby Pratt are delighted to welcome such a sophisticated incomer. However, he is actually James Dowland, a former Lark Rise orphan fostered by the Turrills who, on advice from Dorcas' father, left the area to make his fortune in the capital. In gratitude to his adopted parents he has their leaking roof mended, but Robert Timmins believes that he is not only buying the villagers' affections but also allowing the Turrills' greedy landlady, Mrs. Herring, to shirk her duties. In the Candleford Post Office, meanwhile, Dorcas, whilst encouraging Thomas's courtship of Margaret, is having problems with her very stupid new young maid, Minnie, who creates more work than she achieves. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There were those who said that Lark Rise was like the outer wilds, beyond the bounds of civilisation. So, a child caught up in this time of so much change, a child with dreams, might need to escape. But sometimes we feel the need to return, because there are some things from the past that can only be resolved at home. Don't you have a good morning for your sister? What's your hurry, boy? I'm late for school. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's never too late for school. Here. Is that your ma coming? And my sister. She's a Pocket Venus, your ma. A silver thruppence can change a boy's life. If he knows how to use it well. Edmund! Who was that? He didn't say. He gave me this. A silver thruppence! That's considered good luck. The same man was looking down into the hamlet as I arrived. Well, who is he? What does he want at Lark Rise? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Just what Candleford needs. Enterprise. Modernisation. I do wonder if there is call for a grand hotel in Candleford. Who is going to stay here? Miss Lane, you might show a little enthusiasm for the amelioration of our town. Yes. We must ameliorate. Well, yes, I suppose this is a certain kind of betterment. But it's not so much enthusiasm that overcomes me, ladies, as curiosity, about who our new neighbour is to be. The gang master says our wages are to be paid by a London concern. All correspondence in the name of Mr JD. Mr JD. It's obvious, some fine city developer has, at last, realised the potentialities of Candleford. We'll know soon enough. Mr JD is on his way here now, to inspect the work, ready for the hotel opening. We need to go at once, Ruby, we must finish our leg of mutton sleeves. It's beautiful, Mr Timmins the carving. Quite what this town needs. Miss Lane, for more than 15 years, I have taken out the early delivery, and I believe that entitles me to a breakfast on my return. What is making you so irritable, Thomas Brown? Have you fallen out with Miss Ellison? Ma'am, I have not fallen out with Miss Ellison. My irritation is entirely to do with the lack of breakfast. Minnie. Is breakfast ready? It surely will be, ma'am. In a minute. Poor Zillah would turn in her grave if she could see this. Nonsense. If Zillah felt there was a problem, she would come back from the afterlife to sort it out. Thank you, Minnie. Eggs. Soft. Just as I prefer them. Food is my one weakness. Pearl and Ruby Pratt of The Stores. We are so pleased, indeed, gratified, to see that you are bringing such London sophistication and refinement to Candleford. Oak panelling! We've been trying our best to introduce London standards. It's quite a lonely outpost of cosmopolitalia. When we heard you were from London, I said to my sister, Ruby, At last! A boulevardier, who can take this town by the horns. It is our intention to expand. The Pratts of London, Paree and Candleford. May we offer you a small piece of advice, Mr...? Mr JD. You may want to hang a sign on your front door. "Only Refined Custom" There are, shall we say, lower orders, who pass along the street, and may wander in out of curiosity! Hardly likely they've ever seen a chandelier. They are to be actively discouraged. Yes, ladies, I am well aware of the impertinent ways of the lower orders. Your Pa says,if he can just get more work on, he'll employ me full time. So, I'm almost his apprentice! The way folks look up to your Pa a stonemason! Well, that might be me. Almost an apprentice. That's quite a catch for some girl. You'll find a girl that's right for you, Alf. She'll be the luckiest girl for many a mile. So, is he not your boy then, Laura? No, Minnie! Alf is my dear friend. Have you finished that floor yet? I surely will, ma'am. In a minute. I'm sure that hole is following me around, trying to get me when I ain't looking. You old duffer! That's just getting bigger. here you are. All our life together, you been bringing other people's noisy chits into our home. Didn't we say that's enough, now? Don't I deserve a bit of quiet, after a life of moil and toil? You might, if you'd ever done any proper work. And little 'uns deserve a home. No matter whose sprigs they are. Now! Who's hungry? I am! Miss Lane, Miss Lane, Miss Lane! We have so much to tell you. We have met him, in the flesh. We had the most pleasant encounter, with our new neighbour, Mr JD. If ever gallantry lived in a face... But the most interesting thing... The most interesting thing of all... Meeting him only adds to the mystery. Oh. And why is that? Because, Miss Lane, he is one of those men,who says so much... By saying... So little. What a man! I do hope we're not going to be a disappointment to him. Goodness me. I suddenly remembered, I had belongings in the End House cupboard. It ain't right, her keeping a key, walking in when it suits, to fetch from her own locked cupboard. It's her house, Robert. It's our home. The deaf old goat wouldn't listen to our complaints, even if she could hear us. I thought we were the Squire's tenants? Well, we live on his patch, so we're our Squire's pastoral tenants, but, Mrs Herring owns the house, so we pay rent to her. She's keen to exercise her landlady's privileges. What about her responsibilities? What about Twister's roof? Sister? Sister? I don't have no sister. A roof can be easily fixed. You could do it. And let her shirk her duties? Oh, she would like that. Wouldn't you, you old penny piker? What? Ma, what's a Pocket Venus? it's years since I heard that phrase. Didn't your pa call you that as a girl? Since I'm here, I may as well collect the rent. Save me a trip! Where did you hear that, Edmund? The stranger said it. The one that gave me a silver thruppence. What stranger? What silver thruppence? What you writing in your book, Laura? Just things. Things I notice. Are you writing about me? I wrote something once. But then, when I'd writ it, I couldn't read it. Minnie, is my bath ready? I ain't forgotten, ma'am. That'll be ready in a minute. I think Minnie is doing rather well, considering. Yes, ma'am. By which you mean, "No, Ma'am." I only wonder, Miss Lane, well, since you could have had the choice of any maid. I could have had the pick of any post-girl, couldn't I? She only needs time, Laura. And we all need that to begin with, don't we? Yes. We do. I'm sorry. I managed to get some jam tarts from the baker's shop. Our secret. To keep our spirits up, until Minnie gets the hang of the oven. The lights are on in the hotel. I have a feeling, Laura, that our little town might not be so cocooned against the changing world as it has been. Post! Hello, there. I have your post. Hello? Thomas Brown! Good morning. You have the advantage on me there,sir. Is that the mail for the hotel? For the proprietor, sir. You? I'll take it. Good man. Please tell Miss Lane that I shall call on her about Post Office business. Here, second helpings of porridge will keep you all warm till bather time. Ain't no room for a man to stretch his legs no more. And I do need to stretch my legs, on account of the rheumatism. There's no need for you to do that, Queenie. They'll only get scuffed again. Why, no boy of mine shall go out without a shine on his boots. I... I mean... no boy from my house. That's what I mean. I'm certain that hole's out to get me. I could fix a bit of thatch over it. Robert said we ain't to touch it, because Mrs Herring herself has to repair it. She ain't no thatcher. She's justa miserable rent-snatching hag. Face uglier than an old potato. Perhaps Twister is right, Queenie. There ain't room for so many of us here. Don't take no notice of him, Alfie. I want you all to think of this cottage as your home now, till such time as your Ma comes back. I have never been so disobliged in all my days in Her Majesty's service. Thruppence. A tip! From the new proprietor of the Golden Lion as though I were no more than a footman. Or a scullery maid. The stranger gave a silver thruppence to my brother, just yesterday. That must have been Mr JD. A silver thruppence? Well, this is the oddest coincidence. An affront against the very uniform! Where is Minnie? Laura, go and fetch her, please. Did this man say anything when he gave you the money? Tell Miss Lane I shall call on her. Nothing about the coin itself? No. I'll return it to him at the first opportunity, and I'll make clear to him that I am a servant of Her Majesty, and therefore deserving of the respect that my uniform... deserves. Minnie wasn't able to come down, ma'am. She seems to have lost her clothes. I dread to imagine how that is possible. She says she washed her clothes last night, and she hung them from the window, to dry. They seem to have blown away. I've lent her one of my dresses. Minnie. Take a look at the kitchen. Tell me what you see. That's a disgrace, ma'am. I ain't never seen such a mess before. I'm afraid you have seen such a mess before. You saw it yesterday. We all did. And look at that stack of washing. Let me explain once more, child. It is your responsibility, not only to clean up such a mess, but to prevent it from happening in the first place. Do you understand what responsibility is? It's doing your work, so you don't get scolded, like you scold me. Miss Lane. Go and clean the attic up. I want you out of my sight! Miss Lane. We would like to know how these... One can hardly call them garments. ...came to be strewn across our doorstep? Good morning. Laura! Take a look at this. Minnie, don't you think you ought to be tidying up the attic? I surely will in a minute. It's such a beautiful thing. I wonder who it belonged to? No, no, Minnie.I don't think you should. I shall find me a boy who wants to marry me, and that will be the gladdest day of my life, because, then, I shall belong. We all belong, Minnie. No. Not me. People get tired of Minnie. Miss Lane will become tired of me and then she will turn me out,send me back. Minnie, perhaps you're not ready for a place yet. It might be best for you to go home. What is it, Minnie? We have a stepfather. He has such a temper. Just the sound of his footsteps, coming up the path... Laura? Are you up there? Yes, ma'am. What are you two girls doing up here? It's not a plaything, Minnie. It's a family heirloom. More importantly, it is a treasured part of my past, my life. You must treat such things with the respect they deserve. Yes, ma'am. the braid is worn. I must have the Misses Pratt look at it for me. I'd forgotten how beautiful it was. It was my mother's. Did she keep it for you, ma'am? Yes. Yes, she did. She would have liked to see me wearing it. It's not too late, ma'am. Minnie! I don't mind. I would have liked to have fulfilled my mother's dream. What girl wouldn't? Forgive me. I-I did not hear the door. The bell must be... We found the dress in the attic, we were just admiring it. There is no need for you to explain yourself to me, Miss Lane. I consider myself fortunate to have wandered in on an unexpected delight. but I would not like you to think I was about to be married. Neither would I. Allow me introduce myself. I am the owner of the Golden Lion. The mysterious Mr JD. There is no mystery. Indeed, I have here some invitations to the official opening, which I would like to post. Then, the whole town can meet me. And I am right at the top, I see. And you, Thomas Brown. And Misses Pratt. Mr and Mrs Tarman. One for you, Laura, there. Hmm. Dr Ingrams. Constable Patterson. Oh, it promises to be quite an occasion. Queenie and Twister Turrill. The Brabys. And my ma and pa! Everyone in Lark Rise. You're looking at me most strangely, Miss Lane. Am I? I do apologise, Mr... I feel as though I know your face. That is not so surprising. I watched you ride up Fordlow Lane many times as a boy. You did? I hardly suppose you noticed me. James Dowland. Lately, of London. Now, of Candleford. She still has hold of his hand! Oh. Minnie! I hope you have noticed me now. I have. I mean... welcome to Candleford, Mr Dowland. Thank you, Miss Lane. I already feel as if I belong here. Good day. What is it? Seems we have all been invited to the grand opening of the Golden Lion Hotel in Candleford. Well, I shan't go. What kind of grand opening is it, invites any old folk? Oh, my. How is it ever possible? What is it, Emma? It's James. It's James Dowland. His own hotel. Matchstick James? Rag and bone James? He's no matchstick now. If you ask me, the man's rather too full of himself. Full of himself? Well, that's marvellous! I think I met him. He looked grand. And he's from our hamlet? Queenie took Little James in, when his Ma died and he had no-one. Them days, Queenie had a whole trail of little 'uns she took in. I took a tip from a Lark Rise boy! If he's back, why's he not show his nose here his self? He did. That's just... James' way - stay in the shadows. And send a gift. A Lark Rise boy. He must have made a proper fortune to have a hotel in Candleford. So, why's he want to come back? Being, as he is, from London, Mr JD will so obviously bring a much needed degree of city professionalism. And sophistication to Candleford. how pleasing... to have a neighbour whose background is something to look up to. One knows when one is in the presence of breeding. And he's so handsome. There's to be a great opening at the Golden Lion. We have been invited. Yes, we delivered your invitation. Miss Lane, if you delivered the invitations, then you will know... who else? No. Post Office regulations, ladies. Confidentiality. Oh, of course. Course. How must it have felt to wear such a dress? On your wedding day. To be so in love, that you give your whole life to a man. If you can restore it as best you can, please. A labour of love, I assure you, Miss Lane. Such a fine piece of bridal work. Ladies! Ladies! I need your absolute assurance, that my gown will be ready for the grand opening. Ah, Mrs Herring. Perhaps we could let you have your account. Send it. Send it. How are the bosoms? I need absolute assurance, you'll make the most of the bosom. Only an act of God could save that bosom! We have sent your account, Mrs Herring. Three times. What? Three times! I believe. Is not that so, Miss Lane? Send it again. I do not carry cash. I so look forward to trying on my dress. A grand opening! I do so like a bit of society! I'm sure we will all be vitalized by the bit of society Mr JD has planned for us. Why, it is! Bees, bees, look who it is. Twister! It's little James. On a great big horse! At least we know he's still breathing God's air after all these years. I always trusted that you knew I'd come back, Queenie. And that my gratitude for all that you'd given me was never in any doubt. Well, of course. It's only a blessing to see you looking so fine, and champion. Quite the regular gentleman now. And us with a hole in our roof, shivering at the mercy of the wind and the rain. The biting rain. James! Emma. Whatever has become of you? You look so different. Emma, you don't look a day older than that little Pocket Venus that dragged her feet all the way to school,and skipped, all the way home. I love this old cottage. It will be my pleasure to have the roof restored. Kind words, Mr Dowland. Charity is not what's needed here. More like a tenant's right to live in a sound and safe property. Robert, is not the practical course  to take some initiative here? The old hag ain't minded to do nothing about it. You said so yourself, Robert. We're not shy of initiative, sir. But those of us who pay rent in Lark Rise appreciate that what is needed is to fix the hole in our landlady's thinking, or our problems return. Will principle keep an old couple warm and dry at night? It will, sir. If we hold together, show Mrs Herring she must accept her responsibilities. I am most grateful to you, Mr Timmins, for showing me the way of things. Queenie! How about a cup of that pennyroyal tea? How often did that restore me as a boy? What about our hole? Minnie, what are you doing? I'm cleaning the oven. Minnie, what you told me in the attic... about your stepfather... ...your fears of going home. Well, I know that Miss Lane likes you. In fact, she told me so herself. That makes me want to buy a cake. But, Minnie, can you not see that what matters, is that Miss Lane likes your work? If you were to clean the oven,instead of gazing at it... I did give it a wipe, but now,I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do My ma always says that a clean cottage is one that's scrubbed with real intention. What does that mean? Well, if you just wipe the oven, like this. that's fine. But if you go at it properly, like this... Laura, you'll get your dress dirty! Here, take my apron. Thank you. Oh, my mother seems to love cleaning. There's something makes you feel so proud about the results. I'm beginning to think that girl is running rings around the both of us, Laura. But it seems she just can't help herself. I seem to have put down my bible somewhere, and it won't be found. Perhaps so much pining has left you distracted, Thomas. Ma'am, I do not pine, and I am not distracted. Not everything in my life can be accounted for by Miss Ellison. I have simply mislaid my bible, and, when I find it, normality will be restored. I managed to get us some spiced applesauce cake, Laura. What is he doing out there? He seems to be hammering something over the door. Why don't you go and take a look, ma'am? I have no intentions of doing any such thing. Going out at night, to pry on our neighbours! James Dowland. Lately, of London. Now, of Candleford. And once, of Lark Rise. My father used to give these to local boys. It was one of his peculiarities. He gave that one to me. And what he said as he handed it to me gave me the conviction to leave to go and make my fortune. A silver thruppence can change a boy's life... If he knows how to use it well. My father was a journeyman smith when he arrived in Candleford. By the time he died, he owned a Post Office and a forge. Your father was an inspirational man. The one and only time I spoke to him, he set me on the course of my whole life. When I had to look after the Post Office, while he was sick for nine days,I have often wondered I suspected he was well enough to get up from his bed in a day or two. He left me in charge of the men. It was only his faith which gave me courage. I can't help thinking that being in charge of men comes naturally to you, Miss Lane. And I can't decide if that is an insult or a complement. I think I would rather consider it was an insult. I have missed the opportunity of thanking your father. I hope you will allow me to show my appreciation to his beautiful daughter instead? Mr Dowland, I suspect that the night and stars have gone to your head a little. I should go. The first thing my guests will see, each day, is your Post Office. Then no doubt if your guests are in need of a stamp or two, they will know where to find us. Miss Lane, would you agree with me that the Post Office frontage does not present a picture of loveliness? Perhaps that is because we have no wish and no need to be a picture of loveliness, even to please your guests. The Post Office has looked exactly the same since my father's day. That is my point. When you live with something for a long while, you do not notice that it has lost its lustre. Fresh eyes see things as they are now. Well, I am sorry to be a disappointment to your fresh eyes, Mr Dowland. Let me apologise, Miss Lane. My entreaty came out all wrong. Permit me to explain. Please do. I would not wish to cause you any expense. I will finance the refurbishment. Sir, let me apologise. I have failed to make myself clear. Would you allow me to propose a compromise? Please do. If the Post Office is so drab and displeasing, might I suggest that your guests look the other way? Pa! Laura. I have a letter for Mrs Herring. I would like it officially delivered by the Post Office so she cannot deny receiving it. I'm afraid she denies even receiving her accounts from The Stores, no matter how officially delivered they are. There's no use speaking to the woman, she ignores all appeals to fix the roof, mend the walls, anything at all that might cost her a penny. Well, it seems so long as Mrs Herring is receiving her rent the hole in Mrs Turrill's roof will be allowed to survive and multiply. And if we were to stop paying rent, it'd take a blink of an eye for her to have the bailiffs upon us and see us evicted. I'd be grateful if you could deliver the letter anyway. Let her see that we mean to press our grievance. We ain't letting it go this time. Mrs Herring will ignore his letter and my Pa will confront her. He'll say something. We don't know that's what will happen. No. Ma'am. I know my Pa, the way his temper works. I can see in his face how close he is to exploding. He sets his whole pride by such things, what will happen if he insults her? Perhaps... ...rather than deliver the letter, we wait till she pops in to make her deposit and we ambush her. I have always believed, Laura, that the most effective method to resolve a dispute is to appeal to the better nature of people. A cake or two also helps, of course. Mrs Herring, how is your lemon sponge? Oh! Heavenly. Might I have another slice? Well, this is an unexpected delight, tea at the Post Office. I do so like a bit of society. Since you are here, Mrs Herring, and since you and I have so much in common I have my staff to take care of and you have your tenants... My point is your tenants have written you a letter, I believe to express their anxieties concerning the condition of their homes. Ah. This tea is cold. And since I am sure you would not wish your good reputation to be tarnished in any way... That gypsy lot over there, if I spend money solving one problem, they will only find another. I have no intention of reading that letter. I have found, if I put off repairs, it only results in a greater cost. The truth is, Mrs Herring, your tenants cannot afford to pay for the restoration, so the only outcome is further damage to your property and your purse. Miss Lane, what concern is it of yours to meddle in my affairs? since our squire is away in London and his brother seems to show very little interest in his pastoral duties, I feel we all must do what we can to take a care for one another in our community. My bible, it's my bible! I have had this dear book for more than 30 years. How you ever came to be under Miss Lane's roof, girl, I have no comprehension.But as the Lord's my witness if you remain here you will be the bane of us all! The Lord! Miss Lane, they are lucky to have a roof over their heads. The point is, they do not have a roof over their heads. Good day, Miss Lane, and thank you. Oh, my Lord! He did this, didn't he? Dowland. I was always fond of little James. The whole cottage has had a bit of a spruce up. That looks better than it ever did. Can't anyone see? This lets Mrs Herring believe she can disregard us. Me and Queenie took little James in, see, fed him up, gave him a steer in life. I always said if you look out for others you'll get your reward, didn't I, my dear? Robert, perhaps it's best if we let James show a little bit of kindness and gratitude. Is that right? James?! James. You all think James is the returning hero. What does that make us? Living on charity? He is one of our own. The hand of kindness might take away more than it gives. I need a drink. Lotty Collins lost her drawers, would you kindly lend her yours? Ta-ra-ra boom tee-ay! a-ra-ra boom tee-ay! Lotty Collins... Minnie, how can you be so cheery? A girl needs to remain cheery and have a curl or two if she is to find a boy to marry her. Oh, Minnie. You must make a real effort with your duties before it's too late. Perhaps you could scrub the kitchen floor before Miss Lane comes down? I shall do it. Just as soon as I've found the soap. Minnie, how is it possible to lose the soap? Would you help me to find it, Laura? Would you? Oh, Minnie... can't you just try harder? I know what Miss Lane is thinking now. She must turn me out. But I shan't go home. Not this time. I shall do as my sisters have done - vanish away. Where have they gone? No-one knows. Not a word, not a note. Come on. Let's find the soap. The only reason you're going to this party is to take on James Dowland, isn't it? I might give him a piece of my mind. Robert, why can't you accept that not everyone can live by your principles? It's done! Why can't you let Queenie and Twister enjoy their good fortune? Twister's more'n happy to stay home and look after the children. Now I've explained it to him. I wouldn't miss this party for the world. Thomas... ...I wonder if you would allow me to give you my father's old bible? I can't say it gets the attention it deserves from me. That is most kind, Ma'am. I am truly sorry, Thomas. Unfortunately, Minnie,sometimes "sorry" is not enough. As we all go to the party today, you will remain behind to catch up on your duties, child. That stack of washing needs doing before it reaches the ceiling. Yes, Ma'am. You and I will speak tonight. Taste in every direction. Ruby, I have the distinct feeling that Candleford has arrived. It's like a whole other world. I ain't never seen the like. That makes you wonder. What does it make you wonder, Alf? If a Lark Rise boy can open up a grand hotel in Candleford... You've had your head turned by that man. Dowland's gone off and made his fortune, proved himself in London. I could do the same, send home money for the keep of the little 'uns. Do you think a man like Dowland goes off to London and by honest hard labour he makes himself a property owner? A business man? It don't work like that, Alf. Robert, you don't even know the man. I know this much, to get where he is a man needs a ruthless streak, a desire so great he'll do whatever is needed to win. And if he is that kind of man, you have to wonder what he wants coming back here. James. I don't know how I am to thank you, our cottage is cosier than ever it was. Emma. Hello, James. All's well that ends well, Robert? I meant no offence by what I did. I don't hold much with words and argument. I prefer to get on with life. I hope now that it is resolved, I am sure there will be work that you can do for me, so you and I can be friends. Friendship, sir, is best earned not bought. Robert! I can't help but notice how long it is since Miss Ellison has been into the Post Office... and how long it is since you visited the Rectory. Am I allowed to ask if there is a problem? There is a... Ma'am. Miss Ellison has developed a certain impatience. May I ask, Thomas, have you contemplated the thought of marriage? I... I contemplate it night and day, Ma'am. I simply do not wish to discuss it. What is the cause of your hesitancy? To be blunt, Ma'am, it is her impatience. Perhaps you might like to contemplate, Thomas, what it would be like to lose Miss Ellison altogether. How would that feel? Minnie told me, Ma, she intends to run away if she is turned out by Miss Lane. But if she won't perform her duties? Then she'll vanish like her sisters. I know that girl's family, know of them anyway. I've heard stories of what became of Minnie's sisters when they ran away, tales that would turn your blood. You must speak with Cousin Dorcas, Laura, and tell her all you know. Miss Lane, I fear I offended you the last time we spoke. I perhaps was too overbearing in my proposal to renew the Post Office frontage. Well, at least in this instance you did not go ahead and do the work without my consent. Are you saying I was wrong to have the roof fixed, The truth is, Mr Dowland, you have out-manoeuvred us all. Where my best interventions have failed, you have simply taken the challenge head-on. I do so prefer to meet a challenge head-on. How about old Twister gives you a bit of a tune? There's songs I know can lift any soul, no matter how sorrowful. The spring is here And the long nights grow less bitterly cold than awhile Now then, everything is in the best of order, as you can see, all newly gussied up. I hope you'll be happy here. The rent's due weekly in advance. Friends. I came back because I wish to transform Candleford into a thriving, modern town. I hope that you will join me as we step optimistically into the future. But first let us step into the past,or, should I say, let us dance into the past. As a boy in Lark Rise, we would enjoy a dance handed down long before living memory. Drop The Handkerchief. Ah! I remember! Please, help me to clear the tables. I'm not sure we can remain here. No, of course. But he does appear to be rather taken with Miss Lane. We will remain five more minutes. Laura, I can't see Thomas anywhere. He left a while ago, Ma'am. Ma'am, I know it is unforgivable how Minnie ruined Thomas's bible, and I know she shows no sign of mastering her chores, but I think there is something you should know. Her step-father? And her run-away sisters? You know? Why else do you think I might have taken Minnie on? What're you doing here? We had to get a ride on the hay cart. Why have you come over to Candleford? The old witch is turning us out and all these years we paid good rent. Turn us out? She's putting in a family as can pay more rent now the cottage is spruced as new. You were right, Robert. The hand of charity might take away more than it gives. All that matters is what we do now. I shall let the woman know she is not welcome here. I suspect that is not our best option. What are you thinking, Dorcas? It seems to me that Mrs Herring has one weakness. Mr Dowland, if you wish to put right Mrs Turrill's predicament... I wish nothing more. There is something you can do. Please... please... Real intention... Real intention. Her hearing seems just fine now. He has explicit instructions to flatter her and flirt with her as publicly as possible. It is our only hope. I can't help thinking it is also his punishment. Emma! You can't believe I would do such a thing?! And since you and I both understand,Mrs Herring, these matters cannot be settled on mere sentiment. Were I to pay you the increased rent, then Queenie and Twister could remain happily in their cottage. Are we agreed? Yes. Oh, Mr Dowland, you dance so finely. It was no more than a pipedream to think I could go off and make my fortune like Dowland. I shall do as your Pa has done stay. I have to better myself here. Find myself a wife. Alf, please... No, Laura, I see it now. If that is the life I want, I know it ain't with you. Don't you see? I will find myself a girl. I was under a spell, but now I'm out of it. Mutuality, Miss Lane. What is right for me can also be good for you. If only you would admit it. I simply wish to express my opinion on your... I suspect that not a thought passes across your mind that does not get 'expressed'. The world must be kept informed of the opinions of Mr JD. I'm sorry. That was uncalled for. I have no idea why I insist on speaking to you in such a callous manner. The past is a safe place, Miss Lane. Nothing changes there. If we do not dare, here, now, then what kind of life is it? It is a perfectly contented life, that goes on the same today as it did yesterday, and there is nothing wrong with that. The choice is not between progress and no progress, Miss Lane. The choice is whether we join the journey or not. Where is Minnie? Minnie, Miss Lane wants to see you. You must come now. What happened, Minnie? What always happens. Minnie happened. No-one will ever take me on now. Who can blame them? If I ask you something Laura, do you promise to tell the truth? I will try. Am I bad luck, or am I just bad? Minnie, you aren't bad! Wouldn't it be better for Miss Lane, wouldn't it be better for the whole world if I just vanished? Come closer, Minnie. Now look at me. What have you to say for yourself, girl? Let me thank you for the chance you have given me, Ma'am. I would say I am sorry but I know that all you want is to have me out of your sight. You were playing with the dress, weren't you? I was, Ma'am. My mother's dress. She wore it on the greatest day of her life and she kept it safe for all these years, for me. You knew that, Minnie. I warned you not to play with it again and you chose to ignore me. You put your own selfish pleasures before anything and anyone else. Can't you see, it's not just a bible, it's not just a dress? Have you no respect for the love that is in these things? No. You can't see. No-one has ever taught you respect. No-one has ever taught you love. I am not going to send you away, Minnie. I took you on, and that means you are one of us now. It is not your fault that you weren't ready for the burdens I put upon you. You need to be taught, so that is what we will do. I intend to scold you when you deserve to be scolded. I may at times be unforgiving. But I will never turn you out. The Post Office is your home. Do you understand that? I do, Ma'am. Good. Now get out of my sight. My father said there were two kinds of men in the world. The ones who left, and the ones who stayed. Mr Dowland, I was suddenly taken by the most wonderful notion to renew the Post Office. Inspired indeed. I am teeming with ideas for it. I have hardly slept. Don't you think it is rather daring of me? I do. I often wondered, as I observed Miss Lane, if there were two kinds of women. The ones who married... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 