Lark Rise to Candleford: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lark Rise to Candleford 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lark Rise to Candleford (2008–2011): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Dorcas Lane is apt to say that all secrets are bound to come out in Candleford and that seems to be the case with Mrs. Macey. She's been living in the village for five years with her son Freddy, who is a bit of a hellion. Her story has always been that her husband is a valet and away traveling. The truth is that her husband, Dan Macey, has been in prison but a letter brings her shocking news that is soon spread to every corner of the village. Caroline Arless has a date in court when she fails to pay for the barrel of beer she bought. With no husband, no money and another baby on the way, few are convinced that she will land anywhere but in debtors' prison. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Miss Lane once said that every secret eventually sees the light of day in Candleford. We had no idea of the length that Mrs Macey would go to, to protect her son from her own troubled past. Oozin'! Simply oozin' with goodness. Or what a Lark Rise son might do to try and save his mother from herself. She'll have a Sunday off soon, now she's settled in. - How much, Jerry? - Penny each. You'll need to fix your prices closer to the size of a Lark Rise purse. I tell you what I'll do. I'll give you three whoppers for tuppence. Mrs Caroline Arless? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm herself, and simply oozin' with goodness. I'm here on behalf of Her Majesty the Queen to serve you with a summons for the non-payment of debts. You took the beer, you drank it, and now you're going to pay for it. Well, since you're here, can you lend me tuppence till I treat my little uns to a fish dinner? Mrs Arless, you are hereby called to appear before Sir Timothy Midwinter at Candleford Court in seven days' time. And you won't step a foot outside of the debtors' prison till every penny is settled. Episode 2 Transcript: Evarin Transcript UK Sync: Moochie www.seriessub.com Shock of it might've done for a weaker man's heart. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What more can I say, but 'I'm sorry,' Thomas? It was an accident. Is it an accident the rascal has no father to keep him in hand? A gentleman's gentleman must go where his master travels. God intended for boys to have fathers, Mrs Macey. When there is none, the devil gets to work. Well, I say there ain't no husband and there weren't one when she turned up five years ago with that child in tow. And no wonder with a face as sour as that! Lips like a hen's backside. Struck down on the street for the whole town to see. hat's an affront tothe very uniform. It was a child's prank, Thomas, not an assault on the post office. The boy's a miscreant, something ought to be done with him. Zillah, the counter has been spoiled with you enough for today. And Mrs Macey's face isn't sour, it's sad. Yes, ma'am. And anyone who cares to look can see that Freddy is not a miscreant... He simply needs a little guidance. Freddy! - 'My dearest, dear Caroline'. - Oh, 'Dearest dear' is good. He always had a honey tongue on him, my Walter. It's no wonder I spend half my life pregnant. 'The seas have been kind to us, and we've made swift passage'. Oh, just get to where he says when he'll be home again! 'My darlin' dear, I've signed myself up for another passage to Australia,' 'so I won't be setting eyes on you for another six months and more.' I'm sorry, Mrs Arless. - Would you like me to continue reading? - No, that's all right, little Laura. I never let such things worry me before, and I don't intend to start now. Mrs Arless, I was sorry to hear your news. Well, you won't catch me with my face under my feet about it. I've a thing to tell 'em, which means it won't come to no court. There's a disturbed mind that can dream up a creature like that, I say. It's the Wood Tree Man. It's boys for you! My brother's always imagining such things. That's for you, Laura. To hang up in your room, by your bed. Let's see how natural that is looking down at you in the dead of night, young miss! Oh, Freddy, you haven't been in the woods again, have you? Come on, let's get you in the bath. There's young Freddy, there. There's no-one to keep that boy in hand. A mother's a fine thing. It's all too obvious Mrs Macey's not up to the task. What woman is? The little man can only get worse with no father around to give him a proper steer on life. Perhaps, Thomas... you could do that for him? Me? Nah, that's not my place to go meddling in... That ain't my responsibility. I suppose I could be an example to the boy. 'Tis a noble endeavour to pass on some discipline and devotion to a child. It's not everyone has the moral character to impart it, is it? I'll see what I can do. Good morning. If you're tied up, ladies, perhaps I should call back later. I was only after a few inches of lace. Miss Lane, I wonder whether I might ask your advice? Which of these should I purchase? Oh, blue! I always seem to dream more exotic dreams in blue. But the blue is so plain. I require something altogether more alluring. Then you must go for the purple, Your Ladyship, and leave myself and Miss Pearl and Miss Ruby with our exotic dreams. Isn't that so, ladies? I can't read them. What do they mean? What it means, Alf, is that when your ma goes to court, there's a real chance they'll send her to the debtors' prison. What are we gonna do, Mr Timmins? Her only hope is to take some money along to the court with her, offer a payment and promise to keep the instalments coming. But she ain't got no money. You make sure you keep your wages from her until you get to the court. At least that's something. My rheumatism don't like this damp night air. Couldn't we fetch the last few buckets in the morning? That needs to be collected in the moonlight, you old duffer. - Good night, Laura. - Good night, ma'am. Looking at Caroline's heartache and Mrs Macey's troubles with Freddy, both of them cos of the man they married, I don't think I should want a husband at all, like you, Miss Lane. Who ever chooses to fall in love, Laura? Now then, when we walk down the street, Freddy, what do we want people to think when they look upon us? Respect. They must say to themselves, 'There goes a man!' So we must hold ourselves upright. That's a good lad, yep. Keep yourself up. Keep your back straight. Not like that. Nice and straight... Up, up... Morning, ladies. When your neighbours have a nose for scandal, the fear in your eyes is enough to arouse the suspicions. It's Dan... my husband. Come inside. We'll discuss this in private. Laura, please tell Zillah she is to go upstairs and turn my room out. It's from the prison authorities. Dan has escaped. Oh, this is a sorry kettle of fish. It's unheard of to do upstairs work in the morning. I'm in a bit of a fix, Laura. Mrs Macey won't be able to take her letters out. I don't know what I shall do about today's delivery. Perhaps, if you thought I could manage it, - might I have a try, ma'am? - What a good idea! Mrs Macey will need our support. As you heard, she has had some bad news concerning her husband. I thought he was abroad? He may have been at one time, but not any more. Put this letter into Sir Timothy's private post bag to take with you. And Laura, I know I can count on you to keep what you witness to yourself? Yes, ma'am. Right... There. Yeah, that's grand. There... Mrs Macey's troubles had somehow become a blessing for me. I knew on that first morning delivering the post, that I had found my place in the world. You get your dog away from me! The sign there says, 'No trespassers'. I can read. I meant no harm. The blossom's so beautiful around here. All the enclosures are barred. You're not supposed to pick flowers on Sir Timothy's estate. I had no idea that picking flowers was a hanging offence in these parts. Let me give them back to you. Well, it's just the pheasants are still sittin'... and it's my job, as assistant gamekeeper, to see that they're not disturbed. Then I shan't disturb you or your pheasants any longer. Well, it's just... There'sjust too much laxity round here. Too much laxity? No wonder you need such a fierce dog I had to sever all contact. I did it for Freddy's sake. What would it do to the poor child to know what his father had done? Do you suppose Dan has escaped in order to find Freddy? No, that's not possible. He had no idea we moved to Candleford. You've had no contact with him? - No-one in your family? - No... I have kept in touch with his sister. Dan has escaped and put himself into terrible trouble. He must have a reason, and I think we must believe that the reason is Freddy. You're quite a boy, Freddy. Your father must be proud of you, is he? My pa's a gentleman's gentleman and he's travelling all around the world. Is that right? Where is he now, then? Ma says he's catching tigers in Spain, which is a very long way away. That's right, it is. Quite a man, your pa, ain't he? Ma says he'll come home and tell me all about his adventures and bring me presents from all over the world. You're a lucky boy to have such a pa as that. Why are you hiding? You get some strange folks in the woods, Freddy. Best to keep out of view till you know they're not villains, eh? I can't face telling Freddy. I can't do it. Perhaps you could think of it as a kindness. It s not easy, I know, but under the circumstances, it could be best to prepare him for whatever might follow. - Good Morning, Mrs Arless. - That's a merry bit of luck, Sir, you being on the road here as I'm on my way to the post office. - And why's that? - Because of who I am, Sir, and who you are. And me coming into your court this next week. - Mrs Arless... - Only since we've happened to meet like this and... you can see the way of things with me, what the child coming and all... I'm sorry, Mrs Arless, but if you were hoping to discuss your case... Oh, no, Sir! Not discuss nothing, no. But, as I'm so close to my time... It would be improper of me to enter into any conversation with you. Yes, Sir, no Sir. But now you've seen I'm expecting, I can't go to prison, so there'll be no need of a hearing. Whatever you have to say about the charges, and any mitigating circumstance, you will have your chance to do so at the appropriate place. The court room. Good day to you. Walk on. What I'm gonna pass on to you, Freddy, is a priceless treasure. Sit yourself down there. Now then... - That's the Wood Tree Man. - Yes, yes. The reason you're getting yourself into fights, and every manner of trouble, is that you lack direction. You have no faith to guide you... - He hides in the woods. - Are you paying attention? We are hereto enlighten you, not to waste time on such... grim fantasies. Now... prayer. The Lord Jesus Christ taught us how to pray. It must be something quite terrible since dear Mrs Macey came hurrying into the post office in such a... Well... ... a hurry. And looking so frightfully fearful of whatever it was. How considerate of you, Miss Pearl, Miss Ruby, to come enquiring after Mrs Macey in such a... Well, a hurry. And her bringing up the boy all on her own these past five years... If we could be of any assistance... With whatever the trouble was. How neighbourly, indeed! But we already have all the help we require. Was it stamps that you wanted today, ladies? Er, yes. Miss Lane had taught me that the post office was the keeper of local secrets. I was about to learn that some of them were our own. Perhaps you would like to go home on Sunday? Can I? I was going to suggest it anyway. And I need you to continue with Mrs Macey's round for a while longer. You will have to ask your parents' permission. Is her husband ill, ma'am? I'm afraid Dan Macey is not, and never has been, a gentleman's gentleman. He was a bookmaker. I have Mrs Macey's permission to tell you this, Laura. These past five years, Dan Macey has been in prison. And we must tell anyone who enquires about Mrs Macey that her mother is unwell. Do you understand? Of course, Miss Lane. What did he do? That's the bottom and the top of it. Caroline's going to jail and ain't nothing to be done. Well... we'll see about that. Ma, why does Queenie get her water from the stream in the woods? She'll be making her mead. Beekeepers have secret recipes. Why do they? Because when Queenie was taught how to make mead, there were ways of concocting the recipe that can put a spell on it. Course, that's only superstition. For a man to be locked away in prison for nearly five years... It must have been a most despicable crime, mustn't it, Sir Timothy? It's not the kind of penalty I deal out at my monthly assizes. It would have been the darkest of deeds, wouldn't you say, Sir Timothy? Miss Ruby, Miss Pearl, why in heaven would you trouble your unblemished minds with such disagreeable considerations? It seems our local churchgoers have been plucking at Mrs Macey's feathers this morning. Yes, I'm afraid it's on everyone's lips, Dorcas. They've established that Mr Macey is in prison, but that's all they know. We should have realised that every secret eventually sees the light of day in Candleford. How do you think word got out? I've told no-one about it, only Laura. Well, she is young. You might like to add a lemon there, Queenie, or a few bay leaves for the taste. Folk who add any old thing to honey don't deserve to keep bees. You just keep your eye on the lane, make sure no-one comes. I know what's to go in here. just smelling that makes a fella thirsty. Do you suppose your last brew of mead is ready yet, Queenie, my dear? Oh! I only want a sup for my rheumatism. No magic charm's going to waste on a wastrel like you. I know who's in need of that first sip. Caroline! Now, Lizzie... ... you know where Alf's hid his wages, don't you? You tell your ma where it is. Your ma knows best. A good dance always cheers me up. This Wood Tree Man... ... he isn't make-believe, is he? Bees, bees, look who's coming! Boy! Ain't you grown, gal? That'll be all that fine Candleford food they're feeding you. Good morning, Mrs Turrill. I was Queenie before you left and I'm Queenie now. Ain't no call for airs and graces here, gal. - Pa! - Why, Laura! Laura! - Quite the prodigal daughter. - Ethel! - Nothing seems to have changed. - Why should it change? We haven't killed a fatted calf, we hadn't one handy, but your mother's cooked her best fowl to a turn, especially for you. I expect you're used to better than a bit of poultry now. Miss Lane is especially fond of the best food, so there's always treats on the table. We sit and read together in the evenings. You wouldn't believe someone could have so many books. So is it all the bettermost people that come into your post office? One gentleman farmer asked Miss Lane, 'Where's that charming young gal of yours today?' 'Charmingyoung gal', now there's something! And Miss Lane takes buttermilk baths, and puts petals in her face water. That must be pleasant for her. And you'd say if the work was hard on you? I'm enjoying it so much, Ma. I'm learning such a lot from Miss Lane. I'm glad to hear it. - And I've being doing a delivery. - A postal round?! One ofthe postwomen is unable to work due to a family tragedy, - so I took out the letters. - On your own? Miss Lane sent you out with the delivery? And I finished on time. Miss Lane was very pleased with me, so she said that I could continue, but I'm to ask your permission. Well, I don't think that will be possible, Laura. You're too young. You're just a girl. She's helping Miss Lane out in an emergency, Emma. Yes, I understand that. But you can't carry on with it after the end ofthe week, Laura. But I enjoyed it so much, Ma. You're my daughter, and I have given you my answer. I've given you my reasons, and that is what you will tell Miss Lane. We don't need to sit here bickering. I mean, listen to that! You can fetch Alfie and we'll have a bit of a tune. - Bye. - Bye, lad. Alice? You go away, and you leave us alone. I shall tell them you were here. Do you understand? I shall send them after you. Alice... Alice! Alice! I can't bear what I did to you and Freddy. I can't bear not having the chance to tell you how sorry I am. Come on, Alfie. You always love to play for us. How's it going to help your ma for you to be feeling so downhearted on her behalf? Where'd you get jumped-up talk like that from? And why are you snapping at me when all I want is for you to join me? I'm only home for today. I'd enjoy it more if you were there. Come on, Alfie... for me? Let's have some more beer! There you are. - More beer! - What have you done? - Oh... - The money's gone, ain't it? My wages... ... gone on beer! - Well... y-y-you... - They'll lock you away for certain. Why couldn't you have just waited? Why? Why should I take a care, eh? What have I got, but a few words on a piece of paper? I've got another little one on the way and no man at my side. Come on, Lizzie, come on. That's not all lost. Candleford might have their modern laws and their courts, but we Lark Rise folk have still got the old country ways. I can't say no more, but this, your ma will have the benefit of things beyond this world working on her side. I didn't know how much I missed the feel of your breath on my face. When I feel your eyes on me it's like no time has passed. Nothing else matters. Being here with you... I could forget our troubles... for a moment. It was always that way, wasn't it? You talk and I lose sight ofthe truth. But it does matter. This moment isn't enough. - Alice! - No, no. I must think of Freddy. Why could you not just leave us alone?! You think I haven't tortured myself with that question every morning when I open my eyes? Freddy can't go his whole life without knowing. You fill his head with lies, you tell him his pa is that man in the photograph. Well, I'm not, am I? Not any more. Freddy was stood here talking to his father, and he didn't know who I was. Now I've lost my son, - so I might as well tell him the truth. - No. No, you must go. You leave us alone. She ain't got the money to offer the courts now. That's likely the end of it. But Pa, can't you go down there with her, explain the way things are with Mrs Arless? And you suppose I can afford to lose a day's wages? What's Caroline to lose? And Alf? And the little ones? You always brought me up to believe in the importance of being folks together. My own words coming back at me, huh? I might've known you'd get too smart for me, all those books you've been devouring. I'll talk to your ma about it. That's all I can promise. What've I done? What have I ever done? Oh, Laura, the most awful thing has come about. Poor Mrs Macey! It's all over the town about her husband. So I came here to warn you... Well, ask you. You don't know how this might've happened, do you? There you are. So fresh he'll just about jump in the pot and pull the lid down on himself. Poor fellow. Did he make the mistake of showing too much laxity? I should have apologised for my dog charging up on you like that. Your dog wasn't nearly as rude as his owner. But since your peace-offering is just about my favourite dish, I expect I'll get over it. Good. Well, I'll be sure and tell Sir Timothy that. Our squire regularly sends one over for Miss Lane. Jugged hare is her one weakness. - Miss Lane, about Mrs Macey's round... - Thank you, Zillah. I did sleep well last night. Feather pillows are my one weakness. - I spoke with my ma... - That will have to wait, Laura. I have a somewhat more serious consideration to address. I've been waiting for your return so I could raise this matter. I would like to say that, unfortunately, there is no longer any need for me to keep up this pretence about Mrs Macey. It seems her secret is out. And I am sorry to say that it can only have been revealed by someone in this household. Would any of you care to comment on this? Laura... did you discuss this matter with anyone? - No, ma'am. - Ma'am, I-I-I... I believe I may know something about how this unhappy circumstance came about. Go on. Well, I... I overheard you and the young miss discussing Mrs Macey's distressing circumstance. And you happened to tell half the town about it? Oh, no, Miss Lane. I wasjust having a word or two with one of the neighbours, and, erm, then it was on the lips of every heartless gossip in Candleford, ma'am. You can take this food away. I've lost my appetite. I shall have to consider what I am to say to poor Mrs Macey. And I will need to decide about your position here, Zillah. Oh, Caroline... The thing I can't seem to get clear in my head is, do I tell the little uns what this all means? It'll be a shock to them if you just vanish and Alf has to tell them what's happened to you. But that'll put fear in their little heads, if I tell 'em. And things might still turn out... somehow. No-one here will let your children go to sleep without a bite to eat, Caroline. Why do I do it, Emma? Other wives have men who go away to work and they don't go looking for ruin round every corner. Why do I have to do this to my babies? Morning, ladies. - Thank you and good day. - Good day. Miss Ruby, Miss Pearl, I have come to ask for your assistance on a rather delicate matter. How can we possibly be of help to you, Miss Lane? What I was hoping was, since Mrs Macey has been suffering such a difficult time, it occurred to me you might make a show of friendship to her. And why would we do that? Your sensitivity, as esteemed members of the community, would make a very good example to the rest of the town. Do you think so, Dorcas? I'm sure your respected position would guarantee it. And little Freddy will need some compassion from all of us. The child can hardly be held to blame, can he? You are right, to say we must consider our good name in this matter, Miss Lane. How would our clientele look upon us publicly condoning a brutal criminal? But Mrs Macey has committed no crime. Her husband is locked up and the woman has deliberately concealed it from those of us who trusted her. Perhaps she was afraid her neighbours would not show her the understanding she and her child might need. Or is it more likely she wished to hide her own shame? If there shame to be found in Candleford, I assure you it has not been brought on us by Mrs Macey. Is that so? And is it something to be proud of, marrying a murderer? Manslaughter, if I may be allowed to correct you. It is my belief, ladies, that the worse the crime, the more dreadful the circumstances are, the more Mrs Macey deserves our backing. How much more respectful it would have been had you not turned your nose up at us when we came to you to you to offer our help. I remember, ma'am, when this was your room. How many times have I sat here to dry your tears? It's Little Freddy's tears that must concern us now. Would you like me to get on with the jugged hare, ma'am? Zillah's jugged hare'll put flesh on your bones. I suppose it should be cooked. Whether I have an appetite for it is another matter. Why do you think I made this life here? Do you think I wanted this? Do you think I wanted all the secrets and the pretence and the constant fear? I did it for Freddy. But you've made it impossible and our life in Candleford is in ruins. There's no hiding it any more. Freddy's gonna find out. You're going to move away again. Do I have a choice? I can't let that happen, I can't bear the thought. I have to go. I love my son. And I love you, Alice. Well, you threw away the right to that love when you killed a man. It's no wonder the boy's always in trouble, his father a criminal, locked up for five years and more. A murderer... The boy's known nothing of his father, Thomas, so, er, how's he been an influence on him? I'm only saying, I'm only thinking, I'm only wondering... Is it in the blood? Well, maybe we should run the boy out of town. What do you think, Thomas? Mud on your boots there, Freddy. Come on, let me show you how to clean them up good. Miss Lane, I saw Mrs Macey out in the woods today, and there was something about her that struck me as odd. I just thought I should tell you. Thank you, Laura. You were right to tell me. What is it, ma'am? Whatever it is, I expect it will come to light soon enough. We must trust that, whatever struggles Mrs Macey is going through, - She will find a way out of them. - Yes, ma'am. Zillah has been with me for many years. I would not care to lose her. But it will do her conscience the world of good to make her wait a little while before I let her off the hook. That's it. And spit... Brush. Spit... Brush. When we're done, they're gonna shine like ninepence. A man is not a man without a polish on his boots that puts the very stars to shame. You're a good lad. Spit... Brush. Tell your ma she's to come now. Queenie's waiting for her. - Miss Lane? - Come in. Please, sit down. I wanted to thank you for everything that you have done for Freddy and me... ... but I have decided that we must leave Candleford. When will you go? - Tomorrow morning. - So suddenly? I won't have my child pointed at, or talked about like that. I won't do it to him. Of course. You must do what's best for him. If there's anything I can do to help you... That's not what you truly think, is it? You have no idea what this feels like. This could destroy Freddy. What his father has done and what the whole town is saying about him... You have no idea what it feels like. No, I don't. I have no right to judge you. But I know that you went out into the woods. I know that. I know you are in a great deal of torment. But I believe with all my heart that moving to another town will not relieve you of your terrible burden. I saw him, in the woods. He's here. I spoke with him. He only wants to see his family. It's all my doing because... I broke off all contact, I... I wanted to be done with the past, but now it won't let me be. What can I do now? What can I do? Face this. All of it, as a family. You must make Dan face this. Whoever takes the first drink from a new batch of mead, there's no bad luck can touch you for a whole day, the clock round. And with you going to court tomorrow, Caroline... Here you are. Sup it up. Look what you done, you duffer! Is that bad luck now? That's the charm of it gone upside down, for certain it is. Here, look. There's still a few drops left in it. Oh, you drink that up, Caroline. That's better than nothing. That's Macey! That's him, all right. It's her husband, the murderer! Come through to the kitchen, Dan. I dare say you are in need of a hot drink. Is the water boiling, Zillah? Laura, run to the manor and fetch Sir Timothy. - Tell him Miss Lane said it's urgent. - Yes, ma'am. Laura, dear, who was that? Is that poor Mrs Macey's husband? Perhaps you would like to clean up and shave, Dan? Where's Freddy? Thomas has taken Freddy out on his round. How are we gonna do this? How are we gonna tell him? It seems, ladies and gentlemen, that the post office is closed. Perhaps you could call back this afternoon. Mr Macey, am I correct to understand you wish to surrender yourself to be held here in Candleford until the prison authorities in Dartmoor can be notified? I'm here, aren't I? I will ensure they know that you willingly gave yourself up and ask for that to be taken into account. - Miss Lane, could you send a telegram? - Of course. There is a holding cell at the court house, if you would care to walk across there with me. But what about Freddy, I want to see Freddy! You WILL see Freddy. Well, I don't want him to see me in no cell! As you saw, Mr Macey, there is quite a crowd gathering outside. We can't let him come here like this. We have no choice, Dan. And so Dan Macey did as Miss Lane had asked. He walked through our town, he faced his shame. And, for some, nothing would ever be the same again. I spied him first, you see? That's him. Why have they taken him to the court house? Well... a long time ago, er... when you were no more than a baby, your father got himself into some trouble and... ... they put him into prison. He hasn't been abroad as I told you, he hasn't been in Spain. I'm sorry I didn't tell you the truth, Freddy. I... I was trying to protect you. It was wrong of me to do that because I... I've made things worse now. Freddy... your father has been held in a prison for all those years, but he escaped. He came here because he wanted to see you. He put himself into great danger. He must love you very much. - He ain't my pa! - Freddy... He ain't my pa! Give him a little while to find his own way. And how many payments has Mrs Arless made, Mr Hales? Not a one, Your Honour. And I called on her no less than on seven occasions, Sir. And on the few times I did manage to locate Mrs Arless, she made vague excuses about waiting for a postal order and promised to make a payment 'next week'. He won't see you. I've only made things worse for the boy. I told myself I came back to show you how sorry I was, but the truth of it is, I only concerned myself with what I wanted, to see him... to see you. You're too hard on yourself, Dan. A father's entitled to want to see his boy. What will you do now, Alice? Will you vanish again once they've taken me away? I shall have to see what this does to Freddy. I just want to get his little head on the pillow tonight, that's as much as I can think about. If I promise never to look for you again, if I could give you that, if I could give you anything... If I promise with all my heart, and you could believe it... Your father will be taken away tomorrow, Freddy. I think he deserves a chance to ask for your forgiveness. I believe that's why he came all this way. I know it's a lot to ask of a boy, but could you give him that? Mrs Arless, why did you buy the beer if you knew you could not afford to pay for it? I was brought up to respect my betters, Sir. And this gentle fellow here is a clever Oxford man with an expensive suit of clothes. Now if a man with all his schooling in numbers and such tells a simple gal like me, Sir, that I CAN afford his beer, well, who am I to tell him he's wrong? Having taken the beer, you made no attempt to pay the money that you owed. That's cos they made it so tasty, Your Lordship, Sir. The deliciousness of it had me coming back for more. And the more I drank, the more I forgot my worries... Beer does that for you, Sir. I only wish they hadn't made it so enjoyable and then I might've paid for it! Did you not think it irresponsible, Mrs Arless, for a mother of so many children to spend your money on ale? That's why I didn't pay for it, Sir. If my children see me worrying, that has them worrying. And no good mother would want that, would she, Sir? So, see, if the beer makes me happy, that makes them happy, to see me happy. What would you rather my children had, Sir, a downhearted mother, or a merry one? I would rather they had a mother at liberty to take care of them and not locked up for bad debts. What is it, Mrs Arless? It's the distress of it all, Sir. It's brought the baby on, Your Lordship, Sir. I will not have you ridicule this court with your sorry dramatics, Mrs Arless. I no more believe your labour than I do your reasons for buying the beer. I'll wait for you upstairs. Who started the fight? He started it, Freddy. But it don't make it any better, what I did. I could tell you what happened. Tell you it all, so that you know, if that's what you want. It was a public-house quarrel that led to blows. He struck me, so I took my fist to him. I knocked him down. I wanted to hurt him. That's all I knew, that's all that mattered to me. I let my anger rule me, see? I waited for him to come back at me, but he didn't. He couldn't. He lay there, all blood and fear... and I watched that man die before me. That's my shame, Freddy. I got to live with that. I don't expect you to forgive me or that you'll understand it. I'm just glad that you know it all, so you can decide whether you want me as your pa or not. Sir, may I be allowed to speak? Those of us who know Mrs Arless, Sir, believe that it's her big heart that is her weakness. She cares for her children, Sir, sees them fed before anything else, always has a fire halfway up the chimney to keep them warm. Yes, but the debts before us today, Mr Timmins, are not for coal. They are for beer. Well, Sir, you see, Mrs Arless's husband is away at sea and... though she won't like to admit it, she misses him sorely. Her neighbours tend to think this is the cause of her recklessness. She's no rogue, Sir. She means well. Her son has managed to raise a few pounds for her to pay today, and... if the court were to write to Mr Arless then... the brewery could get their money. It is not the business of the court to manage Mrs Arless's domestic affairs. My duty is to justice. As far as I can see, Sir, Mrs Arless's greatest crime was to be born poor and simple. Mr Timmins, I will decide what the crimes are before this court. And she was easily tricked, Sir, by this salesman's slippery words. And I will decide what is appropriate evidence. You are dismissed. I will now retire to consider my judgment. It's all right. It's all right. I have made my judgment, based on the facts. I cannot allow myself to be manipulated by the emotions in this case. Mrs Arless, I find you to be feckless and foolish. You wilfully took on a debt you could not possibly afford. If you could not pay then I ask myself, did you truly intend to pay? But if Mrs Arless is wanton, then I find the brewery to be still more careless, indeed, more calculating than she is. It will not wash for you to claim the moral high ground here, Sir. Any company with a conscience would have a care who it was they were pressing into debt with their salesman's slippery words to buy beer! Such a seductive crutch at a time of difficulty. The slightest investigation on your part would have revealed that Mrs Arless was already badly in arrears, but that was of no concern to you. I look poorly on those who blithely take on debts, but I look severely on these modern sales-techniques that weave a spell on the poor, to buy goods they cannot afford. I have decided that it is my duty to teach the brewery a lesson, therefore I reject your bid to have Mrs Arless imprisoned. I have not yet concluded my judgment! Mrs Arless, you are fortunate to have a son to raise a few pounds for you at the eleventh hour, and a neighbour to speak so eloquently on your behalf. You will pay nine pence a week until the debt is cleared. I strongly advise you take a care what debts you take on in future. You may consider yourself on parole. If I see you before me again, you will be punished... severely. Court dismissed. Thank you, Pa, for speaking for Mrs Arless. I wish I could say that was the end of it. I spoke to your ma about you doing the postal round, Laura. She has decided that I know best, I agree with her! You tell Miss Lane you're ready to start. For all her troubles and her failings, no-one could dislike Mrs Arless, however much she might offend their taste. She was so overflowing with life and good nature. Alf had given up something so dear to him to raise a few shillings to rescue his mother. But my father was right, Mrs Arless's troubles were far from over. The hare is jugged whenever your appetite returns, Miss Lane. I don't know that I could live without Zillah's jugged hare. Bye, Matthew. Mrs Macey and Freddy left us soon afterwards. - Goodbye. Safe journey. - Goodbye, Miss Lane. They went to live in Dartmoor, to be closer to Freddy's father. - Bye, Thomas. - Good luck, now. People still called it 'Mrs Macey's delivery', but it was mine now. Taking me out into the world every day, so that I could come to know these people, and count most of them as my friends. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 