Lark Rise to Candleford: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lark Rise to Candleford 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lark Rise to Candleford (2008–2011): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 A new postal inspector, Mr. Rushton, arrives in Candleford to conduct the annual inspection. It's the man's first visit and his no-nonsense approach does not sit well with Dorcas Lane, who is convinced he doesn't approve of a woman running a postal station. Rushton insists that Thomas, who has been asked to preach a Sunday sermon, collect the mail that day as required by regulations. Laura makes a great error when she misplaces the Pratt sisters' much-anticipated parcel. Lady Midwinter thinks she might be pregnant. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ma'am? Ma'am, 'tisn't him, 'tisn't him! It's not Mr Drinkwater! I would like to speak with the Postmaster, Mr Lane. There is no Master. There is a Mistress. That is me. Dorcas Lane. My name is Rushton. I am here to conduct an unannounced audit. Then, please, do come through, Mr Rushton. We usually have the pleasure of Arnold Drinkwater. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So I see. Mr Drinkwater is taken ill. I'm not sure I can conduct a spot check under these circumstances. If you would prefer to come back and surprise us tomorrow, I could put all of the ledgers away. A Post Office inspection is not a cause for frivolity, Miss Lane. Mr Drinkwater has been inspecting us since my father's day. I'm glad to say we've always found a little time for frivolity amongst the serious business of making sure that the pennies were in good order. Well, these days we must take a more modern and efficient approach. Since I am here, I will go ahead with the audit. Some nice hot tea, sir, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - after your tiresome journey? - No thank you. It might be considered an enticement. I am paid by the Post Office to come here for a purpose. If I might be left alone now to examine the books. Miss Ellison. There was some mail you were anxiously awaiting? No. It is you. Would you consider... what I mean is, I have my father's consent. You speak so passionately. What I mean is, perhaps you would... Would you? You must be wondering why I am full of good cheer today. It's no mystery. There's only two things make Thomas Brown chirp, and that's God and cakes. - So what is it, Thomas? - The Lord has called me. Well, that's a relief, cos I'm not making any cakes today. God has asked Thomas Brown to carry His message. Does Miss Lane know you're leaving to take up the cloth? - You're leaving us? - You know full well what I mean. I have been asked to lead a service as a lay preacher this coming Sunday! I ought to be finished work on the school today. Reverend Ellison pays in full and on time, even you have to grant him that. And so he should, for a job well done. - What's that for? - You'll never know. How's a man supposed to face a three-mile walk with that on his lips? There's your answer. Do you have any post for Sir Timothy this morning, Laura? I have, but that's at the end of my round. We could walk together if you go the other way round? No. I can't! I mustn't. Come on! Zillah said he called it "an enticement". A cup of tea? It's a slur on the good name of Candleford. It's an affront to your own estimation, Miss Lane. I take no offence, ladies. It's only right and proper that an inspector should remain untouchable. How green they are... ... the fields. It's like they're dreaming in the sunshine, waiting for a future they know nothing of. Don't mind me, Philip. It's just my way. I'd better deliver my post, or Miss Lane will be giving me one of her looks. - Oi, give that bag to me! - You've got to catch me first! - The rheumatism... - Weren't no rheumatism last night, when you was hopping round the Wagon and Horses at the hint of a fiddle. I'll take the nuts out tomorrow. The sniff of a few shillings is more'n I'll ever get out of you, you slack critter. Now, get to Candleford and don't come home till you've sold all them nuts! You seem to be finished the work we asked you to do, Mr Timmins. To your satisfaction I hope, Miss Ellison. Yes, indeed, but... the decoration... I hope we have not misled you about the extent of the assignment? - I hear what you're saying. - Because... My father would never undertake... If you follow. You won't find me asking any more than the price we agreed. What can I do for you, Amos? All I'm after is to see how lovely you're looking today, Miss Lane. And to pass a morning hour. I'm sure Zillah will have the water boiling. You'll need to put it high. That's it. To the left. That's it. Straight? I'm not sure if this one is straight. No, that one's not straight. "For the fashion of this world passeth away", Corinthians, Chapter 7. Morning cake. My one weakness. How did you come to be Postmistress here, Miss Lane? Do you mean how did a woman come to be in charge? It is rather... unexpected. That very much depends upon your expectations. I inherited from my father. I seemed to have a natural instinct for it. I'm not sure that what I've witnessed here is a well-oiled business. We are not highly trained in order to waste valuable time "passing a morning hour". A Post Office is more than the dispensing of stamps and postal orders. It is the soul of the community. You may want to write in the bottom of your report that I love my work. Do you suppose there will be room in your report for love, Mr Rushton? - Good morning, Laura. - It certainly is not. I'm sorry, Alf. It's just I've lost a parcel. I'm in terrible trouble - if I don't find it. - Well, then we'll have to find it. It could be anywhere on the whole of my round. Then we'll look along the whole round. If I don't get back, Miss Lane will be asking where I've been. Well, you get back and I'll look. I'm all done digging ditches for the day. Oh, Alfie, what would I do without you? Seems a fine purpose to pass a fine morning. Well, go on then. And the next time you see me, I'll have your parcel in my hands for you. I hope you're not seeking to provoke the man, are you, Dorcas? He needs no provocation. I can see it in his eyes that what he objects to is a woman in my position. He is one of those men who wants a woman in her place, Iooking after the food and her dresses and decorating the house. Well, the man's a fool as well as a porcupine. Sir Timothy, I wasn't aware you were such a modern thinker. I'm not saying I approve of a woman running the Post Office. I'm saying I enjoy it. They are not at all the same thing. As I am sure most of your customers might agree. But not nearly so convincingly. All that Mr Rushton will achieve today, is to miss out on Zillah's prize-winning pastry. You seem to be enjoying this flirtation with danger. There is something about him which makes me want to vex him. Your confidence makes me nervous. Can't you show at least a sprinkling of concern? That would be quite pointless. And false-hearted, since I pay a private auditor to check the books Iong before a Post Office inspector even thinks of coming from Oxford each year. Laura! I shouldn't have walked with you this morning, Philip. It was only a walk. I had a parcel for the Pratt sisters and I should have delivered it first - and now it's gone. - You must have dropped it, that's all. We'll go back over your route. If it was anyone else, I'd be in trouble, but the Pratts... I'm bound to lose my position at the Post Office. We won't let that happen. I'll find it for you. Thank you, Philip. I'd best be getting back. Hello, Mr McCarthy, Mr O'Grady... What you doing round here? Passing the time of day. What are you doing? Just wandering about. I hope you're not straying on to private land? - I ain't. - Well, don't. I won't. Miss Lane is something of a blithe spirit. It's easy to misinterpret her chaffing for animosity. I am here, sir, to assess the lady's performance and integrity, that is all. You can't believe there's anything untoward? You can see the kind of woman she is? What I see, sir, is a woman who refuses to take my authority seriously. If I might offer a piece of advice, Mr Rushton, don't let Dorcas provoke you into taking her on. There's more to her than the feminine charms you see before you. I appreciate your counsel, Sir Timothy. Please don't concern yourself on my behalf. Whatever Miss Lane may get up to, I will be a match for her. We thought invitations to the finest ladies from Bicester to Banbury would enhance the anticipation. Perhaps it might be best to wait until your parcel arrives? Oh, no, Miss Lane, there is no time. The whole point is for us to be seen to be exclusive. And we have every faith in you, Miss Lane. Every faith! Morning! Nuts! Nuts! Roasted, toasted! Tastier than a hung pheasant. Nuts! Robert, why do you take such dedicated care with your work? A man can take pride in his craft, can't he? You may call it a man's pride, but what I see is Divine Love. I don't doubt that you do, Thomas Brown. "And let them give it to the doers of the work" "which is in the house of the Lord," "to repair the breaches of the house!" Miss Ellison. Have a good day. I notice that you have yet to implement the new Sunday collection. We don't have the staff to do it. You have the Senior Postman. - What is he called? - Thomas Brown. Thomas has other commitments on a Sunday, I'm afraid. Has he refused to do it? We discussed it when the notification came through... We make these initiatives in order to improve our service. We certainly don't want to be held back by unenlightened attitudes. If Brown objects, then Head Office might consider it a dereliction of his duties. Thomas has worked for us for many years and I have never had cause to question his dedication. I will speak to him myself, get to the ABC of the matter. The ABC of the matter is right before our eyes. He is a devout Christian. Why must you continually rub up against my authority? I am the Inspector! And I intend to impose my will here. I warned the Mistress's grandfather about that and it's still a menace. That well was never covered up properly. There's a peril awaiting some poor, unsuspecting soul to vanish. and go down and down and down. I expect it'll be me! I hear that you object to taking on the new Sunday collection? Yes sir, I do object. Your colleagues across the county have agreed. It is your place to obey the duties laid down for you by the Department. That's true, sir. Not when those duties conflict with my calling. Worship! Another emotional crutch, backwards thinking. You'd be wise to join the modern world and attend the calling that provides you with your bread. Before I leave today, I want to hear from you that you will take on the new collection, this coming Sunday. What is it, Zillah? I been in the garden, ma'am, er... Yes? I think I'll go and hang out the washing, ma'am. I just thought you'd like to know that. Thank you, Zillah. Ah, Laura, we've been wondering where you'd got to. You're looking very pale. Those long walks are supposed to put some colour into your complexion. I have something to tell you, ma'am. - If I may. - What is it? I saw the Irish Labourers, and they were wondering if they might stop by tonight? But of course. They know it's all right. Tell them they can come in here if they like, day or night. But if the Inspector's here... Tell them to keep an eye out for him leaving and then come around the back as usual. - If you're sure, ma'am. - Why shouldn't I be? Rushton will admit defeat and be on his way before the moon is up. Nuts! Nuts! Basalonies! Basalonies, big as ponies! Hello. Thank you. Basalonies! Basalonies, big as ponies! Thank you, sir. I do appreciate a bit of help from a gentleman, with the hard work. I don't mind the heaving. but it's the terrible back pain I have had for the last 20 years. Just tell me where you want it. I'm so grateful I didn't have to ask. Cos if Miss Lane knew I was asking an inspector, I'd be in her bad books. Not that Miss Lane has got anything bad in her books. I's all neat and tidy, as far as I can see. Come. This way, sir. Up there. We just have to go to the bottom end, sir, down there. Across there. I would like to speak with the young Miss now. Miss Lane is a fine example to a young girl like you, learning the ways of the Post Office. I don't doubt that she's come to rely on an apprentice as bright and quick-witted as you, Laura. I am only just learning, sir. Of course, yes. But I imagine you will have your secrets between you, don't you? An intelligent girl like you, Laura, you could do well as a learner in the Head Office. They are much sought-after positions. I have the ear of the Postmaster General. I'm sure you won't always want to be bogged down in a backwater place like Candleford? You do have secrets? You and Miss Lane? I'm not sure what you mean, sir. I saw you whispering together. Your loyalty to Miss Lane is admirable. But you must be aware that you owe your true allegiance to the Post Office. You were whispering with the Postmistress. If you keep something from me, you are placing yourself in a perilous position. We were whispering, sir. Go on. What about? I'd rather not say, sir. I am instructing you to tell me, whatever it is. It concerns you, sir. You must tell me. I demand it. Miss Lane said we are to be kindly to you, sir. Because you have a lonesomeness about you that can only be cured by love. I will, of course, do everything I can to protect your position here, but it seems that Mr Rushton has taken against us. I'm afraid if we send him back to Oxford with your refusal as his only prize, he will go at it with a vengeance. You said, ma'am... - protect my position? - Yes. If it is considered a dereliction of your duties, then Mr Rushton could have a case for your dismissal... Ma'am, how many years have I turned out?! And the loss of your pension. So, before he leaves, I ask you to, perhaps, present a more even-tempered response, to give us some time to gather our forces. Are you saying, ma'am, I should tell him that I will do the collection this Sunday? I suppose I am, yes. Perhaps now that you are satisfied there are no hobgoblins in our books, you might like to join us in some refreshment before you leave? There is still the unresolved matter of this Sunday's collection. Thomas? It's not for me to decide, ma'am. Tis the Lord who dictates my obligations on the Holy Day. Thomas means no harm, Mr Rushton. We place ourselves at your mercy on this matter. Mercy does not make for a professional postal service. If I discover that this man has failed to take up the collection this Sunday, I will bring a dereliction charge and I will not let it go until he is removed. Good day to you. We all knew that was not the end of Mr Rushton. He was more impatient to trap Miss Lane than we dared imagine. The Irish farm workers could not afford to lose one daylight hour, so Miss Lane bent the rules and let them use the post office after closing. Where are you off to with that lantern, Alf? What's so important that you're setting off at this time of night? I'm finding something what's lost. A parcel. - Who would send you a parcel? - Oh, no, it ain't mine. It's... It belongs to the bettermost folk. Tell us what's going on, Alf. Laura's lost a parcel and she'll be in terrible trouble if she don't find it. She told me as much with tears in her eyes. She fears for her poisition, which is why I said I'd find it for her. Mr Rushton. You're back. And you are trading outside of licensed hours. You realise what this means, Miss Lane? I know too well. It means that good men who work every hour of daylight are able to send home a little something for their loved ones. It is a flagrant disregard of the statutes of your office. You have forfeited your right to practise. I think it is rather undignified for a man to threaten a woman in such a brutish fashion. I have watched you. I know you. You think because you dress so fine and you talk so fine, because you are born to it, that you are above regulations, above everything and everyone. I am here to show you that you are nothing compared to the rule of Post Office command and decree! If I have given the impression of being aloof, I apologise. I promise you, I have no such intention. I merely consider it my duty to be a human being before a servant to my office. I have watched you, too. And what I have seen is a man who has not exchanged a civil word with anyone in the hours that you have been here. A man who does not even have the grace to accept a cup of tea without taking and giving offence. You prop up your self-importance with rules, rules, rules. It is a sorry sight! I will be reporting you in full. Oh, I would expect nothing less than "in full", from a ticks and crosses man like you, Mr Rushton. Any man who must puff up his own worth with the ruination of others is not welcome in my parlour. Now, if you will excuse us, Mr McCarthy has the rather more pressing concern of providing for his family! And that goes for me, too! Will that be all for today, ma'am? I think that is quite enough for one day, Laura. You've no need to tell me what it is that you spoke to Mr Rushton about. That is between you and him. Yes, ma'am. Let me in, my darlin'. Did you sell them nuts? No, I ain't, but I got something else for us. A parcel. Did you get any money for food? No, I ain't! But I got us a parcel. Then you can sleep in the pig sty, and that's all that you deserve. Queenie. Queenie, my dear. Queenie! Oh, all right, all right! Hold up, I'll show you what "Closed" means. Straight? All right, all right! Oh, Sir Timothy! What a delight. I was hoping to speak with Miss Lane to enquire as to how the inspection was concluded. Oh, Miss Lane was inclined to early retirement, - Your Lordship. - Ah, in which case I... Oh, but I can't let you go because I got a plate of pastries ready. - No, I really... - And a glass of Miss Lane's port? Ah, Thomas, how did the inspection resolve itself? Erm... Sir... Hello, Laura. Sir! Please. I remember, sir, when you were but a boy. How you got under my feet. I clipped your little ear more than once, didn't I? You did, Zillah. You did, yes. I was always in the Post Office. Must have been the lure of your pastries. - Matthew, please sit down. - Sir Timothy. Now we're all here. Almost. Just like the old days. You, Thomas, remember your first day as a postman, in your uniform? It was too big for you. You were so proud! You, Matthew, was there ever a time when you weren't one of us? There was. But then, there was my father before me. And you. Growing up here as a... child, a boy... Did I ever tell you how grateful I was? We gathered that by the amount of pastries you put away, sir. Thank you, my friends, for indulging me. I think my wife deserves at least a little of what is left of me tonight, so if you will excuse me, goodnight. Goodnight, sir. Morning. Beautiful morning. Adelaide, what is it? You're not to get excited cos it's, erm, just a feeling but... I've been looking at the calendar and erm... but don't make any assumptions until I've seen Dr Ingrams. And you must promise me, you mustn't tell a soul. So many things I'm not allowed to do! Am I allowed to kiss you? I think that might be exactly what I need. - You said you'd be finished yesterday. - I said perhaps yesterday. A job takes as long as it takes if it's to be done right. Well, at least we know they will pay when it's completed. So, what's your next job? Miss Peeble's flint wall needs repairing. - When do you start that? - When this one's finished. Why do you keep going on about it? It's not just this month's rent we need to think about. - Have we ever missed the rent? - Robert, I know that mending flint walls is not what you want to be doing, But it's work. You're too quiet. I know you. What is it that you're not saying? Go on, out! Good boy. Go on, say it. I've worked hard to better myself, give myself a skill, and here I am, mending flint walls and school buildings. Oh, your usual story of how we're stuck here in this God-forgotten place... - Well, it's true... - Only concerned with yourself again, when we have four children to feed and clothe and raise... - Five. We have five children to raise. - Laura is gone. And if you think I am holding you back... You see how it's always turned against me. I just want to feel the blood in my veins, pour myself into my work, and you cast me as a villain, selfish, ready to run away from my responsibilities. Robert... I'm sorry. It was wrong of me to say that. It's what I fear, that's all. That this life is not enough for you. I'm not enough for you. You're supposed to say it is. I am enough. It is. Then why don't I feel it? Sunday morning came and no-one could have been more surprised than I, to find Thomas in his uniform. He looked to be in such anguish. Here it was, his great day. Thomas Brown was to preach to his own congregation. Yet he was nowhere to be seen. You saw him in his uniform? Six days shall you labour. But the seventh day is the Holy Day. A man cannot claim to serve God, unless he overcomes all of his petty fears and selfish desires. I copied those sentiments from the Book. I can quote you any manner of chapters and verses. And I won't deny that I love that book. But what if those fears... don't feel petty? Now, here, today, what then? What if a man's desire is to do his work and take his day of rest and use that day in whatever way he chooses? I choose THIS place. I know that I go about preaching devotion and sacrifice. Perhaps God... saw fit to put me to the test. My heart tells me that I have failed. My courage snapped in the night and I couldn't put it back together. But I stand here now because I want my devotion back. If we believe, then we must live by that belief, no matter what the cost. Today... is the Sabbath day, and what I see before me... is your faith. You give me strength. I thank you. Why did I not simply tell Laura to ask Micky McCarthy to come back another night? - I think you know why, Dorcas. - Yes. I was determined to take Mr Rushton on. And look where it's got me. - And that's not the worst of it. - It isn't? I have done something far worse to him than he has to me. I don't understand. I crushed him, Timothy. Quite deliberately. I saw something in him... a wound, a need. And I taunted him at every opportunity. I humiliated the man without mercy. Well, he certainly seems to have got beneath your skin. And do you think that people were moved? Oh, yes. I was moved. It was very moving. You don't realise how moving you can be Thomas Brown. Excuse us. Good morning. I see you have an admirer, Thomas. Miss Ellison? It is the sermon she rightly admires, ma'am. I'm not so sure. She was hanging on your every word with that certain twinkle in her eye. I can assure you, ma'am, I gave her no cause to... twinkle. You may not have intended it, Thomas, but your passion seems to put some colour in Miss Ellison's cheeks. Yes, sir. Sir, sir? - Has she threatened you with dismissal? - No, Ma. Then what is the fear I can see in your face? I haven't told Miss Lane about the lost parcel. Well, I'll speak with Dorcas if you're so worried. What happened? Ma, please don't speak with Miss Lane on my behalf. She's having a difficult time of it and I don't want to add to her burden. And you're hoping Alf will find the parcel, is that it? Possibly. Ma, let me speak with Miss Lane. - Please. - I have come all this way... Please, Ma. There was a time you used to tell me all of your troubles. Isn't she growing fast? What are you doing? I'm finding something that's lost. What might that be? I ain't minded to tell. I'll tell you this much, you'll know it when you see it. Well, that might be something I know something about. - Are you sure you had the parcel? - I'm certain. I know it. I think so. I sort of remember it. I could've imagined it. - Philip, what happened? - I found him in a ditch, ma'am. Get him inside, quickly. Take him straight up to my room. Laura, quickly, fetch Dr Ingrams. Tell me again, Philip. It was the strangest thing, ma'am. He was lying there. It was his eyes, they... they seemed to be open but he made no sound and no effort to get up. It was like... Go on, say it. Like he was wasting away there in the ditch. And he knew it. Helena... Helena... It's beautiful. But when did beauty ever pay the rent? I am sorry, Em. I just got caught up in the passion of it. It was like it was waiting, calling to me. I suppose you can't leave the poor thing unfinished. - I can and I will. - Oh, no, you won't. If you think I'm going to have the whole county pointing at that thing for 100 years and saying, "Emma Timmins was the harridan who had the..." "charming angel killed in the making... " I'll finish it, then. And have your children eat cabbage for supper? You've already killed the beauty of it. So, go on, say some more. Kill a bit more of the heart in me. Why did you marry me, Em? Why does a woman choose a man for what he is - his passions, his strengths and then one by one take these things away from him? It's beautiful. Please finish it. Helena. Helena. Helena. I'm not Helena, Mr Rushton. I'm Dorcas. Dorcas Lane. You are in the Candleford Post Office. You had an accident. Helena... I tried... to stop loving you. I can't, I can't do it. If only you knew how I have been living, every day is an agony of need for you. I believed your promises. I gave my whole life and soul over to believing that you would one day be with me, Helena. Helena. I can't stop wanting you. Helena. Miss Lane, I have something I must tell you. I have been waiting for the right moment. So much has happened. And if I don't tell you soon, I fear I will burst with the dread of it. - About what you said to Mr Rushton? - No, ma'am, it's the parcel. The Misses Pratts'. I took out their parcel. It came two days ago. I took it out and I lost it. And I take full responsibility, ma'am. And I've searched. And I know it's unforgivable because the Post Office's reputation... The Pratt sisters will have to be told. And I must tell them. I have failed you, Laura. You deserved more guidance than I have given you. Taking on a postal round is more than learning a route and knowing the names of your customers. You deserved to be taught the pitfalls that come your way, just as my father taught them to me. The thing of it is, you're young, and young people do young things, make young mistakes. I should make my apologies to Ruby and Pearl at once. They need to know the parcel is lost, so they can send out notices to their customers. Oh, Miss Lane... Miss Lane. Thank you. Thank you. You were as good as your word. Delivered the minute it arrived. We were most impressed to find the parcel waiting for us - on the doorstep at dawn! - Supreme service. The best. Yes, just as you promised. Your reputation for dependability is well-deserved. Although the parcel did smell peculiar. - It did smell. - Those French... They're like a different race. A different race! They're like a different race. A different race! Come along now, this way. Mr Rushton. Am I allowed to say how well you look today? You are. If I am allowed not to believe you. You are. Perhaps we could have a pot of tea in the garden. Consider the water boiled, ma'am. Tea in the garden is my one weakness! - Miss Lane... - Dorcas, please. Dorcas. I want to explain. I think... last night, in my delirium, I made some... deranged utterances. When I was a young girl, I fell in love with a man I had no right to fall in love with. I convinced myself that a miracle was possible, that love was enough to overcome all difficulties. You're telling me this to show me it's possible to recover? A broken heart can take on many forms. Loneliness CAN wear a smile. Dorcas... it can be unappealing for a woman to always be the fount of wisdom. - What's that for? - The parcel! Ruby and Pearl were delighted to find it on their doorstep. You didn't even tell me you'd found it! Because... Because I didn't reckon that needed any more fuss about it. A month's work! More than a month's! At top wages! - What are you talking about, man? - Sir Timothy, the Manor. He wants me to repair statues, carvings, everything, and new ones. He saw the angel. A month's work! And fine work. Erm, on the matter of the Sunday collection, sir. - Ah, yes... - What I was going to say, sir, was... - If I ain't broken every bone... - Are you all right? in my body, it's a miracle! - Pull! - Help, help. Get me out! I knew it'd be me that would land up down there. I've known it half my life, I have! And I ain't having it, I ain't having it, I ain't! I think, Thomas, that perhaps we'd best review the Sunday collection on another occasion. I was... mistaken. I'm sorry. Please, sont be sorry. Not for my sake. You mustn't feel any need to apologise. You... kept your promise to me, didn't you, Timothy? To tell no one. It's humiliating enough without everyone... The joys of marriage one shares with the world, the sorrows one shares with each other. Yes, I kept my promise. How long will you wait? There are rumours at Head Office that this illness has put thoughts of retirement in Arnold Drinkwater's mind. Perhaps that will mean we will see you next year then, Mr Rushton? I will send a telegram in advance. - If that is appropriate? - That would be appreciated. Zillah does need plenty of warning to prepare a sumptuous table. Philip teased me that I saved a man's life by losing a parcel. Perhaps he was right. However it found its way to the Pratts' door, our reputation was restored and Mr Rushton could file his report, confirming the good name of the Candleford Post Office. Some visitors came back to us, others never returned. Perhaps we were all like those fields, dreaming in the sunshine. Waiting for a future we knew nothing of. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 