Lark Rise to Candleford: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lark Rise to Candleford 
 s2e5 - Episode #2.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lark Rise to Candleford (2008–2011): Season 2, Episode 5 - Episode #2.5 - full transcript 
 To help out stressed cousin Emma, Dorcas agrees to look after her baby, Annie, at the post office. Thomas is horrified but proves to be far more expert at child-care than Dorcas and her female friends, who are all very broody at Annie's presence. Thomas shocks Margaret by saying that he does not want them to have children. A cocky young Irishman called Fisher Bloom arrives in town to install a public clock, paid for by James. The foolish Minnie, after an innocent night out with him, thinks she is pregnant, but, after initial, mutual, hostility, he begins to fall for Laura. James, meanwhile, seeks Robert's advice on how best to declare his feelings for Dorcas. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (BABY CRYING) (SHE SIGHS) (CRYING BECOMES LOUDER) My mother was one of those women who, as the Hamlet saying went, never flinched. (BABY STILL CRYING) But the care of an infant can show the best of us our limitations. And teach us that life can't all be carefree summer days. Fisher? Well, what kind of name's that? The name me ma gave me, so it'll be good enough for me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'd best get on. I have the washing to put out. (BABY CRYING) I think Fisher's a fine name. If you don't rest while you can, my girl, you'll rest because you have to. Cabbage don't cook itself, Queenie. Hungry mouths that don't get fed will soon start barking. Shhh! Waiting for Rose, are we? Twister, there ain't no Rose. Ain't there? I ain't got no gal. We dreamed up Rose to make Laura jealous. Morning! Is this the road to Candleford? It was the last time I looked. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, if you're tired of her, I'll woo her myself. I'm fond of Rose. Twister, how about we get you home and into bed? Do you expect Rose might go for a boy like me? We invented Rose to make another girl jealous - Laura. And now Rose has hold of Twister's mind. Girls can do that to you, even make-believe ones. Fisher Bloom, clockmaker, journeyman, wanderer. Alf Arless. Apprentice stonemason. - Almost. - Well, Alf Arless, what do you say you show a stranger where a couple of young men might go in search of a dalliance tonight? I'll have a shave! Very impressive. I am very impressed. Hardiman said you were the best. If you don't approve of my work, sir, I suggest you don't pay. I have every confidence. Every confidence. There is a forge in the town. You can work there. I will make arrangements with the post mistress. You can lodge here, in the staff quarters. This will be the making of the town. That's the old bell tower. I know. What an agreeable little town you have here. And it's all about to change. Why might that be? Cos I'm here. And I'd say you were Laura. Am I right? I believe I met your ma today, and your baby sister. (SHOP BELL TINKLING) Miss Lane! Miss Lane... It was nothing more than a turn in the heat. (POT CLATTERS) I've never seen you like this before. Don't make such a fuss, girl. Frank, Ethel! Can you not play quietly for once? (BABY CRYING) (CHILDREN BICKERING) Emma, I wish to make a proposal, a radical proposal. Laura and I are going to take the baby back to the post office. Just for a few days. An infant is a constant demand. You need a break. What use is there having a spinster cousin if I can't help you out in times of need? MAN: A baby! Here?! A baby, ma'am, staying here, in the post office? - Staying here? - Just what we need, Thomas. A pleasing diversion for us all. - Will we have to feed it, ma'am? - Yes, Minnie, we... Perhaps I could make Annie some weak broth. I would rather enjoy that. Ma'am, IF I may, I feel compelled to express my sincere, my deeply felt, my heartfelt... ..in all my years serving Her Majesty... Thomas, I think she's rather taken with you. The noise. The disturbance. The smell. The noise. - Thomas, surely you're overreacting? - It's uncalled for, ma'am! How extraordinary. What does it mean, ext...tro...ex...? Strange. More than strange. Ex...ex...tra..or... Din... Why, Miss Lane, you are with child... with a child... with somebody's child. I have borrowed her for a day or two to give a break to a relative. Oh. She is so...infant! Those eyes. And she has teeth. How marvellous. Ruby, we have a client. Ruby! It's Mrs Gladbourne. Miss Lane? I should advise you, I am to make a gift of a clock to the town, to be housed in the old bell tower. What a good idea, Councillor. Now, I know that you will think me presumptuous, but I have obtained consent from the parish council. Every modern town needs a clock. I have secured the services of the finest craftsmen, the most august designs. I'm sure it will be splendid. The clockmaker, Bloom, will require a workplace. I would consider it a great favour to me if you would let me pay you a levy for the use of the forge. Of course. You seem rather cordial today, Miss Lane. I'm taking care of my cousin's baby, and I find it rather suits me. (BABY GURGLING) I mean, to be of assistance to Emma. It is a woman's nature to be useful... to friends and neighbours. Miss Lane. I assure you the clock WILL be splendid. Various parcels in the coming weeks. Parts for the clock to arrive here in my name. Fisher Bloom. You said that our town was going to change now that you're here. - Why's that? - A town wants a clock. I come along, give the town what it wants. Then...something happens. Days that were free become trapped in minutes and hours. The clock can soon become your master. But if you make them, ain't the clock your master, too? The second that clock starts ticking in earnest, I'll be on my way. I stay ahead of it, always. Laura, why is he called Fisher? Minnie! - Haven't you got upstairs chores to do? - I am called Fisher, Minnie, - because I bring good luck. - Truly? Do you? Perhaps not so much luck as things happening. Like tonight, I am to go out on the town with my new friend Alf Arless. Alfie? Your friend? You say that like we shouldn't be friends. I'm just surprised, that's all. He's a friend of yours, isn't he, Laura? Alfie. Yes, Alfie's my friend. My dear friend. (HE SINGS TO HIMSELF) Twister? Twister! Twister. Twister! Where are you going? We are all locked up. I think I'll have an early night. Yes, ma'am. What's it to be, then, Alf? There ain't much to do after dark around here. I know the barn where old Farmer Jellock keeps his cider hid from his wife. We could sup, smoke, talk all night. Twister, that was years ago. You told me how you used to do that. How about we borrow a horse and trot over to see Rose? - Does Miss Lane know you're here? - She didn't object. Can I come? It do sound like such fun. Oh, we'll look after her, Alfie. You're only young once. - Ain't that right. - So what'll it be, then? There's a folly at the manor. Some of the servants sneak in there at night. Then what are we waiting for? Come on. Extra...ord...in... (LAUGHTER AND CHATTERING) Minnie? I'm awake. (BABY GURGLING) Are you awake? But there must be something wrong with you, if you need to send the baby off like that. A few nights of proper sleep and I will be fine and well. (HE YAWNS) And it do seem quiet without her. Too quiet. Bliss... I think I might get up. What? I feel oddly restored. Kind of...unburdened. I should make the most of it. You can make the most of it by putting your head on my shoulder. I think I might go for a walk. Or make a rice pudding. I want to do something. If this is the peace I get by being free of the babe... ..I think we ought to add to our brood. (SHE GIGGLES) (THEY BOTH LAUGH) Did we all sleep well? The rule is, Minnie, we keep the back door open always. Why shut the summer out when we can let it in? I don't think I've ever felt so nourished by a disturbed night. # As I walk through the meadow to breathe the fresh air # The flowers all blooming and gay # I heard a fair damsel... # He's in one of his peculiar tempers, that's all. His mind's in a different world to his body. Can't you bring him back with a bit of explanation? No, reason only makes things worse. You put a bit of sense inside of him when he's like this, it creates such confusion in him. He gets overtook with a terrible sadness. The answer is to let him be. It will pass, always does. He only ever sings that song when he thinks he's 18. #..And I placed a kiss on her rosy-sweet lips # While the small birds They sang us around... # Little 'uns off to school, no babe to cart around. You'll have your chores done by bever time, Emma. I thought I'd take the opportunity to give the whole cottage a turnout and a scrub. What is it, Emma? Surely it was only a few days ago I was 18 and gadding about. Now look at me. Why did no-one tell me it all goes by so fast? Why weren't you listening when they did tell you? I shan't be turning out the cottage. - I want to do something. - Do what? I don't know. Something. Something. I want to... lose myself. (BOTH LAUGHING) Minnie, you went out last night, didn't you? Out with... If a girl goes out at night like that, with boys and such... Well, not even boys - men!..you'll have a reputation. And worse. - Worse? - Yes. We all know what happens to girls with no morals. (BABY WAILING) They might get reported to Miss Lane. You said that because you were here, things would change. Well, I'd like to tell you, Mr Fisher Bloom, that your antics are most unwelcome. Taking Minnie and Alf out? Who knows what you were up to? - At night. Out. - You wish you were out there with us! If you think that I am jealous, I'm not. I have better things to do than go escapading about at night. And what better things can there be than escapading? - How old are you, Laura? - I'm 17, and it's none of your business. For a girl so young, you're very buttoned up. And what gives you the right to tell a girl she's buttoned up? Because it's true. Do yourself a favour, Laura, unbutton. Fisher! This clock. It will be splendid, won't it? I mean, it will be splendid enough? In my experience, sir, splendour is splendour. It's not something you can order more of. I simply mean... The bell tower sits so prominently at this end of town. We must make sure that we've considered every aspect. Leave it with me, sir. It's a little more expensive, but it suits madam's delicate frame. What do you say, Ruby? I thought I might pop over to the post office, see how Miss Lane is coping with the little one. Minnie? You look like I feel. Come on, boys. Shirkers to the front! ( TWISTER LAUGHS) Twister has more lift than the pair of us. Oh, Alfie, I have such a burden on my mind, and if I don't tell someone, I shall fall on under it. - Are you in trouble with Miss Lane? - Worse. I have feelings. Girls' feelings. I'm ruined. I'm going to have a babe. - No! - Yes. - When did you find out? - This morning. I mean, how did it...happen? I was a girl without morals, weren't I? - Whose is it? - Mine. No, I mean who is the pa of it? I don't know. Promise me you won't tell a soul I'm pregnant, Alfie. People will find out... because things will happen. There is a little hope. Miss Lane do seem fond of babies. Surely if I place the pin here, that will hold it? She does seem to be deeply uncomfortable. Annie is usually quite pacified when Emma changes her napkin. Thank you, Miss Margaret! Perhaps if we try to amuse her... Ahh! Ahh! (BABY SCREAMING) Oh, dear. (BABY WAILING) The child needs firmness. All children respond to a commanding presence. Child, we are tending your needs! Be appreciative! No, tenderness. A comforting stroke or... (BABY SHRIEKING) Ladies. It's all right. Ma'am, pin. (WAILING CEASES) (BABY GURGLING) There... (BABY BURPS) Thomas Brown, you have hidden talents! Thomas! Ladies... (SHE SOBS) Ruby, what is it? What on earth has taken hold of you? We're closed! Stocktaking. You have to come back tomorrow, I'm afraid. Thank you. Thank you so much. We are not going to dwell on this. You're a little tired and overworked. Warm milk and early to bed tonight - a cure for every ill. Stocktaking... I don't know who he thinks he is. He comes here, he has opinions about everyone. And everything! - I find him most objectionable. - Oh, I rather like Mr Bloom. A refreshing voice of frankness, I find. But then I do have a weakness for journeymen. In fact, I must invite him to tea. Ma'am...would you say I was buttoned up? Not in the least. Not at all. Perhaps sometimes a tad serious, if I were to be exacting. Oh! So you think I should unbutton? A rather unfortunate phrase, but we can all benefit from a touch of joie de vivre. (SHOP BELL TINKLING) Was that Annie? No, ma'am, that was not Annie. An invitation, ma'am, from Mr Dowland. He passed it to me, ma'am. Minnie, please try to slow down. You talk faster than you think. Try to say one word at a time. Yes. Ma'am. Lunch at the Golden Lion. Oh, he's invited Annie, too, how endearing! - Why has he invited a baby? - He's only showing courtesy, Laura. Why's everybody so possessed of my baby sister? What is so special about a baby? She can't talk, converse, she makes noises and she makes demands. Extra...ord... (BELL RINGS) Miss Pratt, you are with us again. I happened to notice the prettiest bonnet. I always feel a comely bonnet makes an infant so much the cheerier. Yes, even though she does not know it herself. Perhaps I could try it on her. Ooh, what have we here? (SHE GASPS) Is it a present from Auntie Ruby? Oh...should we try it on? Shall we? Shall we try it...? Woo! Shall we try it on? Shall we try it on? Sh...? Aren't we fortunate to have so many visits from Auntie Ruby? How do you manage your post office duties with the babe to look after? I have my staff to help keep things ticking along. (BABY CRYING) Oh, sssh! If you were to require someone to take Annie for a stroll... Hmm... (SHOP BELL TINKLES) Laura? Thomas? (BELL RINGS) Ooh, hello, little one! How did you learn to make clocks? I was looking at a clock one day, and I decided that was for me. To make something out of nothing, take a few pieces of metal, bend them, file them and fit them together so that they tick away and make time... I enjoy the wonder of things. So I found the best old clockmaker in London and I asked them to teach me. But tomorrow, of course, I may have no more fascination with clocks. I shall have to leave them behind. You must have spent so much time learning. Why does that matter? You are strange. And you are different. - Did you do that for me? - No, I did not! I often dress this way. I was thinking I might go out tonight. Just for the fun of going out. Joie de vivre. If you are asking me if I would like to join you, then I shall have to decline your offer. I suspect you think you're something of a catch, Laura. But you aren't. Not to a man like me. You see, it's not your dress that I find buttoned up. Or your hair. It's you. You seem to me to have an opinion of yourself. Some people who get on in life do well. It's not always the best thing for the soul. If we are to talk about opinion, then you have more than your fair share, Fisher Bloom! I've never met anyone quite so offensive, so insulting, so judgmental! So without kindness, without grace. Without...politeness. Ruby. Ruby, what are you doing? I thought little Annie might appreciate some air. You might have asked me! I thought I did. Shall we go back inside? I'll just take her for a stroll. Just to the edge of town. Please? Perhaps we might go together. Ah, Thomas. - I'm so glad I found you. - Miss Margaret. You have been in my thoughts all day. I didn't want to put my head on my pillow without complimenting you on your success with the napkin. Yes, thank you. A lady can't help but be impressed when a man shows himself so adept with children. Yes, thank you. Since tending children is the greatest duty that God gives us... ..especially one's own children... ..I consider myself fortunate indeed. Miss Margaret. I have a confession to make. I am not the kind of man... I cannot contemplate... I do not want children of my own. But you were so natural. I have always known this, there the matter begins and ends. I would be grateful if we were to discuss this no more. Oh... Yes! I can't seem to get enough of boiled eggs. Thomas. May I walk with you? If you so wish, Miss Margaret. May I discuss with you the matter we earlier discussed? We agreed, did we not, that it was beyond discussion. Yes, but please. I only wanted to say, after some prayer and reflection overnight, I would... Thomas, so long as we can be together... I have my work as a governess, which gives... the care of... Many couples live happily... fulfilled without... Oh. So we can lay the issue to rest. Yes. Thank you. How pleasing to be invited to lunch. And it is most considerate of you to include Annie. She may develop a taste for your fine hospitality, James, and then you will never be rid of us. Miss Lane, I wanted to take this opportunity to gauge your liking for the designs of the clock. It is your gift to the town, Mr Dowland. Why would you want to know my feelings? Since the bell tower is so visible from the post office, as councillor, I simply wanted to take in to consideration... (BABY GURGLING) Perhaps if you would cast your eyes over the plans. It's a clock, it's fine. She's such a well-behaved girl. Do you know, I believe she enjoys nothing better than the company of men. Perhaps if it were more commanding... Or less commanding... Either. Do you know the oddest thing? The times when Annie wakes me in the night only means that the sleep I do have is deeply resting. It's a mystery to me. It's possibly exhaustion. Possibly. Miss Margaret. Is everything all right? I have told Thomas that I only wish to be with him. But that is not all you wish. No. There will be a reason why a man acts in such a way. There has to be. There is always a reason. We must find the reason, and we must hope and believe that it can be overcome. Will you speak with him, Miss Lane? You seem to be able to...reach him. Of course. But perhaps we should prepare ourselves for the possibility that Thomas's reasons are so deeply held, and your own wishes cannot be denied. What then, Miss Margaret? Ohh... Extraord... Extrao... And is she sleeping better? Miss Lane seems to enjoy the fact that Annie is NOT sleeping any better. And how is that handsome young Fisher Bloom? He's such a charming young man. He all but carried me back to the hamlet. And the baby. I don't know how he managed it. He's one of those heavenly souls. You can see it in his face. Not everyone seems to think so. Oh, but they do. In Lark Rise, anyway. Twister, Queenie, Alf. We've all taken to Fisher. Ma, would you say that I had a high opinion of myself? Why, what a question! - Would you? Truthfully? - No! Not at all. You're doing well for yourself, that's all. Getting on, that's all. Perhaps you do have a little pride about you. But that's only youthfulness. You will grow out of it... I expect! Ma, are you laughing at me? No. It's just that I have such an itch. An itch? My cousin will be along shortly to collect Annie. Perhaps I could sit with you while you wait? Minnie, how could you possibly eat another boiled egg? I have a terrible craving for them, ma'am. Well, I wish you had as much craving for your work. - Have you changed all the sheets? - I surely will, ma'am. Strange to think that you, Miss Lane, were the last baby in your family to be born in this post office. Heaven knows when this place will see the next. Miss Lane, I wanted to apologise. - There is no need. - No, I need... I think... There were such thoughts in my mind when I took Annie outside. I know. And you're not alone. I saw in your face what I felt in my own heart secretly. Miss Lane, may I ask a personal question of you? Do you ever hope...? I believed I was past such things. I have chosen this life, and it has been immeasurably kind to me. But these past few days, it has quite taken me by surprise. I keep asking myself, have these emotions been stirred up because I offered to take in Annie? Or did I offer to take in Annie because I wanted to... stir up these thoughts and questions? They're only feelings, I suppose. No, Miss Lane. No. Surely feelings are the stuff of life? To be honest with you, these feelings have made me feel that I'm ready for Annie to go now. It pains me to admit it... ..but her presence here disturbs me so much, I don't know what another night would do to me. What I'm left with...constantly, what keeps me awake at night is... what is one to do when there is nothing to be done? Miss Lane. Miss Pratt. My ma has asked if you can keep Annie for one more night. Since you had said how much you enjoyed having our guest, and wouldn't mind having a month of her, I took the liberty of saying that would be possible. Yes, of course, Laura. That would be just fine. (SHE WHOOPS) - I was just, um... - So I see. It's such a fine day. I felt... Your baby's doing fine in the post office, being looked after. I was feeling tired and overburdened. So I see. Sir. I need your advice. You need to tell me what it is, lad, if I'm to help you with it. I'm considering how I might say it, sir. Sounds like quite a burden. - It's a girl, sir. - It usually is when we men are tormented. No, sir. This girl, sir. She is with child. Alfie? - Is it Rose? - Rose? No, not Rose. It's another girl. - Alfie! - No, sir, it ain't mine. A girl confided to me her secret. And I don't know what to do with it. See, she's the kind of girl, a trouble like this in her mind, well... I dread to think what that might do to her. TWISTER: Oh...! And who is this girl? Laura, I feel I have been rather selfish keeping Annie to myself all this time. Of course you would prefer to have her sleeping in your room with you. It's not selfish, ma'am. I know how much you've been enjoying her company. - I wouldn't want to spoil that for you. - Ma'am. But since this is her last night with us, I'm sure you'd enjoy it, so please don't let me stop you. Ma'am, truly. I'd rather she stayed with you. (BABY COOING) Very well. You just don't get it, do you, Laura? Miss Lane needs you to help her. How would you know that? If you stop thinking of yourself, you might notice she needs you to take the baby from her. - She's struggling. - She copes fine. Annie's so quiet most of the time. All I ask is that you knock on Miss Lane's door tonight and ask her. Look in her eyes and see if the answer's there. Will you do that? What have you there, Edmund? A map. Ma, can I take Frank and Ethel and walk over to Candleford - on Sunday to see Laura? - You cannot. On your own, with the little 'uns? You drew this yourself? From memory? I've walked it so many times with you and Pa. Please let me, Ma. I know I can do it. Edmund Timmins. You are a pride to your ma and your pa. Of course you can walk to Candleford. Why did I ever doubt you? You're right, it do seem too quiet. You spend your whole life believing that your babe needs you and then when she's gone... you realise that YOU need HER. And your conscience is going to keep us both awake, is it? Hmm... It'll do Annie good. Have a little holiday. And you, too. Edmund has drawn a map. And that's put the look of mischief on your face, has it? I have been feeling this restlessness. I know what it is now. I know what I want. - Thomas? - Ma'am. I spoke with Miss Ellison yesterday. Ah. I know a little about your family background, not much, and I can't help thinking... I'm not sure this is something I wish to discuss with my employer. Thomas, we all saw how wonderfully you handled Annie in her time of distress. That means something. I know it does. Unless you can give up your secrets, Thomas, you will always be at the mercy of them. I know, I promise you. Four brothers and sisters. Me the oldest. That teaches you to tend to their needs. To feed and clothe them from this high. I never begrudged it. I loved every minute of it because the Lord gave me the strength to see it through. But that can also teach you that parents can let you down. It is only fear. And fear can be conquered. I've seen you do it before. Perhaps now this might be your greatest challenge. Thomas, you can do it. I believe you can. I'm grateful for your faith in me, Miss Lane, but I'm afraid it's not your faith that I need. It is my own. I have spent many a year searching for God-given courage to bring my own child into his world. And it can't be found. I just wanted to ask you, Robert, in your opinion, Miss Lane thinks there is something unsatisfactory about the plans... Mr Dowland, my wife and I have our own plans. I mean no offence. You have an eye for such things, an artist's eye. (PLANS RUSTLING) Is it a lack of stature, do you think? Miss Lane is usually so forthright in her opinions. I can't see what it is she finds so unappealing. I want the whole town to look up to this clock. Em...kindly wait outside for me. I'll be a minute or two, that's all. Mr Dowland... the clock is handsome. The clock is beautiful. It's a fine hand made these drawings. Your problem, sir, is not the clock. - It's not? - Tell Miss Lane how you feel about her before you drive yourself insane with the containing of it. - Am I so visible? - Just a little. I tell her all of the time. I tell her what an amazing spirit she is. I tell her she is beautiful... No, sir, that won't do. A woman needs to be told how you feel. In clear, plain, unmistakable terms. - Yes. - And if you do and you mean it, you have to realise that is only the start of it. So, you decide. I am decided. Now, it's a lovely day out there and my own wife is waiting on me. Thank you. (HE CLEARS HIS THROAT) You have my spot. I'll have you know that I've been coming to this spot for many years. My whole life. And I've drawn this view a hundred times and more. Can I see? It's beautiful. I can never get the sky how I want it. Skies have a habit of not doing what you want them to. Why here? Why this spot? There are pathways that I've trodden daily. Bushes and wildflowers I know better than my own hands. The pond where the yellow brandy bull water lilies grow. Little birch thickets where the long-tailed tits congregate. I've seen these fields in the blackest thunderstorms, and in more sunshine than we have a right to deserve. Why do they call you Fisher? Cos me ma said I was like a kingfisher. Large head, long, sharp, pointed bill, short legs, stubby tail. I can see why she chose that name. I think she was more meaning how it's a brave bird. The first creature to leave Noah's Ark AND they can last anywhere, even on the sea. EDMUND: Laura! Ethel! Frank, Edmund! Come on, Frank. You little wanderers. What are you doing here? - We're going all the way to Candleford. - No! Fisher Bloom, meet my family. Twister! What are you doing out here today? Why am I wearing an old man's clothes? Come on. The children have potatoes and water. We'll have a picnic and then we'll get Twister back to Queenie. Thomas, I must put upon your good nature and leave the baby with you. Mr Dowland is pacing up and down outside of the post office and I must see what is amiss. Miss Lane, you cannot... I will not... Miss Lane! (BABY GURGLING) She likes you. That ain't my fault, is it? Thomas... She just said Thomas. She just said your name. No, she didn't. It's no more than just a sound. Thomas. Signs and wonders. There's my ma and pa. Hush - don't shout out. Don't interrupt. It's Ma and Pa. Leave them be. Come here. What are they doing? Why are Ma and Pa in the long grass? They're playing hiding in the grass. Let's go round the other way. Come on. There was a time in our lives when every day was like this. We could have kept that if we wanted it. We wanted something else, something more. I know it. And I'm glad of it. But we do have today, though, don't we? We do. TWISTER: # In the meadows we wandered away # I placed my love on a primrose bank... # Oh, no! Not Twister. Lying in the grass, then, are we? (BOTH GIGGLING) Shhh! Edmund, Ethel! Laura. There's something you ought to know concerning the maid at the post office. Alf. It's good to see you, Fisher. Maybe not when you hear what I have to say. Alf... I like Laura. Of course you do, everyone likes Laura. Oh... You mean you like her. I owe you nothing more than the courtesy of telling you. That's why I'm here. That's considerate of you, I suppose. Does Laura like you? I think she does. I mean to find out. You have Laura. I have Rose. (WHISPERING) Miss Lane. Miss Lane. Craving boiled eggs. Of course. I blame myself. I've been such a fool. Distracted by my own concerns. (STAIRS CREAKING) Here she comes. You wanted to speak with me, ma'am? Sit down, Minnie. How are you feeling? My stomach ain't feeling too good. Have you spent time with a boy? I'm so sorry, ma'am. I'm a disgrace. I'm a ruin. I bring only shame and scandal on you. So you were intimate with this boy? Three of them, ma'am. One of them was old. Oh, dear me! My ma craved boiled eggs when she was carrying me and now I'm craving 'em. Only I don't like the taste of 'em. But if you crave them... Minnie... ..these three boys... When did you go out with them? Three nights ago. Minnie... What does "intimate" mean? Saying things and sneaking out at night. And can I ask you... ..how does a girl get pregnant? Morals, ma'am. You can stop eating me out of eggs. You are no more pregnant than Thomas is. Extraordinary! Progress, indeed. Walk on. You're back, then. I have a question for you. Go on. I'm fond of a puzzle. How did we get so old? Twister, your trouble is, you fight against it. It don't work that way. We ain't the masters of this Earth, we are its servants. We are put here, we live our time and be grateful. Look at us now, sitting here under this old hedge. Who cares how many years are behind us or how many days in front? We're here, aren't we? Can't you just accept that? I will. I'll try, anyway. (BOTH LAUGHING) Margaret. Thomas. On the matter we were discussing... ..it is only fear, and surely God gave us fear that we might overcome it. Thank you, Dorcas. I hope she hasn't been too much of a disturbance to you. Not at all, we got along just fine. (ALL SPEAKING AT ONCE) Do you have to make so much noise? 'The care of an infant can show the best of us our limitations, 'and our own small greatness. 'My father once said that when a man tells a woman 'how he feels about her, 'that is only the start of it.' Miss Lane. Dorcas. Another invitation. You really must be having doubts about your clock, Mr Dowland. But, as everyone knows, I cannot say no to a fine meal. Go on, then. - Tell me about your plans. - My plans? My plans. Shall we not talk about weighty matters? Shall we just pass the time of day on inconsequential nothings? I would like that very much. Thomas is to manage the deliveries, and Laura will take care of the business. Do you suppose we'll do, Thomas? I suppose we shall have to. For pity's sake, girl, it's simple enough! I am Miss Lane. There is a fine line between carefree and callous, Mr Bloom. They're all addressed to the girl in the post office. Look what he did to poor Miss Polly. Now he's coming for me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 