Lark Rise to Candleford: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lark Rise to Candleford 
 s2e3 - Episode #2.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lark Rise to Candleford (2008–2011): Season 2, Episode 3 - Episode #2.3 - full transcript 
 James Dowland campaigns for the parish council on a promise of house-building but Robert challenges him, claiming that he is motivated by profit. When James' opponent withdraws through illness Dorcas puts herself forward as a candidate. In Lark Rise the battle of the sexes continues when the men complain that Lilly, a butch female itinerant laborer, has invaded the male domain of the local inn. This leads to a bitter row between Emma and Robert. During a public debate James patronizes Dorcas. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 # For all you young men that are going to wed # Don't be caught like a bird with a small piece of bread... # 'A woman... 'a man.' #..Be careful in choosing a wife. # 'Someone once told me that they can find anything to fight over. 'A piece of land. 'A slip of the tongue, a jealous heart. 'Every year field workers came to Lark Rise. 'Lily Spicer amongst them. 'But this year was different.' 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You are all well aware of my fondness for talking, but making speeches is not something that comes naturally to me. So I shall keep this brief. I have always wanted a tree here outside of the Post Office. It was a kind of wish. And now that it is here, it feels so right, I can't understand why I have taken so long to do it. We have a new Post Office. But we will try to continue with the same old service. Thank you. Mr Dowland, I hope you will agree that now when you look down the street you have a picture of loveliness. Yes, and a rather pleasing Post Office, too. You are a little too forward with your compliments, sir. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Please do not take it personally. I am a little too forward with everything. Miss Lane, I should pay you the courtesy of informing you that I am standing in the forthcoming Parish Council elections. But how can you? You have hardly been amongst us more than a blink of an eye. On the contrary, I consider myself to be an ideal candidate. I was raised amongst Lark Rise poverty, and live now as a Candleford businessman. It still doesn't seem right. But I suppose it is your prerogative to stand if that is what you choose. I do. Choose. 'Every day it gets closer to the election, and I'm wondering' why we haven't had the pleasure of seeing you on your expounding plank! If there are things going on in our community require a man to speak out, no amount of pecking from his wife will prevent him. Robert, what are you looking for? Perhaps one of your old love letters, something to pull out and read over my morning papers. Now, I know a deceitful kiss when I taste one. Now I am certain you're concealing something from me. Woman, if we're to have an inquisition, I'll never finish Mr Reppington's limestone arch and then you'll have something worthwhile to chide me over. Men! Women! Call yourselves men? Not one of you got a muscle more than a sparrow's ankle. Couldn't lift a skirt between you. Never flinch, that's what I say. Never flinch. # For women are deceitful and very unkind # It would puzzle a lawyer to know their own mind... # Whatever is it, ma'am? It is the future, Minnie. Help me to unwrap it. If I may be so bold, ma'am, it is a modernisation too far. You cannot expect me to take out my delivery on one of those things. I do not expect you to, Thomas. This bicycle is not for you. It is for me. SHE RINGS BELL A child's reading book. You've proved yourself man enough to the whole hamlet, Alf, the way you've been like a father to your brothers and sisters. Ever since I've known you, you've done for others. What about doing something for yourself now? One thing to chase around the world like your Pa does, but a man who can read, the world comes to him. Now, I can teach you, Alf, and we can start tonight. I never could get hold of my reading, sir. Ignorance is a curse, Alfie. It takes a bit of courage to do something about it. Just show willing, lad, that's all. Now, what's this word? "Wind...mill." That's what's called syllables. I never knew you had your letters, Twister. I taught myself with a candle and a Bible. But you don't want to let the world know that you're more educated than you seem. Why? I decided on that so long ago, I forgot why now. SHE WHISTLES A TUNE I'll have a half. Lil, the Wagon and Horses is a place where the men are supposed to get some peace from the women. Ah, now, I'll agree with that. A pipe and a beer'd be ruined with all that petticoat chatter. Was that you doing your letters I saw when I came in, Alfie? I have my letters. Most of 'em. Syllables and the like. Oh! Oh! Syllables! And what syllables would they be, hmm? Weak-ling and panty-waist? Lil, leave the lad alone. I'm only joshing. I look forward all year long to coming in here so I can take our elbows to each other! Hey! LAUGHTER The spinney is Parish Council land, so isn't your desire to build there in conflict with you seeking a post on the council? I see no conflict. I see only mutual benefit. Miss Lane, if I may, you seem not to appreciate a local boy's desire to bring prosperity and growth to our community. You can go now, Minnie. Mr Dowland, let me ask you outright, is your ambition to build villas on Goldstone Spinney the reason you are standing for election? Yes. That is the reason. I have nothing to hide. I see no need to apologise. Think of it. New homes. How could anybody possibly object to that? You are very persuasive. But you are not persuaded. I would like to consider the whole business. Yes. Do. As you say, consider. And I hope that you shall see that I am right. But if you don't, there is nothing you can do to stop me. It don't make her one of us, do it? She'll be gone in a few weeks, just put up with her till then. What're you men grumbling about now? Lily Spicer coming in the Wagon and Horses. Women barred from the ale house! It's an old-fashioned notion, anyway. We wives would all like to get out of the house if we didn't have little 'uns to tie us to the stove and the wash tub. A man must have his half pint without a nagging, that's what civilisation is for! Everything that's wrong with this world is standing before me. Three men with rheumatism of the brain! Men and women are different, Queenie. Knitting, cooking and having babies in't what men were born to do. God made us fit for the ale house. That's true enough. Everybody knows that a woman rules the house. Her job is to let a man THINK he does! You believe that? Well, in't that right, Queenie? I've lived my whole life by it. It's as well you never let on before, woman. You think you can say that in front of my neighbours and get away with it? Come on, lads, I need another drink. That goes for me, an' all! Caroline...Caroline. Are you home? Caroline? Where you got to, then? Oh...! Mm! My poor bones! COCK CROWS SNORING SNORING CONTINUES Oh! Argh! Oh...! Oh...! Queenie there's someone in Caroline's cottage, sleeping in her bed! CHILDREN ALL SPEAK AT ONCE Lily! Why, Lily! I was only resting my bones for half a minute. I must have slept like a babe. That'll do your soul good to rest in a bed for a change. - You have some tea, Lil. - No-one can say I ever flinch. Not Lil. But tea do sound nice. Oh, Laura! Ain't you turned into the little lady while I was away. Laura works in the Post Office now, Lil. She's one of that lot over there! Ma! You'll have to come by my tent, tell me the tales of all them Candleford boys chasing after you. There in't nothing to tell. Plenty of time for boys when I get older. Ain't you never thought of settling down, Lil? Enjoy some home comforts like the rest of us? The road and the field is the life for Lily Spicer. The field and the road. You know, it ain't so bad. What about when you get older? It's hard enough for the likes of ME. Old bones do feel the cold, and the wind do bite. There in't no shame in admitting it's true, Lil. We all have it in our nature to want to build a little nest. Now, I will confess... When I saw Caroline's bed, I did feel a yearning. And when I lay down, my whole sorry carcass said a thank-you. MAN: Ladies and gentlemen of Lark Rise... What's that hullabaloo? ..If I was you, I'd be asking myself why should I vote for James Dowland? I am standing because I want to give something back. This is a time of great change. You can say that again. Change and progress. Queenie here has been taking in all of her married life. She took me in, and many others like me. Her home is full to bursting. Now, why should the kindness of good souls like Queenie be put upon, year after year, when there is a better way to go? I want to instigate a programme of building homes. New villas. Every one with its own garden and a door knocker. And who is it, sir, that will build these villas? Who is it that will profit from their sale and from their rent? I make no attempt to conceal my role as builder and contractor. And are you working for the good of the community, sir, or the good of your own pocket? I see no reason why it cannot be for both. Not one man standing here before you can afford to live in these homes with door knockers. Any man here who wants it can have work building these homes for good wages. Including you, Mr Timmins. What else are we to do? Be the kind of man that never truly tries to escape his own poverty? I never said we should remain in poverty. I never said we should remain in poverty. All I ask is that you put your faith in a man who has shown you what is possible. You did look handsome on your expounding plank. That man wants to pull our parish up by the roots and all my wife can say is "handsome". There's a woman's thinking for you. Why is everyone so at war, Ma? These are changing times, Laura. Changing times. Miss Lane. Mr Dowland. It's a fine morning. Yes. I am going out for a jaunt. Well, you have the weather for it. I am the proud owner of the first low safety bicycle in Candleford. So I see. Our neighbours are looking at you, ma'am. It does seem rather unwomanly to be astride such a thing. Nonsense, Thomas. In no time, everyone will have one of these. How will it stay standing up? It's only got two wheels. In't it dangerous? It is perfectly safe, thank you, Minnie. Miss Lane, I would not care to think that our conversation yesterday evening had led you to believe I do not value your moral opinion. My moral opinion is you should not be standing for election. But I ask that you show respect for my position. And what exactly is your position? A man's role is to conquer the world. Oh? And what is a woman's role? To love him for it. Thank you. Mr Dowland, I should pay you the courtesy of telling you that, since I hear your opponent, Mr Judd, has come down with a bad case of the gout, I intend to put myself forward as a candidate for our parish. You? Stand for election? Do you suppose I am not up to it? Miss Lane, in the short while I have been in Candleford it has become evident to me that you are the hub of this community. People look up to you, come to you for advice, trust you with their troubles. Why would you want to put all that at risk in a political dogfight? Oh, I think it might be worth it. It is such a good cause. Good day to you, sir. Robert Timmins will tell you to learn your letters for the betterment of yourself. And he's right. But I say there's something better than betterment to be had. It's just... the marvelousness of it. Alf! What are you hiding from me, Alf Arless? Nothin'. In't nothin'. I saw you hiding something. It in't none of your business, that's what. That's a love note from his girl. Oh. Who is she? She in't from nearby. But prettier than a penny to a poor man's eyes. Does she have a name? As lovely as her face. Rose. Twister... stop this. That's all right, Alf. It's my own fault for supposing I have a right to know your affairs. I'm glad for you. Truly. I hope I can meet Rose sometime soon. Oh, you will. I always said Alfie would catch hisself a beauty, and now he has. I best be getting on with my round. Why'd you have to tell her that? Girls need to be kept on their toes. Make 'em fear they're missing out on something. But I don't feel that way no more about Laura. Did you see the look on her face? She don't like the sound of lovely Rose now, do she? Twister, you have me lying to Laura. What am I supposed to say if she asks me about Rose? Tell her Rose gives you a lock of her hair. Tell her Rose can't sleep for pining for you. Tell her Rose is more beautiful each time you set eyes on her. Old Twister knows. The best way to outfox a woman is with another woman. Rose! Old Postie Jasper over in Inglestone happened to say how a postman can earn another shilling a week for taking out his delivery on a bicycle. That is correct. A shilling would be worth putting by, there's no denying that. Then you can have it, Thomas. But, ma'am, you seemed so excited about the bicycle's arrival, and you had that outfit made especially. Did Mr Dowland upset you, ma'am? He did not. Not about the bicycle, anyway. I only thought that him catching you like that seems to have upset you. I would have quite enjoyed it. Did he catch you, ma'am? Not catch. No. Assist. He assisted me. As I saw it, he assisted her into his arms. Minnie, I want you out of my sight! Am I correct in thinking that is an extra shilling EVERY week, ma'am? If the bicycle speeds up the delivery, yes. Then I shall take the thing out. A man cannot resist progress. God's creatures weren't meant to live forever in the caves. I have some news for the both of you. Ma'am? I shall be standing in the Parish elections. You? Ma'am. Suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence. For Adam was first formed, then Eve. I might have hoped for a little more enthusiasm from my own staff. Robert, wouldn't it be better if you and I made some peace between us? We ought at least to be some kind of example to the children. I'll agree with that. We'll let it lie. I only meant that a man and a woman... each has their role in the household. I am a man worn out by a week's long labour. And trying to teach his children their numbers. You can show me respect by not pecking at me. And do you suppose I live the easy life? You sip tea well enough with your neighbours. Women all. Talking about nothing the day long. Oh, Lord! And you're hardly through the door most nights and picking up the newspaper. You seem to forget too easily I go out before dawn every morning to earn what little money keeps this family going. Is that so? Well, I shall do you the favour of telling you the truth for once. This tongue that you say only ever pecks at you has saved you many times from your own hot temper... ..kept you in work with a bit of female persuasion. Love letters you wrote to me. I am fool enough to pick these out sometimes when I'm sat down here alone at night, to sit and read them. Ethel. Frank. Out to play. Go. How did this become a wife wanting to make her husband a dupe in his own home? Robert, you make too much of everything. Too much? I saw it in your eyes, woman. You meant it. My father used to tell me that it's not a man a woman wants, it is children. And she'll use all her wiles to snare him into providing for them. I thought he was no more than a bitter old fool. You make me think it was ME who was the fool. Robert, stop this. You can have your words back. All of them. I have no use for them any more. How dare you? Have you no heart? I wrote those letters. Oh...my poor bones. Mr Dowland, you seem not to be campaigning. I am merely enjoying a glass of champagne. Perhaps you would be kind enough to join me. My neighbours tell me that you seem to have stopped canvassing since I announced my candidacy. Yes. Are you planning to withdraw? It would be disrespectful to the parish to announce that I am standing and then on a whim abandon the cause. Then I don't understand. Why don't you take up the fight? Because I seem to be gaining more by observing my opponent at work. That is not the true reason. I feel it. You object to the very fact that I am standing. Perhaps you are not suited. Suited? I can argue, Mr Dowland. It is my most cherished attribute. One of them. I cannot help but believe that what you take exception to is that I am a woman. It does seem such a shame. A shame? That your loveliness is wasted on the cut and thrust of politics. My loveliness, as you choose to call it, is nothing more than appearance. I mean, clothes... Not at all. Your loveliness is in every ounce of your being. Every word that you speak. The way you josh and needle your neighbours with such delight. It is a living, breathing spirit, the like of which I have never seen before. Yes. Well, you are entitled to your opinion. Mr Dowland, I can only assume that you do not realise the offence you cause, nor the antiquated nature of your thinking. A woman I may be, but I am your political opponent and I demand that you show me the respect of a proper fight. But if I do that, I will win. Your arrogance is only outdone by the dullness of your imagination. You CAN lose. I CAN defeat you. I will outwit you. I will outmanoeuvre you. I will show you what the true nature of politics is, Miss Lane. Please show me the regard of allowing me to prove you wrong. How can I refuse a lady as...? I want no more of your flattery. I accept. Until the fight is done. If you will agree... that, when the results are declared, the winner shall buy supper to console the defeated? Surely we value nothing more than harmony in Candleford? Agreed. I've seen Rose. You've seen her. What we want now is for some other soul to see her. How are we gonna do that? Thomas Brown, might I ask you, did you see a girl going down the lane? I've seen plenty of them. Always do. Which one are you looking for? This one's pretty, and her hair is... Long with curls? That's her. And she's one of those girls shaped rather pleasingly in that way that is... Shapely, not too tall. And you saw her? Well, that's Alfie's girl. Rose. How far up the road was she? About three mile, I'd say. I expect you'll see her tomorrow then, Alfie. Rose. Pretty Rose. Is that YOUR bicycle? Her Majesty's. Miss Lane, we heard the most absurd rumour that you are to stand in the parish elections. It is no rumour, ladies. In fact, I came in to see you today not just to pay my account, but...to ask you for your support. But this must mean you will be opposing Mr Dowland. It is the reason I am putting myself up. You are indeed "putting yourself up", Miss Lane. As long-standing good neighbours, and since I am the first woman to ever stand in our district... I hoped you might show a little fellow-feeling. It is rather thrilling. A woman in politic... You are correct, both of you. We should not pass over opportunities such as these. Women...banding together, in sisterhood. That's pretty enough. And that's kindly of you, what you've done. But I shan't be pulling that thing over MY bones. You are a woman, Lily. As much a woman as any of us, with every right to go out in the world in a comely dress. I can make five bob a week in the fields. Mind, I earns every penny of it. No-one can ever say Lil flinched. Not I! I never asked nobody for nothing and I never shall. I'm a field worker. I have to be. I can't do that if I'm no more than a weakling girl in dresses. You do want to get yourself a man, don't you? How can a girl go her whole life without knowing the taste of a kiss? It's only a dress, Lil. It's only us here together. Where's the harm in trying it on? In't you just a bit curious how you might look? Ladies! I wonder if I might prevail upon your good nature and ask you to display one of my posters in your window? Unfortunately, Mr Dowland, as Miss Lane is your opponent, and since she is a sister in arms, so to speak, your request is not something... My sister has her loyalties spoken for. Let me take the poster. I will ensure that it finds a place of prominence. I would not wish to cause a rift between the most devoted of sisters. Not at all. We are a democratic family. My little sister is free to make her choices, and I am free to make mine. That's very kind of you. And may I say, Candleford has never had so dashing a candidate. I am sure you will sweep us all off our feet. Those that aren't already swept, that is. Thomas, I can't help noticing that since you've been taking out the bicycle, your round is taking you longer than ever. I am becoming acquainted with it, ma'am. Have you actually mounted the thing yet? It is a dangerous machine and must be approached with caution. I can attest to that. Wariness is understandable. But I must point out that until you actually ride it, there can be no extra shilling in your wage packet. Yes, ma'am. Dorcas, hello. Hello! Emma. Mrs Turrill. Forgive me dropping in on you, but I was hoping I might encourage you to use a little female persuasion to convince your husbands to vote for me in the election. I wouldn't lay your hopes in that direction, Miss Lane. Marital relations are still frosty around here. FOOTSTEPS ON STAIRS Why, Lily, you look a picture! Didn't we say as much? It don't seem to fit right. Of course it does. Every bit of you is shown off perfect. No, I mean, I don't feel right. The way you look in that thing, you'll have the men standing in a line just for one of your smiles. Find yourself the right man, you could settle here in Lark Rise! What if I don't want to do that to some man? What if I don't want to do that to myself? It is hard to be always on the road. Yes, I am tired and I would like nothing better than to settle. But why do I have to make myself look like a bunch of posies just to have a home? It ain't me and I shan't do it! Ain't you never liked dressing up, Lily? When I was your age, young Laura, there was a boy took my fancy, and I made myself a dress pretty as any that ever was. I caught his eye, then I caught his heart. Least I thought I did until... another frock caught his eye even better and he was gone. Good pair of boots won't ever go off and leave you, that's for certain. My whole life I have lived in one home, with all the comforts I could wish for. And I love it. I can't imagine what it must be like to pack up your belongings constantly. It must be so tiring. There has to come a time when you feel that you've had enough. Lily, I heard that you'd been sleeping in Caroline's cottage? Well, I only had a little lie down, is all. It is such a wonderful place to point your eyes at the world, isn't it? If you could stay here, Lil, stay right here in your own home, would you do it? I weren't very good with my numbers, Miss Lane, but even I knows the wages a woman can earn ain't gonna pay no rent. The field and the road. The road and the field. No-one can ever say they ever saw Lil Spicer flinch. Not I! No sign of Lil tonight. I thought my ale was tasting better without no elbows sticking in my sides. Let's admit it, lads, what we like most about an hour or two in here is that we can let ourselves imagine a world without women. DOOR OPENS Gentlemen, please forgive us for intruding on your beer-supping, but the landlord has kindly given me permission to address you. As you may know, I am standing in our parish elections and I hope that our past associations will tell you the kind of woman I am and the principles for which I stand. It seems to me that this election has hit upon a most important local issue. Homes. New homes. What I promise is, that if you should you elect me, I will do my utmost to ensure that the rents are affordable for any working man - indeed any working woman - who wished to build a settled life here. Miss Lane, can you tell us, after a man has waited all his life for the right to vote, why should he give it to a woman? Because I am sure your superior male intelligence will make clear to you that you must vote on policies alone. Miss Lane, we get bossed enough by women at home. Why would we want to be bossed by them in the Town Hall? I doubt that anyone has ever bossed YOU, Mr Timmins. Not even your boss. I will leave you to enjoy your leisure, gentlemen. If any of you should wish to speak with me, you can find me in the Post Office. Miss Lane... does it not occur to you that you standing might damage the cause you wish to support? I know the minds of the men round here, and it's the men who pay the rates. The men have the votes. Are you saying that men I have known all of my life might vote against me simply because of my gender? We all respect you, Miss Lane, and we like you enough. But put these men in a booth and ask them to put their cross against a woman's name? I don't think they'll wear it. Then we must go about changing their minds. If I was standing and you... believed a working man had no chance of winning, would you encourage me to fight or would you advise me to stand down in favour of a man in a suit who might win? Laura. Good to see my daughter taking an active interest in politics. My sister would join us but I'm afraid her headache still has the better of her. Then she must have her rest. Pearl can rejoin us at any time. Here it is. Only last year a woman was elected to the parish council in Devon. Only one woman in the whole country? It's a beginning and it does give us hope. How is it some women can vote and some women can't vote? Because some ladies, like Miss Pratt, are property owners, rate payers. But others, like my ma, well, they're just women. Now I see. And what is a vote? I am grateful for your help, my friends, but... I have come to the conclusion that Mr Dowland is right. Our community does need new homes. But he is wrong, because the people who need them most won't be able to afford them. I can't help that my own personal antagonism towards the man has clouded my vision. I am not the best opponent. You are too hard on yourself, Dorcas. I am convinced you would make the most wonderful parish councillor. Ma'am, if I may, I think you would like it a lot, because then you could tell off the whole town like you tell off me! Dear Minnie, I think you may have hit on the problem rather than the solution. Mr Timmins is right. I cannot win. It was naive of me to think that the men are ready for such a heady notion as voting for a woman to rule over them. But, ma'am, what will you do? Perhaps there is someone better suited to take him on. I'm always the one to fix things between us. Why? Because I'm a woman, that's why. But not this time. No. I shall let you sulk and boil all you like. You are the one who can turn the mere slip of the tongue into a quarrel. You are the one puffs out your chest like you know you are always in the right. You are the one insists that everyone else live by your principles. Have you any idea... ..what it's like living with a man like Robert Timmins? How many times have I forgiven you for speaking out of turn? You know a thousand ways to hurt me, but every time I let you back in. I am human. I make mistakes. But by God in heaven, Robert Timmins, I don't make half as many as you do! I am done apologising to you. I am done living my life to make you feel good about yourself. You're right. Perhaps a little unfair about puffing out my chest... ..but I do know what it's like to live with Robert Timmins. I've had to put up with him all my life. Oh, Robert... I've always wanted children, a wife, a home. How can a man get trapped into something he longs for more than anything else in this world? It was cruel of me to say such a thing. A woman rules the house. I thought you were all done apologising? Don't you pick at everything I do and don't say! Good morning, Mr Dowland. I wonder if I might have a few minutes of your time? Be careful what you say, Miss Lane. I reserve the right to introduce anything you might tell me into the combat. Are you saying you would attack me personally? If it were to further my case to bring to light matters which I think the voters should know about, I consider it my political duty to do so. Very well. I see more clearly now what you are capable of. You have seen nothing yet, Miss Lane. Mr Dowland, on the matter of the villas... You are too late. I have already ordered the materials. I have signed the contracts with the builders. But it is parish council land. And when I am elected, I will push through permission to build. You are so certain you will win? Only because I have the moral argument. It is only fair that I should win. If I am wrong, why don't you put my argument to the test? Challenge everything I say in public? A debate. A debate? You and I? It is in the great tradition of British politics. You would not shy away from tradition, would you, Miss Lane? I would relish such an opportunity. Thomas...are you all right? I am certain that if I move one inch, this thing will crash to the ground. Let me help you off it. Steady. Truth is, Laura, I don't believe there's a reason why this thing should balance whilst I am upon it. Motion, Thomas. Forward motion. Like life itself. Nope. What makes this thing go is faith. And I cannot place my faith in two wheels and a handlebar. Well, what are we gonna do with the bicycle? We could send it back, I suppose. Why can't Laura have it? Minnie! What do you think, Laura? Could you cope with this ungodly instrument? I could try, ma'am. She's been looking at it with wanting eyes all week. That will do, Minnie. Yes, ma'am. I must pop out on an errand. I will be gone for an hour or so. What kind of errand, ma'am? The kind of errand, Minnie, that has nothing whatsoever to do with you. Yes, ma'am. "And the dog bit the cat..." Alf! THEY LAUGH I didn't think Thomas Brown would ever get on with a cycle. Well, in't that the cleverest thing?! Poor old horse, I say. The poor old horse might get a rest now! Thomas said how he met Rose on the lane. How pretty she was. Rose give me a lock of her hair. She can't sleep at night for pining. Rose...is more beautiful each time I see her. Can I? Whoa! THEY LAUGH Why, this is my reading book from when I was no more than six or seven! What's this doing here? That's my own childish writing in it. Your pa loaned it to me. That's a good idea, Alf. I'm keeping you from your round. Yes. I should get on. CHILDREN LAUGH AND CHATTER She in't talking to me. Least I think she in't. Or perhaps I in't talking to HER. I can't remember. You've got your hotels in London. Why did you come back, James? You wouldn't believe me if I told you. Perhaps I should decide what I believe. Three hotels... 103 hotels... I realised it was never enough. What I want, Queenie, is something you taught me. Family. Whatever shape it comes in. What is it? Chocolate. Put it away, say no more about it. Still the same little James. But perhaps not QUITE the same. Queenie, it would be a great help to me if you were to encourage the other hamlet folk to come over to Candleford for the debate. I might. Pulling me up on the cart, telling half the parish about my taking in like that... It made me feel uncomfortable, James. Perhaps a bit imposed upon. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that. I push too hard sometimes. I've had to. I learned that's how a man survives. James, you were a boy when you left here. A boy, with nothing. You learn how to fight, Queenie. And then you learn how to enjoy the fight. Miss Lane. I thought perhaps we might toss a coin to decide which of us should speak first. I cannot object to that. You call. Tails. Heads. I shall speak first. It should be to your advantage to be the second speaker. Good luck. And to you. APPLAUSE Thank you. Fellow parishioners, a debate like this should be about policies, not personalities. But we have thrashed out the issues on the hustings, and I cannot let tonight pass without saying a few words concerning Miss Lane. My opponent has conducted herself with the utmost courtesy and grace. I would expect nothing else from a woman of such standing in our community. She has rare integrity. We would be blessed indeed to have such a woman on our parish council. Why am I singing a hymn of praise to this lady? Because if I stood before you and said that this woman was not a remarkable example of the gentle sex, then you would know I was a fool and a liar. (Why does he have to keep saying "woman", "lady" and "gentle sex"? (Oh, I think we know why.) ..to know what is best for the poorest families in the parish and all the womanly know-how to keep good relations with the gentry, and all the feminine guile to handle herself in those smoke-filled council meetings. At this rate, I shall be voting for her myself! THEY LAUGH You must be asking yourselves then, why should we choose Mr James Dowland? Well, in the spirit of fair exchange, I will let Miss Lane tell you that. Miss Lane. APPLAUSE Thank you, Mr Dowland. That was most considered of you. Mr Dowland seems to think you should vote against me simply because I am a woman. I wonder why he would do such a thing? Might he wish to draw your attention away from what really matters? Since he has only been back amongst us for such a little time, we might think Mr JD is a foreigner. I could play the mysterious outsider status. HER VOICE FADES "It's true. "A woman does set out to catch a man. "And I set out to catch you, "sitting up all night making dresses, "buying ribbons I couldn't afford. "But I would have been a fool not to. "I loved you the first time you spoke to me on that lane. "I wanted to marry you when we sat under that tree "and talked about nothing. "And I love you now. "More, if that's possible. "I know what it's like to live with Robert Timmins "and I hope I do so for the rest of my life." I see you have everything ready. You clearly expected to win. I like to be prepared for all eventualities. It might do me good to face such public humiliation. Dorcas, defeat is not humiliation. Defeat is a spur. When you have your eyes on a goal, each set-back merely intensifies the desire to win. I didn't really object to the idea of a woman standing. I just said that to rile you. An opponent disturbed is an opponent weakened. But... ..I am glad that I have won. Evidently. Glad for both of us, I mean. Most of all for you. If I am wrong, I will accept it. If I am right, perhaps you will do me the favour of acknowledging it? You did not really want to win. Not in your heart. The formalities and obligations of office would take away your freedom to be Dorcas Lane, postmistress and chief trouble maker. Am I right? You are right. I did not, in my heart, want to be a councillor. But you are wrong. I suspect I wanted too much to win. I wanted to defeat you. But in the end, none of that really matters. How can it be that none of that really matters when you have put up such a fight? Perhaps because an election is only one way to resolve a battle like this one. At the first council meeting, I shall carry the vote to grant permission to build. I am sure of it. It is done. I don't doubt it. But you have played your hand too early, Mr Dowland. When I knew that you were to hinge your campaign on the fact that I was a woman, I realised I could not win. Win the election, that is. The issue is an altogether different matter. I took the liberty of visiting the last sitting of the old parish council. They let me address them. The outcome of which is that they have fixed the rents of any property to be built on Goldstone Spinney at a shilling a month for the next 20 years. It is law. It is done. But I have signed the contract for them to be built! I have ordered the materials. Mr Dowland... James... Yes? May we eat now? All this electioneering has made me famished. And, as everybody knows, food is my one weakness. CHEERING AND LAUGHTER Lil. Shilling a month. And my name is top of the list. Where's your girl tonight, Alfie? Heard all about your Rose from Twister. He's afraid to bring her, in case all the boys chase after her. I know I would, that's for certain. Hey, how about a song then, boys? # At night when I'm home Sadly tired from my work # When I opens the door she lets fly like a Turk # Take that young squalling wean and get it to sleep # For all the day long no peace shall I keep # In the morning he finds that he's cold at the hip # Another day's waking to the lash of her lip # If this is the comfort of a married life # I wish in my heart I ne'er had a wife! # 'A woman... A man.' You did look handsome on your expounding plank! 'They will always find something to fight over. 'But it seems that the greatest trouble starts when eyes meet. 'And what is begun cannot be halted.' I in't never met anyone who don't believe in God before. George Ellison is a reprobate, and he broke my father's heart. A good Christian woman has been brought low with grief, plunged into the depths of despair by the wicked nature of this man. Well! A pious man like Thomas Brown being made to lodge with a Catholic! Got something living down there. She will have to find a position in another parish. No. No, she cannot. I could not bear that, ma'am. www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 