Aquaman: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Aquaman 
 s1e8 - The Satanic Saturnians/The Brain, the Brave and the Bold/The Space Beast Round-Up - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Aquaman (1967–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - The Satanic Saturnians/The Brain, the Brave and the Bold/The Space Beast Round-Up - full transcript 
 In "The Satanic Saturnians," Aqualad and his friends fight invading Saturnians. / Then, an underwater criminal launches an attack on Atlantis in "The Brain, The Brave And The Bold." / Finally, the Teen Titans mobilize to fight off alien space beasts ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)  Aquaman, swift and powerful  monarch of the ocean with ability to  summon and command all creatures of the deep. Aquaman, who with his  teenage ally Aqualad guards and defends  all that lives in the seas against the forces of evil. Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas. [theme music] Investigating strange  rising tides in a strong new ocean current Aquaman, Aqualad  and their pet walrus Tusky 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 come upon  a startling phenomenon. Great waves, Aqualad. Those icebergs are too far south and are melting fast. 'Water level's rising fast too.' 'By nightfall, that island will be gone.' Does, does this mean the polar cap is melting? (Aquaman) 'If that's so, Aqualad' all the continents will soon be underwater. To the north pole, team. Let's ride. [theme music] (male narrator)  In the frozen Arctic Sea,  a weird spaceship resembling the planet Saturn  hovers over an ice peak. Aboard the craft,  the Satanic Saturnians 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 are busily engaged  in their sinister mission. Our mission goes well, commander. Good. Once we flood this planet, there'll be no Earth men left to resist our invasion. 'Lower the heat ring again.' beep beep beep [dramatic music] Suffering starfish! That's what's melting the icebergs. Gotta stop 'em. - Down, Storm. - Go, Imp. Wow, this water is hot. What could we do to knock out that ring? These killer sharks have teeth sharp enough to cut cables. Stay here, Tusky. chomp Let's have a look at that heat ring. (Aqualad) 'Watch out for those cables, Tusky.' By the moons of Jupiter. Those aquatic Earth humanoids must be destroyed. Retract the cables. (male narrator) Curious, Tusky bites  the offending cable. Now, the hapless walrus  cannot release his hold. Look, Tusky's on the cable. Let go, Tusky. Let go. Tusky! Tusky! (Aquaman) 'He can't let go.' They're gonna sit down on the water. Come on. [whimpers] The Earth creatures approach. Man the mini subs. Attack them. Now, Earth creatures. We shall annihilate you. [laughing] (male narrator) Trapped, Tusky grows panicky at the thought of being  discovered by the Saturnians. Looking for a place to hide he spots the line  of open mini subs and dives into the nearest one. thud Ready, launch! pew pew Leaping lampreys! What are those? Tin fish. Take cover while I test their bite. Come on, Storm, behind the iceberg. [intense music] (Aquaman) 'That gun, wonder what it does.' There's my answer. A sleeve of hard light. Stronger than steel. Good work, number one Sub. He's trapped. Now, crush him. Tighten the rings. Tightening up on me, better send for help. [beeping] Telepathic signal can't penetrate hard light. Oh, no. Aquaman's in big trouble. Let's go. (commander) 'Ships three and four. Get the boy, get him!' 'Fool! He escaped.' 'Who's piloting number six? Get him again, quickly.' If it's playmates you want, I'll send for some. [intense music] It's got me. Aquaman, help! Yikes, here comes another one. bang You imbecile in sub number six 'you shall pay dearly for your stupidity.' kaboom Storm and Imp, gotta move 'em outta there fast. Look, Aquaman. Those tin fish are heading for the horses again. Let's go, squids. Open your jets, full. kaboom That should give 'em a gigantic headache. Only one left, tadpole. Let's go after it. That idiot in number six is the only one left. 'Watch out! They're coming for you.' 'Hit them with your hard light, quickly.' 'Attack them.' I'm going to open these sardine can and see what one of these characters looks like. (Aqualad) 'Jiggling jellyfish! They look just like Tusky.' No time for fooling now. We've gotta take care of that spacecraft. Come on. 'Alright, now, go troops!' Fools! Hit stabilizing rockets. Do something quickly! Whales! A herd of whales is attacking. dong Moving anyone? (Aquaman) 'Keep moving, gang.' Blast off quickly. Back to Saturn before these Earth creatures put rings in our noses. Good riddance. Let's go home. (Aqualad) 'Come on, Tusky.' [dramatic music] (male narrator)  In just a moment,  we will return with another exciting adventure featuring a guest star from the galaxy  of super superheroes. [dramatic music] (male narrator) Here come the Teen Titans a quartet of powering talent. Kid Flash, whose speed defies  the eyes to follow. Wonder Girl, swift  and powerful super lass. Speedy, whose fantastic arrows  perform awesome feats. Aqualad, bold and daring  marine marvel. Fabulous foursome  for right against might. The Teen Titans. An alien spaceship,  yawing and pitching as it obviously fights  to remain aloft breaks into  Earth's atmosphere. Get rid off all our detector equipment and cargo. Creatures, captain. They may kill, destroy. We must lose weight to gain altitude. (male narrator) Now, as the spacecraft  rises up to the clouds a cage loaded  with weird wild beasts crashes to Earth. thud Releasing a dangerous  and deadly menace to the countryside. [theme music] Within minutes,  the Teen Titans are in action. Where are the others, Speedy? Heading for the big round up, Aqualad. (Speedy) 'Wonder Girl's streaking through the wild blue' 'and Kid Flash's zipping over hill and dale.' Okay, hold on, Speedy-o we've gotta get to where the action is. Check. (male narrator) Meanwhile,  the terrified inhabitants of the small country Hamlet  have barricaded themselves against the menace  of a fearsome creature from another planet. [dramatic music] [roaring] Roaring rockets! That must be one of them. [grunting] Merciful maneuver. Kid Flash alone with that monster? There they are. Put down fast, they need help. [growling] Cool it, Wonder doll. Here come the marines. Charge! Here goes a stun arrow. bang Spice him up this time and I'll hit him a mid ship. Aye-aye, sir. Go, Gillhead. bam Up to you, Flasheroo. thud That beast sure has a hard belly. And I hid the match. Great Gaia! Look! Soaring sailfish! What is that? (Kid Flash) 'Must be part two of our war' 'against the beasts from outer space.' It's coming in like a dive bomber. I'll smear him with a boomerang arrow. Too bad, here it comes again. Scatter, Titans. I'll divert it. (Wonder Girl) 'Be careful, Kid Flash.' Watch me flip.. Hey, look! - Kid Flash! - Look out! Ouch! Let go, you overgrown fat. No, you may hit the kid. Let's go after them in the copter. The Kid broke lose, he's falling. Gotcha. Hooray, for the girl marine. Better luck this time, arrowhead. Just hold her steady and leave the action to me. Nice shot, Speedy-o. Bring him down, team. There you go, all propped up like Christmas turkeys. Swell. But our work's not done yet. No, siree, sir. There's one more beast on the loose. An amphibian, right? Leaping lampreys! Look. That must be ship that brought these unearthly creatures. There is one of the creatures, captain. We must retrieve its blood at once. Get going, you two. See you at the spaceship. (male narrator)  At this moment on a ledge  overlooking a large lake the crew of the spaceship  is vainly fighting to recapture one  of its specimens. A huge and ferocious  crocodile like creature. Only one way, we must destroy the beast. Wait. Look. swish swoosh Stranger people coming to attack us. Blast them! Stop! We've come to help. 'Oh, boy.' Look. They've challenged the beast. [whooshing] Back you go. Mustn't hurt anyone. He's in your home now, Baby Jones. You know it, Robin Hood. Hey, you guys. Hand me a net. There's a net in the copter, twinkle toes. Grab it. Fast! boing 'Hop above the ropeway.' Go, Flasheroo! Go! Catch, kiddies. Let's go, boy. Forgive us, young earthlings, for the trouble we caused. We are interplanetary hunters. Had we known we could repair our ship.. Forget it. We're just glad no one got hurt. Come on, Gillhead. Let's show 'em where the other two creatures are. So long, Titans. See you at the next meeting. (male narrator) Coming up next.. ...more action-packed  adventures with Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas. Featuring Aqualad  and Tusky, the walrus. A sleek silvery submarine  glides silently to a stop within site of the  domed city of Atlantis. Atlantis! Jewel of the sea. At last, your riches shall be mine. For now, I, the Brain have the means with which to deal with Aquaman. 'Now, lower the Sonic Brainwave Tomb.' beep beep [theme music] (male narrator)  Alerted to  the strange submarine by his underwater  detection system Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas streaks to investigate  with his young friend Aqualad and Tusky, the walrus. pew pew Leaping lampreys, Aquaman. Look! (Aquaman) 'Missile attack.' 'Intercept.' boom boom pew pew (male narrator)  Aquaman's telepathic commands swiftly brings his  fish allies on the scene. boom Activate the Sonic Brainwave's maximum frequency. beep beep beep - Aquaman, what is that? - I don't know. 'But our fish army is deserting.' 'I'll call them back.' Ha-ha! My sonic brain wash is working perfectly. beep beep beep Whoa, Storm! Whoa, boy! (Aqualad) 'Not in there, Imp.' 'You too, Tusky.' All the sea creatures will no longer respond to Aquaman's commands. Now, he's helpless. This is serious, minnow! I've lost my control over the fish. (Aqualad) 'They're being brainwashed by that sound' 'and those lights.' Go out and destroy him. Move, Aqualad. Fast! pew pew pew bam bam bam Wow! Three strikes. Almost too easy. (Aqualad) 'Aquaman!' Storm, get Aquaman. I'll take care of that ambusher. Take Aqualad! Bring him to me. Good boy, Storm. Tusky, what's happened to Aqualad? They've taken him off, huh? Let's go get him. (Brain) 'A little more of this Brainwave treatment' 'and Aqualad will be ready to destroy Aquaman for me.' Hope those infernal sonic waves haven't brain washed all my friends. Let's go, troops. Aquaman, and an army of sea creatures approaching, master. Shall I activate the Sonic Brainwave Tube? No. Watch how Aqualad does his friend in for me. 'Release him.' Look. Aqualad. 'He's escaped.' Aqualad, what's the matter with you? I gave him superhuman strength, you see. He's more than a match for Aquaman now. Great waves! He's been brainwashed. Got to stop him. Come on, tadpole. Snap out of it. But I'll fix you for good. Aqualad, stop! For a minnow, you packed the wallop of a mule. Aquaman, what.. What am I doing here? Never mind that now. Let's go get 'em. Follow me, troops. That brat recovered. Set sites and elevations. Standby to fire on the city. Quick! Turn on the Brainwave. Fire everything we've got. pew pew The fish can take care of the missiles. We've got to stop that Brainwave. [dramatic music] boom Who commanded that submarine, Aqualad? He called himself, "The Brain." Hmm, it just goes to prove you can have a brain and still not be very smart. Let's go home. [theme music] [music continues] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 