Aquaman: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Aquaman 
 s1e6 - Vassa - Queen of the Mermen/The Microscopic Monsters/The House of Doom - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Aquaman (1967–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Vassa - Queen of the Mermen/The Microscopic Monsters/The House of Doom - full transcript 
 Mechanical whales under the command of "Vassa - Queen Of The Mermen" attacks Aquaman. / Black Manta strikes again, using mutant plankton, in "The Microscopic Monsters." / Atom must free the professors from "The House Of Doom." This segment includes g ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)  Aquaman! Swift and powerful  monarch of the ocean. With ability to summon  and command all creatures of the deep. Aquaman, who with  his teenaged ally, Aqualad guards and defends  all that lives in the seas against the forces of evil. Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas. [theme music] (male narrator)  From a distant sea  a strange flotilla approaches Aquaman's  home waters. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 From afar, they appear  to be whales. But actually they are  mechanical replicas manned by evil Mermen. Attention, Mermen. 'Today, the Sea King's reign will end.' Henceforth, I, Queen Vassa, will rule the Seven Seas. Ah. Aquaman's friend Mera. Capture her. [intense music] [yelps] [barking] (Mera) 'Oh, Tusky, it's just a whale.' Your right. It's not a real whale. Go, Tusky, go. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [neighing] Aquaman, help! Come quick, please. - That's Mera. - Let's ride. [neighing] Let's go. [intense music] The whale ship captured her. They're turning. Heading back toward us. I'll send for a reception committee. Pressure is terrific. Must hold out until help arrives. Hold on, Aquaman. Here come the troops. If he lets go, it'll snap shut on him. Come on. [intense music] Good work, team. (male narrator)  Applying his great strength Aquaman breaks off the solid-steel tail flukes  of the whale ship. Then rudderless, the metallic  monster runs wild. Holy halibut! It's gonna crash into that reef. And Mera's inside. thud Mera, be ready to zip out. Fast. (Mera) 'Hurry, Aquaman, hurry.' thud Come on. Let's get out of here. Wait, Aquaman. There are four other ships heading for Atlantis. We've gotta stop 'em, tadpole. - I wanna go with-- - No. You go to the Aquacave. (male narrator)  At this moment Queen Vassa's whale ships take battle positions outside the dome city. All ships, fire shock rays. 'Atlantis must be destroyed.' crack Excellent. It's cracking. 'Hit it again and again.' How are we gonna break this up, Aquaman? We need help, fast. (male narrator)  Responding to  the Sea King's summons marine creatures of all types race to the scene  of the impending disaster. But meanwhile, destructive rays  from Queen Vassa's whale ships continue to bombard  the dome of Atlantis. It's that blasted Aquaman. Break formation! Repel the attackers! (Aqualad) 'Uh-oh, the ship's out of control.' boom We still have two ships. Blast Aquaman out of the sea. - Destroy him. - Charge. If it's a charge they want, we'll give it to 'em. 'With electric eels.' - Aah! - Abandon ship. It's running wild. Heading towards Aqualad and Imp. Let's stop it, big fellow. Go, Imp. Get out of here. crash Good work, my sea elephant. Now, only Vassa's ship is left. I, Vassa, will not be defeated. Ram the dome. Destroy the city. Storm, grab the chain. Hold on, Storm. Hold on for dear life. Well, well. If it isn't the princess of whales. I'm not a princess, I'm a queen. Queen of what? [Tusky barking] Look. thud Alright, Aquaman. You win this time. I'm your prisoner. No, you're a prisoner only of your own greed and ambition. - Go home, Queen Vassa. - Very well, I'll go. But I shall return one day. (Aqualad) 'Uh-oh. Tusky's in trouble.' Again? Settle down, whiskers. That was no whale ship. You rammed a real whale, Tusky. See? Come on. Let's go. [intense music] (male narrator) In just a moment, we'll return  with another exciting adventure featuring a guest star from the  galaxy of super superheroes. [intense music] (male narrator)  Through the magic alchemy  of nature's most awesome sources  of energy Ray Palmer, atomic physicist  becomes...The Atom. A power-packed mighty mite whose brilliant mind and great  strength serve law and order against crime and injustice. Tiny Titan,  scourge of evil-doers! The Atom. Tracking the source  of a series of strange atmospheric  disturbances a scientific investigating team  comes to a concrete structure in an isolated countryside. These radioactive emanations come from this block house, gentlemen. No doubt of that. But what do you suppose this is, Professor Palmer? There's only one way to find out. Come on. [instrumental music] Oh! Greetings, gentlemen. - Let go of me. - Unhand me at once. - What's goin' on here? - What's the meaning of this. You're just in time to witness my triumph. As soon as we have generated maximum power you shall see for yourselves. And it'll be the last thing you'll ever see. Good work, Dr. Rokar. We, of the planet Zirgo will reward you well. Once you have wiped out Earth's capacity for space exploration. [intense music] - Blake, Palmer? - Blake here, Sims. You alright, Palmer? (Sims) 'He must've passed out.' Right, this is where Palmer passes out and the Atom comes in. (male narrator)  Clicking a secret belt switch Ray Palmer activates the  awesome energy that shrinks him to the minute titanic form  of the Atom. First job is to free the prisoners. (male narrator)  But now as the Atom breaks,  an electric eye beam.. - Uh-oh. - Escape attempt. Robots, intercept quickly. Jack be nimble, Jack be quick. It's the Atom. Destroy him. Destroy him! The Atom? Where did he come from? Sorry, pals, I've got other ideas. I've got to get to your electronic brain. Now I think I've got this guy on my team. Blast that Atom! He's destroying the robots! Now I can release my friends. - Everybody out! Hurry! - What about Professor Palmer? Get goin'. I'll take care of him. Control room alert. Maximum power reached. Activate destructo units now. Destructo unit on, Dr. Rokar. Good. Return to headquarters at once. Your too late, Atom. In just 30 seconds a massive jolt of radioactive waves 'will destroy every missile launching site on Earth.' I gotta get to the main transmitter source.. ...fast. That looks like a miniature nuclear battery. 'That must be it.' Do something, Rokar, before that miniature man ruins all. Don't worry. It's too late now for anything to stop us. I think if I reverse the polarity this thing will turn into a self-destruct bomb. I was right. The impulses are returning to the source. I better beat it. [intense music] boom boom Great balls of fire! He, he blew it up. Wiped out all my work. You stupid fool! - I warned you. - But, but.. You shall pay for this blunder, puny Earthling. Atom, what happened? Where's Professor Palmer? Palmer's okay. I only exploded the beam transmitter. Appar.. Hold it, the control room operator. I'll bet he's heading back to Rokar's hideout. Pull this sapling back and fire me toward that car. Then you go back to the lab. I'll see that Palmer joins you there. Let go...now! (male narrator)  Catapulted through the air  the Tiny Titan lands sure-footed on  the speeding car. Letting himself down into  an open window, he swings in. And flips to  the seat back. And still unseen by the driver slides noiselessly  down to hide. And what if the Atom finds us here? Forget it. No one will ever trace us to this place. I'm worried about what those jokers on planet.. Who's that? [car engine revving] Time to blow this joint. We're safe, Rokar. I got away before the Atom could follow me. That's what you think, pal. Holy smoke! The Atom. Shoot him down. [gunshots] You guys need a bigger target! (Rokar) 'There he is.' What those nuts need.. ...are a few bolts. Get him, now! - Ow! - Ow. Catch him, hurry! These ball bearings should give you more speed. Watch out. [groaning] crash Idiots. I'll take care of that runt myself. While they're still out, I'll just pin them down with this stapling gun. click click click click Now is my chance. That ought to.. Wow! Now I'll get you, little man. crash My-my, how destructive you are. (Rokar) 'I'll get you if it's the last thing I ever do.' Heads up, Rokar! [screams] This tape should hold you for a while. Those men from planet Zirgo, they forced me to work for them. You must believe me. Sure, sure. Tell it to the judge, Rokar. (male narrator) A short while later,  on the campus of Ivy University the three scientists  are reunited. So, then the Atom came back and got me out. A very convenient explanation, Palmer. Too bad we can't prove otherwise. Hmm? Nonsense. How could quiet, scholarly Professor Palmer possibly be the Atom? (male narrator)  Coming up next,  more action packed adventures with Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas. Featuring Aqualad  and Tusky the walrus. [instrumental music] [neighing] (male narrator)  In the lush growth  on the floor of the sea Aquaman prepares to test  his latest invention. Now watch, Aqualad. And you'll see these microscopic sea plankton 'suddenly grow to ten times normal size.' (male narrator) But the Sea King  and his young aide are unaware that nearby hidden  in the undergrowth lurks the weird Mantaship. Operated by his arch enemy,  Black Manta and the crew of evil Mantamen. [laughing] That device could prove very useful to me.. ...if it works. Here it goes. [zapping] (Aqualad) It works great, Aquaman. Look at those babies grow. (Aquaman) 'Yes. But I didn't count on their growing that big.' [instrumental music] Fantastic! I must add that gadget to my arsenal. Stand by to take it for me. Hang to this, Aqualad. I've got to corral those plankton. Now, while Aquaman's occupied go fetch that device! And bring Aqualad too, as a hostage. Good boy, Tusky. Tusky, Storm, stand back. (male narrator)  With incredible speed and power Aquaman spins  like a propeller creating a wall of water  which pushes the giant plankton toward a formation  of rock-like coral. Nice going. [dramatic music] That ought to hold you. Great waves! Black Manta's men have got Aqualad. Go, Storm, go! [dramatic music] Good work, men. Now, I've got Aquaman just where I want him. You don't really think you're gonna get away from Aquaman? - Do you? - Hah. If he dares attack me I know just how to handle him. Take him away! (male narrator)  As the Sea King races to catch up to the Mantaship telepathic waves fan out  from his brain summoning an undersea army  of sea creatures to his aid. pew pew [dramatic music] Need those big claws of yours, lobster. [zapping] Blast that fish-man. Out, all of you. Attack Aquaman! Destroy him! Annihilate him! So, they wanna play. 'Let's give 'em a real ball game.' [dramatic music] [electricity crackling] [neighing] thud thud Now for Black Manta. (Black Manta) 'Stop, Aquaman!' 'Have you forgotten' 'that Aqualad is my prisoner?' Allow me to depart with your invention and Aqualad goes free. Otherwise.. Don't make any deals with him, Aquaman. (male narrator)  Again the Sea King  issues a telepathic summons and soon responding  to the call of their monarch electrically-charged  torpedo rays rocket toward the Mantaship. I'll magnify every plankton in the sea unless you let me go, Aquaman. Pounding pig-fish! He's got us stymied, Aquaman. - 'No, wait! No!' - Huh? clang Blasting blow-fish! 'Every plankton in the area is growing.' [Manta laughing] Farewell, Sea King. I leave you to your fate. Move, troops. We've got to keep these babies from spreading all over the ocean. [intense music] bam bam bam bam crash [crackling] Help, Aquaman. We're trapped. Hang on, tadpole! [crackling] Look, Aquaman. 'Those plankton are shrinking to normal.' Must have been the venom in the stingray's tail. Come on, let's put 'em to work. [dramatic music] [crackling] Well, this just about wraps it up, tadpole. Yeah, too bad we lost Black Manta though. I'm sure he'll turn up again soon. What's Tusky up to? He's ribbing Imp for starting all that trouble. [barking] [both laughing] [theme music] [music continues] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 