Aquaman: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Aquaman 
 s1e11 - Goliaths of the Deep-Sea Gorge/The Sinister Sea Scamp/Take a Giant Step - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Aquaman (1967–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Goliaths of the Deep-Sea Gorge/The Sinister Sea Scamp/Take a Giant Step - full transcript 
 The Gill Man asks Aquaman for help saving his people from the mammoth marine mastodon man in "Goliaths Of The Deep-Sea Gorge." / The team is attacked by "The Sinister Sea Scamp." / A mad scientist pilots a mechanical giant toward the city in "Take A ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)  Aquaman, swift and powerful  monarch of the ocean with ability  to summon and command all creatures of the deep. Aquaman, who with his  teenage ally, Aqualad guards and defends all  that lives in the seas against the forces of evil. Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas. [theme music] [barking] As Tusky,  the Aquaduo's pet walrus playfully chases  a butterfly fish.. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...he is unaware that he's  being pursued by a Gillman a giant creature of the deep half human, half fish. [theme music] Descending from a routine  surface patrol Aquaman and Aqualad  are alerted to danger by Tusky's frightened barking. That's Tusky. I wonder what's.. (Aquaman) 'The Gillman, chasing him. Come on.' Let's go, Imp. Gallopin' guppies, Aquaman. How are we gonna handle that monster? We'll put a blinder on him. (Aquaman) 'That empty shell.' 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Slow down, buster. Great whales. He sure is powerful. Yes. We're going to need help. [barking] thud thud thud Responding to a telepathic  summon from Aquaman a pair of giant squids  move swiftly to his aid. Now just take it easy, big fella. Aquaman. Why did you try to capture our walrus? Not capture, follow. Hoping he would lead me to Aquaman. - My people need your help. - You expect us to believe? Easy, tadpole. Why were you looking for me? My people need your help. Quickly. We've been attacked by a giant. A mammoth marine Mastodon Man from the lower sea. If you don't come soon.. Sufferin' sea cows! A Marine Mastodon. Sounds bad. Go on. Lead us to your village. There's the Mastodon Man. (Aqualad) Wow. Look at the size of that monster! roar See how he destroys our homes. - He's got to be stopped. - The monster's got a Gillman. We must break him loose. Quick. roar pew pew pew roar Better lure him out of this village before he destroys more houses. Follow me. thud roar roar We can't handle this monster ourselves. I'm calling for help. With this Goliath, we'll need plenty. [barking] Come on, we've got to lead him to a different battleground. [dramatic music] (Aqualad) 'Here come the troops.' Where is Tusky? Look, there. (Aquaman) 'Oh, no.' As the frantic Tusky  tries to escape the Mastodon Man extends  his trunk and inhales causing a powerful  suction stream. Too strong  for the hapless walrus. (Aquaman) 'Watch out, Aqualad!' bam zap zap thud whoosh Get away, tadpole. Fast. No. I'll stop him, Aquaman. [groans] - Where does it hurt? - My shoulder. [barking] He's charging us. 'Quickly, everyone, into that crevice.' thud [groans] Easy, tadpole. You'll be safe in here. whoosh Hang on, team. 'Alright, big boy.' Here is something to pack in your trunk. You've got him now, Aquaman. Let's go get him. Stay put, tadpole. That's an order. 'Watch him, Tusky.' roar Uh-oh, there it goes like a deadly missile 'right at the village!' [whirring] Out of the way, Tusky. Gotta help Aquaman. [barking] roar roar It's got Aqualad. (Aqualad) Stalagmites. Oh, no! Full speed, hammerhead before he slams the boy down on that bed of spikes. thud Go, my sea elephants, go! Help! Aquaman! Oh. Thanks, Aquaman. What if I get hit once more? It's all over, tadpole. 'See? There goes the Mastodon.' Aquaman, how can we ever thank you and your friends? Don't bother. We're glad to be of service. What will happen to the Mastodon Man, Aquaman? (Aquaman) 'The whales will drop him in a deep hole' 'which leads to the subterranean sea.' And that's the last you'll see of the Mastodon Man. Look. Oh, no! roar Tusks and all. Come on, team. Let's give him the treatment. [barking] [laughing] [instrumental music] In just a moment, we'll return with another exciting adventure  featuring a guest star from the galaxy  of super superheroes. (male narrator)  A scarlet costume ejects  from his ring. And in a blur of motion, Police scientist Barry Allen  becomes.. ...the Flash,  world's fastest human. The Flash  whose speed enables him to drive right through  solid walls and conquer the barriers  of time and space in the pursuit of evildoers. The Flash. Scarlet Speedster for Justice! In his laboratory workshop on the outskirts  of Central City the criminal scientist  Professor Crag reaches the climax  of a fateful experiment. You, my beauty, are my greatest creation. Now let's test your powers. Now as police scientist  Barry Allen drives through the city.. (man on radio) 'All cars, emergency. Uh-oh.' 'Giant robot reported stalking North Countryside' 'causing mass destruction.' [dramatic music] Wally, meet me at North Countryside as Kid Flash. Triggering a secret switch  on his ring Barry Allen releases  the crimson costume of the Flash,  world's fastest human. [chuckling] I have the strength of an army. vroom zap boom This way, Kid Flash. whoosh [gasps] (Kid Flash) Yow! Gotcha. [laughs] Think you can stop me? We sure can't bring that baby down with our bare hands, Flash. No, but maybe we can bowl it over with those rocks. I get the message. Go go go, Flasher! [screams] crash Ha! They think they are clever. I'll show you I'm even more clever. zap whoosh [dramatic music] [train honking] Come on, Kid Flash! (Flash) Let's get this handcar moving. [train honking] Throw the brakes, now! 'Set for reverse direction.' And away we go. [train honking] Now what, Flash? Only one man in the world could make such a fantastic robot. Professor Crag. On target. Let's go! A giant robot? Here? [laughs] Surely you don't think I'd create such a monstrosity. We know your shady reputation, Crag. We're going to search this place. [laughing] (Kid Flash) Yikes. Oops. [Crag laughing] Yes. Here is your giant robot. [laughs] But by finding it you have sealed your doom 'for now my robot guardians' 'will never let you out of here alive.' [laughs] Now I walk to the science fair to wreak vengeance on those who scoffed at my robot creation. Look out! Oh, boy. How do we get past that? Get set to streak through during the second they stay open. Ready, set, go! whoosh - Phew. - This way, come on. Careful now. slam Great thunder. More robots closing in on us. Oh, boy. Now we may never get to Crag. [Crag chuckling] (Crag) The beautiful science fair. Soon it will be nothing but a mass of rubble. Our only escape is through the wall. Let's go! Vibrating at the speed of light their body molecules pass between the molecules  of the wall leaving their structures  undisturbed. Think we're in time to stop Crag? We'll know in a second. Ha! Earth and their man-made satellites. A pretty place to start my destruction. boom boom Next, the world itself. [Crag laughs] Keep him off balance, Kid. bam thud You won't get away again. - Decoy tactics. - Check. - Spin those props. - Wilco. whirr I'll fix you now. Let's see you get past this barrier. [swooshing] Look out, Flash. bonk - End of the line. - All out. He's all yours, gentlemen. No trick robots in this place, genius. 'Just a plain old cell.' (Flash) 'But cheer up, Crag.' Think of all the time you'll have to build bigger and better robots. Yeah, in the prison workshop. Coming up next,  more action-packed adventures with Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas. Featuring Aqualad  and Tusky the Walrus. [neighing] (male narrator)  On a journey to an underwater  mountain range for a supply of rare phosphorus Aquaman leads his group through a maze of steep canyons until they arrive  at the valley of glowing rocks. This is big enough to light Atlantis for a year. Careful, tadpole. 'Rember, phosphorus is poisonous to the touch.' Okay, Storm, Imp. Get set. Now as the Aquateam  wends its way back to the torturous maze  of canyons Tusky playfully chases  a lantern fish. Suddenly, the mischievous  walrus realizes he is lost. Meanwhile  in a sleek submarine above Tusky's predicament is being  observed by three Bulks. Weird, malevolent mutants. [instrumental music] One of them turns  to alert their commander the Sinister Sea Scamp. What is it, Bulk? An intruder? A walrus. Ha! We'll scare the daylights out of him with my animator beam. zap Aquaman, Tusky's missing. Must have wandered off and got lost. Storm, Imp, stay and guard the rock. Let's go, tadpole. [dramatic music] Slithering seaweed. A serpent made of grass. And he's got Tusky. Better get some lawnmowers. [beeping] Using his telepathic power the Sea King summons  a school of thresher sharks. Clear out, fast. Aquaman, help. Coming, minnow. [clapping] They've turned our animated kelp monster into a tossed salad. [dramatic music] zap (Aqualad) Look, Aquaman, that coral. It's coming alive. [crackling] Down, Storm, down. [snarling] bam [barking] [snarling] (Aquaman) 'Tusky, help Aqualad out of there.' I'll hold this off till help gets here. [snarling] An armada of sea creatures  respond to the Sea King's  telepathic summons. But this time,  they are no match for Aquaman's adversary. [laughs] Look, look. 'Those fish are hurting themselves' 'more than my coral monster.' No good. Only one way to destroy that coral creature. Let's go, school sharks. [dramatic music] bam [snarling] thud Drat that Aquaman. There must be some way to get him. Oh-oh. Look! (Aquaman) 'A Sea Scamp. So that's the troublemaker.' Let's go, troops. They're attacking me with an army of fish. Must think of something. Uh, wait, I know. I'll animate their phosphorous rock. zap [crackling] Look what's chasing Storm. (Aquaman) 'That's phosphorous. Stay clear of it.' Its touch is poisonous. I'm warning all fish. [intense music] Now I've got them on the run. [chuckling] Keep moving. Maybe we can lose it in this maze of canyons. There must be some way to stop this...phosphorescent...thing. It is phosphorous and that's inflammable. So I'll turn on the ignition. Watch. This time the King of the Sea summons a school of stargazers. Electric sparkplugs  of the sea. zap boom That does it. Now I'm going to destroy them. 'Run them down.' Well, that's the end of that animated rock. But not the end of our troubles. Look. (Sea Scamp) 'Get out, you Bulks.' 'Tear them to pieces.' Watch out for those creatures. [neighing] bam bam The Scamp. He's getting away. Bull whales and sharks, follow me. thud thud Everybody, watch out. Move away. boom (Aqualad) Well, that takes care of the Sea Scamp. (Aquaman) Yes, too bad. (Aqualad) 'Flipping flounders.' Where did you find him? Let me go. Let me go, you-you-you rock thieves. What are we gonna do with him, Aquaman? Take him to Atlantis. No, no. Where maybe his brilliant mind can produce inventions other than weapons for destruction. Good idea, Aquaman. Okay. Let's pick up another chunk of phosphorous and head for home. [neighing] [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 