Aquaman: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Aquaman 
 s1e12 - The Devil Fish/The Sea Scavengers/To Catch a Blue Bolt - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Aquaman (1967–…): Season 1, Episode 12 - The Devil Fish/The Sea Scavengers/To Catch a Blue Bolt - full transcript 
 Black Manta steals a new experimental boat/submarine in "The Devil Fish." / The team fights Scavo and his scavengers at an offshore oil rig in "The Sea Scavengers." / A super-fast alien comes to Earth seeking revenge in "To Catch A Blue Bolt." This s ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)  Aquaman, swift and powerful  monarch of the ocean with ability  to summon and command all creatures of the deep. Aquaman, with his  teenage ally, Aqualad guards and defends all  that lives in the seas against the forces of evil. Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas. [theme music] In the Aquacave, undersea  headquarters for Aquaman a signal light flashes. beep beep beep 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Land communication signal, Aquaman. Open the secret courier's hatch, tadpole. Hatch open. [barks] Quiet, Tusky. This is important. Hold the fort, Aqualad. I'll be back soon. (Aqualad) 'Hold it, whiskers. We heard what he said.' [dramatic music] [neighs] Quiet, Storm. Don't be impatient. [theme music] [chuckles] Meet the Devil Fish, Aquaman. I'm Mark Bartholomew, test pilot. I've heard of you, Mark. Welcome. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [neighs] Easy, Storm. Easy. I'm sure glad the navy got you to supervise the secret sea trials of the Devil Fish, Aquaman. So am I, Mark. We best go below before we're spotted. Good idea. Calm down, boy. Let's go. As Aquaman, unaware that he was  overheard, leaves the scene an evil Manta Man streaks off to report to his master,  Black Manta. A short while later the Devil Fish  starts her sea trial. Leapin' lampreys! What a boat! (Aquaman) 'It's the most advanced experimental craft' 'ever developed, tadpole.' 'It can race all men under the water' 'as fast as any jet in the air' 'outmaneuver a shark' and its secret metal alloy skin can crash through rock and steel. [crash] In the nearby Manta ship where he is secretly  observing the test Aquaman's arch enemy  Black Manta mutters greedily. Fantastic. I must have that ship. I will have it. Wow! It's too much. Now watch how it maneuvers around moving obstacles. Telepathically summoned  by Aquaman a school of blue whales  barrels head on toward the onrushing  Devil Fish. Aquaman, it's gonna crash into those whales. (Aquaman) 'Don't you believe it.' - How about that? - Phew! I'm gonna follow him, Aquaman. Come on, Tusky. (Black Manta) Here it comes. Stand ready to drop the net. [zapping] Mark to Aquaman. Severe pocketing! [swoosh] 'Now I'm caught in a steel net.' That's not part of my test. Go, Storm. Manta-Men. Come on, Tusky. bam (Aquaman) 'Let's go, troops.' Must drive these Manta-Men off. bam [dramatic music] Attaboy, Mark. Full power! Make them follow us. Keep going, Mark. We'll get rid of Black Manta. I'll swing around and ram him. No, that will risk your ship. Let's get him, team. They come, master. Shall I fire on them now? No, no! Let them follow us to our hideaway. There we can destroy them once and for all. Great guppies! Mark's chasing them. No, Mark. No! Holy haddock! He followed Black Manta into the great whirlpool. Fool. 'Mark, Mark.' 'Mark, answer me.' I'm going down after him, minnow. - Me too. - 'Negative.' (Aquaman) Too dangerous. Wait here. At this moment, the Devil Ship,  its pilot unconscious is carried by a strong current into the awesome silence  of an ancient civilization far beneath  the floor of the sea. Its crumbling ruins now  a hideaway for Black Manta. I told you, this fabulous Devil Ship would be mine. What happened? Where-where am I? Ha, quick! Grab him! [dramatic music] (Aquaman) Take off, Mark. Fast! Destroy that golden head meddler. pew pew pew Hope I can find help down here. As Aquaman hopefully issues  a telepathic summons for help Mark sends the Sea Devil crashing through  the stone pedestal sending Black Manta  and his bodyguards toppling into the icy waters. - Let's go, troops. - Annihilate them! Don't let them get out of here alive. [thud] Now, Mark. Quick! Get going. Pronto. Follow me. Seal all four exits now! [dramatic music] I'm going down after. [barks] Aquaman! I was afraid we'd never see you again. So was I, minnow. [beeping] (Aquaman) 'Good work, boys.' [explosion] (Aquaman) 'Well, the Sea Devil's safe from Black Manta now.' - I hope we all are. - So do I, tadpole. Come on, let's head for home. [theme music] In just a moment, we'll return with another exciting adventure  featuring a guest star from the galaxy  of super superheroes. (male narrator)  A scarlet costume  ejects from his ring and in a blur of motion,  police scientist Barry Allen becomes the Flash,  world's fastest human. The Flash  whose speed enables him to drive right through  solid walls and conquer the barriers  of time and space in the pursuit of evildoers. The Flash,  Scarlet Speedster for justice. A pencil thin ray  of intense blue light stabs through the dark abyss  of space in arched order. And when the beam  strikes the ground just outside Central City, USA a sleek alien being appears. Earth again, where I have super speed and this time I'll get revenge on the Flash by creating havoc all over his helpless world. [laughter] In his lab,  police scientist Barry Allen alias the Flash, and his  team sidekick, Wally West otherwise known as Kid Flash,  pick up alarming signals. [theme music] It's Blue Bolt alright, Wally. He's back on Earth and you know what that means. Time for us to get into our speed gear, kid. Instantly, they each  trigger secret switches on identical rings  releasing a crimson costume of the world's fastest human. [crackling] The Flash and Kid Flash. Now let's join the jet set. According to the hypervelocity detector Blue Bolt's heading for Europe. Let's get him. Within seconds, the super duo  race across the Atlantic on cushions of air  created by there super speed. Far ahead,  Blue Bolt nears the dikes and windmills of Holland. Like a bolt of blue lighting the alien being bursts  through the main dike wall again and again and again permitting the surging seas  to flood the lowlands. That ought to hold the Flash for a while. [laughing] Look, Blue Bolt's dirty work. We've got to work fast before the sea covers the Netherlands. Come on. Almost faster  than the eye can follow Flash piles rock after rock  to Kid Flash who with matching speed  fills the holes in the dike. Then with the rushing waters  checked... (Kid Flash) 'No wind. How are the windmills gonna pump this water out?' I'll show you how, junior. Why didn't I think of that? As the Scarlet Speedsters  make the windmills spin at fantastic speed. First these pumps  are set to operating and soon the land  is once more dry. That's that. Now let's try to catch Blue Bolt before he creates more havoc. Now miles ahead  in Paris, France. Ah! This ought to be great fun. [laughs] As the lightning swift  Blue Bolt streaks around  the Eiffel Tower a bolt of energy  leaps skyward through space until it reaches  a giant solar flare erupting from the surface  of the sun. Now, hit the tower. [laughing] That solar energy will destroy that tower before you can say the Flash! There he goes. Come on, we can catch him. Wait. We've got to something fast before this tower explodes. Ah! A telephone cable truck. Grab one these wires, Kid. Let's go. Hurry. Loop the wire around you. Now, follow me. Go, Kid! Go! (Kid) Ow! This is hot now. Enough. Get away, fast! (Kid Flash) 'Holy smokes!' 'Dig those crazy fireworks!' (Flash) 'Turning the tower into a repeller of solar energy' 'sure cooled this scene.' Yeah. Now, let's see if we can cool Blue Bolt. First, we've got to catch him. Come on! At this moment,  Blue Bolt reaches the pyramids of Egypt. Ah-ha! The sphinx. It's got a secret. But so have I. I'm going to rock this ancient beauty until it turns to dust. [laughing] Flash, look. It's Blue Bolt. Uh-oh! Better hit the road. - Now, we've got him. - Yes. He can't make any detours out here. (Kid Flash) He's created a sandstorm. 'Yow! Can't see him anymore.' (Flash) 'Keep going straight ahead.' There he goes. Come on. Let's put an end to this world tour. Now the two Flashes exert their super human speed  to the utmost. Catching up to,  then passing the Blue Bolt. Suddenly... (Flash) Slam on your breaks! [screeching] Now what? We've got to send him out of this world. But how? At the speed he's going... There's how. Let's roll her. Fast to that sand dune. - Here he comes. - Hold it right here. Oh! I can't stop. - Lift. Fast. - No! No! [crackling] (Kid) 'Whoo!' Like shot out of a cannon. Minutes later  in Central City, USA back at Barry Allen's lab.. Whew! These round-the-world tours can be tiring. Well, think of how tired Blue Bolt must be. He's got a lot farther to travel. Right, but he... [beeping] Uh-oh! The hypervelocity detector. That jagged blue line. Can that be.. Blue Bolt! He's back. Wait. What's that? It came from behind there. (Kid Flash) 'Holy smokes!' Here's your Blue Bolt, Kid Flash. A kitten. Phew! Glad we didn't have to run any further. Ouch. That was perfectly terrible. Coming up next more action-packed adventures  with Aquaman King of the Seven Seas. Featuring Aqualad  and Tusky the Walrus. [neighing] (male narrator)  On a Texas tower, an offshore  oil drilling platform Aquaman and Aqualad read  a sinister threatening message received a few hours ago  by the crew foreman. "Remove your tower from this area at once. "If removal doesn't start by noon I shall destroy it. Signed, The Sea Scavenger." Holy haddock! It's almost noon now. Yeah, and with my crew scared off, I'm alone. At this moment, Tusky  and the seahorses go panicky at the approach  of the Submarobot a monstrous steel robot controlled from within  by Scavo and his Scavengers scourge of the sea. I warned them to remove this rig from our hideout area. Now I will destroy it. [rumbling] Shivering shellfish. Is it an earthquake? Help! Into the drink, tadpole. [theme music] Oh, no! [laughs] We really liquidated that thing. - Let's go. - Where to, Scavo? Our underwater hideout. Jumpin' jellyfish! Must be 100 feet tall. What do we do, Aquaman? I'm calling for some smashers. Using his telepathic powers,  the Sea King transmits a battle call  to giant creatures of the sea. The porpoise will take you to the mainland. Thanks, Aquaman. Now, let's join the troops. [beep] Scavo, look. We're being followed. Quick! About face, robot. (Scavenger #1) 'They've got an army of fish.' (Scavo) 'Our razor sharp pinwheels 'will make chowder out of those fish.' 'Attack!' (Aqualad) 'Jumpin' jellyfish! Look!' [gasping] Scatter, fast! 'Aqualad, on your left.' Close shave. (Aquaman) 'Thanks, old buddy.' [thud] Gotta watch it, Tusky. No score. Raise the left hand. 'Fire torpedoes!' (Aquaman) 'Uh-oh. Tin fish.' 'Mow 'em down gang!' (Aqualad) 'Nice going, Aquaman.' [crash] (Aquaman) 'Let's go, troops.' [thud] (Aqualad) 'Okay, Tusky. You gave them an earful.' Standby, controls. Fire more pinwheels! 'Slice 'em up.' Great whales! More pinwheels. [dramatic music] [thud] [explosion] With his Submarobot destroyed Scavo leads an attack with guns that fire compressed  air bubbles hard as steel. Stay here. I'll take care of them. (Scavo) 'Here comes Aquaman.' Let's give him a bubble bath. [gunshots] [thud] [laughing] That takes care of him. They got Aquaman. Let's get them. [grunting] [groaning] [thud] Ah. The team's in trouble. I'll attack from the rear. [dramatic music] Let's see that cheek, minnow. Hmm, you took a rough beating from those hard bubbles. Forget it. Gotta get the Scavengers. Let 'em go, tadpole. 'Probably won't stop running till they're 1000 miles away.' Come on! Follow me! Okay. Now let's turn on the heat with the thermal gun. (Scavo) 'Now they'll really be in the soup.' 'And I mean hot soup.' (Aqualad) Leapin' lobsters! Let's get out of here before we get boiled. Get going, minnow. I'm calling for more marlins. 'They're accustomed to very warm waters.' Okay, marlins. Let's wash 'em away with a tidal wave. Scavo, look! (Scavo) 'A tidal wave? Quick! The tunnel!' Look, Aquaman. I win the scavenger hunt. Good. Here comes the first prize. - Yow! - Get the point, Scavo? Now you and your pirates will have a new hideout in prison. (Aqualad) 'A pinwheel. Watch out.' Just an ordinary starfish. Somebody's idea of a joke. (Aqualad) 'Hmm, I wonder who?' Come on. Let's take these jokers to the mainland. [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 