Aquaman: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Aquaman 
 s1e9 - Where Lurks the Fisherman/Mephisto's Marine Marauders/Operation Rescue - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Aquaman (1967–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Where Lurks the Fisherman/Mephisto's Marine Marauders/Operation Rescue - full transcript 
 Inside a crab-shaped craft, a fearsome underwater scavenger plots to destroy Aquaman in "Where Lurks The Fisherman!" / In "Mephisto's Marine Marauders," the villain plots to put sleeping pills in Atlantis's air supply. / Aqualad and Speedy end up in ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)  Aquaman swift and powerful monarch  of the ocean with the ability  to summon and command all creatures of the deep. Aquaman who with  his teenage ally, Aqualad guards and defends all  that lives in the seas against the forces of evil. Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas. [theme music] A gleaming crab-shaped  undersea crab stocks swiftly and silently  across the ocean floor. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Inside, a bizarre figure  bends over the view scope a fierce  and underwater scavenger known as The Fisherman. Ah, Aquaman's headquarters. When I have destroyed it, that blasted Marine Marvel will be unable to track me. [laughing] 'Then I shall strike anywhere I choose.' 'Hammerheads, stop engines. [intense music] (Fisherman) We must work quickly before Aquaman returns. [laughing] Ah-ha, the remote control. 'This will do fine.' 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 'When Aquaman switches it on' this explosive will blow them all to kingdom come. [laughing] Here come my sitting ducks. Activate the remote control on the early warning system, Aqualad. Check, Aquaman. [grunting] - What's the matter, Tusky? - Tusky! [grunting] 'Tusky.' Come back here with that. boom Great waves! My booby trap worked. Now on to Atlantis. [laughing] That control was booby-trapped. - Tusky. - Listen. What's that? Look, it's Tusky stuck in that coral. [neighing] Sputtering spoonbills, Aquaman. Who would set a booby trap in the Aquacave? The sonar warning. Maybe there's your answer now, minnow. Come on. The emergency's coming from...Atlantis. Let's ride, Aqualad. Standby to launch remote-controlled attack ship. whoosh Drone ship in orbit, Fisherman. Good, now I'll activate its weapons. [laughing] whoosh Holy pipefish, Aquaman. Look at that thing. I see it, tadpole. I'm sending for help. zap The Marine Marvels. Somehow they escaped my booby trap. Hammerheads, all out. Attack. Destroy them. [intense music] Aquaman, that ship. Those hammerhead characters are coming at us. It's-- Yes, our old enemy, the Fisherman. 'Come on, tadpole. Let's hit 'em.' swoosh They're defeating my hammerheads. 'Now, I must blast the dome of Atlantis' 'with my sonic cannon.' Suffering seal fish, Aquaman. Look, the dome. That drone ship. It's got to be knocked out of orbit. And for this we need big muscle. Responding  to the Sea King's command two whale sharks,  biggest fish in the sea wiggle  toward the drone ship. My drone ship is in danger. I must give it more speed. thud Oh-oh, here comes the Fisherman. [laughing] Scatter. Get you this time, Aquaman. Gastropods, I'm snagged. That's it, Sea King. Fine, wear yourself out. Now, to reel in my greatest catch. Leaping lampreys! Aquaman! Come on, Tusky. This vine's stronger than steel. Need help to cut it. zap Stay away, fools. (Aqualad) 'Look out, Tusky.' bang - 'Go, boy, go.' - Help! Follow me. No. Stop. The Fisherman cannot end this way. Hold it, Aqualad, something coming up. - It's the tuna. - 'Alone.' Boy, what a way to go. Holy haddocks. Looks as if the Fisherman has been done in by a...fish. Maybe so, tadpole. Maybe so. The Fisherman is not finished yet, Sea King. I shall return. Think we'll see him again, Aquaman? If we do, I hope we see him first. Amen to that, amen. [instrumental music] In just a moment, we'll return with another exciting adventure  featuring a guest star from the galaxy  of super superheroes. (male narrator)  Here come the Teen Titans a quartet of powering talent. Kid Flash, whose speed  defies the eye to follow. Wonder Girl, swift  and powerful super lass. Speedy, whose fantastic arrows  perform awesome feats. Aqualad,  bold and daring Marine Marvel. Fabulous foursome  for right against might the Teen Titans. High over a remote  mountain range two members of the Teen Titans put their new Titan copter  to a trial run. Ease off, Speedy. We're a long way from a soft landing. [laughs] Trouble with you, Aqualad, is you spend too much time at the bottom of the sea. Bouncing blowfish. Look, down below. caw caw That kid's being chased by weird flying creatures. He needs help. [intense music] [growls] Eeow! Scrapple those birds, Robin Hood. - I'm going down. - Check, Davy Jones. caw caw You're okay, fella. Just relax. My smoke arrows ought to discourage those big birds. bam bam (Aqualad) 'Up you go.' - You okay, pal? - Yeah, but my dad. One of those flying beasts carried him off to that mountain. Hold on, we're going up for a looksee. Now, suppose you tell us exactly what happened, uh, uh.. Terry, Terry Carter. You see, my dad's an explorer. 'We came here to find a strange lost civilization.' - And then, and then dad was.. - Easy, Terry. Chin up, fella. If your dad's down there, we'll find him. Gasping guppies! Look what's waiting below. They're, they're mutant men. The legend is true. [babbling] bam bam bam Suffering sunfish. Exploding spears. Time for a temporary retreat. As Speedy starts to pull up,  the Teen copter suddenly caught in the bow takes  a powerful ground currents becomes unmanageable. - We're in big trouble. - We're gonna crash. At this very moment in the Teen Titans  secret headquarters Kid Flash and Wonder Girl are concerned  about their teammates. What could be delaying them? Maybe Gill-Head is teaching Robin Hood how to catch guppies with bow and arrow. Very funny, twinkle toes. - Mayday, mayday. - Huh? Kid Flash here. - Come in, Aqualad. - Condition red. Forced to land, azimuth 6-4-0-niner. Oh, dear, I was afraid of that. Meanwhile as the boy Speedster  and the teen Amazon streak to the distant valley the others have been  taken prisoner by the strange mutant men. Why are you holding my son and me and these boys captive? So that you will not leave this valley and reveal our secret to the outside world. - Now wait a minute-- - Place them in the prison hut. Looks as if our team's behind the eighth ball. And they've taken away Speedy's bow and arrows. Look, you cover me while I recover his gear. Come on. Kid Flash dashes by and plows through  the bewildered mutant men. Then before they can react Wonder Girl swoops down  out of the sky diverting them  from her teammate. Mind if I borrow these? bam bam Go, Flasheroo, I'll hold them off. Now as Wonder Girl deflect  a hail of explosive spears Kid Flash vibrating his body's  molecule to the speed of light passes through  the stone structure. What kept you, twinkle toes? Yeah, I thought you'd never get here. You may not have needed me if you took better care of your toys. Let's see if you still know how to use them. - Watch. - Hurry, Titans. Hurry. One wall smashing arrow coming up. bash Let's go, gang. Hurry, hurry. Speedy, Aqualad, get our friends to the copter while Wonder chick and I hold off the enemy. Roger. Come on. Follow us, Mr. Carter. Terry. Go on, dad, I'm okay. Catch, Fleet Feet, we'll trip them up. I dig you, doll. [babbling] whoosh thud thud Leaping lampreys, Speedy. We're being outflanked. Keep going. I'll slow 'em down with flare crack arrows. [screaming] - Get in, fast. - Come on, son. What's the matter now, Speedy? Not much, except how do we get airborne 'without getting tangled in the trees?' [babbling] You give 'em a lift, Wonder chick. I'll keep these jokers busy. Standby for takeoff. [helicopter whirring] [blabbering] How about that, chick? We're clear for takeoff. They're off. Been nice knowing you guys. My son and I owe our life to you, Teen Titans. How can we ever thank you? We're just happy to see you safe together again. Oh, now look, chick. Yeah, weeping weakfish! Oh, you, you.. Now, Titans, I think we should agree never to reveal the secret of this hidden valley, right? Right. Okay, let's head for home, gang. See you back at the ranch, partners. Coming up next more action-packed adventures  with Aquaman King of the Seven Seas. Featuring Aqualad  and Tusky the Walrus. (male narrator)  In a playful mood, Tusky,  the Aqua duo's pet walrus swims crazily along a pipeline which carries  life-giving oxygen to the dome,  undersea city of Atlantis. Tusky, if you break this pipeline the people in Atlantis will have no oxygen to breathe. (Aqualad) 'And you know what that means, don't you?' Okay, Aquaman. We'll go check the oxygen extraction plant. Right, Aqualad. Meet you back at the Aquacave. At that moment near the Atlantean  oxygen extraction plant a trio of strange and menacing  craft fly to a stop. Mephisto to devil ship 3. Your assignment is to drop the sleep gas pellet 'into the oxygen machine.' By the time you rejoin us at the dome the Atlanteans will be unconscious. And when they awaken, I will be their new king. [intense music] Looks like trouble ahead. 'Aqualad to Aquaman, emergency.' 'Two men near the oxygen plant.' 'They look like, like black devils.' Mephisto. Stay out of sight until I get there. [dramatic music] They're heading toward the oxygen machine. - Stop! What are you doing here? - Don't make a move. - Who are you? - I'm the Sandman. And with this, I'm going to put all the Atlanteans to sleep. You what? Hurry, drop the pellet into the intake duct. I'll hold him here. Good work, Tusky. Good work, team. Grab the pellet when this vibrobeam hits him. zap Jumping jellyfish! Can't stand this s-shaking. Mephisto's devils at the oxygen works. Follow me, Storm. Aquaman. Quick, drop the pellet in. Ah. Vibrobeam. Must c-counteract the f-force. Exerting every ounce  of his prodigious strength the Sea King throws himself  into a blowering spin which creates  a powerful underwater wave. Watch out. Streaking  toward Mephisto's minions Aquaman hurls  hard water balls at them to keep them off balance. Okay, team, that's enough. - You alright, tadpole? - I'm okay, Aquaman. - Where's that pellet? - Too late, kid. It's in the oxygen machine. Holy haddock! When that pill dissolves, it will put Atlantis to sleep. Come on, let's get it out of there. - Too narrow for me. - I can make it. Holy mackerel. It's already dissolving to sleep gas. And now the sleep gas will be diluted in the open sea. Yeah. Got it just...in time. I wonder. You seem to be.. [grunting] Watch out. Move everyone, fast. Come on, Sleeping Beauty. In a flash,  Aquaman's telepathic command reaches a powerful blue whale  in the upper waters. Look. Aquaman on a blue whale. (Black Devil #1) 'Fire the nose beam.' zap (Aquaman) Alright, Mephisto men, this is where I turn you off. boom Okay, Tusky. I'm awake. I think. Stay here and sleep it off, tadpole. - I'm going after Mephisto. - Mephisto? I'll go with ya. I'm wide awake, honest. (Black Devil #1) 'And our ship is buried under rocks.' Never mind that. Did you drop the pellet into the oxygen machine? (Black Devil #1) 'Yes, Mephisto, but they got it out.' You clumsy fools. Stay buried. All hands, man the vibrobeams. Destroy the dome. zap [rumbling] Keep trying, in just two minutes.. bash Aquaman's fish are ramming us. Number 2, attack those creatures. Standby while I smash that black ship's vibrobeam. Alright, needlenose, let's hit the bull's eye. crash Okay, squiddy baby, flip its lid. crash Attack the Aqua duo, destroy them. (Aquaman) 'That's two down.' Now let's go after Mephisto. Mephisto's coming after us. Quick, grab yourself a hammerhead and follow me. crash Sir, our vibrobeam is smashed. I'll get them with the tangler strangler. Great guppies! Caught like flies in a spider's web. I can't swim, legs...tangled. They're gaing on us. Faster. crash boom What do we do with these sea devils, Aquaman? (Aquaman) 'The Atlantean clean-up crew will round them up.' Oh, no. 'Fast asleep.' 'Guess he forgot about the sleeping gas' during all the excitement. Let's take him home and put him to bed. [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 