Aquaman: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Aquaman 
 s1e10 - The Trio of Terror/The Torp, the Magneto, and the Claw/The Chemo-Creature - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Aquaman (1967–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - The Trio of Terror/The Torp, the Magneto, and the Claw/The Chemo-Creature - full transcript 
 A conference of villains sees the Brian, Vassa and Black Manta joined to destroy Aquaman in "The Trio Of Terror." / Torpedoman joins forces with Megneto and the Claw in "The Torp, The Magneto And The Claw." / An ant grows to enormous proportions when ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)  Aquaman swift and powerful monarch  of the ocean with the ability  to summon and command all creatures of the deep. Aquaman, who with his  teenage ally, Aqualad guards and defends all  that lives in the seas against the forces of evil. Aquaman King of the Seven Seas. [theme music] In an unexplored depth  of the ocean 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 a maze of undersea caves,  canyons and chasms provides a perfect hiding place for three familiar  undersea craft and a conference of evil. This is the time to combine our genius against a common adversary. 'You, Black Manta' 'and you, Vassa, Queen of the Mermen..' And you, Brain. Yes. And me, the Brain. One at a time, Aquaman has defeated us. But together operating from an organized battle plan we must be unbeatable. [Brain laughing] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Yes. - What's the plan? While Vassa attacks Aquaman's underwater detection system 'you, Manta, will penetrate Atlantis' 'with your new gas globules.' And you? To myself, I assign the pleasurable task of destroying Aquaman. [buzzing] (Aqualad) 'That's two stations destroyed, Aquaman.' Could be an all out attack. Let's go. [intense music] Launch tactile torpedoes! (Aqualad) Look, Aquaman, the whale sub. (Aquaman) 'Queen Vassa.' whoosh Watch them explode with the touch of a feather. Torpedoes. Cut out, tadpole. I'll knock off the leading one! No, Aqualad, don't. boom (Aquaman) 'Watch out, Tusky.' boom (Aquaman) 'Vassa's mermen.' [whimpering] [intense music] Wha-what's happened to Vassa's mermen, Aquaman? Chickened out, tadpole. Let's get out of here. Oh-oh, trouble in Atlantis. - Aquaman. Aquaman. - 'That's Mera.' Atlantis is under attack by the Black Manta. He's firing strange-colored bubbles that burst into flame. Hurry, please. Bouncing blowfish! Look what's comin' from Black Manta's ship. (Aquaman) 'Chemical flame gas. It'll melt the dome.' Tusky, go away from that. How are we gonna beat these gas things? (Aquaman) 'Tusky's got the answer.' Now, I'll need some undersea jugglers. (male narrator)  Quickly the Sea King  issues a telepathic summon and in moments  a school of dolphins respond. We'll get the Manta, tadpole. You and the others-- Take care of the fires at the dome. Check. Let's go. boom Fire brigade, follow me. whoosh whoosh boom boom - They're leaving the sea. - Come on, let's trail them. (Aquaman) 'There's the Manta, the whale, and the Brain ship too.' Holy haddock! What a trio. Ah, there they are. Standby and see how the Brain succeeds where you two failed. Wait here. [dramatic music] zap Leapin' lampreys! We gotta figure some way to get Aquaman out of there. My process crystallizes the salt in the water. In moments right before your eyes 'Aquaman will be entombed in a rock of salt.' (Black Manta) This had better work, Brain, or else.. Or else you will take the consequences alone. I will take the victory alone. Watch. beep beep [laughing] That glass was made to withstand even your strength, Aquaman. [laughing] 'It's all over for you.' zap crash [beeping] crash (Black Manta) You failed, Brain. 'Now I'll finish you off.' boom (Aquaman) Let's take 'em. We must get Manta before he gets us. 'Fire tactile torpedoes.' boom There is no honor among thieves. Come on, let's go, troops. [dramatic music] Don't touch Vassa's ship. It's a floating mine. What about Black Manta and the Brain? If they survive the explosion they've already made their getaways. Let's head for home, tadpole. [instrumental music] In just a moment, we'll return  with another exciting adventure featuring a guest star from the galaxy  of super superheroes. (male narrator)  A scarlet costume  ejects from his ring. And in a blur of motion police scientist Barry Allen becomes The Flash world's fastest human. The Flash  whose speed enables him to vibrate through solid walls and conquer the barriers  of time and space in the pursuit of evildoing. The Flash Scarlet Speedster for justice. In a nuclear laboratory  outside Central City police scientist Barry Allen who is secretly The Flash has come to witness  a unique experiment. Now, watch, Mr. Allen, as I stimulate the growth cells of this red ant. [dramatic music] Oh, dear. [gasps] I must have given it an overdose. - Professor, look out. - Stand back. (Barry) 'You've changed the ant into an unearthly monster.' - Oh! Look out! Look out! - 'Careful.' - 'What's that?' - 'Oh, my..' Gas. (Professor) 'I can't breathe.' [men coughing] In the confusion,  Barry Allen darts away. Then flicks the secret switch that releases  the brilliant red costume of the Flash,  world's fastest human. Spinning with great speed,  the Flash creates a protective vacuum  around himself. [Flash coughing] Blinding light. Can't see. [Flash coughing] boom Oh. That overdose of radiation gave the creature the power to create chemical effect at will. It must be found. I'll call the police. Do that. Meanwhile I'll do what I can. [dramatic music] There it is. Going into that tunnel. boom That overgrown bug is really lethal. Must locate it. Like a human helicopter,  the Flash rotates his body rising faster, faster. There it goes. I'll catch up with him in a flash. You won't get away from me this time, buster. Ooh. What is this? It's harder than rock. [dramatic music] thud Jumping Jehoshaphat! I-it's a man in there. I'll be damned. How'd he get in there? Never mind that. How will he get out? Look, that's how. [thudding] (Flash) Phew! It's stuffy in there. You alright? Anything we can do for ya, young fella? Thanks, old-timers. I'm okay, but I've got a heap of trackin' to do. So long. - Did you ever? - Nope. I never. Picking up the creature's  trail of wreckage.. ...the Flash embarks  on a lightning track down. His superhuman speed  enabled him to scale the sides of sheer cliffs. Or jump hundreds of yards. Skim the surface of lakes. Suddenly.. There it goes. 'Heading for that hydroelectric plant.' Better get there fast. Clear the area. Everyone, take cover. [screeching] (Flash) Oh, no, you don't. 'Strike one.' Strike two. Two strikes. One to go. Ready? zap Great thunder. It's a massive raw energy. 'Wow.' This is one time.. ...retreat is the better part of valor. boom Steel cable. Just what I need. This should ground your charge. swish [crackling] 'That did it.' Now I'll wait. Am I seeing things? By George, can it be? Yes, it is. It's shrinking to its normal size. That cable drained off all its nuclear powers. Come on, little bug. Oh, excellent. The Geiger counter indicates zero radiation. 'It's just a plain little ant again.' Yes, a little ant with big dreams. If it remembers you, Flash those dreams must be nightmares. [laughter] Coming up next more action-packed adventures  with Aquaman King of the Seven Seas. Featuring Aqualad  and Tusky the Walrus. [neighing] (male narrator)  In the seas near Atlantis Aqualad, Tusky  and the flame-haired Mera are returning to the Aquacave. Suddenly.. Aqualad, what's that? Sufferin' sea snails! Torpedo Man. Torpedo Man? I thought he-- Look, I gotta follow him and see what he's up to. You two go get Aquaman fast. [neighing] Tusky, go fetch Aquaman. [intense music] Murmuring moonfish! 'I wonder if Aquaman knows about this undersea junkyard.' [barking] Got your message, Tusky. Lead on. [instrumental music] Now as the deadly Torpedo Man zooms down  into the valley of junk from a red buoy emerges Magneto another bizarre metal villain who as he streaks up  with flashes with electro-magnetic powers. (Torpedo Man) Turn it off, Magneto. Turn it off. I need your help to destroy Aquaman. Claw, I want you to help me get Aquaman too. Holy hotfish, Mera better bring Aquaman soon or.. [neighing] Oh, Imp! Stop him. Aqualad? Aquaman's keen ally, get him. clank clank [neighing] Aqualad, watch out. [dramatic music] zap zap (Torpedo Man) 'This will surely bring Aquaman.' Standby to ambush him. Leaping lionfish, Mera. Aquaman's riding right into a trap. We've got to warn him. How? We're trapped ourselves. (Aqualad) 'Yeah, thanks to you.' Great waves! There is Imp and Mera's horse riderless. That's it, Aquaman. Keep coming straight to your doom. [intense music] - Torpedo. - You shall never leave alive. [whirring] You alright, Tusky? - 'Help, help, help.' - 'Help! Help!' Aqualad and Mera are in this thing. Magneto, Claw, attack them now. - Aquaman. - Are we ever glad to see you. Great waves, what's this? (Aqualad) 'Torpedo's wierdo helpers.' Mera, get out fast. Go away, tadpole. Shoot him, Magneto. I'll take care of Magneto. Go help Tusky. zap We need help. zap Move, Tusky. Here come the marines. Better finish Aquaman before his fish army arrives. This ought to stop Torpedo. Magneto, power on. [zapping] Keep the Claw busy, tadpole, I'll get help to scrap Magneto. zap Now two giant squid  respond to Aquaman's commands. (Torpedo Man) Power up, Magneto. Power up. But the magnetic villain's  power control is gone. Broken by the flying scrap. Get him, troops. Tie him up. bam Aqualad and Tusky need help. Clear off. I'll handle this character. thud Great going, Aquaman. Don't crow yet, tadpole. Torpedo's still on the loose. (Aqualad) 'Here he comes.' (Aquaman) 'Come on, into that grotto.' Away from this junkyard, maybe we can beat him. (Torpedo Man) Now you're at my mercy. Watch him, minnow. Puffing porcupinefish! We need help again. [beeping] Good old thresher sharks. (Aquaman) 'Scatter, team.' [Torpedo Man laughing] [Torpedo Man groans] 'No!' 'Help us, I can't stop myself.' Wailing wolfish! That's a deep endless maze down there. Yes, minnow, I think we've finally seen the last of Torpedo. Let's head home. Am I glad to leave that place. So am I, tadpole. So am I. [clapping] [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 