Aquaman: Season 1, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Aquaman 
 s1e17 - The Stickman of Stygia/Three Wishes to Trouble/The Vanishing World - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Aquaman (1967–…): Season 1, Episode 17 - The Stickman of Stygia/Three Wishes to Trouble/The Vanishing World - full transcript 
 "The Stickmen Of Stygia" plot to kidnap Aquaman. / A genie's obedience spells disaster in "Three Wishes To Trouble." / The Green Lantern must free a friend from a penal asteroid before the prison skip dimensions in "The Vanishing World." This segment ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)  Aquaman, swift and powerful  monarch of the oceans. With ability  to summon and command all creatures of the deep. Aquaman, who with his  teenage ally, Aqualad guards and defends  all that lives in the seas against the forces of evil. Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas. [theme music] (male narrator)  To play a practical joke  on Aquaman Aqualad and Mera  using parts of sunken ships have build a weird  undersea craft. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [laughs] It looks real, doesn't it, Aqualad? Sure does, Mera. Now, watch what happens. [instrumental music] Remember, Tusky, you make the sound effect. Swell. (Aqualad) 'Aquaman, help!' 'Strange sub attacking Mera and me' 'using powerful reverse force ray.' 'Can't hold on much longer.' 'Hurry.' Hang on, Tadpole. I'm on my way. (male narrator)  Unknown to  the young pranksters a huge electronic eye  has discovered their presence. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Through the giant eye Stickmen  from the Planet Stygia observe the depths  of Earth's oceans. Their mission,  to capture Aquaman and bring him back  to Stygia as a water slave. All hands standby for action. Remember, Aquaman must be taken alive. Aqualad, Mera, check in. They must be in real trouble. [neighs] Here he comes. Now. Make the sound effect, Tusky. [Tusky burbling] (Aquaman) 'That's just a flashlight beam.' And this must be a practical joke. Some joke. Well, two can play it. Great waves! The joke backfired. That rock's heading for the fake sub. Mera, watch out. Aquaman, are you alright? I guess it was a pretty stupid joke. Sorry, Aquaman. - I just thought-- - No, you didn't think. Remember the boy who cried wolf? Aquaman is in range. Hit him with the immobilizer at once. I'll go fetch Storm. gurgle zap - Aqualad. - Stay back, Mera. (Stickman #1) 'We hit wrong one.' Now, Aquaman is in the clear. Get him. Quick! - 'Got him, sir.' - Quickly. Have the magnetic force beam pull him into the ship. Hurry, hurry. Ha ha. Good. We've got him now. Our mission is accomplished. (male narrator)  Although immobilized,  the Sea King's active brain transmits a telepathic call  for help to his fish allies. Something struck the eye. Aquaman is free. Stabilize it at once. We must not let him get away on pain of death. Come on, Tadpole. Help me tie this down. The screen, it's blank. They've destroyed our eye. Blast off. We must repair it. That'll hold 'em. whoosh splash thud We're on the bottom. All hands, man the torpopedo guns. Prepare for attack. 'Fire torpopedos. All barrels.' pew pew pew Holy hackfish! Look! Clear out, Aqualad. Jump. [dramatic music] Careful, everyone. Those bubbles contain torper gas. Destroy the guns. pew pew pew clang clang pew Tadpole, get Mera out of here. Quickly! Mera. clang clang (Stickman #2) 'All our guns destroyed, commander.' Everyone, into the water. Destroy the Earth creatures with your force guns. pew pew pew (Stickman #3) 'Aquaman, must be taken alive.' Leapin' lionfish. Force rays. Stand back. pew pew Get the girl. pew pew This will teach you not to horse around. Look, Aquaman. They're regrouping. Heavens! What do we do now? We'll fool them with your phony reverse force ray. Take your positions. Hurry. Hold it! Don't fire. (Stickman #3) 'You are wise to surrender, Aquaman.' 'Go quietly with my men.' 'They will not attack you with their force rays.' No. It is you who must go quietly. Or we will destroy your ship with our reverse force ray. [laughing] (Stickman #3) 'Ridiculous.' 'You are bluffing, Aquaman.' I am? Just watch. creak bam bam Stickmen, Stickmen, hear this. 'Return to ship at once.' 'We must blast off' 'before the ship is pebbled to a pulp.' [clapping] It worked. It worked. Yeah. There they go. whoosh - Think they'll ever come back? - No. Not while we possess this, uh, fearsome weapon of ours. (Aqualad) 'The reverse force ray.' [all laughing] slam [instrumental music] (male narrator)  In just a moment,  we will return with another exciting  adventure. Featuring a guest star  from the galaxy of super superhero. [instrumental music] By authority of the mystic  Guardians of the Universe on the far distant Planet Oa Hal Jordan, test pilot  becomes the Green Lantern. A cosmic crusader  whose magical power-ring and his bidding accomplishes  the impossible. In his continuing fight  against interplanetary evil. Green Lantern,  Guardian of the Galaxies. (male narrator)  Rocketing a highly advanced  jet craft through trial maneuvers,  test pilot Hal Jordan secretly the Green Lantern,  is in radio contact with his Venutian friend  and mechanic Kairo at ground control. All tests affirmative, Kairo. Cutting in to landing pattern now. Check, boss. Runway four is clear for landing. Meet you there. Hey! What.. [dramatic music] Kairo. It's not like him to disappear without a word. (male narrator) Far out in space,  Green Lantern's young companion is now a prisoner.. ...of Orc, a fugitive  interplanetary raider. Look, buster, you gonna tell me why you're holding me? Silence. There it comes now. What's that? It is an asteroid from a parallel dimension 'which once a year appears in this dimension' 'for precisely one hour' 'and on which the Guardians of the Universe' 'confine for life the worst criminals' 'in the cosmos.' - Why are you going to do it? - To free those criminals. Who will then work for me. But, but what about.. You, little man, are my insurance against the Green Lantern. [laughs] (male narrator)  Now, after a fruitless search  for the missing Kairo an anxious Hal Jordan returns  to his dormitory quarters. [beeping] Power Lantern's signal from the Guardians of the Universe. [dramatic music] Make haste, Green Lantern. You must stop the criminal Orc from raiding the interdimensional prison asteroid. Great meteors! Could that have something to do with Kairo's disappearance? Let those who worship evil's might, beware my power Green Lantern's light! [dramatic music] Hurry, time is slipping away. Have you taken care of the boy Kairo? I have left him in Creature Valley, sir. Excellent. By the time Green Lantern arrives to rescue him 'this world will vanish back into limbo' 'together with them.' Blast off. (male narrator)  Arriving over the dark side  of the asteroid Green Lantern's searching  for Kairo illuminates the terrain  with his power beam. Must find Kairo fast. Only a short time left before this world dissolves back into its own dimension. Boss, boss. Here I am. [dramatic music] Am I ever glad you made the scene before this place goes poof. Only minutes left to bring those criminals back. [growling] slam Kairo. [growling] Great comets! Now it's coming for me. Got to try something else. Only two or three minutes still remain, Orc. [laughs] At this rate, Green lantern will never get off the asteroid before it vanishes. Great Guardians! [zapping] Must get away. Squeezing breath out of me. Jumpin' jumpin' jackals! Green Lantern! [dramatic music] bam Nice work, Kairo. Hop aboard. Any moment now this asteroid is due to vanish. Yikes! Look out, boss. Behind you. This calls for...a beam tunnel. [zapping] [growling] It's begun. The return of this world to its own dimension. Green Lantern, help! Have you free in a second, Kairo. Nice shot, boss. [dramatic music] Gee, boss. Those criminals still on the loose. Yes, and in about one minute, that prison asteroid will be gone. This capsule will protect you. I'll pick up the jet trail from their exhaust. Look, Orc! Green Lantern coming at us. Blast him. Destroy him. This oughta knock out his canon fast. [dramatic music] Only a split second remains now. Okay, Kairo. Not a second too soon for me, boss. Green Lantern reporting to Guardians. Mission accomplished. Well done, Hal Jordan. Once again you have earned the sacred trust we bestowed upon you 'in the powers of the Green Lantern.' (male narrator)  Coming up next.. More action  packed adventures with Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas. Featuring Aqualad  and Tusky the Walrus. [neighs] (male narrator)  In the seas beyond Atlantis Aqualad and his pet  walrus Tusky pass some ancient  mysterious wrecks. [laughing] bam rumble [gasps] What's up, Tusky? Relax, Tusky. It's only an old, crusty jug. Let's see what's inside it. whoosh Holy houndfish. Who-who are you? I, young master, am Snork the Great. 'An undersea genie.' [theme music] A genie? What do you do? Why, I grant to whoever releases me from the jug three fantastic wishes. Command me, master. I am your servant. Well, let's see. I, uh, I wish for a robot. A powerful robot that'll do anything I want. boom Leaping lionfish! It's real. Aye, master. Command him. Okay. Those wrecks 'clean them up at once.' [rumbling] Wow! Hey, take it easy, robot. Where's Imp? Imp? Aqualad must be in trouble. Let's go, Storm. Snork, Snork? Where is that genie? Snork, where are you? [dramatic music] Stop. I don't want that coral destroyed. bam [yelps] Great waves! Aqualad's trapped under all that debris. Easy now. Careful. Watch him, Tusky, I've gotta take care of that robot. Mumbling mantis. What happened? Where in the Seven Seas that thing came from? [beeping] bam bam splat splat splat You, genie, make the robot disappear. I'm sorry, master. I can only make them appear. Oh, but you have two more wishes, sire. Okay. I wish for a powerful robot smasher. Now, hurry. boing poof clang clang clang Tell me, Aqualad, have you any idea where that robot came from? Well, uh.. It's this way, Aquaman. I, uh, made a wish granted me by a genie I released 'from an old jug.' A genie, huh? Well, I want you to find this genie and put him back in the jug where he belongs, at once. Okay, Snork, the game's over. Back into the jug. Come on. But, master, you still have one more magnificent wish. No, thanks. Those wishes brought me nothing but trouble. Hmph! Is it my fault you had to ask for a crazy robot nobody could control? Control? Hmm. Yeah. If only, just once, I had the power to control fish like Aquaman does. Your wish is my command. [rumbling] Murmurin' moonfish! I've got the power to command fish. (male narrator)  Now, his telepathic waves  from Aqualad's brain radiate down a dark stringent  hole in the sea floor. They call from its depths a horde of huge  mutant creatures. Yikes! Those weird creatures. I didn't want them. Go back. Go back! I command you. Snork, my power. My telepathic power. It's gone. Of course, master. You only asked to have it once and once only. What do I do? Aquaman! Am I in trouble? There, those weird fish. Mutants, Tadpole. Long ago placed into the Dungeon Depth for safekeeping. Now, we need help to put them back there again. (male narrator) At once, normal fighting fish,  come and answer to Aquaman's royal summons. And barrel into  the ugly mutants. Keep shoving them back, troops. Alright, they're safely back now. It's all my fault, Aquaman. I let that genie talk me into making a third wish and-- Okay, Aqualad. I saw it all happen. But I'm glad you confessed. Now, I'll fix that genie once and for all. (male narrator)  Now a giant puffer fish  answers Aquaman's commands. Hey, hey. No, wait. [genie mumbling] Leapin' lampreys! Well, guess that's the last of that mischievous genie. Now, let's head for home, Tadpole. Your wish is my command, master. [dramatic music] [theme music] [music continues] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 