Travelers: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Travelers 
 s1e8 - Donner - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Travelers (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Donner - full transcript 
 The Travelers face multiple complications in their professional life and their personal ones. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Travelers... That new doctor thinks she's your sister. Yeah, she told me. Have you been sent a messenger? Are you authorized by The Director to talk to me? Then step away. Protocol 6, Agent MacLaren. There's a reason we're so compartmentalized, but there's teams of us all over the world on missions, and that's why... Which is why there's a Protocol 6, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 yeah, I get the rules, but help me out here. [Jeff]: You think I haven't seen that white dude around? Is that how you got these new wheels? You got a sugar daddy? [coughing] This is where any idea you have of us ends. I'll be right down! Hey. Sorry to keep you waiting. That's all right. It's the same price whether I'm waiting or playing. At least you're cute. How do you know? You can't even see me. Well... [giggles] You sound cute. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 All I'm saying is that trying to achieve any true level of intimacy over the Internet is like trying to save the environment using oil. Mm. I love scented oils. Are you hard? So... if you don't want to do that... what do you want to do? I want you tell me about when you were happiest. I thought I was never gonna see her again. And it made me so happy to... to know that she was gonna be okay. You know? That's beautiful. [buttons beeping] [siren wails] [beeping] [error beep] What? You really do sound hot. Like, "dad hot." Yeah. Thanks. Uh... Look, Candy, you seem like a lovely girl, and I'm sorry for what's about to happen, but this conversation is over. But we just... [high-pitched ringing] [screaming] [screaming] [high-pitched ringing] [screaming] [ringing stops] Traveler 4019... welcome to the 21st. Thank you. Status report! Everyone all right? [woman]: All set. [woman]: Let's get to work. Someone should check on Donner. [♪♪♪] [Forbes]: We've got multiple bodies and remnants of the bomb out back. Uh-huh. Yeah, it looks like some kind of adult industry web cam operation. Anything on these cameras? Nah, they're all fried. Even the servers. Survivors? None. Bomb was placed right next to the gas line. Where's the bomber's body? No idea. Local PD are canvassing the neighborhood to see if anyone saw them leaving the scene. He's alive? Well, assuming it's a "he." Forensics should be here any minute to do a sweep. Why don't I go back to the office, see what I can dig up about the victims and this company? Make me do the dirty work? I called it. Philip, you there? [Philip]: What happened? None of the girls survived, and Donner's missing. Missing? He should be dead. If the Traveler arrived, he would've defused the bomb like he was supposed to. If he misfired... Donner would have died. I know. It doesn't make any sense. What do you want to do? Search the deep web for an S.O.S. If the Traveler made it, hopefully he'll reach out. In the meantime, send me the host's address. Copy. [starting car] [knocking lightly] - Hi. - Hey. - You wanted to see me? - Trevor, yes. Uh, please have a seat. How're you doing? Everything okay? Transcendent. Uh, I wanted to talk to you about your physics midterm last week. Uh... Not bad, right? Well... also not good. I had a meeting with Mr. Morrissy yesterday, and he believes you've been cheating. What? That's ridiculous. Well, he wants to give you a zero. No, I-I mean, I put in the work. I got 90%. I told you I would. You believe him? You got every question right except the last three. Yeah, they were... Which were also correct, but you scratched out to not seem suspicious. Now, Mr. Morrissy thinks you had the answer key, and to be honest, Trevor, it's hard to dispute that. I'm sorry. [sighing] What are the repercussions? Well, I found a compromise. I have convinced him to allow you one more crack at the midterm under both of our supervision tomorrow. Oh, uh... [chuckles] Okay. Why don't you come by for third period today and I'll help you study? I'll be there. [Jeffrey fussing] Oh no! Hi! Gonna be extra good for Mommy today, okay? [phone ringing] Hey. Hey. I just got your message. Jeffrey will be fine. The rash is just a common reaction to a vaccine, but I can come over and check on him later, if you'd like. Uh, thank you, but no, that's okay. I-I have a meeting. [Marcy]: A meeting? I have a hearing today. Jeffrey's father wants custody. Oh. Why don't you just let him have it? I'm the boy's mother. No, actually, you're not. And it would make it a lot easier to go on missions. I'm not leaving my son in the custody of that man, and that's all there is to it. Well, then you're gonna have to fight for him. I know. [voice shaking]: Oh, my god. [crying out]: Oh, my god! Oh, my god! No! [sobbing] [screaming]: No! Oh! This is all my fault! This is all my fault. [woman sobbing] - Hey, boss? - Yeah? [Philip]: I sent you Donner's address. Thanks. If you were injured in the field and needed to patch yourself up, where would you go? Pharmacy, veterinary clinic... - Commercial kitchen... - Hold on. I'll get back to you. [speaking Cantonese] FBI. [speaking Cantonese] _ _ _ _ _ Aaron Donner. He was a regular. I'd do private shows for him, twice a day sometimes, until things got weird. He started sending packages, and our policy is not to encourage that sort of thing, so I didn't respond. Aaron blamed the company for coming between us, and then the threats started. Threats? He'd send religious hate mail, saying that God would make everyone pay for their sins, that a day of reckoning would come. He was crazy! [sobbing]: And then this morning... You're doing good. He left me a voice mail telling me not to come in, that today was the day he'd make them all pay. I tried to warn the girls, but... It's okay. You're being very helpful. Excuse me. [sobbing] Beth? Can you do a search on an Aaron Donner for me? [calling out]: Aaron Donner? [crashing] Aaron Donner! Do you know who I am? I'm 3468. If you were hurt in the blast, I can take you to our medic. I'm here to assist you. Okay? You can trust me. [crashing] [blow lands] These allegations are fundamentally disgusting, David. Marcy Warton is a client of yours! She is not who you think she is. Are you in a relationship with her? It's purely platonic. So you don't deny living with her? Because I have a thorough report from an Officer Jeff Conniker that clearly implicates you as her romantic partner. Ken... you know I would never do that. You're suspended until further notice. - What? - And don't think... ...that there won't be a full investigation, David, because... You know, just meet with her. Please. Come see who we're talking about. That's all I'm asking. You won't change my mind. Please, be seated. Ms. Shannon, just so we're clear, nobody's on trial today. Okay? This is just an opportunity for both sides to state their case so we can work to find a resolution that's best for your son. Have you no representation? Actually, ma'am, I was hoping you would consider a postponement. [Philip]: Sorry I'm late. I trust anything my client has said up until this point will be struck from the record. [lawyer]: We weren't notified you'd be joining us, Mister...? Really? Pearson. We've met twice. Right. S-Sorry. [Philip]: If I may be frank, your honor, I believe my client feared the prospect of Mr. Conniker's retribution in response to her simply defending herself. I'm here to remind her that she's not alone. [pained gasps] Philip, do... [com feedback screeching] [sighs] _ [door opens] [Marcy]: Hey. Welcome home. Don't do that. [door shuts] Do what? That's what couples say, when someone comes home, the other one says, "Hey, welcome home," but we're not a couple, it's platonic. Okay, what should I say, then? Just say "hello" like a normal person. Hello. Hi. What's going on? Uh, Ken knows you're staying here. Ken? My boss, and I should've known it was going to come out. It's completely inappropriate. Okay, then I'll leave. I don't want you getting in trouble for my actions. No. No, no, no, no. I need you to stay. We have to prove that you're not who they think you are. That you're... Batgirl? [laughs] That you're not the same person that he met. Oh, I've met Ken? Ke... Yeah, like a dozen times. Ken. Man, that hit on your head really had an effect on you. Just tell me about him. I'll make it work. Well, I'm glad you're so confident, because I could lose my job, Marcy. Hell, I could go to jail. Okay, well, what's the plan? Right, so, it's not so much a plan as it is that he's coming for dinner tonight. Okay. I just want what's best for my son. Then start by paying child support. Every time I come by to talk to you about it, you assault me. I assault you? [Judge]: Is this true, Ms. Shannon? Have you assaulted Mr. Conniker? Are we really getting into abuse here? You pay for everything in cash, you're out crazy hours of the night. I'm working. [Jeff]: And I think we all know what your new job is. Ms. Shannon is providing for her child as best she can. We're more concerned about household environment as a result of manner of income. You know, I'm just gonna come out and ask. - Are you a ho now, or what? - Mr. Conniker! There's at least one old white guy coming around all the time. The money is coming from somewhere. You watch your mouth! - Carly, not helping. - Shut up! You have no idea who I am or what I'm capable of. [lawyer]: Here's the rage we've talked about. [Carly]: You haven't seen rage yet. [shuts engine off] Freeze! Whoa! Easy, partner! Looks like we were just in time. He was about to make a run for it. Packed bag, money, passport. You don't say. Want to tell us where you were going? Well... that went well. Forget Protocol 3! I want to kill that man! As your lawyer, I advise against that. [Marcy, on com]: Philip? What's up? Philip, can you arrange funds for me? I've had some unforeseen expenses. Sure. It'll be tomorrow. Bets take a day. How much do you need? Really? "Field of Reference" states that the speed of an object in motion is dictated in relation from where you're viewing it. Good. And how do you prove... V ax = V ay - V XY. When " y" is common in both vectors, " y " is eliminated, and leaves for " ax," the final answer. Trevor, how have you learned all this? [stammers] Were you just not applying yourself before? Now that football's over, I can be myself. I don't have to conform to anyone's expectations. Right, but your parents, your teachers, me... we all want you to succeed, with or without football. You see that, right? I feel that with you, yes. Good. But I'm tired of being told who I should be, what I should do... I want to define my own future. I have a book I think you'd like. Here. Now, uh, let's get back to it, get you ready for the test. The cameras are off. Talk to me. I have nothing to say. I can help you. Just tell me what happened with the bomb. It blew up. Did you make any attempt to defuse it? Why would I do that? A higher power wanted that bomb to go off. [hushed]: Cut the bullshit. I know you're 4022, you know I'm 3468. There's no other way this makes sense. It was my mission to greet your team upon arrival, so you need to talk to me. The longer you stay silent, the less we can do. There's nothing you can do. You're in a tough spot, I get it. I messed up my first mission too. But you're not alone. There are other Travelers. If we have some information, we can help you out of this. What the hell is a Traveler? [door bangs] Aaron Donner, I have a witness that claims that you were a longstanding client of hers. That is, until the company slapped a court order on you. I follow the rule of God. I'm pretty sure "thou shalt not kill" is in your rulebook. You were obsessed. You terrorized the poor girl. I was saving Mindy. She'll see that in time. You blew up her workplace in order to save her? It was God's will. You're looking at three counts of first-degree murder. They were sinful. They were? [scoffs] Well, it's gonna take some kind of divine intervention to save you from lethal injection. Capital punishment? [Forbes]: The state of Washington carries the death sentence for first-degree murder charges with aggravated reasons. I want a lawyer. Now he wants a lawyer. Yeah, we still got you for an hour and seven minutes before the presence of a lawyer is mandatory. Then I'll wait. But I'm done talking. [school bell ringing] [sighing] Marce, I g... [com feeding back] [beeps com off] [phone rings] [Marcy]: Hi, David. Leave a message. I'll call you back. I'll let you know when the forensics come in. Thanks, partner. [knocking at door] [sighing deeply] Hi. I'm so glad you could join us. Marcy? Ken. Uh, we got your text that you were running late. David is just opening the wine, and I think dinner is almost ready. [David]: How goes the battle? [Ken]: Uh... Yeah. David said your dog was sick. My d...? No, he's fine, it was indigestion. [Marcy]: Oh. This is Marcy? This is Marcy. And, uh, now you know why I wanted you to see her. I don't want to rush dinner, but everything's ready, so... Do you want to just get started? I hope you're hungry. David made his famous pasta dish. Huh. Well, it's always that or chicken. Yeah. [laughs] I'm sorry, Marcy, you're gonna have to help me here. I'm confused. I understand you have some concerns about David's conduct regarding me, but I can assure you that not only am I no longer in his care, but that our relationship is purely platonic. Platonic? [knocking at door] [MacLaren]: Marcy? Excuse me. Work. [knocking] Hey, sorry, I know I'm breaking protocol, but my com... I'm interrupting. Agent MacLaren! Don't be ridiculous, uh, why don't you come and join us? You know what, David? This'll just take a second. [knocking at door] It's a little late for a home visit. I don't mind. Nice summer evening. Given what transpired at the meeting today, I wanted to follow up. And... I have a warrant this time. Come on in. It's all pretty much the same as last time you were here, 'cept for the John in my closet, of course. Ms. Shannon. Carly. Carly. I didn't agree with how some aspects of the meeting were handled, but your behavior was concerning. Yeah, I can tell by how you're inside my house again. I'm not on anyone's side but Jeffrey Junior. My job is to make sure that whatever happens is for his best welfare. [Carly]: I get that's your job, but I'm tired of being grilled. [voice breaks]: I'm tired in general. [sobs]: It is so hard doing this with no help. Jeff is not a good man. And he's a cop, so I can't say anything. I can't go to anyone. He's doing this because I won't be with him. He's punishing me. Seriously, he's FBI, and she works with him. Though he can neither confirm nor deny it. It's a lot cooler when he says it. [hushed]: I tried to call. Is everything all right? It-It will be, but what do you need? I need you to replace my com. It got busted. How? An altercation. I don't know how, but apparently the new Traveler's a misfire. I've been dealing with a psychopath all day. All right, well, I'll replace it first thing, okay? Excuse me. Could you please show me some identification? [Ken]: "Special Agent Grant MacLaren." [MacLaren]: And you are? Ken Palfy. She works for you? Marcy is my associate, yes. In what capacity? Well, that's... ...none of your goddamn business, Ken. Sorry for interrupting. Nice to see you again, David. Uh... Aaron Donner? Did you say anything to them? No, but they have everything. I'm familiar with your case. Right. Um, let's see here. Okay, so they found your fingerprints on the bomb, and DNA came through with trace evidence that places you at the scene. If I have information. Can I make a deal? What? Like a plea bargain? No, I want the charges dropped. I want to go into witness protection, new identity, everything. That's not likely. I've gained knowledge of a secret organization that's infiltrated our society. What? There's a huge network of them. They operate outside the law, and they're dangerous. They've even infiltrated the FBI. And how do you know all of this? One of their operatives gave himself away. I think the Defense Department would be very interested to hear what I have to say. Okay. What is this organization? They call themselves Travelers. Agent MacLaren is one of them. You must've been born with a horseshoe up your ass. Where's the rest of it? You got three races out of five with those stupid odds. Consider yourself a lucky man. [frustrated sigh] 7-3-2-5. What? [beeps com on] Guys, we need to assemble back at Ops A.S.A.P. On my way. Copy. [Trevor]: On my way. I just need to finish up something at school. Trevor? Your test isn't until 3:00. Actually, Ms. Day, I wanted to thank you for lending me that book. I really enjoyed it. You finished it? Uh-huh. And I wanted to return the favor. It was something that gave me comfort during a very... lonely time. Well, thank you. Enjoy. Hey. You know he's just gonna hang himself in there. My client wants an audience with the D.A.'s office, and they granted him that request. - It's his right. - He's insane. Well, it's not for you to decide. Really? 'Cause I've pretty much already decided. Hey. You wanted to see me? Your letter of resignation on my desk in an hour. Turn in your I.D. and keys. What? And I think you'll understand that I can't give you a reference. This can't still be about Marcy. What do you think? I think that you met her, you saw her, you know what she does. Steal from people with actual disabilities for over a year? Do you know how much she's drained from the system? Because I do. Dollar for dollar. Do you know how many grants we've been turned down for? How many programs have been canceled because I can't rely on the government to even keep the lights on? They won't support us, but they don't give a shit if they take from us. She didn't do any of that. And what does this have to do with me? You helped that woman commit social assistance fraud. I had no idea! But when you found out, did you come to me? Did you? Did you say, "Hey, Ken, friend, boss... Why don't you take a look at this?" No. And now we're out her base benefits for two years, not to mention half the cost of her apartment, outings, time. I know you did things for her out of your own pocket. How can you not be furious at that? It's important work she's doing. David... Wake up, man. She was playing you. She was playing you then, she's playing you now. You're right. When I thought Marcy was somebody who... needed my help, I did do things out of my own pocket. [raising voice]: On my own time, because I care about my clients. So who are you gonna get to do my case load now? Malcolm? 'Cause he never does home visits. He never takes his clients to their appointments or teaches them how to socialize. Will he know that when Jason refuses to eat, you got to pretend that you're at his grandma's house? I have put in more overtime than anyone, and we don't get paid overtime! But good luck! 'Cause you're worried about a few dollars! Try several thousand! Okay! Well, that's a lot! Yes, it is! [door shuts] Mr. Donner... [sighs] The Department of Justice doesn't take kindly to having its time wasted. In fact, that's why I'm here and not the District Attorney herself. Assistant D.A. Peckham, my client stands behind his testimony. Know that we are taking this very seriously. State your name for the camera, then proceed. Is that feed being broadcast in any way? [Peckham]: Internal use only. My name is Aaron Donner, and I have information on a secret organization that operates worldwide. They call themselves Travelers. [Peckham]: A terrorist organization? [Donner]: Similar, yes, and they operate outside the law, infiltrate government agencies. [Peckham]: Yes, I was informed you even implicated a federal agent. That's a very serious allegation, Mr. Donner. I was approached by him. He revealed himself as a double agent. Said that he was part of a large network, and that if I joined them, he could help me with my charges. Help you how? He just said that he could help me if I was one of them. And how is it that no governmental department is even aware of these Travelers? Because they operate in secret. Mr. Donner, I'm gonna need something more concrete than your conspiracy theories. We're done here. He's right there. Why don't you ask him? Why don't you ask? Ask him yourself. Ask him about Travelers. He knows. Aaron, you're confused. [Peckham]: Special Agent MacLaren, if you could please escort Mr. Donner back into federal custody, where we can process him accordingly? No, look. Wait. Wait, wait, wait. Wait! Wait! I can prove it. I am one of them. What are you talking about? I'm Traveler 4022. I will tell you everything. How we communicate, how we receive our orders, our-our missions, our protocols, just, please. To finally live in the world above ground, I will not give that up. I'll tell you everything. [unzips bag] [sets pen down] Continue. We communicate on secure servers in the deep web. I can show you. You'll see messages that correspond with all the missions that we've done... heists, assassinations. The Van Huizen explosion? That was us. And how can you determine if someone is one of these Travelers? We use a com device that's injected just beneath the ear. That's how we communicate within our team. [Peckham]: And you have one of these devices? No. I was supposed to get one, but my team was killed shortly after their arrival, so... Arrival from where? The future! Please, I am telling the truth here. I swear. Just check... Check his com. Just look for yourself. Look for yourself. Don't. Agent MacLaren was sent here to brief me on my first mission. If I go down, you go down too. I wish you hadn't said that. Is this true, Special Agent MacLaren? Are you one of these Travelers? [clears his throat] Yes. I'm Traveler 3468. And I'm not alone. Traveler 4022, you are accused of treason. Your trial begins now. [Day]: Give him five more minutes. [Morrissy]: He's already had 30. I'm not missing dinner with my kids because the ex-football star had better things to do. Goodnight, Grace. [mutters]: Dammit, Trevor. Traveler 4022 failed to defuse the bomb that led to the death of his team. I'm sure it was a very difficult situation to face alone. [Peckham]: But he wasn't alone. [MacLaren]: No. [Peckham]: You offered 4022 your assistance. [MacLaren]: Many times, but he was afraid. [Peckham]: And do you think this excuses his actions? No, I don't. I practiced defusing that bomb a thousand times... But when I got here, it didn't work. I swear, I tried it. The Director didn't give me enough time. And what was I supposed to do? Die? Instead, you betrayed all of us. It is now time to vote. [male voice]: 3569. 0115. 3326. What's going to happen to me? Traveler 4022, you have been found guilty of treason, for which the punishment is death by immediate overwrite. No. No! No! No! No! No! No! No. No! [♪♪♪] [crying out] [gasping and groaning] Traveler 4024... welcome to the 21st century. [officers cutting straps] Thank you. Yes? Carly, I was, uh... passing through the area and wanted to drop by. Just for a moment. I have another appointment. What's going on? Is something wrong? I just wanted you to know you're not alone. I'm going to help you. I've seen this system fail women like you too many times before, and I'd like to see this story have a better ending. Okay. Um... Thank you. The father does have a lot of leverage, so in between now and the next proceeding, we need to strengthen your case. Red flag number one... your liquid income. I swear to you, I didn't make that money by... It doesn't matter. As far as I care, you did what you had to in order to feed your child. But... the allegation was made, and so we have to combat it. How? You need to get a job. [Jeffrey cries] I'll help you get set up. Let's meet later this week. [slams receiver down] What's wrong? Donner got off. Of the death penalty. He's still gonna get life in prison. With a chance of parole. Not for a long time. He's just lucky he killed the right people. What does that mean? Nobody cares about the deaths of a few sex workers. Just sweep it underneath the rug. It's not right. For Chrissake. We need to talk. Didn't bring your FBI friend with you? No. Wasn't necessary. This should cover all the benefits that I received under David's care, with interest. Is this legal? Do you care? David needs to maintain his position here. He's doing a bit of work for us. That's blackmail. I could take the money back, if you prefer, give it to your replacement. But David seems to like you. Tell him he can come back to work on Monday. Bye, Ken. Hell of a first assignment. Well, honestly, I think even going to prison's better than where I just came from. It's that bad? I was kind of hoping the work we've been doing would have some effect, especially Helios. If anything, it's going the other way. Have we at least found more fuel for the reactor? I shouldn't have said anything. Protocol 2. You know we're not supposed to... Yeah, no, I get it. I get it. Be strong. Rough jump into the 21st? I'm Traveler 2587. So, you're one of The Director's abandoned orphans too? I'm on mission, and you're breaking Protocol 2. Some mission. I trust in the grand plan. Give it some time. Then we'll talk. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 