Undercover Billionaire: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Undercover Billionaire 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Undercover Billionaire (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Is the "american dream" still alive? I'm glenn sterns. To prove it, last year, I made a bet That I could go undercover And build a million dollar business in 90 days. What I need to know is are you with me? I have to go to the hospital. - What do I do? - I'm trying to tell you! I can't... it was the hardest thing That I've ever done in my life. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Whoo! But there's more than one way... To make a million dollars. See, when I start laughing It's 'cause I'm really nervous. Now, three successful entrepreneurs Are stepping forward to take on the same challenge. Who has my money? This sounds like I'm being greedy. But I'm not greedy. I'm a hunter. I'm all about relationships. My strategy is, I'm not building it without the community. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It can't happen. I don't take "no" for an answer, Being a woman in a man's world. There's no crying. Make other people cry. In a country caught In an economic hurricane... the governor called a state of emergency... - Holy hell. - ...Can they pull it off? We need to be realistic about the economy. Can anybody create a business with cameras? It's chaos. To keep things fair, They're going undercover In cities they've never been to. With only $100. A cell phone with no contact And an old truck. All they'll have are the business principles They use to become successful. The work hasn't started yet. Big! You know what I'm saying? At the end of 90 days, All three businesses will be independently valuated. If it's a penny short of a million dollars, I'll put in a million dollars. Win or lose, the people who get me there, Will be rewarded. But they don't know it. In three different american cities, With millions of dollars on the line, These trailblazers will try and prove The "american dream" is still alive. I'm grant cardone and I make money. I make a lot of money. I own 17 companies And almost two billion dollars worth of real estate. I'm the bestselling author of eight business books come on! Come on! The founder of the 10x movement, I sell out massive events all over the world. I'm about to do something That is like beyond terrifying. It is the biggest fear That human beings have. Not knowing where you're going to live, How you're going to eat, Or how you're going to spend your next day, And that's what I'm about to do. I haven't experienced that in 30 years. I grew up in lake charles, louisiana. It's a refinery labor town. My dad died when I was 10 years old. And when he died, I could see my mother go from Moment of grief To massive fear. She was in terror about one thing... Money. "how am I going to raise five kids?" So here I am watching this And still today, that drives me. I'm bringing in a water bottle, Okay, we got a couple little sweaters, in case You go someplace cold. I went from the middle class to nothing. My game was drugs And alcohol. So we'll each write our little note. Barely made it to college, I had been fired from six jobs. So I started in car sales and I hated it, But I stuck with it, banked a bunch of money And then started buying real estate. Easy, easy. I love you. Hey, what did I get myself into? Think he's gonna survive? You know, I think it's gonna be A little harder than he thinks. I remember you saying About the "american dream" being real. I'd love to validate to people that The dream's real. So when I was done, I didn't feel like I missed the goal, I really was proud of where we got to... "why do this?" that is a great question. I'm doing this for americans who don't have much, Don't believe in themselves much, Because that used to be me. Everything you think you know about Achieving the american dream, Is wrong. The middle class concepts, Saving money, Retirement, Everything you know about money today, Has you trapped. Okay man, thank you so much And again, a lot of respect for what you've done And for taking this thing on. Good luck, I can't wait to hear how it goes. Getting rich is a game. I'll show you how to win at the game. I'm monique idlett, I'm best known as the co-founder and ceo Of mosley music group, Which I started with my ex-husband, timbaland. We were a full service label That had a joint venture with interscope records With jimmy iovine. Home to nelly furtado, One republic, Keith urban, Chris cornell... We generated hundreds of millions of dollars In album sales and publishing royalties. Det. Com is our partner now. - Yes! - yeah, so There will be a press release about that too. I made my first million By creating an agency To partner the right talent In the entertainment and sports world With the right corporations. Now, I own reign ventures, A tech capital fund that's focused on women And minority led start-ups. Our portfolio company's worth hundreds of millions. This can change a lot of households... - Mm-hmm... - And the way young people - Interact with their credit scores. - I agree. I'm excited. It's gonna be good. I'm going into uncharted territory But I'm definitely not afraid of adversity I think my whole life has been adversity And how to overcome something. The "american dream," It hasn't been for everyone, It applies to people who Typically have generational wealth And generational legacy and Families that have been able to pass on. I was raised in perth amboy, new jersey, In income based housing, With a single mom. My mother lived paycheck from paycheck, Didn't learn anything about savings or credit. There were days when she wouldn't get a paycheck Till Friday and the electricity bill Was due on Thursday and they would cut it off Like, we'd be using candles. I don't forget any of that. I got pregnant and had a child at 18. I mean, as a baby, he was on campus with me Or sometimes at work with me... Depending upon what job I was at. Goin' to your dad's. Goin' to your dad's. Do I have anything to be worried about? Nah, they just typical teenagers. The kids kept asking me like, "why am I doing this?" And I'm actually like, I had to really, really think about that 'cause I was over looked in the industry. Especially once we got married, People didn't understand that I was business. I have, since 18 years old, Done nothing but build relationships. But I feel like This is a learning experience for you. This challenge is a good cleansing For the soul. But I wouldn't know. You can't quit now, once you say "yes." you in it now... - yeah. - I don't think I ever quit, though. I'm taking on this challenge, For people of color, for women. Women are c-suites at major-major corporations And have continued to show statistically That they scale the revenue model. So why do we keep getting overlooked? I love you, baby. I love you too. Come on, let's go. There's no crying in construction. I make other people cry. I'm elaine culotti and I'm 100% a badass. I'm a builder, I'm a developer, I'm a designer and I'm a visionary. Casinos, hospitals, luxury homes... I've handled over a billion dollars worth Of real estate. If it can be built, I can figure out a way to do it. Growing up, my father was in the military, He was a fighter pilot. He flew f-100s and f-111s. My father was gone a lot And we travelled But children that come from the military, That move a lot are independent And really quick to make friends. I was able to figure it out, being a woman That was in a man's world. My dad told me that the most important outfit That you could put on is confidence. When I was 14 years old, I took a job for train heating and air-conditioning, I wasn't even old enough to work, which I lied about And then I made a deal where I got paid Per lead, instead of For the hours that I was working. And I was making so much money That they tried to re-cut my deal. Then I started a shoeshine company And then hot dogs And all kinds of vending machines And I took it literally to college with me. I got interested in real estate And I did at least 30 transactions By the time I was 30 years old. Now, I'm a designer and a real estate mogul. My development company Is really the driving force of my wealth. You guys want to cut? Hale? Don't do what I do. I get a little bit too close to it. Chop it all up. The "american dream" is 100% alive and well. What really drove me to take this challenge, Was in all honesty, the pandemic. I can offer something to people that need hope And show them how they can achieve The most amazing things if they just tie themselves At the feet and work together. How are you feeling? How are you doing? - Stressed about leaving. - You are? I wish I wasn't leaving When the kids were closing escrow. I have three beautiful children. Jessica, leo and cosmo. 'cause ordinarily, I would, you know... Be so in there with tha... Take over the whole thing. Yeah. - Maybe it's a blessing. - Maybe that's okay. Maybe it was meant to be. And then there's tim, my boyfriend. Hey. Hey. - And there's that. - Yeah. I'm gonna miss them. To a million dollar business in 90 days. - Whoo! - Whoo! May I survive 90 days. - You can do it. - Go do it. Hey. - Thank you. - Mm-hmm. Love you, good luck. Thank you. You're gonna kill it. Love you. - buh-bye. - Bye, baby. I'm really excited about the opportunity To do a do-over without all my resources. But I have a long list, Really of things I'm going to miss. I like to get my nails done. I like to feel perfect all the time. I always keep more than one housekeeper, And I don't have a pool man, I have a pool team. Somebody to take care of the horses, swans. Swans are not easy to take care of. I'm just skinny. I have plenty of other problems, It's just, that's not one of 'em. They passed am anti-party ordinance in my name Which really sucks. My temper is my biggest weakness. They have to know That I'm not gonna put up with any nonsense. Seek and destroy. My feet are on the ground all the time. They are solidly on the ground. All the time. There's 12 million people following me on instagram, Facebook and youtube. We have a goal in this company to have more investors Than we have customers. Cash attract. Somebody in that town is gonna know me. Oh, my god. Curtis louis is my father's first and middle name, So I think it's appropriate that I'll be louis curtis. Love you guys. I'll come back for you as fast as I can, okay? - Yeah. - I love you so much. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. You. Proud of your mom. Take care of 'em. Yeah, I will. Okay, all right. My beautiful wife and two daughters Mean everything to me. I don't want to be without my kids. So I'm gonna figure out a way to get my family Where I am, wherever I'm going. It's hard to be away from them. Reminds me, you know, just not having time, Enough time With my dad, you know. Here we go. Kick it up, boys! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Whoo-whoop! Oh, yeah, I got it, okay. The start over, not being able To use any of your resources, that's terrifying... For most people. I don't have that gene. My driver has 12 cylinders like a vintage jag. I'm gonna be moving so quick, When I get to wherever it is I'm going. I'm very worried that the Camera crew won't able to keep up. Hi, my name is elaine may rindge... Yikes. I chose the alias elaine may rindge Because of rhoda may rindge. She was an american Businesswoman and a real estate developer In the early 1900s. I've always admired her perseverance At a time when women didn't have a say In the world, they didn't even vote. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look, look, look. This is my pass through city, So I have no idea where I'm going from here. Oh... Glenn, how are you? I'm just like, all over the place. If you could give me one piece of advice Going into this, what would you tell me, glenn? That means a lot coming from you, glenn. Thank you so much and we'll check back in. Thank you. Bye-bye. So nice. I've given myself the alias of monique leney As a tribute to my sister Whose name is shakira leney. How are you doing? Nice to meet you. Monique. - Heavy bag. - I got it. Let's go. See, when I start laughing, It's 'cause I'm really nervous. And ladies and gentlemen, From the flight deck, welcome to lamar airport, Servicing pueblo, colorado. Hope you enjoy the rest of your day. I've never really even heard of pueblo. Look at this. Look, look, look, fresno! Best little city in the usa. Fear is starting to move to excitement. What am I gonna do? What's gonna happen here? Here it is, my ride. What am I most afraid of? Everything. From this moment on, grant, elaine And monique can't use their real names. - I gotta give you this, this... - their money Or their contacts. For the next 90 days, they'll be undercover, Starting with only a phone, a truck... My life savings. This is anxiety right here. And $100 in cash. This is a suicide mission. Uh, wow. Thank you. It's crazy. It's nicer than the first truck I had. Saying good-bye to the things in life. Ah, just me and my car. - Hi, glenn. - How you doing? I'm awesome. I have to ask you about your first 24 hours. You know, this was by far The hardest thing I ever did. And the most rewarding. How much decision making process was gut? Most of it because, you know, because, You know, it's obviously very important To immediately find great people That you can surround yourself with because you can't do it alone. You don't have a lot of time, so you've got to go with your gut. I wish you well out there. I think you're gonna do great. Thank you for letting me carry your torch for a little while. - Enjoy the ride. - Thank you. Bye. First things first, We're gonna change out of this dress, period. Understory. As a woman, I think the challenge will be easier. Honestly, I do not have any doubts. I'm gonna be able to pull this off. Strip down in a parking lot. Nobody will notice. All right. Directions to downtown fresno. We're gonna go look around. Fresno, get ready. I'm coming for you. I see a beautiful bridge almost like a gateway, So to speak. Oh, here we go. Now I'm entering tacoma. Tacoma is 33 miles southwest of seattle. On the banks of picturesque puget sound. Tacoma's thriving economy was built around Its vast lumber industry and it's crucial Northwestern rail and sea ports. But in the late 1970's, deforestation and The outsourcing of the manufacturing Sent the local economy into a tailspin, Leading to plant closures and staggering job losses. But today, locals are is determined as ever To fulfill tacoma's destiny As a beautiful, prosperous city. My first focus is shelter As a lady, I'm not going to sleep in the car. So I'm going to research to see if I can find One of the larger nondenominational churches. I just need to go to somewhere that I feel Like is a safe space. Uh, to be honest, That I'm look... that I have to find shelter. And I think that the church is pretty much accustomed to hearing that. I don't even know where to start, man. Damn, it's overwhelming. Okay, we're going to pueblo. Knowing that in a few hours the sun is gonna go down, I have no place to sleep tonight And temperature is about to drop. First thing, I gotta find a place to live. Nobody is gonna take me seriously If I'm sleeping in a truck. I'm looking for a place That provides me with solutions. It's a place to sleep tonight, Place to make money tomorrow. I know staying in my car, just sitting here Does nothing for me. Pueblo, pueblo, pueblo, Don't know how to say it. Once the westernmost city In the united states, By the late 1800s, Pueblo was on the rise, Thanks to the railroad and manufacturing industries. Its potential seemed limitless. Then, after being hit hard by the steel crash Of 1982 This steel city of the west struggled To regain its former glory. But with wild west resolved, The 100,000 diehard residents of pueblo Are fighting to make a comeback. "rv dealers pueblo, colorado." Every rv place is gonna close at five. I got one shot. Zabukovic rv. Yeah, my name's louis. I was coming out... I'm looking for, uh, An rv actually, and I wanted to come out today. How late are you open? We're open till five o'clock. I'm gonna come out there to see you, My name is louis curtis. - We'll see you then. - Thanks. Before I could push for a million dollar business, I need to hit my goals this week To get some momentum. I need to quickly find key players in this town And get myself a payday. I wanna make 3000 or 4000 bucks This week so I can have a financial cushion And enough money to get my family out here. By the end of this first week, I promised my kids, "you'll be out here." And it's also really important to me To me that I don't spend any of that $100. I'm broke. Let's make it official. Whether it's 100 or zero, it's no money. I have to meet people. I can't think that ben franklin Is gonna be my solution, because he's not. I'm not playing the money game. I'm playing to contact game. Contacts equal contracts. Contracts equal revenue. Looks like a family business. These rv places have three in 400 beds in them. I'm gonna in and see if I could score a place to sleep tonight. How's it goin? - What's your name? - Ryan. Right, ryan, I'm... I'm louis. Um, these guys are doing a documentary on pueblo. - Okay. - And I'm just moving my family out from la. So they're kind of following me around. - Welcome. - It's all right if they're here? - You're new here in pueblo? - Yeah. Welcome to pueblo. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So this is, this is an rv, right? Yeah it's a recreational vehicle. - Can you show me one? - Absolutely. And by the way, if you're gonna live in public, You're gonna have to try a slopper. It's an open face burger... stop it. Stop talking to me about food. We're trying to gain some weight for you. - You know? - I'm starving, man. Look, I gotta find a place to sleep, But I can't just come at this guy, "give me a bed." - I can go in there? - Yeah, absolutely. I've gotta build rapport first. I need to show him that he can trust me With his livelihood, with his rv park. And if he doesn't, it's gonna be a really, really cold night for me. So how soon before you get out here? I'm here now. - You're here now. - I'm here. You're coming out here from la? Pueblo's actually got a lot of friendly people. It's a family oriented place. It's not expensive to live. Wow, that's awesome. And that's the cool thing about pueblo. So I don't know how it can help you. I don't want a handout - From anybody. - No. I need a place to live. I need a job. I need money. What's needed here? - What's needed here? - Yeah. I have every single something I need. - Oh, really? - But um... I just, uh... One of my good friends is I mean, he owns Seven different businesses. Who is that? His name is matt smith. Let me get that name before I forget it. Matt smith at snap fitness. - Matt smith is gonna be the one... - I love that. I love that. I'm here for a place to sleep. But if this guy will give me a bed And more importantly, some names of players In this town, I'm not gonna turn that down. - It's gonna get cold tonight, huh? - Yeah. Everyone knows someone that knows someone and They got to get to know me that I'm all right. So, your house right now, are you renting? - What are you doing? - I got the town today. - Just got down today? - Today. It was this quick? Today, so I need a place to sleep tonight. Okay. As far as a place to stay... I don't want a handout. - Whatever I can do. - No, I understand. I don't want, you know... I can be security here, Clean up... Whatever you need in exchange. - Okay. - What do you think we can work out, my friend? You know, I'll sleep in my truck tonight, if I have to. Every other rv place is closed now. This is my one shot at a free bed tonight. I don't wanna come out of the gate failing. I just got to town today. - So, I need a place to sleep tonight. - Okay. As far as a place to stay... I was terrified, making that ask. I've asked for hundreds of millions of dollars At one time, and every time I'm still scared. I can probably come up with a place to stay, for you. It'd be in a trailer sitting outside. Better than what I got right now. It is tough to take a chance on somebody, but I take a chance on every time I hire somebody here. I just need like, three nights. That way, at least I know where I'm at tonight, uh... I think we can come up with something. And maybe we renegotiate later, or whatever. Absolutely, absolutely. And at least this way, it's occupied. You got free security, basically. He's respectable. He's respectful. I'd rather take the chance on the possible good. Let's try to help somebody out. Why not? Good. I cannot thank you enough, bro. Like... oh, my god, man. Everybody thinks it needs money. It don't take money. It takes courage, creativity, and commitment. Got a place to sleep tonight. - So water works? - No. It's all right, dude. I'm happy with it. I got you a bed tonight. I know that. Yeah, that's good enough for me. I'll hit a gym tomorrow morning and take a shower. - So I want you to go to snap fitness. - Yeah. Okay. - Which is down the street. Talk to matt smith. - Yeah. Okay. Anybody can do what I just did. Anybody. You saved my day. Bro, I can't thank you enough. The whole premise is based on one thing. People. You have to meet people. You cannot get anywhere without people. Other people. He's coming back out. Just letting you know you've got a meal tonight, okay? - Stop it, man. - Kat's porthouse. best place. - Go into the bar... - I gotta give you a hug now, bro. - Go into the bar, talk to candy. - Okay. If I could help somebody, I'd rather help somebody than not. That's the way I look at it. - Thank you, man. - Everything's taken care of. Dude. You're the man, bro. Strangers have everything you want. Look what happened today, man. I got a place to sleep tonight. I got a meal. The guy put $100 on a restaurant down there. And more importantly than all that, 'cause that is really important, He knows all the business people in this town. I just got in this afternoon, and I made contacts. You meet enough people, you'll get lucky, Just like I did today. I'm thinking about where I should Be looking for a place that's not expensive. That looks like the main downtown right down here. Settled by homesteaders in the late 1800s, Fresno became known for its rich and productive farmland, Located roughly halfway between los angeles And san francisco, the culturally diverse region Prospered and grew to supply 25% of america's Agriculture needs. But the 500,000 people of fresno were rocked by an endless california Drought and the financial crash of 2008. Unemployment skyrocketed as crop yields plummeted. Now, with the grid of the original settlers, Innovative residents were fighting To put their city back on top. Look at this. Everything's like boarded up and closed up. That's so weird. Where is everybody at? This is like downtown, downtown. It's disheartening when you drive down a city street And there's no people and there's nothing open And it's just daunting. On the homeless situation is overwhelming. It's really bad. Obviously now my first task is going to be Figuring out where I'm gonna be safe to sleep. I think I don't wanna put myself in any kind of risk. Hi. Do you know if there's a place down here That I can stay like a, like a small hotel That's very inexpensive? Hi, I'm sorry to be a bother. Thank you very much. So the plan is I'm gonna go to this ihop Because right next door is a place that's affordable, whatever that means. Here it is. I'm just gonna pop in and just ask how much it is. Do you have any vacancies? And how much is it a night? Okay, thank you. I don't particularly get frustrated but I'm stunned. I can't believe it's over $100 for a hotel room in fresno. I can't afford that. Hey, is there a place to stay down here That's like under $50 that you know of? - Nah. - No way? - Don't know nowhere like that. - You don't know anywhere like that? Freaked me out, there's nothing available. And then I saw the word 'inn.' An inn is a place where you sleep. Oh, god. Find shepherd's inn phone number. Downtown in every city Is always filled with inns and places above businesses. That's how the united states was built, And usually they're more affordable. Hi, my name is elaine And I'm at your place called shepherd's inn. Can you please call me back? I'm gonna put my phone number under the door. Okay, I have to keep looking. 'we're open, ' it says 'we're open.' Hi, I was wondering how much it is for a room. Oh, I don't have $100 deposit. Really? I'm surprised there's not something under $100 In downtown fresno while it's closed. That is a big shock to me. The sun is nearly down and I have no place to stay. It's late. I have to find shelter for the night. Let's see where I am right now. Churches in downtown tacoma. Urban grace, here we go. No matter what I'm going through, I always turn to my faith first. I also grew up in the church, my mother is a pastor. And so what I do know for these next 90 days, I'm going to have to lean on my faith in a big way. Oh, here we go, urban grace. Thank you for calling urban grace. The urban grace offices are currently closed. Covid-19 restrictions. Okay, this is where it gets so tricky Because what I would normally do Is call one of my pastor friends. I found a church a half mile away. We are in for a five-minute drive. Someone just walked out so that's probably where I'm meant to go. - Good afternoon, sir. How are you? - Good, how are you? - What's your name? - Pastor christopher. I'm monique lenai. How are you? - I'm just moving here to tacoma. Yes, sir. - Oh, okay. - Trying to build a small business. - And they are? They're filming a documentary about small business owners, entrepreneurs Just trying to build right now during this pandemic. Mmm-mmm. It feels so wrong to be lying to the pastor about my name, And my situation. However, this challenge has rules, And staying undercover is rule number one. And so I wanted to come for church to try to get the understanding of tacoma. And then start trying to get some of my initial needs met, you know. - Okay. - Somewhere to stay for right now, Try to get some work going and stuff. - So how long you been in tacoma? - I just got here. - Just got here? - Yes. I'm feeling overwhelmed, out of my comfort zone. - That's okay. - Don't have family, friends. What do you need to know? The first thing is shelter. I'm just trying to figure out, I don't have a lot of money. Okay, so you in need of housing now. I am, just some short-term, temporary, Somewhere I can sleep tonight, so I can at least get my mind settled. Hmm. Okay, uh... it's getting late, and I have to get some sleep. And so I wanted to come for church to try to get the understanding of tacoma. What do you need to know? The first thing is shelter. I'm just trying to figure out, I don't have a lot of money. Okay, um... - We'll help you. - Thank you, pastor. Thank you. Vulnerability is an asset. It is not a weakness in business. In fact, most people are willing to help. It's what we are as human beings. We're kind. Uh, try to get you a room for three nights. Thank you, pastor. You may have to ask five people, But do not be afraid to ask for what you need. Ask susie to help you find a hotel. Yes, sir, yes. I'll call it in with my card and you show your id. Thank you. You're about to make me cry. - Talk to susie, I'll be back. - I'm gonna talk to susie. - Thank you so much. I appreciate that. - All right. Okay, take care. Pastor christopher offered me, from his own personal pocket, Three nights at a hotel. He didn't ask me my last name, He literally just heard what my problems were, And he offered me a solution. The sun is nearly down and I have no place to stay. - - hello? This is russell stone, the owner of shepherd's. Oh, my god. Do you have rooms there? - Yes, we do. - I knew it, I knew it. How much is it, though? Well we typically rent them out by the month, so that's like 400 a month. But I don't have anywhere near that. How much would it be for one night? Twenty five I guess because then I got to clean it again and do all that stuff. So I guess we could do it for 25. I'm coming over to you right now. When you get here, call this phone number. This is my business phone And I'll have it in my pocket and I'll come down and meet you. - Hi, I'm elaine. Yeah. - Hello, elaine? - Russell stone. - Nice to meet you. - I have some people with me, if that's okay. - Oh, okay. Yeah, absolutely. So you wanna see the room? So it's kind of a communal everything. I feel blessed I found this place, I feel kissed on the head by god. You know, I always feel like god is right on top of my head there. Even though I paid $25 for my room tonight, Awesome, I'll take it. It's worth it to not sleep in my truck like glenn did. Is there a bathroom in here? Not in the room. There are communals. There's five in the hallway and five showers. Oh, my god. How many people are here? - About 12 to 15. - Oh. I'm accustomed to a much better bathroom situation than this. - Where's the bathroom and shower? - I'll show you. This is gonna be the shower. I didn't even do communal living in college. I'm not sure how I'm gonna manage. Is there any refrigeration all in the building? - In the building there is, not in your room though. - Okay. - Do you have an ice chest? - Yeah. - Would you mind? - Yeah. Thank you. I only have twenties. - Fifteen-forty. - Thank you. Thank you. It was so nice to meet you. Take care of you. I'll come see you tomorrow. - That's awesome. Thank you. - You're welcome. - I appreciate it, russell. - Thank you. I need to find a job, first of all. I need to find a job. I need to work for my food because I consume too much. I'm very tired. I think I'm exhausted Because it was such a long day. There's no question about it, the heat played a factor. I'm exhausted. I'm going to bed. Hi, ms. Susie. How are you? Pastor told me to come and talk to you. - Do you mind? - No, go ahead. I was telling him that I just moved. Ms. Susie requested to not be on camera When she was meeting with me. So he told me that he will offer like three nights So I can figure my stuff out. So I thought that was super amazing. - Oh. - I'm appreciative. You helped me, I don't mind helping you. I'm in the naacp, so we're stuffing envelopes today. Oh, really. Then look, I'm gonna stay and help. That's the least I can possibly do is volunteer today For inviting me into a closed church To offering me somewhere to lay my head for the next three nights. The naacp tacoma chapter has created a list of the candidates for November And they're sending this out to all of their members. So I'm up here folding, preparing for letters. I'm volunteering. Oh, they have some senators up. T'wina nobles, She is running for the senator for the 28th district. And I'm actually gonna keep this Because this is actually a list of some of the most influential people in tacoma, And will be a great resource to learn about the community moving forward. I was folding these papers. So these are all the candidates that are up for office? - The majority of them. - Right, right. I was looking at, how do you say her name, t'wina? - T'wina nobles. - Nobles. Okay, yeah. Is she likely to get that senate office? - We hope so. - Okay. Is she amazing? She in tacoma? She's running against an incumbent. She's the president of the tacoma urban league. Oh, okay. I'mma have to go see her. All right, this is my last one. I'm gonna go and check into my room, thank god. What a day. I'm really tired right now. I have three nights paid for in this hotel. My goals for this first week are to find a safe and affordable place to live. In researching tacoma, Most basic studio apartments are at least $800. I can't afford that yet. And then I need to get a very strategic job That is gonna allow me growth, That I'm gonna learn something for my future. Strategy and intent is how I try to move in every part of my life, Both personally and professionally. Day one, I still have $100 left. Still got my phone, still got my car. And now I'm going to bed. I wanna go seven days without spending one penny of my money. - Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. - There you are. Sine I got a tab over at the restaurant, this is doable. Let me thank ryan. That goes a long way. I will eat this tomorrow. Feels so much better now that I ate. Oh, my gosh. Got to have food. I'm way ahead of where I thought I would be. So my goals right now are, I wanna bank $3,000 to $4,000 in this first week. But mostly, I need to get my family here, And that's gonna be really tricky. - Girlies! - How's it going? Where did you end up going? Where are you? I'm in pueblo, colorado. Nice. I met a man that let me use an rv, a recreational vehicle. - No way. - Yeah, you wanna see? This is my bedroom. - That's awesome. - Yeah, yeah. Trying to figure out how to get you here. I'm ahead of what I thought I'd be at. - Wow. - You're awesome, papa. Look, I love you guys. I'm so tired. I love you. You know, I'm used to sleeping like a king. Ribs feel like they're bruised. My neighbors like to stay up late. Giggling girls, Heavy-duty weed, break, giggling girls, heavy-duty weed, break. I didn't sleep, and I haven't eaten in a day. I've got two more nights at this hotel, paid for. But I have to keep working on my next plan for shelter. Still a little bit of water. Damn it. I don't have a bowl. There's no bowls here. This is better than a truck. I'd be in so much worse shape if ryan was not so generous. When his generosity runs out, I'm on the streets again. The first week I'm looking to make three or four thousand. That'll pay for a place to live, basic survival And I can get my family out here. Gonna have a little toast this morning. Look, I can't imagine doing this without them. So all I've got to do right now is find out Who has my money? Who in pueblo has my money? This is the driving force Of how I run my other businesses. I need to go connect with the biggest players in this town Like matt smith. I'll supply the strategy and the brains and the work. I got to sell louis curtis. I got to find a person who's gonna give me their money To start my business. Finding that connection fast is gonna be the difference between success and failure. My daddy told my mom before he died, Learn how to sell. I forgot my frigging toothbrush. If you can sell, you can do anything. We're headed out into the unknown world of pueblo. I haven't eaten in over 24 hours. I'm actually irritated because I am hungry. I think it's not normal to not eat food and not to take care of yourself. It's a different feeling right now. I have to stop and get a salad, Or something that's not french fries or fake food. I got a baked potato. I wanted a salad but they didn't have any salads under $5 so... I feel like I can't even think right now because I need to eat. This is called hard-knocks. So I'm eating this baked potato And it's making me think, Maybe there's a business idea here Based on the limited options for healthier choices, With limited resources. Wellness is a human right. When I was a child, we didn't have a lot of money But we absolutely had access to healthier food options Because my mother made it a priority. Gosh, I feel so much better with just a bit of food. Oh, my gosh. If there's any opportunity in tacoma to build a business That brings healthy food to all people Who do not have access, Then that could be my million-dollar idea. Russell hi, comma, I'm in the building. I was wondering if I could meet you on the back stairs. It cost me $25 to stay in the end, last night. I can't keep paying that rate. I'll be out of money in three days. I don't have time to spend Driving around the city wondering where I'm gonna sleep at night. He's here. It turns out that the shepherd's inn could be a charming place to stay, And it has a full restaurant on the first floor. Maybe I can talk to russell And see if there's some way that I can stay long-term. - Hello. - Hi, hi. - Thank you for giving me a place to stay. - Mmm-hmm. Anyway, what I wanted to talk to you about, I'd like to stay. So I just wanted to ask you Would you potentially let me stay for the month And I will give you $500 in labor instead of $400 in rent, I can do anything and everything. There's not task that I can't handle. Cleaning is just the beginning of it. And I know that I can really, really help you here. Um... - I'm okay with that? - Would you be okay with that? - Thank you. - That'd be great. When you're short on cash, sometimes you can barter for business. After spending a night at the inn, I knew the pandemic had hit this place hard. It was obvious that russell was struggling to keep up. With my skillset, I recognized it and I pitched in to help. I get a roof over my head for 30 days, And he gets a spotless inn. - That's awesome. - Great. The reason I was willing to let elaine negotiate her room Was because I was doing the cleaning and maintenance. The last thing I had been wanting to do was come down here and clean up. What about cleaning the kitchen? I need to be able to get into things. Um, I can get you a key to the kitchen. I know it's covid but can I give you a hug? - Thank you. - Thank you. I feel so much out of my element right now, professionally. Back in miami, juice and wellness shops are everywhere. I personally drink them and I make them for my kids. I would love to gauge if this is something That restaurants are interested in selling. So I'm headed to hilltop. I heard that this community is super inviting, Super supportive of black businesses. Hilltop is seeing a lot of changes due to gentrification. Going into the challenge, I had to focus on my instant needs, Which are survival needs, right? Food, shelter, a job. I think it's important to embrace the fact That everyday you might change your mind on the direction and pivot. Yes, I'm focusing on survival, But also at the same time, I'm focusing on building my business model. Hi. I'm gonna go in alone. I do not wanna scare them with the cameras. Looking at your menu, I noticed You don't have fresh juices, ginger shots and stuff. That's what I do. I didn't know if you would be open to me selling them here. Okay, yes, ma'am. What's your name? Okay, monique. Nice to meet you. Thank you. I could see that ms. Gloria was swamped. But she didn't say no, which is a great start. I will definitely be following up with her. Notice what happened. I go out, I meet ryan, He hooks me up with a place to live, Then he tells me about a gym up the street called snap fitness. A lot of gyms will give you a free trial. I'm gonna take advantage of this place, Use their showers and their bathroom Since I don't have either in the rv. Ryan told me the owner is a guy named matt smith. This guy is supposedly a serial entrepreneur right here in pueblo. I'm gonna see if I can score a meeting, First, I got to go inside and see if they'll even let this film crew in. I'm giving the camera crew a cover story since they're gonna be with me 24/7. We're doing a documentary on small businesses that are rebuilding pueblo, And I'm one of the entrepreneurs. Get the body moving. When I can't control anything else, I can control this. Trying to figure out how to have the conversation. Why would he do something with a guy with only 100 bucks? Credibility is king. People do business with people that have a track record of success. I don't have any credibility here because I'm louis curtis. So if you haven't yet established your own track record of credibility You better damn well align yourself with people who have. Here's the man. Is that the man right there? - Good morning. - Matt, I'm louis, man. - Yeah, how's it going? - Good. There's cameras here right now. This is intense. Whoa! Even got one over here. You don't mess around. They're trying to blow pueblo up. I'm trying to get work here, move my family over here. Okay. What brought you guys up to pueblo? How'd you guys figure this place out? What's your backstory? Matt smith, pleasure to meet you. What's the backstory? I wanna know. I don't want cameras. This isn't how I roll, dude. People beg for meetings with me. And now I have some mommy producer step in And problem-solve or create more problems for me Because of these stupid cameras. - How's matt? - Uh, so he has some issues. He doesn't wanna talk to you. I've lost my chance to meet this guy. Matt's not gonna talk to me now because he's spooked. I'm gonna go. He says he'll think about talking or meeting with me later. This is humiliating. Not being able to reveal who I am is wrecking my confidence. I've never been louis curtis before. It's changing my whole pitch. You're killing my momentum, guys. I don't want cameras. As louis, I need to rethink this. I'm gonna go. Not being able to reveal who I am is wrecking my confidence. You're killing my momentum, guys. Day two in pueblo, But I have zero prospects for a business, Or how to make money. I'm not, It hasn't even been a full day and I'm literally exhausted. Okay. The deal that I made with russell for this $500 of labor exchange Really means scrubbing floors and cleaning sinks. To pay rent. Okay, this is gonna take a little getting used to. That's why I'm going to start cleaning the kitchen and the restaurant. What is that smell? Oh, god. It looks like they stocked the entire refrigerator And then just closed because of covid. And obviously, when they closed, they just left. I don't even, like... It smells so bad, it smells like a dead body. Oh, boy, that smells so bad. Whoa. This makes me wanna puke. I need another shower. I've got to get back on track today. I've got nowhere on my goal to make $3,000 or $4,000 this week. I don't know what I'm doing, Where I'm at. It's a good-looking jeep. It's for sale with no phone number on it. Must be ryan's. It's gorgeous. Love to be riding around in this bad-boy. A lot better than what I'm driving. Maybe I could turn this into cash. I'm gonna cut a deal with ryan right now for the car out there. That's my goal. This is how I'mma make some money. I'm gonna get ryan to hand me the keys to the jeep, He doesn't even have a sign in there. I'mma sell my suburban dump of that piece of truck. Looking good, man, huh. How you doing, sir? I'm wanna grab a broom. - The jeep. - Mmm-hmm? - You wanna sell that? - Oh, it's... - Can we go in your office? - Yeah. Not a problem. I can't thank you enough but I don't want a handout. I got to figure out some way to pay you back. I got to know that I'm doing right by you. If I wasn't comfortable with you, you wouldn't be here. Are you okay with me staying another week? Um, I'm fine with it. But you got to let me figure out ways to pay you back. Now, the jeep, ironically, I bought for my wife. - But it's not good in the snow at all. - Mmm-hmm. - What year's the jeep? - Jeep's 2019. - What do you want for it? - I'll sell it for what I have into it, really. - Can I sell it for you? - Yeah. - Liquidate. - What if I can get you thirty eight grand for that? I'd be good with that. So can I put my number on the jeep? - Have people call me, and I can handle the calls? - Sure. - I wanna be the middle guy. - Fine. Show it, demo it, Get them hooked, once they're ready I'll bring them to you. I don't want anything. Okay, I appreciate that. I'll keep it washed, clean, ready for sale. It's not gonna sell there. I'm good with that. I won't put more than ten miles a day on it? That's fine. Okay. Urgent. Must sell. Call 790... My goal is to get 2000 for the suburban But I'm gonna ask for more than I expect to see if anybody bites. Turn liabilities into assets. Having access to the jeep allows me to turn My old suburban into cash I need. Okay, we're good. Because I'm doing a service for ryan, That might afford me a little more time In my beautiful rv park. Even though my first attempt To sell juices at southern kitchen was a maybe, I have faith that this idea will work. So I've lined up three more restaurants. I am confident I will get at least one yes. Hi. So I'm making juices. Do you guys partner with local business owners? Hello. I'm making juices. I don't have any. You considering adding a juicing component? As of now, I don't. So it turns out that there's a market for my product. But I can't sell people on it unless I provide samples. I need to start with a juicer, Formulate a plan in order to make this product as quickly as possible. And I have to do it with less than $100. What did I really sign up for? So tonight is my last night at this hotel. Nobody works as hard as I've worked to then Purposely put themselves in these types of conditions. None of this is normal. Clever is unfortunately, what people who have nothing have to always come up with. How can you be productive and healthy if you don't have any, like, If you have to worry about basic needs. What I'm up against is trying to balance myself with Figuring out why I'm doing this again. I'm just, uh, super over-whelmed right now. I don't have any money, I haven't not had more than $100 since probably high school. The way I'm feeling right now, I probably just shouldn't even be on camera. - Hey, daughter. - Hey, mommy. How are you doing, baby? I'm ready to go home tonight. - Why, baby? - It's just a lot. Well, how do you mean? Like, mom, I'm literally having a breakdown right now. - Okay. - This is a big deal, I know, what you're doing, honey. Okay? I mean, you're gonna have a lot of different emotions but, You know, don't wait until tomorrow, baby. You know, I have to turn this $100 into a million dollar valuation. - So... - Mm-hmm. I gotta get to work. Praise god that you're not under a bridge somewhere Or in a cardboard box, right? Yeah, that's for sure. Okay, and, and just pray, you know, that God says that he gives us strategies, so just pray. Ask god to lead you. All right, I love you. - I love you too, baby. - I'll call tomorrow. - All right, sweetie. - Okay, momma. - Goodnight, honey. - Bye. Love you, bye. I don't wanna film anymore, please. Like, I'm literally done. In a few hours, I don't know where I'm staying. I've never had to live out of my bag And be on the go, So this is a new experience. It's the morning of day four. I'm moving out of the hotel room That pastor christopher paid for. And now I have to find somewhere else to live again. And I'm waiting to wash my laundry. 'cause I'm not spending any money. Sleeping in my car is not an option as I'm a woman. So I have to be super careful and conscious about that. Over the past few days, I have been reaching out to people online, Hoping to find a lead on a new place. See if anybody hit my social media back. Not yet. Okay, I'm gonna answer my name, monique. Linet. Oh, how easy this would be if I could use monique idlett. But I'm not done trying. I'm gonna continue to dm everyone I can. I am a new member Of the tacoma community. When it comes to making my own opportunity, I have to talk to everyone. I need to make friends here, So I'm gonna text t'wina nobles. Now, t'wina nobles is who's running For the 28th district, for senate, Here in wash... The state of washington. She does not know me. I've never met her. She's going to say, "who is this person with eight followers?" What, what can she say? She doesn't respond, so what, you know? The point is, is to reach out to as many people as possible. This is the most difficult Challenge I have ever done in my life. But it's so important I remind myself I'm here to represent women. I'm here to represent people of color. And because of that, No matter how stressful the situation may look, I have to keep moving forward. The place is just such a mess. It's so hard to get in front of dirt in this place. I'm staying at the shepherd's inn for the next 30 days, Rent free, in exchange for cleaning the place. This is the deal I made with russell. We lock this down. - - voila! It's great to have a place to live, But I also need money to eat and basics. So today, I need to look for a paying job. Yuck. Super yuck. I'm on my way to this farmer's market Which is about 15 minutes away. I have to be careful about how far I go Because I don't have money to put gas in the car. In two miles, take exit 135 For viet road, blackstone avenue toward millerton lake. Looking forward to the farmer's market To get some grub. And I'm gonna get a job today. That's what I'm gonna do. I've only got a few dollars to my name, but I'm starving. So I gotta mind my pennies. - Hi! - how are you? Can I have a 50 cent one? Less than 50 cents is also okay. Thank you. I made a dime today. - No problem. - Do you have a business card? - Um, I don't. - Can I text you? - Yeah. - It's terrible? Not picking you up. I swear. I need work. Nice to meet you. Oh, my god. That is good, man. I am nervous about finding the right job. I have a million ideas, all at the same time, And they're just dancing with little... But at the end of the day, I need money to make money. - Do you have like a 50 cent or less... - Absolutely. Could I have a couple of grapes of each kind? - Sure. - I'll spend $1 with you. - That's all I've got. - You got it. Since you're new to our market, I'll give you some, you can taste. Thank you so much. Do you ever need any help on your farm? Always. Always. How's pay for a day harvesting? $13 an hour. Mind giving me your number? - Absolutely. - I could call. Take that. You enjoy those. And that's our card. Feel free to give a call anytime. - Thanks. - Appreciate that. Appreciate you. - Thanks. - Enjoy your farmer's market. I'm so glad I got a job for $13 an hour on a farm. First of all, it's not a lot of money. But it's exactly what I want to do. I've worked out shelter for a month. I got a job that gives me a little cushion. It's gonna give me leeway to work out My million dollar business. I'm really glad I met you. Yes! Glad to meet you! - Have a great day. - You too. - bye. - Bye! New wheel, baby! How sexy is this jeep? Oh, my god! Feel like a millionaire. I'm heading into downtown to get the lay of the land. I'm also checking some real estate. No one does that better than I do. I'm the best in the world at the real estate game. I'm looking for properties right here in town I can renovate and revitalize. Telling you, the whole town's asleep. I'mma wake this place up. We gonna put it on the map. Look at this. They've got money invested, right? There's money, money, money, money right here. Gotta walk the neighborhood. Look at this joint. Place for 80 people in there. I'm in a little magical town right here. They need to promote this town. Beautiful, man. Huh? I know money when I see it. Look at that beauty. Bang. Shebang, shebang. 330 union. It's the outsider that makes something of nothing. Or what appears to be nothing to the locals. And this is dope. If I put together three or four guys That wanna put up the money to fix it, We foot this thing and I'll surpass my million dollar valuation. I guarantee it. But I think there's a score back there. Ryan mcwilliams is a big player in town. That name was given to me. He's a good friend of ryan zbukvic. Ryan mcwilliams isn't trying to change it. He actually owns the old alpha beta building downtown. I was able to get a meeting. I'm not sure what ryan mcwilliams would be interested in, But I think I can wow him with some things that I found. There's commercial properties in town Right now priced low enough That there's definitely money to make If we convert them into rooms. I just need to sell ryan mcwilliams on the idea. It's the biggest meeting I've had here Because this guy's very well connected. He is a straight-up, hard core, real estate guy. He knows development. He knows the city. I'm actually very optimistic about this, Which is a little scary because when I'm very optimistic, Sometimes, things go bad. Learn your lessons the first time. Look, after spooking matt, I don't want cameras coming in to meet ryan. This is too important. Now, let's see how this goes. Pueblo new for me. Yeah. So I'm interested in doing something here. Project wise, that main street, They got 20,000 college kids in this town, With no cool places to live around here. No, I would rent it. I would turn them into rooms. I looked at 330 union? Beautiful building. No? I'm just looking, I'm trying to figure out Is, is there anything here for me? You could help if you're willing to introduce me To one of your friends Who might be looking to exit from a property. Unless you wanna partner with me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. That's all, that's all I wanted today, Was just to, I know I gotta meet, meet the people here So I appreciate it. Oh, my god, that was a disaster, guys. Disaster. Okay, and guys, Need a minute. I need a minute. I really don't, don't want all this. I really don't want all this, guys. I need a second, okay? Damn. I got the big meeting with ryan mcwilliams. Meeting didn't go well. This challenge, glenn said it's gonna be harder than I thought. Understatement of the year, glenn. I'm trying to eat. I'm trying to stay warm. I'm struggling for the basic necessities. Got a toilet. I can't use it. What the have I gotten myself into? And it reminds me of where I'm at. If I was back in miami right now, I'd be popping real estate guys that I know, Calling them up, "hey, need a deal. What we have on that deal." I mean, I don't even have any freaking utensils. I'm eating a salad with my fingers. I don't know what I'm doing. I get depressed. I, I lose my way. I lose, I, I forget the goals. And I get consumed by my fears. My mission right now is to get my kids here. To be with my kids. I cannot, I cannot Face the possibility That the next time I see my kids, They're half an inch taller. Today will be only Starting to hit the outsides of the longest Period of time I haven't been around my kids. My dad never got to see me grow up. Thing is, all this stuff, people deal with everyday. Oh, man. It's hard, man. It's hard when you've got money. Impossible when you don't. I mean, there's less than a 40% chance that I make this. I need to work on my million dollar business. I'm not exactly sure what I'm gonna do, But I do know what I'm good at. Real estate, construction and design. The secret of my success Is finding the right building and the right partner. So I just need someone to invest with me and find a great space. Oh, my god. Look at this building. Oh, I'd love to have this building. Now that I have secured my shelter, I have a new goal. I'm gonna give myself five days To find a building that can be Re-developed and be profitable. So I'm just gonna drive around And see what I can find. I had no idea that fresno had this kind of architecture, And this much opportunity. I'm just gonna pull over for a minute. If I got the perfect building, Then I could maybe generate some rentals For other businesses. Let's see what's for sale downtown. If I could just find A vintage building that I could buy. Historical buildings, they have a lot of cool things That are grandfathered in. Grandfather clauses can cut costs. They can save you a lot of money. In real estate, the grandfather clause Refers to a building that doesn't have to comply to current codes. Because it was built before that code went into effect. For example, I have a home in the palisades right now That is old, that was built in 1924, that I'm re-doing. Everyone else has to widen the street, But because my house is grandfathered, I don't have to widen the street. It's always important to buy the worst building in the best neighborhood. If you can find A structure that falls under that clause, Your upgrades might not be as expensive as you might think. Day four feels like Day 90. This morning, I had to move out of the hotel That pastor christopher paid for. Truly being more focused on the solution is how I approached it. Versus focusing on the problem. So I've been reaching out to various tacoma online communities Like the churches, And I haven't heard from any of them quite yet. When you're struggling for your basic necessities, Every day just Seems like it's just long. Hold on, I need to read this. This, this is crazy. Like, for, straight up. T'wina nobles said I could stay with her Till I get on my feet Even though she's in the middle of running For the state senate. Okay, so I'll call t'wina right now. - Hello? - Hi, t'wina, it's monique. How are you? - Hi! I'm good, how are you? - I'm good, honey. I, I'm so thankful and grateful and humbled That you've even opened your home to me. I have never done this before, like, so it's just... aw! She had sent me a message on instagram, And because I try to be nice to everyone, I was like, Yeah, so like totally, email me, And I double-checked what she was telling me with pastor christopher, Like, "did you meet someone and put them in a hotel?" And, and he was like, "yeah!" I'm just super thankful. Okay, thank you. I don't know that I knew more than, I have an extra bed, At least there's somewhere you can lay your head. Okay, this is t'wina's house. It's the middle of a pandemic. Yeah, this is crazy, like, Sometimes it's bigger than even what you can think of. Can you guys stay back while I go meet with her? This just goes to show you you have nothing To lose by asking for help. I feel so blessed that my faith led me to meet pastor christopher, Who then led me to t'wina. Hi, guys! I'm monique. And a safe place to stay. Especially when I needed it most. Where's that razor? Where's, where's my thing at? The last time I met with matt, it was a disaster of a meeting. What's the back story. I wanna know. I don't like cameras in here. I called matt smith and I apologized. He's agreed to meet with me. I've got to do this in order to keep my cover. Otherwise, I'd have to be paying for a haircut right now. I think that's pretty good. Hey man, handsome! No matter how you do it, You're just a good looking beast. So, there should be some cracks up here on my head. Between the ages of 15 and 25, I was hanging out with the wrong people. Period. Drug dealers, druggies. And I made a comment to somebody that I didn't like. Guy came in my house and beat the outta me. Got a 45 caliber jammed into my face right there And hit me with the butt of the gun over both eyes. Hit me behind both arms to disable me. And just started beating on top of my head. 73 stitches on my head and face. Put in the hospital for three days. And you would've thought I'd quit using drugs. It'd be another two years. I was so sick, I couldn't quit. Hanging out with druggies, you end up with druggie problems. That's why when I came to pueblo. I'm gonna hang out with the best people in this town. I'mma hang out with the people that got Big, high class problems. I don't know if matt sees potential in me at this point. But, I know something he don't know. Me and him will be friends. If I don't it up. Man, I got so many strong business principles, like, Number one rule of success, You gotta show up no matter what. Regardless of how you feel. Regardless of the problem, the situation, Regardless of the, whatever! Show up, no matter what. Number one. Number two rule, never quit. Like, just don't quit. Once you show up, Then, don't quit. You don't quit, you don't fail. Third rule, money is useless until it is used. I do not save money. I don't wanna save money. I wanna get rid of cash, believe it or not. Ben franklin, old dead dude, Uh, inventor guy. Uh, he's on a $100 bill. I want him to go make little babies for me. Little benny babies. If you spend your whole life working for money, You're gonna die spending your whole life working for money. You need money to make money while you sleep. - -so those rules I use everyday. Number one, show up. Two, never quit. Number three, get your money. To go work harder than you do. Yeah, doggie! I texted lisa last night. She said she needed help on her farm, picking grapes. And I'm so excited because I need all the work I can get. As long as they need me. When you go to the farm, you kinda got to, Like, go to the farm. You can't go and say, "okay, hi, What time's lunch?" it just doesn't work like that. Getting up at five in the morning Is standard for the farming industry. I'm an early riser, but that's another ball game. - Rise and shine. - Rise and shine! We're gonna pack commercially And then we pack for farmer's markets - For this week too. - Okay. I've never harvested grapes. This is my first time. I have a ranch outside of san diego. And, uh, we have citrus and we have avocado. Lots of big trees, so I'm used to hard, manual labor. Shouldn't be that difficult. - Attached right here? - Correct. - Is it okay to cut the... - Yes! Okay. It seems like under the tuscan sun, you know. Gonna pick grapes and have chardonnay. Oh, man. Ow! I really underestimated how difficult it was. Ow! ugh! You're bending under the grapevine. Oh, my back. You have to get the grapes off very carefully And you load them into these boxes. It's very, very heavy, And then put the boxes in a wheelbarrow. Then you roll the barrow Very carefully without damaging grapes All the way down to the end. It is back-breaking, muscle-aching work. - I set it on top? - Set it right on top. I have so much respect for those farmers Doing this day in and day out. Elaine! So, everything good? Everything's amazing. This is your pay for today. - Thanks. - See you soon. Thank you! So maybe it wasn't a piece of cake. And $78 isn't a lot. But it should cover my groceries for the week. I came out here with the idea that I was gonna be Just, you know, kicking ass and taking names. But it is not easy. And it's summer, and it's so, so hot! And I wanna go home, go to bed. And I can't because I have too much to do. I've got to find a building for my million dollar business, And with the clock ticking, I gotta get moving. I've been here five days, And I still don't know What business plan I'm going to embark on. 90 days seems like a lot When you're talking about it, But really, it's no time at all. I've got to find the right building. Then I've got to figure out what I can actually open, And then build my million dollar business around that. I do know what I'm good at. Real estate, construction And design. How and when I'm gonna buy it, I'll solve later. I don't have money now. Golly, look at that gorgeous building With the gazebo on the top of it. This isn't gonna work. This isn't gonna work. That won't work. Looks like a hotel. Doesn't have any commerce. So that thing's not pretty. That's probably a no-go. This is a beautiful building. I'm gonna stop and check it out. It's huge, though. God, look at this place. Let me take a look and see what I can find out about this building. Mm, it'll never work. It has all kinds of historical stuff going on with the city. That is such a grad about that building. But the building is a bit of a mess Because of its historical importance down here. And you can never buy a landmarked property Unless you buy the actual business too. Or you have to start over. I'm striking out left and right I don't have a building. Oh, my god! Today's my second chance with matt smith And this one can't get away from me. I need some money, man. Nobody can stretch a quarter Like I can, but you can't get rich stretching money. You can't get rich saving money. It's impossible. I need to go connect with the business guys in town To build a business. Remember, you gotta ask yourself, Who's got my money? And then, You gotta go find out who's got your money. Matt smith owned several different businesses in town. Gym, mattress store, I think he owns a carpet gig. I need to sniff out what his needs are. Figure out how I can add value to him. And I'm gonna offer him my services for free. Let's go get this meeting. - How you doing? - How are you? - Welcome back. - Thanks for making time for me. Absolutely. Come on. I'll prove what I can do for him. Solve one of his problems and hopefully that leads to some bigger payday In the future. - This is us. - Think big. - Yes! - Man, as soon as I came to this place, It said, whoever owns this, I'll love this guy. - I appreciate it. - I came in here from la. I wanna get my family out of, out of la. - Yeah. - And in real estate, I can't keep up with the prices. It's just stupid. And I started looking for places That we can move. Then I started researching pueblo, What's happened here, 100,000 people, not too big. - Absolutely. - And so, - I'm here looking for opportunity. - Awesome. Just to put it out, I'm looking to build a business here. Yeah, and I mean obviously, I've opened several businesses out here And I worked for an international company for 18 years, While doing this. Left there a year, two and a half years ago. An opportunity came open with the building, to buy it, And I was like, well, here we go. And so we ended buying the building, put a store in there. How can I help you? Is there any way I can help you? - I don't know. Got a lot to know about you. - You don't know me. - Yeah. - You're making moves already. I like it. How's the mattress store work? We're doing good things. Only three months open. Just opened. Well, I'm a great salesman, matt. I'll get you traffic. I know you want it. That's what anybody needs. I don't want anything from you. - Okay. - Okay? I know if I can add value to the people here, - Rest will come. - How'll you drive traffic? If you handle promotion costs, Let me figure it out. - I'm gonna come up with a pitch for you. - Okay. - Okay. - Thank you so much. - Pleasure. - I appreciate you. We definitely need talent and go-getters, But still trying to figure out the 'why'. Some of it didn't make sense and still doesn't. It's on! It's on. Like a bling-blong. If somebody's looking for opportunity That's a hard worker, go-getter, we do what we can. Greatest salesman in the world, baby. Dude, I just sold louis curtis. This season on undercover billionaire... my dream would be ten or 12 of you all Getting like $1000. I am thinking about some possibilities. Don't know what you're looking at doing. I'm not sure what your plan is. She's at it all over the place. It looks like we don't have a deal. I'm spinning the plates of building a business And playing liar man. Man, I'm exhausted. Guess I may never come back here. We are fully rented at this time. I have to find shelter again for the third time. It's just extra headache. Name's louis curtis. Who's interested to put money in this? Losing my mind today. I'm a force to be reckoned with. You forgot to turn the braker back on, And wrecked my whole line. No! No! Are you kidding? Get me a strait-jacket. I need one. - Hey, hey! - No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I didn't start it. I ain't gonna stop. Yes! Yes! - Ten k! - One thing done. There you go. Bam! Business play! Whoa! Based upon The numbers that we calculated, I'd put a value on this business of... Just cut the! What's this business worth right now? OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 