Ambitions: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ambitions 
 s1e6 - What About Your Friends - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ambitions (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - What About Your Friends - full transcript 
 Stephanie is a force to be reckoned with at a Women's Empowerment Summit; Bella forges an alliance with Rod; Evan attempts to bargain with Greg Peters; Carly is taken off-guard by Stephanie's perfect timing. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - STEPHANIE: Previously, on "Ambitions..." - NICK: Ms. Amara is a naughty, naughty girl. - She cheated on Titus? - I'm not interested in you. - LORI: If you say so. - AMARA: What better way to get back at me for Damian than for you to take up with Stephanie again. - I'm not the one who cheated. - You're not getting the concession. - [crying] - MARILYN: Friends don't do this to each other. - If you don't give me what I want, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 you'll be destroyed, Marilyn. - I'm the mayor of Atlanta. Break him. - RODERICK: [groaning] - [punches] - [phones ringing] - This is silly, Amara, I'm here to work, that's...that's it. - Great, go back to Birmingham and we can both do our jobs. - DAMIAN: Give it a chance, you might like having me around. I can lighten your load, help you take down Atlanta's shady mayor. - Karen told you about my case?! - Broad strokes. - Well, it doesn't concern you, you're in narcotics. - We're on the same team, good guys vs. bad guys, remember? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - You really wanna help me, Damian? Leave Atlanta and forget you ever knew me. - [sighs] You may not believe me right now, but I mean you and Titus no harm. I hope in time we'll be able to coexist as colleagues. Nothing more. - [phone ringing] - Back for seconds? Greedy girl. - I see I was misguided in assuming we could be mature about our little indiscretion. - Oh, is that how you're referring to it? It felt like hot, sweaty, swirl sex to me. - I'm not referring to it at all. Because it never happened. - GREG: Mm-hmm. So what brings you by, Steph? - That's a rebranding strategy for you and your company. - Who says I need rebranding? - [phone ringing] - Public opinion surrounding Greg Peters Construction is mixed at best. People think of you as a thug in a suit. - Ouch, that almost hurts. - I'm going to need you to keep your nose clean if we're gonna secure an airport concession. Which means... No funny business related to English Rose. When I'm finished, Greg Peters will be seen as the consummate concessionaire. I'll be in touch. So you want more candy? [moans] I think you've had enough chocolate for the week. [panting] - I have such a sweet tooth. - [moans] - And I'm still hungry. - [moaning] [panting] Lucky for you, the buffet is open. - ♪ - [moans] - ♪ ♪♪ - Oh, my god, Roderick! - [groans] - Come on. What happened to you? - He ain't tell you? I figured he'd rush right over to brag about how he stood there and watched like a little bitch when his two overpaid mall cops roughed me up. - Evan did this to you? - Who else? - You did call him out on TV, you had to know he'd retaliate. - I get the shit kicked out of me for sticking up for your ass and that's your response? I'm out. - You need medical attention. - I've taken worse hits in the league. - Someone should take care of you. Just to make sure you're okay. - Someone like you? - Someone exactly like me. Stay. Please. - Got your text, what's up? - Karen, would you please do me a favor and don't insert Damian Collins into my city hall investigation, or any of my other cases, for that matter? I told you from the beginning, I work solo. - Am I missing something? If so, you better clue me in. - There was an incident in Birmingham and-- - And it resulted in our partnership yielding amazing results. - [chuckles] I gotta go. I'll leave it to the two of you to work this out. I'm just glad to have you both. - Tell me you weren't about to ruin both of our careers. You worked too hard to get to this level in the DOJ, Amara. Don't let our past destroy your future. - [sighs] - ♪ - [humming] - [bell dings] - Damn, girl, you did that. - That looks delicious. - RONDELL: Hi, how are you? Oh, I don't wanna get all this on you, I just-- - Mmm. - Alright now. [laughs] You know what? You can-- Just 'cause you gave me that one measly foot rub don't mean you gon' get some, okay? - I have a surprise for you. - RONDELL: Surprise, huh? - Philanthropist Marilyn Barnes hosts this annual gathering for women, and this year, it's in Atlanta. It's four days of workshops, panels, Q&As;, everyone that's anyone will be at this thing, you can make some real connections with the city's most influential women. - Man, what am I gonna do at a place like that, huh? You know, with all them fake boujee folks walking around with they nose all up in the air, it's just-- It's not my crowd-- - Baby, baby, baby. Those fake boujee folks are power players. Look, you wanna take Neighbors Against Gentrification to the next level, right? - I mean, yes-- - This is the room to be in. Unless you're scared or something, I-- - Rondell ain't never scared, okay? It's just, do you really think it's a good idea? - I know this is. You wanna save The Banks? You need these women on your side. - [bell dings] - ♪ You know, you know, you know, you know, baby ♪ - Fine. Fine, I'll go. - Yes. - You gon' drive me? Huh? - Thank you. - [laughs] You gon' do something. - [crickets chirping] - Did you see him at work today? - [sighs] Titus, we've been over this. Damian has nothing to do with us. - You know good and damn well that's not true. - It is unless you put him front and center again. - Oh, so it's my fault we got this asshole to deal with. - I'm not saying that. - Get rid of him. - How?! - I don't care! Figure it out. Damian Collins almost ruined us, I'm not gonna stand by and watch him do it again. - That's not even a possibility, you have to trust me. - It's him I don't trust. - What do you expect me to do? I can't force him out of the US Attorney's Office. Karen transferred him in. - Then you have to quit. - You're joking, right? - Am I laughing? - I'm not quitting my job! - So that's your choice? To stay there with him?! - I'm not gonna let Damian cost me my entire career that I have worked my ass off to build and I cannot even believe that you would ask for that. - All I know is he needs to be out of our lives one way or another, and if you can't handle it, I will. - Titus. If we let Damian come between us again, then he wins. Is that what you want? - I want you. All to myself. - You got me. - [chuckles] I appreciate it, Syd, you know I've always been a good friend of your station. I know. I know, I'm just as baffled as you are, I can't imagine what came over Roderick. It might be drugs. Who knows. But thank you for handling this so quickly. I'll see you at the club. - [knocking at door] - Uh, your appointment is still waiting, Sir. - [sighs] Thank you, Chloe. Show him in. - Don't appreciate being made to wait this long, I am a busy man. - Your proposal has been fast-tracked, Greg Peters Construction has been designated a preferred Hartsfield-Jackson vendor now, if that's all-- - I want the concession guaranteed in writing. - I can't promise you a highly competitive city contract. - Sure you can. - EVAN: That would be illegal, I could have you arrested for even suggesting it. - That a threat? - Like the ones you keep issuing my sister? Tell you what. I'll consider using my influence to make sure your bid for the concession gets...extra attention, as long as you agree to walk away from Thelma's Place. - That wasn't part of the deal. - Whatever pact you made, that was with my wife, not me. It's no secret I'm pro urban renewal. Go ahead, break ground on English Rose with the existing property you've already acquired in The Banks, just leave Thelma's Place out of it. - My investors want the entire block. - Looks like you're gonna need to rethink your plans. That is, if you wanna do business in my airport. - Wonder what your lovely wife and her old man would make of you deciding that now is the time to grow a pair. - You heard my terms, Peters. You want my help getting that concession? Stop jacking with my family. - [door opens] - Gentlemen. What am I walking in on, here? - I was just explaining to your client how things get done in my city. - [laughs] Seems like I'm having two different conversations with you Lancasters. I think you and the mister better start comparing notes. - Something you wanna tell me? - ♪ - What the hell did you promise that guy? - I merely conveyed what we discussed regarding the airport concession. - The guy had the stones to march in here demanding a free concession when he's still refusing to back off Rondell. - He needs that entire block in The Banks for English Rose, including Thelma's Place. - You sound like his pet parakeet. - Hmm, well, perhaps I wouldn't need to keep repeating myself if you would finally get it through your thick skull... - As opposed to a bullet from your gun. - Oh. How long are you gonna sing that particular song, Evan? I don't understand why you're so conflicted about revitalizing The Banks when you of all people know the crime and destitution that plagues that neighborhood, you grew up there. - Well, it wasn't all bad. I mean, yeah, there were gangs, and crack dens and prostitutes on every corner, but there was also our church, where Momma taught Sunday school, and Luelene's Daycare. Rondell and I went there when Senior drove the MARTA bus and Mama worked at the restaurant. Thelma's Place held that whole neighborhood together. Still does. - You need to remember the big picture. With my help, you are already getting BetaNu Electric in Atlanta. Imagine having both Marvin Barnes and Greg Peters firmly in our corner. [chuckles] We'd be unstoppable. Next stop...the Georgia Governor's mansion. - I can get to the governor's mansion on my own, without being permanently beholden to that bitch-ass punk. As soon as the concession is awarded, I'm done with Greg Peters. Now, if you wanna stay in bed with the devil... ...be my guest. - [door opening] - ♪ Used to travel around the world... ♪ - So you and Roderick broke up, Bella? - [sighs] It just wasn't working out. - Did you see that vulgar outburst he had about my husband on his sports program. - I am so sorry about that, Stephanie. I don't know what came over him. - You are well rid of him, Bella. Maybe one day you'll find a decent man. - Here's hoping. - STEPHANIE: [laughs] - Mmm, the summit sounds amazing. The most powerful women in Atlanta will be there. Do you think you could get me in? - Oh. It's invite only. Maybe next year. Excuse me. I want this tightened in the hips. How soon can you have it done? - Um, let's see... - AMARA: So, out of nowhere, Damian requests to be transferred, and he's reassigned to Atlanta practically overnight? No, no. [chuckles] There's no problems, I was just surprised to see him. Yeah, uh, no, there was no warning on our end, either. Let me know what else you find out. Okay. Good talking to you, Janine, bye-bye. - [knocking] - Hey! - Hey. - What are you doing here on a Saturday? - Came to pick up a file. What's your excuse? - Trying to track down Roderick Johnson. - Sportscaster who went off on the mayor. - Yeah, gotta wonder what Lancaster did. Roderick risked his job to put the mayor on blast. - Well, I'll admit it was odd, but not criminal. Where are you going with it? - Wherever it leads. I remember seeing them friendly at the Samuel Perkins gala. So something turned that relationship sour fast. - So you think this Roderick guy might have some solid dirt on Lancaster. - It's definitely a possibility. He got himself suspended from his job at the TV station, he's not at home, so... I'm gonna stay on top of it, and I'll keep you updated. - Sounds good! Oh, did you decide if you're going to Marilyn Barnes's event? - Not my thing. A bunch of Stephanie Lancasters all under one roof... - [laughs] That's exactly why you should go. The chance to observe Atlanta's ladies who lunch in their natural habitat. That group is so incestuous, you might learn something we could use. Hmm. - [doorbell ringing] - CONSTANCE: Mrs. Barnes. - Marilyn, what a nice surprise. Sit down, can I offer you something? Water? Tea? Tequila? I know how you like to party. - I'm not thirsty. - Hmm. You must be swamped with planning for the summit. Any last-minute things I can help you with? That's what friends are for. - Do you think you can blackmail me and get away with it? - I would thank you to lower your voice, I wouldn't want the help to hear your rantings, besides, blackmail is such a harsh word. I prefer...encouraged. - I came here to tell you in person, I don't want you at my summit. - [laughs] Don't be ridiculous, of course I'll be there. Carly, too. We wouldn't miss it. - [chuckles] As usual, you're only hearing what you want to, Stephanie. I'm rescinding your invitation to the Barnes Coalition Power Women Summit. I will also be formally asking for your resignation from the board of directors. - You will do no such thing. In fact, you will smile and curtsy when my daughter and I grace your tired event with our presence. That is, of course, unless you want sad, cuckolded Marvin to know about your nasty secret life. - You may have the upper hand right now, Stephanie, but rest assured your day is coming. - [chuckles] See you at the summit, Marilyn. - [door opens] - Ta-tah. - [door closes] - ♪ - [cat o' nine tails crack] - EVAN: [moans] - DAPHNE: How does that feel? - So good. - ♪ - EVAN: Come on. Hurry up, I don't have all day. - DAPHNE: Okay. Hold your horses. I got a new toy. [chuckles] - [buzzing] - ♪ I know what you want, 'cause I got it ♪ ♪ You know what I need - EVAN: [gasps] - DAPHNE: Mmm. Like it? - [panting] Don't stop. - You sure? I can turn up the voltage. [chuckles] Or this. - Are you crazy? - For you, I am. Seems like your mind is elsewhere, you wanna talk about it? - If I wanted to talk, I'd go home to my wife. - And if I wanna deal with a bad attitude, I'd go home to my husband. - Maybe you should do that. - I will. - EVAN: Wait a minute. Where are you going? - [sighs] - Daphne. Get back here and untie me. - Hmm. - EVAN: [struggling] [groaning] [muffled] Daphne! [growling] - [soft jazz music playing] - [laughter] - Welcome. - Davis. - Yeah, of course. - [indistinct chatter] - Good to see you. - Mrs. Carlisle? Hi! Oh, I was hoping we'd see each other. Oh, Mrs. Carlisle, I've long wanted to tell you how much your kindness meant to me while I was at Spelman. No, really, you always made me feel like part of the family. - Oh. - Do you remember that wonderful Easter weekend up at Lake Linear? - How can I forget? It wasn't long after you took up with my Stephie's boyfriend. Do give my best to Titus. - WAITER: Ladies? Would you like one? - Ugh, like mother, like daughter. - Hey, doll. - Hey! Hi! - Am I glad to see a friendly face. - Right? - How you liking the summit? - The alcohol helps. - Oh, sure you're right. - [laughs] - How are you, Stephanie? - Devastated. I thought that after having to endure your mindless chatter on that panel earlier, we'd be spared your presence this evening. - JUNIPER: Speaking of mindless, I saw your mother earlier, the old dear looks about ready for the rest home, bless her heart. - I think you have my mother mistaken for your husband. - BOTH: [laughing] - Okay, Mom, I think it's time we go mingle. - I'm gonna go find Grandma. - You do that, dear. - Here comes trouble. - What? - Rondell, I didn't know that you were catering the summit. - For your information, I'm a guest. - Really? Well, I suppose the definition of "power woman" has become a bit more...flexible than it once was. Hello, Amara. - Stephanie. - I didn't expect to see you here, I know how you nine-to-fivers relish your weekends off. [chuckles] - Well, you know, Stephanie, some women achieve power based on merit, and others lie, cheat and inherit their way to the top. - Funny you should mention cheating. [laughs] - MARILYN: Everything okay, ladies? - Ah, here we all are. Sorority sisters together again, just like old times. Well, except for you, Rondell. You never went to college, did you? - I was too busy working so that I could put your future husband through college and law school. But you know, being your sister-in-law all these years should net me an honorary PhD in Bitchology. - [chuckling] - As much as I'd like to, I can't take credit for that. You've been a bitch all your life. Ladies. - I can't stand her. I can't. I can't stand her, I can't. - BELLA: Hi, there, my name is Bella Tru, I'm a designer. I noticed several women wearing my outfits at the Barnes Coalition Power Women Summit cocktail party. I would love to use some of the pics you posted on my Instagram, please call me back at your earliest convenience. Your circulation will flow better if you sit up. - [groaning] - [sighs] - [groans] You sure know a whole lot about healing. - Got into my fair share of fights growing up in The Banks. - Too bad you still gotta fight assholes like Lancaster. Don't worry, baby, he's gonna get exactly what's coming to him. Hand me your laptop. While Ebony and Ivory was kicking my guts in, I recorded the whole thing on my smart watch. - EVAN: You really think you can get away with talking shit about me on your show? [laughs] Bitch, I'm the mayor of Atlanta. Break him. - RODERICK ON VIDEO: [groaning] - [hitting sounds] - What are you gonna do with it? - Play it on my show when I get back to work. Show the whole world who our thug-in-chief really is. - Roderick, I'm not sure about this. - That bastard could've killed me. And what about how he treated you? - I just think we need to be smart about this. I bet Evan would pay a shitload to make this go away. - I don't want his money, I want him to feel the same pain I'm feeling. - He is a powerful man. We have leverage. We can get whatever we want. - What I want is to take Lancaster's crooked ass down. [clears throat] - LORI: Who would you rather? That blonde over there, or...that sexy curvy woman. - That's my aunt. - Oh. - Ew. - BOTH: [laughing] - Hey, girls. I find it so encouraging that even with our two families at odds, you two can still manage to be civil. We adults could learn a thing or two from you. - I should probably go. Excuse me. - You keep working Stephanie Lancaster's brat. Get as much intel out of her as you can. - Publicity for free? Sure, I will give you a call. Thank you. - Think that'll help save your neighborhood? - You grew up in The Banks. Samuel Perkins started his law firm right down the road from Thelma's Place. He cared about our neighborhood. - [laughing] You're inferring I don't. - I don't see your foundation stepping up. Your daddy was a civil rights hero, but you? You stand by while your husband and your daughter help Greg Peters steal from black and brown folk. - My father was a noble, virtuous man who never had enough resources to accomplish the lasting changes he wanted to make. Thanks to the success Stephen has made of Carlisle Perkins I achieve more through our foundation than my late father ever imagined. - I'm gonna figure out a way to stop y'all from taking The Banks. Best believe that. - No matter what it costs you? - No matter what. - Well, then. Good luck. - LORI AND CARLY: [moaning] [kissing] [moaning continues] - Who are you and what have you done with my sweet, shy Carly? - You bring out the wild woman in me. - [moaning] - [gasps] - I hope you aren't as evasive with business vying for city contracts as you've been with me tonight. - First Lady Lancaster, were you looking for me? - I know exactly why you've been avoiding me all night, Daphne. Don't worry. Evan and I have an understanding about these things. - You do? - [laughs] The airport concession you're working on for my client, Greg Peters. Let's talk some place more private. - [gasps] - ALL: [gasp] - My dress. - Stephanie, I didn't see you, there, I'm so sorry. You know, if would be tragic if you had to leave early because of that awful stain. - [moaning] - LORI: Okay, come on. Let's pick this up at my place later. - Tease. Come on. - [giggling] - [gasps] Mom. - It's not what it looks like. - Mrs. Lancaster, just let me explain-- - I need a moment with my daughter. - But we were just-- - I won't ask again. Leave. Carly, sweetheart. I don't know if this is some sort of phase you are going through. - This is not happening. - Or if you're gay, or bisexual, really, it doesn't matter. - It doesn't? - No. Darling. I don't care if you like girls. You just can't like that girl. - We're in love. - You don't understand what those people are capable of. The Purifoys are just-- - It's not about the Carlisles vs. the Purifoys, mom, it's about me and Lori, and how we feel about each other. - Carly. We will talk about this when we get home. Now, fix your face and join me back at the party. We've got appearances to keep up, do you understand? That's my girl. - Stephanie? Excuse me. Is everything alright? - Perfectly fine, Mother. - IRENE: What's going on, Stephanie? - I will fill you in later, Mother. I promise. - I've been trying to figure out a night Hunter and I can have you and Titus over for dinner. He's made such a great impression over at Purifoy. - [chuckles] Yes, well, it's obvious how much you appreciate Titus. - Oh, I definitely do. Is this your first year at the summit? - Uh, actually no. I attended one when it was held in Birmingham. Marilyn and I are sorority sisters. - What a small world. Marilyn and I became fast friends summering right next door to each other in the Hamptons. And oh, you should've seen the look on Stephanie Lancaster's face when Marilyn gave me a seat on her coalition's board. Excuse me, um, Amara, and do say hello to that handsome husband of yours for me. - Sure thing. - Girl, I have had enough of these high sadity women for today. - Mm-hmm. - Look, look. - Yes. - RONDELL: Yeah. - Hey, any idea why Stephanie just ran off? - Well, probably doing some of Greg Peters' dirty work. I heard her early talking to that white girl over there. - AMARA: About Greg Peters? - RONDELL: Mm-hmm. Something about a concession or something. - STEPHANIE: Lori. - [sighs] - I'm going to say this one time and one time only. Stay the hell away from my daughter. - What's going on here? - Your rode-hard spawn has been taking advantage of my Carly. - How dare you talk about my daughter like that. - If the saddle fits. - LORI: Mom, it's okay. She's just pissed I've given Carly more orgasms in a few weeks than Mayor Lancaster has given her during their entire marriage. - [laughs] - ALL: [gasp] - CARLY: Oh, my god! Mom! - Ah. - What is wrong with you?! - Carly. - I can't believe she hit me. - You are gonna pay for that, we're gonna press charges. - Are you okay? - Yeah. - I'm sorry, I don't know what came over me. - You think that pitiful excuse of an apology is gonna make up for your actions? - Mom, how could you? - I think we should all calm down. Go to the bar, have a drink, we could all use one. - Are you insane?! We're not gonna drink with you after you just assaulted my daughter! - Mom. Mrs. Lancaster is right. Let's go have that drink. - What's wrong now? - I just got fired. My agent called and left a voice message saying that my temporary leave of absence is now permanent. - I'm so sorry, baby. Look, Atlanta is a huge market. I'm sure you can take "Dirty Birds Corner" to another station. - I ain't thinking about that job, I'm pissed because I won't be able to expose Lancaster on the air. Maybe I'll upload the video to YouTube. - Or... maybe... you'll do it my way. - ♪ - You really think this is our golden ticket? - ♪ - One more. - WAITER: Yes, ma'am. - I really hope we can get past this. - Of course we can. It was all just a big misunderstanding. Right, Mom? - We need to say our goodbyes to Marilyn. - Oh, I guess that's my cue. See you later. - Later. - Really? - I'm gonna go use the restroom before we leave. Alone. I promise. - ♪ Lovable ♪ My girl ♪ She's lovable ♪ She's lovable ♪ My... ♪ My girl ♪ She's so lovable ♪ ♪ Mmm... ♪ Candy sweet ♪ And honey, too ♪ There's not another quite, quite as sweet as you ♪ ♪ I know, I know, I know, I know I'll always love you ♪ - I needed this. - ♪ So lovable ♪ Oh, oh, I know, I know she's love... ♪ ♪ Yes, she is, I know, I know, I know ♪ ♪ She's lovable ♪ She's so...lovable - Joaquin. Hey, buddy. Come say hey. Joaquin? Where's Joaquin? - With Mommy. - Your text said our son needed me, what are you up to now, Bella? - I had to get you over here. How could you do that to Roderick? - [laughs] That's what this is about? Your little boyfriend? - His only crime was loving me and my son. - My son. And I don't want that loser anywhere near him. - You don't call the shots anymore. Roderick has a video of the beating you gave him. - Impossible. My guys took care of the cameras. - You didn't take care of his watch. - You really think you could get away with talking shit about me on your show? [laughs] Bitch, I'm the mayor of Atlanta. Break him. - [punching] - RODERICK: [groaning] - We aren't afraid of you. - [laughs] "We"? Ah. Well, what do "we" want? - $750,000. And the airport concession. - You forget what happened the last time you tried to blackmail me? - I was alone then, I'm not anymore. And don't bother hacking Roderick's cloud or raiding his place like you did to me. We have backup drives. - This is a scare tactic. - You wanna bet your career on that? - I'm willing to bet yours. You leak this... How long until the investigation leads back to you? - It's a Me Too world, Evan. I was a young and innocent victim taken advantage of by a powerful and much older man. - It's a dangerous game you're playing, Bella. - Yeah, and I'm playing for keeps. - [bell dings] - Looking good, girl. - Hey. - You have fun? - RONDELL: It was alright. Forgot to finish this inventory. - You need me to stick around? - [bell dings] - Ye-- [chuckles] That's alright, Keisha, Mr. Hamilton will keep me company. - KEISHA: Okay. - RONDELL: Have a good night. - Good night. - [bell dings] - Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So, how was the summit? - It was fine. I don't know whether to kiss you or kill you for making me to go to that cocktail hour, though. - I'd prefer the kiss. - [chuckles] [chuckles] [groans] - Come here. - Can you believe that Stephanie was up in there trying to butter up one of Evan's little flunkies to get some kind of concession at the airport? - Really? - RONDELL: Mm-hmm. - Who was she talking to? - Debeh--Daffy--Yaba-hubba-doo. I don't know her name. - Daphne Manning? - That was her. - [chuckles] Anything else interesting happen? - I gave Stephanie Senior, also known as Irene Carlisle, a piece of my mind. Ooh, she makes me sick. Prancing around like she the queen of Sheba when her funky ass is from The Banks just like me. - [laughs] - I did learn one thing from that old bat, though. - And what's that? - If you wanna beat a Carlisle, you got to think like a Carlisle. - Mm-hmm. - Ooh. Squeeze that baby toe again. Ooh. Boy, you got them hands. - Yeah. - [laughs] - AMARA: [laughs] Oh, man, the tension in that room. And in the center of it all, the head viper in charge. - Oh. Sounds like Stephanie was in fighting form. - She must have insulted every woman that was there at least once. - Wow. - Yeah. I mean, it's no wonder she doesn't have any friends. - [laughs] - [sighs] Anyway, what's clear is that the Lancasters, Greg Peters, Daphne Manning, English Rose, somehow they're all connected to my investigation. But the question is, how? - Well, something tells me you're gonna find out. - You got that right. - BOTH: [laughing] - You know your wife. - Oh, I know my wife. - [laughing] - ♪ - STEPHANIE: Sweetheart, I am sure that Lori Purifoy has done an expert job in making you think she cares about you. Those people are master manipulators. - [scoffs] Funny because that's how some people would describe you. - You see? It's already starting. You've allowed that Purifoy tramp to fill your head with ideas about me. [coughs] [clears throat] We Carlisles have been mistreated and maligned. And murdered by Purifoys. - Stop making this about Aunt Tracy. Lori has nothing to do with her overdose. - Honey, can't you see? Hunter Purifoy is a mercenary, narcissistic brute, and his wife and daughter are no better, I don't want you anywhere near that girl. [coughs] - You're ordering me to stay away from Lori because of some ancient feud? - The Purifoys are as poisonous as the drugs they produce. - I'm an adult, Mom, you can't stop me from seeing Lori. - I can as long as you live under my roof. - Then I won't live under your roof. - Carly. [coughing] Carly, Carly come back here. [panting] - EVAN: On the next "Ambitions..." - I'm here to make sure you pay up. Bella will be our go-between. - We have a situation. Steph! - What brought you all this way last night, pumpkin? - I need to hear you say you didn't do it. - LORI: You don't believe me. - AMARA: I have something to tell you and you're not gonna like it. - I trust you. - Daddy! He's been having pressure medicine. He hasn't been taking it. - Your daddy, something's wrong! - RONDELL: What?! Something's wrong?! - I'm looking for Roderick Johnson. - Your story's right and well-rehearsed. - It's the truth. - EVAN: He knows more than he's saying. - ♪ - ♪ - ♪ - [ding] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 