Ambitions: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ambitions 
 s1e7 - Poison and Wine - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ambitions (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Poison and Wine - full transcript 
 Stephanie makes an accusation and vows to get revenge; Bella navigates Rod and Evan; Amara forms an unlikely partnership that compels Titus to make questionable moves; Senior suffers a health setback; Carly takes a leap of faith with Lori. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - STEPHANIE: Previously, on "Ambitions"-- - RODERICK: I need to expose this bastard. - Evan would pay a shit load to make this recording go away. - For the right price, Millsap will give us any judge we want; we need judge Alton Waites. - DAMIAN: Don't let our past destroy your future. - TITUS: His ass wouldn't move across states to be near you without a reason, Amara. - SENIOR: Thelma's Place belongs to me. The decision is mine and mine alone. - I just can't get enough of you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - You bring out the wild woman in me. Mom. - STEPHANIE: The Purifoys are as poisonous as the drugs they produce. - EVAN: Stephanie? Steph! Jesus! [panting] - [coughing] - Stephanie! You're okay. - No, no, not an ambulance. [panting] Our doctor. - [phone ringing] - We have a situation. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - [crows cawing] - ♪ - So what's your day like? - TITUS: Pre-trial conference. - Hmm, bet Stephanie can't wait to see your briefs. - You're the only woman that gets to see me in or out of my briefs. - AMARA: [moaning] - TITUS: [moaning] - [unintelligible mumbling] No, no, no, you're gonna make me late. - What's so urgent you can't stay here and let me put it on you one more time? - Roderick Johnson. - Finally got back to ya, huh? - Uh, no, he left me a voice message. I need to follow up with him today, though. Something clearly pissed him off for him to go after the mayor of Atlanta live during his broadcast. Really? - What? - You just gonna stand there and tempt me with all that Titus hanging out? - What do you mean? - What do you mean, what I mean? - What? - What? I think I'm gonna have to be late. - Oh, yeah. - Mm-hmm. - TITUS: Mm, just a little bit. - AMARA: [laughing] - ♪ ♪ ♪♪ - Enjoy, enjoy. You're doing alright? - Yes. - Good, good. - [bell dings] - You know you ain't got no business taking no cash out that register. - I'm just borrowing $20 to put on the Powerball, I'll pay it back. Hey, if we hit that jackpot, I'll buy out the whole neighborhood, Freeing us from Greg Peters, how's that sound? - A mess. Daddy, that don't make-- Dad--Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy! - Stop yelling at me, Thelma. - Come on, sit down. - What you talking about? - Well, you just froze up like a popsicle, then you called me Thelma. - Well, making up stories ain't gonna get you your $20 back. - You think I'm worried about $20? - What are you guys arguing about? - Your auntie's just mad Paw-Paw's about to strike it rich. - Hmm. - [chuckles] What brought you over this way last night, pumpkin? - She ain't got to have no reason to spend the night with kinfolk. Hell, I know if I lived with my brother and sister-in-law, I'd need a place to escape, too. - [text alert] - Thanks. Oh, no. - RONDELL: Is everything alright? - I'll catch you guys later. Thanks for letting me crash. - Okay. Bye, boo. - [crow cawing] - STEPHANIE: I think I hear Carly. - CARLY: Are you okay? - STEPHANIE: I'm fine. The doctor came by last night, it was probably just a fainting spell. - Where you've been, Carly? I've been texting and calling nonstop. - I spent the night at Aunt Rondell and Paw-Paw's. - [phone ringing] - It's the doctor with your test results. - I'm so sorry, Mom. I never should've run out on you last night. - It's okay, you couldn't have known I was ill. And we were both quite upset. - What did Dad say when you told him about Lori and me? - I didn't say anything. I think he should hear it from you when you're ready to tell him. And Carly... I love and accept you... no matter who you are. Or how you live your life. I want you to know that. - Thank you. - EVAN: Carly. - Yeah? - EVAN: Excuse us, please. - Okay. Is Mom gonna be okay? - EVAN: Don't worry, she's going to be fine. - What's the verdict? - When did you start abusing drugs? - Don't be absurd. - The doctor said there was some obscure designer opioid in your system. Coupled with the interactions with alcohol, you could've died if I didn't come home when I did. I saved your life. - You can be so dramatic sometimes. You know I don't use drugs. - Tell me the truth, Stephanie. - Someone must have drugged me at the Summit. - What? - That's the only explanation. That dirty bitch. - Who, Stephanie? - Lori Purifoy, she did this to me. She probably felt she had every reason after I slapped the shit out of her. - You slapped Hunter Purifoy's daughter at a public place? Why?! - She insulted me. She insulted you, she insulted Carly, our entire family, and I wasn't going to stand for it. In return, she tried to kill me. - [laughs] Only you could get yourself poisoned at a women's empowerment event. - Send someone to that conference center to see if there were any witnesses at the bar. Evan. If you don't follow up, I will. And believe me, I don't have the restraints that bind local law enforcement. - Why don't you just relax? Okay? I'll--I'll get someone on it. [sighs] Where are you going, Stephanie? You need to stay in bed. - The world doesn't stop because my heart nearly did. Thank you for saving my life, husband. But if I do nothing else except exact my revenge, it will be sweet. I promise you. - Thanks, Brian. - Hey. - Hey, Arden. Thanks for coming up. - Yeah, so, what's so urgent you summon me up from the dungeons to the ivy tower? - [chuckles] Don't let Hunter hear you calling Purifoy's state-of-the-art labs dungeons. [laughs] - So, what's up? - Stephanie Lancaster is gonna request everything Limodol, down to the last paper clip. I wanna see examples of every label ever put on a bottle. - The labels couldn't be any more self-explanatory. - I just wanna make sure I don't get blindsided. - Like we did. - What do you mean by that? Come on, bro, talk to me. - Just because I develop opioids doesn't mean I turn a blind eye to what it does to my community. Blacks are increasing in opioid overdose deaths faster than anybody else. - I'm fully aware of this. - Other folks get hooked, they're victims. We get hooked, we're addicts. Addicts are good for business, right? - Well, I know that other companies target minorities in poor communities, so you're saying Purifoy does it, too? - Let me go dig up those labels. - Listen, man, don't hold out on me. There's too much at stake. - Let me be clear. Purifoy Pharmaceuticals is a great company. And I'm glad to work here. - EVAN: Thank you, Chloe. - My pleasure, Mr. Mayor. - Is Carly alright? - Yeah. Why? - RONDELL: Showed up last night all frazzled, spent the night, then ran out this morning like the hounds of hell were chasing her. - Well, she's fine, we just needed her home. - RONDELL: Oh. - So what brings you here? Or should I even ask? - This ain't about the signatures for once. - Oh. - I've been fighting with Daddy all damn morning about going to the doctor. - Oh-oh. - I'm just plain wore out. I need you to talk to him. - [chuckles] You need me to help you with your anti-gentrification campaign, you need me to get Pops to the doctor. What else do you need me to help with, Rondell? Fix global warming? - Don't get smart, Negro. - [laughs] Okay. - [phone ringing] - Hey. - Hey, Pop, you feeling alright? Rondell's worried about you. - Ugh, don't tell me Rondell's over there bothering you. - Yep, looking at her right now. - [scoffs] - Put me on speaker. - Hi, Daddy. - SENIOR: Listen, um, I wasn't trying to cause you kids to worry, I mean, y'all lost your Mama, and there's no need for you to be worried about losing me, too. So, um, to ease your mind, I'm making the appointment as soon as I hang up. - [whispers] Lies. - SENIOR: Alright? - Mm-hmm. Thank you, Daddy. - SENIOR: Bye. - You--you know he ain't gon' make that appointment, right? - But he said he's fine. - And I'm telling you he's not. You know, hey, don't believe me, then. Ooh, Lord, give me the strength to deal with these men. Ooh. Jesus. - ♪ - BELLA AND RODERICK: [moaning] - ♪ - [groans] Oh, careful, careful, careful. Ribs haven't healed yet. - I guess sexual healing wasn't such a good idea after all. - [laughs] Oh. It's the thought that counts. - I should've heard from him by now. - Don't stress. I'll pay Lancaster a visit. - You're still recovering. - It's all good. I can handle it. - How many copies of the video did you make before you deleted it off your computer? - Downloaded onto three different flash drives. - And they're in a safe place? Remember how far he went to get the dirt I had on him last time. - RODERICK: You worry too much. - [knocking at door] - That might be him. - [groans] - May I help you? - Sure hope so. Damian Collins with the US Attorney's office. I'm looking for Roderick Johnson. If he isn't here, he should be. - Um... - I'm here. - ♪ - JUDGE: Everything alright, son? You look like you could use an antacid. - I'm good, Judge Waites, thanks for asking. How are you? How's Judge Millsap? - How would I know? - Your Honor, if ever there was a precedent for granting summary judgement, Naomi Sinclair et al vs. Purifoy Pharmaceuticals is the case. - Save it for the courtroom, Mrs. Lancaster, this is just a pre-trial conference. And both your arguments have holes I could drive an Escalade through. - Then clearly you have not read my argument thoroughly-- - Judge Waites, Purifoy Pharmaceuticals-- - A painstaking number of experts-- - [talking at once] - Enough! Now, you two are going to sit across the table and do your damnedest to settle this thing. Now go. - ♪ - [sighs] - KAREN: Hmm, is that right? - AMARA: What's going on? - Come in, Amara, we're just getting started. Damian convinced Mr. Johnson to join us. - We knew you wanted to talk to him, so we chose your office. We were just about to ask Roderick here how he got that beautiful bruise on his face. - Sleep-walking. I tripped. - Mr. Johnson. Assistant United States Attorney Amara Hughes. - You're the one who called. - AMARA: Correct. That was some show you put on your broadcast a while back. - As I was telling your friends here, Mayor Lancaster promised I'd be the face of a new Visit Atlanta campaign. I hired a publicist, was in talks to set up my own sports-themed talk show, and he backed out, no explanation. I was that guy's biggest fan, and he treated me like shit. I went off. - Your story's tight and well-rehearsed. - It's the truth. - Well, since embarrassing the mayor on television isn't a federal offense, you're free to go. But if you think of anything else you'd like to share about your dealings with the mayor, feel free to give me a call. - KAREN: Thank you again for coming in, Mr. Johnson. - RODERICK: No problem. Whatever you're all looking at Mayor Douchebag for, I hope you get him. Atlanta does deserve better. - Notice how Roderick was holding his ribs like he'd been punched pretty hard? - Mm-hmm. - And that bruise on his face wasn't from a fall, he knows more than he's saying. - Of course he does. But he is my witness, and it is my case. May I talk to you in private? - KAREN: Yeah. - I'll wait outside. - Again, Karen? I thought I made my position clear. - You work for me, Amara, not the other way around. I don't need your permission to do anything. I'm getting pressure from upstairs, I need the kind of heat you and Damian generated in Birmingham. - And I can bring that to you on my own, I've already found another witness that may point to Mayor Lancaster. - Fine. Follow it. Take Damian with you. [sighs] - Ready to roll? - [bell dings] - Back from shopping already? - Can't pay for nothing without my credit cards, gotta go grab 'em. - SENIOR: [groaning] - Daddy? Daddy what's wrong? Daddy--Oh! You--oh, hell no! Daddy, what?! - Can a man get some privacy in his own damn room?! - I wa--ah! Hmm... Ugh. Okay. - LUELENE: Senior! Senior! Rondell! Rondell, help! Your daddy, something's wrong! - RONDELL: What? Something's wrong? Daddy. Daddy! - Was he wearing a wire? Thank you. Roderick Johnson. Oh, what happened, brother? That looks terrible. - [scoffs] Don't test me, Lancaster, you know what I can do. - Oh, yeah, that cute little blackmail thing you and Bella are doing? You know you're an even bigger joke than I originally thought. - And I'm about to be laughing all the way to the bank. I'm here to make sure you pay up. - I will, as soon as you hand over those flash drives. - You must think I'm stupid. - Hmm. - You get the drives when I get the cash. - How do I know you didn't make more copies than you're admitting to? - I guess you have to pray I'm more honest than you are. - See, your brilliant plan is failing already. I don't trust you, you don't trust me. We're at a stalemate. - That's where you're wrong. Bella will be our go-between. - [chuckles] I trust her even less. - Tough shit. You give her the cash, I give her the drives, she makes the swap, in that order. Now, if you don't like it, we go with plan B. Leaking the videos, get your sorry ass impeached. - You do that, it would be mutually assured destruction. I promise you that. - Fine by me, I got nothing to lose. - You sure about that? - My video, my terms. Cough up the cash or else... brother. - [door closes] - [sirens wailing] - HERSCHEL: Are you guys looking for anything in particular? - Your office takes on average four weeks to approve of a single commercial property. Safe to say that a plaza or marketplace would take considerably longer? - Oh, yeah, more buildings, more permits, more time. - Simple math. - Yeah. - So, how does English Rose get its permit in under two weeks? - Oh, well, it, uh--must have their ducks in a row. It's quicker when they do. - Paperwork's in order? That's really how we're gonna play this? - These mixed communities were also approved quickly. Who's the developer? - Hmm, Greg Peters. - Yeah. - And your signature approved them all. - Well, I give building permits to a lot of developers. That's my job-- - Cut the shit, Herschel. Peters paid you off, admit it. - He paid his permit fees. That's all I know. I don't know what else you're implying. - We're talking about you taking money to expedite his permits. - We're talking about prison, Herschel, you want that? Is there anything else you wanna tell us about your dealings with Greg Peters Construction? - This is your last best chance to stay out of trouble. Take it. - Listen, I've said all I'm going to say. Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got my completely legal and honest job to get back to. - Here's my contact info. - If you're smart, you'll use it. - You scared us half to death. - No. - Me and Rondell thought the worst watching them carry you out here on that stretcher. - No, ain't nobody dying. Doctors said I had what you call a TIA. All you need to know about it is the T stands for Temporary. It ain't coming back. - You had a mini-stroke, Evan Senior. And that ain't nothing to play with. I know they gave you some pressure medicine. - Here been that pressure medicine. He ain't been taking it. - You ain't been taking your medicine?! - That stuff ain't good for my stuff. - And you think I want you dropping dead on top of me? - [sighs] - SENIOR: Come on, don't be like that. - Until you start back taking those pills, you ain't getting none of this. And don't make me wait too long. - SENIOR: [sighs] - LUELENE: Good night, Rondell. - Good night, Luelene. - You see what you did? - Daddy! Look. I understand that you're lonely. You old, but you ain't cold. Look, if the blood pressure medicine you're supposed to be taking is causing... side effects, then-- - Look--Lord have mercy. I can't believe I'm having this conversation with my own daughter. - Well, don't talk to me. Talk to Evan, or talk to big Charlie. Hell, talk to the man on the moon, if his ass can convince you to take this medicine that they gave you. The doctor said this one will regulate your pressure, and, you know, without messing with your... love life. You're the only daddy I got. And I ain't trying to lose you. You know what? Just take your medicine. - Rondell. [sighs] Listen, pudding. You ain't losing me any time soon. I promise. [chuckles] I love you. - I love you, Daddy. - [door opens] - Hey. - Hey. - I am glad you are at home, and not out with the woman who tried to kill me. - What? Yeah. Right. - Your dad didn't wanna tell you, but you should know. I was drugged. Someone put a narcotic in my drink at the Summit. I'm certain it was Lori Purifoy. - Seriously? Mom. That room was full of people who hate you. It's not enough that you slapped Lori, now you're accusing her of poisoning you. - If you'd only heard the vulgar filth that came out of her mouth about you... that's why I slapped her. - What'd she say? - I won't deign to repeat it. - Okay, even if she said something awful, that doesn't mean Lori would do this. Lori's not a malicious person. - Please, it's in her DNA. I have the memory of my dead sister to remind me just how lethal the Purifoys can be. Maybe you can forget that they killed your aunt, but I never will. - Mom, please stop. - What's going to stop is this thing you have with that girl. I will not lose anyone else I hold dear to the Purifoys. It ends now, do I make myself clear? - It was all a lie, wasn't it? - Excuse me? - All that talk about you accepting me for who I am, you never had any intention to do so, did you? - Carly. - Oh, my god, I am such an idiot. You can't accept me for my career choice, of course you can't accept who I choose to love. - Watch your tone, I'm still your mother. - Yes, you are. And I will always love you, Mom. But I love her, too. And I won't give her up, not even for you. - [indistinct chatter] - [phone ringing] - Stephanie Lancaster here for Titus Hughes. - Okay. - Thank you. - Hi. Mrs. Lancaster is here to see you? - Here for me? - I warned my daughter you weren't worth her tears. It took you less than 24 hours to prove me right. - You're lucky I chose not to press charges. Keep testing me, and I might change my mind. - [chuckles] You'll do no such thing. If you did, you'd be exposed. - This should be good. For what? - Attempted murder, of course. - You hit me. I never laid a hand on you. - Hey, what's going on here? - Just discussing the Purifoy princess slipping a deadly narcotic into my drink at Marilyn Barnes' cocktail party. - What? - That's an insane accusation, even coming from you. - Hmm, I don't blame you for the need to scratch your homicidal itch. It's obviously hereditary. Your father makes a drug that kills thousands. - Steph, do you know how unstable you sound right now? - She tries to kill me with an opioid overdose and I sound unstable? I've got the toxicology report to back up my claim. - I want her out of my family's building...now. - Eh--given the circumstances, I think that might be the best course of action. - I completely rearranged my schedule to be here today at the settlement conference. It'll be weeks before I can reschedule. - I'm good with that. You should go. You're too hot right now. - [laughs] You haven't seen me hot yet, Titus. But you will. - [sighs] - Herschel Cooper basically rubber stamps permits at Daphne Manning's direction. - I bet Daphne's getting paid every time one of those permits gets awarded. If Herschel turns...we got her. - Great work, guys. At this rate, we'll nail Lancaster by midterms. - Okay, wait, I know we wanna get the mayor, but we have to build a bullet-proof case, and that means we need to go slow. - We sure do. - You're not protecting your friend Stephanie, are you? - Karen, don't be ridiculous. I just feel like if we're gonna make the big score, then we can't be in a hurry. Daphne Manning is gonna give us Lancaster and Peters. She just doesn't know it yet. - Ugh, I've got a meeting. I'll catch you both later. Great job. - Ah. Feels good working together again. [chuckles] Feels like we're winning. - We're not working together, Damian. Is that why you popped up back in my life? Were you on a losing streak back in Birmingham? - No, just missed the best partner I've ever had. No, I mean professionally, Amara. Listen, I'm serious. I'm good, and I know that. But working with you makes me better. - You were the rock star when we got partnered. I was just trying to keep up. - We were good because of you, not me. You're the only one that didn't know that. - [phone buzzing] - You gonna get that? Let the hubby know that we're working a case? - [phone buzzing] - Hello, my love. [laughs] Really? That's what you called to tell me? - [whispers] Later. - [whispers] Get out. Yeah. [laughs] - I'll be home soon. Love you, too. What can I do for you? - Go ahead, I know you've been dying to ask. - I reviewed our marketing and accounting expenditures, checked whether Purifoy reps have targeted specific doctors' offices, I've even done background checks on some of the consultants we hire. - And you found? - No sign that Purifoy targets African-American or poor urban communities. - Or any other marginalized group, because we don't. I know where this comes from. You've been talking to Arden. - Does that concern you? - He's our chief pharmacologist who knows everything about Limodol. It would concern me if you didn't talk to Arden. It's the other question I thought you were gonna ask. - Which is? - Did I spike Stephanie's drink at the cocktail party? - [sighs] I know Stephanie can be over the top. But this time she absolutely believed what she was saying. - Just how well do you know her? And don't try to sell me that opposing counsel crap. - She went to Spelman, I went to Morehouse, our paths crossed. - Mm-hmm. Sure. Well, our paths crossed at the cocktail party and I definitely owe her one, but spiking a drink just isn't my style. - Glad to hear it. Now, if you don't mind, I have a motion to type up, and I'd like to get home to my wife before dinner. - How sweet. Titus and Amara Hughes, the all-American couple. Hmm. - ♪ - RODERICK: How's it going, baby? - BELLA: Better than expected. Guess whose goons stopped by? - So, we're good? - We're better than good. We're rich! - BOTH: [laughing] - Ooh. - BELLA: Oh, careful. - Where is it? - In my bedroom in the safe. Couldn't have that kind of money just lying around. - I wanna see it. - Let me get those drives. I have to get them over to Evan. - What's the rush? You're rolling in dough. - He's already mad enough as it is, I don't wanna make it any worse. - Bella, can't you see? After this, we won't have to worry about that mobster mayor ever again. - Which is why I wanna get it over with. So we can live the life we've always dreamed of and finally be happy. Is this all of 'em? - Yeah. Thought about making another copy for insurance but I didn't wanna put you and Joaquin at risk. Now, show me the money. - There is no money, you piece of shit. You really thought the mayor of Atlanta would get bested by some second-rate has-been athlete? How many hits to the head did you take? - I'm so sorry, Roderick. - You might wanna leave now, while you can still do so on your own. One more thing. Don't ever come back. - [crying] - Do to these what I just did to Roderick: destroy 'em. - MAN: Done. - [laughs] Wasn't that fun? - ♪ - Don't waste your time feeling bad for Roderick. You did what had to be done. Think about what you'll be getting out of all this. - You promised me the airport concession, I still don't have it. - You will. - When? - In exchange for those drives I've set you up with Valentina De Santos, CEO and chairperson of Corazon Textiles. They make luxury materials for the biggest fashion houses in the world. - [laughs] Oh, my god. Valentina De Santos is one of my idols. I just read in "Women's Wear Daily" how she wants to expand into creating fashion in house instead of just supplying textiles. - You're going to lead them. - Me? - I've convinced Valentina you could be the face of their expansion. You now have a contract you can't put a price on. Could Johnson have made that happen for you? You'll be working with Valentina herself. Now, Corazon is a major player. Partnering with them? That's the way to go if you want a Bella Tru boutique at Hartsfield-Jackson. Sure you don't want me to get one of my guys to come over here and watch your place? - No, no, it's okay. Roderick won't be back. - Despite everything... I've always believed in you, Bella. - [door opening] [door closing] - ♪ Why wait for tomorrow ♪ What you can do today, today, today, today ♪ - What are you doing here? - Told your assistant we were friends. Hope that's still the case after this conversation. Did you drug my mother? - If you even have to ask, you don't know me at all. - I need to hear you say that you didn't do it. - I didn't do it. There. Are you happy? You don't believe me. Great. - Mom said-- - To hell with your mom. First she slaps me and now she's spreading lies about me poisoning her?! - She told me you said something nasty about me, that's why she slapped you. What did you say, Lori? - All I said was that she's just pissed off I've given you more orgasms in a few weeks than your old man managed to get her off their entire marriage. - BOTH: [laughing] - I cannot believe you said that, I bet her head almost exploded. - If she had been wearing pearls, she definitely would've clutched them right off her neck. Look, I'm sorry for going there with your mom. And yeah, it pissed me off that she slapped me, but I would never drug her. Or anyone for that matter. - I believe you. Now, about those orgasms you gave me? - Yeah? - Let's go back to your place and see if I can return the favor. - ♪ It wasn't you ♪ It wasn't me ♪ No one to blame - [chuckles] Looking sharp, Pop. Looking sharp. - Where do you think you get it from? [laughing] - So... Ms. Luelene, huh? - Ah, your big-mouth sister, I tell you, she can't hold water in a rainstorm. - EVAN: [chuckles] She never could. But you know what I thought when I heard about you two? - What? - That's my daddy. - [laughing] - Now, about that blood pressure medicine. - Alright, now, I've already been lectured and scolded by one of my children on this subject. I don't need to hear it from the other one. - Then handle your business, Pop. I heard you have a new medicine that won't mess you up. - It's already handled. I took 'em, dammit. Tonight's gonna be the test. - Hmm? - At least I'm hoping. [laughing] - Papa bear. - But hey, thanks for worrying about your old man. - You're all we got. - SENIOR: Yeah, yeah. Love you. - Hey, Evan Junior. - Ms. Luelene. You are looking lovely this evening. - LUELENE: Thank you, baby. - Uh, Lue, we better be going if we wanna get to the aquarium in time to see the show. - Mm, I love the Georgia Aquarium. Evan Junior, did you know that beluga whales are born gray but later turn white? - Wow, I did not know that, Ms. Luelene. - Well, you need to watch the Discovery Channel, you'll learn all kinds of stuff. - Yes, ma'am. - [chuckles] We better be going. [laughing] - [bell dings] - Bye, Daddy, y'all have fun. - SENIOR: Bye, baby. - You saw that wink? - Yeah, now your ass shows up at the last minute. - What? - I did all the heavy lifting! - [crickets chirping] - AMARA: [sighs] - I'm still having trouble believing we landed Judge Waites for the class action. - Well, honey, you know, sometimes you get the judge that you want. It happens, Titus, just count your blessings. - Yeah, I guess. - The settlement conference with Stephanie was today, wasn't it? - You mean Hurricane Stephanie? - Uh-oh. - Yeah, she comes in claiming Lori tried to kill her by spiking her drink with a narcotic. And apparently she slapped Lori. - Today? - No, at the Summit. - Oh, my god. - Stephanie was dead serious, too. Needless to say, we rescheduled the conference. - I have something to tell you and you're not gonna like it. - Oh, boy. Figures. It's been that kind of day. Give it to me. - It's about Damian. - [sighs] - We've been working together. - Define "working together." - Karen forced me to take him with me to interview a permit supervisor. I mean--I tried to push back, I really did, but-- - So now he's got Karen thinking he's Mr. Dependable. - Kinda looks that way, yeah. - [sighs] Okay. - That's it? - You're telling me the truth, right? - Yeah, of course I am. - I'll be honest, Amara. I kinda love you for that. Yeah, I'm concerned, but at the same time, it had to be difficult for you to tell me. I trust you. And I love you. - And I love you... so, so, so--[kisses]--so much. And I really don't wanna finish this report that's due in the morning. - But you have to, it's okay. - [sighs] - [computer beeps] - [exhales] - ♪ - [computer beeps] - ♪ ♪ ♪ - [shutter clicks] - ♪ ♪♪ - STEPHANIE: Next time, on "Ambitions"-- - Forget everything you heard and saw. - Don't you dare threaten me. - You two know each other? - Sure do, don't we, Kent? - I oversee all provisional partnerships. - Provisional? - Be a man for once. - I'm more of a man than you'll ever be. What? - Sir, you Titus Hughes? - Do it! - [groans] - AMARA: Titus! - TITUS: What are you doing?! We're well past a good defense being a good offense where this guy's concerned, Amara. - Oh, and Stephanie? - Yes, Mother? - If you're going to play with fire, make damn sure you're the one controlling the flames. - ♪ - ♪ - ♪ - [ding] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 