Ambitions: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ambitions 
 s1e4 - Reap What You Sew - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ambitions (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Reap What You Sew - full transcript 
 Stephanie and Evan join forces to pursue mutual self-interests. Titus undertakes a risky mission that could destroy his career. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - STEPHANIE: Previously, on "Ambitions..." - We have to cool it off. - BELLA: Are you dumping me? - Amara Hughes cheated on Titus? - TITUS: You can't even say his name, can you? - I can secure Thelma's Place for you. - Thelma's Place is here to stay. - We're talking allegations of patronage, money laundering, embezzlement... - Titus works for me, and he's loyal. - If you say so. - IRENE: What's on your mind, sweetie? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I am the last Carlisle standing, the only one who gave a damn about our family's firm, so why is Daddy punishing me for it? - Everyone knows I'm an amazing designer. Just ask your wife. - What better way to get back at me for Damian than for you to take up with Stephanie again? [moaning] [gasping] [gasping] Damian. [gasping] - Mmm, you miss me. - [sighs] - [phone buzzing] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Titus? Titus? Titus! Where are you? - [distant moaning] [moaning] - Titus! Titus! What are you doing? - You've never been enough, Amara. He's always wanted me. - You tried, but... you could never really compete with this. - BOTH: [moaning] - Get off! Get off! Get off! Get off! Get off, get off! - Amara. Amara! - Get off! - Wake up, baby. You were having a nightmare. - Titus. - It's okay. It's okay, it's okay, I got you. - ♪ ♪ - I have been so looking forward to meeting you, Mr. Collins. - Call me Damian. - Damian. And I do appreciate you seeing me at this late hour, it's really the only time I could spare. - Hmm, can't imagine why such a high-powered attorney like you would put in such an effort to meet me. I've gotta say... the photos I've seen of you don't come close to showing how enticing you are. - Stay focused, Damian. I have done my research and you are quite the prosecutor here in Birmingham. The meth ring investigation and takedown late last year is an amazing trophy for any assistant US attorney. Okay, I'll get straight to the point. Carlisle Perkins would use an attorney with your... skills and experience. - I'd be flattered by this little visitation if I didn't do research of my own. - Really? - I'm aware that you went to college with my ex colleague Amara Hughes. I know you and she pledged the same sorority and she just relocated to Atlanta. So why don't you cut to the chase. Why am I here? - You're here because you and Amara were lovers. - [chuckles] Uh, colleagues. Big difference. - How about this? I won't lie to you if you don't lie to me. - Amara and I worked together, that's as far as it went. - Okay. Lies, then. - Look, lady. I showed up because it's not every day you get called out of the blue by Stephanie Lancaster. But now that I can check that off my list... I'm finished here. - Tell me about Lester Herndon. Tell me you didn't plant evidence and conspired with city officials to put an innocent man behind bars, all because you wanted the woman he was with. But, according to my investigator, threw her away after you took up with Amara Hughes. - I don't know what the hell you're talking about. - Here's the arrest report. And some of the trial transcripts. The falsifications are highlighted in yellow. I have a damn good investigator, Damian. - Who the hell do you think you are? - I'm the woman that's going to destroy your life and never give you another thought. Your only value is what you can do for me in this moment, but keep pissing me off and I might turn you in. Just because I can. - What do you want? - I need you back in Amara's world. - What if I'm not interested? - Oh. [laughs] You're interested. You have until noon tomorrow to get on board with me, or I will blow up your world. And you'll never be able to piece it back together again. [laughs] - Hunter, if this is about the disagreements I've been having with Lori-- - It's not. She's my baby girl, but she's a wild child, I know that. I need to talk to you about something else. Have a seat. I understand the Carlisles are gonna file this class action soon. They still refuse to settle at a reasonable price? - Well, they're refusing to settle at any price. We're gonna be okay, Hunter, I've got this. - Well, I need to be more than just okay. I'm not about to lose one more cent to those thieving ambulance chasers. Mm-mm, not again. So I've, uh, set a few things in motion. - Okay. What are you talking about? - Well, we need a judge who's sympathetic to big companies like ours when this thing goes to trial. We need Judge Alton Waites. - Well, that means Chief Judge Millsap will have to sign Waites to our trial. - Yes. And I hear that for the right price, Millsap will give us any judge we want. - I'm not gonna bribe a judge. - You're gonna do what I tell you to do. - You wanna know why I accepted the job offer at Purifoy? Even under the shadow of a pending class action? - [laughs] Because I pay you damn good money? - 'Cause my mother was in pain for years, and it wasn't until Purifoy created Limodol that she was able to climb out of bed and start living again. It's an opioid, yes, but for people like my mother, it's a lifeline. I don't want it cut off from anyone who needs it. So my passion and intelligent litigation will win this case. - [laughs] Now that is a story I can get behind. That touches my heart. And strong litigation is all well and good, Titus, but here in Atlanta, you get ahead with cash, not rhetoric. Now, you have an appointment later today. All you have to do is close the deal. - Hunter, I'll go see Millsap. And I'll get Waites assigned to our trial, but I'll do it my way. With logical reasoning and strong argument and nothing so sullied as a bribe. - I don't give a damn how you do it, just get Millsap to give us Waites. We're done. - ♪ - He's still not answering? - No. How can I apologize if he won't talk to me? Ugh, come here. Turn around. Um... Let's see... Here, take this off, I don't want you spilling wine all over it. - Stop stressing, I'm not gonna spill anything on it, and stop stressing about what you and Roderick did. Evan came here to dump you, didn't he? - I think I really hurt him. - What about every time he's really hurt you? He won't even take you on a date, for god's sake. And don't even get me started on Joaquin. - It's complicated, Perla, you wouldn't understand. We love each other. - I know he's important to you. But you seriously need to start thinking about yourself first and some man later. He won't respond to you? Redirect that energy. Whatever happened to that store you were telling me about? - That's why we got into it. Why do all the airport concession spaces have to go to chains? And what's wrong with Bella Tru becoming a chain? - You know I'm with you 100%. - I can see it, Perla. Me on top of the fashion world. Him on his way to the governor's mansion... We'd be the perfect couple. He's not seeing what's really at stake. - That's because no matter what you think, he's never going to leave his wife. You have to start thinking about what's best for you and Joaquin. Time's up, Bella, forget the mayor. Who else can get this airport store started for you? - Evan says there's steps and procedures to follow. - Steps and procedures keep people like you from rising up. Come on. You're Bella Tru, you don't play by the rules. Use what you got. Y no seas una pendeja. - ♪ ♪ - This is the best breakfast scramble I think I've ever had, Rondell, and coming from where I come from, that is saying a lot. - Ooh, I hope you saved some room for some of my pie. Peach. - Mmm. - Made from scratch right here in my kitchen. Girl, it's good. - Hmm, having the mayor for a brother must help out with business. - [bell dings] - RONDELL: [laughs] Child, please. I did better under Kasim Reed. - BOTH: [laughing] - So you mean Evan doesn't, like, invest in the restaurant? - Amara. Now, you seem like good people. So if you're coming over here to kick it and get your grub on, that's cool. But if you're sniffing for dirt on my brother... - [bell dings] - Ah. Amara. What a surprise. - Just sampling the best breakfast place in town. - You never tire of sampling things that belong to me, do you? - I didn't realize that this restaurant was called Stephanie's. - RONDELL: It ain't. None of this belongs to any part of her, no way, no how. - Rondell. Tell Senior I'll come back later. - I'm here. - Oh. May I speak with you in private? - No need. I ain't selling. Sorry you come all this way for nothing. I changed my mind. Blame my kids. - As in me and Evan. Now run and tell that. - Ah, well, Senior, um... I will stop by later, it'll give you more time to think about this. You never know what can happen that might make you change your mind. We'll talk soon, Senior. Everyone have a wonderful... and productive day. [chuckles] - RONDELL: Bye, sister in law. Don't be a stranger. Come on back Tuesday for our shrimp and grits special. Make that pancake into an apple bottom. - [laughs] - RONDELL: [laughing] - SENIOR: [laughing] - Thank you, Daddy. - Oh, baby, don't thank me, I just gotta do what's right for all of us. - Ooh, Lord. - Rondell. - Yes? - Stephanie wants to buy Thelma's Place? - Girl, for a snake-in-the-grass client of hers. Wanna buy up the neighborhood and build condos. You see his signs all up and down the street. - Greg Peters Construction? So why is he such a snake? - Oh. [scoffs] How much time you got? - Certainly enough to have a slice of that pie you keep promising. - Ooh! Now that-- - AMARA: [laughing] - I might have a slice with you, look at this. - Oh, wow. - Isn't she beautiful? - Yes. - Hey. - MARVIN: Gotta hand it to you, Evan, you've gone through a lot of trouble for a deal we haven't made yet. - Indeed, Marvin, consider these 300 acres convenient to everything. Unobstructed views of the Atlanta skyline. It's perfect for your manufacturing facilities. - [phone alert] - Excuse me. Stephanie should be right up. - That's great. - How can you beat my city? There's a reason Coca-Cola, Home Depot and AT&T; are situated here, no one can beat our tax incentives or the quality of life for your 2600 employees. Brother, consider this. BetaNu Electric's entire line of appliances and electronics with a huge "Made in America" stamp right on it. Back me up here, Marilyn. - You're doing just fine. - I know, Marvin, whatever Atlanta needs to do to convince you this is the dream home for your facilities, we'll do it. And instead of those trips to China, you two can visit Khalil at Morehouse. - Well, Khalil only call us when he needs money. - Ah. Same with us. Trey and Carly think we're their own personal ATM. - Marilyn, there you are. - Stephanie! Seems like forever, how are you? - Can you imagine those two beauties on the Spelman campus at the same time? - We're two lucky brothers. - What you talking about? [laughs] - You know what? Marvin and I have an appointment right now, but I would love to spend time with you. Can we get together later? - I would love to. - Okay. See you. - [phone alert] - Hey, you! - Hey! [laughs] - MARVIN: How are you? - STEPHANIE: Oh, Marvin, so nice to see you. - [indistinct chatter] - [car honking] - Hey. Got your text, what's up? - So, I had breakfast this morning at Thelma's Place. Delicious. - Is the mayor laundering money through his sister's restaurant? - No, nothing like that. In fact, it looks like Mayor Lancaster only goes to his sister's restaurant to eat. What I found at Thelma's Place is a hardworking single woman who is just trying her best to run an honest business. - Okay, where's the fire? - Stephanie Lancaster was there trying to purchase Thelma's Place for her client, Greg Peters. - Oh, Greg Peters. I'm not surprised. - So, is what I'm reading about this guy correct? - That every one of his building projects has been fast tracked since Lancaster took office? - Rondell believes that he sent someone to the restaurant to scare her into selling. Now, why would he think he could threaten the mayor's sister and get away with it, unless he feels like he owns the mayor? - Maybe he does. - People who resist him either end up hurt or dead. But none of it tracks back to him, so why hasn't his name come up? - Because he's in the private sector. Any investigation on him would be by Atlanta PD. - Unless... he were, say, bribing our fair mayor into giving him preferential treatment on his projects. - Hmm. Let's assume that and put him on our grid. Here's a question. If Stephanie Lancaster is representing Peters, and he's got the mayor in his pocket, she's got to be involved, isn't she? - Maybe I'll just ask her. - [knocking on door] - Come in. - Thank you. - So, uh, what brings Purifoy's latest legal eagle to my chambers? - I promised Hunter that I would have a conversation with you regarding a few hypothetical situations that could arise surrounding the pending class action against Purifoy, if you're willing. - Please. - TITUS: Thank you. - So, I understand you come from solo practice in Birmingham. - Yes, that's correct. - And now you're a corporate crusader. That's quite a turnaround. - I aim to be on the side of right, Judge. I find that large corporations, Big Pharma in particular, they don't get a fair shake. Side of right comes in all shapes and sizes, don't you think? - Absolutely, son. Couldn't agree more. - Ambrose v The Dane and Davidson Corporation, Finney v Paxam Petroleum, those were some fair but unpopular decisions. - And those were decisions rendered by judge Waites. - Yes, and he seems to hear the merit of his cases, not the verdicts from the court of public opinion, so I have great confidence, hypothetically speaking, in the integrity of our proceedings if Judge Waites was on the bench. - Hmm. In all my days I've never encountered a finer judge than Waites. And I can't argue with anyone wanting him to weigh the evidence. [chuckles] Well. I sure do appreciate this little chat. For being appropriate and above board. - Absolutely. - You've done your due diligence trying to settle this thing. - Yes, sir, but they're determined to take this-- - Eh... Now, one...can't be too careful. My lake house has a nasty opening in the roof. Byproduct of a lightning strike. The insurance won't cover it and my wife's been on a tear about getting it sewn up before end of season. Perhaps if old Hunter knew any quality roofers who wouldn't mind patching a few of those holes in my roof, maybe Judge Waites might find his way to your court room. Hypothetically speaking. - [phone ringing] - [sighs] If I get credit for bringing BetaNu Electric to Atlanta, we can write our ticket anywhere. - For once, we both agree. - I just wish I could read that son of a bitch. - You need Marilyn. - So, help me with her. - [laughs] - You want BetaNu Electric here as much as I do. I mean, they'd be your client. You'd make a fortune. - How can I be sure? I wanted Thelma's Place, but you got in my way after I specifically told you not to. Do you have any idea what a man like Greg Peters will do to you after he learns you crossed him? He will cut you up into little pieces and I'll eat popcorn while I watch. - When BetaNu Electric gets to Atlanta, I'm dropping Greg Peters. - Mm-mm. You're tied to too many of his deals. I don't know why you can't accept that. - Are you gonna go to Marilyn or not? - And say what? - When have you ever needed my advice on how to manipulate your friends? Where are you going? - I have somewhere to be. Class action, remember? - Right, the 900 jobs you wanna take from my city by bankrupting Purifoy Pharmaceuticals. - Well, BetaNu will more than make up for that. - [door opening] [door closing] - STEPHANIE: On behalf of our plaintiffs, I am pleased to announce that Carlisle Perkins has just filed a 500 million dollar class action lawsuit against Purifoy Pharmaceuticals. - Half a billion dollars, think you can win that much, Mrs. Lancaster? - No amount of money can make up for the lives that have been lost, or the families that have been decimated by the Purifoys' actions. We're sending a message. The Purifoys knew just how dangerous Limodol was when they rushed it to market. - This isn't the first time the Carlisles and Purifoys have been at odds, is it? - You're referring to the massive judgment our firm won against the Purifoys a quarter of a century ago, because of their... leaky breast implants. Oh, it's a shame the Purifoys didn't learn from that. - Is this a vendetta? - Not at all. - You lying bitch. - As long as the Purifoys continue to endanger the public, my firm will be there, I will be there. To hold them accountable. Thank you, thank you very much, excuse me. - Mr. Hughes! - Mr. Hughes! - Mr. Hughes, any response for your opposing counsel? - Purifoy Pharmaceuticals has done no wrong and this court case will prove that to everyone. It's all I have to say at the present time, thank you. - Good. - [indistinct chatter] - TITUS: Excuse me. - [car honking] - [car alarm beeping] - NICK: Hey, boss, how can I help you? - I texted Damian Collins and told him where to meet me. - NICK: Okay. - I haven't heard back yet. It's way past his deadline, so let's send the information we have on him to-- Scratch that, Nick. - NICK: Okay. - DAMIAN: I may have bent a few rules, but I did everyone a favor locking Herndon up. If you knew the things that animal has done, you wouldn't be so quick to judge me. - Don't be maudlin, it's not a good look. - Last night you made me think it was Amara you were after, but I just saw your little press conference. So I'm thinking you just need me to throw Titus off his game. - This is not an exchange of information. You came between Titus and Amara once, I need you to aim yourself at that marriage like a cannonball and leave no trace behind. When the dust settles, you could end up with Amara. I can tell she's still very special to you. You see? We both win. - What we not gon' do is let Greg Peters Construction come and take our home! This our neighborhood! Our parents and grandparents worked way too hard! They ain't gon' come give us $2 for our houses! What?! The Banks is not for sale! - ALL: The Banks is not for sale! - [siren blaring] - RONDELL: Eminent domain leaves nothing but a stain! - ALL: The Banks is not for sale! - They've been here all morning, I need her gone. - RONDELL: Say no to gentrification! Say no! The Banks ain't for sale! Say no to gentrification, say no! It ain't gonna happen! - Y'all gotta move this demonstration. - The hell we do. We out here in these streets exercising our rights to assemble and protest. - Man here says this is private property. I've got orders from my captain to break this party up. So come on now, you're trespassing. - Sister, you're gonna do this? Really? I know you, you're from this neighborhood. - Damn straight, that's why I'm gonna keep the peace whenever I get the chance, so disperse, or I'm getting some backup here to move y'all to the station. - It's a city street! I know he thinks he owns everything, but he don't! - You have ten seconds to get from in front of my property. - And if you think you can steal my mama's restaurant, you got another thing coming! - Officer, please remove this garbage. - ALL: [offended] - Hear this?! - Really? You're gonna arrest the mayor's sister? - I'm sorry, Miss, I didn't know you were related to Mayor Lancaster. - Hmm. - As long as they stay on the sidewalk and aren't blocking traffic, they aren't breaking any laws. - PROTESTERS: [agreeing] - That's right. This man right here is responsible for hundreds of folks losing their homes. He don't care about the poor! - MAN: That's right! - He's a money-hungry swine! - PROTESTERS: [agreeing] - We got less than two months to tell him and his developer friends to go to hell! The Banks is not for sale! - The Banks is not for sale! The Banks is not for sale! - The countdown on you has started. - Tick, damn tock. - That's right. - Get off my face before I forget I was raised in a church. The Banks is not for sale. - The Banks is not for sale! The Banks is not for sale! The Banks is not for sale! The Banks is not for sale! The Banks is not for sale! The Banks is not for sale! The Banks is not for sale! - Really, Evan? Meeting in your car in back alleys like gangsters? What will you do? Dump me in the river now? - Don't be ridiculous. I just don't trust you. When did you take that picture? - [sighs] The night of the gala. - There more? - I have a few more. - You haven't hurt me enough, Bella? - I'm sorry I hurt you. I really am. But you made me go there. - I've done nothing but protect you. - Protect me?! You were dumping me! - I can never dump you. We have a beautiful child together. I wish more of my life was spent with you. But you'd rather be with this Roderick. - You said you didn't wanna see me anymore. - I said temporarily. We needed to cool it off because right now it's not safe. - Why? - I can't tell you. - You know, Evan, I have wasted years of my life with you. I have to do what's best for me and Joaquin. You won't commit, Roderick will. - Yeah, well, he's an idiot. If he's your choice, so be it. - Won't you ask me what I plan to do with the pictures? Or tell me to get rid of them? - [scoffs] - I hear the business calls you take in the other room. You pull strings for your friends, you can do the same for me and your son. - You can't rise to fame in the real world like you did on Instagram. The amount of followers you have means nothing when you go before the concessions review board, you can't just push "Like" and they roll out the red carpet for you. - I deserve this chance, I've earned it! - Do I need to spell this out for you? You're not getting the concession. Don't make me save you from yourself. I can make your life a living hell, too. - Your threats are as empty as your promises. I'm going after what I want, and there's nothing you can do to stop me. - Don't challenge me, you'll lose. - ♪ - [phone ringing] - SECRETARY: Hello, Carlisle Perkins, how can I help you? - [door opening] - I pray you're not here at the behest of my infinitely irritating sister in law. - If you mean, do I want her to feel safe at her place of business, I do. - What crap has she been feeding you? I'm done with this. - Can we please go somewhere privately and talk? - No need. - Fine, we'll do it here. Greg Peters is using intimidation tactics to scare Rondell into selling. - That is a ridiculous, uncorroborated claim. It's even more ridiculous that you'd drag your self-righteous ass into my office to confront me on it. - I'm not here to confront you, Stephanie, I'm here to warn you about Peters. Every page I turn in his book gets worse. - And why are you turning pages? Because Rondell Lancaster asked you to? You always were a sucker for the dumb and the helpless. - And you're deflecting as usual. Look, hear me or don't hear me, I'm just giving you a heads up for old times' sake. Peters is on our radar. - I'd like to say that I appreciate the warning, but what I'd most appreciate right now is you leaving my firm. Roshanna? - AMARA: Don't bother. - WOMAN: Sign right here. - Hey! It's my ambassador of good fortune. Get your ass in here. I saw you on TV answering those reporters' questions with confidence and style. I just knew you were headed my way with good news. I think that's it, thank you very much. - Thank you. - So. How much did Millsap set us back? - Nothing. Because I couldn't go through with it. - You couldn't go through with it? What happened to all that logical reasoning bullshit? - Didn't work. I will say that getting a pat-down from a state judge has to be one of the more memorable moments of my legal career. - Hmm. I see. So with hundreds of millions of my dollars at stake, you couldn't go through with it. - Bribing a judge is not who I am, Hunter. That's not who I'll ever be. I'm not about to risk my reputation, my career, and my freedom for any amount of money, for you or anyone else. I will tender my resignation right here, right now, if that's the kind of lawyer you're looking for. - I don't need your resignation, Titus, because you...you passed. So relax. - What? - You passed. You see, I was testing you. See, you gotta understand something, Titus, I've been burned before. My previous lawyer, well, he wasn't exactly, uh... burdened by scruples, if you know what I mean. Now, this was my way of making sure that you got the kind of integrity that I'd demand in my general counsel. And I'm pleased to see that you do. Nice job. We're good. - Yeah. Yeah. - Hmm. - [door opening] - BELLA: [clears throat] Where is everything? [gasps] [crying] [sniffles] [crying] You can't be serious. - ROBOTIC FEMALE VOICE: Your phone has been deactivated. If this is an emergency, please-- - Evan! [crying] - [crickets chirping] - Do you remember when Lisa Davidson tried that hand-stand at the Kappa homecoming party? - Will there be anything else, Mrs. Lancaster? - No, thank you, Constance. - How could I forget? She lost her balance and fell right on top of poor Linus Mackenzie. - BOTH: [laughing] - God, this is nice. I'm having so much fun talking about the old days with you. - You know, Marilyn, you and I could do this all the time, if you convince Marvin to move BetaNu Electric's manufacturing facilities to Atlanta. - Steph. - Atlanta is the perfect hub for Marvin to take BetaNu to the next level. The tax incentives and cost of living are unmatched. - Marvin and I have an agreement. I leave BetaNu to him, and he doesn't meddle with my philanthropic efforts. Speaking of which, I'd love to get your input on the Summit sessions. - Of course, I've been meaning to send over my notes on this year's itinerary. - No, it's fine, I know how busy you are. Juniper, she's been a godsend. - [sighs] I'm sure she has. I can't wait to hear sessions like... "Why the Confederacy was misunderstood." And a rousing icebreaker game of Cow Patty Bingo. - Okay, I know your two families don't get along, but Juniper's my friend. Consider me Switzerland. - You never did like to pick sides, did you? I guess that's why you didn't cut Amara off. - Oh, come on, Steph, don't tell me you're still mad at little Amara over Titus. That was ages ago. - Maybe if little Amara wasn't back in Atlanta and always in my face, I'd be able to leave the past buried. Ooh, how's Khalil? - He's well, although he hasn't mentioned Carly lately. Have you heard anything on your end? - Not a peep. You and I are going to have to ramp up our matchmaking efforts if we wanna throw the wedding of the century. - Cheers to that. - BOTH: [laughing] - [sighs] - CARLY: [moaning] Ugh, this feels so good. This is better than the Four Seasons. - [sighs] Have you been to Chateau Elan? Ugh, their wine service is out of this world. - Chateau Elan is the best. - My favorite has to be Miraval. - That's in Arizona, right? I heard their waiting list is mad crazy. - I know the director. - Mm, then we definitely have to go. I heard they offer a healing class there where you work with a horse and it's supposed to make your soul feel better. Horses scare me but my acting teacher says facing one's fears is the best thing an actor can do. Hmm, I think that would be so cool if we did that together. Maybe we could go horseback riding in the moonlight... What do you think? Whoa! - LORI: How about I give you a ride right now and make sure your massage has a happy ending. - ♪ - [soft jazz music playing] ♪ - Hey, how did it go with Marilyn? - Exactly as expected. - Ah, well, she always does as you ask. - Well, she didn't tonight, so give it a rest. - You just filed a half billion dollar class action suit and... this is how you celebrate? - It's how I celebrate Amara Hughes having the audacity to barge into my office to warn me about Greg Peters. - [laughing] The DOJ has eyes on Greg Peters? - Amara has eyes on him. And on your sister. And she has eyes on you, too. - Well, she questioned a few of my cabinet members, so what? - And you didn't tell me? - There's nothing for her to find, and even if there were, my people are too smart. - [laughs] Now it makes sense why Amara's getting all chummy with Rondell. - What? - She was at Thelma's Place when I went to give Senior his check. That crafty little bitch is working your sister. - To what end? Rondell knows nothing about any of my dealings. - You don't know what she knows. But she needs to be handled. She needs to know who Amara is. If you don't-- - You're not going anywhere near her. I'll talk to her. But I think we better come up with a plan for Amara Hughes. - [chuckles] It's already in motion. - [glasses clinking] - [crickets chirping] - ♪ Sometimes I get it ♪ Other times I don't know what to do... ♪ ♪ About this feeling - I just don't know if I should've taken this job. - Class actions are a ton of work. - Yeah, well, the work, I expected. But Hunter's just not who I thought he was. - He's not a white, privileged billionaire who thinks every snap of his finger should be recorded on a tablet behind a burning bush? - Top that off with that circus Stephanie put on and...I barely know which way to turn. - Well, you now, I actually feel sorry for Stephanie. - Baby, that's wasted energy and you know it. - You think moving here was the right decision? - [sighs] For all my frustrations, Purifoy pays damn well. Deja's in an amazing private school and together, we got things we never could afford before, so yeah, yeah, we made the right decision. - That's the right answer. [laughs] - [laughs] - [clears throat] What do you think? - Nice! What are they? - These are a glamorous pair of red bottoms and they look great on me. - Hmm, I'll bet. - BOTH: [laughing] - Oh... Selling our souls for an elite education, fancy shoes and mo' money. Look what we've become. - Babe. - Hmm? - We are becoming those people. - Yeah, I know. [laughs] - TITUS: [laughing] Join me in the shower, and after that, put on those expensive red bottom shoes. - Just the shoes? - Just the shoes. - Mm, now that... is an invitation. - Mm-hmm. - Mm-hmm. [laughing] - [knocking on door] - Hi. - Uh, who are you? - Bella Tru. Atlanta's fastest rising fashion designer. I'm here because you are the city's procurement officer and one of the people who decides who receives Hartsfield-Jackson airport concessions. - Come inside. - This is my proposal. - How did you get my address? - The Internet's my second home. I just made this amazing dress. I'm the First Lady's go-to designer. I made this dress for her, but it'll look better on you. You'll find the style and quality are on par with any designer you can name. - Do you have any idea how many laws you're breaking right now? - I'm desperate. - It's illegal for you to be here. - It's not money. Go ahead, feel the silk. - That's not necessary. I'm sure you mean well, Bella, but I can't accept this. - Go on, touch it, you've never felt fabric like this, I promise. Wear it a few times. Perhaps to the opening of the new Bella Tru at Hartsfield-Jackson. I heard you're looking for a local Atlanta business to drive tourism into the city, why not choose one whose artistry you already know? And don't worry. I...I was never here. - [sighs] - Who was that? - Your mistress. This can't happen again. - I know, I'll take care of it. In the meantime... let's just get down to the business at hand. I need some stress release. - ♪ - Now, assume the position. - ♪ - EVAN: Next time, on "Ambitions..." - Carlisle Perkins will not be representing me on any of my future projects. - Bring Peters back into the fold, or you are finished. - Meet our newest assistant US attorney. - You can't be here. - DAMIAN: You mean a lot to me. - No one tells Marvin how to run his company. - You'll be destroyed, Marilyn. - You sure are enjoying this, playing games with the lives of innocent people. - My life has been all about you since the day we met. - Why should I believe you? - EVAN: I'm the mayor of Atlanta. This is my city. - ♪ - ♪ - ♪ - [ding] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 