S.W.A.T.: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 S.W.A.T. 
 s1e11 - K-Town - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 S.W.A.T. (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - K-Town - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Chrissy. Do you know who the hell you're stealing from?! We'll find you. We'll find you! Everybody good? - Yeah. - Yeah. Damn, that was fun! Looks on their faces! Should've put 'em on Instagram. Hey, someone get my short ribs? Sorry, Luca! I didn't have time to sit down and grill! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Did get you a lifetime's supply of fentanyl, though. At least you got one order right. 20David to Command, my team is safe, and we got the goods. Good job, guys! - Yeah, baby. - Booyah! Synced & corrected by -robtor- www.addic7ed.com. That's how you get it done! Yeah! - In and out without a single shot fired. - Yes, sir. Stellar work. Well, what can I say? We got a soft touch. Hondo, if that's your idea of a soft touch, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'd hate to see your hard one. One hell of a haul. Street value for fentanyl just peaked at a half a million a kilo. - Wow. - Yeah. Cho, grab a field kit - and get these bricks tested. - Right away. - Yes. - Here we go, let's do it. We smoked 'em, man. - Yeah, you did. - Commissioner. Sergeant Harrelson. You and your team - just wrap up a drug seizure? - Actually, we just pulled off a rip. That's when cops get to pretend to be robbers. SWAT is currently part of a DEA joint task force, and Hondo's team just executed a sealed warrant. Agent Katrina Walsh, DEA. We're targeting a huge fentanyl operation being run out of Koreatown. Fentanyl? It's all over the latest commission updates. Record overdoses. And it's, what, - 50 times more potent than heroin? - Yeah. You touch the pure stuff without wearing gloves, say good night. Golden Boys, Koreatown's most violent gang, are the streetlevel players running point. But we're trying to shake out the top dog, the person actually financing the operation. So we have wiretaps on all the GBoys' cell phones. Because of the rip, they'll panic, place calls up the ladder, hopefully ending on whoever the real boss is. We call it “tickling the wire.” This is why I love hanging out at SWAT. Learn something new every day. Well, then let me show you what a real wire room looks like. - I'd love that. - All right. I heard Annie left the hospital, - is back home. - Yeah. - How's she doing? - Like a champ. - So far, so good. - Well, that's good to hear. You make sure Deacon takes whatever time he needs. I told Deacon I just want him home, feeding Annie ice cream in bed. All right. Put word on the street. There's a bounty for the crew that did this. You get anything yet? GBoy phones are lighting up like crazy. And they're mostly all speaking Korean. You think I brought you along 'cause you're cute? Start translating the calls and get us some transcripts ASAP. Impressive. Come on, now. You're the one with the photographic memory. You tell me. How many stings is that for us? Over the past ten years, 11. - Whoa. - Combined total of 364 kilos of dope - off the street. - Well, damn. - Time sure flies, doesn't it? - It does. Hey, how's my little dude, Calvin? You know, I haven't seen him since we won that peewee football tournament. That youngster right there is a natural at toting that rock. Well, I got him into private school in the Palisades. - The Palisades? - Don't ask about the price tag. Believe me, - it's worth it. - Aw! Look at him. Little man is sharp. But he's not a Crenshaw Cougar anymore? He is a Palisades Pelican now. So you gonna make me drive all the way through traffic from the south side to the Palisades just so I can yell plays at my football godson? Think of it as a seaside getaway. All right, all right. You know you can count me in. I don't know if you're ready for this, though. That right there is tofu stirfry. High protein, low calorie... all net. And why - aren't you married yet? - Come on, K.C. Too busy chasing bad guys. You know, next month, I hit my 20th. Been thinking about cashing in my pension early, so I can be there, watch Calvin grow up. Wait a minute, Killer K.C. is gonna turn in her shield? But you know what? I feel you. Well, if this is your last one, we got to make it count. You all good? This is dessert muffin week. It might be really difficult getting the piping... We don't have to watch this. No, I love Muffin Fights. Muffin Wars. Matthew and Lila are all tucked in. Finally. And I read Sweetie Pie to sleep with a little James Ellroy. You having an affair I should know about? That you should know about? No. Hondo and the team just pulled a drug rip in KTown. David, just go in already. No, you just had brain surgery. Two weeks ago. I'm not leaving your side. I just think we need to get back to life as usual - at some point, and... - And you're starting to drive her a little nuts. She's just too afraid to tell you. - Mom. - What? I think he should take the hint and vacate the premises. Right, Sergeant? You got her? I've had her for 37 years. I'm not giving her up now. You sure? - Yeah. - Okay. Bye. All right. Hey, Deac! Man, I missed you, buddy. - How's Annie doing? - She's good. She's so good, she kicked me out of the house. She wanted to, thank you all for the flowers and the cards and cupcakes. And the police officer strippergram. Was he awesome? Let's just say he was welloiled and completely inappropriate. But I haven't seen her laugh like that in a long time. Awesome. Deac. Good to have you back, man. Ready to rock. - What do we got? - Results from the field kit came back. Fentanyl tested at 90%. Purest I've ever seen. As expected, the GBoys are reaching out to various contacts, but the one person a few of them called was Eddie Rhee. Rhee's vice president of the Wilshire Hope chain of banks. He's got financial ties in South Korea and the ability to transfer large amounts of cash overseas. He's also got two mansions in Hancock Park... one for his wife and their kids, the other for his mistress and their kids. And guess who's on the payroll as Rhee's private bodyguard. Peter Kwon. Head of the Golden Boys. Recently paroled from Soledad after doing eight years for assault on an LAPD motorcycle cop. He's dangerous, so on your toes. That right there... best black noodles joint in the city, hands down. Never knew you were such a connoisseur of Korean cuisine. Fresh out of the academy, I spent my first two years in KTown. I'm like an honorary Asian around here. Heard that from white cops before. Then we go out drinking, they don't know soju from sake. Yeah, well, both rice wines, grasshopper, but soju's Korean at 21% alcohol. Sake's Japanese at only 15%. So you picked up a few things in KTown. I did a year undercover in Chinatown. Dude, L.A.'s Chinatown is, like, two blocks. If you lasted a year undercover, you must've been wearing one hell of a fake mustache. He got you on that one, Tan. Let's make this an easy inandout. Eddie Rhee, we have a warrant for your arrest for the distribution of. Schedule 1 narcotics. Narcotics? - ThThat can't be right. - I'm sure you don't want to cause a scene in front of your customers, so I suggest you turn around. Take that piece and lay it on the floor right now! Before you have a problem. You got a warrant for me? I know you're Peter Kwon, and you like to go after cops. So drop the gun now! Come and take it. It's okay, folks. It's okay. Got him. They got him. Street. Letting a trashtalking roughneck get in your head makes you the fool, not him. That bullet could've hit a civilian. Or one of your teammates. Some days you just seem to forget the golden rules of SWAT. What's rule number three? Always keep your cool. This proposal outlines what I called an ethics panel, which would be made up of seven members... four civilians and three officers. With seven, there's never a deadlock. And all useofforce cases moving forward will be reviewed by them, so people can't say the LAPD ever covered up a police shooting. And with real teeth in the penalties, any bad cops... Will think twice now about breaking the law. The rank and file will see this as a politically correct move to reduce the police union's power. Good cops will grumble, but they'll go along with it. And bad cops will get drummed out. I think it's worth any grief I might get. The panel would also be made up of volunteers. There's no compensation for any position. So the department pays zero - for better relations with the public. - Not to mention the tens of millions it could potentially save in lawsuits against the city. This is great. I got to run. I got a school board meeting in 30 minutes. LAPD. The L.A. school board. You're a busy man, Michael. And you're a rising star. You know, this city's never had a female police chief. Just saying. I'll look this over, circle back. It wasn't a rival crew that ripped your keys, Eddie. It was us. So it looks like you only got one play here. Admit the fentanyl is yours, and the U.S. Attorney will take that into consideration during sentencing. Sounds like a deal to me, considering all the poison you smuggled into L.A. How does a wellrespected banker get wrapped up in dealing narcotics? You start living beyond your means? Paying for two McMansions and two different families? Your wife and your little sidepiece, do they know about each other? I mean, because where I'm from, they would have burned each other's houses down by now. Sorry, but we need to wrap it up. We just brought him in, and his bail is $2 million. It's been paid. Any further questions, the DEA can reach me at that number. I tried stalling as long as I could. Rhee's Maserati. Are they gonna release it - to him from the impound lot? - Yeah. His lawyer said it wasn't officially listed on the warrant. All right, before Rhee signs off on his ride, we stick on a GPS tracker, see where he goes. Three cars on a revolving tail. Follow a hundred yards back, take turns in his rearview. If Rhee gets anywhere near a GBoy connected to the drugs, we revoke his bail. Let's ride. Right there's Mr. Pak's. Kickass tailor. He alters my dress blues but only charges halfprice. And that spa right there is open 24 hours. Man, I pulled my hamstring chasing a banger dusted on PCP. The hot steam room in there cures all. I get it, Luca. You know KTown. Damn, KGirls. You ever date one? Most Asian girls I know remind me of my mom, so not really. I'm seeing this blonde down in Venice right now. She listens to Suicidal Tendencies, loves cheap beer. She doesn't give a damn my family isn't rich. Man, you don't see many blondes on the arm of an Asian dude. My man flipped the fetish. Rhee's just pulled into a parking garage off St. Andrews. They got two entrances. We'll cover the front, and I'll get another car to cover the rear. He told me to meet here. Put it in park. This is 20David to all Dteams. Rhee is on the move. We do not have eyes yet. That Chrysler. That's our signal, but that's not Rhee's Maserati. Listen up, we got a GPS switch. It's a Chrysler 300. Plate number three, zero, one, Paul, Charles, Edward. Luca, you and Tan sit on the garage, see if Rhee comes out. Roger that. Deac, the car's headed south on Kenmore. - I need you to cut it off. - On it. Lower your window, let me see your hands. All clear. No sign of him. - Where's Eddie Rhee? - Who? - Who do you work for? - Uber, man. II picked up extra shifts 'cause my wife, she lost her job. Luca, tell me you and Tan got eyes on Rhee in that garage. Negative, boss. Just searched it. Rhee's gone. Well, he didn't just vanish. Let's fan out, find that Maserati. How did Rhee find the GPS tracker on his whip that fast? My friend in organized crime, he says that there's nobody better at countersurveillance than Korean criminals. Wait, wait. Hold up. Hold up, hold up. You see what I see? Hondo, we got eyes on Rhee's ride. Step out of the car right now! He said out of the car! Now! Luca. Damn. Korean choker. That's serious old country. Chain saw blade and a padlock. Poor bastard asphyxiates and bleeds to death at the same time. Means someone thought he'd talk. Which means Rhee was never the top dog in KTown. Well, whoever he is, he's gonna be looking to get rid of anyone he thinks is a loose end. Annie? David, - it's Mary Beth. - What's wrong? Annie got up and wanted to take a walk. She made it ten feet and collapsed. They're putting her in the ambulance now. David, it's bad. Deac, what is it? It's Annie again! They said that if she got through the first week without any relapses, that she'd be fine. She's supposed to be past this. With the type of surgery your wife had, there was always a concern of a blood clot forming. Our oncall surgeon will be here in a half an hour. A half hour? II know you're upset. We have her stabilized now, so I'm having the OR prepped as we speak. Yeah. How is she? What happened? It's aa blood clot now. Excuse me. You're SWAT, right? Yes. Before I was an RN, I worked as an EMT. Had my share of calls where you guys walked me through gunfire to help a patient. From one first responder to another, II hate to say this, but... What? Hate to say what? The oncall surgeon is okay. But if someone I love needed this procedure, I'd want the vascular specialist, - Evan Chandler. - Okay, where's he? Celebrating his 20th wedding anniversary. Is there a way to reach him? Maybe not, but... if I was you, I would try whatever I could. I'll talk to the hospital director, see what we can do. Rhee's dead. Probably at the hands of someone higher up who's afraid of where we've been looking. We've pored over all the wiretaps. As far as we can tell, Rhee never called anyone above him. All right, let's split up and round up the rest of the GBoys. We hit them hard enough, someone's gonna talk. Hondo, any word on Annie? She's critical. Hospital's trying to get in touch with the specialist she needs. How's Deac holding up? - I can only imagine. - Anything we can do for him? The best thing we can all do is just keep sending positive thoughts. Hello, Calvin. - Who are you? - Call me Halmoni. It means grandmother. I got a grandma that picks me up. She couldn't make it, so she asked me to bring you home. Okay. But first, you got to tell me the code word. I don't get in a car with anyone who doesn't know the code word. Calvin, if you don't get in, I promise we'll kill her. You want to be the boy who got his grandmother killed? Hey. Hi. All right, you all got addresses of your targets. Let's hit the GBoys hard and fast. Hey, Sarah. What's going on? Calvin... They took him. Tell me you got something. Agent Walsh, your mother is fine. One of our unis found her on foot near Sunset and the 405. She was carjacked, but her purse and phone were inside, so she couldn't call you. What about Calvin? We've got a dozen units canvassing the area. You got cameras all around the perimeter. You download the footage? We did, but the vehicle didn't have plates. We issued an AMBER Alert, - but without a license number... - All right. K.C., look at me. We'll find him. Hello? We have your son. Walk away from any police right now, and make sure you're the only one who can hear this. Okay. I'm listening. If you want your son back alive, you'll meet us alone... no other DEA agents or police... and return the drugs you stole from us. What are you talking about? Do not play games with us. Okay. But I can't. I don't have the authorization to do that. If you want money, I can get you money. We only want what is ours. We will call you back in two hours with a location. If you bring anyone else, your son's throat is cut. Okay. Who was that? That's where we're at. The caller says they want their 50 kilos back in exchange for Calvin. Well, you know we can't do that. We'll get him back, but we got to do it a different way. What if we put GPS chips inside the kilos, so we know where they go? We've already seen how GPS trackers worked before. - They'll be looking for them. - All right, fine. If we can't use the real keys, then we mock up 50 fake ones. K.C. shows up to the meet while we lay back. When those kidnappers show up, we take them down. I've done enough of these deals to see how they go down. They're gonna bring a chemist to vet the purity. If the fentanyl comes back baking soda, Calvin is dead. I'm sorry, Agent Walsh. But what Hondo just pitched, that's the only legal option we have here. What if it was your child? I'd be as sick about it as you are. You know how I feel about Calvin. You got to trust me on this one. We'll make it work. Let's... let's get some fake keys bundled before these bastards call back. Hey. I called your office. They said you were here. I signed off on every detail. It just needs our signatures. - That sounds... great. - I'm sorry. Am I... am I missing something? - Is that Sergeant Kay? - His wife needs emergency brain surgery. I've been trying to get ahold of the specialist she needs, but he's not reachable. Anything I can do? Is there any chance you know Dr. Evan Chandler? His name doesn't ring a bell. Annie... she's... more than just one of the wives. She's my friend. Doesn't mean I don't know someone who knows him. Let me make a few calls. Appreciate it. The old fentanyl switcheroo. All right, get these bagged up. They should be calling with the drop zone any minute. Agent, you seen K.C.? Said she was stepping outside to call and check on her mom. Tminus five minutes till that incoming call. Five minutes to go, and she's not here, ready? K.C. K.C. took the real fentanyl out of the evidence locker. She must be headed to the meet alone. My God. I can't believe she did this. If anyone else finds out, she will go to prison. - So, what are we gonna do? - We aren't gonna do anything. I'm gonna track down Walsh - before her and Calvin end up dead. - And what are we supposed to tell Hicks if he strolls past the evidence and notices $25 million worth of fentanyl's gone AWOL? He won't. The fake keys we just packed... I put 'em in the cage in place of the real ones. Listen, what she did was real stupid, but me and K.C. go way back, and Calvin is like a son to me. I'm gonna do whatever I got to do me. I'm gonna do whatever I got to do to protect them. But that does not involve any of you risking your jobs. The less you know, the better. Hondo? Tech agent says the kidnappers haven't called in yet. They want their drugs, they'll call when they're ready. In the meantime, Agent Walsh just texted. Said she got word from a C.I. from a C.I. with a possible lead on Calvin's location. I'm on my way to meet her now. - When was I gonna be informed? - I'm informing you now, sir. - Where's your team? - They're on standby. Once I know more, I'll call 'em from the road with details. What are y'all doing? - Look, I told you... - Yeah, yeah. Plausible deniability. Yeah. We heard you the first time. Just got a ping on Agent Walsh's phone and location. You want to tag along, we got room in the backseat. Let's go. Arms up. I'm a federal agent. I don't shower without a piece. - I told you we'd find you. - Where's Calvin? First we get the bricks, then you get your son? That's it... all 50 keys. I guess you can see him now. He's in our trunk. No. Metro SWAT! Drop the weapons! - On the ground! - On the ground! - On your stomach! - On the ground! - On the ground, on the ground! - Stop it! Command, roll an ambo to 3600 Wilshire. Drop it, on the ground! On the ground! Where's my son?! Where is he?! - Where's my son?! - K.C., let go! Let him go! Where's the boy? Where's the boy?! It's not my job to know. It's not my job to know. Street, take him. What the hell is wrong with you? Hondo, if they were gonna kill me, - what have they done with Calvin? - K.C., listen to me. Whoever's behind this won't get rid of their insurance policy until they have the kilos in their hands. Calvin's got to be alive. I want to believe you. You know, when we first got married, Annie was in her second year of law school at Loyola. She never told me that. She was concentrating on environmental law. She wanted to save the world and every creature in it. Sounds just like her. At the time, I was trying out for SWAT. I was doing extra training after my patrol shifts... 'cause I knew I had to... be the best if I wanted to make the cut. Annie dropped out. She wanted to be home every night... for me. She said it was only gonna be for a couple semesters, but... Next think you know, I make SWAT. Ten years have passed. She's raising three kids. You know what this is, right? It's a sign from God that I'm a selfish prick. He's testing me to see if I even deserve her. Deac, Annie loves the life you guys have built together. She put down all of her own dreams to support me. And not once in ten years have I had to sacrifice anything important for her. Hey. Michael? This is Dr. Chandler. Annie's husband? The SWAT sergeant? Yes, sir. I looked at your wife's MRI on the way in. I won't lie, it's not pretty. But she's prepped for surgery and I'm ready to operate immediately. You don't know how much you showing up means to me. Excuse us. Sergeant, I'm gonna tell you what I tell all the loved ones of my patients. My only guarantee is I will do everything in my power to get her through this. Thank you. How'd you get him? Important thing is he's here. I love L.A. bars. No signs in front so you can only find them if you're a hipster. - I feel cool. - What's your contact's name? Kayla Song. She owns the place, KTown born and raised. Hey. - We're closing. - Kayla, please... You got some nerve texting me after all this time. You know blue eyes here took me to Burning Ma. A couple years ago, then ghosted me? Listen, I don't got time to walk down memory lane. Look, I need your help. - Yeah, sure. - Hey. This is Calvin Walsh, son of a DEA agent. He was abducted by a Korean woman in her 60s connected to the Golden Boys. It's a personal favor if you can help us. You know what'll happen to me if the GBoys find out I talked. This is a little boy's life. I promise anything that you tell us won't blow back on you. Peter Kwon, head of the GBoys. Yeah, we ran into him at the bank earlier today. His mother, Sang Kwon, she runs their slave trade. She brings in girls from Seoul and pimps them out. They call her Halmoni. Any idea where she keeps these girls? Sang runs a massage place on Serrano and 6th. First floor's legit, but that second floor is all sex rooms and God knows what else. Thank you. You better call me. I'm single again, so you know it. Guess being an honorary Asian pays off. What do we got? Name on the deed is Sang Kwon and the property's listed as a clinic for therapeutic touch therapy. They got security cameras on every corner, so we're gonna have to cut the power. Yeah. Ready when you are, boss. All right. Luca, Tan, and Chris, cut the lights, take the threeside. Me and Street will take the front. Go ahead. Street, strap up. I'm right behind you. No. No, you're not. You tried it your way and you almost got yourself killed. Now we're gonna do it my way. You stay here and watch the perimeter. That's my boy in there, Hondo. I know it is... and I won't forget it. Let's go, Street. Left side clear! Right side clear! Everyone against the wall! Stay down! Let me see your hands! Now! Hands behind your back! Now! Stay down! Luca, you got a rabbit headed your way! - Come on! - Left side clear! Stay down! - Street, stay with him. - Got him. Metro SWAT. Inside. Get inside. Stay down. Get on your stomach. Turn around! Turn around! - Hands behind your back! - Keep it down! - Go, go, go. - Stay there. Mom? Calvin?! - Left side clear! - Right side clear! M? Calvin?! Calvin?! It's a connecting door. - On three. - Okay. One, two, three. Right side clear. Left side clear! Calvin? Calvin. Chris, give me your rubber bullets. All right. Chris, kick it. Luca, what's she saying? She says. - Luca, what's she saying? - She says she's not gonna let him go unless we don't arrest her. You tell her that's not how this works. Calvin. Come on, Calvin. Get out of here. Come on. My gun has real bullets. Calvin! My God. Are you okay, baby? I knew you'd come. I missed you so much. Let's go. Move it! We know you and the GBoys were just muscle. So who hired you to snatch up Calvin? Who had Eddie Rhee killed? She says take her to jail. You tell me who hired you to kidnap Calvin and maybe you don't live out the rest of your days in Chowchilla. Lawyer. So you do speak English. Lawyer. Now. Get her out of my face. Chris, Street. Get Walsh's car back to HQ, swap out the real kilos for the fake ones - before Hicks realizes what's up. - Okay. Hey. So gangster granny doesn't want to talk. We still got Walsh and the kid back in one piece. And all 50 keys of the fentanyl. What we didn't get is the top dog of KTown. Whoever they are, they're still out there. Okay. Still in surgery. It's been two hours. Annie's strong. If anybody can pull through this, it's her. Sergeant. Took a little longer than usual, but I was able to remove the blood clot. As of right now, your wife is in stable condition. I don't mean to sound pessimistic, but I was in this exact same place two weeks ago. So, please, will you tell me your honest prognosis for her? With proper aftercare, I don't see any reason why Annie won't be back to her normal self in a few months. I think we have it handled this time. - Can I see her? - Of course. She's right down the hall. The nurse will show you where. - Thank you. - Sure. Doc. Thank you for making the time. Absolutely. Listen, if you ever need a favor, this is my number. Seriously, use it. Well, I appreciate it, but Michael Plank's got me covered. Well, all of us at SWAT greatly appreciate it. Yes, we can't thank you enough. Anything for LAPD. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm late for a glass of champagne with my wife. - Good night. - Good night. Wow. The commissioner went above and beyond on this one. Yes, he did. I just got off the phone with the DEA director. He declared the task force a success. Ho success. How is it a success, sir, when the real top dog who kidnapped Walsh's son isn't even in custody? We just took tens of millions of dollars worth of fentanyl off the street. SWAT dismantled a major L.A. street gang. It's a huge win. Whoever's behind this had inside intel on this case. They knew Calvin was the son of a DEA agent in charge. - They knew where he went to school. - Hondo. We're SWAT. We strike targets. We don't lead longterm investigations. You have any idea who it might be? From K.C.'s tech guy. After Calvin was kidnapped, two calls were made from a burner phone. Sang Kwon had on her to that guy, Jae Kim, who didn't come up on the DEA's list of suspects. - Jae Kim, New Seoul Properties? - That's right. Each call lasted only a minute, made directly to his office line. Kim's one of the largest real estate developers - in the city. - What better way to wash dirty drug money in L.A. than real estate? The head of Narcotics, we worked Hollenbeck together. I'll make sure this file lands on his desk. At the bottom of the pile with the backlog of cases. Narcotics already has? We'll hand the intel off to the detectives. If they find dirt on Kim, I'll see that you get to cuff him. You know, K.C., what happened... it might take a while for Calvin to shake off. I know. He's a tough kid. Well, he gets that from his mother. I'm so sorry. I know what I did. It put you and your team at risk. I wasn't thinking straight. You were thinking about your son. You best believe I'm gonna find out who was really behind all this. Hondo, all I care about right now is that I got Calvin back. I'm handing in my papers tomorrow. I can't be on the job anymore, not after what I did. All I want to be now is a mom. Well, you tell Calvin he better be ready to play some ball next month. - Okay. - Hey, if you need anything, I got you. You know that. Thank you. - Street. - Yeah? Where are you going? Sam's Houfbrau. It's Tuesday. They got halfoff beers and this dancer who breathes fire. All right, well, tickle your vices later, all right? Right now you're rolling with me. Let's go. With the new MTA expansion along Pico Boulevard from West L.A. to downtown already approved, we will be breaking ground, on retail and residential properties. All of you courageous enough to invest early with me will reap the rewards. Geonbae. Geonbae. Officers? Mr. Kim. This is Eddie Rhee, VP of Wilshire Hope Bank who handles your accounts. We found him strangled to death in his car yesterday. Mr. Rhee's death came as a shock to many of us in our community. But I'm not sure I can help you. I only met him a handful of times. But enough times for you to be aware that he's part of a major drug ring smuggling fentanyl into Los Angeles? If I had any knowledge of such a thing, I would've reached out to Commander Dorin of Wilshire Division. He's a personal friend. How about Sang Kwon? She a personal friend, too? She called your office twice last night from an illegal brothel, while harboring a kidnapped child. I manage millions of dollars worth of real estate. All sorts of tenants call my office at all hours with demands, complaints, even a few compliments. If she only called you once, I would buy a wrong number, but she called you twice. You went after a mother and son who are like family to me. Officer, there's obviously some sort of misunderstanding. If you give me your name and your badge number, I can call the chief right now and we can clear this all up, If any more harm comes to Agent Katrina Walsh or her son, Calvin, I will come after you personally, on my own time. Hey. Hondo. Remember that golden rule? As I was saying, with the new MTA expansion, we have an amazing opportunity 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 