S.W.A.T.: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 S.W.A.T. 
 s1e2 - Cuchillo - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 S.W.A.T. (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Cuchillo - full transcript 
 The team must find four escaped convicts before a rival team finds them; Hondo's leadership is called into question when Street flagrantly disregards protocol. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on SWAT... - 17yearold young man, Raymont Harris, was accidentally shot and seriously injured by team leader, Buck Spivey. Now, this morning, I terminated Sergeant Spivey. Today, I am assigning command of this unit to Sergeant Harrelson. - Deacon was up next. - Deacon is a good man. You lead, he'll follow. You're under my direct command now. No relationships allowed. I asked Hicks to put Street 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 on the team in my place. Lesson one, Street. Never be in a hurry to die. I can't be here to help him. I'm hoping you will. 20David to Command. We've made entry. We got a meth lab. Gonna need Hazmat. Roger that, 20David. Give me a two! Luca! Two suspects in custody. Steel door. Chris, take it. - Drop it! Drop it! - Want a slug through your dome?! - Down! Get down! Now! - Down! Down! Down! - Put your hands on your back! - Down! Give me your hands! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 20David. Clearing the rest of the house. Right side clear. Left side clear. Runner! Street! Stay down. Always keep your head on a swivel. Glad the rook's on your team. Good job. Good effort. Hondo, your entry was fine. But your team lost cohesion, - and you paid the price. - Sergeant Mumford, when the roles were reversed, you didn't suffer any casualties, so your team wins today's exercise. Thanks, Street. You just lost me a Cnote to Rocker. Never break rank. We move as one. I see a rabbit, I chase it. Cut the lone wolf crap. SWAT's strength is in the pack. You want to be a hot dog, get a job at Pink's. No big deal. It's only life or death, kid. I'm not a practice player. I'm the guy who shows up on game day. Let's go. Judge Thompson, please report to your chambers. Judge Thompson. Primo. Damn. All right, shut your mouth and listen up. There's no time to cut them, so stay close. Anybody who don't keep up gets one in the back of the head and dragged. Got it? Hit it. Stay in there! Move it, move it, move it! You guys got smoked out there. Street's screwup... That on him or Hondo? Kid's new to SWAT. It'll take a second to... get him together. I have my doubts Hondo's the guy to do it. You promoted him. Optics. We had to lower the racial temperature in the city. Now that the situation's cooled down, Hondo's gonna have to prove that he deserves that top spot. Need to see more from Street, fast. You don't have to push me to get tough. I'll get the kid in shape. Or I'll send him packing. What do you think the big boss is talking to Deacon about? Guys. Let's get ready to go. Two dead sheriff deputies, dead civilian, several wounded. The most dangerous is Jesse Ramirez, aka Cuchillo, Spanish for "The Knife." Cuchillo was about to be sentenced to life for murder, sexual assault of underage girls and extortion. He's the brains behind the escape. Busted out by Ramon Reyes, Cuchillo's cousin, longtime partner in mayhem. Disguised himself as a sheriff's deputy. And when Cuchillo escaped, he took three other prisoners with him. Jamal Goines? He's a OneNiner out of Compton. I worked a DEA task force last year that busted Goines for moving kilos of heroin. Look at this future leader of America, Travis Strand. Member of the Nazi Eagle prison gang, doing 15 for the armed robbery of a marijuana dispensary. Danny Wattana. Arrested LAX three days ago on a flight from Thailand smuggling exotic turtles strapped to his legs. Mumford. Your team won today's exercise. You track down Cuchillo and his cousin Reyes and our white pride pal. Hondo, you got the OneNiner and Reptile Man. Guess it's game time. Yeah, try not to get yourself killed. All right, we start with Jamal Goines. While we're hunting him down, start making calls on Wattana. With pleasure. Jess? You know this guy, don't you? Before I made captain and transferred to SWAT, Cuchillo was my last big arrest in Boyle Heights. He terrorized the neighborhood for years, and he's all about vengeance. With him on the loose... Okay, hey, hey, hey. We're going after him now. On your right, feast your eyes on the home of storied screen legend, David Arquette. Sorry, folks, some kind of misunderstanding. Beth Morgan? Officer, I definitely wasn't speeding. Just wanted to have a little chat with you about your boyfriend, Jamal Goines. Will you step out of the car, please? Miss, is there still gonna be time to see Jennifer Lawrence's house? Definitely. You have absolutely no idea where Jennifer Lawrence lives, now, do you? Shh. I need this job. Well, you better start talking to me, then. You ever arrest anyone famous? Only when they deserved it. So, where is he? Well, Jamal didn't call or text me. I mean, you break out of jail, you should call your girl, right? According to the visitor log at Men's Central, you visited Jamal every week for the past three months. And the last time, you got caught smuggling in vape pens. I shouldn't have done that. But the restrictions in there are totally ridiculous. - Where you from, Beth? - Duluth. What's a nice gal out of Minnesota doing with a bad boy like Goines? Don't tell me opposites attract. We met at this club. Jamal knew this agent who owed him money, said he'd set me up with a few auditions. Been having trouble getting producers to see me as a leading lady, you know? Come on now, Beth. You just wanted to have some fun, right? Maybe piss off your parents a little bit? You do know this chump is only using you. And, look, I need to know, if not to you, where would he go? Little Red. They grew up together. And Jamal and Red are usually up to no good. Maybe I should get your number, in case I see anything illegal while I'm in town. Sure. You spot anything suspicious, definitely hit me up. Seriously? Now, listen up, Beth. Stay away from him. All right, ladies and gents, we're gonna let you off with a warning today. Tell Miss Lawrence I said hi. Thank you. There you go. So, where is it? Paid a coyote to take us south tonight. Isn't that twisted? We don't leave tonight. Two pieces of business first. Casper. You're getting so tall. What's wrong, Mama? Nothing, baby. Miss Jessica is just here to... check up on us. Is Cuchillo coming back? Cuchillo won't hurt you, or your sister or your mother. That's a promise. Well, we got eyes on Little Red, but no sign of Jamal. Maybe that was him on the phone. Or he could just be keeping out of sight. Well, we bust in and Jamal's not there, we blow our one lead. Little Red, he'll take us to him eventually. What do you think, Chris? Do you remember that suspect in KTown? We scoped his place for three days, and the whole time, he was hiding under the mattress with a box of protein bars and a piss jar. But, hey, I'll take the overtime. They pay us to sit on our asses or to grab up bad guys? We don't know he's inside. We don't know he isn't. Every minute we're sitting here is a minute we're not chasing the other three fugitives. I say we wait. We're going in. Let us in and I won't ask you how you got the nickname Little Red. Since y'all made the trip. Go. All clear. Vape pens and about a year's supply of hash oil. I got a medical card for that. Yeah? What you suffering from? You know, police brutality. You tell us where he is, we walk out of here, never met you. All right, yeah, J called me. We're supposed to link up later on, so I can drive him to Vegas. - Where you supposed to meet him? - Wasn't set, man. Said I should call him once I got the pipes and a car. Make that call. On speaker. Yo, Red, what's the news? Yeah, man. I got the car. The police are here! Toss the cell! Don't come near me! That was cold, Red. Do what you got to do. Hands behind your head. So, you arrested someone who isn't on the fugitive list? He was supposed to get us to Jamal, but instead he tipped him off. I screwed up. Deacon tried to warn me, but seeing him huddled up with Hicks like that this morning, I don't know, it just... maybe it's got me making moves I shouldn't. Stick to your list, and I'll keep Hicks off your back. I read Cuchillo's file. You convinced a woman to testify against him. Sofia Jememez. Single mom. She stood up in court against him when no one else would. I promised I'd keep her and her children safe. And Hicks won't sign off on extra protection. All right, I'll swing by and check in on her. That a personal favor or a professional one? Professional. I mean, I don't really know what our personal relationship is these days. I'm your boss now. Being together could cost us our jobs. Jess, it's a stupid department policy. - It's dangerous. - Right. I'd really hate to find myself doing something dangerous. Any leads on the Lizard King? Travels back and forth from Thailand every month, so we alerted TSA in case he tries swiping his passport. Yeah, and the only permanent address the guy had the last few years is a garage in North Hollywood. We talked to the manager; He's gonna text me if Turtle Man shows up. And we got the dirt on Street. - Street. - Yo? Grab the GPS unit out of Black Betty, will you? What? 'Cause of this morning? I'm the errand boy now? Something like that. Okay, on the plus side, Street was a kickass copper down in Long Beach. He has tons of righteous busts. On the flip side, dude's racked up an inch worth of disciplinary charges, and he's been transferred between units. Doesn't play well with others. He told me his mom's in prison. You find out why? Yeah. She's doing 25 to life for killing his old man. I mean, after a dozen domestic abuse calls to 911, Street's mom popped his dad twice in the chest with his own gun. Guess who the arresting officer was. Buck Spivey. Yeah. Street was 12 when it went down. After that, he got passed around the foster care system. Explains a few things. Yeah. Dealt a tough hand. But that doesn't mean he gets a free ride with SWAT. When Buck got fired, he handpicked Street to take his place. I get we're not feeling the kid just yet, but... we all owe Buck. So, before we go pulling the ripcord on Street, let's try to make him better. What, we headed out? Mr. Master Race thought he'd rob a check cashing place and throw some shots at us. He was a little slow. His aim was worse. Scoop up any of your guys yet, Hondo? Not yet. Guess it's onezero. Isn't even halftime yet. Look, no hands. Too easy. How many times I got to tell you? Keep your head on a swivel. We're not gonna let Cuchillo or his cousin hurt you or your kids. Casper, baby, come here. The day after I saw him kill my neighbor... this is how I found Casper. A message from Cuchillo not to talk. I never regretted testifying, until right now. Ma'am. When I was a kid, I had to walk past this high roller every day on the way to school. He was always messing with me, wanting me to slang dope. Now, I just wanted to change schools, but my mother, she was not having it. She stepped right up to him and got in his face. Told him to keep away from me and my friends or she would have every cop in the 77th Division knowing his name. He never bothered me again. You had a brave mother. And so do your kids. If people like you don't take risks, more people will get hurt. I'm gonna have two of my team detail to watch over you and your family until we catch him. You can't spare two officers. We'll manage. Hicks won't sign off on this. Sometimes following the rules and doing what's right isn't always the same thing. If you were brave enough to stand up to Cuchillo, the LAPD's gonna stand up for you. Thank you. You here 'cause of Cuchillo? There's a reward. So if he's hiding in your bunk bed, you let us know. Chris, Street. You're gonna park here, look after Sofia and her kids. Babysitting? Sofia put Cuchillo behind bars. He might come after her. All right. I'd love to haul his ass in just to see Mumford and Rocker's faces. Me and Street in close quarters? You hoping I'll kill him? I'm hoping you can get him to realize this team is a family and right now he's the black sheep. I'll do what I can. Yo, Hondo. The manager of the garage texted. Guess who just showed up. SWAT! Hands where we can see them! I swear I was gonna turn myself in. Hell no. But they haven't been fed in a week. Tan, call Animal Control. Luca, get that thing off of him. What? Why me? I don't mess with snakes. Go. He gets two medium rats, and the turtles need a very specific diet. I'lll'll write it down for you. So about this tension neither one of us wants to talk about. Look, it's got to suck to get passed over for a job that you deserve. But right or wrong, that's how it played out, man. Hicks made his decision. He named you team leader; I'll honor that. You wanted to sit on Little Red longer, and I should've listened to you. I wanted to prove that I knew better, and... that's my bad; I'm sorry. I appreciate that. You know, Buck used to take all our ideas into consideration. Yeah, he did. I got my own thoughts, Deac, but I am curious. If you were team leader, how would you track down Jamal now? Well, we still got Little Red in custody. Yeah. I'd take a second run at him. With what? Absolutely nothing. Time to head back to Corcoran, Little Red. Behind an obstruction charge? Please. What's that? A 30day spa vacation in County? Let's not forget aiding and abetting. It's kind of sad, if you ask me. I mean, come on, man. Three years just so you could buy Jamal three extra hours of freedom. What are you saying? We snatched Jamal up an hour ago, so that little warning you gave him on the phone was all for nothing. Except buying you a felony charge. Think I'm gonna fall for the "we got your partner in the next room" trick? You want to hear how we did it? Jamal's tour bus girlfriend tells us he was owed a debt from a big heroin deal that happened right before he got arrested. Red, I'm from South L.A. I know every dope spot, trap house, crooked corner store spinning down there. Wasn't really that hard to find him. Just a damn shame he tried shooting his way out. Lot of collateral damage. We hit him, he hit a few of his friends. Man, your boy has bad aim. They're all at St. Francis's Trauma Center as we speak. If he gets out of surgery, he's facing multiple life sentences. - Who else got shot? - Why do you care? You got your own problems now, player. JJust tell me. Did Donna get shot? Donna. Donna Shaw. That's your halfsister? Says here, she signed her name on over half a dozen bail bonds contracts for you. Man, she must love you. Is that who you're so worried about? Donna's my blood, man. Just tell me she all right. Donna put up a club on Western as collateral for bail once. - Which means she owns it. - Maybe Jamal goes there to get - the money he's owed. - Or he's hiding outat the place. Either way, that's a good bet that's where we find him. Wait a minute. I didn't say nothing about Donna's place. You telling me there was no shooting? Jamal's still out there? You just said you weren't gonna fall for the "partner in the next room" trick. We had to go with something else. We're gonna drop in on Jamal and Donna, make sure they're both fine. Now, that's cold. 20David to Command. We have Jamal Goines in custody. Great. All the action's out there. We're here parked on our asses. Been watching you swiping. What are you on, Tinder? No, that's played out. I'm on a few new ones. Bumble, Happn, Hinge, Coffee meets Bagel. Covering your bases. I'm actually on Bumble. I know. I saw your profile. You love The Smiths, free weights and German shepherds. And kudos on that selfie, by the way. That sports bra showed just enough without seeming skanky. You, swiping right on me? Deleting my profile. Hey, um... when Hondo sent me to fetch that GPS unit, felt like it was to get me out of the room. Anything I should know about? Luca's got a friend in Long Beach PD. We got your jacket. What was your favorite part? We found the file on your mom. Sorry you had to go through that. Foster care all those years. How'd you get through that? What's with this kid? Man, Cuchillo ever gonna show up or what? Cuchillo... is coming here? Hey. Casper, right? You know Cuchillo? If he's dumb enough to show up here, he's in for a big surprise, believe me. You know, your mom... she's... she's really scared. That means you got to be the man of the house, keep her calm. A long time ago, police officer gave me this watch. His name's Buck. He met me when I was really scared. I want you to have it. Here. Now, Buck taught me something called "equal breathing." You see the second hand here? So, I want you to breathe in, take deep breaths in, in through your nose, and make 'em last for a count of four seconds. Then you exhale for a count of four. Then you do the same thing, but for a count of six seconds. The goal is to try to hit eight seconds in and eight seconds out. And once you're there, you're in a calm place. Think you can do that? I'll try. What? I thought you had the OneNiner in custody? We do. He's in the trunk. We picked him up at Little Red's halfsister's club. Tried to bring him in the oldfashioned way, but he started kicking out windows. Yeah, dude's hopped up on something nasty. He put up a wicked big fight. Yeah. He got in a good shot on Tan. Trust me, it was either kill him or put him in the trunk and come up with a plan B. You sure he's okay? One way to find out. Hey, Jamal, we're gonna let you out of there, but I'm telling you, you better come out peacefully. Man. Everybody back up. Back up. Go. Okay, let's go, big boy. So, you get Cuchillo and his cousin yet? We're closer. That means you're nowhere. Looks like it's twoone. Hey. What's your plan to get Cuchillo? I got my team filling the gaps in Boyle Heights where Mumford and his boys aren't. Tracking everyone he and his cousin know and everywhere they like to go. If they have any brains, they'll be halfway - to Jalisco by now. - Come on, Jess. You know criminals. Brains aren't a requirement. Your famous gumbo? I miss your gumbo. Whenever you want some, you just got to say the word. This batch is for Sofia and her kids. I have no idea how long they're gonna be locked up with Chris and Street, so... figured the least I could do is cook for 'em all. Something's bothering you. Hicks said something that I've been trying to figure out. What's that? He asked me to speed up the evaluations from the training exercise this morning. So? So, it's unusual. The only reason to do it is to create a fast paper trail on someone. What, Street? We'll get the kid in line before Hicks can move on him. I don't think it's about Street. You think he's coming after me. Man, how'd this turn into a dogwalking gig? You don't like dogs? No, I like petting 'em. I just don't really like cleaning up after 'em. Well, you don't get one without the other. You got to put in the work to get the reward, just like SWAT. Is that what we're talking about? No, we're talkingabout family. Caring about the person next to you enough to put in the work to doing things right. Is this why Hondo put us together? So you could teach me a lesson? To help you clean up your mess. SWAT is a family. And if you don't start treating it like it, Hondo's gonna have to bust you down to patrol. I'll be fine. I'm used to people turning their backs on me anyway. You're up. God. Who says SWAT isn't glamorous? - That was luck. - Wow. Well, here's some food to get you all through the day. See that baby cholo? He's been cruising the block all night. Now he's got a knife. Maybe doing recon for Cuchillo. Yo, kid. Come talk to me for a second. Nice ride. I got one just like this. I use mine to chop onions. What you cooking? Nothing. Then why are you doing drivebys? Cuchillo send you to keep eyes on this place? Nah. I see Cuchillo, I'm gonna cut him, like he cut my dad. What'd he do to your pops? Sliced his finger off for scratching his car. So what? You see Cuchillo, you gonna take care of him yourself, is that it? Don't see anybody else doing it. You hear anything from anyone in the neighborhood? Where he might be, where he might've gone? Nah. Everyone's hiding from him. My cousin Ariel... My uncle's kept her home from school till they catch him. I've been doing circles around her place, too. Ariel? What's Cuchillo want with her? To be her first. Ariel just turned 16. He's been obsessed with her for a while. Told my uncle he was gonna marry her someday. Show me where Ariel lives. You thought you were gonna keep us apart? Never. Not you, not jail, not the cops. She's not yours. Because she doesn't know me yet! Because you kept her away from me. I put guards in the ground for her. Please. If you stop hurting him, I'll go with you. Baby girl, I just want his blessing. She doesn't want you. I'll let her know what she wants. Under the stars. Daddy. Help me! Where is he?! Where is he?! He took her. All right, all right. I got you, I got you. I need deep breaths. You hear me? Give me deep breaths. Slow, deep breaths. 20David to Command. I got a 187 suspect. He's driving a red Chevy pickup, plate number Mary43252. I repeat, Mary43252. He's headed northbound from my location. Be advised, he has a kidnap victim inside. You're gonna be all right. Talk to me. Do you have any idea where he's taking her? He talked about a cabin. He said you can see the sky clear from there. Honda to Deac. Honda to Deac. You there? Yeah. What's up? I need you to check something out for me. Ran down the addresses of all of. Cuchillo's associates and family members. His aunt, Estrella Ramirez, owned a cabin out in Sunland for 20 years. Seems Estrella had a breakdown a couple years back and now resides at a psych hospital in Bakersfield. - She still own the cabin? - Yeah. Unoccupied. Well, it's something, and time's ticking. All right, grab Deacon. - Let's gear up. - Let's go. Deac, what do you know about Hondo planting SWAT team members on a witness instead of keeping them fluid? Look, whatever this is with you and Hondo, I don't want to be in the middle of it. Well, you are in the middle of it. I'm thinking maybe you'd make a better team captain. You want to knock Hondo down a peg? Do it without me. Fugitive alert for Jesse "Cuchillo" Ramirez. SWAT teams en route to SunlandTujunga. Sunland, great. Nowhere near here. You know, most of us consider it a good day when we don't get shot at. He's not usually a barker. It's Reyes, Cuchillo's cousin. Come on, come on, come on! - Wait, go. Guys, come on. - Come on, come on, come on. What's happening? It's okay. It's okay. Just get in and stay down. Is he here? Just get in and stay down. Is he here? Hey, I want you to watch the hand and count your breaths. Four, six, eight. Remember? Shh, shh. Shh. We're good. Well, it's definitely Estrella Ramirez's cabin. And that's the girl's father's stolen truck. All right. Check out the three side. - Let me know what you see. - Okay. Shots fired! Shots fired! Take cover! 50David to Command. Suspect is barricaded inside, armed with fullyauto. Be advised, suspect has position of advantage. No way around. Windows are covered. No clear shot without putting the girl at risk. Everyone okay? ¿Está bien? They saved us. 30David to Command. We're taking shots here. We've located Cuchillo, but he's got the high ground on us. This is Hondo to Deac. Hold it down. I'm on my way. What do you need? We're under serious fire here. No, please, don't. Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh. It's just you and me, baby girl. We're gonna see some stars before we die. Any day now, Hondo. I'm here! Getting into position now. Deac, get him to show his face. Give me some cover, but be careful of the girl. Suspect still has hostage. I have no clear shot. I also have no shot. Girl's in the way. Hondo, tell me you got something. Suspect down. All teams, move in. All teams. Help me! - Suspect down! Suspect down! - Give me a two! Give me a two! Left side clear! Right side's clear! All clear! All clear! Hondo. Hostage is safe. Let's go home. I give you that shot ten more times, how many you make? Retiring, one for one. All right. Just got off the phone with the mayor. She sends her thanks and congratulations. Good job. Team effort. Absolutely. Hey. Like Buck always said, "A notch on our belts is a notch the bad guys don't have on theirs." But let's not go patting ourselves on the backs too hard? Tomorrow's another day. I'll see you then. Hey, Street, one last thing. Head on a swivel, oldtimer. - Big date tonight? - Yeah. Girl from the tour bus. Last night in town before she goes back to Ohio. Cancel it. - Cancel? - Yup. This is a sure thing. No, you're coming with me instead. You think that you can match her offer, I'm all ears. I'm gonna show you what a real family dinner's like. My cousin owns a food truck that puts the best fried chicken tacos ever. My Aunt Helena and Uncle Sarzo are coming, and I always bring them lotto scratchers. But you... get to give it to them tonight. We just have to act real disappointed when they lose. Look... I don't think so, but thank you. Let's go. Hondo's orders. They're all kind of amazing, and I haven't even told you about my niece yet. You'll see. Come on. I get a say in this? Do I need to call 911 and tell them there's an intruder in my house? You gave me a key, remember? Gave up on you using it. Following the rules and doing what's right isn't always the same thing. No, it's not. No one can ever find out about us, especially Hicks. Roger that. Are you ready for all that? - Synced and corrected by martythecrazy - - www.addic7ed.com - 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 