Daniel Deronda: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Daniel Deronda 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Daniel Deronda (2002): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 After Daniel meets his mother in Genoa and learns the circumstances of his birth and childhood, the Grandcourts have serious trouble while small boat sailing. Ultimately, Daniel makes decisions on a marriage and his life. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I have had word from your mother, dear. After all these years, she has decided at last that she wishes to see you. CONTESSA: To my son, Daniel Deronda. My good friend Sir Hugo would've told you that I wished to see you. Please come to the hotel d'Inghilterra in Genoa and wait for me there. I will join you as soon as I can, Contessa Maria Alcharisi. My mother is a Contessa. That, and much more. I always thought she must've been very poor. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Why did she give me up? She will tell you, dear. It should come from her. And... My father? Are you my father? No. [SNIFFLES] Perhaps I was wrong, Dan, to undertake what I did, but it was all she would let me do for her. She was the love of my life, you see. The love of your life... ...isn't always the one you marry. I would have done anything for her. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Anything. You understand me? Perhaps I liked it a little too well, having you to myself. [CHUCKLES] But if I've caused you any pain which could have been avoided... ...I hope you will forgive me. No. You have never caused me any pain. You have been the best of fathers to me. And you have been the best of sons. GWENDOLEN: Dear Mr Deronda, please come and see me on Wednesday between five and six. I would be most grateful, Gwendolen Grandcourt. [CLOCK CHIMES] Are you not going to the club this afternoon? [SIGHS] It's a bore. But I suppose I may as well. I shan't be more than a couple of hours. [DOOR OPENS] Mr Deronda, madam. [DOOR CLOSES] It is so good of you to come without asking why. Now you're here, I don't know where to start. You think I am ignorant, and I am. So what could I do but appeal to you? -Only sorry I'm of so little use to you. -Don't say that. You are the only... I wanted to tell you I've been trying to be a better person... ...to be less selfish. But I can't change anything. I hate almost everybody. I hate myself. If you knew what my life was like with him. Do I seem thoroughly corrupted to you? Perhaps if he understood how unhappy you are... Of course he knows I'm unhappy. He takes pleasure in it. -You deserve better than that. -Do I? Some people would say I'd got exactly what I deserve. -You should never think that. -Then what can I do? I think of leaving him, but if I did that, I would be alone, without friends. No. Your true friends would not desert you. But I know what it's like... The life of a woman who has left her husband. I don't think I would be strong enough, unless there was someone... Do you understand? You must. If you feel you don't want anything more to do with me, then please say so and put me out of my misery. Will you stand by me? Help me. Of course I will. We can't talk much longer. Will you come back tomorrow? I can't. I'm leaving for Genoa almost at once. My mother has sent for me. Your mother? When you return, then? [FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING] Goodbye. Goodbye. GRANDCOURT: You're a fool, Gwendolen, if you expect anything from that quarter. He's not for you. We're two of a kind, you and I. I thought you would have learned that by now. I've decided to take a little holiday. The yachts at Marseilles are ready to sail. I think I'd better get you away from London for a bit? But what about our party on the 4th? -You know I've engaged... -You'll cancel it, of course. I'll have no argument about this, Gwendolen. Gwendolen. -Very well. -Good. That's settled. We shall leave tomorrow. CONTESSA: To my son, Daniel Deronda, my good friend Sir Hugo'll have told you that I wish to see you. Please come to the hotel d'Inghilterra in Genoa and wait for me there. I will join you as soon as I can. Signor Deronda. CONTESSA: I am ready to receive you. Contessa Maria Alcharisi. Well... You are a beautiful creature. I thought you would be. Come here. Yes. I am your mother. But of course you can have no love for me. I have thought of you more than anyone in the world. I'm not as you thought I would be... Am I? No. I used to think you might be suffering. I used to wish I could be a comfort to you. I am suffering. But not at this moment. And I didn't send for you to comfort me. Come. Sit down. Now... I'm not foolish enough to imagine that you could love a mother who gave you away, but I chose something better for you than being with me. I didn't deprive you of anything worth having. Your love. Wasn't that worth having? No. I didn't have much love to give you. I didn't want to be hampered with... ...other lives. I was a singer, a great singer, an artist, do you understand? I didn't want a child. I was forced into marrying your father, forced by my father's wishes and commands. But it turned out to be the best way of getting freedom. I could rule my husband, but I couldn't rule my father, you see. And I had a right to be free. I had a right to live the life that was in me. We all have that right. And the bondage I hated most. I wanted to keep you from it if I could. What better could the most loving mother have done? I released you from the bondage of having been born a Jew. Then I am a Jew? My father was a Jew? And you are a Jewess? Yes. I'm glad of it. Why do you say that you're glad? You're an English gentleman. I secured you that. How could you decide my birthright for me? I chose for you what I would have chosen for myself. How could I know that you would love what I hated? Oh, forgive me. You're not well. It will pass. Mother. Take comfort. Isn't it possible I could be near you often and comfort you? No. Not possible. I'm tired now. Will you come to me again tomorrow? If you don't hate me too much. [CHURCH BELLS TOLLING] [HAWKER SHOUTING] [WOMAN SPEAKING ITALIAN] I suppose this is all your doing. I don't know what you're talking about. This is why you wanted to put in at Genoa. You knew Deronda would be here. And what if I did? [MAN SPEAKS ITALIAN] I thought we might do a bit of small boat sailing for a couple of days, something I can manage alone with you at the tiller. It'll pass the time. I'd rather not, if you don't mind. Gwendolen. Let us understand each other. I know very well what all this nonsense means. What nonsense? I don't know what you're talking about. If you suppose I'm going to let you make a fool of me, just dismiss that notion from your mind. Let's go, then. [DOOR CLOSES] CONTESSA: Oh, the reasons for one's actions. Every woman's supposed to be the same, or be a monster. But I never felt quite what I was supposed to feel. But to give up your own child, to renounce your own family... You couldn't. You're not a woman. You could never imagine what it is to have a man's force of genius in you and suffer the slavery of being a girl. This is all you're wanted for. A daughter, a wife, a mother, something for the man. [BREATHES HEAVILY] Your father was different... All lovingness and affection. He died when you were very young. I was just coming into the height of my fame then. The name Maria Alcharisi was spoken everywhere... Europe, America. When your father died, I resolved I would have no more ties except ties I could easily free myself from. Naturally, I was sought after by many men. Sir Hugo was one of those who wished to marry me. He was madly in love with me. One day I asked him, "Is there a man in the world capable of doing something for love of me, "and expecting nothing in return?" He said, "What is it you want done?" I said, "Take my boy "and bring him up as an Englishman, "and let him never know anything about his parents." You were 2 years old, and you were sitting on his foot. He adored you, of course. So that is what I did. I'm not ashamed that I did it. -It was the better for you. -Was it? Was it truly? Then why have you undone the secrecy now? I think it's this illness, and thinking about what is to come. What do I know of life... ...and death? And what my father called "right", may be laying hold of me. I cannot go into this darkness without satisfying him. Nor could I... ...I found, without seeing you again. So what will you do now? Make yourself just like your grandfather? No. But I do want to identify with our people. I want to find some task I can put my whole heart into. I know. You're in love... ...with a Jewess, aren't you? Even if I were, that's beside the point. I know better. Yes, you're in love. Of course. She draws you after her, as I drew your father after me. Is she beautiful? Yes. [CONTESSA CHUCKLES] She is a singer, like you. I wonder how it would have been if I had kept you with me? I expect you would have turned your heart to the old things, against mine, and we should have quarrelled. I think my affection might have lasted through our quarrelling. Perhaps. But I'm not a loving woman, Daniel. It is a talent, to love. I lacked it. And I know very well what love makes of men and women. It is subjection. I was never willingly subject to any man. Men have been subject to me. I'm dying, Daniel. We shan't see each other again. If I had my time to live over... I would do the same. Can you forgive me? [MEN SHOUTING IN ITALIAN] -What's happened? -It's the English... Dead. Drowned. No, it's the Lady. [MAN SPEAKS IN FRENCH] MAN: Oh, my God, she's dead! She's dead! DANIEL: Gwendolen? Please, please. Scusi. Make way. -[WOMAN GASPS] -MAN: She's moving! Thank God! I know this Lady. Bear her up to the hotel there. Make way. Careful. How is she? She's not injured, but shocked, yes, shocked and distressed. -You are signor Deronda? -Yes. Please go in. She wants to see you. GWENDOLEN: You came! It's done. He is dead. Please, please. You must rest. How much do you know? Nothing at all, except there was a boating accident. I didn't know you were coming to Genoa. A boating accident? Is that what they're saying? Yes. What else? If I tell you what happened, you won't say that I ought to tell the world, that I ought to be disgraced? I couldn't do it. I couldn't bear it. I couldn't have my mother know. Know what? If I tell you that I am guilty, a murderess, would you forsake me? -But it was an accident. -Please. Let me tell you. His face, Daniel. His dead face. GWENDOLEN: When I was a child, I used to fancy sailing away from the people I didn't like. And now the opposite had come to me. Take it. I was trapped in a boat with him. And that's what my life had become. I think I'll smoke a cigar. You shan't mind. I began to pray for him to die I fancied impossible things. I was afraid of our being drowned together. I was afraid to die myself. [WIND WHOOSHING] [GASPS] [SCREAMS] [GASPS] The rope! Throw the rope! Throw the rope! Help me! Help me! Throw the rope! [SCREAMS] [GASPS] [SHRIEKING] [DISTANT SHOUTING] GWENDOLEN: That's what happened. His face, Daniel. His dead face. If he could swim, it must've been that he was seized with cramp. I could have saved him. You hesitated, that was all. That isn't murder. And you won't make me tell anyone else? No. There's no injury that could be righted in that way. And you won't hate me for what I've done? No, I shan't hate you. And you won't forsake me? No. GWENDOLEN: I wanted to tell you. I wanted you to know me utterly, no one else. Would you recognise me, I wonder, if you met me now? Would you think, that was the girl I saw at the casino? Yes. Yes, of course I would. I shall never forget that moment. And do you wish that you'd never see me? Never. But we've changed since then though, haven't we? You and I. [PIANO PLAYING] Have you seen the paper? [STOPS PLAYING PIANO] Mallinger Grandcourt's dead. Drowned. Boating accident at Genoa. Oh, that's terrible. Well, I doubt he'll be much missed, and certainly not by our friend Dan, or his duchess. They'll be free to marry now. What's the matter? How can you speak like that? So callously? The poor man is dead. Who are you to say how people feel? [DOOR CLOSES] Daniel! Mirah's gone. Gone? -What do you mean, gone? Where? -We don't know. Welcome home, Dan. She said she couldn't bear it... To see Hans suffering all the pain of love when she couldn't return it. -I think she was upset about something else, too. -What? I think you know, Dan. I think I know where to find her. HANS: Avoiding me, Dan? [SICKLY LAUGHTER] Don't ever try and shift a bout of melancholy with three pipes of opium. Doesn't work. -I'm sorry, Hans. -Yes. So you damn well should be. I've dreamt of nothing but Mirah since the first day that I met her. I gladly have converted for her. But it's no good. It's all right for you. You've got your duchess. -Hans, you don't understand. -Oh, I do. I've seen you with her. And I've seen you with Mirah. -You've deceived us all. -Hans, that's ridiculous. I'm in no mood for games. I can't bring myself to tell you what you don't seem to know. What? That Mirah's jealous of the duchess. Why do you think that is? Because she's in love with you. -Ezra. -Mr Deronda, Sir! I was wondering how I could get word to you, and here you are! How did you know you should come? I don't understand. I've just returned from Italy. I thought I might find Miss Lapidoth here. Then you haven't heard. Mordecai is very ill, Sir. [MORDECAI COUGHING] [COUGHS VIOLENTLY] Mordecai. I came to tell you, you were right. You knew me better than I knew myself. I am a Jew. We have the same people. I knew it. Don't be sad. I am happy to die. Now we shan't be separated by life or by death, and you will do what I dreamt of doing. [SPEAKS HEBREW] It seems so hard, Daniel... That I've only just found him again, -and now he's... -Mirah. Let me share this sorrow. Let me share all your sorrows... And all your joys. I can speak freely now. At last, now I know who I am. I love you, Mirah. Say... Say you will promise to be my wife. Say it now. You mean it? Truly? It's me that you want? I have spent my life in doubt and confusion, but now I realise... It was always your voice that I heard. Could you love me, Mirah? Sir Hugo said to tell you he's in the library, Sir. Thank you. So, now you know your mother. -Yes. -How was she? How did she seem to you? She told me she was dying. But, at the same time, she seemed more alive, more powerfully present than anyone I've ever known. Yes. That was how she always seemed to me. She... Extraordinary business, the accident. I could hardly believe my ears. I never had much time for Grandcourt, but I wouldn't have wished that end for him. No. But I suppose it leaves your way free to Mrs Grandcourt now, if you care to take it. I don't. I've asked miss Lapidoth to marry me. The devil you have! Is this some sort of perverse response to what you've learned from your mother? No Sir. It's something that's been growing inside me for some time, but what I learned from my mother confirmed me, not only in who I am... ...a Jew, and proud to be a Jew... But what I should do with my life... Work for my people... ...in the best way I can find. So, -all my efforts have been in vain. -No. You have given me the best upbringing and education for my new life. You told me yourself you wanted me to aim high, that I had it in me to be a leader of men, and now I believe that I could be that leader. At least I want to try. And I should like to have your blessing for that work, and for my marriage, too. I can't pretend that I'm happy about this, Daniel. Mr Deronda, Sir! I told him. He... Oh, Daniel... He's gone. [HORSE NEIGHS] I wanted to see you, to know that you are well, or recovering. I am better, yes. And your material circumstances now? -Do you have need of anything? -No. My husband left me a small amount. Quite enough to support us here at Offendene. I want for nothing else. I have been trying to be a better daughter, a better sister. You were right. It does help to try to put others before oneself. Rather a novelty for me. My life has changed, too. Changed utterly. I have found my true family. I'm a Jew. But what difference should that make to you and me? I must tell you that I'm going to marry miss Lapidoth. I hope you will be very happy. Happier than I have been. Thank you. I always thought I was the best of gamblers, but now it seems I have lost in every way. So, what will you do now, with your life? I want to travel to the east, find out more about my people, and see if I can help them. So I am forsaken. I said I should be, and I am. You know... All my life, I thought the world revolved around my hopes, my desires. Now I know the world goes on without me, and my hopes, my desires, mean nothing. No, don't say that. Don't be afraid. I mean to live. I am young, after all, and not all bad. I shall be better for having known you. Go now. [MEN SINGING IN HEBREW] [GLASS SHATTERS] GWENDOLEN: Dear Daniel, don't think of me sorrowfully, wherever you may go. You must live out the life that is in you, and I must live out my own. I shall remember your words, every one of them. I shall remember what you believe about me, that I am worth something after all. You've known me more deeply and cared more for me than anyone, and I only thought of myself and made you grieve. You mustn't grieve any more for me. It's better. It shall be better with me because I have known you. Gwendolen Grandcourt. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 