Daniel Deronda: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Daniel Deronda 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Daniel Deronda (2002): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 CROUPIER: Mesdames, messieurs, faites vos jeux. [CROWD MURMURING] MAN: Striking girl, very striking. Don't you think, Vandernoodt? A man might risk hanging for her. Well, a fool might. WOMAN: She's with baroness Langen. Oh, ein deutches madchen. VANDERNOODT: No, no, she's English. And rich? Eh, who knows? VANDERNOODT: Who knows that about anybody these days? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 CROUPIER: Dix-sept noir. Impair et manche. Faites vos jeux, mesdames, messieurs. Les jeux sont fait. Dix-sept noir. Impair et manche. Stop now. Think, you can take your winnings back home to England. CROUPIER: Faites vos jeux, mesdames et messieurs. My dear, what are you doing? Is crazy to play this way! It is the only way. CROUPIER: Les jeux sont fait. -[CROWD GASPS] -CROUPIER: Vingt-huit noir. Pair et passe. Do you know that man? With Sir Hugo Mallinger? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That is Daniel Deronda, his son... Adopted son, I should say. It is assumed that he is Sir Hugo's illegitimate son. Really? You are interested? Possibly. He seems... Not like young men in general. And you don't like young men in general? No, I don't. [WOMAN SINGING OPERA] Well, dear, what do you think of the place? I think it's charming. No one need be ashamed of living here. Well, that's a relief. So clever of you, Uncle, to find it for us. It would do for fallen royalty, it's so romantic. There's certainly nothing to be ashamed of. Come on, let's go inside. Thank you. Old things, as you see, but all quite good. It's perfect. I want to do all the country things, sketching and archery... And I shall have a horse and ride out every day. Well, you're welcome to borrow old Betsy as often as you like. No, Uncle, I mean a proper horse. Something pretty, so you can be proud of me when you see me out on him. But, my dear, we must be aware of the expense. Oh, but I must. It might be managed. She always gets everything she wants! That's because I won't put up with anything less. Come on, let's explore. You're really too kind to us, Harry. Not really. I'm a rational man, Fanny, and I make rational judgements. That girl is worth some expense as an investment. [SINGING IN ITALIAN] By God, she's a beautiful girl. Yes. I'm rather sorry we invited her. She does rather outshine our poor Catherine. -Who is she, exactly? -Gwendolen Harleth. Her mother's Mrs Davilow. The second husband died recently. Not a man of substance or breeding. Now they've washed up here. [SINGING CONTINUES] Rex. Not for you, Rex. -And why shouldn't she be? -Cousins, Rex. Never works. Besides, she needs to capture a fortune. -[CROWD APPLAUDS] -Charming! Charming! REX: Encore! Encore! -Oh, yes, please, Gwendolen. -No, I couldn't possibly. It would be too cruel to a great musician. -How you must despise us, Herr Klesmer. -Not at all. It's always a pleasure to see you sing. Oh, I say, look here. You see what I have to go through, Gwen. Herr Klesmer can hardly tolerate anything we English do in music. I suppose we should be grateful for being told the worst. I daresay I have been very ill-taught as well as having no talent. Yes, you have been very ill-taught. Still, you're not quite without talent. Never mind, Gwen. Coming from him, that's a great compliment. But the music you sing is beneath you... ...no cries of deep, mysterious passion. Well... I'm sure we would all love to hear you play. [PLAYING SONATA IN B MINOR] What right has that damned fellow to insult you? Every right, unfortunately. But it was sweet of you to care, Rex. -Mr Clintock. -I wish you'd sing to us again. That's the style of music for me, I... I can never make anything of this tip-top playing. You prefer the mediocre, then? No, no, not what I... Dash it, you know what I mean! Excuse me, I must go to poor mama. She does not like to stay out too late. [PIANO MUSIC CONTINUES] Imagine being so rich that you could keep one of Europe's leading composers as a family pet. Even though he does snap and snarl rather. Hmm. I don't know why anyone would want such a creature around them. But the Arrowpoints have been very kind to you, Gwendolen. Such a pity they weren't blessed with sons. Such a pity for themselves or for us? But the Clintocks are almost as wealthy. Did you like young Mr Clintock? Oh, he's a fool, mother! Do you know what he told me? He's writing a poem in four cantos about croquet. Oh... Dear. Is that so very bad? I wish I didn't have to be married at all. From what I've seen of it, it seems a very dreary life. So many women allow themselves to be made slaves of. All those children. It's certainly not the fulfilment of my ambition. -WOMAN: Daniel! -No, no, you must come in. Things for you to see. -Daniel! -Daniel! Mother, Dan's here! Oh, come and sing with us, Dan! -MAN: He hasn't come for that. -Oh, Hans! Stay for tea, Dan! Well, what do you think? There's so much life. You've been working hard, Hans. All thanks to you. At the end of term, I'd have had to go out looking for a job without your help. And now I have this chance of studying the great masters in Rome. I have more than I need. What else would I do with it? I won't forget it. And I hope one day I can pay you back. Everything's come clear for me now. I know what I want to do now, Dan. I envy you. What? Your certainty, I suppose. Have you told Sir Hugo yet? No, not yet. Leave Cambridge? But why on earth should you do that? Your tutor says you should get a fellowship. It's not what I want, Sir. I want to find my own way in the world. Oh, and how do you propose to do that? I want to travel. Not the grand tour. I'd like to find out how other people live, understand their philosophies. I just think there has to be much more to life than Eton and Cambridge and studying classics. No, there's no doubt there is. So you don't want to be an English gentleman to the backbone after all? Yes, of course I want to be an English gentleman, Sir. But I want to understand other points of view. Didn't you spend a year or two travelling in Europe when you were younger? One year. The best and the worst year of my life. Hmm. Very well, Dan, suppose we say this... You take a little time off and then join us in the summer at Leubronn. Who knows, you might find what you're looking for there. Thank you, Sir. REX: Good morning. Oh, Rex, what on earth is that you're riding? Oh, Betsy. She tries her best. My father can't afford to keep a hunter for me. Not while I'm off at Oxford. You make me feel quite guilty. -Why? -You must know your father bought Persephone for me. It's not fair, is it? I get everything I want, and you get nothing. -Well, I get the pleasure of seeing you ride. -Well, that's true. Should we go hunting today? Ladies don't hunt, not in this part of the country. Girls' lives are so stupid! We can never do what we like! And what should you like to do? Oh, I don't know, go to the North Pole, ride steeplechases, be a queen in the east. REX: That's Diplow Hall, Sir Hugo Mallinger's place. His nephew Mallinger Grandcourt's taken it for the season. Of course, when Sir Hugo dies, Grandcourt will inherit this and all the rest. He'll be one of the richest men in England. Will he, indeed? Come on, I can hear the hounds. [ALL BARKING] Morning, Gascoigne. How's your father? Very well, thank you, my lord. -Do you know... -Miss Harleth, ain't it? Glad to see you here. We shall have a first-class run. Pity you don't go with us. Ever tried that mare at a ditch? You wouldn't be afraid, I'd wager, eh? Not the least in the world. BRACKENSHAW: Good for you! [BUGLE BLOWING] By jove, here we go! Come on, come on. Gwendolen! Come on! REX: Come on! Gwendolen! [GWENDOLEN LAUGHING] Gwendolen! Come on, Betsy! Come on! Come on, Betsy! Come on! [HORSE NEIGHING] [GROANING] Dislocated shoulder. Oh, dear. Poor you. I wish I'd seen it. [LAUGHING] I shouldn't say that. Is it very painful? Well, yes it is, rather. [LAUGHING] I'm sorry. This is awful of me. I am sorry, really. My father wants me to spend the rest of the vacation in Southampton. I can't really say no. Southampton? What on earth for? Well, I think it's something to do with you. What do you mean? Don't you know? Well, Southampton seems a very stupid place to go to. It will be for me... Because you're not there. That's a very pretty speech. It's not meant to be a pretty speech. Will you mind about my going away? Yes, of course I shall. Everyone is important in this dreary neighbourhood. For God's sake, Gwendolen! Don't treat me as if I... I can't go away... Without telling you I love you... And knowing that you love me, a little, at least. And you do, don't you? Don't touch me, I can't bear it! I don't want to be made love to. Talk about something else or go away. What's the matter? I shall never love anybody. I can't love people. I only hate them! [PIANO MUSIC PLAYING] [MUSIC STOPS] Don't break off for me. A welcome interruption. I had had already as much as I could bear of miss Arrowpoint's playing. Ah, her company, now, different matter entirely. And you wonder why nobody likes you. Come, Gwen, let's leave him to himself. Mama insists I wear a gold dress for the archery contest. I think she means to advertise how rich we are to Mr Grandcourt. Mr Grandcourt. Is he coming, then? Supposedly. -What is he like? -I don't know, I haven't met him yet. How disappointing if he should turn out to be a toad. Disappointing for some. If he turns out not to be a toad, perhaps I shall make him fall in love with me, and then send him packing. What would you say to that? Nothing at all. My affections lie elsewhere. Really? Who? I can't say. You mustn't ask me. It's impossible anyway. MAN: Ladies, when you are ready, you may loose your arrows. [CROWD APPLAUDS] [CROWD APPLAUDS] MAN: Ladies, you may collect your arrows. GASCOIGNE: It's really rather scandalous of you to do so well, Gwendolen, on your first outing. It's not my fault. If I'm to aim, I can't help hitting. Ha! That might be a fatal business for some young man. It's their lookout if they get in the way. I suppose that's what my poor boy Rex did. Yes, I suppose it is. Grandcourt, there you are at last! Miss Harleth, allow me to introduce you to Mr Henleigh Mallinger Grandcourt. -How do you do? -How do you do? Lord Brackenshaw, Mr Gascoigne, would you come and settle a point of difference? BRACKENSHAW: Of course, my dear, what is it? Miss Fenn is claiming a red, but I rather think she has scored a gold. I used to think archery was a great bore. And have you been converted today? Believe I have, yes. In things of this sort, one generally sees people missing and simpering. [GIGGLES] I suppose you're a first-rate shot with a rifle. I've left off shooting. But not hunting, I hear. One must do something. Are you fond of horses? Yes. I never like my life so well as when I am on horseback. I think of nothing. I only feel myself strong and happy. Good. GASCOIGNE: Just missed winning the golden arrow, Gwendolen. Juliet Fenn pipped you on the overall score. I'm glad to hear it. One doesn't wish to carry off the best of everything. Doesn't one. Why not? Well, one doesn't want to make oneself unpopular. Why should you care what these people think? I say, Grandcourt... Yes, Lush, when I'm ready. Miss Harleth. Mr Gascoigne. Who's the other one? Lush? He's Grandcourt's friend. Goes everywhere with him, apparently. He's Grandcourt's creature. Grandcourt doesn't go in for friends. He keeps Lush to do things for him. What sort of things? The things he doesn't care to do himself. He looks... Unpleasant. I don't like him. Mr Lush or Mr Grandcourt? Oh, Mr Lush. Mr Grandcourt rather... Interests me. [WALTZ MUSIC PLAYING] Miss Harleth. Mr Clintock. You don't care to dance? Won't you have the rest of this one with me? I don't care to waltz. Don't care to waltz? Why ever not? It's too... What do you think of miss Arrowpoint's dress? CLINTOCK: All right. Not half as pretty as yours. They say Grandcourt has come here to woo her. Do they? He's not working very hard at it. Ah, these great men... They have their own way of doing things. Miss Harleth. Would you care to dance? I would be very happy to dance the next quadrille with you. Somebody told me that you don't like dancing. True. But, as you see, I make an exception for you. Should I be flattered? You should take it as a matter of course, as I think you do. You understand your power. My power? What power do I have over you? Do you like this sort of thing. Yes. Good. GRANDCOURT: Shall we sit down? GWENDOLEN: Yes, all right. Oh, no. Give it to me, Lush. GWENDOLEN: Thank you. I don't like that man. GRANDCOURT: Few people do. But I find him useful. Miss Harleth, I should like to see more of you. Should you? [DOG BARKING] [WHIMPERING] Shall you call on miss Arrowpoint today? No. Nothing will come of nothing. When a man intends to marry a million... But I'm not going to marry a million, Lush. That's a pity. You know, it could be very useful. Useful to you. Spare your oratory. I know what I'm going to do. What? I'm going to marry the other girl. [DOG YELPING] Turn out that brute, would you? [DOG WHIMPERING] GWENDOLEN: I shall get away from you! GRANDCOURT: I don't think so! How do you like him? Very well. I should like to have a leap with him. Why don't you, then? Not while my mamma's in sight. I think she knows I would take care of you. I should like the right always to take care of you. I'm not sure I want to be taken care of. If I'm going to risk my neck, I'd rather be free to do it my own way. [LAUGHING] So, have you asked her? Not yet. I shall wait till the archery picnic, I think. And you think she'll accept? She's a fool if she doesn't. Forty-three. She has a will of her own, I think. Indeed, she has. She doesn't like you, Lush. My dear, you mustn't be cross, but, um, your Uncle thinks you're leading Mr Grandcourt rather a dance. Yes. Perhaps I am. Has he... Has he made his intentions clear? Oh, yes, I think so. I don't understand. I thought you liked him, dear. So I do... As liking goes. There's less to dislike about him than most men... ...verandas, stables, a tolerable figure, no horrid whiskers. Do be serious for a moment, dear. Am I to understand that you mean to accept him? Oh mama, I wish you'd leave me to myself. Because, if you do mean to accept him, you should leave him in no doubt. Very well. Then I shall. [CROWD APPLAUDS] Do you know how long it is since I last saw you in that dress? No. Three weeks. Do you intend to torment me much longer? No. That would make me sorry. Then would it be possible, perhaps, for us to meet in private? [BUGLE BLOWING] Well... Yes, that is... -Later, then. -Yes, later. [CROWD MURMURING] [BUGLE BLOWING] MAN: I wish you very well. Miss Harleth. Thank you. "Please break from your party at the whispering stones. "You will hear something of great interest." CATHERINE: They look dreadfully ominous, don't they? One imagines all sorts of pagan rites. Human sacrifice. -Oh, don't, Gwendolen. -I'm sorry. I haven't your delicate sensibility, Catherine. High cross this way, ladies. And then to fortress oaks. Don't wait. I'll catch you up. Are you there? Miss Harleth? Yes? I have something to tell you about Mallinger Grandcourt. What? What do you know of him? How do you know my name? Before I tell you, I want your word that you won't tell him or anyone else that you've seen me today. He doesn't know I'm here. Yes. Go on, please. My name is Lydia Glasher. I left my husband for Grandcourt nine years ago. These children are his. Now my husband is dead, Grandcourt should marry me and make my son his heir. You are very beautiful, miss Harleth, and very young. When he first knew me, I was beautiful and young. I'm... I'm very sorry for you... But what can I do? I can't make him marry you! You can promise me you won't stand between him and me, you won't ruin me and my children. How could I ruin you? By marrying him yourself. Then, I shan't. You promise? Yes, I promise. Thank you. [GASPING] Gwendolen, what's the matter? Mr Grandcourt was looking for you. He may look if he likes. I don't wish to be found. Not by him at all events. I intend to join the Langens at Leubronn, mamma. I shall pack as soon as we get home and take the early train. I'll be there almost as soon as they are, we can let them know by telegraph. They were dying for me to join them. Well, I've decided I shall, after all. But why? What will I say to Mr Grandcourt? Don't ask me for a reason. I shall never tell you. I shall never see Mr Grandcourt again. You are interested? Possibly. He seems... Not like young men in general. -You want me to introduce you? -Not tonight. Tomorrow... Perhaps. -Fraulein Harleth. -Yes. This letter arrived this afternoon. Thank you. No, no, no. It's from my mother. Ah. "My dearest child, I hardly know how to begin. "You must return to England at once. "Your father's old company has collapsed, and we are ruined. "Oh, Gwendolen, when I think that but a few weeks ago we might have been allied "to one of the greatest families in England. "But I will not speak of that..." No, don't, mama. You're wishing to raise money on it to... I want to sell it outright. I'm leaving today and have no plans to return. Dommage. GWENDOLEN: No, no, no, it's just a family thing. Such a nuisance, but there we are. But to travel alone! I insist upon it. I love to travel alone. And you are sure you have enough money for the journey? Absolutely sure, you are too kind. I shall miss you so... And the gaming tables. Fraulein Harleth! A gentleman left this packet for you a few moments ago. Thank you. DANIEL: A stranger who has found miss Harleth's necklace returns it to her with the hope that you will not again risk the loss of it. CROUPIER: Faites vos jeux, mesdames, messieurs. Grandcourt! I thought you were at Diplow. Lush. Good afternoon, Sir Hugo, Deronda. SIR HUGO: What in the world brings you here? Same sort of thing as you, I daresay. But this travelling's a damned, stupid, tedious business. You're not here for the sake of play, then? Some people can't get enough of it. That gambling beauty of yours, Dan, for one. Have you seen any more of her? -She's gone. -A real English beauty. Harleth... was that her name? She was here with the Langens. But they've gone, you say. -Where? -The Langens are still here. Miss Harleth has gone. It's possible that you know her. I believe she lives not far from Diplow. Yes, I know her. The rooms are ready now, are they? Yes, Sir. So sorry for the delay, Sir. Then why do you keep us standing here, man? Of course, Sir. This way. He's come here after her. He's been on the brink of marrying her, but she shied away. It's well enough she's gone... No money, no family, and dangerous as gunpowder. GRANDCOURT: Lush! Well, that girl must be worth running after if she can get Grandcourt to exert himself. I hope he never finds her. And why is that? Would you like to run after her yourself? You'd easily cut out Grandcourt. A girl of her spirit would certainly think you the finer match of the two. I suppose pedigree and land belong to a fine match. The best horse will win in spite of pedigree, my boy. Never mind, mama, dear. Things will come right. I will do something to make things right. Come now, you must be glad 'cause I am here. Bless you, my darling. Of course I am. So, what is the position, exactly? Well, my dear, the first thing we must do... ...is move away from Offendene. And where are we to go? To Sawyer's cottage. [CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY] That is impossible. I couldn't live in a place like that. You wouldn't see us go to a sad little place like that, would you, Uncle? I shan't submit to it! You may not have to, Gwendolen. I have made inquiries and heard of a very appropriate situation... A bishop's family where there are three daughters. You would live as one of the family and be paid a hundred a year and all found. A governess, you mean? There could be no hardships in a bishop's family, dear. Excuse me, mama, but there are hardships everywhere for a governess. What an honour! To be looked down on and patronized by a bishop's family! I have some ornaments, and I could sell them. They would make a sum. I'd rather emigrate than be a governess! Gwendolen, this is pointless! Thank you. I wanted to consult you, herr Klesmer. We have lost all our fortune, and I must find a way to make my own living, if I can. And I thought, if you thought I could, that I should like to be a singer. I see. I know I have been badly taught. And, of course, I should need to study more. You are, pardon me, you are... 20 years old? Do you think I am too old to begin? Yes, of course. But it is not so much that. If you are prepared to work very hard, then in four or five years, something might be achieved. [GASPS] As long as that? Forgive me. You are a beautiful young lady in polite society. You're seeking to enter a different world now, where no allowances are made. People would no longer pretend not to see your blunders. Have you ever seen a young woman booed off the stage? Please understand me. I don't say you are without talent, not at all. But talent such as yours is commonplace, an acceptable minimum. You ask my opinion, here it is. Even if you work very hard, you must not expect to achieve any more than mediocrity. I see. Thank you. But if you wish to undergo the journey, then I salute you as a fellow artist, and I will do everything I can to help you. How could you help me? I couldn't even afford to take lessons from you. I would forego the fee for my fiancée's friend. Catherine is very fond of you, you know. You're engaged to Catherine Arrowpoint? -But you're... -A Jew... And a foreigner. Yes. Her family aren't happy about it. But she loves me, you see. Well? Were you satisfied with the interview? Satisfied? Oh, yes. Am I not to know anything now, Gwendolen? There's really nothing to tell now, mama. I had a mistaken idea about something I could do. Herr Klesmer has undeceived me, that is all. Don't look and speak to me that way, my dear, I can't bear it! [SOBBING] Mama. It's useless to cry and waste our strength over what can't be altered. You will live at Sawyer's cottage, and I am going to the bishop's daughters. We mustn't give way. I dread giving way. You must help me to bear it. Yes, what is it, damn you? Come in or go away. I can't speak into the garden. [DOG GROWLS] Writing to miss Harleth? What's that to you if I am? If she accepts you, there's no going back, you know. Yes, I do know that, Lush. And? You know the family have lost every penny. And, in point of money, you're strapped for cash yourself until Sir Hugo dies. It would be... It's impossible that you can care much about her. You'll be encumbering yourself and getting nothing for it. I know you don't care for her much, Lush, and I know she cares for you even less. But if you think I give a damn for your feelings, you're most stupendously mistaken. Have you any idea why she ran away before? You have, apparently. [CHUCKLES] I understand she saw Lydia Glasher in Cardell Chase and heard the whole story. And what follows? If you propose to her now, and she accepts you, knowing what she knows, is that the sort of woman you, or anyone, would want to marry? All right, Lush, that will be all. "Mr Grandcourt presents his compliments to miss Harleth "and begs to know whether he may be permitted "to call at Offendene tomorrow after 2:00 and to see her alone." You don't like Mr Grandcourt any more, do you, Gwen? Must one endure this? Be quiet, Bertha, there's a good dear. I think it must be answered, darling. -The servant is waiting. -Well, let him wait, mother. That's what servants are for. If you don't feel able to decide... I must decide. If Mr Grandcourt has only just returned from Leubronn... I wonder whether he has heard of our misfortune. That could make no difference to a man in his position. It would to some men. No, if Mr Grandcourt has heard, I think it a strong proof of his attachment to you. Very well, mother. Tell the man that I shall be at home, and if he makes me an offer, I shall have the pleasure of refusing him. Your stay on the continent was short. I was obliged to come home on account of... Family troubles. Yes, I've heard that. So... How does it stand with us now? What do you mean? I think you know what I mean. Well, should I put it like this... Is there anyone else who stands between us? -I... -Am I to understand that someone else is preferred? No. Could I ask you the same question? Is there anyone who stands between you and me? No. You need have no concerns on that account. I don't think you can know how bad our troubles are, though. We have lost everything. I am fully aware of your situation. -Oh. -You will allow me to relieve you of any anxiety of that kind. You are very generous. I seek to please myself, that's all. Then you consent to be my wife? -I... -Then do you command me to go? Hmm? No. You accept me? You accept me as your husband? Yes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 