Daniel Deronda: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Daniel Deronda 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Daniel Deronda (2002): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 The Grandcourt marriage develops. A critical musician, Herr Klesmer is invited to hear Mirah sing. Daniel finds Mirah's brother Ezra and arranges a meeting. Finally, Sir Hugo Mallinger hands Daniel a letter from his mother. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [SAILORS TALKING] Thank you, sir. Mordecai I was waiting for you. That's extraordinary. I was coming to see the Cohens at the shop, you know. [COUGHING] Yes, rest a while. You said you were waiting for me. How could that be? I didn't send word I was coming this evening. I knew you were coming. I have been waiting for 5 years. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Shall we go? There. That's better. I'm so glad you're here, Daniel. You see, I'm dying. But you have come in time. I'm very glad if I give you comfort and I hope you're wrong about the gravity of your condition. Never mind that. You're here and you know that you've been sent here for a purpose. You've been chosen. Chosen by whom? For what? By God. To be a leader of our people. But don't you remember? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I told you the first time we met. I... I'm not a member of your race. You are not sure of your own origin. I... I... I have never known my mother. I don't know anything about her. But I am convinced that my father is an Englishman. You don't know your own origin. You don't know where you come from. Let me tell you. You are one of us. No. -No. -Think about it. Something brings you to White Chapel. To this shop. To me. Yes, I was making enquiries for... You pick up a book at random, what book is it? The book that will tell you everything you need to know. You see, you have been chosen. You will be my life. You will take the inheritance. You will take the sacred inheritance of the Jew. Daniel, Daniel, look. We're making angels! Daniel, Daniel, look. We're making angels! Daniel, Daniel, look. Ah, there you are. What's that you're reading? The history of the Jews. What on earth are you doing with that? I came across it when I was trying to trace... Miss Lapidoth's family for her. Oh, yes. Your little waif and stray. That's not how I'd describe her. What are you doing with you life these days, Daniel? Not much I suppose. But I've been doing a good deal of reading and thinking and finding out about other lives. Lives very different from ours. -Do you know... -Would you mind if I tell you what I'd like to see you doing? -Not at all. -I'd like to see you engaging in a serious profession. The law perhaps. But not necessary for itself, as a step to greater things. Politics, say. I think you might have a very good career there. You read widely and you think deeply. But it's no good keeping these things to yourself. And you underestimate yourself, Dan. I believe you have the makings of a leader in you. This country needs new ideas. Aim high, Dan. Now you think about that. I will. Of course you can always help your young women in your spare time. Oh, by the way. Do you know that your temptress from Leubronn will be here this evening? Yes. Do you think you will be proof against temptation or should we have to lay our shoot at the mast? I don't think that will be necessary. After all she is another man's wife. Oh, yes. So she is. Well, well. -[MAN LAUGHS] -Hmm. An Interesting girl. Woman, we should say now, I suppose. They say he gave the family diamonds to his mistress, but the new bride made him go and take them back off her. And looking at her you can believe it. Eh? What do you say? [SCOFFS] I should say that was most unlikely. Well, it's true about the mistress. Mrs Glasher. A very fiery woman, they say and she's given him a fine son. Then what right had he to marry this girl? I dare say she knew all about it. A man like that is quite a prize with or without the encumbrances. Well, well. Mr and Mrs Klesmer. So he goes right liberal these days. I never thought to see one of the chosen race here at the abbey. What do you say, Lady Pentreath? Glad to find a little romance still left among us. And after all, it's hardly a misalliance. There's no blood on either side. All the same though, it's a far cry from tying the knot with one of the sons of Shem, wouldn't you say? If there is a misalliance, I'd say it was on Klesmer's side. He'll be remembered and revered long after the rest of us are forgotten, I think. Excuse me. What a strange young man. Why should he take the cares of the world upon his shoulders? I understand he has a little Jewish protege himself. Ah, so that's it. [SINGING OPERA] WOMAN: Mr Deronda, that was delightful. That is the true English baritone for you. Never heard it sound better. No, no. Ask Klesmer if you want the truth. What is your verdict, Mr Klesmer? Middling. That's all I aim for, thank you. Yes, you understand true excellence, I think. But you content yourself with very much less in some things. Music being one of them as you rightly observed. [PLAYING PIANO] Will you not join in the music? I join in it by listening. I am very fond of music. But you're not a musician? I have given a great deal of time to music but I haven't the talent to make it worthwhile. If you're fond of music... I shouldn't have to sing again. You see, I couldn't bear to be middle. To me that's another word for being dull and I have such a dread of dullness. That's why I gamble. And lose. Yes. What's this about your little protege, Mr Deronda? Miss Lapidoth. She is the most wonderful singer. She recently arrived in London and plans to give recitals there and lessons. I am to have her in my drawing room when we go up to town. You will hear her then. Well, to please you, I'll settle on my 9 granddaughters. I hope to convince 8 of them never to sing again except in church. Most girls these days will teach you not to sing in my view. [SINGING OPERA] Do you think you might relent, perhaps? I should like to hear Miss Lapidoth since you admire her so much. Is she as perfect in everything else as in her music? I can't vouch for that exactly. I haven't seen enough of her. She's had an unhappy life. [SCOFFS] Yes, she's borne it all with patience and good humour and true grace and refinement. I have no sympathy with these people who are always doing right. I don't believe in their great sufferings. What is it? What's the matter? I despise myself. I wish you could know everything about my life without my telling you. Are you persuading Mrs Grandcourt to sing for us, Daniel? I can't persuade myself. [SNORING] Well. Am I all together as you like? No. Put on the diamonds. I don't want to wear them. These go much better with this dress. You must see that. Hmm. I wish you'd wear the diamonds. Please excuse me. I prefer the turquoise. What you prefer has nothing to do with it. Take them off and put on the diamonds. Why should I? 'Cause I am your husband and I tell you to. Hmm. [BAND PLAYING] Have you resolved not to dance any more? Yes. Aren't you glad? I'm sure you've danced more than you'd like to already. You could fetch me a glass of water if you want. It's very close in here. Perhaps we should go into the cloisters. Yes, it'll be cooler there. Shall we? No, I don't care to. You go if you like. Deronda will take you. I wore it for you. Do you remember? Of course I remember. And do you still think badly of me? I never thought badly of you. Not then. Not now. I did think you might be throwing your life away. Oh, I wasn't throwing my life away then. That was just a few francs. If you knew what my life is now. And I brought it on myself. I had to do something to help my family. Don't you see? No. That's not true. I married him because I couldn't bear to be a governess. There. Do you despise me now? How could I despise you? You would. If you knew everything. I think I shall be damned for what I've done. No, not you. This place. -Is this where you grew up? -Yes. How wonderful to have spent your childhood here. We were always shifting from place to place. Always dependent on other people. We were never settled. Never secure like you. I've always felt as if I were walking on a high wire. With nothing to save me if I fell. I was lucky to grow up here. But in a way I never really felt I'd belonged. I used to think my real parents would come one day and take me away and tell me it was all a mistake. But I thought... You always seemed so strong. So definite. As if you know exactly who you are and what you want. I don't know how to... I don't know how to endure my life. Tell me what I can do. I'm frightened of everything. I'm frightened of what I might do. Help me, please. I am beginning to think that the only way to be happy is to find something outside ourselves worth caring about and to work for that. Do you mean charity? It's hard to explain. It's about using your unhappiness to help you see other people's pain. You do care something for me. I care very much about you. Then we can see each other again. You will let me come and see you sometimes and talk to you. Gladly, if it will help you. Oh, yes. I'm ready to go now if you are. Mr Deronda will excuse us to Lady Mallinger. Good night. Sit down, would you? Oblige me in future by not indulging your whims like a mad woman in her play. What do you mean? I suppose there is some understanding between you and Deronda about that thing on your wrist. If you have anything to say to him, say it. Don't telegraph it for everyone to see. It's damnably vulgar. You can know all about the necklace. I don't want to know. What I care to know, I shall know without your telling me. But you will oblige me by behaving as becomes my wife and not make a spectacle of yourself. Do you object to my talking to Mr Deronda? I don't care two straws about Deronda or any other conceited hanger-on. You may talk to him as much as you like. But you will understand that you are not to compromise yourself. Behave with dignity. That's all I have to say. Now. Take that thing off your wrist and come over here. No. [CHILDREN YELLING] What a lovely surprise this is, Gwendolen. Well, Mr Grandcourt has gone out so I determined to fill up the time by coming to see you, Mama. There's only one more day's hunting. We should be going up to town next week. Oh, we hoped we might see more of you while you were at Diplow. Yes, so did I. But Mr Grandcourt doesn't care for company much. He says he finds society a confounded bore. One might as well go to one's kennels and talk to one's hounds. -What a funny man. -He wouldn't stop you visiting people and having friends, would he? -And receiving Mama. -Isabelle, dear. Don't. When one is married one must consider one's husband's wishes. He's tamed you, hasn't he? He thinks he has. But I should be allowed to come to you if you were ill, darling. Oh, yes. But you know I am never ill. So, where has Mr Grandcourt gone today? To Gadsmere, I believe. What sort of place is that, Gwen? I don't know. I've never been there. He calls it a dog hodge of a place in a black country. Why does he go there then? He has affairs which take him there I understand. Dog hodge affairs? You mustn't fret about me, Mama. Be happy with the girls. They're better children to you than I have been, you know? No. You've always been good my darling, I remember nothing else. What did I ever do that was good to you except marry Mr Grandcourt? And I shouldn't have done that unless it pleased myself. Oh, God forbid, child. I wouldn't have had you marry for my sake. Now, Mama. You mustn't be cross with me. Mr Grandcourt gives me far more money than I can spend. And you know how I hate charity children and all that. Here's 30 pounds. Let the girls spend it on the little things for themselves. Oh, Gwendolen. You shouldn't. Take it. Bless you, dear. Come along, girls. She's going. [CHILDREN YELLING] GIRL: He's coming! He's coming! He's got ever such big hats on. Artists always have big hats. Artists often have swelled heads. Oh? [LAUGHING] Mr Julius Klesmer, ma'am. Mrs Meyrick. Our friend, Mr Deronda has spoken to me about your young protege, Miss Lapidoth. This is Miss Lapidoth. Ah. [MIRAH SINGING OPERA] Let us shake hands. You are a true musician. -Thank you. -Not for great tasks. No high roofs. I would not advice... I would not further your singing in any larger space than a London drawing room. But you will do well there. And in London that is one of the best careers open. Lessons will follow. Will you come and sing at a private concert I'm organizing for Sir Hugo Mallinger? Yes, I should be grateful to. KLESMER: No reason for gratitude. You're a true musician and you deserve to be heard. Miss Lapidoth, Mrs Meyrick, Mr Meyrick, Deronda, young ladies, I bid you good day. [EXCITED CHATTERING] Thank you. We have been invited to a soiree in Park Lane. Sir Hugo and Lady Mallinger. A musical soiree. Touting for that new little Jewess, no doubt. I suppose your friend Deronda will be there. Since he lives there I imagine it's quite likely. Don't worry. I shan't wear that turquoise necklace that disgusted you so much. I should like you to wear the green satin and the diamonds, of course. Whatever gives you pleasure. [SINGING OPERA] Bravo. You must let me say how much I am obliged to you, Miss Lapidoth. I had heard from Mr Deronda that I should have a great treat in hearing your singing but I was too ignorant to imagine how great. Good of you to say so. I was so nervous, you know. Oh, you shouldn't have been. Will you come sing at Grosvenor Square as well? My husband has no ear at all but I shall be thrilled. We're having a musical evening on the 4th. I do hope you can come. Oh, you are very kind Mrs Grandcourt. I should be honoured. Then it is settled. I shall look forward to it. Well, your little Jewess is very pretty, there's no denying it. Where's her Jewish impudence? She looks as demure as a nun. I can assure you her modest demeanour is quite natural to her. I congratulate you, Mr Deronda. I'm sure she's very grateful. And who is that Van Dyke duchess of beauty? Uh, that's Mrs Grandcourt. Yes, I see now. A man can make himself rather wicked for your Mrs Grandcourt. She's not my Mrs Grandcourt. No? I think she could be, you know? [INDISTINCT CHATTING] Miss Lapidoth seems to be a very happy person. I must say she bears her troubles very well. Yes, she does. There seems to be hardly any need for me to say things when you know everything I'm thinking. So Miss Lapidoth is your good court now and you have forsaken me. No, I have not forsaken you. Thank you. I invited Miss Lapidoth to come and sing at our house. I hope you don't mind. I'd sooner not have Deronda's mistress at Grosvenor Square. His what? Well it's obvious. Any one can see what the relationship is. Only men like you who judge others by themselves. I suppose you take Deronda for a saint. No. Only a little less of a monster than you are. Am I a monster, then? You know what you are. And it's not true about Deronda and Mirah Lapidoth. Yes, it is. I'd prefer it if you didn't come to my bed tonight. You'd prefer that, would you? Well I'm afraid I must disappoint you. Come. Mrs Mallinger Grandcourt. Is Miss Lapidoth at home? MAID: Miss Lapidoth, there's a Mrs Grandcourt to see you in the drawing room. Mrs Grandcourt. Please sit down. I thought... [CLEARS THROAT] I hope you will be able to sing at our house on the 4th. Yes, of course. I thought it was already arranged. There's no problem I hope. No. I just wanted to be sure of you. I thought I might see Mr Deronda here. He comes here very often. To see you. Yes, and Hans, and Mrs Meyrick and the girls. He is very kind. He pays all my expenses, you know. He pays your expenses? -He keeps you. -Yes. But soon I shall be able to keep myself very well. It's not like that you know. Did you think it was? No. I never believed it could be true. But you know how people talk. And you thought it might be true and you came to see if you could find out. I never believed it. Please. I never believed it. I know he cares about you very much. Does he love you? Shouldn't you perhaps ask him that? If you dare to ask it at all. I'm sorry. DANIEL: Mirah. Mrs Grandcourt. Forgive me. Shan't intrude any longer. Good morning. Mrs Grandcourt. Gwendolen. What did she want? I'm not sure I could tell you. She said she wanted to be sure of me. For her musical evening. Yes. I suppose so. [MEN CHATTING] [CHATTER ABRUPTLY STOPS] Ah, there you are. Excuse me. GRANDCOURT: No. Wait. Come in. There is some business about property to be settled. I've told Lush to come and explain it to you. I take it you don't mind. You know very well that I do mind. Some business must be done. If employ Lush you will take it as a matter of course. Not make a fuss. Not toss your head and bite your lips. Do you understand me? Good. I'm going out now. I shall come back in time to go riding if you care to get ready. [LUSH CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY] I... Shall we sit down? This paper contains some information about Mr Grandcourt's will. Say what you have to say. I have to remind you of something which occurred before your engagement to Mr Grandcourt. You met a lady on the day of the archery picnic, if you remember. Mr Grandcourt thinks it only right that his intentions with regard to that lady should be made quite clear to you. Perhaps I should illuminate the material point for you. In the case of there being no son as issue of your marriage with Mr Grandcourt, The little boy you saw in Cardell Chase, his name is Henleigh, will be Mr Grandcourt's heir. Is that all? You may tell Mr Grandcourt that his arrangements are just as I would have wished. MORDECAI: It's this way. Out of my way! We must have our own country after centuries of persecution. We are a people. We must have our own land again or we are nothing. But the feeling of nationality is dying. Nations have revived. And we may even live to see a great outburst of force in the Arabs, who are being inspired by new zeal. We all dream of the promised land but we live here now, Mordecai. Who would go with you? Hmm? -Only a handful. -One handful is a village. Two handfuls is a town. Three a city. We have to start somewhere. -May I speak? -Of course, sir. We are all equal here. I was going to say isn't the way forward through assimilation? Well said, sir. There speaks a liberal Englishman. What kind of Jew is it who has no pride in his own people? Steady on, Mordecai. We are only saying we shouldn't expect too much too soon. Our tragedy is we have no expectations. Don't you see that when we pretend to be what we are not, we lose a bit of our souls? We have to take pride in who we are. Don't you see if all our scattered people could come together we could become a nation, with a voice among the nations of the world and it will come. Be sure of that. You think I'm just a dreamer? I don't know enough to say. Is there anyone who shares your ideas? A few. Small groups in Europe, even in England. Even some who have thrown up everything and gone off to build little settlements in the land of Israel. You see, our people will never be able to fulfil our destiny until we have a land of our own. And for that we need leaders. I dreamt of becoming one of those leaders, Daniel. I was on the point of setting off for the east that fateful day in Trieste. I was about to embark. The ship was at the quay and then the man came. "Ezra! Ezra! Here's a letter for you from England." -You're name is Ezra. -Oh, yes. Yes, that was my given name. It was from my mother with the news that she had been robbed of her little one. My little sister, Daniel. Her father had taken her away and she didn't know where. So of course, I had to turn back and give up my dreams to comfort my poor mother. And that was the beginning of this slow death. We were destitute. That man had left us with his debts. Everything had been seized. I worked two jobs and made myself into this skeleton that you see. But worst for both of us was not knowing what had happened to Mirah. Fearing that she had been reared in evil. Mirah. Did you say Mirah? Yes, that was her name. I prayed for her the night our mother died. And you have never heard of your sister since then? No. Never. Mirah. No, no. Don't feel you must do that. I'm intruding on your privacy. No, please. Stay. You were praying. Yes. Don't you? No. Very rarely I'm afraid. I'm sure some people can live without a faith. I used to think that. Now I'm not so sure. I envy you that. You envy me? Mirah. I have some news for you. Mirah. MALLINGER: Daniel? -You're not going out? -I was. -What is it? -Come up here. I've something to say to you. Come and sit down. I have heard word from your mother, dear. After all these years she's decided at last that she wishes to see you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 