Daniel Deronda: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Daniel Deronda 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Daniel Deronda (2002): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [SINGING IN ITALIAN] [GASPING] [GASPING] Don't be afraid. You're safe now. [GASPING CONTINUES] I heard you singing. Yes. Are you in the theatre? No, I'm not in the theatre. I'll take you to friends of mine. They live near by. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A Lady with daughters. They're very close. Here. I like to listen to the oars. So do I. If you had not come, I should have been dead by now. I hope you will never be sorry that I came. I cannot see how I shall be glad to live. I don't know anyone in this country. You speak English so perfectly. I was born in England, but I'm a Jewess. Do you despise me for it? Why should I? Many Englishmen do. I came back to England to find my mother. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I thought God would guide me, but then I despaired. But now... Now I think I was meant to live. Perhaps I'm going to her. Daniel! What's happened? This is Miss Lapidoth. She's had an accident. She fell into the river, and I thought, as you were near... Of course, of course. Come in, Miss Lapidoth. You're not well, are you? Kate, Mab! Don't worry, Daniel. We'll soon have her warm and dry. [DOOR SHUTS] Oh, you must be freezing! Come sit by the fire. I hope you don't mind. It's a dreadful imposition. After all you've done for Hans? Of course I don't mind. I thought she'd like it better here. Lady Mallinger would have been kind, but Miss Lapidoth might have found it daunting. Of course, I'll pay all her expenses. No, Daniel, we can manage perfectly. Please. I insist. You're too kind to us, Daniel. Well, I'll leave you to look after her. May I come again tomorrow and find out how she is? Yes, of course. DANIEL: Goodbye. The God of our fathers bless you and deliver you from all evil, as you have delivered me. I didn't believe there was any man so good. A letter and a package for you from Diplow. Oh. Thank you. Should you like your breakfast sent up, dear? Please. "Promises to pay a Mrs Davilow £500." [GASPS] GRANDCOURT: "Please do me the honour of wearing this "when you come to Diplow today. "And if you care to look out of the window, "you'll see something I think will please you. "Treat him well." [GIGGLES] Thank you. Come on. I want to see everything. Have you come to see Mirah? Yes, how is she? Much, much better. Did you know she was on the stage? Sarah. My mother was called Sarah. I remember her face. I was seven when my father took me away. But, uh... But why should he do that? I think he thought he could make money out of me. And he had quarrelled with my mother. He wanted to hurt her. How dreadful. It wasn't so bad, you know. At first, it was exciting to live in so many places and to be an artist. My father is a musician, too. And we went all over, New York, Chicago, Hamburg, Vienna. But, by then, he wasn't playing so much, except in the gaming houses. He didn't mean to be unkind, but he pushed me too hard, too soon. You know, I hurt my voice. I was still too young, and he brought me on too fast. Then, when that didn't work, he tried to sell me to a rich friend of his, a count. Good God. I know we should always love our fathers but... I ran away from him then and came here to try to find my family. But I didn't know London was so big. So stupid of me. You think I am strange, wanting to find her after all this time? Not strange at all. I never knew my mother. Would you like to find her? Yes, I would. Then we are alike, after all. Yes, that's the one. Seeing Grandcourt and Lush had me thinking about Diplow again. You don't want him to have it. Nothing I can do about it. He's the heir. It'll go to him with the rest when I die, unless I can buy him out now, you see. I'm thinking it would be the place for Lady Mallinger and the girls when I'm gone. And, of course, there would always be a home for you there, Dan, whenever you needed one. I'm fond of the place. I grew up there. And Grandcourt doesn't need it, the money would be far more use to him. -Are you going to make him an offer? -45,000 pounds. It's a good offer, but he knows I want it, you see. Well, there's nothing for it but to go down to Diplow and try him, though I can't stand the sight of the fellow. -I'll go. -Would you? I'd be very grateful if you would, Dan. I know you don't like him any more than I do. Ah, now, doesn't that pretty gambler that we saw at Leubronn live somewhere nearby? You might call on her while you're there, why not? Hmm? What's that fellow doing here? Mr Deronda on a matter of business... You did remember he was coming? GRANDCOURT: Matter of fact, I didn't. Afternoon, Deronda. Miss Gwendolen Harleth, my fiancee. I understand that you were never introduced at Leubronn. Miss Harleth hardly remembers me, I imagine. GWENDOLEN: I remember you very well. I don't think Mr Deronda liked my gambling. He cast an evil eye on me. I began to lose as soon as he came to look on. GRANDCOURT: Roulette's a bore and so is Leubronn. I certainly found it a bore when I began to lose. You care for play yourself, Deronda? No. And I don't like to see what it does to those who do play. That so? Let's go in, shall we? You go ahead. I want to speak to Mr Deronda, not you. Lush. I want to know why you object to my gambling. I have no right to object to anything you do. But you despise me for gambling. You do, don't you? You as good as said so just now. No, I don't despise you. What, then? What do you think of me? At Leubronn, I thought it was a shame you should lose. And so you thought you had a right to interfere. Why? I didn't like to see you lose, and, even if you had won, there's something revolting about seeking to gain from someone else's losses. But that's how things are. You can't always help it, can you, when you gain from another's loss? But you should help it when you can, don't you think? I think one must gamble. I mean, it's all a gamble, everything... Life. I wish... What? No. It's impossible. Things happen, and they can't be changed. But I wish that we could know each other better. That might not be very easy now. Oh, don't say that. Surely, we could be friends, not enemies, at least. No, certainly not that. Thank you. GRANDCOURT: Deronda. I understand you have some sort of business proposition. Sir Hugo was thinking of the situation of Lady Mallinger and his daughters after his death, and he thought you might wish to realize your capital on Diplow now. "Realize my capital." What a quaint phrase. Sell my birthright, I suppose you mean. This is the house I will inherit, Deronda, do you understand? I am Sir Hugo's heir, not you. Sir Hugo is prepared to go as high as 45,000, but no higher. It's a very good offer. Well. Deronda, I don't discuss money with... You can talk to Lush. My business is with you, not Mr Lush. Do you think this gives me any pleasure? No, I don't suppose it does. Then, may I have your answer? Not ready to give it. My dear? Oh, Daniel, there you are. We were expecting you home earlier. Hi, Daniel. Where have you been? I called at the Meyricks' on my way home. And how is your little Jewess? She's better and better every day. I hope that you'll meet her yourself before too long. Were you thinking of inviting her here, Daniel? Would you object? Well, isn't she some sort of professional entertainer? She's a very remarkable young woman, and she's quite fit to be received anywhere! I'm quite sure she is if you say so, Daniel. Now go and see Sir Hugo. He's waiting for you in the library. Come and play with us after, Daniel. It's past your bedtime now. I think Grandcourt will come 'round in the end. He's a tricky fish to play, though. So tell me, did you see Miss Harleth? Yes. She and Grandcourt are engaged to be married. Are they, be gad? He didn't waste much time, then. I don't like to see them together. I hope you didn't flirt with her too much, Dan. If you make Grandcourt savage, it'll make this Diplow business all the harder to pull off. I don't think you've ever seen me flirt. Oh, haven't I, though? You're always looking tenderly at the women and getting them to tell you their troubles. And then you pretend to be surprised when they come running after you. Even if that were true, which it isn't, I don't think there's much chance of it with Miss Harleth. -Mama. -Hmm? How common is it for men to father children before they are married? Well, of course, it sometimes happens. But why should you think about that now? Mr Deronda was at Diplow today. Apparently, he won't inherit anything at all when Sir Hugo dies. It does seem unfair. Well, life is unfair. But if Mr Deronda is Sir Hugo's son, as everyone understands he is, then I'm sure he'll do something for him. It isn't wrong, is it? To want to be rich and have nice things? Of course not, darling. Even if others should suffer for it? We can't look out for everyone in the world, can we? No, I suppose not. Mama, is it very unpleasant being married? Not if you love your husband, and he loves you, dear. I'm not quite sure I know what love is. Your father made me very happy, Gwen. And Captain Davilow was not a bad man, all considered. Mr Grandcourt seems very gentle and considerate. Yes. Yes, he is. He does everything I tell him to. My wish is his command. There, then. You are a very lucky girl. Yes, I suppose I am. But, then, I deserve the best of everything, don't I? Yes, you do. [PIANO PLAYING] [MIRAH SINGING] [SINGING STOPS] DANIEL: Bravo! That was absolutely lovely. Isn't she wonderful? I think she's the best singer in the world! Oh, come, please! She should go on the stage where everyone could hear her. Nobody wanted me, Kate. But isn't that just a matter of knowing the right people? Couldn't you help her, Daniel? Is that what you would like? Yes. If I could. I must start to earn my living again. Then let me see what I can do. No, I couldn't ask you that... It would be a pleasure. No trouble at all. Will you sing something else for us now? MRS MEYRICK: Oh, yes. Yes, if you like. This is a song my mother used to sing. [SINGING IN HEBREW] No, I'm... I'm sorry. That one's not a good choice. Come and sit down, please. We've tired you out. Thank you. GIRL: Why don't you play something? Think she's all right? It's just that I don't know if my mother is still alive, or my brother. -Their name is Lapidoth? -No, Cohen. Sarah Cohen and Ezra Cohen. My father changed our name when we were in America. How much do you remember of them? Nothing that would help me find them again. But I do remember when I was a little girl, my mother would take me to the synagogue, and she would help me to read and explain things to me. And I remember feeling very warm and safe there, and it comforts me. Do you remember your mother? Not at all. I've always had an image of someone very pure and sweet, and I think of her as being hurt by life, and I've imagined helping her, saving her. But what if she should turn out to be quite different? Sometimes, I think it would be better if I never found out the truth. No, you would love her whatever she was like, and she would love you, I know she would. And you, you'd want to find your family, whatever they were like? Of course. I could never turn my back on my family or my religion. I wonder if I should make some inquiries, but... What if the brother should turn out to be like the father? And is the mother even... I know. I know you're fearful of what you might find. And she's such a dear girl, Dan. MAN: Come on now! Bring it down! [MEN SHOUTING] [MAN CHANTING IN HEBREW] [ALL CHANTING IN HEBREW] [HAWKERS SHOUTING] [SPEAKING HEBREW] [WOMAN HAGGLING] [COUGHS] [GRUNTS] MIRAH: I don't know whether my mother is still alive, or my brother. DANIEL: Their name is Lapidoth? MIRAH: No. Cohen. Sarah Cohen and Ezra Cohen. Can I help you, sir? What is the price of this book? What are you disposed to give for it? Don't you know its value? I know the value, but I don't know the market price. Are you interested in Jewish history? Yes. I'm interested in all kinds of history. But particularly Jewish history? Are you perhaps a member of our race? No, not at all. I'm simply curious, that's all. I beg your pardon. How much for the book? Whatever you like. Good evening, sir. I was just about to close up, but now you're here, we're all at your service. Uh, if it's not too much trouble, I saw some silver clasps in the window. -I'll get them, Ezra. -Mother, mother. See how she wants to do everything for me? I'm her only son, you see, sir. And there's my wife Adelaide, and these are my children, all come to see the fine gentleman. -I hope you don't object, sir. -No, not at all. There we are, sir. Fine work, as you see. How much are we asking, Ezra? Only three guineas. You know silver, sir, I'm sure. You know a bargain when you see one. Um, Mrs Cohen, might I ask, did you... Do you have a daughter as well as a son? Mrs Cohen, I beg your pardon. It's all right, sir. It's all right. So what about these silver clasps? They're very handsome. Could I come back tomorrow? Certainly, but tomorrow's our sabbath. -We should be closing early. -I could be here by 5:00. Will that do? [SPEAKING HEBREW] She says she'll have her sabbath frock on, sir. Oh, a sight not to be missed, I'm sure. Goodbye, Mr Cohen. -Goodbye, sir. -Mrs Cohen. MIRAH: ♪ Meow ♪ Meow ♪ Meow ♪ Mrow ♪ Me... ♪ Me-e-e ♪ No, it's no good. I can't go on if you're going to make me laugh. Meow! No, please, I'll be very good this... Meow! I'll be very good this time, I promise. No more pussy-cat. On my honour. ♪ Meow ♪ Meow ♪ Me-e-ow ♪ There you are, Daniel. Look at this. We hardly thought that Mirah could laugh till Hans came back from Rome. -Hans. -Daniel! -You seem in great force. How was Rome? -Splendid! And it's splendid to be home as well. [FLOURISH] He's been just perfect ever since he came back, apart from his mischief-making. Little mother! Please. Good evening. How are you? I'm well. No need to ask how you are, I think. Oh, Hans has kept us merry all week. I love to hear them all talking together about what they did when they were little. I never had that. No, nor I. No? No, of course. But Mr Hans said yesterday you thought so much of others, you hardly wanted anything for yourself. Oh. Mr Hans said that, did he? Perhaps Mr Hans has no idea what I might want for myself. There, you see, I shall always beat you. Only because you gave me Criterion. But I shall always let you have whatever you like. Shall you? And nothing that I don't like? Because I think I dislike what I don't like more than I like what I like. And what don't you like? I don't like your friend, Mr Lush. I'll get rid of him, then. You don't mind? Whatever makes you happy. No, no. I don't feel like that just now. Well, I can wait. Good evening. I hope I'm not too late. No, no, sir, of course not. I'll get Ezra. Do you want to see my knife? Yes, if you'll show it to me. It's very impressive. Have you got a knife? Would you like to swap? -I'm afraid mine is at home. -Bring it next time. EZRA: Now, then, I see you've made friends. Jacob, call Mordecai while I help the gentleman. Here are the clasps. Three guineas. Should we say three pounds, as we're friends now? That's, uh, very good of you. First-rate workmanship, sir. I got them from Cologne. He was just coming. Mordecai's our lodger, sir. I thought that we would meet again. Perhaps you'd care to share our sabbath meal, sir. We'd be honoured. I wouldn't wish to intrude. No intrusion. A pleasure. You're most welcome. [BABY CRYING] -And what do you call the baby? -Eugenie, after the empress. -We went to see her at the Crystal Palace. -What a crowd! Mother was near squashed flat, weren't you, Mother? But it was worth it, you know, to be there and to see them. Do you know the Emperor is very much like my boy Ezra in the face? Please! It's embarrassing. What's the matter? If it's true, I shouldn't say so? What sort of knife is yours? Shh. [PRAYING IN HEBREW] -Goodnight. -Goodnight. -Thank you again. -MRS COHEN: Thank you for coming. Will you walk with me a little? Then I can show you where you can get a cab. MRS COHEN: Time for bed. Gladly. Do you know what brought you here tonight? I came for the silver clasps I saw yesterday. And that's all? When I came last evening, I asked Mrs Cohen if she had a daughter as well as a son, and it seemed to distress her. Do you know what her trouble is? Nothing to do with you, Mr Deronda. That's not why you were sent here. I wasn't sent here. I came of my own accord. Excuse me, but I believe you were sent here for a purpose, to find me. To find you? Why? What would I have to do with you? You don't begin to guess yet? Well, it will all become clear in time. Goodnight. -Park Lane. -Yes, sir. So... I'm to cut and run, am I? To please your lady love? Are you so much in thrall to her? That's not what it's about, Lush. What is it about, then? The pleasure of mastering a woman who thinks she can master me. And who could master any other man but me, I daresay. Perhaps she's mastered you already. Don't worry, Lush. I shan't cast you off entirely. Just so long as you're out of her sight. Ah. I see. It's like schooling a horse, you see. They don't like it. They don't want to kneel and submit, don't feel natural. You have to jolly them along a bit. Just at first. You can look after things in town and then creep back by and by. Would you like me to go to Gadsmere and break the news to Mrs Glasher? No. No, I'll do that myself. I've been thinking about how we might help you get some engagements. Have you by any chance heard of Julius Klesmer? Julius Klesmer? But of course. I'll be seeing him over Christmas. I thought I might mention you to him, ask his advice. I'd like him to hear you sing. Klesmer? To hear me? -You don't want me to? -Yes! Yes. I must take this chance. Thank you. Mirah... Suppose you were to discover that your lost mother and brother were now very lowly people with no particular distinctions, would you mind very much? Should you want to know them if they were the sort of people society looks down on? Why not? If they had good hearts and they wanted to know me and to welcome me. Wouldn't you feel the same? Well, I don't know. Yes, I believe I would. [DOOR OPENS] Dan! You didn't say you'd call. -I hope you're not trying to give me the slip. -Not at all. So, what do you think of her? Doesn't she look well? Yes, she does, very well. Ah! You must come up and see what I've been doing. And you too, Mirah. No, not me. I'd be embarrassed. Why would she be embarrassed? Have you gone back to painting those classical nudes of yours? Amazons and Sabines and... Oh. She is wonderful to paint, Dan. Just to try to capture that... I don't know what it is that she has. It's fascinating. I can't get enough of her, Dan. As you see. I didn't bring her to this house to work as your unpaid model, Hans. I'm not exploiting her, you know. She's very glad to pose when she's not practising, and she's more than a model to me. Much more. I care more for her than any girl I've ever known. Oh. And does she return your affection? Well, she likes me. I think she feels she would need your permission before she allowed me any more than friendship. I think perhaps I would need that permission, too. It's not right, Hans. Why... Why not? Because she's under your roof, indebted to you, obliged to be grateful. It's all quite wrong. She's far more indebted to you, far more obliged to be grateful to you, isn't she? But I'm not proposing myself as her lover. Are you sure? I've seen you look at her. What are your feelings for her? More to the point, what do you propose to do about them? I don't know, Hans. I trust you'll let me know when you've made up your mind. It is a matter of some concern to me. Oh, come on, Dan, don't glower at me like that. We can still be friends, can't we? HENLEIGH: It's him. Who, my love? You know. You didn't say he was coming. I wasn't sure that he would. You will be good, won't you, Henleigh? You know we depend on him for everything. Hmm? Promise? All right. Mr Grandcourt, ma'am. Good. Ah. It might be as well if the children were sent out. Yes. Go and play in the garden. Go on. It's still warm outside. Go and see if there are any new ducks on the pond. I came to tell you I am to be married to Miss Harleth. No. You've met her, I understand. Don't make this more disagreeable than it need be, Lydia. You and the children will be provided for as usual. You care nothing for me and the children. That's not quite true. Why don't you go? I can see that you're sick of us. You want to get away and be with your Miss Harleth. Don't say things you'll repent of, Lydia. What friend have you besides me? There is one more thing. My diamonds. I want to make an arrangement for them to be delivered to someone. I'm sorry. I never expected you would ever ask for them. I'm sorry. I can see this must be a bore for you. I could take them now, or shall I arrange for Lush to collect them? I will make the arrangement. They will be delivered to her safely. No, that doesn't suit me. Please, allow me this one request! If you... If you present yourself again and make a scene, I will never forgive you. Do you understand? Perfectly. Good. Then, tell me, where will you be going after your wedding? To Ryelands. Thank you. The diamonds will be delivered there. Don't be angry. Come, smoke your cigar. These diamonds, which were given with ardent love to me, I now pass on to you. Thank God you wear it so well darling. Mama! Here I am, Mrs Grandcourt. What else would you have me be? You were ready to die with vexation when you thought I would not be Mrs Grandcourt. Hush, child. How could I help feeling it when I am parting from you? I can bear anything gladly if you are happy. How could I not be? I shall have everything at my beck and call. I shall enjoy everything gloriously, splendid houses and horses... And always loving you better than anybody else in the world. Oh, my sweet child. I shan't be jealous if you love your husband better. I mean, he will expect to be first. Rather a ridiculous expectation. But I don't mean to treat him ill unless he deserves it. [LAUGHS] I wish you were going with me, Mama. These will be our dens. You'll like to be quiet here until dinner, I think. -Yes. -Good. We shall dine early. Till later, then. You can tell the maid to leave everything. -I shan't want her again unless I ring. -Very good, ma'am. Here is a packet just arrived, ma'am. Oh, good. Thank you. LYDIA: "These diamonds, "which were given with ardent love to me, "I now pass on to you. "You have broken your word to me "and chosen to injure me and my children. "You will have your punishment. "You will have your punishment. "The man you have married has a withered heart." I am the grave in which your happiness is buried as well as mine. The wrong you have done me will be your curse. [GWENDOLEN CRYING] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 