Total Bellas: Season 5, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Total Bellas 
 s5e1 - Brave New Bellas - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Total Bellas (2016–…): Season 5, Episode 1 - Brave New Bellas - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ‐ I'm a grown woman. I can make whatever decisions I want in my life. ‐ I love being an independent woman. Every single accomplishment I have, I worked damn hard for it. Let's party! ‐ We are a tag team in everything we do... ‐ Cheers, bitch. ‐ Yas. ‐ As entrepreneurs, as sisters... ‐ Yay! I love it. ‐ Dip! ‐ Yay! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Dip. ‐ Artem, don't. ‐ ‐ We are the exact opposite. He's an introvert. I'm an outrovert. Is that how you say it? I think an outrovert. Extrovert. Hey! ‐ Artem and Nicole are moving in together. ‐ Come on. Gosh, Nicole. ‐ I really like you being a part of this family. Can I open? Oh, my gosh. ‐ It's fine that Birdie comes first. But Daddy comes number four. ‐ I hate to say this, but I don't want another child. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know I could be happier. I know I could have a better marriage. ‐ You think you and Bryan are meant to be? Don't stay because you have children, 'cause it does do more damage than good. ‐ ‐ I want to go to Mexicali, and I wanna see Dad and his family. ‐ Then maybe you need me out of your life. ‐ Mom. ‐ You don't realize how you come across, Brie. ‐ You don't either. ‐ I'm not that man 18 years ago. I'm a whole different man today. ‐ My childhood caused me not to have trust in men. Am I going to be stuck in something that I don't want to be in? ‐ If Artem proposed to you, would you say yes? ‐ Not today. ‐ Do you think you might be pregnant? ‐ Well, I'm three days late. ‐ Are you serious? ‐ Yeah. ‐ I have to show you something. ‐ Twins pregnant at the same time? I'm in shock. ‐ I shock. ‐ Are you shocked? So is Mama. Ooh, Artem. It has been such a whirlwind romance. We have just been caught in this tornado of happiness, paparazzi, media. It's been insane, but so worth it. I have never in my life have had such a passionate connection with someone like this. Even when we hold hands, or we kiss, or we dance, it's constant fireworks 24/7. Everyone says, "You just have this lust thing. "It's not real. It's gonna wear off. You're gonna get sick of him," but I can't wait to prove them wrong. You only hate it because you know it's the real deal. ‐ ‐ Mama, why you hiding here? ‐ Hi, Bird‐Bird. Mommy's trying to pee on a stick. Go see Dada. ‐ Daddy too. ‐ Did you want to come jump on Dada? ‐ ‐ No, Mommy did not go poo‐poo. This past year, Bryan and I have been incredibly busy between moving to Arizona, both of us traveling for work, and my sister and I are doing so much. We have a cosmetic line we're launching. We have a clothing line, our own wine label‐‐ we just started a podcast, and we're still doing events for the WWE. But I promised Bryan that I would give him a second child. ‐ How's it going in there? ‐ You know, pee on my hands, but I think I got enough on the stick. ‐ Why are you peeing on your hands? ‐ I always pee on my hands. It's, like, this little stick. ‐ I feel like it'd be very easy for me to pee on a stick. ‐ Because you have a penis. Imagine having a vagina. ‐ ‐ What are you making? ‐ Russian food. ‐ You know, I've never had Russian food. You're about the only thing I've eaten. ‐ ‐ Oh, I got makeup on your shirt. ‐ It's just a shirt. You want to help me or what? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Let me show you first. Okay. There we go. You can press down. So we're gonna do this. - Yeah. - ‐ ‐ I totally feel like I'm in a relationship that I've always wanted to be in, but I did not think this would happen. They sent me more photos for my house. Look how pretty that looks. I love life now finally with Artem, but I am building a house in Phoenix next door to my sister, so Artem's like this temporary stay. We'll just say it's like a hotel, but I'm not paying. ‐ So what's gonna happen when it's done? I mean, you just gonna, like, bounce to Arizona? ‐ I haven't really thought about that kind of stuff yet. ‐ Brie, you're not pregnant! ‐ What? I pee on the stick. I get to look. ‐ Okay. I'm sorry. ‐ Guess what? ‐ What's that? ‐ If we're doing that now, you get my pee on your face. ‐ Oh, no, no, no‐‐oh. Ew. ‐ All over you. ‐ I'm just gonna take it. ‐ You're taking it? ‐ I'm just gonna take it. ‐ Good for you. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Now I'm really sad. Now another month. ‐ Another month. Brie and I have been trying to get pregnant with baby number two, but so far, no luck. I mean, we're old, so I don't expect it to happen right away, and it took us a couple months to get pregnant with Birdie, so... Bird‐Bird, if you had a sibling, would you want a brother or a sister? ‐ ‐ A little brother? ‐ Daddy wants a boy just to keep his name going. ‐ Oh, not just for that. It'd be nice for me 'cause we don't have any other men. Do you want to be the last Danielson? ‐ I...! ‐ ‐ Yeah? ‐ Yeah, I want to be so big too. ‐ Yeah? ‐ Now Daddy be so big. ‐ Now Daddy's so big! ‐ Yeah! ‐ Do we need to go try to go pee‐pee? ‐ No pee‐pee. Mama go poop. ‐ Yeah, Mama goes poo‐poo a lot, huh? ‐ I was‐‐ ‐ Yay! Mama go poo‐poo! ‐ Yay! Mama go poo‐poo! ‐ Please don't ever lose your accent. It's so sexy. I love when you talk Russian. Why don't you talk Russian to me anymore? How about that? ‐ That's what you just said? "How about that?" ‐ No. ‐ Oh. Would you want to be married in Russia? I mean, I know you've already been married, so I don't know. ‐ ‐ You were married, weren't you? Why are you smiling? ‐ How do you even know that? Were you, like, Googling? ‐ It's okay. I did the same thing. ‐ You were married before? ‐ It is kind of crazy that we both were married before at a young age, right? We have a lot in common, actually. ‐ Like I'm a dancer, and you're a dancer? ‐ Yeah. I am a dancer. ‐ Oh, you are? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Nicole and I met when we were doing "Dancing with the Stars." It definitely felt very comfortable to be around her. It never felt like it was forced. It always felt very natural. ‐ Are you gonna do, like, a lot of sexy dances, like you did for us? I feel like you're gonna get some young, hot chick. ‐ My experience on the show‐‐ it's a place where I can be very creative that gives me purpose. It's been my life for the past ten years, so that's what I breathe, and live, and think about every day. And plus, I got to meet Nicole, so it's‐‐it means a lot. ‐ I know. Just calm down the choreography with your new partner. ‐ ‐ "Dancing with the Stars" veteran Artem Chigvintsev‐‐ ‐ Artem Chigvintsev has been cut. ‐ The dancer will not be returning for this upcoming season. It sucks being cut. I can't really describe how I feel, except for just, lost, really, I think the best way of putting is just lost. Who are you doing this for? ‐ I feel so much pressure to have a second child. There's just so much on my plate right now. ‐ N‐Artem. ‐ Do you feel like you're moving in more on convenience than love? ‐ I'm concerned that you're doing it for the wrong reasons. ‐ Doesn't make sense. ‐ Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. ‐ ‐ So you guys want to do the podcast? ‐ Sure. ‐ Yeah. ‐ What up, everyone? Welcome back to the Bellas podcast. ‐ I just gotta say holy "Dancing with the Stars" drama. ‐ Don't get me started, but actually, get me started, because we have a very special guest today‐‐ my love, Artem, who will be opening up about all that drama. ‐ All right. Here we go. ‐ My sister and I see each other every week to record our podcast. When we get guests on our show we really, like, kind of dive deep on what's going on in their lives, and you know, unfortunately right now, Artem's going through a really hard time, because he got cut from "Dancing with the Stars," which was so shocking to all of us. When I found out, like, I was like‐‐like, it didn't even make sense to me, and so I can only imagine how you feel, but let's hear from you. ‐ I mean, obviously it was a massive shock, and it's weird, you know what? Like, dedicating something for the past ten years. Putting your absolute all, but the show was about making other people's lives so fulfilled, and that is the hardest part. ‐ I mean, it's so difficult, and the anxiety‐‐ I felt his anxiety, but you are insanely talented. I'm not just saying that 'cause I'm your girlfriend, and I'm very excited... ‐ Thank you. ‐ For your next chapter. It's gonna be amazing, and everyone, keep tuning in, because now it's time for some amazing questions. This question is for Nikki. Now that you and Artem are boyfriend and girlfriend, how does he feel that you will be moving to Arizona once your house is built? Our plan is that when I move to Arizona, um, well, I was hoping that maybe, once it's done being built, um, Artem will be coming with me. ‐ Oh, is this, like, an official invite to move into this house? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Sure. ‐ Of course, Artem, I want you to move into my house. I couldn't imagine bedtime without you. ‐ Aww. ‐ Oh, look. - He's giving me a kiss. - ‐ Yes. The answer is yes. ‐ I feel bad for Artem, but it's not like he's a lost puppy who needs rescuing. Like, he's a grown man, and right now, this is my sister going from 0 to 100 within, like, one week. ‐ We should go tour the house. ‐ Ooh, I want to see it. ‐ Yeah. We should all go tour it. I've always wanted my sister to just have a place she can call her own, and not that I don't want her to share it with Artem, but I want her to feel it for herself and feel like, "This is mine." ‐ Okay. ‐ Ooh. ‐ Look at it. ‐ It is, huh? At least that will make you feel at home. ‐ Oh, thanks. ‐ I kind of felt like for a while, I was falling‐‐I was losing a little bit of my independence, which was making me lose myself. And that's why I look at this home, and I just see the career that I've built, the money that I've saved and I finally have something at 35, that's my own that is everything I've built, because every single accomplishment I have‐‐ I worked damn hard for it, and that's what this house represents. Artem, doesn't it make you excited? ‐ I'm very excited. ‐ Wait, the barbecue. ‐ So does it freak you out at all, to think‐‐ I want to make sure Artem can't hear me‐‐ ‐ The door's cracked. ‐ That everything that's happened has, like, forced you guys to, like, move in and, like, just kind of move your relationship forward quick? ‐ But don't you just sometimes think, like, you know, things happen for a reason, and if this is, like, a relationship for the long run, which to me it feels that way, like, it is kind of cool that we do have a blank home that we could build together? I love growing as one. I'm literally with this guy all the time. Like, why wouldn't we just do it together? ‐ I know. I just don't want you to make a mistake. How did it look? ‐ Yeah? ‐ Oh, my gosh. I feel like I haven't ridden a bike in forever. By the way, you know I'm, like, legit riding a bike in wedges. ‐ I know. I told you to wear tennis shoes. ‐ Oh, my gosh. My wedge almost just fell off. ‐ That's why you don't wear heels when you're riding a bike. ‐ Well, sorry we all don't have Chanel sneakers. Let's go up this way. ‐ What I love is having, like, all this media. Like, we're doing, like, Nicole and Brizee, and we're doing‐‐ but you get, like, just a moment to be outside. ‐ It's, like, crazy perfect. You and I have been craving this. ‐ Nicole and I are in New York for a new cosmetic line we're launching, and it's always nice for us to just take breaks in between all the chaos. ‐ Should we just leave our bikes right here? ‐ ‐ This is so nice. Cheers. ‐ Cheers. ‐ I thought this would be kind of cool, to just have a little decompress‐‐ decompression when we're doing all our media and all the crazy stuff. ‐ Yeah, it's been chaos the last couple weeks. ‐ Mm. ‐ There's just so much on my plate right now. You know, just trying for the baby‐‐ It just keeps making me feel like why I haven't gotten pregnant in the last eight months is because there's other stuff that I have to work on before a child comes. ‐ Yeah. I see you, and it's, like, crazy how hard it is, even with Birdie. ‐ It's tough, 'cause I'm one of those‐‐like, I'm a hands‐on mom, but I'm also a career woman, so, like, Birdie travels with me everywhere. ‐ Yeah? I feel so much pressure to have a second child. It's almost like what you're supposed to do, and if you don't do it, then you're weird. And that's what I guess makes it hard is, I love my husband to death, and I would never, in a million years ask him to stop his career, something he loves to do, but it's like, 'cause he's the man, he never once has to ask me, "Is it okay I leave every week to go out of town for my job?" Because it's just assumed. Why don't you give Birdie a sibling? ‐ Me? I'm not in the mood to have a kid. I'm sorry. ‐ As a woman, if we want children, we have to automatically think to our self, "Am I willing to give up my career right now?" And I love having a career. I've been trying to get pregnant for eight months. In Bryan's head, we're gonna have a boy. ‐ Yeah. ‐ And he's gonna keep the Danielson legacy going. ‐ Yeah. That's a lot of pressure for you. ‐ Yeah, like, who are you doing this for? ‐ I don't know. ‐ Do you, at all, think we are moving too fast? Moving in together‐‐if we could pump the brakes a little bit. Do you know what I mean, in that‐‐ ‐ Right. No. I get it. ‐ Did I just ruin it all? Did I just lose the man of my dreams? ‐ N‐Artem. ‐ Fartem. ‐ No. He hates that. ‐ He hates Fartem? ‐ Of course, because he's actually classy and polite, and he doesn't like to talk about farts. ‐ Well, that's 'cause he's dating you. Call him Fartem. ‐ Ew. We don't do that in front of each other. We never have. ‐ You have definitely accidentally farted in front of him. You've called me about it. ‐ One‐‐tooted, and I did it one time. ‐ So, guys, we are here celebrating the launch of your line. Congratulations. ‐ Thank you. I'm gonna have chills. ‐ I know. Me too. ‐ Perfect people to represent a beauty line. ‐ Yes. ‐ I feel so lucky to have my business partner who's my sister. Being the owners of three different businesses, these are all things that I am like, "Yes. This is amazing," but as our family grows, it gets harder and harder to find balance. ‐ Thank you so much for coming. Nikki and Brie have put so much into this new line. ‐ Thank you, guys. I just want to thank you guys all for being here and supporting us. You're truly gonna love the products. We're so proud of them, and we've worked with such amazing women. ‐ One thing that you will take away from our line is very much what Nikki and I stand for, and that's empowerment. That's women supporting women, 'cause we do believe, every morning, when you wake up, instead of looking in the mirror and thinking negative thoughts of yourself, you need to think fierce and positive thoughts of yourself. ‐ Thank you guys all so much. Thank you all. Like, it's so Russian. Lots of red. I like that. Oh, wow. ‐ Wow. This is so amazing. ‐ This is. ‐ Have you guys ever had Russian tea time? ‐ Oh, yeah, Russian wedding. ‐ No. ‐ No. This is a first. ‐ Me too. ‐ Here's to the Russians. ‐ Yes. ‐ Here's to our Russians. ‐ Our Russians. Our sweet Russians. ‐ Sweet, but manly. ‐ Yes. ‐ I feel like you two have always dated the same guys. ‐ I know. ‐ It's a trip. ‐ So funny, of all‐‐ ‐ Always, since high school. Do you think Russians are better in bed than Americans? ‐ I think so. ‐ I agree. ‐ They got the moves. ‐ They do have the moves. ‐ Oh, but how does it make them different? ‐ They become very manly, in the bedroom. Like, right? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Very manly. ‐ Bryan's very manly in the bedroom. ‐ Yeah. ‐ ‐ Do you know how to say "penis" in Russian? ‐ No. How? ‐ Piska. Balls are yaytsa. ‐ Yao‐‐yaytsa? ‐ Yaytsa. ‐ What else do you know in Russian? ‐ Suka. ‐ Suka. ‐ What's that? ‐ Like, and bitch. ‐ Oh. ‐ Is that Russia calling? ‐ Hey. ‐ Hi. ‐ Oh, my God, hi. ‐ Nicole, say a couple of words. ‐ Suka. ‐ I am learning bad Russian words. ‐ Aw. ‐ Okay. "Hello" is "privyet." ‐ "When I meet his mom." ‐ Privyet. ‐ I'll talk to you later. Bye, Artem. - See you. - Bye. Did you guys hear what he said? "Teach her some good words, so when she meets my mom." ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ So cute. ‐ I would be so nervous. I even get nervous sometimes when I talk to him. ‐ Well, you shouldn't, because Artem's moving in with you. ‐ Artem's moving in with you? ‐ Define "moving in." ‐ I don't know. This is the first I heard of it. ‐ Yeah, he's fully gonna live with you. ‐ It is nice when you can have a home, and you could share that with someone. Why are we both paying to be in different places when we kind of can share finances together under one roof? ‐ But do you feel like you're moving in more on convenience than love? I feel like because he got cut from "Dancing with the Stars" is why he's moving in so fast. ‐ But I want to move in with him too. I mean, I spend every night with him. ‐ I am just concerned that you're doing it for, like, maybe the wrong reasons. ‐ I can totally see Nicole, like, when they're in a fight, like, "Oh, yeah? You want to, like, move out tomorrow?" You know, like, throw it in his face. "This is my house!" ‐ You can't help how fast you fall in love with someone. If the connection's there, it's going to be fast. But when I'm constantly hearing everyone telling me that I'm moving too fast, and especially the ones that I love and care about so much, it does kind of mess with your head a bit. ‐ My thing is I don't want you to make decisions based on what's going on in your guys' careers. ‐ Yeah. ‐ That's why I get nervous. ‐ Mm‐hmm. True. ‐ Lady, go. ‐ Right. Dumb‐dumb. ‐ Did you know Artem and Nicole are moving in together? ‐ Come on. Gosh, Nicole. ‐ What's my occupation? Entrepreneur. ‐ Yeah. Do you know how to spell it? ‐ No. ‐ E‐N‐T‐R‐P. ‐ Number of sexual partners you've had in your life. ‐ Questionnaires have come a long way. ‐ ‐ Brie? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Right in here. ‐ Okay. Perfect. ‐ Chair for you. ‐ ‐ Hi! ‐ Oh, my gosh! ‐ How are you? It's so good to see you. ‐ Good to see you too. ‐ How are you guys? ‐ Good. ‐ How can I help you today? ‐ So I've been trying to get pregnant for eight months. ‐ Okay. ‐ And all of the tests say I'm ovulating. ‐ Okay. ‐ I go by the calendars. Bryan and I have been nailing it. ‐ Okay, so periods are monthly? They're coming every month? No trouble there? ‐ No. ‐ So the likelihood of you getting pregnant is there, right? ‐ Right. Are you having a lot of sex? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ I mean, so definitely, in the beginning, I was, like, trying for a boy. ‐ Wait. ‐ ‐ Brianna, that's not how it works. ‐ 50/50 shot, girl. ‐ Right? I mean, the doctor goes, "What?" ‐ Are you trying for the boy? Is Bryan want‐‐ ‐ I know he really wants a boy. ‐ Okay. ‐ So in Bryan's head, we're gonna have a boy. ‐ Yeah. ‐ His name's gonna be Buddy after his dad and he's gonna keep the Danielson legacy going. ‐ Right. Yeah. That's a lot of pressure for you. It's out of your control... ‐ Right. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Which is really hard, in your lifestyle and in what you do. So if you truly want another baby, I would say let all that go, you know? Do it for you, and if you want one baby, that's okay too. ‐ Yeah, like, who are you doing this for? ‐ I don't know. I have a really crazy life, and there's so many times where I think to myself like, "How do I keep up with this?" How do I balance bringing in a second one? Does that mean bringing in another nanny? Does that mean traveling with two kids on my own? But to hear two women who are moms who have multiple kids say it's okay to have one child, I feel relieved, because when I think about myself, and I really sit down, and I ask myself, I don't want a second child. ‐ Just say whatever's gonna work out, we'll make it work. ‐ Just food for thought. ‐ There's a lot of food for thought for me right now. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Why the do we have a 3,000 square foot house if we're just gonna have one kid? When we got married, Brie and I weren't as far apart as we are now on what we wanted. ‐ When you go on the road, there's a lot we both need to think about. ‐ Your food's almost ready, baby. Oh, gosh. Nicole, you won't even believe it. ‐ What? ‐ Josie's in the hospital right now. ‐ With what? ‐ I don't know. Bryan said he had to rush her. ‐ Rush her to the hospital? Why? ‐ 'Cause she had a seizure. ‐ Is it bad? ‐ No idea. ‐ Well, I hope she's okay. ‐ I know. ‐ No way. ‐ Come on, Bryan. Let me know what's going on. ‐ What'd he say? ‐ ‐ Brie? ‐ Oh, my God, Josie. ‐ What's wrong? ‐ She didn't make it. ‐ She didn't make it? ‐ No. They couldn't stop the seizure. It got worse. ‐ Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. ‐ ‐ Josie was our first baby, and, uh, it's hard. Josie's sad that you're leaving too. ‐ I know. ‐ Look at how sad she is. Oh, Jojo. ‐ Oh, Jojo. ‐ Do you like babies? Josie made me feel loved in a way that I don't know if anybody else has ever really made me feel like before. I was grateful for that time. ‐ I just don't understand. ‐ Well, you know, just having her there every day for the last seven years‐‐ I don't know how I'm gonna do this. ‐ I think he's having a hard time Jojo's gone? ‐ Yeah. ‐ I think it's like‐‐ it's my‐‐I don't know. Mom and I were saying, I feel like it's matured him, in a way. Yeah. ‐ Like, he's gone through something, and he's‐‐ ‐ 'Cause she was, like, the mature one. ‐ He's doing, like, facial expressions, like, so different, 'cause of that. ‐ Yeah. It's weird. ‐ It's crazy. ‐ He even looks more mature. ‐ Yeah. ‐ How are you, Bryan? ‐ How are you doing, Bryan? ‐ Oh, it's tough, you know? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Like, I relied on Josie more than I ever knew, until she's gone. ‐ Yeah. ‐ You know what I mean? ‐ Totally. I can see that. ‐ Unless you're a dog person, like, you understand, like, how much your dogs give you. Josie and Bryan were just inseparable, and so going through all this baby stuff and thinking about baby number two, I felt like, "Oh, I'm gonna hurt Bryan," and I am. But it's weird, because now, Josie passes away, and that kills me. And I just keep thinking that, like, "Do I talk to him, or what do I do?" And it's just all confusing because... I just don't want to hit Bryan with two hard things. ‐ It's just been weird. ‐ Yeah. ‐ There's, like, a‐‐ a space, like, physically that just feels empty without her. ‐ ‐ Hey, Mama. ‐ Hey, Mama? ‐ Ooh, are we packing? ‐ There's Mama. ‐ Hi, baby. ‐ Bird‐Bird, is Daddy going on the big plane? ‐ No. ‐ Oh, but Daddy needs these for stretching, sweet girl. ‐ ‐ You know, Bird‐‐ she would see Josie lick my face, and then she just comes up, and‐‐ and she just, "Dada lick?" ‐ I know. She'll lick my face sometimes, and I'm like, "Just only do that to Mama and Dada." ‐ ‐ "No one else please." Are you ready to go back on the road? ‐ No. Not really. ‐ I know. I feel like it's gonna be hard. ‐ It's gonna be really hard. It's, uh... ‐ Oh, my gosh. All the little bite marks from Josie. ‐ I know, and do you want to know what's really sad? So that last picture that I took of her when she was alive, she was in my bag... And then this is her hair. ‐ Oh, I'm so sorry. It's gonna be so hard, sweet face. ‐ I know. I know. ‐ It's just crazy 'cause, since Josie's been gone, like, I think of everything she's done for you and I. Like, Josie's been... Your nurturer. ‐ She was. ‐ I don't know. I just feel like Josie's death has made me realize that there's a lot of things lacking in our marriage that we're not giving to each other, like, things that Josie brought us. ‐ Well, I mean, it's hard, because you have so much going on, and I can't‐‐you know, you‐‐ you can't be everything for me, you know what I mean? One of the great things about Josie is that when I was stressed, when I was depressed, she'd be able to comfort me just by sitting on my chest and just licking my face. ‐ I feel like, as your wife, like, I should be doing those things. I just feel like through all this, like, my eyes have been opened, and... And I hate to say this, but I just realized, like, I don't want another child. ‐ I don't want another child. Like, I just like what we have here. ‐ I feel like it's a little unfair for you to say that right before I'm about to go. And then it's just‐‐like, I'm gonna go sit on a plane for six hours, and‐‐ ‐ I know, but it just, like‐‐ it was heavy on my heart, and I just‐‐I don't know. I just wanted to say it. ‐ Okay. ‐ I know. I'm sorry. I feel horrible. I think it's just‐‐Bryan, we have to start really communicating, in our relationship, of things that make us unhappy, and happy, and the things we both feel we're lacking. ‐ Every time I do, it's just like you just get upset at me, and it's like... ‐ I don't get upset. ‐ I try to just‐‐ I honestly‐‐ I just try to work it out on my own, and‐‐ ‐ But you're not supposed to do that in a marriage. And that's always our issue, is you and I, I don't think, like confrontation, so we just‐‐that's what we do. We work it out on our own, and we just keep coasting. ‐ I wouldn't call it coasting, but... You know, when you're planning for certain things‐‐ I mean, why... Why the do we have a 3,000 square foot house if we're just gonna have one kid? We were fine in our 1,400 square foot house. ‐ But I wasn't fine, and I know you're not fine in this house. And I just feel like then when you go on the road, there's a lot we both need to think about. I just wanted to express to you what was heavy on my heart. ‐ Okay, and that's fair, and you need to be able to do that, but, uh, I need to get going. ‐ It's okay, Win. Oh, damn it. ‐ Hi there. ‐ Hi. How are you? ‐ Good. How are you? Wow, that is hot. Love. ‐ This is exciting. I think it's actually my first time shopping for‐‐ ‐ Lingerie? ‐ Lingerie. ‐ Really? ‐ Yeah. We were at the lingerie shop. I've never been to one, and especially with a female. ‐ Artem? ‐ Yeah? So is this the special place where the guys just sit and watch or what? ‐ Why? Are you getting excited? ‐ I am. ‐ ‐ Yeah, I think it's a great place. ‐ It looks like all boobs. What do you think? You can't even look at my breasts a little bit. They're yours. You can look. ‐ I like it. Yeah. ‐ I don't think I've ever tried on panties like this before. ‐ There's really no panties. ‐ That's easy access. That's what you call it. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Why are you blushing? ‐ I don't know. ‐ You're so cute. ‐ Oh. ‐ Don't you like this? ‐ Well, that is very different. Let me see what it look like when you sit down. ‐ It's cute, huh? ‐ Very. ‐ So I had, uh‐‐ I actually kind of wanted to talk to you about something. ‐ About what? ‐ Do you at all think that we are moving too fast? Like, moving in together‐‐ um, I don't know. ‐ I just get really excited, but then I don't think about the future part of it, you know what I mean? Like, it's like, "Okay. This isn't playing house." You know what I mean? And that‐‐ ‐ Right. No, I get it. ‐ I feel like if Artem understands this, then you know you have a keeper. Like, you know you have someone that you can trust because they should understand, like, all your feelings. And I just feel like there's so much going on in my head that I just need to have‐‐ not this separation, but just this distance of, like, each having our own places. ‐ Wait. Did I just make a big mistake? Like, I just took us backwards instead of forwards, and when you go backwards, like, I don't know. Like, did I just ruin it all? Did I just lose the man of my dreams? I just feel like, if we could pump the brakes a little bit... ‐ If one of us is not ready, then you know, maybe it's... ‐ Do you really feel that way? ‐ I mean, am I feeling like it's too soon? I don't know. ‐ But I feel like it's too soon. ‐ You never know until you try it, I guess. It doesn't feel good because when I agree to something, I really think through that, and I don't want to be in a position where I have to be, "Oh, okay. Well, that's not happening now." It's kind of like‐‐ not playing with feelings, but it's‐‐that's how it felt. ‐ I don't know why‐‐ why we need to rush. I mean, you have a home. It's not like you don't have a home. ‐ Yeah, I know. ‐ You know, and‐‐ ‐ The only reason my home is in L. A. And your home is in Phoenix, and if we're gonna not be together, then it means we're gonna be apart. ‐ But don't you think that could be a true test to a relationship? ‐ The thing is, with Nicole, I always have to take everything with, like‐‐ like a sugar spoon, in a sense. Sometimes, I feel Nicole just says things, because it feels right in the specific moment, but it's not necessarily like she really thought through. She definitely caught me off guard. ‐ I want to know your opinion. Don't just agree with me. I want to know your opinion. ‐ No. I want to respect your decision. Look, if you feel a certain way, and you feel like it's too early, and it's too soon, then I have to respect that. I can't, like, push you and say, "No, it's not." ‐ I don't mean to, like, put a down moment on lingerie shopping, but... ‐ Okay. ‐ Hey, doesn't change my love for you. ‐ No. I get it. Look, you think it's too fast, it's too fast. ‐ From San Francisco, welcome to "SmackDown Live." ‐ You feel disrespected? You think you're right? If you want some respect, fight me right now. ‐ Wow, Daniel Bryan and Erick Rowan. ‐ You gotta admire the guts of Daniel Bryan here. ‐ There's a fine line between bravery and insanity. I think Daniel Bryan just crossed it. ‐ Leaving on a note where Brie and I are in disagreement is really tough, and especially leaving for a long period of time. When we got married, Brie and I weren't as far apart as we are now on what we wanted. We were closer to being the same. ‐ One small opening for Daniel Bryan. The question is, what can he do with it? ‐ So that becomes a difficult thing in a marriage. What happens when you've, uh, taken this oath to love each other for the rest of your life? So from a logical standpoint, where our lives are right now, it makes sense‐‐ from an emotional standpoint, and that's really the definition of loss. ‐ Brianna? ‐ I'm in the guest room. I just don't know what to expect. Is he gonna say like, "Guess what? We're either having a second kid or I'm leaving you." Or maybe it'll be some other decision. I don't know, but I'm really nervous, 'cause I have zero idea what he's thought about, and what he wants in his life, and what he feels like he needs to do moving forward. ‐ So you know, I've had to do a lot of thinking, and one, I'm sorry that I reacted maybe so aggressively when you said that you didn't want a second child. ‐ No, I mean, I'm sorry, because I sprung it on you when you were about to go on, like, a crazy trip. ‐ Yeah, and just‐‐and‐‐ but still, there's no reason to react that way. ‐ It's really crazy when you think about how much, like, Josie just‐‐I don't know. Just how much, like, she kind of left us to think about our lives. ‐ I know. Well, and I think that's one of the things, too, with you not wanting to have a second child that hit me so hard is that, with Josie gone, I feel s‐‐like‐‐ I feel lonely a lot anyways, but Josie helped me feel less lonely. I come in and Josie was always there and wanted to be picked up and wanted to give me kisses. ‐ I miss that. ‐ And, like, with a second child, there's more love to go around for me, and you know... ‐ But it's‐‐ ‐ Just with everything with Josie and all that kind of stuff I was just in a bad mental space‐‐ in a bad space for that kind of thing, but as I was thinking about it, I mean, with how crazy our lives are right now, you're right. I think, like, a second child right now isn't‐‐ not only is it okay for you to feel that way about not wanting a second child. It's actually probably a little more practical, just with, like‐‐ we're barely hanging on right now with just one. ‐ Yeah. Are you sure? ‐ Yeah. Like, how much love are we gonna be able to give Bird if we have a second one with how crazy our lives are? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Especially without Jojo. ‐ I know. Well, I'm happy we're on the same page. It really made me sad thinking you went on the road, like, really mad at me. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I hate it. ‐ Yeah, I get it. But yeah, I was just‐‐ you know, we had the life plan, and then the life plan changes. ‐ ‐ It makes me feel so good. It makes me feel relieved. I feel like this is gonna make our marriage stronger. ‐ Telling Brie‐‐it's‐‐ it's a half truth. ‐ I think, sometimes, when you make a decision, you feel more free, and I feel that right now. I feel more free, because now, together, we have the same decision. ‐ We started here as closer together, and now we've been expanding differently as far as our viewpoints on life. ‐ I don't want a second child. ‐ I am the last male Danielson, and I want a second baby. Yeah. Life is tough. ‐ I love you. ‐ I love you too. ‐ Next on "Total Bellas"... What do you put in your box? ‐ Tools. ‐ Do we need a wrench? ‐ Your hands are a little small for that tool. ‐ Are they good for your tool? ‐ You want me to always be open, so this week, um, Artem, Nicole, and I are gonna go see Dad for dinner. ‐ Hell, no. ‐ Are you excited? ‐ It's been a long time. ‐ There he is. There's no turning back. I am literally face‐to‐face with my father. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 