Total Bellas: Season 5, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Total Bellas 
 s5e6 - Salsa Caliente - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Total Bellas (2016–…): Season 5, Episode 6 - Salsa Caliente - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ‐ We're gonna go to Mexicali to see Dad and his family. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Hola! ‐ Hola! ‐ Reconnecting with my dad, it feels like it's meant to be, which is really nice. ‐ So, this is the icebreaker, 'cause I want you guys coming here more often. ‐ Salud. ‐ Cheers. ‐ Cheers. ‐ You know, I hope he's doing well. Just have your life. ‐ Right. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ‐ I don't need you in mine. ‐ I'm trying to light a fire under your ass. ‐ I think Artem needs to do his own vision the way he does it. Back off. ‐ Do you at all think that we are moving too fast? ‐ It's kinda, like, not playing with feelings, but it's‐‐that's how it felt. If one of us not ready, then, I mean, it's not our time. ‐ We're making a mini tamale. ‐ JJ would've loved this. ‐ He would. ‐ Where is JJ? ‐ I don't know, I feel like he, like, feels like you're a little overbearing. ‐ Me? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ‐ I get what Brie's doing. It's coming from a good place. But she needs to slow down a little bit. ‐ By the way, I'm not here to fight. ‐ What's going on? ‐ I'm, like, two weeks late. ‐ Honestly? ‐ Getting pregnant, what it would do to my life, it would completely change it. ‐ I hope you and Artem are doing really good. ‐ I haven't told him. Artem! ‐ I'm done. I'm going home. ‐ No, why? She can pick up her. ‐ The minute you get my sister into a place where she has to defend herself, game over. What the did I do tonight? I think records are so cool. ‐ Yeah, that was the first gift I ever bought Bryan. ‐ No way. Oh, look, Brie... ‐ What? ‐ "Bird Is Free." ‐ Ooh. I kinda wanna go to the '90s section. ‐ You would. What was the song Dad would always sing? ‐ "El Secreto, Mi Amor." ‐ Oh, my gosh, I would love that. Let's try to find that song. ‐ But who sang that? ‐ Let's look at the Latin music. ‐ I feel like when we were younger, we really understood Spanish. ‐ We can read it, we can understand it, and we can kinda speak it. So, like, I can do, like... Can you talk back to me? ‐ Where's your shirt? ‐ Yeah, I know what you said. ‐ Well, why don't we go listen to a couple CDs and then make a decision? ‐ Um... ‐ I'm thinking either Sandro... ‐ They're called records, not CDs. ‐ Whatever. Oh, yeah, give me this one. That's a good one. Her Spanish is awful. Cállate! ‐ Way to uplift me. ‐ Wait, what's Win eating? ‐ Paper. ‐ Win, you can't eat paper. ‐ I think this one's my favorite. ‐ I think that's my favorite too. ‐ I think it'd be something cool for Birdiebee or any of our brands to kinda showcase. ‐ Oh, my gosh, yeah. ‐ I feel like it's important to bring out Latin side into our companies, into our businesses, because when you're able to show everything you are, you're just connecting more and more to, you know, your audience, to your fans, to your consumers, to everything. ‐ Without Mexico, there'd be no Bella twins. ‐ That's right. ‐ These photos are gorgeous. ‐ After Mexicali, there was just this part of me there that was like, I really haven't just let out that Mexican side, and I really want to. ‐ I agree. ‐ I also feel like we need to invite JJ to come with us to stuff. ‐ Why? He doesn't wanna have anything to do with Dad right now. ‐ He doesn't have to go to Mexicali to reconnect. JJ can reconnect just here in Phoenix with you and I. Because sometimes I feel like, 'cause we have kids, JJ just really kind of needs to get back in touch with his Mexican side. I have been dying to reconnect with my Mexican roots, and I feel like it's really important for JJ to do this for V and Alice. As parents, we do have the responsibility of teaching our young ones about their heritage. ‐ Don't make him feel forced. ‐ Duh. ‐ Really? ‐ You're being very dramatic. ‐ I'm not being dramatic, but I don't want it to turn into a dramatic situation. ‐ Whatever. I need to get my plumas. ‐ You need to what? ‐ Pens? Plumas? ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ If I start to label everything in my office, I feel like I'm gonna have really good Spanish. ‐ I agree, at least for an office. ‐ Mi escritorio. Mi escritorio. ‐ Keep working on that one. ‐ Do you know what a table is? ‐ Le cena. ‐ No. La mesa. ‐ Siri, what is "bitch" in Spanish? ‐ Perra. ‐ Muy perra. Oh, Win, you perro, she's perra. Ooh, look at Pinocchio. By the way, if you ever lie to me, that's what you're going to look like. Artem, gelato. Oh, my God, you're wiping all my makeup off. ‐ It's a busy time. ‐ Yeah, but still it's like, that doesn't mean we can't, like, find time to hang out. Well, I just think we should dedicate some time to each other. ‐ Well, then let's go on a date night. What do you wanna do? Go dancing? ‐ Yeah. Do a little salsa. ‐ Just us. ‐ I'd like that, yeah. ‐ I do feel like lately, I've just been so insanely busy. That's kinda had me disconnected a little bit with our relationship. And so, I just really want us to plan a date night, so we can just work on connecting, because I feel like I've just lately been putting all of my work before him. Ooh, yum. ‐ There you go. ‐ Oh, my God, thank you. ‐ Your two meatballs here. ‐ Yeah. It's quite odd to have someone that close when you're eating, right? ‐ I just can't concentrate. I feel like somebody's literally being a third person over here, listening to our conversation. ‐ Imagine if I pushed my boobs up against the window. ‐ No. I don't really want to imagine. ‐ My cheeks. ‐ No. ‐ I'll do boobs, you do butt cheeks. ‐ No. ‐ Hello. ‐ Hello. ‐ Hello. ‐ You have to show Auntie how you can walk now. ‐ I need to see. ‐ Hey. ‐ Look, Auntie... ‐ Whoa! ‐ We have an official walker on our hands. ‐ That's so crazy. Oh... are you undoing my thing? Oh‐‐ ‐ Hey. ‐ Are you gonna undress... ‐ This is an outfit. ‐ No one wants to see your auntie's chee‐chee's. ‐ What's a chee‐chee? ‐ Boobies. ‐ Is that chee‐chee? ‐ Or what is... ‐ I don't know. ‐ Is chee‐chee's boobies? ‐ I have no idea. ‐ Alice, I can't even believe this. Can you hold my hand? Can we walk? You wanna walk me to your playroom? ‐ We're just gonna sit in your playroom for a second, and then we'll eat. ‐ Your auntie brought you a gift. You're going to love it. ‐ V, wanna go see the gift? ‐ V, I had to get you a gift. ‐ Check it out. ‐ Whoa. Okay. ‐ Whoa, you can be a little mini señorita, a niña señorita. Should we go try it on? Look at you. Show your dada. Look at how cute. Maybe should've got a bigger size, 'cause of her booty. ‐ No, that's like something Nicole would wear. ‐ I think we could probably put some pants on with that. Cute, but‐‐ All of a sudden, you go to Mexico and you're on a Mexican kick now? ‐ Yeah, so? It's who we are. ‐ It's who we are. ‐ It's true. ‐ I know. I don't have to buy people dresses and try to act Mexican. ‐ You look so much like Dad, by the way. He does. Everyone tells me it. They're like, "Holy‐‐ wow, your brother is your dad." I had an amazing time in Mexicali. Kinda reminded me of things from our childhood. I think you need to kinda go revisit all that. ‐ Revisit it? Well, I'm glad you're reconnecting, but it doesn't mean you have to push reconnecting on us. ‐ It just felt good, so I thought you would want to feel the same. You wanna know what else Nicole and I, um‐‐ so, this tamale shop where we can make tamales, it's only, like, 30 minutes away. You should come. ‐ Mm, we'll see, maybe. I get what Brie's doing. Um, you know, it's coming from a good place. Those are things I would love to pass on to my kids, you know, know where they came from, know where their family came from. But she needs to slow down a little bit and respect me and my journey. ‐ I understand the boundaries and all that. I just thought it would bring you a little peace of mind. ‐ You could bring me a piece of Mexico if you want. I don't care about that. ‐ He just doesn't want to talk about his dad. ‐ And don't bring me up to him. ‐ I feel like my brother's pushed his Latin roots aside, because he doesn't have a relationship with my dad, but it's more about the kids. It's fun to be with family and kinda learn something. He needs to put in the effort. There's still a disconnect there. ‐ Okay, you don't have to make that face. I'm just telling you. ‐ By the way, I'm not here to fight. I just was here bearing gifts. ‐ Oh, no. It's very nice that you brought the dresses. ‐ Artem! ‐ I'm done. ‐ No, why? ‐ I'm going home. She can pick up her. ‐ I have had to deal with a man who ran tonight, which is pretty embarrassing. ‐ I mean, you had a lot to say last night. What the did I do? ‐ Nicole! ‐ Yeah? ‐ I mean, it took you forever. ‐ Yeah. Wow. Cheers, bitch. ‐ Thank you. Yas. ‐ Ready for some fun. ‐ Mm‐hmm. Your nippies are hanging out.. I put on a ho dress for, like, "Temptation Island," but maybe I shouldn't have gone with a ho look. ‐ No, it's hot. No, I think it looks great. You don't look ho‐ey. ‐ Brie and I are gonna host the premiere of "Temptation Island." And Brie has a babysitter, so that, as all you moms know... ‐ It's like, yeah. ‐ Is, like, celebration time. ‐ Yeah, we better have a drink. ‐ Yeah. We have glam on, we got pretty dresses on, so, like, we're feeling it. ‐ Yeah, we're feeling it. Uh, you know why I like those high heels, is because they're easy to salsa dance in, and Artem and I have a date night after. ‐ Yeah. ‐ He's gonna come pick me up. ‐ That's awesome. You should be having a date night with me, but whatever. ‐ We're having it right now. ‐ Fine. ‐ So, I get so excited, I totally double‐booked myself, and it's a premiere. Like, I'm already contracted hosting. I can't change it, but the perfect thing is is it's only for a few hours, so I'll do my date night after. Oh, my baby's so excited. He almost gets‐‐it's really cute‐‐like, nervous. ‐ For date night? ‐ No, like, when we go dancing. It's so special to him, you know? It's his passion. ‐ I guess. ‐ So, I just wanna be on my A‐game. That's why I got on my Latin heels. Let's chug these and then get out. ‐ Well, cheers to a fun night. ‐ Yes. Fun night. Are you okay? These are strong. You made them really strong. Hi. Here at the "Temptation Island" premiere. ‐ My sister and I are hosting "Temptation Island" season premiere, and the cool thing about this is that it's a party. We can have some drinks with the people, watch the show. But my sister, towards the end of the premiere, is drunk. ‐ We caught an amazing sunset over here right now. Dream Hotel and him. ‐ She's talking to this guy, and I look over, and in the shadows, there's Artem. I'm happy that there's no cameras, because he's, like, so mad, and all I can think about is, like, "Oh. No. This is going to turn really bad." ‐ The plan was me driving to "Temptation Island," call Nicole, she will come down, jump in the car, and then we'll go for the event. We're on the phone call, and she's saying, "Why don't you come up, say hi?" I'm like, "Okay, cool." I park my car, jump up, and I'm starting to have a conversation with Nicole, and realizing that she's talking to a guy next to her. Like, a conversation back and forth. And then she's saying, like, "Oh, we have to adopt him. "We have to look after him. We have to invite him for dinner." First of all, I don't know the guy. Second of all, my idea of this is getting you out of here, so we can go dancing. I talk to Brie for a second. The drinks keep coming. The guy's not going to leave. Long story short, I left. ‐ They were supposed to go salsa dancing and do their little thing, but of course, Artem is like, "No way, I'm not taking her. Like, she's too drunk." So, guess who has to go be her date for the night. Moi. When we were at "Temptation Island, Artem shows up, and Nicole's like, "Oh, my gosh, you have to meet this guy. "We need to take care of him, Artem. You need to cook for him." ‐ I could tell Artem's starting to get really mad and, like, really irritated, which is funny, because I've never seen him like that. I was like, "Oh, I think he's getting jealous." ‐ Salsa's fun and stuff, but I feel like she's angrily dancing. Like, it's not out of fun. It's, like, out of madness. Artem! ‐ I showed up there just to clear the air. I'm worried, but she just gonna ignore me and continue this conversation with this guy. Like, where does he even come from? ‐ Artem! ‐ I'm done. ‐ No, why? ‐ I'm going home. She can pick up her. I'm done. ‐ It's because, literally‐‐ because we're good friends with him, she didn't wanna say bye. No, Artem... ‐ She can't even acknowledge me being there. ‐ No, because she didn't know. She didn't see you. ‐ Brie, if she wants to be, she'd be running the same way as you are. She's not, so, cool... ‐ No, please... ‐ I'm not‐‐look... ‐ No, please come in, please? Please? ‐ She already said so much to me, that... ‐ No, because‐‐ Artem, look at me... ‐ Even it's like‐‐I didn't even wanna be here. ‐ My sister is very harsh and very outspoken, and it's very hard, but I know how much she loves you. I wouldn't have chased you if I didn't. Okay? Just try to go in there. Okay? Come on. I know she wants you to be here right now. Artem, like, obviously, he wants attention. Of course my sister sees him, but she's so mad, so she just keeps dancing. ‐ I'm just so disappointed. I don't wanna be the guy who just sits around, be like, "Oh, yeah, totally, that's cool." It just really took me by surprise, I guess. ‐ Artem... Artem? Artem... so, it's bad that‐‐no, no, no, that's bad that I'm doing that with someone, but you can do what you do? ‐ No, wait, Nicole... ‐ No, guess what... ‐ Let's just get this right... ‐ No, no, no, no, you can get it right all you want... What did I do wrong tonight? Because, guess what, I ain't going to put up with this at all. So, what is it? ‐ No, but you have to listen to Artem and what he's feeling. ‐ Okay, Artem, let's hear it. What did I do bad to you tonight? ‐ What is the point, Artem? ‐ Oh, really? Because I've had to deal with a man who ran tonight, which is pretty embarrassing. The fact that I'm dealing with this is crazy. ‐ Well, it's part of relationships. ‐ Then maybe I'm not meant to be in it. You were jealous... ‐ Nicole... ‐ And that's what it was. ‐ No, no, please, Artem. ‐ Are we done with this conversation? Because I'm over it. ‐ What did I do wrong tonight? Because, guess what, I ain't going to put up with this at all. So, what is it? ‐ No, but you have to listen to Artem and what he's feeling. ‐ Okay, Artem, let's hear it. What did I do bad to you tonight? ‐ What is the point, Artem? ‐ Oh, really? Because I've had to deal with a man who ran tonight, which is pretty embarrassing. ‐ No, Nicole, listen to him. What the do you want? Tell me. Tell me. What? What? Exactly. So, you. ‐ No, Artem, Artem... ‐ I don't get‐‐no, no, no, no. ‐ Artem, Nicole, wait. ‐ No, because I danced with someone? What the did I do tonight? ‐ Artem, Artem... ‐ Exactly. ‐ Wait... ‐ I do feel it's impossible to talk to Nicole at this point, um, and I think the best for me is to just remove myself from the situation and take a step back. I never wanna hurt person that I love, no matter how I feel. I never wanna do that. ‐ No, I know. ‐ That's just not me. And she's purposely standing there and trying to hurt me. This is not the way a relationship should work. ‐ But you know my sister. ‐ Yes, and I know the side that I really adore and love. This is not the side... ‐ I know. ‐ That I've ever seen before. ‐ But, guess what‐‐ I know. Is she welcome back to your home tonight? ‐ Okay. But I know she'll wanna go home to you tonight. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ Take care of her, okay? ‐ I will. She's gonna be back to you, Artem. I could never imagine ever doing that to Bryan, like, no way, but I feel like the minute you get my sister into a place where she has to defend herself, like, game over. ‐ So, I will sleep in the guest room bed. I don't know if there's going to be an Artem after tonight. ‐ Are you good? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Hello? And the fact that I'm dealing with this is crazy. ‐ Well, it's part of relationships. ‐ Then maybe I'm not meant to be in it. ‐ Maybe not, but that's‐‐ you're gonna deal with stuff all the time. There's a lot more good things to Artem than what happened tonight. ‐ Are you going to stay in bed or are you going to talk? ‐ I'm still trying to figure out what I did wrong tonight. ‐ What? ‐ You came up to me, and then you bounced. ‐ What are you talking about I had no care? ‐ You were jealous, and that's what it was. ‐ No, no, please, Artem. ‐ I am preparing myself to go and do something with you, and then I'm walking in, you not on the first drink, not on the second, not on the third... ‐ I was barely walking? ‐ Yes. But the thing what mattered is going to happen in an hour. Seeing her flirt with another guy definitely didn't make me feel good. We're supposed to have a date night, and she knew how important it was to me. It just felt like that was not her priority, because in the state she was, I'll be quite frank with you, I don't wanna have a date like that. ‐ You didn't like a person I was talking with. You caused a big scene. Obviously, you were embarrassed. ‐ I'm embarrassed of something? You can think again. Are we done with this conversation? Because I'm over it. But if you wanna have a relationship... ‐ You have a little bit of respect... ‐ Respect? ‐ Yes. ‐ Please tell me what respect is. I would love to hear it. ‐ If you wanna have this conversation, you can have a conversation somewhere else. I'm okay. I don't wanna talk about it. ‐ Of course you don't, because you know I'm right. ‐ Yes. No, not because you're right. Because to convince you at this point right now that it's something else, it's absolutely impossible. ‐ No, you can't‐‐ ‐ Nicole, stop. Stop right there. ‐ Stop, because you know I'm right? ‐ We're not going to solve anything now, unless you're really going to try to put your mind to it and say, "Okay, how did I offend you?" And vice versa. But when it's a one‐sided conversation, I just don't wanna have that conversation. I think it's weird to see your girlfriend on a special date paying more attention to other people. It really kinda made me think of, "Are we right for each other? Is this what this relationship is?" Because if it is, then I don't think it's right for both of us. What the did I do? You're acting so ridiculous. Yeah, because you know you're wrong. ‐ Where is JJ? ‐ Brie, I feel like you're, like, the kinda person that would be so annoyed for people to force something on you, so how do you think that J's going to feel? I text really mean. When I woke up this morning and read what I text him... ‐ He might not like you anymore. ‐ We should probably talk about last night. I mean, what is it that you want? I just feel like, bleh. I'm so hungover, it, like, sucks. What are you laughing at? ‐ I'm replaying the night in my head right now. ‐ That's the first time for us getting in an argument like that. ‐ I love it, because the honeymoon stage is over. ‐ The honeymoon stage is not over. ‐ You can only kissy‐face a gazillion times a day for so long. Artem and Nicole had their first fight! I'm so happy. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ Oy vey. You know when, like, something happens and it makes you feel all gross and weird, and you're like, "Can I just pretend like it never happened?" ‐ I know, it's the worst. ‐ Well, then I'm still trying to figure out, "Am I single? Am I in a relationship?" Like, I haven't even talked to him. ‐ You haven't talked to him? ‐ I have not. Artem wasn't home when I woke up. We didn't sleep in the same bed. Artem's actions, like, getting jealous, like, really triggered me, because of my past experiences with the men that I've been with. I think I was in a situation where I knew, like, I had no thoughts or ideas of what he thought, and, like, getting blamed for it and causing drama. But, I don't know, I'm embarrassed. And then I'm also like, "Am I single? "Am I, like, a single, embarrassed girl right now with a really bad hangover?" , Nicole. ‐ I don't know who was in the wrong, but you both... kinda handled the situation completely different, but, like, in your own way, and it wasn't just working. I text really mean, though. I‐‐I‐‐when I woke up this morning and read what I text him... ‐ I saw you texting. I'm like, "What are you texting?" So I grab the phone, and you go, "Wow, you, really?" And I go‐‐and I'm looking, I go, "Nicole, Artem didn't even text you. Like, this sounds like replies." ‐ I was definitely drunk, but you saw me. Like, I got drunk, and, by the way, if I choose to get drunk or not, that's my choice. I accidentally legit got drunk last night. Like, I would never do that at a work event. And then, all of the sudden, he got really weird, and I'm like, like, is it 'cause I was talking to that guy? I don't know. ‐ Maybe. ‐ I do not handle jealousy well. I've been in those relationships, and they never work. I will not be in a relationship where I have to question, "What did I do wrong?" I won't do that. ‐ Okay. ‐ I will not be in a relationship for the rest of my life like that. ‐ Well, then there you go. ‐ Artem acted like I'm, like, giving the guy a lap dance and riding him, when we legit were talking with, like, the Holy Spirit in‐between us. Like... ‐ He might not like you anymore. ‐ That hat looks really good with that outfit. I'm hurting. Hi, guys. ‐ Hi! ‐ Hello. ‐ Trying to put myself together. Excuse the, um, Pedialyte. ‐ She was on a good one last night. ‐ There's nothing like waking up when you're super embarrassed, you know? ‐ So, basically, having you sign off on approvals is a good time right now? Yeah, it's perfect. I'm really happy that I have this Birdiebee meeting right now, so I don't have to think of the Artem drama, but I hate showing up to meetings hungover. Like, I just don't do it. But I need to just suck it up. ‐ We have outerwear that we're introducing ‐ I love this. Oh, my God. ‐ Jesus Christ. ‐ That's your angel saying, "Shame on you." That's really nice. I love that. ‐ I love that. ‐ So, yeah, so... ‐ This is amazing. ‐ It's so incredible. Like, wow. ‐ Yeah. I'm, like, very excited and‐‐ ‐ This is unreal. ‐ All right, well... ‐ All right, guys, well, thank you. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Gosh, that was amazing. ‐ How amazing is this? ‐ So exciting. ‐ So exciting. ‐ Oh, my gosh. I'm so happy you made it. I was really nervous that your hangover was not going to... ‐ I was... ‐ Make you show. ‐ Girl, I hang with the big dogs. Hey, I still gotta work every day, even if I don't feel good. No, but I really do need to talk to Artem. Hey. ‐ Hi. ‐ Where have you been? ‐ Um... had lunch. What about you? ‐ Uh, I had to go to Birdiebee, do a meeting just for a line. We should probably talk about last night. Do you want me to go first? ‐ Sure. ‐ I just feel‐‐I think what made me really angry was, I was having a lot of fun, and then you came in to where‐‐to a job I was hosting... ‐ Mm‐hm. ‐ And then, I felt like you acted‐‐then you started to act really weird, and I'm just gonna say that I think you were jealous, because of the guy I was talking to. And then you're like, "I'm not going dancing with you now." And I'm like, "What the did I do? "Like, I'm hosting‐‐ 'cause I'm sitting and talking to someone?" I feel like if the guy looked different, you would have reacted differently. ‐ I think I would react pretty much to anybody like this, initially. I mean, it did not help the situation, yes, I agree with you, but it just really felt like I was not included when I came, especially it was my intention of being like, "Hey, we're going to have this intimate moment." Salsa was, for me, very meaningful, you know, and I feel like... ‐ For me too. Like, I honestly wasn't planning on, I don't know if it was me getting drunk, like, upset you, but that shouldn't matter anyways. ‐ It does matter to me, because... I'd like to share that moment with you being present and not being, you know, me being completely sober and you're not. ‐ I mean, what is it that you want... like, for me? ‐ Well, like, with us. Like, do you want us‐‐ what‐‐I just‐‐I don't know. ‐ I mean, you had a lot to say last night. Maybe it's the question to you, not to me. ‐ I think last night really affected Artem in a really bad way. To lose Artem over an argument like this would be really hard. It would make me feel like, "Wow, we really weren't meant to be." I do not wanna be pregnant. ‐ This will throw just another curveball into your relationship. ‐ No. ‐ Let's just end the anxiety... ‐ No. ‐ And‐‐it takes one second. Is it that you want... like, for me? ‐ Well, like, with us. Like, do you want us‐‐ what‐‐I just‐‐I don't know. ‐ I mean, you had a lot to say last night. Maybe it's the question to you, not to me. ‐ I know, I think I broke up with you, like, five times last night. ‐ I mean, besides breaking up, I think you said a lot of things that... ‐ Were really mean. I'm sorry. I was really angry. That doesn't make it right or anything. Like, I'm sorry for that. I just don't want what happened last night, like, I don't want, like, that to happen again. ‐ I think just everything kinda like, multiplied everything. That's why I think I reacted a certain way. Yeah, and I take responsibility for it. Waking up next day and realizing some things you wish you never said, she has regrets. It's really heartbreaking, because you kind of can't take it back. I hope we acknowledge that, move forward, and let it be the lesson for us to learn, so that in the future, we can be better people, you know, and respect each other more, and more seeing from each other's point‐of‐view versus just, "Well, that's how I feel in the moment." ‐ I just want you to be my protector, like, especially in situations like that. Like, I'd rather you protect me than freak out at me or leave me. I don't want that for the rest of my life. ‐ I don't want that either. ‐ Well, why don't you come closer? You're so far. So, what do we do next? How do we fix this? ‐ I don't know... ‐ Yeah? ‐ I guess think before we speak. ‐ Yeah. Sorry. I don't wanna lose my A. ‐ I don't wanna lose you either. ‐ I'm so happy that Artem and I could talk through this, work it out, that he could forgive me. We just have a really good foundation of trust, and I don't ever want that to be broken, and I'm just‐‐I'm lucky to have a guy like him. And he's super cute. Aww, Artem... I love you. ‐ I love you. ‐ No more fighting, okay? ‐ Mm‐mm. ‐ Hello. Oh, my gosh, that smells so good. ‐ Wow. ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ I found a tamale shop, where we can make tamales, and I'm like, "Oh, my gosh, this is so perfect." This brings out this whole other side, you know, cooking in our Mexican way. ‐ It's like an assembly line, as you guys can see there. On a daily basis, that's how we're making 5,000 a day. ‐ 5,000? ‐ Yes. ‐ The twins are very excited about this new relationship with their father, and I can understand that. I wasn't always okay with it, but I'm here to support them. ‐ Okay, you guys ready? ‐ Yeah, we're ready. ‐ Yeah. ‐ So, pick out your favorite corn husk. ‐ Okay. ‐ So, smooth it out. ‐ Oh, on the wide side. ‐ Yes. You guys are pros! Yours you wanna smooth out just a little bit. ‐ Come on, Gigi. ‐ And just one spoonful? ‐ Yeah. ‐ A big ol' heaping spoonful. ‐ A little bit more than your spoon. ‐ Oh‐‐ ‐ Oh, okay. Oy! ‐ Mom, that one's horrible. ‐ This is for one of my granddaughter's. We're making a mini tamale. ‐ Did you guys cook with your mom a lot when you were growing up? ‐ Mom, did we cook a lot with you? ‐ No, and now I understand why, because look. ‐ You just add a little more inside of it. ‐ Now that's for grandpa. ‐ That's for grandpa, not for the kids, yeah. ‐ Not for the grandchildren. ‐ JJ would've loved this. ‐ He would. ‐ Where is JJ? ‐ He would've actually really liked to come, but I feel like he's, like, over feeling like‐‐ I don't know, I feel like he, like, feels like you're a little overbearing. ‐ Me? ‐ A little bit. ‐ I just want him to have fun with us and do fun things. ‐ I know, but I feel like he thinks you're, like, kind of pressure us to just do these things. ‐ I feel bad, because it was so annoying that he didn't wanna be here, when my brother would've loved this, and he's missing out on family fun because of me. ‐ I mean, it's like, what are we doing right now? ‐ It's like therapy in a way, all the different things we've been doing... ‐ Therapy for what? ‐ Like, to help him. ‐ Wait, wait, you're having us all do this for JJ? ‐ Well, it was mainly for JJ, yeah. ‐ I think you're, like, the kinda person that would be so annoyed for people to put something on‐‐you know what I mean‐‐ force something on you. ‐ Oh, I for sure would. ‐ So how do you think that J's going to feel? ‐ I know, I just thought this was fun. ‐ Especially something that's super, like, personal. Like, you guys have your own reasoning for deciding to talk to him, where J has reasoning for not wanting to talk to him. I think you have to respect each other. ‐ JJ's doing well. I mean, he's taking care of himself. ‐ I know. Well, now I feel bad. ‐ Don't feel bad. Just change. ‐ But, like, my‐‐ Fine. ‐ How cute is this place? It's such Brie vibes. ‐ So, here's our cocktails. ‐ Ooh, yum. ‐ Yum. ‐ Spicy skinny. ‐ Whoa. ‐ Ooh. ‐ Spicy skinny. ‐ That looks amazing. ‐ And a chili piquin and salt for the rim. Let me know if there's any questions on the food, any recommendations, and we go from there, all right? ‐ Oh, thank you. ‐ Enjoy. ‐ Actually, I feel like‐‐ no, I'll be fine. ‐ What? ‐ I just didn't know if I should be drinking it, because of a certain way I've been feeling. ‐ What's going on? ‐ Well, I've been having cravings. I haven't had my... ‐ Honestly? ‐ I'm, like, two weeks late. ‐ You better‐‐honestly? ‐ Well, I don't wanna be. Were you ever two weeks late? ‐ Just promise me you'll have a boy. ‐ Mom, promise me I have nothing. It's only been about a week since we got into our big argument, and honestly, this is just‐‐ this is way too fast. I have so many things going for me. And right now, to think, getting pregnant, what it would do to my life, it would completely change it. For me, it is, like, so important to make sure that Artem and I have this amazing, solid relationship, and that we are ready to be parents, if that day ever comes. I'm gonna freak. ‐ Let's just not think about it. ‐ Is two weeks late bad? ‐ Well, I hope you and Artem are doing really good, 'cause this will throw just another curveball into your relationship. ‐ I haven't told him. Oh‐‐ Oh, my God, you kids stress the out of me. ‐ Mom, how do you think I feel? I do not wanna be pregnant. ‐ Ice cream! ‐ We are going to get some ice cream. ‐ Hello, welcome in. ‐ Hi, how are you? ‐ Good. How are you guys doing? ‐ Good. ‐ Which one are you going to do? Well‐‐okay, you pick. ‐ I might do, like, a... ‐ Which one do you think I should do? ‐ I'll do the Jugoso, the strawberry. ‐ The Jugoso. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Did I say it right? Jugoso? ‐ Jugoso. ‐ Jugoso? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Okay, I'll do that. Gracias, señor. ‐ Thank you. ‐ That's good. ‐ That's good. ‐ That reminds me of Mexican candy that we'd eat growing up. ‐ Yeah, exactly. ‐ More! More! ‐ JJ, what do they call it when there's, like‐‐ when they teach them both in Spanish and English? ‐ Uh, I'm not sure. I heard they, like, leave there like, knowing three languages. ‐ See, I want that for Bird. I really want Bird to know Spanish. And sometimes I look at her and like, blonde hair, blue eyes, but I want her to know, like, she has Mexican roots too. ‐ That doesn't matter. This one just had menudo yesterday. Loved it too. ‐ Oh, really? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, God. I put hot sauce on the banana. That's hot sauce. ‐ I thought it was, like‐‐sorry. ‐ You're really connecting with your Mexican heritage, throwing hot sauce on ice cream. ‐ Well, I didn't know what "Valentina" meant. It sounded like a really good, like, ice cream sauce. ‐ Obviously you need to work on your Spanish. ‐ What does "Valentina" mean? ‐ Clearly a hot sauce. ‐ J, does it ever bum you out that you can't speak Spanish? ‐ Oh, yeah, all the time. ‐ I want more. ‐ I hate that I'm not fluent in‐‐ Okay, sit down real quick. ‐ Well, it's just more or less 'cause we should be. ‐ I know. ‐ Like, we had a dad who's‐‐ it's his first language. ‐ I'm sorry I've been pushing our Mexican roots on you so hard. ‐ I don't, like, go out to seek it. I just sort of live it. You would. ‐ Can you say "gracias"? After you eat your ice cream? Yeah, you eat that first. ‐ Everyone has their own thing and what they wanna do in life, and I can't make JJ do all the things I want. It's all our own personal journey, and for me, reconnecting with my dad and, in the last couple years, just starting to have a really great relationship, it just makes me enjoy all these things so much more. But, I guess for my brother, he has to do it on his own, and maybe I do just kinda have to‐‐have to back off. V, you can call me "Tía Breezy." Bird, can you say "Tío JJ"? ‐ Let's go with "Tío," not "Tía." He kinda looks like a tía. ‐ Nicole? ‐ Hey, where did you go? ‐ I went to the store. I had to grab a couple things. ‐ No. ‐ Yes. ‐ No. ‐ Yes. ‐ Mom... ‐ Let's just end the anxiety... ‐ No. ‐ And‐‐it takes one second. It takes one second. We could do it three times. ‐ Look, if it's positive, I'll have nine months to know whatever I'm going through. I don't need to know now. ‐ Do you think you're making sense right now? ‐ I don't wanna take a pregnancy test. I think it's 'cause I really don't wanna know right now. Maybe I will get my period in a few days. Let's just wait till it's been a while, maybe. A baby, that is forever. That person is in your life, no matter what, forever, and, like, there's no way a baby fits into my life right now, like, at all. ‐ Hello? ‐ Okay, would you talk to her? ‐ Don't listen to her. ‐ This is what she needs to do, Brie. ‐ Brie doesn't even know what you're talking about, by the way. ‐ Yeah, what is that? ‐ It's a pregnancy test. ‐ Nicole, are you serious? ‐ Can I see her hateful face real quick? Let's see the hateful face. ‐ All I'm saying, if you don't take the pregnancy test, I'm going to start to Google baby names of what I'm going to call your child. ‐ If you both shut up, I'll pee on a stick. ‐ You really will? ‐ Well, if you guys shut up. ‐ Okay, we'll shut up. Okay, one, you. ‐ Nicole? ‐ Oh. ‐ Nicole? ‐ Hey, Artem. ‐ You want Daddy to be a bear for Halloween? ‐ Bear says, "Roar!" ‐ Bear says, "Roar!" ‐ You don't care if we stay longer? ‐ Yeah, for sure. ‐ It's frustrating to me when we're getting so little alone time together already. ‐ We have lost having fun with each other. We gotta figure out if we're okay living this way. ‐ Are you feeling like you're pregnant? ‐ Um... ‐ Oh. ‐ Artem, what are the results? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 