Total Bellas: Season 5, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Total Bellas 
 s5e3 - Bellas Without Borders - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Total Bellas (2016–…): Season 5, Episode 3 - Bellas Without Borders - full transcript 
 The twins visit their biological father in Mexicali and show him the chapter of their upcoming book that discusses their childhood. Kathy works through her feelings about the past. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ‐ Oh, shoot, there he is. The last time I saw my dad, it was five years ago. ‐ The biggest thing about having a book is not for anyone to be surprised. ‐ Well, I'm assuming your dad is gonna take that paragraph out. ‐ Which one? You know, with my dad's addiction, there are just some things that I really wanna keep private. ‐ The thing I wanna protect is the four of us. We are way too close to let anything come between us. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ‐ Of course, Artem, I want you to move into my house. I couldn't imagine bedtime without you. ‐ Right now, this is my sister going from 0 to 100 within, like, one week. ‐ I would love for you to meet my dad. ‐ You want me to meet your dad for the first time when you didn't see him for how long? ‐ Yeah, I need you. Do you at all think that we are moving too fast? ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ Mi casa es su casa. ‐ That is so beautiful. ‐ Look at here. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ It's, like, taking me a second to just be like, wow, I have family here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know there are things that I've held onto that I realize I need to let go. Like, why didn't my mom do this differently? ‐ If I could change what happened in those 15 years of my first marriage, I would do it in a heartbeat. ‐ ‐ Dude, Nicole. ‐ What? ‐ Like, we're wearing the same shirt with no bras. - ‐ Me too. - ‐ Oh,. Is this aerial yoga? ‐ Oh, we get to hang? ‐ Welcome, hi. ‐ Hi, I'm Brie. ‐ Brie. Christine. Nice to meet you. ‐ I'm Nikki. ‐ After the experience with our father, my sister and I planned this wellness spa trip for my brother and my mom because we're feeling really good right now, and I want JJ and my mom to get onboard and feel the same way. ‐ If you come straight underneath the rigging. ‐ I think I'm, like, sideways. I'm pretty sure I'm sideways. ‐ Draw the hips and side to the backs of your legs. You guys are pros, yes. The more you can do nothing, the more relaxed you can become. Feeling the ebb and flow, breath in and out of the body. ‐ I hate meditation. I hate sitting in one spot for more than three minutes. ‐ Inhaling. Exhaling. Yeah, and just feel tension releasing in the physical body. I gave it a go because I understood what they were doing, but I found my way to my meditation. ‐ Namaste. ‐ What happened to JJ? ‐ Yeah, where'd JJ go? ‐ Did he leave? ‐ What brought you out here for, like‐‐ ‐ Nice, congrats. ‐ JJ never takes these kinda things serious. ‐ Ever. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ J. ‐ JJ's just a hummingbird. He can't stop, so‐‐ It was worth a try. ‐ It was. ‐ You guys are doing things you love. Doesn't mean that‐‐ ‐ No, no, but when we pick things, we thought of what we all would love together. ‐ Must be thinking about you guys, 'cause you didn't think about me at all. ‐ Next time we just need to have, like, drinks while we do it. ‐ Well, there you go. ‐ And then he might stay. ‐ Yeah. ‐ And then I walked in while you guys were all out, and mom's like... ‐ Ooh‐la‐la. Thank you. ‐ Oh, look how gorgeous. ‐ I love this place. ‐ So tomorrow would have been Pop‐pop and Nana's 64th wedding anniversary. ‐ Ohh. ‐ And she told me on the way over here, she goes, "I still celebrate it." ‐ Growing up in Brawley, my Nana and Pop‐pop they really put in these strong values in us, family, love, fate. My grandparents really just made me see the positive, happier times in life. ‐ It's funny that you bring up Nana, 'cause planning on seeing her next week with Brie since I really need to get Artem to meet Nana. I know, I only have brought home one guy to Brawley. ‐ I don't know if I should bring Birdie on the trip, and I didn't know if you wanted to watch her, but I didn't ask you‐‐ ‐ What day? ‐ It would be Wednesday, Thursday. We'd come home Friday. ‐ Wow. ‐ Like, evening. I mean, Bird loves being with you and Johnny. Nicole and I really want to go to Mexicali to see my dad, and we're gonna stay in Brawley, California, which is a couple towns away from Mexicali, and Nana's in Brawley, all of our cousins, so I thought it'd be perfect. Like, bring my mom, she could babysit Birdie, hang out with Nana. It'd be perfect. But I'm a little nervous to ask her because I'm like, "Oh, I don't want to get in another big fight again." ‐ Please tell Mom what else we're doing. We're gonna go to Mexicali to see Dad and his family. ‐ Seriously. ‐ For years, it was almost like we were searching for something that was so empty, and now having our dad back in, it was like, "Let's go where Dad lives," and going to Mexicali, this is a really good opportunity to bring up, you know, his chapter and bring up our book, but it makes me nervous. I think it's an amazing opportunity, since we're there, to really get close with his wife and his kids. I mean, they are half‐siblings. ‐ I hope that you guys are honest, because right now I feel like you're bull me. You're kinda going, "Oh, we wanna go see Nana." No, you don't. You got a plan to see your dad, and we're gonna say we're gonna go see Nana. ‐ No, this is what we thought, we thought‐‐ ‐ And you didn't even want me to go. Like, why wouldn't I want to go see my mom, my brother‐‐ ‐ Which I agreed. I told Brie. ‐ First of all, I just read their book, and it's painful to read. Nicole keeps saying after her dinner with her dad that he's really changed, and he's taken accountability. ‐ I've learned so much. I've promised to my God that I would never, ever hurt another woman again, that I would be a different man, and I've kept‐‐ ‐ And you are, Dad. ‐ I hope that's right. And then now they tell me the rest of the story, that there's a trip to Mexicali to see their dad. I'll take care of Birdie, 'cause I'd rather Birdie be with me than gallivanting around with you. So you guys owe me. You owe me for a lot, but this trip you really owe me, and I'll never let you forget. ‐ Whatever. Okay, you guys, let's get this show on the road. ‐ What the hell, is it Christmas? ‐ No, but I thought because‐‐ since it's, like, our first time going over to Mexicali, I wanted to get, like, Dad and his kids, like, a lot of gifts. ‐ We call ourselves the Bella Claus. ‐ My dad is married to Ana, and they have two kids, Ezekiel and Alexia. I haven't met Ezekiel, and he's four. And I haven't seen Alexia in forever, and she's 11. I just want to bring gifts, a lot of gifts. I know what my dad has, and they don't have a lot. ‐ Well, you know, if you're gonna give all of this to them, you're not gonna see them for the rest of the trip, because they're probably gonna be busy playing. ‐ Oh, is that it? ‐ No, it's very true. ‐ I'll play with them. ‐ I think Nicole is extremely nervous for me meeting Nana, because she's taken so much examples from her, and it's really important for her to do well by her, and bringing me is a big deal. ‐ Does anyone need air adjusted or anything? ‐ Mine feels good, way back here. ‐ ‐ Whoa. ‐ Do you know how to drive a minivan? I should be driving. ‐ Oh, my gosh, you guys. ‐ Okay, no fighting. ‐ The swerving makes us nauseous. ‐ What swerving, Brie? ‐ At least you're not tailgating, and I appreciate that. ‐ Yay, family trips. They're the best. ‐ ♪ So hurry up and let's roll ♪ ‐ I'm really happy to go to Brawley and go to Mexicali, but I'm a little bummed out because Bryan can't make the trip. You know, he's always wrestling. He's gone every week, and even though Bryan won't be there, I know I'm still gonna have a lot of fun. This is where we went to school, and it has not changed. ‐ ‐ So Brie felt like I gave everyone head lice in the school, but I was just the first one to admit it. ‐ No, you gave everyone head lice here. ‐ I was just the first one to admit it. That's where Brie peed her pants in front of everyone. It went through her pants and created a big puddle. ‐ Still my pants. ‐ You guys, that's the house that you were‐‐ you would go to after school. ‐ No way. Is that? ‐ I remember that house, actually. ‐ I remember the porch. ‐ I think that's the babysitter. ‐ That's her. ‐ So let's go say hi to her. Hi. ‐ Hello, everyone. ‐ Hi, how are you guys? ‐ Yeah! How are you? ‐ Hi, how are you? ‐ And do you remember babysitting them? ‐ Oh, my gosh, how are you? ‐ Lo and behold, there's Mona, the twins' babysitter, and I don't think we've seen her since we moved away, and the twins were seven years old when we moved back to Phoenix. ‐ You lost so much weight. 'Cause on the TV show, she looks a little heavier. ‐ Yeah, I do. ‐ But your boyfriend is gorgeous. ‐ Ohh. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Let's all get a photo. ‐ Let's do it. ‐ She's so cute. ‐ She is. ‐ Oh, Mona, it was so good to see you. ‐ I know, mija. ‐ We'll see you soon. ‐ Anytime you come back to Brawley, you can come and say hi to me. ‐ Yes. ‐ We'd love that. ‐ Nice to meet you. ‐ Oh, nice to meet you too. ‐ You're so nice. ‐ You know, I always go to Brawley just to see my family, but I never truly just kinda go to my old stomping grounds or the place where I grew up, and just speaking to our old babysitter, it just makes me think about my beginnings, my roots, like the things that start to form you, and the things that you just connect with. ‐ How cute was that? ‐ That was so cute. And Brawley will always be, like, a special place because of that. ‐ So where are we going right now? ‐ To the house we grew up in. ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ We are going to all the places that played a part in my children's childhood, and it's hard for me. I thought I had closure, and I don't. ‐ That's where you lived, that's where you grew up? ‐ This right here. ‐ Bird‐Bird, this is where Mama and Dodo lived for a little bit when they were young. How does it make you feel, Mom, seeing it? ‐ To be honest, I wanted to leave. When I had the twins, their dad and I decided to move to Phoenix, and we stayed there for a few years and came back to get into the family business. I was done living in a small town. I loved being in Brawley for the time we did, and I loved it for you kids, but for me personally, I was ready to go back to Phoenix. ‐ Because of Dad? ‐ Yeah, it's just like I couldn't hide anything here. In those 15 years, there was a lot of highs and lot of very, very lows. ‐ I was really sad when we left Brawley. ‐ I was so sad. ‐ It was a really, like, good time for us. ‐ In Brawley, I moved away from my family. I know deep in my heart part of the reason I took myself five hours away from where I was raised is because I could hide my relationship, and, um, if I could talk to that 21‐year‐old, I would say, "Get out." ‐ Hey. ‐ Hey! Welcome! ‐ Hey, Dad. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ Mi casa es su casa. ‐ That is so beautiful. ‐ Let's get all the talk out about Mexico. ‐ You don't have to sound angry. ‐ You guys think your way, and I'll think mine. ‐ We're about to see Nana. ‐ And this is Nana's house. ‐ Go knock on the door. ‐ Come on, let's go see Nana. Come on. ‐ Mom! ‐ Nana. ‐ And Artem. ‐ And this is Artem. ‐ How are you? ‐ Hey, how are you? ‐ It's so nice to meet you. ‐ Nice to meet you too. ‐ Thank you for having us. This is amazing. Are we gonna see‐‐ are we gonna see the room? ‐ See what room? ‐ Room. ‐ Look, look. ‐ We're not sleeping here. ‐ Yeah, you're not sleeping here. ‐ You don't sleep here till you're married. ‐ Yeah. Nana can't know that you guys share a bed. ‐ My mom is the same way. Don't worry about it. ‐ Is she? ‐ No. ‐ Oh. ‐ ‐ Nana has rules. There is no sleeping in the same bedroom when it comes to Nana. And if you are not married or at least engaged, you don't share a room at anyone's house. ‐ I'm so happy we've met. ‐ I know. ‐ I know, finally. ‐ I hear you're quite the cook. ‐ I like to cook, yes, but I think she's always making some more than what it is. ‐ No, he's just very humble about it. ‐ I promise. ‐ Well, I don't cook anymore, but I've got a lot of plates and I bought a bunch of food. Whatever you want, be comfortable. ‐ Thank you, it means a lot. ‐ You're gonna have to cook for Nana one of these days. ‐ Nana, have you eaten? ‐ We're all ready. ‐ Let's eat. ‐ I'm starving. ‐ I'm starving. ‐ My grandparents, they were so involved in raising my sister and I, and I've always put them on, like, the biggest pedestal, so the fact that she is loving Artem means everything to me, because if she didn't, I'd probably have to break up with Artem. We're gonna spend the night. We're staying at the Brawley Inn, and then we're gonna go to Mexicali tomorrow, see our dad. ‐ You're having dinner with your dad? ‐ We're hanging out with him all day. We're leaving in the morning. ‐ Oh. And you'll be with him all day? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Now, Artem's gonna be there? ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ Oh, good. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, oh, that's good. Okay. How about a glass of red wine? ‐ Oh, that'd be nice. ‐ And you know where the wines are. ‐ You guys ready? Love you, Nana. ‐ Have a wonderful time, okay? ‐ Thank you. We won't be gone that long. ‐ What do you mean you're not gonna be gone that long? You're gonna be gone all day. ‐ I'll keep you guys updated. ‐ That's long. ‐ Okay, love you guys. ‐ Love you guys. ‐ Bye. ‐ I've never been to Mexicali before, so I'm excited. ‐ I'm very excited to go to Mexicali. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I feel, like, excitement, but I kinda feel like‐‐ like an "ohh." Like an "ohh" feeling, because bring up our book to my dad, it's hard because this is such a sensitive situation. This man is so a part of my life, and I know his feelings are gonna be hurt so bad. Are you guys nervous to cross? ‐ No. ‐ I mean, you got something to hide? ‐ ‐ Yeah. ‐ Ah. ‐ Just kidding. ‐ This is so cool! Mexico, here we come! ‐ Hey! ‐ Oh, my God, I love it. ‐ Welcome. ‐ Hey, Dad. ‐ Bueno, mi amor. Hola, Brianna. Como esta? ‐ It's been so long. ‐ Artem. Coma esta? Mi esposa, my wife. ‐ Hi. ‐ Oh, yeah, Artem. ‐ Welcome to your house. ‐ It's so beautiful. ‐ Dad, this is so nice. ‐ Wow. ‐ Ana, you look so amazing. You look so beautiful. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Muy bonita. ‐ That's right. De nada. Ah, gracias, gracias. ‐ So they're only a year apart. So they're the triplets, no more twins. ‐ Triplets. ‐ Now the triplets are in Mexico. ‐ Yeah. Did Dad just call us and Ana his triplets? 'Cause that's kinda... that's‐‐that's weird. ‐ It could actually because we do look like triplets. - ‐ Wish I had her ass. - ‐ And her. ‐ Well, I'm almost there, but hers were‐‐ hers are natural. ‐ Hers look real. ‐ Well, no, hers are real. ‐ Hers are real? ‐ Yeah, she doesn't have implants. ‐ Damn. ‐ That's what I said. Oh, my God, JJ looks like a monkey. ‐ So in January, the 20th, we'll be married 15 years. ‐ Isn't that crazy? ‐ Isn't that crazy? Yeah. ‐ Look at Dad. ‐ My brother and my dad don't talk right now, and they've had a broken relationship for a while. As kids, like, when you get hurt, it's hard to‐‐ to erase that pain. ‐ And you? ‐ Me too, yeah. ‐ Artem, you have to learn too, 'cause your father‐in‐law speaks Spanish, so you have to speak. And your mother‐in‐law right here too. ‐ ‐ Joking about him being father‐in‐law, I don't really find it super funny, because maybe one day that's gonna be the case. So saying those things kind of makes me feel like, okay, let's not kind of joke about that, because it is serious for me. ‐ You should have spoke to us more. ‐ Yeah, you should have taught us. ‐ Yes, it is my fault, so... ‐ Nicole told Artem that she'd rather have her kid speak Spanish than Russian. ‐ I want them to speak both, actually all three, English, Spanish, Russian. Then she had to butt in to start drama and goes, "Well, what if it was one or the other?" ‐ No, no, no, Russian was not in there. ‐ And I said, "Well, obviously Spanish." ‐ Don't say that, because he's proud of his heritage. ‐ I'm just kidding. Look it. ‐ So this is the ice breaker that I'm so happy, and I say it because I want you guys coming here more often and everything. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Salud. ‐ Cheers. ‐ Hey. Hola! ‐ Yes. ‐ So nice to, like, be here. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I'm bummed that, like... ‐ Baby steps, baby. ‐ I know, baby steps. One day. ‐ He'll realize. I'm a changed man. ‐ Yeah. I bet it bums you out. ‐ Of course it does, but it's like, I'll just keep doing what I'm doing. ‐ I know you guys will reunite and reconnect. I pray for it. ‐ And it's all gonna come together. All the negativity, I've come a long way to fall back down to that, and I'm not gonna go to the past. You wanna talk about it just to bring it up for a bad vibe, I don't wanna hear it. ‐ No. ‐ 'Cause that ain't me no more. Talking to the wrong guy. ‐ So, Dad, did Nicole and I tell you that we have been writing a book? ‐ Oh, you are? What about? ‐ Our life. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ Look at here. ‐ It's, like, taking me a second to just be like, wow, I have family here. ‐ All I've ever thought of is it would be so amazing to walk down that aisle, but then when I get close it's like I can't even breathe. Am I going to be stuck in something that I don't wanna be in? Because that's how you were for so long. ‐ So, Dad, did Nicole and I tell you that we have been writing a book? ‐ Oh, you are? What about? ‐ Our life. Childhood to kinda like now. ‐ Since you were born? ‐ Yeah. ‐ We all have a past, but we're living for today and for the future, and I'm not that man 18 years ago. I'm a whole different man today. ‐ Being here at lunch, I thought maybe I could kinda bring up the book, but when I brought it up, I could tell he kinda like, "Oh, wow, you're making a book." Kinda disregarded it and just feeling the tension, it made me feel like, okay, this isn't the time. I don't want an argument to happen like it happened with my mom. ‐ I mean, this is who I am now. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Let's talk about me now. ‐ Oh, look it, is that Wonder Woman? ‐ It's like us. ‐ The triplet you never had. ‐ Triplet. ‐ ‐ Have you ever had Mexican candy? ‐ No. ‐ Nicole, we need to get him Mexican candy. ‐ Oh, let's try some Mexican candy. ‐ Yeah. ‐ ‐ This is the salt you like? ‐ Ooh, Artem. ‐ Yeah, it is. That one's salt, right? ‐ Yeah. Should we get this for spicy margaritas at home? ‐ Hey, girls. ‐ Oh, Dad. ‐ Oh, hey, guys. ‐ Hey, how are you doing? ‐ Hey, hey. ‐ Oh, my gosh, gosh. ‐ Look, who's here. That's Ezekiel. ‐ How are you? ‐ Alexia. ‐ Ezekiel, hi. Can I have a hug? ‐ Yeah, how are you? ‐ Hi. Fine. You? ‐ Good. ‐ ‐ How fun. ‐ Are you shy? It's wild. It's just at my age you don't think you're gonna be introduced to something like this, so it's, like, taking me a second to just be like, wow, I have family here. ‐ He loves piñatas. He already wants his little piñata. ‐ Ezekiel, what's your favorite one? ‐ He's looking for his favorite one. ‐ How cute is that? Bringing up our book to my dad, what I'm realizing is, like, we‐‐we can't do this right now. I have finally reconnected with my father, and then I just don't want to damper the moment or change it by, like, talking about my book. I just feel like maybe I need to let it go right now and save it for another time. ‐ Should we be all together to take a picture? ‐ Yeah, we need someone to take one all together. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Wow, this is gorgeous. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Whoa. ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ This is so cool. ‐ So that's the border right there. Do you see the fence? ‐ Oh, yeah. ‐ See, that's the United States on that side where it's pretty plain over there. ‐ Brie, come here real quick. We have to remember the toys we brought. ‐ ‐ Do you think some of this stuff is too young for Alexia? ‐ Maybe. ‐ We brought a bunch of gifts because we feel like we've missed too many birthdays and Christmases. ‐ Oh, shoot. ‐ And we know it's a lot, but we're like‐‐ ‐ I don't know, I feel like we might have to get Alexia some other stuff later. ‐ Yeah. ‐ 'Cause I know if she likes Barbies anymore. ‐ No. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Oh, you're welcome. We're gonna get you more stuff. ‐ Yeah. Mwah. ‐ Brianna, I need to talk to you and Nicole. ‐ Yeah. ‐ So there's something I wanna ask both of you to do‐‐ well, not for me, for all of us, is Alexia's very proud of both of you. And unfortunately, a lot of the kids at her school do not believe that you're their sister. ‐ Really? ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ Yeah, they don't, and they really don't, and they‐‐they bully her about it like, "No, you're not." ‐ Aww. ‐ And for her, a dream come true would be that if you both can visit her school tomorrow. ‐ Oh, my gosh, we would love to. ‐ Would you love to do that? ‐ But I do have to get back to Bird. Or should I stay the night? ‐ Well, you have your daughter. ‐ I know. ‐ It's okay, but, Nicole, you'll show up and‐‐ ‐ We'll show up, yeah. ‐ And we'll just do something really nice for her. She has no clue that this is going to happen. ‐ I think you guys will have a really fun day. ‐ Thank you. Thank you for doing that. ‐ I'm having such an amazing day here in Mexicali, and I would do anything to stay the night to see Alexia at her school, but I know my mom probably won't go for that, so I'm gonna head back to Birdie, but I'm happy that Nicole and Artem will be there for Alexia. ‐ Hello. ‐ Hey, Mom. ‐ Hey, girls, what's up? ‐ Oh, look it, and boy. ‐ Hello. ‐ Oh, Artem, I forgot about you. ‐ Oh, it's okay. ‐ So... ‐ Yeah. ‐ Brie's gonna be in the car by herself. ‐ Oh, why? ‐ 'Cause Artem and I are gonna stay. ‐ Oh, I'm gonna just be extremely direct. I didn't come on the trip to be a babysitter for you guys to go find your roots. Hola. ‐ Hola. My sister, Alexia. Alexia, come here. Yes. This is my sister, and if you mess with her I will body slam you through any freakin' school desk. It's amazing to see, like, Dad in a really amazing place. ‐ I'm here to support you, but Jesus. It was enough. Sometimes you need to give people credit. ‐ Mom, we always give you credit. ‐ You haven't talked about your dad in years. ‐ Because I knew it was gonna turn into an argument, and it did. ‐ We just haven't had enough time to really soak it in, and it's just so beautiful here. ‐ I‐I'm gonna just be extremely direct. I didn't come on the trip to be babysitter for you guys to go find your roots. Brianna, if you woulda told me you were spending the night, I woulda been a bit pissed. ‐ Well, you don't have to be pissed, 'cause I'm coming back. ‐ Yeah, well, I'm gonna go back into Birdie and Nana. Okay. ‐ We're gonna experience Mexico tonight. ‐ Just don't get food poisoning. ‐ Hey, I'll at least lose some weight if I do. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Bye. That was kinda cray. You know what I say we do on that note? Take a really hot selfie. ‐ Right now? ‐ Dude, look at the background. ‐ Actually, I look really good. ‐ My boobs look massive. ‐ So we'll see you guys there. Mwah. See you later, bye. Are you excited? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Ohh! ‐ To see the school. ‐ Mi papi chulo. ‐ Hey, what's what? ‐ Bad boy. ‐ 'Cause it sounds very sexual. ‐ You're my bad boy. ‐ Papi chulo, what? ‐ That she gets bullied at school because people think she lies about us being her sister. ‐ Oh, sisters, yeah. ‐ That's so sad. And then it makes me feel a little guilty that, like, for so long I didn't talk to my dad or that side of the family, and so that probably made it worse. And it's like you don't realize the effect when‐‐ My dad and I, we had the issue, but look at the effect it did to the whole family. I think people sometimes don't realize that. I didn't. Hey. Oh, my God, I love this school. Oh, I have chills. It feels so good right now walking into Alexia's school. Like, knowing, like, she has no idea, and Artem and I are about to walk up and be like, "Hey!" ‐ ‐ Oh, cute. Ah, Ezekiel. Aww. Gracias. ‐ Hey. Bye‐bye. ‐ Oh, cute. ‐ Oh, look at Alexia's face. Straight ahead. ‐ Where is she? Alexia, come here. Hey, you. Oh, my God, good to see you. ‐ ‐ Oh, look it, there's Brie. ‐ ‐ Hi, Brianna. ‐ Oh, my God, is that Alexia? ‐ Artem will keep you with us. ‐ Okay, awesome. ‐ Hola. Hi, hola. Hola. ‐ Hola. ‐ I'm so happy to be here with you all. So, un poquito Español. ‐ No, but they understand English. Oh, but tu hables inglés. I'm very happy to be here with all of you and to be here for my sister, Alexia. Alexia, come here. Yes. I'm going to make sure that this whole damn school knows that this is my sister, and if you mess with her, I will body slam you through any freakin' school desk. It's so amazing to see how happy she was being with all of her friends and all of the kids that she goes to school with. I feel very blessed that I can do this for my sister. That was so fun. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Aww. I love your school. ‐ Can you say to Brianna thank you for coming just for me? ‐ Oh, I will. ‐ Aww. ‐ Bye. ‐ So much. Bye. I think you need to actually piggyback ride me over this. I'm, like, of course in YSLs. ‐ No, your‐‐ your feet are gonna sink Why don't you walk barefoot in? ‐ But I have to say, we had an amazing time in Mexicali. ‐ Yeah, it was so fun. And it was cool 'cause we went to the school today, and it was really cute seeing all the kids. ‐ I was so sad I missed it. He's gonna take you real quick, okay? ‐ Let's go get wa‐wa. ‐ You go get wa‐wa. And come right back. ‐ Bring Dodo back some. ‐ Let's get all the talk out about Mexico and Mexicali so I don't have to hear it for, like, four hours. ‐ Ew, Mom. ‐ "Ew, Mom." Honestly, like, I love that you guys had a great time, but let's just talk about it and get it out of our system, and then we can talk about our lives or whatever. ‐ Okay, well, you don't have to sound‐‐ Hold on, Nicole. You don't have to sound angry about it. ‐ There's no anger. ‐ The way you just said it right now sounded like you had an issue. ‐ Yeah. ‐ If I'm being perfectly honest, it's just like, I'm here to support you, but Jesus, it was enough. ‐ Mom, we know that Dad left you hanging, but sometimes with you we feel like we always need to try to be so positive, and it's hard because there was negative things that we had to deal with. ‐ I love that you guys had a great time, but what I'm saying is the way you guys are talking, that it was so amazing, I would just ask that let's just talk about it, get it out of our system, and then we can talk about our lives. ‐ Well, you don't have to sound angry about it. ‐ There's no anger. ‐ The way you just said it right now sounded like you had an issue. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I'll just follow you, Bird. ‐ I get you're all excited, but then maybe understand that maybe everyone in the group isn't as excited, and it would be, like, torturous. ‐ Okay, so once again, it's us having to walk on egg shells, not able to express how much fun we had with Dad. I almost feel like you wanted us to come back and have a negative experience. ‐ No, I don't want you to have a negative experience, but just put yourself in my shoes. Do you think I wanna hear about it for four hours? ‐ But don't you want us to embrace who we are and what we're made of. ‐ 100% I do. ‐ You and Dad, it sucks 'cause you guys had such an unfortunate relationship, but no matter what, that's still our dad. ‐ This conversation isn't about you having a relationship with your father. I'm glad that you do. I just might not want to hear it 24/7. ‐ Nicole and I always get anxiety or we get, like, nervous to ever talk to you about it, because we always feel like‐‐ ‐ That's on you. ‐ You left us in that environment till we were 15 years old. ‐ Wow. ‐ It's not like you left our father when we were two or three and it was like this guy that maybe wasn't in our lives. That already did so many deep cuts with us that Brianna and I are trying to figure it out, and as we want to become more whole and just have these happy lives and not hold on to pain, we have to go through these things. ‐ I don't know, I felt like there was this part in my heart that just felt a little empty, and yesterday it really felt filled. ‐ It's amazing to see, like, Dad in a really amazing place. Like, he's very positive, and he owns up to, like, his past and what he's wanted to change, and, I mean, I think that's amazing. ‐ Just because in the last, I don't know, three, four weeks you guys have decided to have this relationship, how 'bout sitting there and go, "You know what, Mom, every time we were disappointed, "you were there for us, and every time we went back "and tried to rebuild the relationship you were there for us." What I hear is like, "You were always this bitch that didn't want us to be around Dad." That's not the case. Sometimes you need to give people credit for what they did do for a long time. ‐ Mom, we always give you credit. ‐ You never, not since we've talked about this. We haven't talked about your dad in years. ‐ Because I knew it was gonna turn into an argument, and it did. ‐ I just‐‐ Yeah, I don't even feel like talking about it. I just feel like it's, like, beating a drum. Like, you guys think your way, and I'll think my way. ‐ But, Mom, the thing is‐‐ ‐ I don't know how you guys ended up being who you are. ‐ Nana and Pop‐pop. ‐ Okay, you always do that in interviews. ‐ But, Mom, that's‐‐ ‐ You always bring up Nana and Pop‐pop. I'm like, "Hello, was I even involved?" ‐ But, like, you just said, like, how between you and Dad, 'cause it's your relationship, and what I'm saying is‐‐ ‐ And, another wound. You know, and it's sad for me. Whatever J's anger and his pain is, eh, it's just, it's a lot to process. ‐ Okay, well, we won't talk about it the whole four hours. ‐ No, please don't talk about it. ‐ Boo. Boo. ‐ This is gonna be a long car ride because right now none of us know exactly what to talk about, because Nicole and I are feeling two different things. My mom's feeling something else, and we're just not all on the same page. I feel like my mom needs to just kind of figure out in her life, like, what is it that she really wants to get go of, release? What is it that really bothers her? I don't want my mom to always feel triggered. ‐ Napkins. Oh, you wanna get it or‐‐ ‐ Yeah, sure, I'll go get it. ‐ Hello. ‐ Hello. ‐ Hello. ‐ I think the kids and I just need an honest conversation, just the four of us. ‐ Hey, Mom. ‐ Family meeting already in session? ‐ Whoa, look at this. ‐ No, but the food is ready. Artem can't come or Bryan or Lauren. It just is the four of us, like we always were. ‐ So, Mom, what's up with the family meeting? ‐ Okay, so we all know what's been going on lately. J, you and I met after the girls, we found out, you know, Brianna and I had a conversation about‐‐ ‐ Are you talking about our blowout or our conversation? ‐ Right, but it's been on my mind, heavy on my mind recently, and what I wanted to do is just the four of us to get together, no distractions, and just if there's anything on your chest‐‐ it's like an air‐out situation right now. Air it out. What? ‐ No, just I wasn't expecting you to say that. ‐ I'm shocked you don't have wine. ‐ But, no, that's why I said‐‐ ‐ Not a tasting flight, like tequila tasting flight. ‐ Free meals. ‐ Yeah, right. But so here's the thing though. I want you guys to say to me anything you wanna say. I want us to, like, get past our feelings from when you guys were growing up. ‐ The one thing I'm just gonna say, and you guys can speak is, like, Mom, like, there has been no doubt with any of us that you are super mom. Like, honestly. You really have. You've been such a great role model as being a wonder mom, and I even know Dad says that about you a lot. Dad knows that he left you hanging, and he knows you're the reason why you kept us a unit. But I think sometimes with you what we get scared is we feel like we always need to try to be so positive because we want you to always feel like you're great, 'cause you are a great mom. But sometimes it's hard because there was negative things that we have to deal with. ‐ I mean, I don't know, but even then, I've never felt like‐‐ I don't know, growing up, you were just always awesome to me, you know? Like, I looked at Dad, and I was scared of him. I was never scared of you. No, you're the one that I went to, not, you know, ran from. ‐ For me, reconnecting with my dad means a lot, and I want my brother to be a part of it 'cause I want him to reconnect, but at the same time, he has to do it on his own on his own time. ‐ So don't ever feel fault, ever. That would make me feel bad, 'cause that's not what it is. It wasn't your fault. ‐ I know there are things that I've held onto that I realize I need to let go. Like, "Why didn't my mom do this differently?" ‐ I know there are things that I've held onto that I realize I need to let go. Like, "Why didn't my mom do this differently?" And also I feel like because of my childhood, it's caused me not to have trust in men. I do see where I carry that into my relationships and even just committing. All I've ever thought of is it would be so amazing to walk down that aisle, but then when I get close it's like I can't even breathe because I'm like, "Am I going to be stuck in something that I don't want to be in?" You know, and I think I just carry that because that's how you were for so long, stuck, and I think that's what I learned. Sorry, Mom. ‐ No, no, that's okay. I think when people have children they assume that they should stay together no matter what for the kids. You hear it all the time. "For the kids, I'm staying for the kids." And I don't know if I realized at that time it was affecting my children as much as it was. ‐ I think, for me, it's just nice that you acknowledge it, because you never have, and I think we've never felt like we can, you know, talk about it. We've talked about it amongst us kids, but it feels good, you acknowledging it, you know? And it's nice when you don't have the anxiety of walking on egg shells, whether it's, you know, about us seeing Dad, because it's like, but I love my mom so much I don't ever want to ruin that. ‐ If I could change what happened in those 15 years of my first marriage, I would do it in a heartbeat. It's painful because we're only doing the best we can do. We're only doing what we think is right, but no one wins, nobody, not the parents and not the kid. JJ, does it look familiar when we would meet and I'd have my notes for JBN. ‐ You have notes? ‐ You have notes? ‐ Oh, goodness. ‐ When I want to have a conversation with someone, I always write a letter so I don't forget to say some of the things that are important to me, and just so they know how I feel about everything going on. First of all, I appreciate everyone letting everyone speak, and it's gonna be interesting when I read this letter, and I might not be able to get through it, so you might have to read it. 'Cause it's, like, we are the same DNA, 'cause there's some stuff I wrote that almost all three of you each said, which is very strange, isn't it? Um, okay. I was stuck on the first two words, but... ‐ You got this, Mom. ‐ You got it. ‐ "I'm sorry for the things "you saw and experienced as children. "I wish I would have made it better for you all, "and I don't mean perfect, because perfect doesn't exist. "I wish the good times outweighed the bad, "but I accept responsibility. "Who I am today would have gotten the three of you out "a lot sooner than I did. "All I can offer is to say I'm sorry. "I love you three with my entire being. "I'm very proud of the adults you've become, and being adult is not easy." ‐ Aww, I love that, Mom. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Yeah, we do love that. ‐ Sometimes it can be hard being a child of a divorce, but what I hope and pray for so much is that my mom can let go of the past, that she can move on, and that nothing gives her such a trigger that it makes her sick to her stomach. Last thing I'd ever want her to feel is that reconnecting with my father means, like, she's in the dust. Like, I would die for my mom in a heartbeat. She'll always be first, always. ‐ At the end of the day, the four of us, we've been like a team no matter what. We can call each other at any time, and we all are there to help each other. And I'm sorry. I wish I could change things. ‐ You can't, but it's okay. How 'bout we just send you our therapist's bill. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Everyone has a journey in life. I went through what I went through to end up where I'm at now, because I'm in a great place. I have a wonderful man. We respect each other, and really this is what I want for my kids, to have healthy relationships. ‐ Well, should we toast to water? ‐ You never cheers to water. That's bad luck. Bartender. ‐ No! ‐ Next on "Total Bellas"... ‐ Lauren and I were thinking that Nicole favors obviously Birdie a touch over our girls. ‐ J. ‐ Brianna. ‐ When you're gone, all I want is peace of mind at night. Our house has been broken into, and then our car was just stolen. My, gosh. Freaking bullets. ‐ Nicole can't come to the barbecue. ‐ Yeah, but you also don't know what she's doing right now. ‐ What is she doing? ‐ JJ, what is your deal? ‐ You're always late, you always favor Birdie. I don't wanna change you. ‐ Then don't change me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 