Total Bellas: Season 5, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Total Bellas 
 s5e5 - BellaVision - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Total Bellas (2016–…): Season 5, Episode 5 - BellaVision - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ‐ Artem Chigvintsev has been cut. ‐ The dancer will not be returning for this upcoming season. ‐ It sucks being cut. I can't really describe. ‐ I just told Dr. Uribe, "I need an MRI on my neck." And he goes, "We need to talk. You have a cyst on your brain." ‐ ‐ So with this injury Nikki has had, our career as Bella twins is coming to an end, especially in the ring. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's becoming more of reality. I hate to say this, but I've just realized, like, I don't want another child. ‐ We started here as closer together, and now we've been expanding differently as far as our viewpoints on life. ‐ I forgot to tell you. ‐ What? ‐ I got an audition with the show Renee and Booker T are hosting. ‐ Did they ask about me? ‐ What would you like envision in the next step of your life? I'm a go‐getter, hustler, workhorse. But being with Artem, I have learned not everyone is like that. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ‐ You used to like pinch my butt and do certain things. You don't do that anymore. ‐ There's so much missing, I think, in each of our emotional lives. When are we supposed to have time together? When are we supposed to have a normal relationship? ‐ Our relationship was never normal. ‐ Should I wear blue for SmackDown or I have this purple I wore in Tokyo, but I only wore it once. What do you think? What should I wear? ‐ Oh, my gosh. How did you fit into that? ‐ this thing? ‐ Oh, my gosh. Whoo! ‐ Excuse me? You do not do better than me. ‐ Yeah, I just did it, okay? That's not a dance move. ‐ How? How? How? How? You have to‐‐ you have to pick me up. No! ‐ Brie and I have been asked to attend the premiere of WWE SmackDown in L. A. ‐ ‐ And I have to say, I'm super excited just to be a part of the show, but damn, I would do anything to be in a match. ‐ Please welcome, fearless Nikki Bella! ‐ You said it wrong. It's okay, I forgive you. ‐ Ooh, ah, eeh, ooh. ‐ Poof. Artem! ‐ I like it. ‐ ‐ What kind of tequila did you do? ‐ Just whatever house tequila. I'm not bougie as you are. ‐ Yeah, right. Look at that view, Artem. ‐ Mm‐hmm? ‐ And Brie. ‐ And Brie, sorry. I meant Brie too. ‐ No, you didn't. ‐ I think I said it to you first. ‐ You clearly meant him. ‐ Brie, look at downtown. ‐ And Artem. ‐ I'm texting, so if you guys want to continue to make out over there, it's fine. ‐ ‐ Gross. ‐ You act like you and Bryan don't make out in public anymore. ‐ Bryan and I kiss. ‐ When? ‐ What do you mean when? Just 'cause we don't sit there and make out in front of people. ‐ Oh, sorry, your sister is happy. ‐ I'm happy too. It's just‐‐there's definitely a reason why they call it the honeymoon stage. ‐ Doesn't mean you don't have a moment to have a big kiss in public. ‐ I guess‐‐ I mean, we have a kid. It's funny because you always are in the beginning stages of a relationship saying, "I will never be that couple that doesn't give each other PDA." And when I look at Artem and Nicole, I'm like, "Yeah, that used to be us. But now that's not us." Maybe stop kissing and start communicating. Communication is key. ‐ We know, hater, who doesn't make out with her man in public. You better make out with me till the day I die. I mean, 90. If you wanna be with this girl‐‐ ‐ Vomit. ‐ I'm just a little nervous. I've been avoiding this doctor's appointment, but like it's just on my mind quite a bit too, you know? But you need to know these things to get ahead. I'm headed to Dr. Uribe today to get a checkup on my neck. He had given me bad news recently, and I'm coming to the understanding that my in‐ring career is over. I would just love to participate in some way and not just backstage, but be ringside, which means you're outside of the ring, you're not participating in the match. There's managers and ballets, and you could be a part of stories. ‐ As far as I remember, I make the matches around here. ‐ I just kind of wanted to have that checkup to know where I stand because I just want to know my future. Hi there. I have an appointment with Dr. Uribe. ‐ There he is. ‐ Nikki. ‐ Stranger. ‐ How you doing? See you for centuries. How you doing? ‐ I feel like it's been so long. ‐ I know. How you doing? ‐ This is Artem. ‐ That's good. Nice to meet you. ‐ Pleasure to meet you too. ‐ Brought him in for moral support. ‐ That's awesome. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Yeah, so how's everything? ‐ Everything is good. It's still busier than ever. ‐ You're in here for a reason. I wanted to know what is bringing you here today. ‐ Don't get me wrong. Like, for me, overall health is the most important. And so I'd rather feel amazing all the time than getting back in the ring. But what do you think about ever being ringside? ‐ So this is the images that we have, you know, from the previous surgery. Take a look. This is what I don't like. You see that it's going a little bit down? ‐ Yeah. ‐ And you see this is a little bit what we call kyphosis, so this level right here, the wear and tear is becoming faster than the normal because we have a flexible part, and it's already at a level that is not that good. ‐ Sometimes we get these opportunities to come back, and it's like, "Oh, can you manage this superstar and be ringside?" But there's activity going on the ring. Like, you know, you're standing right there. ‐ That's the problem with you, Nikki. You always come around like, "What about if I just put my foot on the door?" ‐ Are there any chances of being hurt? Yeah. ‐ So what are the chances that someone comes outside of the ring, hits you and smashes you from the back, and then‐‐'cause that's part of the show. We're talking about big risks, you know? I mean, easily, one bad move is paralysis. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I mean, like you're not able to walk again. Your life would be over basically. And I know it's hard for you, Nikki, but... ‐ What is this? ‐ Making Artem a vision board. Do you want to help me? ‐ Does he know you're doing this? ‐ No. ‐ I really don't know anyone that's ever made their boyfriend, "boyfriend" a vision board. ‐ And I'm not everyone. ‐ The men we're with, they don't like the chaos that you and I put ourselves through. I think what we need to ask Artem and Nicole is, um‐‐ how do I say this, um, how we can become a little more PDA again in public? ‐ Is that what you want? ‐ Everything. Well, I mean, it'd be nice a little bit. What do you think if you took Birdie back home to Phoenix and I stayed in L. A. For the next few days to get all my stuff done? ‐ How am I supposed to even show PDA when we never even see each other? We have enough, and at what point‐‐ ‐ And at the time, I was just starting to start‐‐ ‐ At what point is it enough? ‐ Nattie, I'm so happy you came to do this with me. ‐ I know. I love Artem's house. ‐ Isn't it cute? ‐ I mean, I can tell he's got such a nice sense of, like, taste. ‐ Yeah, you know he did this whole kitchen, like, on his own. ‐ It's amazing, it's beautiful. ‐ Today, Nicole and I are gonna be recording our podcast, and we got to be really cool to have Nattie as a guest. ‐ Have you ever met Artem? ‐ No. ‐ Oh, Nicole's with them right now. I actually want to talk to you. So Nicole is not gonna go to SmackDown. ‐ But you guys‐‐you're supposed to walk the blue carpet. ‐ We're supposed to, but she feels that if she can't wrestle, she doesn't want to just be backstage 'cause that's not what her fans want to see her doing. Ever since Nicole met with Dr. Uribe, she kind of just feels like her career is over, and my sister knows she can never go back in the ring. And I know that's why she doesn't want to go to SmackDown. ‐ For a long time, TJ didn't want to be around wrestling because it reminded him of everything he couldn't do. ‐ TJ is Nattie's husband. He used to wrestle for WWE, but now he's a producer. You know, Nattie went through a lot with injuries, with TJ, and I'm really happy Nattie is here today to just give her a little light on what she can do in her career. Natalya Neidhart is here. ‐ I really miss the smell of you, Nattie. ‐ I know. ‐ Aww. ‐ Oh, my gosh. I miss Nattie's smell every day. ‐ I'm doused in cream 'cause I have so many issues. I got punched in the throat earlier this week. ‐ I can't even imagine‐‐ ‐ But are you doing okay? ‐ Yeah, I'm doing fine. It's just‐‐you know, it just kind of reminds you, at any moment, things can change like that. I'm not 21. ‐ Yeah. ‐ When you're young, you think you're invincible. And for me, I'm 37. ‐ If wrestling was to come to an end tomorrow, like what is it like you would want to do? Is it just be retired the rest of your life? ‐ Sometimes we get sad and think, "When my career is done, like, what else am I gonna do?" And there's so many things I can do. I would love to do some behind the scenes stuff. As much as I want to be Mae Young... There's a time and a place where we need to evolve and grow as people. ‐ I agree. ‐ Stop and appreciate who you are and what you have to offer the world. ‐ I need to remind myself of that. It is so amazing to see Nattie. No matter how long it's been since I've seen her, she just brings a lot of comfort to me. These were the words that I needed for my soul. This is like chicken soup to my soul, as they say. Hearing Nattie has made me mentally feel like I'm in the right place to go to SmackDown. Nattie's words are really, really helping me. ‐ Even if it's just one thing special that you can offer the world, it's so important because all of those little special things add up to something big. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I have to admit, I needed to hear that today. ‐ Yes. ‐ So thank you. ‐ So where are you taking me? ‐ You know, I already have like three vision boards, but I made a set like a new one. And I think actually you should have one. I'm struggling with what I'm going through with my neck. It's hard to hear that you're never allowed to something again that you love, but hearing Nattie talk, that gave me hope of like, "Yeah, I mean, fearless Nikki doesn't have to just "make an impact in the wrestling ring. She can make an impact somewhere else." I'm a go‐getter, a hustler, workhorse, but being with Artem, I have learned not everyone's like that. Pick out some magazines so we could go home and make some boards. ‐ And that's supposed to help me to get, what? ‐ To envision what you want to do in the next step of your life, your next chapter. ‐ What would you, like, envision? ‐ I don't know. ‐ Artem hasn't been working for a few months now. What are your goals, Artem? ‐ First, find a job. ‐ You will. You're gonna get something, I know you. I'm the type of person, like strike while the iron is hot. Like, people want to know what you're up to next, and Artem waits for the right moment. But go get the moment. That's what I'm about. You need something in the arts. And‐‐oh, "House & Garden" for sure. Ooh, I think you would kill it in the fashion industry. You could be a model. You've got good genes. Your dad's hot. ‐ I don't know. ‐ He's like 65. ‐ Yeah, he's Russian. We're preserved better because we're in the cold eight months of the year. ‐ Serious. And then maybe‐‐Brad Pitt's right there, look in "GQ." Plus, I feel like you kind of look like him. ‐ So now you want me to get tattoos, look like Brad Pitt, become a model. Who do you think I am? Wow. ‐ I don't know. I'm just trying to help you find work. ‐ Why? Just because I don't have a job right now, you're trying to help me find work by doing this? Nicole does have a tendency to kind of steer me in a direction she wanted to steer, and it comes from a very good place. God, this was a great walk, and then it turned into like Artem has no goals, no job, and everything about me. Is that supposed to make me feel good or is that supposed to make me feel? ‐ Oh, my gosh, Artem. ‐ I just want her to have a trust in me that I'm not just sitting around and not doing anything, you know, because if she sees it as that, it's kind of sad. And I already invested in the one job ten years, and then look where it got, so... ‐ Hey, you've had an incredible career, Mr. Artem. Everything comes to an end. I don't get to fight in the ring anymore. I think part of me, like, pushing this vision board so much is it's just I really want him to find something that he had with "Dancing with the Stars." I want him to have that security, and I just don't want him to be jobless forever. You're gonna thank me. ‐ We'll see. ‐ Here you go. Thank you so much. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Have a good day. ‐ All right, well, this was a great experience. Shall we go? ‐ Yeah. Aww. ‐ I really want to get out. ‐ So I think we're gonna start with this look. ‐ And they're good with everything barefooted? ‐ Yeah, perfect, yeah. ‐ Ooh, nice. Good. ‐ I was like I'd rather you guys be barefoot than wearing flat shoes. God forbid. ‐ Yay! ‐ Nice. This is gorgeous, you guys. Beautiful. ‐ ♪ Now give me that, give me that ♪ ‐ Nice. ‐ SmackDown is in L. A. So we're staying at a hotel. ‐ Brie, that's beautiful what you're doing. ‐ So I am crazy busy this week. The position I'm in now, starting a new career, you just can't stop and take breaks and come back thinking momentum will still be there. The minute the momentum is happening, you got to go with it, and sometimes I have to make sacrifices and decisions that might keep me away from my family a couple days. But right now is the time. I just know, soon enough, I will have a time where I could kick back and relax, but that time is not now. ‐ All right, here we go. Soft, beautiful, gorgeous. Eyes on me. Beautiful. This is amazing! ‐ Hello! ‐ Hey. ‐ I come bearing food. ‐ Were you gonna knock? ‐ I don't have to knock. It's your house. ‐ That's why I wish you didn't have a key. ‐ What is this? ‐ Making Artem a vision board. Do you want to help me? ‐ Does he know you're doing this? ‐ No. But he'll know when he gets home or when he goes to bed and I put it in front of his sink. ‐ You might be a nightmare of a girlfriend. ‐ Or the best bomb girlfriend in the world. ‐ I really don't know anyone that's ever made their boyfriend, "boyfriend" a vision board. ‐ And I'm not everyone. ‐ Poor Artem. My sister is just gonna control his whole life. Her making this vision board, I really don't think it's for Artem. It's not who Artem is. It's who Nicole wants Artem to be, and those are two different things. ‐ Coffee. He wants to own a coffee shop. So if you find a really cool coffee shop‐‐ ‐ What? So have him do a business plan, not a vision board. ‐ Actually, tell me if you find any good builder stuff 'cause I definitely feel that's what he can do. Should I put ballerina shoes? Maybe he can book a ballet. I have Brad Pitt because‐‐ ‐ Because why? ‐ Artem kind of looks like Brad Pitt. When he was‐‐ ‐ Aw, that's so cute. ‐ You're such a bitch. I just need to find something that's like wanting to be a professional chef. Oh, look it, he does love the piano. ‐ But that piano's on fire. ‐ Yeah, like a fire under his ass. You know what I mean? I feel bad. But I just feel like this will, like, really help Artem. ‐ Yeah, but one thing you do have to remember is people, especially the men we are with, they don't like the chaos that you and I put ourselves through. Like Bryan can't believe how many things I juggle. ‐ I know, but I just know, like, Artem can do so much. ‐ Yeah, I know, coffee shop, choreography, ballet, build a house, and look like Brad Pitt, all in one. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Watching Nicole and Artem makes me remember how Bryan and I were in the beginning. We were exactly that. I was that girl too. ‐ Oh, Leo would be a good one. Where did Leo‐‐ ‐ That poor man. There's other men's heads on here and‐‐oh, David Beckham, put David Beckham's head on. ‐ Oh, yeah. Perfect. Artem and I, our personalities are the exact opposite. Like, he's an introvert. I'm an outrovert. Is that how you say it, I think, an outrovert? Extrovert. Do I cut out the chick? Oh, my God, it kind of does look like Artem in the back, the tattoos on the arm and the beard and the hair. ‐ Yeah, but is he gonna visualize making dinner with a blonde? ‐ Get me a brunette. ‐ You want Demi Moore's head? ‐ Yeah, give me Demi Moore's head. Like I don't know what his dreams are. I don't know anything he wants. I've been working really hard on a vision board for you. ‐ Oh. ‐ Come here. ‐ Is that your vision board, you just like extended it? ‐ No, it's what I visualize for you because I know you so well. ‐ ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ I see your talents, and I feel like the world hasn't remotely seen what you can do. I'm trying to light a fire under your ass. ‐ I forgot to tell you. ‐ What? ‐ I got an audition for the show Renee and Booker T are hosting. ‐ You didn't your own text? ‐ No! ‐ ‐ Whoa, like Bird‐Bird. ‐ It's nice we found some parks here in L. A. Whoa! Mr. Danielson. Yeah, you know, Bird, this one isn't gonna work out for Mama. ‐ That's not gonna work out for Mama, sweet girl. ‐ Maybe Daddy wants to get on this one with Mama. ‐ Okay. ‐ Oh, yeah. ‐ I'm not sure this is made for us. I've never actually really been behind you like this. ‐ We never rode a moped together? ‐ Did we not? ‐ Maybe I can let Artem‐‐ Or I can ask Artem if I can ride his motorcycle and you can hop on the back. ‐ I think what we need to ask Artem and Nicole... ‐ Uh‐huh. ‐ Is how do we, uh‐‐ how do I say this? How we can become a little more PDA again in public 'cause all they do is kiss face in front of everyone and everything‐‐ ‐ Is that what you want? Well, I mean, it'd be nice a little bit. ‐ Well, you know, it's interesting though because it's like every time I come home, I kiss you a bunch. But then every time I do, it's almost like you're looking at your phone or doing business. ‐ Oh, my gosh, no. ‐ It's so true, it's so true. ‐ Bryan, that is so in your head. And sometimes I feel like you always pick the times when I'm like in the middle of an email. ‐ That's not true. ‐ Yes, it is. We don't have PDA anymore. Like, we either joke about it that like, "Ha‐ha‐ha, it's not there anymore, it's funny." Or we just ignore it because we're too tired. We just still need to understand how it is to be a married couple, parents, and just career people. Like Bryan and I just haven't been able to find all that yet. You used to, like, pinch my butt and do certain things. You don't do that anymore. ‐ In public? ‐ Yeah. ‐ No. That's not my deal. Does Artem pinch Nicole's butt? I never see him do that. ‐ I was sitting on the couch with him the other night, and his hand was fully on her boob in front of me, which I would not like it if you did that. And I like made a comment, I was like, "Yo, I'm right there." ‐ Maybe now is a good time to start in front of all these children. Is that what you'd like? ‐ No. ‐ Hi, kids. This is how you should interact with other people. ‐ ‐ Right after hearing Brie say our family is not gonna be as big as we had planned it to be, I'm mildly annoyed by the demand for more PDA. When I come here, I'm all about Brie and Birdie, but Brie's got Birdie, she's got Nicole, she's got her businesses, she's got all these other things. And so it's easier for me to fall kind of by the wayside, and that's one of the compromises that we've made, and I think that's the issue. We're both feeling this disconnection. It just shows kind of where we're at in our relationship. ‐ Bye‐bye. ‐ Bird‐Bird, do you want to dip? ‐ Let's do the dip first, ready? ‐ Dip. ‐ Whoa! ‐ Dip. Dip. ‐ Dip. ‐ Yay! Dip, dip, dip. ‐ Aww. ‐ Okay. ‐ Whoa. ‐ Whoa. ‐ ‐ Yeah. Yep, coming up. ‐ One, two, three! ‐ Whoa! ‐ No. ‐ Well, I have a presentation. ‐ Oh, gosh. ‐ So hear me out first before I present this 'cause I've been working really hard. ‐ Oh. ‐ And I don't need sound effects from the peanut gallery. So I've been working really hard on a vision board for you. ‐ Oh, my God, you just can't let go of the vision board. ‐ No, I can't because I know what it's done for me and my career and my personal life. Can I just go through it with you? ‐ Oh, my God. What is that? ‐ It's called hard work and love. Come here. ‐ Is that your vision board, you just like extended it? ‐ No, it's what I visualized for you because I know you so well. ‐ But why is there like a whole bunch of women everywhere? Why would I want to visualize a whole bunch of women? ‐ I have to see this. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ A little embarrassed for you, but it's okay. ‐ That's weird. That's so weird. ‐ I feel like I have to like take care of him, like‐‐ ‐ That's so weird. Nicole made a vision board for Artem? That doesn't seem like something that you should do for somebody else. Like, here's what I want you to envision for your future. ‐ What is this section? ‐ Paris fashion, because you and I always want to do stuff in Paris. That's dancing. Since you got cut from "Dancing with the Stars‐‐" I mean, time is money, Artem. You know what I mean? ‐ I know. ‐ And like, you know entertainment. We all can be done in 15 minutes. I see your talents and I feel like the world hasn't like remotely seen what you can do. Over here, I have construction, and I have like home stuff because you're so incredible at it, and I honestly think that we could capitalize on that. ‐ Can I just ask you a question? ‐ I wasn't done. ‐ So this is our vision board or it's my vision board? ‐ It's your vision board, but I'm in your life. I'm trying to light a fire under your ass. ‐ That vision board, I can't even pronounce right because it's terrible. What makes you think that I don't hustle? I exist and live how I did for many, many years, over‐‐over 30. Let's just‐‐let's just leave it at that. I did survive on my own before, so I kind of know what I'm doing. I just want to be myself. Just because I don't run, storm out of this door saying like, "Hey, I'm gonna go do this right now," it doesn't mean I'm just sitting on my ass doing nothing. I just do it differently than putting it on a vision board. ‐ I'm on Artem's side, Nicole. I think Artem needs to do his own vision the way he does it. Back off. ‐ The thought is good. Maybe the presentation, "These should be your dreams," maybe not as good. ‐ So I was here when Nicole put this picture on, and she was hoping that Artem would age like Brad Pitt. ‐ No, I said he is going to age like Brad Pitt. ‐ She wants‐‐ ‐ That's your vision of him. ‐ Well, Artem looks like Brad Pitt. ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ Why don't you have Bryan just take Birdie home and you stay? ‐ Him being here is a way for us to see each other. ‐ That's sucks. How has it not made your marriage suffer at all? ‐ It's really stressful. ‐ Welcome to the premiere of "Friday Night SmackDown." Classic Charlotte, as she takes down Sasha. ‐ Being in the environment, you feel the energy, you hear the live crowd. I'm so happy that I came. ‐ The most electrifying move in all of entertainment! ‐ It's clothes that fit for Bird. Honestly, one of these would be nice in my place. And your legs pop out. These should not just be for moms. ‐ They're not. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ You know, that's actually cool that it has a remote. ‐ I know. I need this for my workspace. ‐ You have zero space in your office. ‐ Look it, when Artem's talking to me, I'm like, "What?" That always happens. ‐ I need that when Bryan talks to me. ‐ Oh, my gosh. That chair is amazing. ‐ Oh, my gosh. Nicole, look a little Frenchie. ‐ Aw. Okay, what do we need to get Bird? ‐ None of her PJs are fitting, of course. It's like she had a big grow spurt yesterday. ‐ "Suddenly, you are my everything." I feel like I should get Artem that blanket. ‐ Okay, this isn't for Artem. We're here for Bird. ‐ Aww. ‐ 'Cause my poor daughter, we're out of town, and I can't‐‐all of her clothes aren't fitting. I can't believe it. Oh, Nicole. ‐ Yeah. What's going on? ‐ It's not been good at the hotel. ‐ Really? But you guys got a two‐bedroom suite. ‐ Doesn't matter. Birdie's been sleeping so bad. The beds are so uncomfortable. It's just‐‐it's been a miserable stay, part of us wants to go home early. ‐ Why don't you guys just stay at Artem and I's house? ‐ Yeah. Well, is there enough room? ‐ We could always make the office into Bird‐Bird room. ‐ In a perfect business world, if I could have alone time for the next two days, I will get triple the stuff done. I think like that, but then, I do have Bryan and Birdie here. So it automatically makes me be like, "Uh, can I miss this business meeting? Hopefully, they'll make this one shorter." It makes everything more difficult. ‐ What's up? Why are you so stressed? ‐ Look at my life. Yeah. ‐ Why don't you have Bryan just take Birdie home and you stay? Why, you think Bryan will get upset if you tell him to go home? ‐ Probably. ‐ Why? ‐ Why do you think? The thing is we feel like him being here is a way for us to see each other. ‐ Damn, that sucks. I don't envy you. How you always have to try and figure out Birdie is nuts. How has it not, like, made your marriage suffer at all? ‐ I'm just shocked now to see where Bryan and I are at. I never in a million years thought Bryan and I would ever be disconnected or be in that position where we feel like we're drifting away from each other, but we are. It's something we actually have to take serious if we want this marriage to work. It's been really tough having them here, how she's been, I feel like she needs me, but Bryan needs me. It's really stressful. ‐ I swear, when I say you are good birth control, these are the moments. ‐ Whatever. ‐ It's true. ‐ Congratulations. ‐ Thank you. ‐ This is so exciting. ‐ So happy to have you guys here. ‐ I know, we're so happy to be here. ‐ Oh, my God, isn't it? ‐ Yeah, thank you. ‐ Brie, did you want a drink? ‐ Brie and I have a super crazy week, but our good friend Kristen is having a store opening. She's opening a new, like, design store, and she's the one that's designing my house. So we really want to go there and represent, plus, she's promoting her wine, Belle Radici. ‐ I could, like, live in here. ‐ I'm obsessed with that. ‐ Hello! ‐ Hi. ‐ How cute is this? How are you? ‐ I'm good, yeah. ‐ Hey, I forgot to tell you. ‐ What? ‐ I got an audition with the show Renee and Booker T are hosting. ‐ Yeah, like the‐‐ ‐ They're, like, auditioning co‐hosts. So I got a call today to have an audition for the show "WWE Backstage" for a new commentating spot. Nattie was right. Getting this audition, it's definitely made me realize that there's other things I can do in the WWE besides wrestle, that I could still be a part of this amazing family, still have an impact, and it just makes me feel really good. ‐ Did they ask about me? They didn't? ‐ You didn't your own text? ‐ No! That's weird that they wouldn't want the Bella Twins. ‐ Do you think maybe because you say so often, like, Birdie and‐‐ ‐ I think so. ‐ I think they don't want to put the stress on. ‐ I mean, okay, yeah, it would stress me out, but, like, it's nice to be asked and for me to say no. I mean, I am busy. ‐ I was shocked too. That's why I thought, like, oh, maybe 'cause I live in L. A., they were just wondering. ‐ Probably because of that. I don't know. Maybe I'm mistaken but the Bella Twins, we're the tag team. ‐ You say no to a lot of things 'cause of Birdie, which is amazing, so‐‐ ‐ But let me say no again. I am a little jealous. ‐ Maybe they just think I'm hotter. ‐ Maybe‐‐well. ‐ Oh, wait. They don't think I'm hotter. They think I'm more accomplished in the ring. Okay, you guys get drinks. You okay? Seriously? ‐ Yeah. ‐ I felt bad. ‐ I'm sure you do. ‐ When are we supposed to have time together? Do you expect for all of a sudden you to be less busy? ‐ Yes. ‐ When? ‐ I'm hoping by the age of 40. And then I hope we have 40 to 80 together. ‐ Because it will make your life easier, yes, Birdie and I will go home. And then we won't see each other for ten days. That's what our relationship is gonna be. ‐ Three, two‐‐ ‐ She is the longest‐reigning Divas Champion in history. One of the stars of "Total Bellas." We are joined now by Nikki Bella. ‐ That's right. What up, you guys? I'm just kind of nervous because this is something I've never really done before. ‐ Nikki, what do you think of this feud? ‐ Here we go, three‐‐ do the sound take. ‐ She is the longest reigning Diva's Champion in history. One of the stars of "Total Bellas," Nikki Bella. ‐ I got a call for an audition for the show "WWE Backstage." I'm just kind of nervous because this is something I've never really done before. ‐ I mean, the Fiend scares me. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I want to see Seth somewhere else. Like when Seth was such a bad boy, he was so cool. He just came out and he dripped of coolness. Now it's like... ‐ Okay. ‐ I'm saying it how it is. This interview starts to make me feel like going to SmackDown is the right thing because we are family. WWE has been my life for so long, and it's a part of me, and yes, I will miss out on the action in the ring. But I have great friends there. And I have family there. And that's who I need to go and support. ‐ Some of you jerks have hid your keyboards and taken shots at our panels. Now it's time for them to slap a little back. Here we go. "Nikki Bella sucks. "I would rather hear Jillian Hall singing than seeing Nikki wrestle." ‐ Wow. ‐ That actually is quite the burn. ‐ That's bad. ‐ Give it to him. ‐ Where's Nicholas. First of all, Jillian Hall made it iTunes. What did you make it to? So, Nicholas, probably should be named Nikki. Oh, but wait, Nikki could probably beat your ass. Next time when you want to write something, write @bellatwins and say it to my Twitter. B, boom. ‐ She got your ass. ‐ Ahh! ‐ What do you got there? ‐ Steak tartar. Think they put onion in it. ‐ Did they really? No, that's mushroom. ‐ No, that's cucumber. They don't have mushrooms in steak tartar. Aw. ‐ Well, I don't know. It could be their specialty. ‐ Don't. ‐ What? Every time you get like quiet and you like look me in the eye, it's like you're about to‐‐ I don't even know what. ‐ You know how you tried to do a vision board for me? Just for you to know that I do listen, and I take everything very serious. What does that mean? ‐ There is something you need to know about my culture, the way I grew up. My parents are very much very realists. They're not like dreamers where, you know, they dream of a castle, you know, all their life? They kind of see things a little more in reality, you know, and they feel like I have that side of me too that I can see things, it's more realistic than more like, "Hey, I want to be God‐knows‐what." ‐ Yeah. ‐ You know? All of my dreams and hopes, they're very real and they're honest, and they're not just something that I want to put on the paper with hopes like it might happen or not. I don't take my career for granted, what I've done for the past years for granted. So she needs to let me be the captain of my ship, you know, because it means more to me if she will give me that time than continuously to try to navigate me in a direction that I might not necessarily want to go. So I think trust is a big thing. I want you to trust me with it. Like, it's very important. ‐ All I want, Artem, is for you to know your worth. ‐ Okay. ‐ I know that anything you want to be, you can be. Whether that's 2 things or 200 things. I'm not saying you have to build me a castle or you have to be some great thing because that's what vision boards are about or that makes Nicole happy. I want you to do what you want to do so you're happy because when you're happy, then our relationship is happy. I feel like Artem and I right now are on, like, the same journey. Here we both were part of an industry for over a decade, and we both got our hearts broken. And it's like crazy to me because this audition for "WWE Backstage" came out of nowhere, and it just makes me think about Artem. His opportunities are gonna come and I need to stop forcing it. Like, I just need to let the universe do its thing and know that, like, he's gonna be getting those knocks on the door too. ‐ I love you. ‐ Eww. ‐ I was lighting candles, and I was like, "Poor Artem." ‐ It was the chair. Oh, my God, that's stupid. ‐ I couldn't help it. ‐ Whatever. ‐ I felt bad for you. ‐ It is the chair. Right. ‐ I was talking to Nicole. I kind of came up with a good idea. ‐ Okay. ‐ What do you think if you took Birdie back home to Phoenix and I stayed in L. A. For the next few days to get all my stuff done? ‐ When would you come home? ‐ Three days, in the morning. ‐ But then we'd literally get zero days at home because then I have to leave for Australia. We've gotten so little time together because you've just been working. ‐ I don't know, maybe it would be better for you to be back in Phoenix so you don't have to be surrounded by me, just being, you know, buried in work. ‐ Rather than being by you while you're buried in work, it's better for you to be buried in work completely away from us? I don't even get what the point of you doing all this stuff is. Like why‐‐ ‐ Being an entrepreneur, you don't understand that? ‐ Yeah. ‐ You know, the one thing is I love business, I love it. ‐ Since when? ‐ I'm not willing to sacrifice. ‐ When we first started seeing each other, we agreed on we want a simple life. ‐ We evolve as humans, who maybe I was back then, which I do like a simple life, I'm just‐‐ ‐ No, there's nothing about our life that is simple right now. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ When are we just supposed to have a normal relationship? ‐ Our relationship was never normal. Not from the beginning. You and I were always on the road from the beginning. ‐ Okay, maybe normal is the wrong word. When are we supposed to have time together? Without cameras. ‐ What, am I supposed to plan that? Like, plan something? ‐ I've tried to plan stuff. I've tried. ‐ No. ‐ Yeah. But you don't even give me a schedule a day in advance. ‐ You're the one who's frustrated, like, "You don't show enough PDA," all this kind of stuff. How am I supposed to even show PDA when we never even see each other? ‐ I don't complain that you're on the road as much as you are. ‐ No, you're the one who wanted me to sign the contract. I wanted to be not as busy. And then when you wanted me to sign the contract, I fought to have less dates so I could be home more with you and Birdie. ‐ The contract was the only promising thing going for you at the time. ‐ I had other options. ‐ It was not a guarantee. ‐ That's okay. We have enough. And at what point‐‐ ‐ And at the time, I was just starting to start‐‐ ‐ At what point is it enough? ‐ When are we suppose to have time together? ‐ I don't complain that you're on the road as much as you are. ‐ No, you're the one who wanted me to sign the contract. ‐ The contract was the only promising thing going for you at the time. ‐ That's okay. We have enough, and at what point‐‐ ‐ And at the time, I was just starting to start‐‐ ‐ At what point is it enough? ‐ ‐ I just felt like you wanted me, when Birdie came, just kick it at home or something. ‐ I never said that if it was one business. What's taking on too much is three businesses, well, just do it. ‐ This might be a very small time in our relationship. ‐ You expect for all of a sudden you to be less busy? ‐ Yes. ‐ When? ‐ So I'm 35. I'm hoping by the age of 40, less than half of what I'm doing now. That is my goal. And then I hope we have 40 to 80 together. ‐ Short answer to your question, yeah, I'll take Birdie home. But then we won't see each other for 10 days. That's what our relationship is going to be. ‐ Bryan is 100% right. In the beginning of us dating, I was just wrestling and just living my life, and I'm evolving as a woman. I'm getting opportunities I never in my life thought I would ever get. I have worked so hard to get here, and I get it why it's hard for Bryan. We both have changed, and we do both want different things, and we have to be okay with that. Then stay in L. A. I just brought it up because I thought maybe it would make you and Birdie's life easier. ‐ You brought it up because it would make your life easier, and because it will make your life easier, yes, Birdie and I will go home. ‐ A new era begins. Welcome to the premiere of "Friday Night SmackDown." ‐ What's up, guys? ‐ Nikki and Brie Bella, I'm so excited that you guys are joining me right now. It's got to be exciting for you guys to just kind of kick back and take in the show. ‐ Yes. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ You know, we started on "SmackDown," so it's nice to kind of come home and see everyone right up there. ‐ Yeah. Being here on the blue carpet and doing my interview with WWE Backstage, what I've realized is no matter what, if I get the job or not, there will always be opportunities to connect with the WWE Universe. I'm just so excited to have these opportunities and know that they're there. ‐ I wish you guys were back in the ring, tearing it up. ‐ I know. ‐ Now you see what it's like to sit back and watch. ‐ I know. ‐ All I want to do is fight someone. Well, hey, right now, here on the blue carpet. ‐ Uh‐oh. ‐ I'll let you guys win. No problem. ‐ Heck, yeah. ‐ Hi. ‐ How are you doing? ‐ You guys are so pretty. ‐ So good to see you. ‐ Hey, how are you? ‐ I'm good. ‐ I was so nervous to walk into SmackDown. It's turning out to be such a blast. Like, I really love seeing everyone. I miss my WWE family, and I'm so happy that I came. I'm realizing now that I really would have been bummed out if I would have missed out on this. ‐ I think we might be in a pre‐tape real quick, but it's‐‐ ‐ Hey, I'm down. Right? ‐ I mean, I would love‐‐ ‐ Just do a little run in? ‐ Run in. ‐ Heck yeah. ‐ Yeah, we should do it. ‐ I love it. ‐ I feel good. It's good seeing everyone, you know? ‐ I know. Isn't it good seeing everyone? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Welcome to the premiere of "Friday Night SmackDown" on FOX. ‐ Charlotte and Bayley have quite the history. ‐ Oh, my goodness. ‐ Boom. ‐ Double knees. ‐ Down goes Bayley. ‐ Oh! ‐ Classic Charlotte, as she takes out Sasha. ‐ Being in the environment, you feel the energy, you hear the live crowd. ‐ There is nothing like it. You feel that even as talent backstage. ‐ The People's Champ. Oh! The most electrifying move in all of entertainment, the People's Elbow. ‐ If you smell what the Rock is cooking! ‐ Yeah. ‐ I often wonder if this kind of relationship is sustainable at all. There's so much missing, I think, in each of our emotional lives. We need to get back on the same page. Honestly, we're just trying to survive. That's what it feels like. ‐ Are we ready? Okay. ‐ We're ready to rehearse it. Whenever you are. ‐ Nicole. You ready? ‐ Artem! ‐ I'm done, I'm going home. - ‐ No. Why? - ‐ She can pick up her. ‐ The fact that I'm dealing with this is crazy. ‐ Well, it's part of relationships. ‐ Well, then maybe I'm not meant to be in it. I mean, what is it that you want? Wow, we really weren't meant to be. What the did I do? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 