Total Bellas: Season 5, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Total Bellas 
 s5e7 - Bella Vs. Bella - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Total Bellas (2016–…): Season 5, Episode 7 - Bella Vs. Bella - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ‐ What do you think if you took Birdie back home to Phoenix and I stayed in LA for the next few days? ‐ When are we supposed to have time together? ‐ We do both want different things, and we have to be okay with that. ‐ I often wonder if this relationship is sustainable at all. ‐ It's something we have to take serious if we want this marriage to work. ‐ Artem. ‐ I'm done. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ‐ No. Why? ‐ I'm going home. She can pick up her. I ain't gonna put up with this at all. ‐ Last night you said a lot of things that‐‐ ‐ More than I mean. I'm sorry. I love you. ‐ What's going on? ‐ I'm, like, two weeks late. ‐ I hope you and Artem are doing really good. ‐ I haven't told him. ‐ It's a pregnancy test. ‐ I have so many things going for me. There's no way a baby fits into my life right now, like, at all. ‐ Nicole. ‐ Artem and I both know there's things in our marriage we have to fix. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And if you want me to sit here and be silent and go to sleep, I will do that. ‐ I wish we could get pregnant in a healthy way at any age. "Why didn't I get pregnant? Like, what if I'm not able to have kids?" The last thing I want is for my boyfriend to fly back from London and have bitch mode, and freakin' Bryan just makes us all uncomfortable. ‐ Let's not play victims. ‐ Wish I never bought the house next door to you. Bye. ‐ Nicole. ‐ Oh. Nicole. ‐ Hey, Artem. ‐ What's going on, babe? ‐ I'll let you guys be. ‐ Thanks. ‐ A little something, yeah. ‐ Like what? ‐ There's nothing on it. ‐ My mom is forcing me to‐‐ ‐ Is that what I think that is? ‐ No, I haven't peed on it yet. ‐ No, but I understand that you didn't pee on it yet. ‐ Oh, yes. 'Cause I'm late. I'm two weeks late. ‐ Should I pee? ‐ I wish. You have no idea. I wish it worked that way. ‐ Two weeks late? Are you feeling like you're pregnant? ‐ Um... ‐ Oh, really? ‐ Just give it to me, so I can pee, so I could just have everyone be quiet. ‐ I'll come with you in case you're cheating. I always wanted to have a family. I always wanted to have kids, so this is very real for me. I love Nicole, and I see a future with Nicole, and part of it is to have a family, so, I mean, it's kind of exciting. ‐ Just don't look me in the eye. ‐ There's mirrors everywhere. I can see you regardless where I look. ‐ Just don't. ‐ Ohh. There you go. Almost there. ‐ How much do you need? Me. I can't believe I'm doing this. ‐ It's not like I've taken a pregnancy test, ever, so I don't know how much you need. ‐ Oh, no, I can't see. ‐ Do you want me to have light for you? ‐ Oh, my gosh. Get out of here. And don't stare, weirdo. I think I got it. Well, Mom, you were all curious. ‐ Did you take it? ‐ Not funny. ‐ Well, could I just say something? ‐ No. ‐ What? ‐ I love how my whole family gets involved in my vagina and my life. ‐ Nicole, just hear us out. Bryan and I just had a quick chitchat over crackers, and we're willing to adopt your baby. And we came up with the perfect name. ‐ What? Artemis what? ‐ Artem, what are the results? ‐ It's negative. ‐ Negative. ‐ Oh. ‐ Let me see. ‐ Part of me is sad. ‐ Oh, my gosh, is it? ‐ Aren't part of you sad? ‐ Yeah. ‐ I had really gotten my hopes up. ‐ How do you guys feel? ‐ Relieved. ‐ Bummed. ‐ Happy. ‐ Bummed? ‐ It's a bit sad. You know, like, I do want to have a family, and I actually really do think of that future with this woman, so it sucks, because there was kind of, like, a slight hope for something that I do know I want, and it's negative. ‐ Why are you bummed? ‐ Is it that bad to be pregnant? ‐ It's life‐changing. I'm so relieved. I love our life how it is now. ‐ Okay. ‐ I feel like you get so sad. ‐ Um, well, I'm not feeling like, "Oh, my God, this is the happiest day of my life." No, absolutely not. ‐ Okay. ‐ I'm just saying. ‐ I love Artem to death, but why would I want to be pregnant? My companies need my attention 24‐7, which is already difficult, and then podcasts, the YouTube channel, and a wine tour. Like, there's a lot of things I need to check off my list. By the way, I don't even know what Artem's beliefs are with kids. That would freak me out. All of the sudden I'm gonna have a baby with this guy, and I don't even know his values on raising a kid? We've only been dating for, what, not even a year. And I like our time alone together. ‐ Cool. Well, you're not pregnant. Congratulations. ‐ Oh, my gosh. Well, I'm gonna go celebrate. I'm gonna go down a bottle of wine. Mom, you want to go to happy hour? ‐ Hell yeah. ‐ With crop tops? ‐ Three, two, one, up. Grab those hips. No cheating. Speed it up. There you go. Nice one. How about a butter cake? Keep going. Who's gonna crack first? ‐ Ugh! ‐ Perfect. ‐ All right, great job, guys. ‐ Thank you. See, you John. ‐ Thank you. ‐ You're welcome. ‐ When does Bryan get back from the road? ‐ He gets back tomorrow. So Bryan and I both know there's things in our marriage we have to fix. Like, he and I kind of are just, like, two ships in the night that just pass each other, and it's like, "Okay, like, this is our life for the next six months," and kids disrupt things too. ‐ I'm with you more than anyone, and I think vice‐versa. I've noticed that. I've seen the effects it's had on your marriage. ‐ Yeah. It's just, like, we've become best friends. ‐ The intimacy goes away a little bit. ‐ Yeah, we still try to figure that part out. ‐ And I don't just mean sex. I mean, like, your attention with each other. ‐ Right, 'cause I got to give to Bird, I have to give it to the dogs, I have to give it to my businesses, I have to give it to everyone, and it's a lot. It's, like, a lot. There's not that many hours in the day. Lately I feel like I've just kind of been on this path of, like, finding the things I want to do for my life and to make myself feel better. I feel, like, free from, like, wanting to please everyone, and I just started to think about stuff, and I'm like, "Gosh, Brie, like, what do you want out of life?" Oh, jeez. ‐ You just got to do what you want to do. There's so many rules in life. Can't we all just have fun? ‐ So one last thing. Is Artem a rebound, or is this, like, the real deal? What? ‐ How dare you call my man a rebound. ‐ I mean‐‐ ‐ He's not a rebound. You can't help when someone waltzes into your life. Be nice, Brie. ‐ I will be. ‐ All right, so we're gonna just put her hair into a ponytail, just like that. What are you watching? ‐ I'm learning how to braid Bird's hair. ‐ What, are you gonna practice on her head or my head? ‐ I was gonna use my head. ‐ Your head? ‐ Can I use your head? ‐ I don't know if I'm gonna regret this. ‐ Sit at the edge of the bed. Edge of the bed. ‐ At the edge? Oh, my gosh. I'm, like, nervous. ‐ Edge of the bed. Okay. ‐ Ow. You have to be gentle. Isn't it nice how quiet it is? ‐ It is nice. ‐ I mean, it's nice having Artem and Nicole around. Is it nice? ‐ Bryan. ‐ What? ‐ We love having them around. ‐ We love it. Behind the back, behind the back. ‐ We really need to, like, train ourselves how to be alone again, don't we? ‐ What do you mean? ‐ Like, do adult‐‐ ‐ You're already bored of talking to me as I'm braiding your hair and trying to learn something to make me a better dad? ‐ Ouch. ‐ Hold on. Stop whining. Ta‐da. Oh, my gosh. ‐ Is it good? ‐ It's not horrible. ‐ It feels crooked. ‐ I mean, yeah. ‐ I mean, it's not good, but it's not horrible. ‐ It's not good. ‐ Lately with Bryan and I, for some reason, every lighthearted moment we have turns into, like, some competition or some dig. ‐ You should give me a foot massage. ‐ Do you want to massage my feet? ‐ I'll massage your feet. ‐ I say we take pictures of our braid, we send them to Nicole, and then we see who has the best braid. That feels really good. ‐ Why are you worried about Nicole when we're having alone time? ‐ No, I just wanted to see, like, you know, who had the best braid. ‐ You can't just enjoy the fact that your husband's massaging your feet? We have these moments, like, man, we're connecting; we're having fun. I mean, competing over who does the better braid is, like‐‐that's, like, fun. But then all of a sudden it becomes about Nicole. ‐ I mean, if you want me to sit here and be silent and go to sleep, I will gladly do that. ‐ I'd love for you guys to get some bonding time in. ‐ Yeah, I mean, I'd love to go fishing, so I was wondering if you would be even interested in doing something like that. ‐ Not really, but thank you for the offer. ‐ Everyone has kids except for me. I mean, everyone's on, like, number two or three, and I really want a kid, but then I just freak out. I know that a lot of things change for women when they turn 35 as far as fertility, so in this moment right now, I'm like, "Why didn't I get pregnant? Like, what if I'm not able to have kids?" ‐ What's going on here? ‐ I thought we were redecorating. ‐ No, you have to put your clothes away. Hey, you know I get irked or however you say that. ‐ Ow. You get what? ‐ Like, it irks me. ‐ Irk? What's that, irk? ‐ Like, eww. Artem and I have been staying at Brie's house, because she has a guest room. She's right next door, so I can keep an eye on my builders. It's just been a little hard, because Artem's house is in LA. Like, he is fully based in LA, and we've been going back and forth. It's becoming a little inconvenient. Artem, our sex life has suffered. Don't. Why do you give me that look? You're the worst. ‐ Rah‐rah‐rah‐rah. We have, like, a good 30 minutes. ‐ We got 30 minutes? ‐ Yeah, you got, like, 30 seconds. ‐ We got 30 minutes? ‐ Yeah. Hide. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Ohh‐hoo. ‐ Ohh. You just cracked my back. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Thanks, Bryan. ‐ Thank you, Bryan. ‐ Ooh, Bird, look at the fire. Ooh, how is that? Mommy's gonna... ‐ Thank you. ‐ You know, Artem is going to London this week for a show. ‐ It's a gig? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Artem is in the "Guinness Book of World Records" for doing the most Botafogo steps‐‐ I think I'm saying that right‐‐ in 30 seconds, and his record's being challenged, so Artem has to head to London to go defend it. It's just a few days. ‐ Yeah. ‐ You know what? I'd love for you guys to get some bonding time in. What if you teach Bryan, like, some ballroom dance moves? ‐ Bryan, it'd be really cool if you kind of brought Artem into your world and then Artem brought you into his world. ‐ Yeah, I mean, I'd love to go fishing, so I was wondering if you would be even interested in doing something like that. ‐ Not really, but thank you for the offer. ‐ Not really? ‐ It's, like, really cute, because I could tell that Artem is trying to connect with Bryan. You know, he's asking him to go fishing, which I was like, "Artem, he's vegan. Like, you shouldn't ask him to go fishing." But that's okay. ‐ We have this great picture of me and my dad and my sister, where my dad is holing this fish, this big fish, and my sister's big smiling, and there's me just, like, crying on the side. And I just‐‐ just the idea of, like‐‐ I just always pictured myself as the fish. We're like, "Oh, look, here's food." And then I eat the food, and then I get dragged for forever, and then I get dumped in water, because it's the opposite for fish, right, so they come out of the water, and they can't breathe. ‐ Oh, no. That sounds terrible. ‐ Yeah, sort of not my thing. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I feel like Nicole is very close to Brie, and them being so close, it's important to me to be more involved in Bryan's life as well, but unfortunately, we like to do completely different things in life. ‐ Well, maybe something else. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Did I tell you about the house? ‐ No. ‐ That it got postponed for, like, three more weeks. ‐ No way. ‐ Um... ‐ So you guys will probably still need to stay with us and use the closet and stuff? ‐ You don't care if we stay longer? ‐ To stay in our house? ‐ If that's okay with you guys. ‐ Yeah, for sure. I was gonna take stuff out of storage to put back in that closet, but I'm fine. How many more weeks? ‐ Probably, like, three. ‐ I'm okay with Artem and Nicole staying with us. When it becomes an issue is when it's all the time, and then Brie is doing more with them, so that's when their presence in our house is a sacrifice to our relationship. ‐ Okay, we should probably get going. You ready, sweet face? ‐ Bye, little monkey. ‐ I am not a monkey. ‐ That is so cute. ‐ Bye. Thank you. Well, that dinner was nice. ‐ Yeah. ‐ The food was really good. ‐ The veggies were great. Staying at our house another three weeks, huh? ‐ I mean, it's not what we planned, but I'm not too upset by it. ‐ I think mostly because you don't care if we get alone time or not. ‐ Bryan, that is not why. ‐ Yeah. It's just a little frustrating to me when we're getting so little alone time together already. ‐ Which sucks, but it's okay. I mean, on the bright side, I have my wine buddy with me. ‐ Oh, boy. Yeah, my favorite thing is, like, when I come out at night, and the three of you are watching TV, and all of you are staring at your phones. ‐ You know what's gonna be nice about having them there is, I have some people on my side. I feel like I have my people. ‐ People alongside with you averaging seven hours plus of screen time a day. ‐ I'm ignoring you. ‐ This is a weird‐‐ ‐ I'm ignoring you. ‐ It's a weird thing to happen. ‐ I'm ignoring you. I feel like Bryan and I are drifting further apart, and we both look at relaxing differently, and I can tell it bothers him. ‐ Do you want me to grab your food? ‐ No, just give me a piece of chicken and I'll be fine. ‐ Do you want‐‐ I can give you more. ‐ No, that's good. ‐ Are you sure? ‐ Yeah. Gonna go pack. ‐ Hey, do you have to bring any special outfits? ‐ For what, for going to London? ‐ London. ‐ Yeah. I mean, I got to bring my tights, like, special dancing tights to give me, like, aerodynamic movement, you know, so I can get a lot of‐‐ ‐ That'd be smart. ‐ Thanks. ‐ Let me see what you're bringing. I don't know about this. ‐ Why? It's a very nice shirt, by the way. ‐ Mm‐hmm. Maybe you should FaceTime Bryan and have him help you pack. It's gonna be all flannels. You love flannels. Oh, my God, there's something you guys connect with. You both wear flannels a lot. ‐ I'm trying to figure it out, how to bond with Bryan, and the things that I like to do he doesn't necessarily like to do. ‐ Ask him to, like, construct something. I don't know. That's, like, what bros like to do, right? ‐ He likes yoga. I don't like yoga. ‐ Maybe talk about podcasts. Listen to one together. ‐ That is the strangest thing. "Hey, do you want to listen to a podcast together? Because I think it's gonna be a lot of fun." ‐ Why don't you go cha‐cha your way in there and pick out some more outfits? ‐ Oh, I will. Don't worry about it. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Aww, Artem. Look how cute you look. ‐ Aww. ‐ Look at my eyes. ‐ Wow, hot. ‐ Lookit, I'm at the shoot right now. ‐ It's today? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, that's amazing. ‐ All right, A. Well, I love you. I'll call you later, okay? ‐ Oh, I see. Okay. Well, I love you, and I miss you. ‐ I love you too. I miss you too. ‐ Okay. Bye. ‐ Okay. I'll call you in a bit. Mwah! ‐ Okay. Bye. ‐ Okay. Bye. ‐ Bye. ‐ How you feeling, Brie? ‐ Good. I'm excited. ‐ Me too. ‐ How about you? How are you feeling? ‐ Good. My skin. ‐ You've been dealing with some breakouts the last month, I feel like. ‐ I wonder the day I get pregnant, how big my boobs are gonna get. ‐ I'd be so interested to see you as, like, a pregnant lady. ‐ Yeah, I'm about to be 36, so everyone has kids except for me. I mean, everyone's on, like, number two or three. ‐ Right. ‐ And I really want a kid, and I feel like, like, lately I've had a little bit of baby fever, but then I just freak out of, like‐‐ ‐ Having your own? ‐ Yeah, and just, like, I really love my career. That's my baby. ‐ Right, yeah. ‐ And so I have a live‐in boyfriend. We're very serious, but‐‐ ‐ You're not there yet. ‐ Yeah, it just freaks me out. Nothing keeps you attached. ‐ Really? 46? ‐ Healthy, everything fine. ‐ Everything perfect? ‐ Wow, that gives me hope. ‐ Yeah. ‐ That's amazing. ‐ I know. ‐ Now, did you sister want kids? ‐ Yeah. ‐ I just wish there wasn't time on it. I wish we could get pregnant, like, in a healthy way at any age. ‐ After having the pregnancy scare, it started to make me think of my age. Like, okay, I'm 35 years old, and I know that a lot of things change for women when they turn 35 as far as fertility, so in this moment right now, I'm like, "Why didn't I get pregnant? Like, what if I'm not able to have kids?" Sometimes that mind Fs the out of me. ‐ Nicole? I thought you were getting in tonight. ‐ No, I got in early. I wanted to beat traffic. ‐ Just next time let me know exactly the game plan. ‐ I told you I was coming in today. I didn't know that I had to send you an exact ETA. ‐ Can Daddy color with you? ‐ You use purple. ‐ ‐ I use purple. Daddy's gonna color this bubble purple. Do you want Daddy to be a bear for Halloween? ‐ Bear says roar. ‐ Bear says roar. ‐ Bryan. ‐ Yes. ‐ I just did our calendar. It's horrible. ‐ Better or worse than my coloring of bubbles? Worse. ‐ So I was trying to look for a free date night, and I'm having a hard time trying to find a free day, because if you look... ‐ Okay. ‐ The red dots are when I'm busy. The blue dots are when you're busy. ‐ Look at the 28th. ‐ Oh, my gosh, no. I just booked something with Lionsgate on the 28th. What's the 25th? The 25th you're headed to Australia. ‐ Oh, you're‐‐oh. What about the‐‐what about the following Saturday? ‐ So I have "USA Today." ‐ Uh‐huh. ‐ And then I have to do a dinner thing at Buck & Rider. I really miss date nights. I really miss when Bryan and I would be spontaneous and go do something fun, but Bryan and I are in this weird part in our marriage where we're just kind of coasting with what we're doing, but I'm a little nervous that it's gonna be like this forever and we're gonna really start to drift away from each other and disconnect. ‐ But you do stuff with Birdie all the time. ‐ Oh, my God, she's ruining my calendar. This might be our issue in our marriage. We always put Birdie first, but, you know, we just never have alone time. Like, it would be nice if this was our calendar. ‐ Yeah, it's fine that Birdie comes first. It's just not great when Daddy comes number four. That's how Daddy feels sometimes. ‐ What the? Okay. ‐ Hey. ‐ Nicole? Jesus. I thought you were getting in tonight. ‐ No, I got in early. I wanted to beat traffic, so I got on the road really early. You all right? ‐ Yeah. ‐ You want help? ‐ Just next time, you probably want to put your luggage in your room. ‐ Sorry, I just literally just drove in, had to pee so bad, and I'm starving. ‐ Yeah, just... Room's down the hall. ‐ I know. I stay here a lot. ‐ Are you eating the turkey? ‐ Yeah, why? ‐ 'Cause Bird was gonna eat that for lunch. I totally forgot to get you more. ‐ There's, like, a whole thing. ‐ Okay, perfect. I just forgot to buy some. What made you want to come in early? ‐ I told you, because I wanted to beat traffic. If I would've left later, it would've taken me, like, probably eight or nine hours. I wanted to get here in, like, five to six. ‐ Okay. ‐ Plus, Artem's gonna fly straight from London to here. ‐ Oh. I put some of the blankets back in. Do I need to take them out now? ‐ What do you mean? ‐ 'Cause they were just hanging out in my bedroom closet. ‐ Well, I mean, I would like to have the full closet. Like, I had to bring even more stuff, 'cause now I'm in here for, like, three weeks because of my house. ‐ Well‐‐ ‐ Dude, what's your deal? ‐ Nothing. It's just‐‐ I didn't even think‐‐I‐‐ I didn't get enough groceries, and I didn't even think‐‐ ‐ Well, I'll get my own groceries. I never asked you to buy me groceries. ‐ It's not that you have to get your own groceries. Just next time let me know exactly the game plan. Just... ‐ I told you I was coming in today. I didn't know that I had to send you an exact ETA. ‐ Well, I just like to get stuff done without, like, everyone in my house, and, like, I didn't realize you were parking your car in my garage, and then you left your luggage right at the front. I have all my‐‐ I asked you. I have all my in the car. What do you want me to do, leave it on the street? You bitch about robbery. You bitch about all this. I asked you if I could put it in the garage, and you said yes. ‐ All you have to do is call and ask me that. ‐ I asked you, but you never listen. ‐ Okay, whatever, Nicole. ‐ What? ‐ I said whatever, Nicole. ‐ If I leave, like, a dish in the sink for, like, more than ten minutes, you get on me. ‐ Because I like when the dishes are clean. That is not true. You're such a liar. ‐ I mean, I like when my dishes are done, and I feel like when you and Artem stay, I'm always cleaning up after you guys. ‐ I always clean my dishes. You know that. ‐ Artem doesn't. ‐ And yours. Well, then discuss that with Artem. That's not my fault. I'm not his mom. I'm his girlfriend. Big difference. ‐ This is so not like Brie. Like, she's getting so mad at people for leaving a dish, and I'm like, "Okay, I know my sister really, really well." Like, something else has to be going on, because this whole thing doesn't‐‐ it's just not making sense to me. This is perfect that you acted this way, because you know what? ‐ I acted? ‐ Artem and I are just gonna get an Airbnb. It's not like Bryan's even reached out and tried to, like, make friends with Artem or make him feel comfortable; or you're being a bitch. ‐ Are you serious? ‐ So the last thing I want is for my boyfriend to fly back from London and have bitch mode, and freakin' Bryan just makes us all uncomfortable, so... ‐ Okay, let's not play victims. Maybe you and Artem‐‐ ‐ I'm not playing a victim, Brie. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I'm being honest. I would never treat you like this. ‐ You have. ‐ You're such a bitch. I'm out of here. Wish I never bought the house next door to you. Bye. ‐ Whatever. That's her dish, and that's her dish, and that's her dish, so she left. Bryan, I think you need to put a little effort then with Artem. ‐ Why? ‐ Because obviously you make him feel, like, not wanted. ‐ I can only give so much. ‐ I have a question for you. Will you answer it honestly? If I couldn't have kids, would you still be with me? ‐ Oops. Smarter than the door. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Ooh. Be very careful. There's just way too many cute things in here. ‐ Oh, my gosh you cannot do that. Birdie, you're gentle with the plant. ‐ Be gentle. ‐ For the meditation garden, these are the kind of plants we should get. Yeah. Okay, here's, like, a Bird‐Bird hat. Want to try this one on? You got to be careful. ‐ Whoa, sweet girl. ‐ Now Da‐Da wears the hat? ‐ Guess who I got in a fight with. ‐ Uh, I would be shocked if you got in a fight with Nicole. ‐ I did. When I came home, she got home earlier. She left the luggage right at the front door. She didn't tell me she was getting there early. I just wanted to get everything all nice and ready, but she said something. Artem doesn't feel comfortable in the house, 'cause I think he's trying to get close to you or hang out, and he says you always kind of, like‐‐it's, like, you don't really open up or, like, kind of care to engage. ‐ Yeah, good. That's how I like to keep it. ‐ What do you mean? You do not. ‐ That's how I like to keep it. What's that? ‐ You purposely do that? ‐ No, of course not. ‐ Well, why does he feel like that? ‐ I don't know. ‐ Well, Bryan, I think you need to put a little effort then with Artem. ‐ Why? ‐ Because obviously you make him feel, like, not wanted. ‐ Listen, I can only give so much. ‐ Well, do something with him. ‐ I can't believe that we can barely find time for each other, and now you're asking me to find time for Artem. It's like you're trying to hand me off to Artem, hand off our date nights. You're so worried about‐‐ I'm not listening to you. ‐ I'm not listening to this. ‐ You're like, "I don't want "to do date nights with my husband. Why don't you go hang out with Artem?" ‐ Well, at least you put effort with making someone feel part of the family. ‐ So do you want me to just call Artem up, and we can just chat? ‐ Yeah, that would be awesome, and then ask him if you guys can build where I want the daybed, like, a little patio meditation where you can do yoga. ‐ A is in London, sweet girl, and Mama wants me to be better friends with A. ‐ That's right. Bryan, I need your advice. ‐ I'm in the middle of being kicked by our daughter. ‐ Oh, okay. ‐ Hey, you. You're back. ‐ You're not too busy for me? ‐ I'm sorry. So... ‐ I have no idea. ‐ What do you mean, you have no idea? ‐ Well, everything that I was supposed to do, I ended up not doing, because all they wanted me in the end just to be there and say, like, "I'm the current holder, and there's people gonna attempt to beat my record," and I have no say in it. ‐ I'm so sorry. That sucks. I have a surprise for you. ‐ Whoa, what kind of surprise? ‐ We're gonna go on a date night, straight to it right now, because I know if I take you home first, you're just gonna pass out 'cause you're jet‐lagged, so instead I'm gonna give you some wine, so I can get you buzzed, and we can make love before you pass out. ‐ Got it. Good plan. ‐ Just can't make love at the table, but we can do it when we get back. ‐ Aw, good plan. ‐ Hi. How are you guys? ‐ Thank you. This is a much‐needed date night. Artem is back from London. I am so happy to just have a date night and connect with him and spend time with him, because I need to know where we're at exactly. Can I ask one thing? ‐ Yeah. ‐ When my hair's slicked back like this, I look like a boy. I need a part in the middle, don't I? ‐ No. I like it. ‐ Are you sure? ‐ Yeah. ‐ I feel like I need a part that separates, like, I'm a woman and not a boy. ‐ So what you're trying to say is that guys don't do part in the middle? No. ‐ Your appetizers are here. ‐ Oh. ‐ Oh, thank you. ‐ Siberian caviar, chives, egg whites, and egg yolk. ‐ Can you take a photo of me, so I can post it on my IG and get Brie jealous? ‐ So you do talk. ‐ Oh, no, she'll stalk my IG, and then it'll get her jealous. Okay. ‐ Well, I think you should make up and be back to, you know, being best sisters. ‐ Best sisters. She kicked my luggage down. Like, boom. ‐ Well, I'm hoping that the house is gonna be done soon. ‐ You and me both. I really missed you. ‐ I missed you too. ‐ I like when you're around. ‐ I like to be around. So what else have I missed? ‐ Um... Nothing really. I've just been doing a lot of stuff. I don't know. I have a question for you. Will you answer it honestly? ‐ Well, I always do. ‐ I mean, 100% will you answer it honestly? ‐ Yeah. ‐ I have always wanted to have a kid, but if I couldn't have kids, would you still be with me? ‐ I feel like I'm way more honest in this relationship than you. ‐ Why do you say that? ‐ You don't ever say anything, and I know‐‐ I can see in your eyes that you're feeling things, and you want to say them to me, but you just don't want to deal with whatever wrath you think I'm gonna give you. ‐ Well, that's fair. ‐ We have to stop and work on this, because if we don't, I feel like Bryan and our marriage will end. - I have a question for you. Will you answer it honestly? ‐ Well, I always do. ‐ I think after having the pregnancy scare and seeing the disappointment on Artem's face, I've just been thinking of, like, would he, you know, like, really want to be with me for me or does Artem really just want a family. If I couldn't have kids, would you still be with me? ‐ I don't know. ‐ It's okay to say no, 'cause I know you want to be a dad. ‐ No, I don't know, because I don't know if it's something that I will regret for the rest of my life later on in my life‐‐in our life. I don't know. ‐ I've just been curious. ‐ I mean, look, family is very important to me, and you knew that from the very beginning. ‐ No, yeah. ‐ So‐‐ ‐ And I've always wanted to have a kid. ‐ So why are we having the kid conversation? ‐ Johnny would love this dish, though. I am, like, in the middle of, like, the biggest clicking talk. ‐ Clicking what? Ticking clock ever.. ‐ Clicking talk. ‐ Oh, that's okay. ‐ I'm so sorry. ‐ Don't even worry. ‐ Oh, my goodness. Are you all right? ‐ It's okay. Don't even... I'm gonna go like this. ‐ I'm so sorry. Let me get some for you. ‐ No, I was literally taking a sip as you‐‐don't even worry. ‐ You all right? ‐ I promise. Poor guy. ‐ Oh, you're‐‐ oh, my God, you're so wet. I didn't even see it. ‐ Don't even. ‐ Oh, my God. You're soaking. ‐ I shouldn't have sipped when he was grabbing the wine. It's my fault. It's not, but I feel terrible. ‐ I feel like I should say something. ‐ I'll be mad if you say something. ‐ Well, stay wet then. It's fine. ‐ Good. I want to stay wet. That's actually what I prefer, is staying wet. ‐ Oh. ‐ Anyways. ‐ Bird‐Bird, what are you doing? ‐ Yeah? You're playing with your Mickey choo‐choo? ‐ How many eggs do you want to do? ‐ Four or five if we're gonna do two trays. Speaking of me being proactive and doing incredible things, do you know what else I've done? ‐ All the laundry. ‐ Um, no. I planned us a trip. ‐ Where are we going? ‐ Let it just be a surprise. ‐ Well, who's gonna watch Bird? ‐ Your mother. We'll go next week, and I've scheduled a bunch of fun things to bring us together. ‐ Oh, my gosh. Do you know this is, like, the first time we've ever done this. ‐ My thing is, maybe I haven't been responsible enough in contributing to our relationship, and this is my fix. You sound so excited. ‐ Well, it's 'cause‐‐ you know me, I don't like surprises. I want to know. ‐ Yeah, you sound so excited. ‐ I honestly have been wanting to go on a trip with you forever. ‐ My idea has always been, if we get time together, we spend time around the house, or we spend time in the Phoenix area and all that kind of stuff, but maybe that is what we need to do. Maybe what we need to do is plan a trip to go do something fun, just the two of us. So here we go. Let's see if this works. Let's see if this helps us connect. ‐ What made you, like, really want to do this trip? ‐ Well, the fact that we haven't been connecting very much. We seem to be on completely different wavelengths, except for with Bird. ‐ Yeah. ‐ And I just thought it would be nice for us to have some time where we're not worried about Birdie falling off the counter. ‐ So do you want to give me a little hint where we're going? Can I guess? ‐ No. Well, it's within driving distance, and it's a place from our past. ‐ Are we going to Sedona? ‐ I can't tell you, and by "I can't tell you," I mean yes. ‐ Okay. ‐ No. ‐ Poor Mama. ‐ Poor Mama. ‐ Mommy will come down, but she's still helping you. Well, that makes me happy you want to do that. ‐ But I do hope this trip, like, we can just kind of be really honest with each other... ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ And tell each other what we both want. ‐ Well, that's little bit scarier... ‐ Oh, yeah... ‐ Because that implies to me that you have something super honest that you want to say that you haven't told me yet, but I'll deal with whatever it is, but you can be honest with me anytime. ‐ I know I can. I feel like I'm way more honest in this relationship than you. ‐ Why do you say that? ‐ Because I feel like I'm always, like, sound like I'm‐‐ not that I'm complaining, but like, "Hey, Bryan, this. Hey, Bryan, that. Hey, this, this, this." Where I feel like you don't ever say anything, and I know‐‐ I can see in your eyes that you're feeling things, and you want to say them to me, but you just don't want to deal with whatever wrath you think I'm gonna give you. ‐ Well, that's fair. ‐ I'm surprised, because I don't think Bryan's ever done this, but it makes me feel like he's on the same page as I am. Like, he knows, like, we have to stop and work on this, because if we don't, I feel like Bryan and our marriage will end. ‐ Ohh, come out. ‐ Have you ever read the Dr. Seuss book "The Lorax?" ‐ Mm‐mm. ‐ Oh. ‐ Is it good? ‐ It's really good. ‐ So when I was in London, me and Bryan talked, and apparently Bryan promised Brie a long time ago a garden. ‐ Sorry, friend, but, you know, when mama wants a daybed, ‐ plants have to die. ‐ That's so sad. ‐ It is sad. ‐ It's definitely very unexpected but in the best possible way. ‐ As if we don't have enough spaces to meditate inside, outside. ‐ Grass is not enough. ‐ You have to have the perfect setting, which involves destroying living things and putting up inanimate things. It does look nice, though. I kind of think this whole thing has always been about Nicole and Brie rather than Artem and I. They have this really bizarre relationship, and I suppose it's not even bizarre. It's just they're twins who work together, who are around each other all the time, and so they have some of the wildest fights I've ever seen, but then they‐‐ then they come back together. ‐ You guys, this looks amazing. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Lookit, Birdie helps with the wa‐wa. ‐ Oh, thank you, sweet girl. ‐ Aw, thank you. ‐ Yeah, Win‐Win goes poo‐poo. Do you need to go poo‐poo? You need to go poo‐poo.‐ ‐ Artem, I can't believe this. ‐ You like it so far? ‐ This is incredible. ‐ Artem, your food's here that I got you. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Oh, hey. ‐ Hi. ‐ How are you? ‐ Isn't that creepy that her head just popped up? ‐ I know. ‐ To get a kiss. ‐ How long were you right there listening to us? ‐ I was eating my food, 'cause I got Artem a sandwich. ‐ Mwah. ‐ I love you. ‐ I love you too. ‐ What are you guys doing over here? ‐ As you can see, Artem and Brian have been building me a meditation garden. ‐ Hopefully someone's grateful. ‐ Nicole, we'll let them finish, but I wanted to talk to you real quick. ‐ Here, Birdie, hold this drill. ‐ About what? ‐ Meet me at the playground, and I'll tell you. You didn't even pick that up. ‐ No, don't give her the drill. ‐ Bryan, thank you for having an amazing time with my man. ‐ You're welcome. ‐ It means a lot to me. ‐ I'll let you guys finish up. Mama wants to talk to Do‐Do. ‐ Okay, I'll swing here. ‐ But first Mama is gonna talk to Do‐Do real quick, Bird‐Bird. I want you to know, like, never once did Bryan and I ever feel like you and Artem were, like, too much here at the house. Like, we loved having you guys here, and we enjoyed your company. ‐ You made it feel that way. You started to make it feel uncomfortable. ‐ Okay. No, I didn't make it uncomfortable. Yes, I got frustrated. ‐ No, no, no. I'm telling you my feelings. ‐ I'm sorry that I made you feel that way. Thank you. So I didn't mean it. I was just being angry. ‐ So that's an apology? ‐ I'm sorry. I already‐‐ I'm saying sorry for all of this, because obviously this all stemmed because I got super frustrated with Bryan. ‐ Okay. Well, I forgive you. ‐ Thank you. I'm really mad at myself that I lashed out at Nicole. It was never my intention, and I feel like when you get super tired and super frustrated, you could say really hurtful things, and it's not against Nicole, and I should've never yelled at sister. I just‐‐ I'm in a really tough place. We both have to forgive each other, because when you and I fight, we can get really mean. It's not good. I think we need to go to therapy. Like, forget couples' therapy. We need sister therapy. ‐ Oh, I'll never do sister therapy with you. ‐ Why? ‐ There's no point. ‐ You and I can cut each other down pretty bad. ‐ We're always gonna fight. It's our life. ‐ Okay, so you and Artem, we can do a sleepover. We'll get pizza, wine, and it'll be like old times. ‐ Oh, yeah. See, I knew you'd like it. Whoa, girl, that's good. Whee. ‐ Welcome to my casa. I'm officially Brie's next‐door neighbor. ‐ I absolutely love that name. ‐ I definitely want to have kids. ‐ You have baby fever. ‐ I want more. I'm ready for more. ‐ Artem thinks he's gonna marry you. He thinks he's gonna have your babies. If Artem were to propose to you tomorrow, would you say yes? ‐ I don't know. Look, I want to marry Artem, but not today. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 