Total Bellas: Season 5, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Total Bellas 
 s5e8 - Off the Deep End - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Total Bellas (2016–…): Season 5, Episode 8 - Off the Deep End - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ‐ Artem. ‐ Last night, you said things that‐‐ ‐ Were really mean. I'm sorry. I love you. ‐ What's going on? ‐ I'm like two weeks late. ‐ Honestly? ‐ Artem, what are the results? ‐ It's negative. ‐ Yeah. Okay, I'm 35 years old. A lot of things women when they turn 35. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I wish we could get pregnant at any age. Sometimes that mind effs the out of me. I have a question for you. If I couldn't have kids, would you still be with me? ‐ What up? ‐ What up? ‐ Yo, look how pretty you look. ‐ Oh, do I? ‐ Yeah, both of you. ‐ Um, what about me? ‐ Oh, thank you. ‐ I said, "both of you." ‐ Thank you. ‐ Just take it easy. ‐ Whoa, that looks stiff. ‐ You're the boner crusher, so we know you like a stiffy. ‐ Ooh, I have a question. ‐ Oh, here it goes, yeah. ‐ Oh, here comes the vagina. ‐ No, I'm just such a lightweight. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Can I add a little something? It's a little strong for me and‐‐ ‐ So what she's saying is she's not used to country bars. ‐ How you did it all, though... ‐ I apologize for my sister. ‐ Is so yummy. ‐ You guys, do you want me to get drunk off one drink? ‐ I mean, I don't care. ‐ Do you want me to give you a side of soda water? You can add it as you go. ‐ Okay, yeah. ‐ That's okay. ‐ All right. ‐ So when? ‐ Sure. ‐ I'm fine. ‐ Did you ask? ‐ No, I'll be mad. ‐ Just say, "hey, she would like it shaken," then. ‐ No, Brianna, you're gonna make me wanna leave, and I'm not even kidding. ‐ You guys are gonna be the best neighbors. I can see it already. ‐ What do you mean? ‐ Nothing could go wrong. ‐ It'll be perfect, so we get in little‐‐ ‐ You guys literally just started arguing if it should be shaken or if she should just keep it on the side. ‐ Well, because I can tell‐‐ I know what she wants, and I just want her to have a fun time, so it's like, just do it. ‐ I'm so excited for dinner parties. ‐ Who do you think's gonna be a better neighbor? ‐ Nicole. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Because you have Birdie, so you're gonna be more of a stickler. ‐ Let's do a quiz, and let's see who's the better neighbor. J, you actually join in this too. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ Why not? ‐ Is this really happening? ‐ Number one, how would you describe yourself socially as a neighbor? Wait, there's ABCs. ‐ A, I'm baking cookies‐‐ stop by and have one. ‐ Bossy as. ‐ Huh? ‐ B, come inside but not for too long because then it gets weird. C‐‐ ‐ Sounds like my sex life. ‐ Ew. ‐ ‐ I'm B. ‐ ‐ ‐ ♪ Is anybody else in the world tonight ♪ ‐ You guys want a glass of wine or champagne when we walk over there? ‐ I'll start with chardonnay, and I don't want that much. ‐ Are you guys ready to go next door and see my new house? ‐ Finally. ‐ I can't wait. ‐ So I want to talk about a Russian tradition. In the Russian culture, it's good luck that, when you move into your new house, you have a black cat walk across the front door first. ‐ When you buy a house, you need to let the cat in for two hours. ‐ Why a cat? ‐ So it's, like, blessing or maybe, like, scaring all the ghosts or whatever. ‐ So Winnie's good luck, but we'll make him look like a cat. ‐ Uh, you know we're in Phoenix, Arizona? Very far from Russia. ‐ You're gonna make Win a cat? ‐ ‐ Poor him. ‐ Right. ‐ Let's go. ‐ This is way too far of a walk. ‐ I cannot believe my house is done. Like, I am just so excited to show my family my house. Unfortunately, Artem isn't here because he's in LA, taking advantage of some job opportunities. And, I have to say, this feels like a totally new chapter in my life. Nicole's back. I'm independent. It makes me feel really good, and really strong. You guys ready? ‐ All right. ‐ Okay, Win, you go first. ‐ Okay, Winnie. ‐ Yeah, go. ‐ Yay. ‐ Yay. ‐ Welcome to my casa. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ I love this. ‐ Wow. ‐ Um, this looks insane. ‐ Oh, wow, how pretty. ‐ So I'm officially in my new house. ‐ Oh. ‐ And officially Brie's next‐door neighbor. ‐ That's right. ‐ Congratulations. ‐ Yes. ‐ Casa de Coco. ‐ Whoo. ‐ Are we all staying here tonight? ‐ I love my home. I love the design. I love seeing all the furniture in it. I just see myself here for a really long time. ‐ It's gonna be a lot of fun, and if we get sick of each other in a couple years, we'll just sell your house. ‐ What? ‐ Nicole, I love this. ‐ Don't you love this? ‐ And I love the bar area. ‐ Let's go upstairs. ‐ Bird, do you like these barstools? Yeah. I feel like you're gonna fall off. As I'm walking through Nicole's house, I can't help but notice that it isn't toddler‐friendly. I'm one of those moms, anyplace I walk into, I just look and see like, okay, would Birdie grab that and hurt herself? Would she trip and fall? Could she get to this? And I'm really concerned about the backyard. There is a pool with water to the top and no pool gate‐‐ zero. Birdie could easily escape the house, come over, go through a door, and have an accident. ‐ All right, selfie in the selfie mirror. ‐ Um‐‐ ‐ Go in the middle, fine. ‐ All right, ready? One, two‐‐ ‐ Superstar. ‐ ‐ No, it's just‐‐ ‐ Okay, I need to FaceTime my man. ‐ Hey, would you ever Airbnb this? Lauren and I might get it. ‐ Get it for a couple nights. ‐ Artem, Bird wants to say hi real quick. - ‐ Oh. - ‐ ‐ Hi, Bird. ‐ Um, look at, real quick‐‐ ‐ Hey, Artem‐‐oh, can I ask him a quick question? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Hey, is it true that in Russia you want a cat to walk into your house first before anyone else? ‐ I've never heard of, but I‐‐ ‐ Artem, I dressed Win up as a cat. ‐ He's from Russia! Not only is it not something, she made her dog turn into a fake cat to do it. ‐ ‐ Seriously. ‐ Look, I'll show you the basics. This home is unreal. Can you believe this is my home? Well, ours‐‐I mean, it is my house, you know. I'm proud of it. ‐ Yeah, well, it looks pretty good. Good job. I've actually been really happy that Artem's been in LA really busy 'cause I feel like I've needed this alone time 'cause this is the first time in my life that I own a home. This is everything I've worked so hard for. All my savings, it's this home, and I never wanna depend on a man, so it's amazing. It's like, I just feel so accomplished. ‐ Yeah, it is the house. It looks like your house. ‐ Why‐‐you're saying 'cause it's girly? ‐ Yeah, no, it is. This is great. I like it too. ‐ I'm so excited. I'm gonna soak it in. ‐ And I love you too. ‐ Well, I love you. ‐ Love you too. ‐ Bye. ‐ Bye. ‐ Oh, my gosh, I can't believe this is mine. Oh, my gosh, how beautiful. Hi there. What a gorgeous office. ‐ Hi, good morning. ‐ Hi there, morning. ‐ I'm gonna have you fill out these forms. ‐ Thank you. ‐ I used to go to your doctor's appointments all the time when you guys were little. Now I still go as adults. ‐ Yeah. ‐ ‐ You can't write that, right? ‐ No. ‐ I just write "none"? ‐ Yeah, "none." ‐ Come on in. ‐ Okay, great. After having the pregnancy scare, I feel like I need to go to the doctor and just know‐‐ one, my fertility, and even though I don't mentally feel I'm in the right place right now, I wanna be a mom one day. I really do. I never have ever taken the steps to prepare myself for that. Hi. ‐ Hi, Nicole. ‐ How are you? ‐ Good‐‐how are you? ‐ Dr. Aliabadi, nice to meet you. ‐ Oh, nice to meet you. ‐ I'm Kathy. ‐ This is my mom. ‐ Oh, hi. How are you? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Wait, your mom? ‐ Yes. ‐ Yeah, my mom. ‐ Yeah, you look so young. You guys look like sisters. ‐ I was young. I was 19. ‐ I just wanna ask a lot of questions. I need to know some answers of what my future holds as a woman having a baby past 35. ‐ Basically, just to give you a general information. We're born with maybe 1 to 2 million eggs. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ By mid‐30s, that number is about 100,000. The reason we freeze is because the quality goes down too. ‐ Okay. ‐ At age 35, I want you to freeze your eggs. ‐ Okay. ‐ Wow. ‐ Okay, so I want you to know. ‐ Yeah. ‐ This is the time we freeze eggs. ‐ Okay. ‐ You know, as you get older, it gets harder and harder. You might have miscarriages. ‐ Yeah. ‐ By age 45, the chance of you getting pregnant with your own eggs is close to zero. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Do you have a partner right now? ‐ I do. ‐ Why not get pregnant, out of curiosity? ‐ I just‐‐I don't feel ready for it. ‐ ‐ I'm very‐‐I know. I'm, like, so‐‐ I mean, I feel like I'd be ready in a few years. I don't want Artem to be a part of this process because I don't wanna have any influence from Artem or anyone else about freezing my eggs because it's about me‐‐ me as a woman and my body, and I wanna make those decisions on my own. ‐ Babies don't wait. ‐ Yeah. ‐ So if you really wanna have a family, I don't want you to keep pushing. At 40 is‐‐you're risking. ‐ Okay. ‐ You're playing with fire. ‐ They make permanent fences, and Brian and I said we would go half on it with you. ‐ They have one that has the Louis Vuitton logo all over it. ‐ They have Louis Vuitton logo one? ‐ ‐ There's something I've been wanting to talk to you about. I'm gonna say I've been forgetting‐‐maybe avoiding. ‐ What do you mean "avoiding"? ‐ Babies don't wait. ‐ Yeah. ‐ So if you really wanna have a family, I don't want you to keep pushing. At 40 is‐‐you're risking. ‐ Okay. ‐ You're playing with fire. You know, you have a window, but just because you have frozen eggs, doesn't mean you're gonna have a healthy embryo. I think if you're 100% sure you're gonna stay with him, I would do one cycle of egg freezing, and I would do one cycle of embryo freezing. ‐ Okay. ‐ Once you have embryos, you need, obviously, his permission to transfer 'cause it's half of‐‐ ‐ Yeah. ‐ You know, it's his sperm. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Then they can actually test the embryos before they transfer. Does it make sense? ‐ Yeah, it does make sense. ‐ Yeah. Well, this is news to me. I didn't realize that eggs are better frozen when they're fertilized and they're an embryo. They're better for you in the future to get pregnant with than just the egg being frozen on itself. Can we ever do anything on our own here? It's frustrating 'cause I love being an independent woman, and freezing eggs, creating embryos, it's kind of like a lot to think about. That's like having frozen children out there. It's being bound to someone forever. I just‐‐I can't do that. I love my partner that I'm with, but I'm just not craving those things. ‐ As long as you're okay with not getting pregnant. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I just don't want you to come back here at age 43 in a panic... ‐ Right. ‐ And regret not having had a kid, so I want you to think about it. ‐ Hello. ‐ Hello. ‐ Hello. ‐ Welcome to Leslie's. ‐ It smells like a pool in here. ‐ Yeah, smell the chlorine? ‐ Yeah. ‐ ‐ So we're here to look at pool fences. ‐ Okay. ‐ It's for her sister. ‐ It's for my sister. ‐ Okay. ‐ And we have a 2 1/2 year old child, so we just wanna make sure that she's protected. ‐ Yeah. ‐ All right. There's a variety of things really, but here at Leslie's, the first thing we wanna make sure we're educating on is learning to swim. ‐ He doesn't know how to swim. ‐ Yeah, okay. ‐ I do know how to swim. ‐ So he grew up in‐‐no, you‐‐ ‐ I do. ‐ Dog paddle is not‐‐ ‐ I can dog paddle, and I can tread water. ‐ Okay. ‐ But I can climb out of a pool like a mofo. ‐ You can, but our daughter can't. ‐ I know. ‐ So I don't know if she has his swimming abilities. I'm a really good swimmer. ‐ ‐ I am. I was on swim team for a couple years, like, when I was young. Like, I can swim. ‐ So this is an option here. It's the highest quality perimeter safety fence that you can get. Now, this is a removable fence, and then... ‐ Yeah. ‐ Permanent fencing is an option. ‐ That's what I like. ‐ The permanent fencing, it's‐‐ you're gonna get a little bit more spendy. You could spend $30,000 to $50,000. It could get pretty pricy. ‐ Nicole. ‐ Yeah? ‐ Hey, so Bryan and I are leaving Leslie's Pool Supply Store. ‐ Oh, cool. ‐ So they make these permanent fences. They cost about 30 Gs. Top of the line safety. And Bryan and I said we would go half on it with you. ‐ Well, okay, first of all, having a pool fence in my house‐‐ it's not about the money. When it's just me enjoying my house with Artem, I don't have to look at a fence. ‐ Yeah, but, like‐‐ ‐ Is it not about safety for Birdie and Winston? ‐ Of course. ‐ I'm getting really bothered because my sister shuts me down. ‐ Oh, my gosh, the one downfall about living right next door to your twin sister, is that she thinks she has, like, influence on my house stuff‐‐ like, pool gates in my home. ‐ My thing is, if you want me at your house, well, these are the regulations. ‐ I mean, who does that? ‐ They also make pool covers, especially in the off‐season when no one's swimming, but you also have to have a pool fence with it. You don't just have that. ‐ And they actually have one that has the Louis Vuitton logo all over it, so it'll match up with your style. ‐ They do. It was crazy to see that one. ‐ Yeah. ‐ No way. They have Louis Vuitton logo one? Yeah. It's the exact same thing as the other one. It's just three times as expensive. ‐ Custom‐made. We'll buy it. ‐ It has that sweet logo that just says LV on it. ‐ Just send me photos. I need to see proof 'cause I feel like I'm being lied to. ‐ Okay, bye. How 'bout the Louis Vuitton get her? ‐ The Louis Vuitton got her. She was interested. ‐ Here. I'm gonna grab broccoli. ‐ Okay. ‐ Artem, I totally‐‐ there's something I've been wanting to talk to you about. Um... So I've been thinking, like, do I wanna freeze my eggs with Artem? Do I just wanna do it myself? And I think the best decision right now is I want to freeze my own eggs and know that my own eggs are gonna be really healthy when I wanna do this‐‐ not with someone else. I'm gonna say I've been forgetting. ‐ You've been forgetting? ‐ But maybe avoiding. ‐ What do you mean avoiding? ‐ It's just gonna be really difficult to tell Artem because I know Artem sees things a lot differently in this department than I do, and I'm so afraid to upset him. ‐ Nicole. ‐ I feel bad for Artem. ‐ Hey, I see the future with Artem. I just don't want that official commitment right now, and I think that's okay. ‐ Until you have a spicy margarita... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And then you're like, "Oh, my God, we're gonna get married." So, Nicole, legally, you have to have these. ‐ There is no way you have to have that. Maybe on a public pool‐‐ ‐ Why is that bad to have? ‐ You're such a neighbor‐‐oh. ‐ There's something I've been wanting to talk to you about. I'm gonna say I've been forgetting. So, um, oh, my doctor called me. Remember when I went in to see the doctor? ‐ Yeah, of course I do. She's like, "You either need to have a baby ASAP, freeze your eggs ASAP." So... so I was thinking the past few days‐‐ ‐ Okay, I mean, that's like, a big deal, so... ‐ No, no, I know, but I just feel like I needed to think about it myself. ‐ Oh, so you don't want me to be involved in that. ‐ No, no, no, I want you to be involved, but what I feel like is the best, is that I'm just gonna freeze my eggs. ‐ Well, I just don't get it. That's only one option? ‐ Like, I'm not gonna do embryos so like, I'm not going to do my eggs and your sperm combined and freeze them. I'm just freezing my eggs‐‐ my own‐‐my own thing. ‐ And reason being is because? ‐ Well, I just was thinking, I mean... We're not married, and I just feel like... ‐ But is that a better way or is that just your preference because‐‐ ‐ I mean, the doctor suggested that it's obviously better to freeze embryos, but that's us forever having, like, pretty much a kid out there. Don't you think that's fast? Like‐‐ ‐ Would it matter what my thoughts are? ‐ No, it matters a lot. ‐ 'Cause it seems like‐‐ ‐ I promise you it matters a lot. ‐ It seems like you already know what you're doing, so... This is such a big decision. Why not freezing the embryo that would be our kids? You know, where'd that decision come from? Being in that unknown does make you feel like you're not part of this relationship at the capacity that you think you are. ‐ It's just‐‐we're not married. ‐ Yeah. ‐ We've been dating a year. ‐ Yeah. It's kind of like being all‐in or not being all‐in at this point. I don't know. It's like, step forward and then, with another decision, it's like another three step backwards, and then step forward‐‐another three step backwards, so yeah. To me, it's like, decisions like that, when you're in a relationship, shouldn't be made by one person. That's what upsets me most. When you said you don't wanna go in details, it made me feel like you don't even wanna have the discussion. ‐ I know, but it's my body. ‐ I understand, but it's still our lives. ‐ But just 'cause I freeze my own eggs, doesn't mean I'm saying, like, I don't wanna have kids with you or I don't wanna move forward. A lot of people just freeze their eggs, and then they do the whole embryo process later on. It's just‐‐this is such an uncomfortable conversation to have. ‐ Why is it uncomfortable? ‐ Because I don't want you to be upset. ‐ I'm upset because I feel like I haven't been part of that conversation. It did made me feel like maybe she doesn't see this partnership and this relationship go any further than what it is, and it's a hard realization because I want more. I'm ready for more. ‐ Brie and Nikki Bella are WWE Champions, co‐founders of Belle Radici wines of Napa, California. Please welcome Brie and Nikki Bella. ‐ Aww. ‐ Aww. ‐ Can you guys sign my Louis Vuitton bag? ‐ Um, yes. ‐ Yes. Are you sure? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, my gosh. First time I signed a Louis! ‐ You are just the cutest little thing ever. You know that? Oh, my‐‐ ‐ Be nice! Here, you hold him. ‐ Does he want me to hold him? ‐ If you hold him, he won't try and‐‐ - ‐ No, he won't... - ‐ ‐ He won't get mad at you. I swear! ‐ Oh no, are you sure? ‐ If you're holding him, he's fine. ‐ I look mad. ‐ It's okay, baby. She scares me too. ‐ But he's honestly the cutest thing I've ever seen in my life. ‐ Isn't he so cute? Hey, while Nicole's in the bathroom, I wanna ask you guys something. ‐ What? ‐ But let's go out here where it's quiet. ‐ All right. ‐ This has been, like, really on my mind a lot. So Nicole doesn't have a pool fence. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Okay. ‐ Okay, well, we have little girls. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ I live next door. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I feel like Nicole seriously needs to have a permanent pool gate. ‐ And, eventually, Birdie will, like‐‐she'll be there often. ‐ Okay, I‐‐ ‐ Yeah, all of us will be. ‐ Yeah, totally. ‐ I understand that, but it's also her house. She doesn't have kids. ‐ Yeah, but I'm her next‐door neighbor. ‐ Doesn't matter. You're treading on some different kind of water 'cause she's a homeowner now‐‐ that she bought with her own money and, not even that, this is, like, her first real big purchase. You're touching her baby now. You're gonna go in and try to her baby. You have to be care‐‐ ‐ Well, she's messing with my baby. ‐ No, no, no she's not. She just bought a home. That's all she did. My sisters moving in next to each other is a little crazy to me. I don't think it's gonna be this, like, fun holiday they think it's gonna be. They get into some arguments. They get pretty vicious, and it's comical in a sense. You can't tell someone that owns their own home they have to get a pool fence. ‐ If she's my sister, I can. ‐ No, you cannot. Brianna, it's up to you to make sure Birdie doesn't get over there, so I'm with Nicole on this one. ‐ Well, why not just talk to her about it? ‐ You can suggest things... ‐ Yeah. ‐ But, and then, you know what? I think this is‐‐ ‐ No, I'm gonna take things away from her. I'm gonna say if she doesn't get a pool gate, I'm not coming over. ‐ Okay, then she might really not get one then. ‐ Instead of my brother joining forces to go against my sister, he's on her side. And my brother should know by now that I always get what I want. Well, should we go taste some more stuff? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Hey. ‐ At these things, you get full. You need to get full. ‐ Brianna, I'm gonna check you if you get out of line, though. ‐ Whatever. You better. ‐ Just be like, "pshh." ‐ You're welcome. ‐ So nice to meet you. ‐ You too. ‐ Thank you for coming. ‐ Thanks. ‐ Brie, do I need to put more makeup on? ‐ You have eye boogers that I would like to have out of your eyes. ‐ Oh, my God, I look like I haven't‐‐ I have no makeup on. ‐ I keep staring at your eye boogers, and it's grossing me out. ‐ I didn't even get to talk to you yet about what I brought up to Artem yesterday at the grocery store. ‐ What? ‐ About freezing my eggs. ‐ What'd you say to him? ‐ I just said, "I'm gonna freeze my eggs." I'm not gonna put his sperm in it and then create an embryo and freeze it. It made me feel really bad, telling him. I just see it so much in his eyes when he gets so upset, and I hate that. ‐ It's 'cause you get drunk, and you promise him the world. If Artem were to propose‐‐ ‐ Don't you wanna be with someone, though, that has that hopeful future for you? ‐ Yeah, but if Artem were to propose to you tomorrow, would you say yes? ‐ I don't know. ‐ That means no. ‐ Look, I wanna marry Artem, but not today. ‐ I feel like forever my sister just really wanted to be wife and a mother, but every time she gets close to that, she freaks out, and I actually feel like my sister's really afraid of commitment. My sister's afraid to be tied down, and I think it comes from my parents' relationship. But my sister loves Artem with all her heart. So I feel like I need to push my sister to commitment, so I wanna help Artem. Feel bad for Artem. ‐ Why? 'Cause I love him so much? ‐ You just‐‐you make him a part of everything, Nicole‐‐ ‐ Because I want him to be a part of everything. He's my baby. ‐ Okay, well, but you can't have, like, limits and rules for yourself. You have to understand, like, someone like him‐‐ of course something like that's gonna be weird for him. ‐ You know, I already feel bad enough about everything I've done with Artem and, like, what I said to him. It's like, I don't need Brie guilt‐tripping me and making me feel terrible. And I feel like there's a lot of pressure on our relationship, but I just don't do well with pressure. When I feel like I'm pressured, I just shut down, and I just wish Brie could understand my side a little more and not fully just be sticking up for Artem. I don't know. I just kind of feel alone in this. ‐ Brizzle to Boner Crusher. ‐ I absolutely love that name. So I am the Boner Crusher 'cause I create boners and I crush 'em. ‐ I just want to participate in those decisions. ‐ What if we break up? Those embryos just stay frozen or we destroy 'em? ‐ What if we don't break up? ‐ Well, it's‐‐ ‐ Then what? ‐ Artem hangs on to everything you say, by the way. You know that, right? So this is all on you. ‐ Hey, I see the future with Artem, I just don't want that official commitment right now, and I think that's okay. Yeah. ‐ Until you have a spicy margarita... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And then you're like, "Oh, my God, we're gonna get married." I don't know how Artem does it. ‐ Big Sis, I always love your support. Have I told you about that? ‐ Just being honest. This is my thing. When I talk to Artem, and how I see‐‐ Artem thinks he's gonna marry you. He thinks he's gonna have your babies. You make him feel that way. Part of me thinks he might break up with you. ‐ I feel like my sister has a point. I go back and forth all the time with Artem. Bringing him a part of things and then saying no, and acting like my drunken hot mess. I have put that man on a roller coaster ride, and I feel bad for that. ‐ All I know is, you gotta lay down, like‐‐ you gotta let him know where you guys really stand 'cause I think he thinks this is it. Marriage is happening tomorrow. ‐ I know. ‐ Kids are coming a week after that. ‐ I know, it made me feel really bad. ‐ Yeah, well, now I know why you're still single. ‐ you. ‐ Don't‐‐ ‐ Oh. ‐ Can you help Mama? Look at‐‐this one's thirsty. Can you do a little bit? ‐ Yay! ‐ Yay, Bird‐Bird. ‐ Brie, are you over there? ‐ Yeah, I'm over here. ‐ Bird, are you gardening? How crazy that we're talking to each other over a wall. ‐ I know. ‐ Look at‐‐someone wanted to say hi. ‐ Win, I'm over here cleaning up your poop. And you're over there. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, Nicole I have‐‐actually, I have a surprise for you. ‐ What? ‐ You'll see. I didn't win the pool gate situation, but I won't give up. I will fight to the death. I will be the most annoying neighbor until it's done! ‐ Okay, come on. Win, who is it? ‐ Well‐‐ ‐ Yeah, you see the pool? You want‐‐we have to‐‐ ‐ That's what we need to talk about. ‐ What are you talking about? ‐ Okay, Bird, be very careful 'cause there is no pool gate. Birdie Joe‐‐ see how drawn kids get? ‐ I never said they don't get drawn. ‐ Nicole. ‐ Okay, but we gotta stay right here. ‐ Is that a no‐no "wawa"? ‐ That's no‐no water. See, that's a good girl. ‐ So, Nicole, legally, you have to have these. ‐ No, I don't. ‐ I'm pretty sure you do. You have to have them up if you have a pool. So probably on that wall back there. ‐ ‐ There is no way you have to have that. Maybe on a public pool but not on a private pool. ‐ Why is that bad to have? Isn't it good for people to know? ‐ To know the capacity pool rules? I'm not having ragers here every weekend. So Brie's bringing over a pool safety sign over to my house. First of all, Birdie can't even read. Surprised my sister can read it, to tell you the truth, but it's like, what is this? Like, I care about my Birdie. I don't ever want anything to happen to her, but I have worked so damn hard to create a backyard that I love, and the last thing I'm gonna see when I'm in my master bedroom is a cautious "no lifeguard on duty" type of sign. Like, no thank you. ‐ Win! ‐ Birdie Joe, it's very easy to fall in, and you don't know how to swim. Remember what Mama said? All of this makes me super nervous. ‐ You're such a neighbor‐‐oh. You suck as a neighbor. ‐ 'Cause I'm all about safety? ‐ I've even done CPR class. ‐ Yeah, yeah, yeah! ‐ You have? When? ‐ When I worked at a gym. You have to be CPR certified. ‐ But you know‐‐you remember how to do it? ‐ Well, with kids, I remember it's like‐‐ so you don't break their bone here, you have to, like, do the two fingers. ‐ So my sister comes up with a good point. I kind of feel like I'm being a hypocrite because I don't know CPR, yet I'm pushing her getting a pool gate, and, like, maybe I'm being a little too much‐‐ trying to control her house and her whole situation because I know, at the end of the day, Nicole wants Birdie to be safe. Bird, that's not cold? ‐ When you leave, you need to take your signs with you. ‐ No. ‐ Actually, I'll do it for you. You know what's the best part about you being my neighbor? ‐ No! You just littered on my property. ‐ Uh, not if it's your trash. ‐ I could sue you for that. ‐ ‐ Artem. ‐ Hey. Thank you for meeting me. ‐ Well, I ordered you your favorite. ‐ Oh, thank you. ‐ You guys always get those mushroom coffees. And then I got a couple little sweets. ‐ A couple? Oh, my God. ‐ Sweets always make people feel better. ‐ Yeah. Thank you. ‐ But I'm just nosy sister... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And trying to mediate the whole situation. And I do see your guys' relationship's getting really serious, so... ‐ You know, the thing‐‐ what's hard for me, is that it just‐‐it really took me kind of by surprise with her freezing her eggs. Like, I'd like to kind of be considered in the sense of like, well, I'm not doing it by myself. You know? And it just felt like we were in such different places, and it wasn't the first time, so that definitely, kind of, like, spiked already the situation, but Nicole has this sense of, like, "the Wonder Woman‐‐ do whatever I want," which is cool, like, I'm‐‐ look, I'm not gonna tell her what to do That's not my place. She's her own person. ‐ Yeah. ‐ She can do whatever she wants, but at the same time, I definitely wanna have kids. Like, that's not even a discussion. But if she doesn't feel that way, then we're definitely in the wrong relationship, you know? ‐ I definitely wanna have kids. Like, that's not even a discussion, you know? But if she doesn't feel that way, then we're definitely in the wrong relationship, you know? ‐ I'm sorry, but I always feel like these type of situations help relationships become stronger. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I think we need 'em at times. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Even though they feel like. But I do think it makes them better. It does. ‐ ‐ You're just still in that part where it feels really. ‐ It's not like, all of a sudden, I feel differently about her, you know? Of course I care about her. Like, even a situation like that's not gonna change the way I feel, but it's a different bond when you have a child, you know? Together with someone, it's like... it's not like you can take time off. ‐ That's true. ‐ And that's how I feel. ‐ Yeah, 'cause you have baby fever. ‐ Well, it's not that I, like, want it tomorrow or something. But I still want to get married to her eventually. ‐ Yeah. ‐ You know, I never went ring shopping before. ‐ You've never gone ring shopping? ‐ Even though I was married once, I never went ring shopping before. ‐ That's so crazy. I feel like Nicole and Artem have just had this whirlwind relationship. I mean, they always forgive each other, always love each other, and she loves her relationship. She's just terrified. And I think my sister needs to let go and realize that he's not the guys that she dated in the past. It's Artem. Artem's really serious about their relationship. Well, after you talk to Nicole, and if you guys work some things out, and if you want to get really serious about your relationship, just know I know a really good diamond guy. And if you want‐‐ ‐ Yeah? ‐ And he's very private. Like, he has a private room, so no one ever see you, like, walk in and out, so there'd be no rumors or anything. ‐ Hm. ‐ Just throwing it out there. I mean, there's a lot of tests you have to pass, though, first. ‐ It's kind of confusing where Nicole and I are at because I know what I wanna be, but I also just had a conversation with Nicole that not necessarily gave me the sense of security that we're there. ‐ I remember Bryan and I would go into things, and I'd be like, "if we ever got married," then I'd point at stuff. Or I'd, like, show him, like, pictures online. ‐ I mean, it's a beautiful ring. ‐ Thank you. By the way, mine's a 1.9 carat. I always hear my sister say she would really like a five. ‐ Cool, I'm gonna go sell my liver. ‐ ‐ Mama... ‐ Birdie, you need to go night‐night if you wanna have fun after your nap. Nicole, can you hear me? ‐ Brie. ‐ Yay, it works. ‐ It works. This is so cool. I really need to bedazzle mine. ‐ I need to put a little fun back in to the fact that we are neighbors. Like, we haven't lived this close to each other since we've been kids, so I thought it would be perfect for us to have walkie‐talkies to kind of just let loose and realize that I'm not always strict. I actually like to have fun, too, as a neighbor. ‐ WZZ 62, Boner Crusher to Debbie Downer, 10‐4. ‐ Debby Downer isn't here, 10‐4. ‐ What? ‐ WZ 517, Brizzle to Boner Crusher. ‐ I absolutely love that name. So I am the Boner Crusher 'cause I create boners, and I crush 'em. ‐ Poor Artem. I wonder if he still really wants to date you. ‐ Artem is Tiny Dancer, 10‐4. ‐ I have to say, you're a really good sport with all my craziness. ‐ Wow, it took a walkie‐talkie for you to admit that? Thank you, Debbie Downer. ‐ I know I can be very controlling, especially when it comes to Bird, and kind of just thinking about everything, I was a little much when it came to your safety for your pool, so I apologize. ‐ I want you to know that I love my nieces to death, and the last thing I'd ever want at my home is a tragedy ‐ Okay. ‐ So not only will I have my temporary pool gate, but I will have a cover on my pool too. ‐ Aw, yay. Are you getting that Louis Vuitton one that Bryan and I were telling you about? ‐ You know it. ‐ You know what they say, Boner Crusher, you can't trust a girl who likes Louis. ‐ You can't trust a girl who crushes boners, but you can definitely trust a girl who likes Louis. ‐ The whole pool gate situation was a bigger headache for her than what it needed to be, and it makes me feel really bad because right now, with her egg freezing thing, instead of me being supportive, I was more worried about a pool gate, so I feel like I need to be a sister and help her because, as her sister, I should be there helping her with all her chaos in her life. ‐ Over and out. ‐ Over and out, Boner Crusher. ‐ Morning. ‐ Hey. ‐ Mmm. What are you cooking? ‐ Just some eggs. ‐ Did you sleep good? ‐ It was the only thing in the fridge, so... Did I sleep good? Yeah. ‐ You were snoring. ‐ I was snoring? ‐ You caught yourself, like, three times. I wanted to tell you, like, it's okay. You can snore around me. You do the‐‐ Like that. ‐ I don't really know if I'm snoring, so I don't know. ‐ Oh. Um, I feel like we should talk about what we were talking about at the grocery store. ‐ You made a decision already, so I don't know. ‐ Yeah, but you seemed really upset. ‐ Yeah, because I feel like we should have at least have a conversation with me prior to making decision. ‐ But we're not married. ‐ We are in a relationship, and it seems like if it's gonna go anywhere, it's important to talk about those things before making those decisions. Even if we came to the conclusion that you wanna just freeze eggs, I would be okay with it. I just wanna participate in those decisions. ‐ I know. I just feel like the whole embryo thing is, like, way too modern for me. It's like, what if we break up? Those embryos just stay frozen or we destroy 'em? You know what I mean? ‐ And what if we don't? ‐ It just scares me. ‐ What if we don't break up? ‐ Well, it's‐‐ ‐ Then what? What if we break up? ‐ What if we don't break up? ‐ It's just a really quick move. And we haven't even been dating serious for a year. ‐ The whole point of relationship is two people making decisions together. ‐ I agree. ‐ Right? ‐ And the fact is, you didn't think of that‐‐ it's just kind of, like, okay, well, I guess you're just not seeing me as something more than just what it is. ‐ No, I was just scared, and I just didn't know, like, if you were gonna pressure me into doing it, and then I was gonna do something that I didn't wanna do. ‐ Okay, can I ask you one thing? ‐ Yeah. ‐ When did I ever pressure you to do anything? ‐ I love Artem to death. He is a man that I can depend on, and I just wanna make it right with him, and, like, just love him how much I love him and show him that because he deserves that. Um, I thought maybe we could talk about you moving here full‐time with me? ‐ Why‐‐because I cook breakfast every morning? ‐ Yeah, and you get up and look like that. ‐ So it's just purely benefit of you not being hungry. ‐ Artem, I want you to move in. ‐ Well, you also wanted that‐‐ ‐ I want you around more. ‐ You also wanted that... ‐ I want you to have clothes here. ‐ Not too long ago, and then you decided, "nope, it's too early." ‐ Don't. ‐ So I don't know. You're like a yo‐yo. You're like‐‐one day, you want one thing, the next day, you want something else. Family is important and I don't wanna be not a dad or a father, but at the same time, moving in‐‐ that is the next step. That's, like, moving forward within the relationship, which is what I want to do, so I'm just hoping and crossing my fingers that that decision's not gonna change. Are you sure? ‐ Yeah, I'm positive. I won't go back on it. Yeah? ‐ Fine. ‐ Aw. ‐ You can't be on the same stage all the time, you know? You kind of wanna see your relationship evolve and be more and progress, and we're going somewhere, you know? That's a big deal for me. ‐ And then you could support me when I freeze my eggs. ‐ Oh, that was‐‐ ‐ It's kind of up when you think about it. ‐ ‐ Let's do this. ‐ Oh, thank you for meeting me here. ‐ Yeah, I'm excited. ‐ I see Nicole as my forever partner, you know, and the whole conversation about moving in together made me really feel, like, okay, you know? This is what's happening. ‐ Artem. ‐ Yeah? ‐ Can you believe we're doing this? ‐ Well, look, I'm just trying to, like... ‐ I know. It's good, though. ‐ Just trying to, like‐‐look, this is my first time shopping for something like this. It's a big commitment to make, but I want Nicole to see and feel that I'm here for a long term. And it just feels really right. ‐ So I'm gonna show you just some fascinating and beautiful things, and you're gonna kind of react to it, and when you react to it, I'm gonna get an idea if you like it or not. So here we have the azure cut. A diamond like this is gonna be around $80,000 to $90,000 a carat. ‐ Wow. ‐ This is a stone that's gonna be around $160,000. There's a ten carat. ‐ Oh, that's gorgeous. ‐ And that's gonna be around $600,000. This is the typical rectangle that people look for‐‐ about $700,000. ‐ Wow. ‐ Now this is one of my favorite stones. 800,000. This ruby‐‐ $1 million, minimum... ‐ Um... ‐ For a one carat. ‐ ‐ We need water for Artem. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Cheers. ‐ Thank you. ‐ That was Artem's heart exploding. ‐ I like that‐‐ ‐ I want to give you some time. ‐ Thank you. Yeah. ‐ To, you know, privacy, and also, just to see what you're thinking. ‐ Right. ‐ You know. ‐ I want to propose, and I want it to be perfect, but seeing what I can afford, versus what I think she deserves, is in a different realm. I don't know. What do you think? ‐ I understand right now how you feel because of your job and all of that. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Cheers, again. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you. I don't want you to be stressed out because this is supposed to be a fun thing. ‐ I know, right? ‐ And a wedding ring is something you wear every day. What would you want to spend on a ring? ‐ I don't even know. ‐ Like, love is more than a ring. ‐ I know, but it sucks because you obviously want to give the ring she wants and it's definitely something to think about, for sure. But obviously Nicole has no idea about any of this, so... ‐ No, I know. She was like, "Where are you going?" And I'm like, "Lunch." ‐ Yeah, let's just keep it between us 'cause when I do it, I don't want it to be, like, a known fact, 'cause it should always be unexpected. It should not be like, "Oh, you know, this is gonna happen today." ‐ Yeah. ‐ So... ‐ I feel bad for Artem right now because hearing these prices, he is dying inside. I feel like I'm gonna have to carry him out of here. Poor guy. ‐ Excuse me. ‐ Hello. ‐ This is really an expression about you, okay. ‐ So Artem's gonna think about it and‐‐ ‐ Absolutely. Listen, find and executing the right stone is everything. ‐ Bryan wants us to go to a Native American healer. ‐ ‐ Oh, something's serious going on. ‐ Your wife, your daughter, everyone here loves you! ‐ I feel like my mind has completely let go. ‐ My parents are coming to town. ‐ Why are you red, Artem? ‐ I got the ring. ‐ The engagement ring? Even though I brought up ring shopping, it makes me nervous. Artem might be ready. I don't know if my sister is. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 