Total Bellas: Season 5, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Total Bellas 
 s5e4 - Playing Favorites - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Total Bellas (2016–…): Season 5, Episode 4 - Playing Favorites - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Are moving in together? Nicole does everything fast. Do you feel like you're moving in more on convenience than love? ‐ I just feel we could pump the brakes a little bit. ‐ She's playing with feelings. It doesn't feel good. ‐ The thing I wanna protect is the four of us. We are way too close to let anything come between us. ‐ You ready to go back on the road? ‐ Not really. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ‐ Bryan's traveling all the time for work. It's been really hard. I just feel like that there's a lot of things lacking in our marriage that we're not giving to each other. ‐ We're gonna learn simple box step. It's very easy. Forward, side, together. I do wanna bond, and I do wanna get to know people a little bit more. Hold this. ‐ What are you gonna do? Artem, don't. That's not even funny. ‐ I want to do a family picture. I'm thinking no Artem. This is my birthday present, and he isn't family yet. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ‐ The guys knew where my cameras were, and they took the car. ‐ No. ‐ When I'm by myself, I hate it. ‐ Hi, Mama. ‐ Nicole favors obviously Birdie a touch over our girls. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ This is what happens when Nicole finally shows up. ‐ JJ, what is your deal? ‐ You're gonna be very upset when Vivian doesn't know really who you are. ‐ Am I in the right family photo right now? Because this is crazy right now. Okay, come on. Do you wanna do Dodo's makeup? ‐ I want to. ‐ Should we go up? ‐ Yeah, go up. ‐ Is that your favorite‐‐okay. What do you wanna do first? You wanna do Dodo's lip? ‐ Her lip. ‐ What color do you want? ‐ I need pink. ‐ Oh, you need pink, okay. Is that pink enough? ‐ Yeah, that pink enough. ‐ Okay, so you gotta follow the lines like that. ‐ Pink. ‐ That's pink. Do you wanna do some eye shadow? Oh. That's for your‐‐ ‐ Yeah! Look at Bird‐Bird. ‐ Look at Bird‐Bird. You look so pretty. All done? ‐ Your nose too. ‐ Oh. Okay, I think I'm good now. Let's show A the finished product. ‐ ‐ Can you say, "Cheese"? Oh. ‐ ‐ Do you wanna put it on your lip? Okay. ‐ ‐‐Dodo. ‐ Mmm... ‐ Nicole? ‐ Yeah? ‐ Ah. ‐ We're doing makeup and taking selfies. ‐ Let me see, Bird. ‐ ‐ Oh, Bird, you're so lucky Daddy's out of town. He would have a heart attack. ‐ A heart attack. ‐ Do your makeup. ‐ Do you want Mama to have the same lip? ‐ Oh, my gosh, my daughter. My daughter in red lipstick. ‐ Kay, go show A. ‐ You better follow her. Make sure she doesn't start kissing my walls. ‐ Oh, shoot, I didn't even think of that. - ‐ Yeah. - ‐ ‐ ‐ I feel like you and V need to put your little faces in the butterfly. ‐ Oh, yeah. ‐ Here you go, Bird, come on. Whoa, Bird. ‐ ‐ Wow. ‐ Lookit. ‐ Mom! ‐ Watch out for that one. So, see them on the ground right there? ‐ Yeah, we have to watch out. ‐ Butterfly! ‐ So we don't step on them. ‐ Butterfly. ‐ Hey, V, don't touch the water, please. ‐ How many butterflies are there? ‐ Hey, Birdie, I think they're hungry. Whoo! Whoo! ‐ Why would you do that? ‐ Why would you do that? ‐ Boo, butterfly! ‐ Boo, butterfly! ‐ Now that I have you guys all kinda here, I wanna do a family picture for my birthday. So I am thinking‐‐ oh, I love you‐‐ um, I'm thinking, no Artem. ‐ In your family photo? ‐ Well, Artem might get his feelings hurt a little bit, but he might be a little sad. When Artem and Nicole started dating, we took down our wedding photo, because her ex is in our wedding photo. But then I was like, "This is the only photo I have of Bryan's family and my family all together." So I 100% understand why my mom doesn't want Artem in it. Like, sorry, Artem, but, like, look what's happened in our family. ‐ Maybe I'm more worried about Nicole, not Artem. ‐ Well, Nicole's gonna have an opinion. ‐ Nicole's gonna have an opinion. ‐ She's gonna want him in. ‐ Nicole's gonna be upset about it. ‐ You think she'll be upset about it? ‐ Yes. ‐ This is nothing against Artem. All I want is something timeless, something that I know the players aren't gonna change. Nicole can't ever make a decision. She and Artem have only been dating almost a year. Until Artem and Nicole are married, I think this picture needs to be without him. ‐ Come on, let's get down. We're gonna check some more stuff out. ‐ Ooh! ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ Vivian, how cool is that? ‐ Wow. ‐ Hi, Mama. ‐ Hi, baby. ‐ I see more stingrays. ‐ Good job. What else do you see? ‐ I see fish. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Yeah. This week, dinner at our house. ‐ Ooh, that'd be awesome. ‐ All right. Hopefully, Nicole will come. ‐ Do you think she's gonna have enough time to see us? ‐ I mean, I'd just ask. ‐ I invite her every time she's here. Every single time, she goes, "Why don't you just come to Brianna's?" That's what the plan turns into, and that's why we always usually end up at your house. ‐ And her house is next door. ‐ I have my relationship with Brianna that's different than my relationship with Nicole, and then I have a relationship with both of them when, like, they're together. It does feel like a third wheel a lot of times. I wouldn't want that for my daughters. And also, I think she probably likes to stay at your house, just 'cause Birdie will always be there, you know? She just, like, favors obviously Birdie a touch over our girls. ‐ Oh, my gosh. J... ‐ Brianna? ‐ No, but even when you were pregnant and we had V, it was still that thing of, "Birdie's special, Birdie's"... ‐ To me, yeah. ‐ You know? ‐ Do you guys think you're sensitive to that? ‐ Of course we're sensitive. These are our kids. ‐ 100%. ‐ Lauren, you understand, 'cause you have a sister. Like, you and Lexi, like... ‐ And a brother that has a baby, and I don't think of them any different. ‐ JJ and the twins are very, very close, but you can't take away that the twins are the twins, and they're involved in each other's lives. So whether it's business, it's been wrestling in the past, they travel together, and Birdie travels with them. ‐ Yay! ‐ Your uncle's gonna take a nap right now. ‐ Bah. Bah. Birdie kept calling me Mom. ‐ Aww. ‐ I just want us to get through this, because if we're not careful, we could grow apart. ‐ My thing is, I feel like, 'cause Nicole and I are constantly together. Like, Nicole is really with me every week. ‐ You're actually validating what we're saying. ‐ I think you guys make it a bigger deal, and I think‐‐ ‐ Well, you do‐‐you're taking her side for the most part. Like, both of our kids didn't get a "happy birthday" on their birthdays. ‐ They didn't get birthdays, nothing, like... ‐ But I feel like, J, you should talk to Nicole, if it's something that really bothers you. ‐ Well, no, we're just talking about it. I just made a funny comment. ‐ You make a lot of funny comments. ‐ I do? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Our family makes comments that have some depth to them. ‐ Happy Wednesday, everybody! Find a place on your mat. So just exploring the hips. Like a puppy peeing on something. Exhale, right knee, left elbow, twist, twist. Take your right hand to your back leg somewhere, anywhere you can. You can grab your own butt. It's not weird. Take your time, take your time. Come up slow. You gotta watch that groin. Careful. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Are you ticklish, JJ? ‐ No, I'm fine. ‐ Okay, good. Just checking. ‐ Now pull back. Open up. There we go. Oh! There we go! Is there any hard questions you wanna ask him right now, while I got him in this position? Thank you, Madison yogis. Enjoy your day. Enjoy the rest of the week. ‐ Here, come sit with me. Hold on, I got a voicemail. What is this? A couple days ago, my car was stolen from my driveway in my gated community, which is really unsettling. And five years ago, Bryan and I had our house robbed, and I remember thinking to myself, just how violated I felt. Well, now I have a daughter. It's become a different situation for myself. Oh, my gosh, you won't even believe it. ‐ Huh? ‐ They found my car. So he said to call him to come look at it. To be honest, I actually kinda didn't want them to find my car. ‐ Oh, no, yeah, you do. You wanna find out what happened. ‐ No, that's the thing, I don't wanna find out what happened. It sucks, 'cause Bryan's out of town. Ugh,. I have lost so much sleep since this has happened. And I feel like with Bryan traveling all the time for wrestling, it almost makes me feel like a single parent, and so with his schedule, our marriage is suffering. It's scary doing all this alone, and that's what I told him. ‐ You need to know, 'cause what it's gonna do is just prep you even better for the next time, so it doesn't happen again. ‐ It's just like, we did yoga, I just got, like, my energy right, and then I get that, and then it makes me feel bad again. ‐ Would Artem feel bad if we did a picture without Artem? ‐ My family isn't taking my relationship with Artem seriously. I think his feelings would be so hurt. ‐ Hey, guys. ‐ My sister and I love "Downton Abbey." ‐ I never knew that aunts had to deal with this kinda bull. ‐ Oh, my God, how cute, the meat and cheese board. Oh, they have rosé. ‐ Hello. ‐ Hi, how are you? ‐ Beverly, this is my daughter. ‐ I'm Nikki. Nice to meet you. What a cute place. ‐ Oh, thank you. ‐ Hey, um, we have some bracelets here for Brie. ‐ Or Bird. ‐ Look how cute that is. ‐ Oh, those are so Brie. ‐ So you know how I need a couple pieces in the house? ‐ Yeah? ‐ And since it's my birthday, a couple days late, but my kids... ‐ I need to get you a birthday gift, sorry. ‐ Well, I have the perfect birthday gift. I want a family photo. ‐ Oh, that would be so fun. Like, the big ones... ‐ Yeah, the big one. ‐ The big, professional. ‐ So that got me thinking, would Artem feel bad if we did a picture without Artem? ‐ Oh, my God, that would make me feel so bad. I feel like my family isn't taking my relationship with Artem seriously. I just feel like these are little steps that they could prove to me or make me feel like I'm fully living in the present, I'm looking forward to a future, and I'm obviously serious about the guy. "Hey, Artem, we're gonna have family photo day, and you're not in it." I feel like that just tells someone, like, "Oh, I guess I'm not forever," and I feel like I already kinda do that to him, 'cause I'm just scared. ‐ Well, I don't do it to him, but I bet... ‐ Well, you're doing it to him now. ‐ Like, if we all got together, and then he came later, and he didn't know we took the first picture? ‐ Mom... ‐ What? He wouldn't know. I question sometimes if Nicole's really taken her relationship seriously. That's the reason I'm more cautious with Artem. This is my birthday present, my family together in a family photo, and he isn't family yet. ‐ I think his feelings would be so hurt. But you're talking to him. You're doing that. I'm not. It's her family photo, so I'm gonna let her take full control. I don't wanna be a part of it. Whatever happens, it's on her, she'll deal with it, and she'll feel bad. And you'll see those big Puss in Boots eyes just get all sad. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ He's my Puss in Boots. ‐ I have the perfect solution. Two photos. Artem will never know. I'll just have Artem show up at a different time. I'll figure it out. Oh, I want him in it. I just‐‐I don't know if I want him in a 20x40. ‐ But then I think that the two paintings, what are you doing? Like, you're putting the one up with Artem, and then you have the other one as a backup? ‐ Like, if he comes over? ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ This is the spot. Hi, how are you? ‐ Hi, I'm fine. ‐ I'm Brianna. I'm the owner of the Lexus you guys found. ‐ I'm. Yes. ‐ Nice to meet you. ‐ Same here. ‐ You wanna go for a walk? ‐ Yes, let's go see all the damage. ‐ Okay. ‐ Because of Bryan's schedule, I wish I didn't have to do this on my own. Bryan's on the road, so I have to go look at the car by myself with Birdie, and‐‐‐‐ it's not fair. I don't want him to be on the road, because it's easier on me both mentally and physically when he's home. I'm sorry, Bird‐Bird, Mommy had to bring you with me. Here, no touchies, okay? Wow. ‐ Oh, no. ‐ As I'm looking at the car, and just seeing the type of people that seemed to be in my car, it's really sad for me to sit here and just see, you know, my child, who's two, and bullets. And just to think that was all right there at my front door. Hey. ‐ Hello? ‐ It's wrecked. ‐ It's wrecked? ‐ You wouldn't even believe what I found in the passenger seat. ‐ What? ‐ Bullets. ‐ That's so scary. ‐ And to think those people were right in my driveway. This is a situation that really feels out of my hands and that I'm not prepared for, because now I feel like, "Okay, like, I have to change how I am alone." Bryan's gone, of course. And I feel bad I had to bring Bird here. It's just so gross. ‐ ‐ I know, poor Bird. ‐ I just wish this never happened. ‐ I'm sorry, Brie. ‐ Sometimes we feel like in life, you just gotta take a breather, dress up, and have some fun. Any excuse to have a dress‐up party, we're gonna do it. So everyone knows my sister and I are obsessed with "Downton Abbey," so it's only appropriate we have a party. ‐ Okay. ‐ And he's a Lord. ‐ I am a Lord. ‐ You guys look amazing. Awesome. How are you? ‐ Good to see you. ‐ You look so good. I love that. And, like, the pearls? ‐ My sister and I love "Downton Abbey." ‐ We love the costumes, the era. But I'm, like, wearing their nightgown from back in that day. I was like, "Whatever." ‐ Yeah, of course you pick the nightgown to wear. ‐ And our friend has a cocktail bar. ‐ So, because the movie came out, we had to do a dress‐up party with some of our friends here in Arizona, as well as JJ and Lauren and my mom. There's a part of me of, like, "Okay, maybe this is a really good opportunity for people to connect with Artem. Okay, you guys, grab your partners. ‐ First, all of you face me. We're gonna learn simple box step. It's very easy. Everyone can see my feet? Everyone knows me, because of "Dancing with the Stars" and because I am a dancer. Forward with your right. Forward, side, together. I wanted to give a little bit of a gesture to everybody, because I do wanna bond, and I do wanna get to know people a little bit more, and especially Nicole's family. One more time. One... ‐ Artem is a great guy, and great for Nicole, so I'm feeling really guilty about the family photo session and everything I was doing to keep Artem out of the picture. This will be a bit of a challenge, but if Artem will never know, his feelings will never be hurt. ‐ It's so stupid. I'll let the haters be for now... ‐ Okay, fine. ‐ Let them hate. ‐ We'll enjoy "Downton Abbey" tonight. But then maybe this week, you need to say something. ‐ I almost, like, want to say something in front of her, like, "Oh, my God, did you guys see how cute Birdie was today?" ‐ Don't add more fuel to the fire. ‐ It's really difficult for me to hear, like, what Lauren and JJ have said about me and their feelings, and I feel like there's more to it. I feel like JJ has something that holds him back. It's always like, he has this chip on his shoulder towards Brie and I. And I feel like it's not just about these little girls. I mean, it can't be. Bryan won't be back for a few days. Are you gonna be okay? ‐ That's what I think freaks me out, is, like, the men that were in my driveway had guns on them. When I'm by myself, I hate it. ‐ What's up? Did Nicole not come with you? ‐ No. ‐ Is she coming later? ‐ I don't think we're gonna make it. My brother wants to judge me. It's like, "Why would I want to be around my family right now?" ‐ I heard a noise at 3:00 a. M. I was terrified. But it was nothing. It was just‐‐ I think it was a cat. Come here, Win. I miss you. ‐ I miss you too. ‐ Just get home already. ‐ I'm trying. I wish. ‐ You're gone too long. Before Birdie, Bryan always being on the road, I was kinda like, "Okay, whatever, you know? It's nice to miss him." I just didn't realize how hard it would be with his schedule, being a parent and having Birdie. It's just‐‐it's been really, really hard in the last six months. Okay, sweet face, we're gonna get going. When Bird wakes up, you want me to FaceTime you? ‐ Yeah, okay. I miss you. ‐ I miss you too. You take a nap. ‐ I will. I love you. ‐ I love you too. ‐ All right, bye. ‐ Kay, bye. ‐ I might have to work out tonight. When I miss a few days in a row, then I'm‐‐ I've just eating bad the past two days. I don't feel right. How do my eyes look? ‐ Tired. But you slept ten hours last night. ‐ Yeah, so they should look alive. ‐ No, that's oversleeping. I wish I slept ten hours. ‐ I need to shave my legs. So gross. I've, like, given up. Poor Artem. ‐ You guys are always together, huh? ‐ Yeah. You know Artem and I have to leave in the morning, right? ‐ I know. ‐ But Bryan won't be back for a few days. Are you gonna be okay? ‐ What I hate is, like, ever since our car has been stolen, and the fact that, like, the guys knew where my cameras were, they covered them... ‐ Oh. ‐ And they took the car, I just like, I don't know, it, like, makes me feel almost numb every night I'm, like, by myself. Not with you guys. When anyone's at the house with me, it's weird, I, like, sleep like a baby. But when I'm by myself, I hate it. ‐ That sucks. ‐ I know. I just hate it, because I'm like, "Does someone know Bryan and our's schedule? Does someone know, like, the times I'm by myself?" So I start going like this, right? To see all the bullets, like, in the passenger seat... ‐ Ew. ‐ But that's what I think freaks me out, is, like, the men that were in my driveway had guns on them. They're up to no good. They're looking to make a quick buck. And you just never know how far people will take it. Everything right now feels like it's falling apart, and I have zero control of my life and my relationship. I'm in a really tough place. I feel bad saying it, but it makes me feel relieved that Nicole's house is being delayed, because that means her and Artem get to stay with me longer, and I feel like right now, because Bryan is so busy and gone just so much, that I really love having them at the house. I just feel like that's the only thing that will make me feel safe. ‐ Should we turn you into a protector? Hmm? ‐ ‐ What happened? ‐ She's just trying to escape. ‐ Oh. ‐ ‐ We're making our famous pesto salmon orzo. ‐ I am excited. ‐ It's very good. ‐ Oh, hi. ‐ Oh, hey. ‐ Sorry. Bird‐Bird! ‐ Can you say‐‐lookit. ‐ Can I have a kiss? Thank you. ‐ Hi. ‐ So there's a lot of thunder and lightning out there. ‐ Yeah. ‐ What's up? Did Nicole not come with you? ‐ No. ‐ Is she coming later? ‐ I think she's just probably gonna come on her own, right? ‐ Yeah? ‐ Well, where was she? ‐ Well, what about Artem though? ‐ Birdie and I were running a couple errands. She needed a new dress. Yeah, so, I would think they would come together. ‐ Well, so, Brie‐‐ Brie, do you wanna find out where Nicole is, or do you want J to call her? ‐ Oh, yeah, let me call her. I'll call her. ‐ We just got a bunch of salmon, so I just didn't wanna, like, over‐‐ you know, I don't want to make too much. ‐ Would you like to start with any oysters? ‐ I'm just gonna‐‐I'm gonna do your avocado roll. ‐ Okay, absolutely. ‐ I'll just do a burger. ‐ And how would you like that prepared? ‐ Medium. Can I get a barbecue sauce? Can I do no onions in it? ‐ Yes, absolutely. ‐ And can I do extra pickles and French fries? ‐ By the way, do you wanna know a fun fact? He is actually in the World Guinness Records for doing this one dance in 30 seconds. Can you just show her the steps? ‐ Why? No, I'm not doing that. ‐ Can you stand up and show me this? ‐ Please? ‐ I'll even give you a free slice of pie. ‐ Ooh... ‐ Ooh, what kinda pie is that? - ‐ Lemon meringue. - ‐ Mmm. ‐ A very gaudy slice of pie. Deal. ‐ Let's just see a little bit of it. ‐ You are bringing the pie? ‐ I am. This is our deal. ‐ Give us four fast ones. ‐ Yeah, four fast ones, like you're... ‐ Ready? Four fast ones. One, two, three. Done. ‐ That's how he won. Now do medium, so we really know the move. ‐ You know what, you're not the boss of me. ‐ Can we just do four medium fast? ‐ You're not the boss of me, no. ‐ Just give us four medium fast. ‐ Thank you. Thank you for‐‐ ‐ No, thank you. ‐ Can you stop embarrassing me? ‐ Well, I wanted to see it in the slow‐mo version. ‐ Fast, slow, dance, monkey, dance... ‐ Yeah, actually, yeah. ‐ Type of a deal? ‐ Oh. Hello? ‐ Hey, where are you? JJ and Lauren are waiting for you here at their house. ‐ Um, well, I don't think we're gonna make it. ‐ Okay, well, you should probably text them. ‐ Oh, I will. I mean, to tell you the truth, I actually don't know who to play with, or if I give Birdie attention at their house, I don't know if I'm gonna get put in time‐out or scolded, so... I don't really wanna be there, I'm not gonna lie. Here my mom doesn't want Artem involved in the family photo, and wants to make it all awkward, and then my brother wants to judge me and say that I favor Birdie over his daughters, and give me a hard time about not showing up to places. It's like, why would I want to be around my family right now? So... ‐ Well, I don't think I ever gave an exact confirmation. ‐ I just feel like, back here just seems like someone could easily sneak around over here. ‐ People know when I'm on the road. Knowing that somebody has already committed a crime at this exact location is cause for concern. ‐ Here's what I need to happen. I need this all to be done before Artem lands. ‐ Wait, you're trying to hide a photo from Artem? ‐ One photo. Like, our family photo. ‐ That's so weird. So... ‐ Well, I don't think I ever gave an exact confirmation. ‐ Okay, I mean, yeah, I'll text him. ‐ Okay, bye. ‐ Bye. It's, like, it's so unfortunate that they feel the way they do, because I love their daughters with all my heart. And now they've made it so uncomfortable and awkward, like, I don't even want to be around. Brie and I legit, like, we're a tag team in everything we do. As entrepreneurs, as WWE Superstars, as sisters. ‐ You think he's missing out, like, JJ missing out on your relationship? Because he's not ever really part of it. ‐ I know that's been an issue with my brother for a long time. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ And I wish JJ could have had a brother. Like, I do wish that, because I can't understand what he goes through as a man. So I think, with my brother, it can't just be about the nieces. It has to be about something deeper. ‐ I understand you and Brie completely, you know? And I also get JJ in the sense of, like, he does feel a bit, like, left out, you know? Like, he was kind of, like, the outsider... ‐ Yeah. ‐ Of the whole thing that's happening around you, you know? ‐ Right. ‐ Nicole is not‐‐ Nicole's not coming. ‐ She makes life so difficult. ‐ She doesn't wanna come, because of what JJ and Lauren said about her always favoring Birdie... ‐ How'd she find out? ‐ And it just always makes her so awkward now. ‐ How'd she find out? ‐ Of course I told her. ‐ So you're to blame for not having her here. ‐ You know Nicole. The minute things feel weird for her, she shuts down. ‐ All this stresses me out. ‐ Mom... ‐ I'm sorry. ‐ You're a grandma. ‐ I'm whispering. ‐ Weird. Weird! ‐ What? ‐ Nicole can't come. ‐ Why? ‐ Oh. ‐ I don't know, she said, "Sorry, I can't come to the barbecue." ‐ We always have fun together. We don't need everyone. Let's not make it a‐‐ ‐ Well, no. ‐ Well, it's just like, with our conversations, it's, like, just sort of proof in the pudding, right? Like it always says, "Actions speak louder than words." ‐ This actually makes JJ right, and validates everything he's saying. And I know Nicole's not this person, so I'm like, "Please, can you, like, prove that you're not?" ‐ Plans are plans. It's just weird, right? ‐ I just think you guys have to talk about this before it becomes bigger than what it is. ‐ Oh, my goodness. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ Thank you two, enjoy. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Whoa. Well, they matched the forks with the pie. Artem? I'm gonna stab you. ‐ No, don't go away. ‐ No! ‐ Stay here. ‐ Artem... ‐ Come here, come here. ‐ No. Artem, you're in public. You're the worst. ‐ You owe me. You owe me. You owe me. ‐ Mm‐mm. ‐ You owe me. Give me your nose. ‐ Okay, you got my nose. ‐ There you go. Perfect. Ah... ‐ I'll just eat the pie. ‐ Yeah, it's all yours. ‐ I love you. ‐ Now, is this a little extreme? You tell me... ‐ If you say barbed wire, I'm gonna say it's too extreme. ‐ "Bob" wire is what I put at the other house. ‐ ‐ We don't need "bob" wire for this house. ‐ "Barbed." ‐ Oh, yeah, "barbed." ‐ ‐ I'll never get it right. Security gate. ‐ There? ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ Uh, I think that's a little extreme. ‐ Let's come over here. Bryan just got home, and it makes me feel relieved, 'cause it's a really unsettling feeling to be home alone a lot, especially after the experience I had with my car. So I do feel really relaxed. Back here, it just seems like it gets so dark. ‐ Would you feel comfortable with, like, a floodlight there? So anybody who tries to hop or do anything like that, as soon as they‐‐bam. ‐ Yeah, let's do a floodlight and a camera then over here... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And maybe over there. ‐ Our schedules have always been busy, but now it's a different type of busy. Short answer, no, we haven't figured it out. I'm home fully for five days, and I wanna talk to Brie to be the best husband and father that I can be from an emotional standpoint. Nobody's coming in from over there, unless we're afraid of Nicole hopping the fence and putting Louis Vuitton in Birdie's room. ‐ I know. But... ‐ I'm mildly concerned by that. Brie's definitely becoming more paranoid, because of our car being stolen, but that's justified. Being in a house as a woman by yourself with your child, knowing that somebody has already committed a crime at this exact location, is cause for concern. ‐ I just feel like, back here just seems like someone could easily sneak around over here, so I want this to feel like you can't sneak around. I just‐‐when you're gone, all I want is, like, peace of mind at night. ‐ Well, that's what I want too. I want you to feel safe. Like, it's not home if it doesn't feel safe, right? ‐ Bryan and our relationship isn't getting better. I hate being alone. I get really scared. When I think about security and I think about protection, to have two parents in the house makes me feel better than just me. So I added four more security cameras. I also got two different security gates. I changed my locks. That's the only thing that will make me feel safe. ‐ Let's go! ‐ That's thunder. ‐ Just be happy she made it. ‐ Hey, everyone! Shut up! ‐ Obviously you wanna be next to Birdie, right? ‐ Is he for real right now? ‐ Alice, are you gonna smile? All JJ wants is one picture of the family. Okay, here's what I need to happen. So if you guys could help. I need this all to be done before Artem lands. ‐ Wait, you're trying to hide a photo from Artem? ‐ One photo. Like, our family photo. ‐ So weird. ‐ Nicole has made me feel really bad, and is giving me a lot of crap, and this is my birthday present. So Artem arrives in an hour. Before he gets here, I'm taking a couple shots of my family the way I want to. ‐ Was that thunder? Yeah, that's thunder. ‐ Looks like it's gonna storm. The twins are late. My granddaughter has tattoos. ‐ What? But you can so easily, like, Photoshop that out. ‐ They will be Photoshopped out. ‐ No, they won't, no. ‐ Yeah. JJ... ‐ It's my picture. ‐ I'm gonna take my shirt off, so Mommy can see my tattoos too. ‐ You're so annoying. ‐ We have to leave, I'm not kidding you, in 30 minutes, like, exactly. ‐ By the time the twins get here, you guys leave. Maybe we just take it in our cars. ‐ Where are we taking it? ‐ It's about a ten‐minute walk. ‐ Ten‐minute walk? We have to leave. ‐ You banked on the girls being on time. That's sort of your fault. ‐ ‐ Is that them? ‐ Are you ready? There's V! ‐ Bryan, we need to get them moving. ‐ Let's go! ‐ Birdie! Come give me a hug. Oh, I love that dress. Will you tell everyone to hurry? You guys look beautiful, but you're late. ‐ For good reasons. ‐ Just be happy she made it. ‐ Okay, let's walk on Bryan's pace. ‐ lt is shocking. ‐ Artem lands in how long? ‐ Artem, I think he just landed. ‐ He just landed? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Okay, everyone, walk faster. ‐ It actually pisses me off, because Artem is the man of my life. Has anyone thought about how Artem's going to feel? Like, this is nuts. ‐ Mom, I really can't believe you made us hike in the desert. ‐ What? ‐ I'm shocked you picked a family photo like this. ‐ Actually, it's gonna look really cool. ‐ Mom, that's so far. ‐ Okay, I am in heels, and I am not bitching. I'm walking. ‐ Oh, shoot. ‐ Oh, my God, what a bunch of bitches. ‐ Uh, excuse me, your granddaughter's right behind you. ‐ Oh. ‐ This better be a very fast photo. ‐ I feel rain. ‐ Like, can they Photoshop our faces? ‐ Hey, everyone! Shut up! ‐ This is what happens when Nicole finally shows up. God gets mad. ‐ Am I in the right family photo right now? Because I feel like I'm about to go meet Artem and just kick myself out, because this is, like, unreal. ‐ You're hurting all our feelings by making us here right now in this rain. ‐ Okay, let's go. Let's do it. Okay, Claire, where should we be? ‐ All right. ‐ So obviously, you wanna be next to Birdie, right? ‐ Brie, is he for real right now? ‐ Birdie, do you wanna hold Dodo's hand? My family doesn't understand, like, "You know what, wait for the right time." It just doesn't happen. ‐ Ready? One, two, three... ‐ I don't even know what my hair looks like. ‐ It doesn't look like what it used to. ‐ I could see my brother looking at my sister. He was bothered. And I could tell. I'm like, "He's gonna snap on my sister." My brother just doesn't know how to control himself. I guess none of us do. ‐ I'm gonna take the kids... ‐ Okay. ‐ Because it's just too rainy. ‐ Okay. ‐ Well, I'm just shocked you're not, like, chasing Birdie, like, to go help. ‐ JJ, what is your deal with all the Birdie comments, the being late, the not showing up? Like, honestly? ‐ 'Cause it's all real. You're always late. You always favor Birdie... ‐ No, but you're always giving me. ‐ Okay, we don't have a lot of time. We have Artem coming... ‐ Who cares? ‐ And I didn't wanna hurt Artem's feelings, but now I really don't care about Artem's feelings. Well, I do, but you two piss me off, so‐‐ and it's only gonna rain harder. ‐ I sit here and I get all these comments constantly. ‐ It's only gonna rain harder, and you wanna take a picture of us anyways? ‐ Okay, I'm out. I gotta go. ‐ Brie, am I constantly being judged by him? ‐ No. No, you're not. It's not judgmental. It's my opinion on how you treat my family. No, it's not. ‐ No, JJ, you‐‐ ‐ Guys... ‐ You ruin it for me. Yes, you do. ‐ No, not at all. No. You ruin... ‐ I'm not even gonna deal with this. ‐ Okay, so you're gonna be very upset when Vivian doesn't know really who you are. ‐ See, no, it's because you guys feed her that bull. ‐ We don't feed her anything. ‐ Yeah, no, you do. ‐ Let me tell you something, when she says everyone's names, she says everyone's names besides Coco's. ‐ That's not my fault. ‐ Yeah, it is your fault. ‐ How is it my fault? ‐ 'Cause when you're in town, you don't come see her. You don't get that. ‐ JJ, majority of the time, when I come to Phoenix... ‐ Listen, I don't wanna change you, I don't wanna change you. ‐ Then don't change me. ‐ But let me tell you something. I'm just letting you know what's gonna happen, that's all. And you're gonna be sad. You're gonna be sad. ‐ No, because I'm living my life. ‐ How about we go somewhere? ‐ Okay, you're gonna be sad. I'm telling you that right now. ‐ JJ, you need to get in your car and go. ‐ First off, when you're guilty, you get very defensive. When you get that defensive and freak out, you are telling me that you know what you're doing. You just gotta call them out, and that's what I do, and, guess what, I'll do it till the day I die. ‐ No one in their right mind would be arguing with their sister about their little girl like this, no way about an aunt and niece relationship. And I feel like there's just so much more he's harboring deep inside against me, because this is crazy right now. J, don't you need to go run to your family? ‐ Oh, shoot, is that Artem? ‐ Artem, JJ's being mean to me. ‐ Hey, Artem! My mom didn't want you in her shot, but then she didn't wanna tell you about it, then she wanted to put you in one. ‐ You know what? You can shut up, J. I don't believe in karma, but I have to say, these photos are a disaster. I guess this is what I get for trying to keep Artem out of the photo. I don't even want the picture. ‐ Hey, hey, you and I need to talk about your girl, man. If there's someone that could change her, it might be you. ‐ You came at the perfect time. Oh, my gosh, how cool. ‐ Here we go. It's been a week since we had the family argument in the desert, so, I am going to L.A. to make things right, but I'm feeling a little anxious. ‐ So guys, this is my buddy Stanley over here, all right? ‐ Aww. ‐ So Stanley is a reticulated male giraffe. He's a very sweet boy. Ten years old. ‐ He looks sweet. ‐ He is amazing. ‐ Ten years old. ‐ So Stanley is about full‐grown in height at this point. However, he is gonna put on some weight, yes. ‐ Look at how cute... ‐ Yes. ‐ I'm not sure how Artem feels about how I acted, so I have some recovering to do here. ‐ Would you like me to take a picture of you three? ‐ Oh, that'd be great. ‐ I would be happy to help. ‐ He can be in it, right? ‐ Aww. ‐ Would you like me to take a picture of you three? ‐ Oh, that'd be great. ‐ I would be happy to help with that, all right? - ‐ He can be in it, right? - ‐ You're so bad. ‐ Did you hear what I said? ‐ What? ‐ I said, "He can be in it, right?" Aww. Aww. Artem, I think he likes you. ‐ Fantastic. On three. One, two, three. Let's go enjoy some wine, okay? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, yeah. ‐ Wine time! ‐ Well, that was a nice picture, guys. I'm glad I made that one. ‐ Oh, you are so... ‐ I'm just kidding. ‐ But, Artem, did Nicole tell you why I was so hesitant? ‐ I mean, kind of, I guess. ‐ My mom, she had to take two of mine down‐‐ two of her pieces of art down, because of two ex‐husbands... ‐ Oh, my. That's‐‐yeah. ‐ So I just got a little paranoid, but, you're family. ‐ So one, you think Artem's gonna be my husband, and, two, you think he's gonna be my ex‐husband? ‐ No, I want him to be your husband, and so, in my head, I thought, "Okay, they have to at least be engaged to get into the photo," and then I don't feel that way anymore. Nicole shouldn't be in the photo. ‐ I felt a bit foolish at the time, but I'm very understanding, and I think she's learned that she can easily talk to me about things, and I'm gonna do my best understand the reasoning behind it. Well, I totally get it. ‐ Do you get it? ‐ Yeah. You should've just, guys, told me that flat out. ‐ I love that Artem is so sweet about this whole situation, because I could tell it's making my mom feel so bad, which she deserves. ‐ Look up there, the perfect picture setting for you two. ‐ Oh, my gosh. Oh. ‐ It would be great for a lot of things... this place. ‐ Here, can you hold this? ‐ What are you gonna do? Artem, that's not even funny. Don't. No, I am not ready for that. ‐ I mean... ‐ That really‐‐he got me. That was a good joke, because... it's just too soon. ‐ I heard that there was need for more wine. ‐ Oh, yes. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Yep, I definitely need more. ‐ Hey, there you go. ‐ Oh, wow, I've never actually been here, Brie. ‐ Oh, it's awesome. You'll love it. I love getting the girls together, so I set up this playdate at the Children's Museum. I kinda just want Nicole and JJ to make up. I really feel like this situation's gotten so blown out of proportion, and I feel like it's a lot easier than what everyone's making it. Here, let's come over here real quick, Bird. Lookit, Bird, you can plant stuff. ‐ That's really cool. I haven't seen JJ since we got into our big argument, and I'm already feeling uncomfortable, uneasy, and I'm thinking to myself, like, "I can't believe I feel this way seeing family." ‐ Hey, guys. ‐ Hi. ‐ Hi. ‐ Vivian? ‐ V? ‐ Hey. ‐ Even though I'm super annoyed at my brother right now, I don't want this tension to ruin my family, and I just kinda want to make up with JJ and Lauren and see, like, "What can we do to make this work?" How about J and I will stay and they all go? ‐ Okay, watch our stuff. She's like, "I'm going." ‐ "I'm going." ‐ What's going on? ‐ Nothing. I mean, last time I talked to you, you yelled at me. ‐ No, I spoke to you. I didn't yell at you. ‐ Well, you were very upset. I feel like sometimes how upset you get at me about this whole Vivian and Birdie thing, which I think is so mind‐blowing, I just feel like there's more to it than just being about the kids. ‐ No, it's not. That's what it is. It's actually more about you. ‐ It makes me uncomfortable when I am around you guys, because I feel like I'm being judged. ‐ Don't ever think we're, like, judging you or anything like that. It's more for you, is what I'm saying, because they are gonna get older, and she's listing her whole family and she doesn't say your name, I'm like, "Well, that's a bummer. She should be saying, "Where's Coco? "Coco's never here. You know, Coco's in town. She's gonna come visit them." Whatever it is. It's important to them. They love you guys, you know? ‐ No, I know. Well, I mean, I'll work on that. And I wanna be more in their lives. Believe me, I love your little girls. Like, I wish you knew how much I love them. ‐ Yeah, and I would never think you didn't love our girls... ‐ Yeah. ‐ Ever. ‐ I'll make more of an effort, especially when I'm here. ‐ All right, we'll be more understanding. ‐ Okay. I love you. ‐ I love you too. ‐ I can only imagine how JJ feels, because it's always been about Brie and I, and, like, I can understand, maybe it's hard to be the only sibling to twins. Can Dodo get a hug? Aww. ‐ Aww. ‐ My brother has a huge heart, and what he wants at the end of the day is just this family to be together. It's really cute. He just needs to learn how to handle it a little bit. I'm willing to make whatever work, because I love these girls. There's no favorites here. Auntie Coco loves them all equally. And now, starring Birdie and Vivian! ‐ Wow, Bird, you're a butterfly! Is that a butterfly or a bug? ‐ No, that's a fly. ‐ That's definitely a fly. ‐ We won't tell her, 'cause she's afraid of bugs. ‐ ‐ I've got an audition with the show Renee and Booker T are hosting. I'm just kinda nervous. This is something I've never really done before. I've been working really hard on a vision board for you. ‐ Is that your vision board? You just, like, extended it? ‐ No, it's what I visualize for you, because I know you so well. ‐ I just wanna be myself. ‐ I'm trying to light a fire under your ass. ‐ We agreed on a simple life. ‐ I don't complain that you're on the road as much as you are. ‐ I often wonder if this kind of relationship is sustainable at all. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 