Rillington Place: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rillington Place 
 s1e3 - Reg - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rillington Place (2016): Season 1, Episode 3 - Reg - full transcript 
 Following the strain of Evans's trial, Christie finds it increasingly difficult to maintain the charade. As his marriage breaks down, he embarks upon a course of action that will finally reveal his true nature to the world. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - She pretty, Reg? - Hard to say from this angle. Well, you keep your bloody hands to yourself. We're not long married, Mr Christie. Could do with some privacy. I'm not having any more. If you get rid of it, you'll have rid of me. I have... helped couples in similar situations. He's trained as a doctor, Tim. I trust him. You've just got to tell Mr Christie everything's all right. Bad news, I'm afraid. What did you do to her? They'll think you killed her. You could hang for this. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If anyone asks, you just say... Beryl's gone away. They found the bodies. Your wife, and your daughter. - No. No. - To make this easy on yourself, I suggest you make your confession now. I never done it, Mum. Christie done it. Christie's the one saying you done it. short pieces by anonymous composers. They're based on a plainsong setting and are taken from a volume of organ music printed by the 16th century publisher Attaingnant. The prosecution calls witness John Reginald Halliday Christie. I do solemnly declare that the evidence I shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help me, God. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 On the 8th November last year, you said in your statement that you recalled being woken by something in the night? Yes. We were in bed, both in bed, my wife and I, and... we were startled by a very loud thud, like something being dragged across the floor. And is it true or is it not true that the next time you saw Timothy Evans he told you that Mrs Evans had gone to Bristol with the baby? Yes, that's true. What kind of character would you say the defendant was? At first he seemed decent enough. What changed your opinion? The drinking. And the rows. It was so bad once that I... I had to call the police out. Another time he almost pushed Mrs Evans out the window. Your witness. Mr Christie. Did you know that Mrs Evans was pregnant in November of last year? My wife told me. I'm sorry, could you speak up? My wife told me. Well, I'd like to suggest to you that you attempted to perform an illegal abortion on Mrs Evans. And in the process thereof, Mrs Evans lost her life. In fact, I must suggest to you that not only are you responsible for the death of Mrs Evans, but also for her little girl. That on the Tuesday evening, with Timothy Evans' help, you carried the dead body of Mrs Evans down to Mr Kitchener's flat. No, no, no. That's absolutely ridiculous. At the time, the fibrositis in my back was so bad I could scarcely bend. I had to crawl out of bed, and if I wanted to pick something up off the floor, I had to get down on my hands and knees. It's physically impossible. In fact, I am still under a great deal of treatment for the pain. Would you like a seat, Mr Christie? Yes, please, Your Honour. You are, are you not, a man of good character? Well, I have had some trouble. Would that be the conviction for the malicious wounding of a young woman? A crime for which you were sentenced to six months' imprisonment? Yes, yes. But... it was an act of self-defence. No further questions, Your Honour. Who was she, Reg? I didn't want to worry you, Ethel. I was renting a room from her for three and tuppence. A not immodest sum, which I felt should include hot water and a mattress. She disagreed with me and came at me... with a cricket bat. They should've taken her away there and then, but she told them it was all me. I'm just glad you weren't there to witness it. I've witnessed it now, haven't I, all right? Along with every Tom, Dick and Harry in that courtroom. Ethel. I've been through enough today. I need you by my side. I can't be more than ten paces from a WC, never mind my fibrositis. It is most inconvenient. It's incapacitating is what it is. I can imagine. I should be at home in bed, not facing the Spanish Inquisition in a crowded courtroom. I can give you some more pills. Strengthen the dose. I don't need more tablets. I need a doctor's note. I can't be expected to stand there in my condition. I'm unfit to testify, Dr Odess, that's the long and the short of it. Mr Christie, for me to sanction your absence from court, you would really need to be gravely ill. At death's door, so to speak. What is it, Ethel? How do we know it weren't the builders? The builders? We both know it wasn't the builders, don't we? How do we know? Well, the noise. The thud... that woke us up. It was on a Tuesday, wasn't it? About... midnight. He must've been moving her across the boards. The weight of her. He must've done it when he came in from work. She was fine when I left her. She said... she didn't want to go through with it, and by the time I'd packed my bag, she was fast asleep from the pill. You should never been up there in the first place. Don't I know it? Telling her you're a doctor! I was just trying to help, Ethel. Showing her those medical books, like you know the first thing about it. Now that's enough! I'm a bag of nerves, Ethel. Let's not mention helping Beryl with her... Well, her problem. Or we'll be dragged into this good and proper and before... before you know it, they'll be saying I killed her. Honestly, I don't think I'll sleep a wink tonight. Not a wink. I do solemnly declare that the evidence I shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help me, God. Mrs Ethel Christie? Yes. You are the wife of the last witness. Do you remember one night in November being wakened by a bump? Yes, I do. Did you hear anything unusual after the noise which woke you up? Well, afterwards... I heard a noise as if... furniture was being moved about. Did you ever go into the Evans' flat after the bump in the night? No, I don't think so. So far as you know, did Mr Christie ever go into the flat after that night? No, I don't think so. Thank you, Mrs Christie. Your name is Timothy John Evans? Yes, sir. How old are you? 25. Is it true you confessed to the murder of your wife and child? I have confessed it, sir, but it's... it is not true. So you did not put your wife's body down a manhole? - No, sir. - Well, why did you say you did? Well, that's what Mr Christie told me he was going to do with her. Why did you suddenly go to the police? Because I was getting worried about my daughter Geraldine. So, you confessed to murder because you were worried about your daughter? No... When I found out my daughter was dead I had nothing else to live for. And wasn't it also a lie that you helped Mr Christie carry your wife's body downstairs, when we know he was physically incapable of doing that? Or even carrying the child? I heard what he said... but I still say I helped him carry my wife's body. I did it all on the advice of Mr Christie. And this is the same Mr Christie you allege performed an illegal abortion on your wife? And yet we know she was killed by strangling, not by abortion. Can you suggest why Mr Christie should have strangled your wife? Well... He was home all day. He was home all day. That is a circumstance. It is not a reason. Again... Can you suggest why he strangled your wife? No, I can't. Then can you suggest why he should've strangled your daughter, two days later? No. The prosecution recalls John Reginald Halliday Christie. It appears from what we have heard today that Mr Timothy Evans' sole line of defence rests on attacking you... A perfectly innocent man. He alleges that you killed Mrs Evans while performing an abortion. Whereas, no evidence of any abortion exists. Mr Humphreys is making the assumption that his witness is innocent and the defendant is not. You cannot describe Mr Christie as a perfectly innocent man. What were you doing in the First World War, Mr Christie? I was in... Duke of Wellington's Regiment and Notts and Derby. And I was gassed twice. I was blinded for three months. I never spoke for three-and-a-half years. Blinded? And you could not speak for three years? Three-and-a-half years. The last time you were in trouble with the police for any offence was in 1938, correct? - Yes. - 12 years ago. And in this last war, despite your disabilities, you served with the Reserve Police for several years? Is that right? Yes, sir. I was commended on two occasions. So, you are an injured war veteran and a commended officer of the law. The man who accuses you of murder and abortion and swearing his life away is a self-confessed liar, who, on a previous occasion, attempted to throw his own wife out of the window. Yes. Timothy Evans... The jury finds you guilty of the murder of your daughter Geraldine Evans. You will be taken from here to a place of execution, and there you shall hang by the neck until you are dead. It wasn't me. Murderer! Murderer! Don't you dare call him that. He's a good man! Egg, Mrs Christie? Thanks. He'll have the shock of his life when he opens the door. He'll be bowled over. We don't want to be any trouble. We can always stay at a bed and breakfast. Here, don't be daft. It's nice to see you. Aye, it's no trouble. It's been ever so hard, ain't it Reg? I treated that lad like a son. Lent him money. Tried to teach him to read and write, and this is the thanks I get... Accusations of the foulest nature. You would never have known it, to look at him. He seemed like the gentle type. Well, you just met him for five minutes. Living with him, you saw a different side altogether. The rows. The drinking. The fights. It must be hard still living there? Aye, we want to move, but you know what the council's like. Snails'd get more done. You want to watch that, Reg. Janice works for the council now. Do you, love? That's nice. Anyway, Harry, you wouldn't believe the state of place now. Way the street is. It's filthy. Isn't it, Reg? And all them immigrants. You... ever think about coming back here? For good, I mean? It doesn't look like much, but they'll be up within the year. - Plumbed bathrooms, central heating. - Central heating, Reg. Sky-high bills, no doubt. Lovely views. - We'd never get one. - Never say never. Janice can pull a string or two. Can you? I'll have a word with my friend in Housing, he'll get you on the list. - We don't want to be any trouble. - No, it's no trouble. - What do you think, Reg? - I think we're getting carried away. Hello. Beresford Brown. Can I help you? We've moved in upstairs. Moved in? Mr Christie. I'll be up later to go over some rules. What rules would that be? The house rules. You work for the landlord? No, no, no... But I happen to be the longest-sitting tenant. They're your rules, then, not mine. Evening. - He's a nice enough chap. - He was laughing at you. What're you talking about? Reg's house rules. Why've we come back? We could have had a nice new house, but that's not what you wanted, is it? All I want is a bit of piece and quiet, love. You're invisible down here. No prying eyes. Creeping out at night. Well, I won't keep your dirty secrets a day longer, do you hear me? You need to lie down, Ethel. Lie down? I sent an innocent man to his death because of you. That baby was fine when I went up to check on her. Tim were out at work. It couldn't have been him. It should've been you at the end of that rope. Do you hear me? It should've been you. I'm taking you to see Dr Odess. You'll do no such thing! Y... You're not to blame, love. It's the strain, it's taking its toll. - Odess'll know what to do. - I won't see him! Well, have a home visit. Maybe he'll come here. Perhaps he'll... bring the head doctor. Second opinion. - Ethel? - I've been attacked. Her upstairs. The darkie. She hit me! She accused me of blocking her in the hall. Are you going to stand for that? Your own wife being physically assaulted in her own home. By a foreigner. If that's not the thin end of the wedge, I don't know what is! They take you here and they take you there and they make you feel like a millionaire. Did you talk to him? Yes, I did, love. There'll be no more trouble. All right. Ethel, darling. Mr Christie! I was just coming round to see Ethel. She's still in Halifax, I'm afraid. - She's had to extend her stay. - Why's that, then? Her brother took a turn for the worse. We might have to move back permanently. Well, that'd be a shame. It's families for you. You can't put a price. Well, if she's not back by Christmas you'll have to come to us. Thank you very much. I suffered the first one at the Evans trial. I was the star witness, you know. Dr Odess told me. My concern is what happens during these lapses, what I might do... that I might injure myself... or, God forbid, somebody else. The other day, Mrs Christie, she found me in the middle of the kitchen floor. No idea how I got there. I think you should come in, stay for a while. That way we can get a proper look at you. No, no, no, no. I don't think I could leave my wife. She's terrified of the neighbours. - And why is that? - They're coloureds, you see. I don't want to take up much more of your time. I just wanted to put you in the picture, as it were. It's one bedroom, but because it's... You're on the ground floor, - you've got the garden, see? - Is it nice? It's very nice. Decent size, too. Some of these so-called gardens, they're like somewhere you'd exercise a prisoner. You're funny. - All right, Rina? - Alex, Mr Christie. - How do you do? - Alex. - Just looking. - Be my guest. They're my wife's. Whatever takes your fancy. Thank you. Won't she mind? No. She's got more clothes than she knows what to do with. Take that one, Rina. And that one. I did say just the one item. It's not a free-for-all, I'm afraid. Look. I... I'm sorry, I... I've changed my mind. I wasn't expecting a second occupant. You'll have to find accommodation elsewhere, I'm afraid. You what? You playing at? Wasting our time. You said we had the run of the place! Rina. No, no, no, no. You can take the blouses. Don't worry. You come back later, you can have a coat or two if you like. Just don't bring him, though. Thanks, Mr Christie. Come on in, love. I'll have to put a bit of oil on that. Bit squeaky. Go on through. It's a perfectly safe procedure, love. Don't you worry. There you are, love. Right. Let me get your coat. Let's have this. There we are. You sit down. There we are. I know. I know, love. Let's take those shoes. Number one. Two. Let's just... pop those there. Don't you worry, I've done this before. Be back in a tick. - Where did you go? - Have a top up. Here. Here. All right, love. Bottoms up. There you are. Morning, Reg. Morning. Can I come in? - Well, it's a bit of a state in here... - I don't mind. Ethel's away. Housekeeping's not my strong suit. Moving out, Reg? Fingers crossed. The council have found us a flat in Willesden. Here, Judy. It's a two-bed. Have a seat. Cup of tea? No. There's something you need to know. There's been three burglaries on this street in the past month. That's well above average. You want me to keep my eyes open? - If you don't mind. - You leave it to me. - How long's Ethel gone for? - A fortnight or so. You're not wrong, Reg. Wrong? About your housekeeping. What's that stink? It's the neighbours. They're darkies. All that foreign food. Herbs and spices. I don't know why they can't eat English. Anyway, I'll see myself out. Are you all right, sir? Yes. Take off your hat. I think you need to come with me down to the station, Mr Christie. We've got Mrs Christie under the sitting room, Hectorina MacLellan, Rita Nelson and Kathleen Maloney in the kitchen, Muriel Eady and Ruth Fuerst in the back garden. We found this... Four different types of pubic hair, none of which match any of the bodies found. Were there others, Mr Christie? There is something... Something comes to mind, but I don't know what... Is it about Beryl Evans? Tim Evans' wife? It could be that. You do know I've not been well for a good time? You said that. I've been suffering from fibrositis... enteritis... Last year I had a nervous breakdown. Dr Petit from St Charles Hospital will verify it. Did you kill Beryl Evans? I have an idea that I strangled Mrs Evans, yes. What about the baby? Let me assure you, Inspector, that I've absolutely no idea what happened to the Evans' baby. I do not recollect seeing it on the Tuesday or any time afterwards. Good morning. It's all there. They're saying you killed the baby. I don't believe I did. But if I did, it would just confuse matters to say so... when they've already hanged a man. Even so, the jury'll have you hung, drawn and quartered before you can so much as set foot into that courtroom. It's a question of cognisance and culpability. I have a preponderancy to blackouts, and so say the finest medical minds. Without cognisance there can be no culpability. You can't hang a man who's not in charge of his faculties. Can I have my glasses back, please? John Reginald Halliday Christie, the jury find you guilty of the murder of your wife, Ethel Christie. From here you will be taken to a place of execution and hanged by the neck until you are dead. May the Lord have mercy on your soul. Tell them you killed Geraldine! Tell them my son was innocent! Is there anything else you want to tell me, Reginald? What time is it? Almost nine. It can't be. Do you want to confess now? Will it help me? I'm sorry... for Ethel. And the others? It might help if you could say their names. Ruth. Muriel. Rita. Kathleen. Hectorina. And Beryl. And the baby? Geraldine? That was all. Are you sure? - Corrected by darthfrede - www.addic7ed.com... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 