Excel Saga: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Excel Saga 
 s1e3 - The Sacrificial Lamb of the Venomous Great Escape of Hell - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Excel Saga (1999–2001): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Sacrificial Lamb of the Venomous Great Escape of Hell - full transcript 
 In a parody of low budget action movies, Excel becomes a POW in a jungle war zone. Meanwhile Hyatt, ACROSS' newest member, is sent out by Ilpalazzo to find her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an8}Excel Saga {\an8}I, Koshi Rikdo, hereby give my permission to make the Excel Saga anime into a B movie action flick. --Koshi Rikdo I, Koshi Rikdo, hereby give my permission to make the Excel Saga anime into a B movie action flick. {\an8}Koshi Rikdo Wanna watch it? {\an8}Sore wa ai ja nai That isn't love {\an8}Ai wa sore ja nai Love isn't that {\an8}Aishite iru kedo aisarete wa inai 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I am in love, but I am not loved {\an8}Kesshite ai ja nai Definitely isn't love {\an8}Ketsu wa ai ja nai Derriere isn't love {\an8}Aisaretai keredo motometari wa shinai I want to be loved, but I never seek it out {\an8}Kono mi sasagete inochi nagedashi I offer myself and throw my life away {\an8}Wakime mo furazu tada hitasura ni Looking neither left nor right, I will just earnestly {\an8}Damashite sukashite yokohairi Cheat, wheedle, interfere {\an8}Tanin o fumitaoshi keri o kamashite 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And trample down and kick strangers {\an8}- Tonzura koite! - Tonzura koite! - And we get the hell out! - And we get the hell out! {\an8}- Tonzura koite! - Tonzura koite! - And we get the hell out! - And we get the hell out! {\an8}- Tonzura koite! - Tonzura koite! - And we get the hell out! - And we get the hell out! {\an8}Tonzura koite! And we get the hell out! {\an8}Banana no kawa de korondemo Even if I slip on a banana peel {\an8}Sore wa subete ano kata no tame It is all for his sake anyway {\an8}Shiite iu nara sore wa kitto If anything, that is probably {\an8}Ai to iu na no chuuseishin A kind of loyalty called love General, where in the world are we headed? Who cares?! We have no purpose! But! Then, what are we flying around for?! It's just for the dramatic presentation of a B movie. I see. This world is corrupt! Are you listening, Hyatt? Yes. The Earth is swamped with wars, which give rise to starvation, poverty, and death, and the people... The people cannot even find regret within their hearts. Are you really listening? But of course. They only concentrate on improving their invincible military power. A lasting peace is a dream beyond a dream! They spend their capital on their hatred without a backwards glance and they have completely given up trying to understand each other. Could they possibly have the right to call themselves victims?! No, they do not! There is only one thing that could bring true control and stability to this world, and that is our ACROSS... Hyatt... It seems that you are unable to hear what I am saying. Not at all. I am listening, Lord Ilpalazzo. Please continue. Well, that is a different issue. About today's mission... This is? Excel has gone missing. Find her for me. Miss Excel? She looks like that. She was fasting for four days and counting, due to lack of capital. This is a photo of her trying to hide her hunger with a weird look. Keeping in mind that she might look more normal at present, please search for her! Hail, Ilpala... No good. It seems like she will be more reliable than Excel. Everyone, how have you been doing? I am in a pretty terrible predicament. Could it be that, in the end, humans cannot reach an understanding with one another? I trespassed just a little bit and they've imprisoned me and interrogated me. I have not been given the right to be silent or call an attorney. It has been a 24-hour endurance torture fest with no explanation. They keep mentioning spies and secrets, but a skirmish like this in such a remote area is so totally unrelated to someone like me, who serves Lord Ilpalazzo. Why can't they understand that? Oh, a little higher. There are many others who were caught the same as me, and I made some friends as well, but... Their numbers dwindle as the days go by. When we have accomplished our conquest, perhaps there is a need for a country-wide purge. Goddamn! Well, that's pretty much what's been going on, but I can't stay here too long and inconvenience Lord Ilpalazzo, you know? And so, as you can see, I am independently carving my way home. However... Every so often, I find these things that are difficult to comment on. So, I do wish to return home safely soon, before I become like this tomorrow. I am so hungry! It's no good. Putting on a weird look won't hide the roar of my digestive organs. Come to think of it, what could have happened to Menchi? This is exactly what that mutt is for. That mutt Cute little thing, aren't you? Hey, want this? There's no rush, it won't run away. Come to think of it, what's his name? Now that you mention it, we hadn't decided yet. How about Micky? Micky? I remember, he liked dogs too. He used to say that when he was discharged, he'd open a pet store in his home state of Alabama. And he had to die like that! Let's stop this! But she's a female. So what? When he was discharged, he was going to have surgery and become a woman in both body and soul and live happily with me! And he had to die like that! Oh, well, anyway, you're Micky now. What are you men doing?! Yes, Sir! We were playing with Micky! What? Is this Micky? Yes, it is, Sir! How many times do I have to tell you? He's already dead! We have no time to waste looking back on the past! We always have only this moment to live. Yes, Sir! I'll give you wimps a special training exercise! Build one doghouse within the day! You'll get no mercy if you don't make it on time! Yes, Sir! Freedom! Freeze! You have the right to breathe. You have the right to blink freely. You have the right to pick your nose freely. Oh? Hey, you dog over there! Might you be... Ow! Ow! I'm falling! Stay there and pray! For good weather for tomorrow's execution! Of course, we'll still do it even if it rains. Oh, stop! I believe this environment is far too harsh for a beautiful heroine! Besides, what about food?! Oh, I guess there is some here. It got away! Today's special on the menu! How noisy. I never thought anyone else would come here. It has already been twenty years, but you are the first. Who is this place? Where are you? I am Excel. I am one who once tried to expose their secret by infiltrating them. Though now, I am just a wretched iron mask. But I came too close to the truth. Young one, there are things in this world that one definitely does not need to know, though it is too late. That's no good! I have to quickly get back to Lord Ilpalazzo! Ilpalazzo? This How dazzling. Your youth is your passion. Old man... I am not an old man! Call me Tetchan. All right, Tetchan! Is there any way to escape from here? It may sound cruel, but no, there is not! The outer walls are slimy and there is no sign of people passing by. We have absolutely no hope of being rescued. Oh, come on! All that's left is to think of how to enjoy this vast amount of time. Well, if you put your mind to it, it can be pretty fun. I don't want to be in such a loveless, dreamless, hopeless place! Who will aid Lord Ilpalazzo?! I've had enough! I'm leaving! I will erase this apartment and you guys from my life! Oh, come on. We only used your porn for a potholder for a little bit. It could even enrich the flavor. {\an8}Soy sauce flavor... Shut up! I'm leaving! I'm leaving right now! Good-bye and good-bye to you bastards! Good-bye! Good-bye! Good-bye! Good-bye! Good-bye! Good-bye! This is... {\an8}Undisguised desire! Shut up! What's with that beauty? Is there anything I can help you with? And you are? Well, I'm a run-of-the-mill Watanabe just passing by. I... Yes? An apartment nearby... Maybe it'd be better if you didn't talk? I'll walk you there. Come on. Thank you so much. I am going to be living in room 204 of a nearby apartment building. A nearby apartment building?! Room 204?! That's next door! Nice to meet meet you. I live next door... I'm Nabeshin. Not you! Hey! Hey, Micky! It's done! So, you like it then. Hey, we helped too. Don't monopolize Micky. That's right. Take a look at my art! Hey, Micky's female, remember? Oh, what a big mistake I've made! Curry rice. Squid jerky. Menchi cutlet. Egg on buckwheat noodles. Horse sashimi. Salted fish guts. Pickled scallions. Sea urchins. Meat. Crepes. Pudding a la mode. Donuts. Tuna salad. Sweet dumplings. Sesame crackers. Salmon stew. Fresh radish pickles. Cake. Kimchi. Fish cake. Alligator. Boiled beans. Eggs, sunny side up. Tree ears. Brown rice. Potatoes. Seaweed. Whale. Rice. Sukiyaki. Millet dumplings. Sesame tofu. Fruit parfait. Green soybeans. Sweet and salty soft bamboo shoots. Raw tuna. Roast beef. Shark fins. Lemon pie. Strawberry jam. Mousse. Sweet and sour kelp. Yellowtail. Apple juice. Watermelon. Pumpkin. Egg custard. Shiitake mushrooms. Hairy crabs. Garlic. Chestnut and sweet potato dumpling! Oh, I hate this! I don't want to waste the rest of my life on a game coming up with names of foods that I can't eat! Well, that's life, those are life, this is life, they're all life. Oh, no! That's right! I should live more like a pretty girl and go... Lord Ilpalazzo! What is it, Excel? I love you a hell of a lot. I don't want to be doing monologue four-frame comics either! Who's there?! You haven't changed a bit, Tetchan! That voice! That's right! Nabeshin has just arrived! Nabeshin! Tetchan! Oh? How did you find this place? I asked an army guy who got discharged. What about the heroine's position? You haven't changed. You're just like you were in the old days. What about the heroine's position? What about the heroine's position? So are you. Hello? Isn't this kinda cheap? Now, let's get outta here! Hey... I wish you well! Wait a minute! Are you just going to leave me here and go?! I don't think it's too much to ask to be saved at the same time! But you look heavy. Pissed! I'm not that heavy! I'll hold it against you! I'll hate you! I'll die on you! I'll die, become a ghost, and play that game by your bed every night! Furthermore, I'll... And I'll only say stuff like that! On top of that, you... {\an8}Emergency Exit Let's go. Thanks a bunch. Escapees! File Footage File Footage Get them! Nabeshin! Yeah, this is bad. Let's split up from here. Take this with you. That's some dandruff, man. I wish you luck! Hey, hey, they're even skipping along too, you know... There she is! This way! What's so funny? I never thought I'd be in a fix like this with you again. It brings back old memories. We can reminisce together later. How's Space Butler doing? Oh, he's still the idiot that he's always been. What's wrong? A snake! An anaconda?! How careless! Who would have thought there'd be an anaconda here?! Hang in there! Are you all right? Oh, no, the poison is starting to work its way through. Well, I'd be more worried about the lower half of you. Well, we'll ignore that for now. I'm a goner! You idiot, what are you... It's okay. Just leave me here. I could never do that. Nabeshin, my mask... Well? Have I aged? Not at all. You're just like you were in the old days, Tetsuko. Nabeshin, one more time? Like we always used to? That's as far as the love scene goes. So it was you after all, Nabeshin. Haven't seen you since the war in Bokoda. You bastard! Fire! Tetsuko! Nabeshin... Tetsuko... Tetsuko! We can't allow anyone to escape from here, you see. You bastards! I'm lost and I'm hungry... Menchi! Don't move! Oh, my! Splendid, Nabeshin! Truly a Ninja Commando from Hell! Run! Run! Run! This is it! I have won! How dare you! Micky... Menchi, it's okay, I'm not mad. You just wanted to come along too, right? Menchi, nothing good is born of war. It is just foolish destruction. In the end, a society like this needs a ruler like Lord Ilpalazzo! Sandora! Welcome home! I'm home... Oh, you. Dear! Why?! Papa's home, so let's have dinner. Yeah! Papa? Oh, Dear, he's become so completely attached to you. Well, he's not the only one, right? Oh, Dear! Gomez They have me... But my son and my sexy wife are with Gomez... No! Well, now that I have had some sleep and come back to life, I suppose I shall return to my duties. Oh, peace is so wonderful! But with only one photograph, I have no place to start searching. Later, I'll apologize to Lord Ilpalazzo about my unexcused absence. Oh, but I guess dinner comes before that. If only I had a few more clues. Dinner, dinner. Oh, my. What's this?! What's this?! We just met and she's dead already! {\an8}Episode 3: The Sacrificial Lamb of the Venomous Great Escape of Hell {\an8}Episode 3: The Sacrificial Lamb of the Venomous Great Escape of Hell Today's experiment... {\an8}Episode 3: The Sacrificial Lamb of the Venomous Great Escape of Hell Today's experiment... Failed {\an8}The visuals and audio collected onto this videocassette are sold for the limited purpose of use in private homes only. {\an8}Kizuiteta ano hi kara I knew, ever since that day {\an8}Anata ga chikazuite kitawake The reason you had approached me {\an8}Hagotae no yawarakai Tender and soft {\an8}Kono mi ga anata no okonomi to That my body is to your taste {\an8}Ue ni taeteru hitomi ni To your hunger-stricken eyes {\an8}Kono mi wa dou utsuru How does my body seem {\an8}Shokusu nara hitoomoi ni If you are to eat me, do it in one blow {\an8}Oniku ga kataku naranu you ni So that the meat does not get hard Love: A sweet and painful agony that everyone goes through. Like and dislike, beating and throbbing, and somehow vaguely sweet and sour memorial of youth. You there, without any childhood friends, maids, or step-kid sisters and with completely matured armpits. Please recall that day after school, when you snuck into the classroom and licked all over the bamboo flute of the girl you liked. And the folkdance where you had to line up with the girls because there weren't enough people and you ended up having to dance with all guys. The words of "I love you" that you wrote on the tapeworm test sheet and gave to the girl who was a member of the health committee. Maybe it's a youthfulness that's like to and heart and boys and be. Next time is lovey-dovey puny love. The common name is "Love Puny". Episode 4: Love Puny Next time is lovey-dovey puny love. The common name is "Love Puny". Episode 4: Love Puny No, it has nothing to do with that. Really. {\an8}Episode 4: Love Puny 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 