Fireman Sam: Season 9, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Fireman Sam 
 s9e9 - Whale Watch - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Fireman Sam (2003–…): Season 9, Episode 9 - Whale Watch - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [BEEPING] [THEME MUSIC] THEME SONG: When he  hears that fire alarm, Sam is always cool and calm. [SIREN BLARING] If you're stuck,  give him a shout. He'll be there to help you out. So move aside, make  way for Fireman Sam, 'cause he's gonna save the day. Fireman Sam, 'cause  he's brave to core. Sam is the hero next door. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [MUSIC PLAYING] Good luck on your whale watch. Ooh. We're not just  watching them, Sam. We're having to record  their songs too. Whale song is supposed to  be very relaxing, you know? I'm sure it is. Well, I'm looking forward  to spending some quality time with my niece and nephew. [GAME DEVICE BEEPING] How'd you get past  the ninja turnips? Click Up twice. Then Back once. And hold down the button. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Off for a spot of  sailing, Charlie? We're going to  look for a whale. Fantastic. I've got tonnes  of whale watching. Oh, Ben. Why don't you come with us? But-- Come and sit next to me. Well, if you're sure it's OK. Mind you, you haven't  quite timed it right for the tides, Charlie. Oh, Ben, you do know  so much about the sea. Um. I think I know the Pontypandy  tides better than anyone. You certainly do, Charlie. Well, aren't you going to say  goodbye to your mum and dad? BOTH: Bye, Mum and Dad. [DEVICES BEEPING] And then I was tracking  this shoal of minke whales off the coast of North Alaska. Ooh. North Alaska. I'd love to go to North Alaska. So where have you  sailed, Charlie? Uh, North Pontypandy  and, uh, South Pontypandy. Brilliant. And the most interesting  thing about Titan is-- [DING] Hello, Sam. I hope we're not  interrupting you. Not at all. It'll be nice to chat  to someone who isn't controlling a giant vegetable. Come on, Carrotzilla. We've come to learn how  to use Neptune's new sonar. Hey, you two, surely  you'll be interested in that. Yes! See, Sam. I made it to level eight. So I was scoping this  pod of narwhals when one of their tails hit  the boat, and I was thrown right up into the air. Oh no! Were you all right? Well, apart from a bump on my  head the size of a grapefruit. Do you remember the time my  fishing net gave me a blister and I stubbed my toe  on a lobster pot? Yes, dear. Oh, Ben, you are like  the whale whisperer. [WHALE SINGING] Whale. [WHALE SINGING] Follow that whale. Quick, starboard. No. Port. Ah! Let Ben do it, Charlie. He knows all about whales. But he's steering  us towards the rocks. He's right. Quick, port. Use the main sheet. BOTH: Heave. Look out! [SHOUTING] [CRASH] It says that you press  the activation button twice to enter the menu mode. Which one is that? I don't know, Penny. Ah, how are you  two getting on? W-- well-- We're completely stuck. Hm. It looks like you press the  red button to open the menu. Then, you change  the settings by using the yellow and blue buttons. [SONAR BEEPING] That's it. It's working. Maybe playing with  giant vegetables can come in handy after all. I'm-- I'm so cold and wet. And I lost my recorder  when the boat capsized. I'll never record a whale now. It's my fault.  I'm sorry, Charlie. I shouldn't have tried  to take over the boat. Don't worry, Ben. No. You're the captain of  this vessel, Charlie, and clearly know  the waters around Pontypandy better than anyone. So what are we going to do? Will someone come and find us? I'm sure they will, love. But till then, we need  to keep our spirits up. How, Charlie? Like all those  Pontypandy sailors of long ago did, by singing  the Pontypandy sea shanty. I'm not sure I know that one. Don't worry. I'll teach it to you. (SINGING) Set a course for  the coast of fair Pontypandy. Look out for the lights  that are bringing me home. BOTH: For I have been sailing  to lands far and distant, but I will return through  the waves, wind, and foam. That was so great,  teaching Elvis and Penny how to use the sonar. Better than fighting  giant carrots? BOTH: Way better. [CHUCKLES] Hello, you lot. You haven't seen Charlie  and Bronny have you? They're not at the cafe. That's strange. They should have  been back hours ago. Gareth, can you look  after Sarah and James? I'll call for help. Charlie, Bronwyn, and  Ben are lost at sea. BOTH: Charlie, Bronwyn,  and Ben are lost at sea? We'll need the helicopter. [ALARM BEEPING] Elvis, you call Tom Thomas. Right, Sam. [RADIO BEEPING] Wallaby 1. ELVIS (ON RADIO):  Charlie, Bronwyn, and Ben are lost at sea. On my way. I'll take Juno. You two take Neptune. Looks like we'll  need the new sonar. [INTENSE MUSIC] [SONAR BEEPING] [SIREN BLARING] [HELICOPTER WHIRRING] ALL: (SINGING) Set a course for  the coast of fair Pontypandy. Look out for the lights  that are bringing me home. Look. (SINGING) For I have-- There they are. What? The lights that  are bringing us home. Hey! Over here! Hello! Tom! Can you see anything, Tom? TOM (ON RADIO):  Nothing so far, Sam. Penny, is Charlie's boat  showing up on Neptune's sonar? No, Sam. I think it's too small. Hm. But a whale isn't. If my brother's the  sailor I know he is, they'll be pretty  close to that whale. TOM (ON RADIO): Scanning  for the whale now, Sam. Can't see anything. Wait. I can see a shape. Yes, that looks like a whale. Four degrees south. Did you hear that, Tom? TOM (ON RADIO): On my way. [SIREN BLARING] I can see the whale. They must be close. [WHALE HONKS] There they are, Tom. Is everybody all right? Yes, Sam. A bit cold and  wet, but all right. Come on. Let's get you all on to Neptune. Well done, Charlie. You were fantastic. What? I only got everyone  to sing a sea shanty. Keeping people  calm in an emergency is one of the most important  things someone can do. Sorry you didn't get to  hear your whale song, love. I don't mind. I've got the Pontypandy  sea shanty in my head now. I just can't stop singing it. Was that the one  Granddad taught us? Yes. Do you remember it? (SINGING) Set a course for  the coast of fair Pontypandy. BOTH: Look out for the lights  that are bringing me home. ALL: For I have been sailing  to lands far and distant. But I will return through  the waves, wind, and foam. Ah, just like Granddad  taught us, eh, Sam? [CHUCKLES] [WHALE SINGING] [THEME MUSIC] THEME SONG: Move aside,  make way for Fireman Sam, 'cause he's gonna save the day. Fireman Sam, 'cause  he's brave to the core. Sam is the hero next door. [MUSIC PLAYING]  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 