Acceptable Risk: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Acceptable Risk 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Acceptable Risk (2017): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Sarah learns that the deaths of both her husbands may be connected. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the wallet was an Irish driver's license  for a Lee Manning. Your husband was found dead  today in Montreal. What if Lee Manning  had something on someone at the firm, someone who had a hand in  Sarah's first husband's death? The guards have been asking  about Ciaran's death. They're wondering  if there was a connection. BYRNE: There's no proof Ciaran's  was anything but an accident. And if you prove that it wasn't? There's something very,  very wrong inside that firm. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 NUALA: Now you're going to war  with a company worth billions on a hunch, an idea that Lehane  planted in your head. What if you heard him wrong? My car was bugged,  Lee's car was bugged, somebody searched my house,  Barry Lehane is in hospital. Those are facts, Nuala. As she casts around for answers, she might direct her anger  at my firm. She's a problem? BYRNE: You have some  very interesting friends, one of them in the U.S. embassy  out at Ballsbridge there. What else has she used you for that she doesn't want to get  her fingerprints on? Keep your trap shut.  Open the door. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You. Do you know why  my sister's husband was killed? I said maybe  the all-American girl does. I could lead you to her. All it's gonna cost you  is money. BYRNE: They fished Walsh  out of the canal. He was helped on his way. Your first husband died under the same circumstances,  Mrs. Manning. I didn't have anything  to do with this. BYRNE: If you're thinking about  getting out of Dublin, you might want to let me know. Keep tabs on me? To make sure you're safe. Well, at least  we won't have to deal with that creep Cormac Walsh anymore. Yeah, but he knew something. He had something to sell. It's lying on the slab with him  now. Back at the starting gate. We get a half a dozen  of these floaters a year. Some jump in, some fall in, and  others are helped on their way. There's constant water movement  in the docks. He could have been killed  anywhere on the canal, thrown in, drifted there. He was carrying a money roll  and his phone. We found them on him,  so it wasn't robbery. We have his phone? You get me the stuff  off that phone, and I'll buy you a bottle  of wine -- whatever you like. Call me as soon  as you have something. Yeah. I want a guard outside  Mr. Barry Lehane's room in the intensive care unit,  night and day. I know they will shout blue  murder about paying overtime, but it's important. I need to know what he knows about what might be a case  of double homicide. Thank you so much for coming. One of my colleagues has been  making inquiries in Montreal on behalf of the consulate. So he'll tell you  as much as we know so far. It is the belief of the police  in Montreal that your husband was killed  at the hotel and his body deliberately left  in the street. They would like to know if you  recognize any of these men. Uh, should I? Who are they? DUQUESNE: I'm told they are  Irish organized-crime figures in Montreal. It's possible they were involved  in your husband's death. If he had any dealings with them  in Dublin... Organized crime? My husband was in sales  and marketing. Is that all he was? He carried a gun, it seems. If it wasn't his? It was found in his hotel room. Why would he take the risk of taking it through  airport security? If they found it,  he could have denied it was his. It wouldn't be the end  of the world. Not carrying a gun --  That clearly would have been. It may be that one of these men  killed your husband for an envelope he was carrying. SARAH:  That will have been taken... It's the last time he s-spoke  to, um... It's a yes. I love you. I didn't even know  he'd gone to Montreal. That was the deal.  That's -- That's how we lived. The firm insisted on it. I-I've never seen  any of those men before. And if Lee ever met them...  I'd have never known about it. He'd have made sure of that. He risked a phone call  from the hotel lobby? Personal. It was a personal phone call on something that mattered  a great deal to us, about my deci-- our decision for me not to go  back to work for a few years yet but to have a child. You detected nothing  in his voice that alarmed you? There was no hint that -- Somebody was going to kill him  and dump his body on the street? No. Had he expressed any concern about going  on this business trip? In the last few weeks or days,  had he seemed unusually worried? Worried enough to get a gun? Did the Montreal police  ask you to ask me that? They are interested  in anything you tell me which could be of help to them. It makes no sense  that Lee carried a gun. It makes no sense he'd be  so scared he'd need to carry one or let alone he could have been  on his way to kill somebody. It makes no sense that somebody  took the trouble here in Dublin to track him and me  24 hours of the day. And you know what really makes  no sense? That he's never coming home  again. Uh, excuse me. Um, I was just in  with Mr. Duquesne. I had an appointment. I forgot to write down his, um,  extension number to get back to him. Okay.  Duquesne? Yeah.  In the consular section. I'll look it up for you. Oh, gosh.  Sorry. Sorry. -Oh.  -Oh, no. No worries. I'll -- I'll clean it up. Jimmy?  Have you two minutes? If it's official business,  Mr. O'Hanlon, there's my office. This won't wait. It's something that needs  careful handling. I need someone who knows  his way around Kildare Street as well as that office of yours  in Harcourt Street. We've had our fallings-out  in the past, I know, but your advice on this  would be very welcome -- before it turns into the kind of  headlines that none of us want, in politics or the police. Fingers crossed. Isn't science marvelous? How was school? It was school. How about you, Rose? The Dublin-based sales rep who got himself into a jam  in Montreal -- Who was it broke the news  to his wife? And that thing in Dublin Airport  connected to it -- Who's got the file on that? His address book is intact. So is the call log --  calls made, missed, received. And all the photos are there,  too. Zoom in. That was the car  that went to the U.S. embassy after meeting Walsh. Emer Byrne. I'm tied up.  Can it wait? We might have a breakthrough  into who Walsh was working for. I should take the file to who? -Hello?  -WOMAN: Sarah Manning? Yes. Alisa Bell. I was Lee's first wife. How did you and Lee meet? A friend of mine in New York  suggested that I might like him. He was working  for a Wall Street firm. I was in finance, too. We hit it off right away. He was funny and smart. And he'd been a military brat,  just like me. His dad had been a Marine.  Mine was Army. There were real problems there  between him and his dad. His mom separated  but lost custody for reasons  he didn't want to talk about but must have been pretty bad. After a while, I realized it was always gonna be hard  to get close to him. Perhaps if we'd had children, things might have been  different. How did you find out  he was dead? How do you find out anything  these days? Somebody I work with  came across it on the Internet. She knew I'd been married  to him. His firm didn't contact you? I had no idea who Lee worked for  after we split. I had no idea he was in Ireland. Gumbiner-Fischer didn't get  in touch with you, then, suggest you come and see me? Gumbiner... There's... There's a bit of a mystery  about Lee's death. How do you mean? I'm not sure  I'm being told everything. From them. From anyone. I wish I could help. I just wanted to say... ...I liked Lee very much. Very, very much. It just didn't work out  between us. It seems to me  he might have found what he was looking for  with you. He had. I thought the same until... I'd better go. Until what? It doesn't matter now. Until? There was someone else,  all the time. He covered his tracks well,  but I had to accept that there'd been three people  in that relationship. Oh, I can make excuses  for him -- the way he was brought up, never being able to trust  anyone, not being able to share  what he did at work. But he cheated. Some people have to.  Can we just leave it there? Did you ever see Lee with a gun? A gun? He had a gun. He flew to Montreal with it. No, I never saw him with a gun. You're big on guns over there,  of course. Was it Chicago you said  you met him? I said Wall Street.  New York. Was your dad a Marine  or was his? Have I got that mixed up? My dad was Army.  His was in the Marines. Somebody you know just happened to spot his name  on the Internet in Paris? Is that where you said you were? I didn't. It was actually Berlin. And it was my closest friend. She knows everything about me. Do you have a photo? A photo? Something that connects you  to him. For real. Something that showed  you really did know Lee, that you weren't just sent here  to keep me quiet. I don't understand. No. It's all a bit too neat, you  coming here like this just now. See, if you really knew Lee, wouldn't you want to know  about the investigation? I know how upsetting  this all must be for you without adding to it. But here you are at my doorstep,  having found my address. What exactly  are you accusing me of? -If I'm crazy --  -Upset. Let's just say that. Crazy.  Let's use the right word. -If I'm wrong --  -Something like this? Is that what you mean? Lee and me.  Central Park. The only one I kept. I can't imagine  what you're going through. I can't imagine... why whoever sent you  to tell me all these lies thought I would believe them  for one minute, even backed up with a photo that would take an 8-year-old  five minutes to fake on a computer. You and Lee? -Central Park?  -No. Only one you kept? Get out of my house. Tell whoever sent you,  whoever you're working for, if they want war... ...they'll get it. BYRNE: The man involved  at the airport, Cormac Walsh, ended up in the canal. We recovered his phone records. Most of his contacts  are known drug dealers, criminals, and their associates. But there's one number  that he called the day before he was killed. This may be linked  to this woman. This is the last photo  on Walsh's phone. The vehicle in the shot is one  she got into after meeting him, just after he was caught trying  to remove a tracking device from Lee Manning's car. The vehicle is registered to  the general services department of the United States embassy  at Ballsbridge. You're suggesting  that an employee of the United States embassy  is involved? I intend to call the number  and see who picks up. And two minutes  after you do that, I'd get a phone call  from Iveagh House. The minister for foreign affairs  and trade would be on the line, shouting blue murder  about the Vienna Convention. If she had diplomatic immunity, we couldn't even give her  a parking ticket, let alone rope her in  for questioning. Cormac Walsh was a threat  to her, and he died last night. Maybe she holds the key as to  why Lee Manning was killed. It's not our case. It's a job for Montreal. Remember that. We'll give what help we can, but  it's out of our jurisdiction. Well, there's also an employee of the German  Federal Intelligence Service working the case here. Manning may have been part of  the Gumbiner-Fischer sales team, but he used to work for the CIA. It's a possibility he was still  working for them undercover. Any other goodies? He carried a concealed weapon  to Montreal. A handgun designed  to be virtually undetectable to airport scanners and modified  for close-quarter use. The question is whether  that was a one-off or whether he did he it  regularly. Which gives us another headache. You will not make that call. You will, in fact,  remove yourself from anything to do  with any aspect of this case. Everything is now in my hands. I'll assume  full operational control. I'm off the case? That's what I just said. Do you have anything else? No.  That's all I have. Any other notes?  Files? No. Your daybook.  Let me see that. This is a complete record  of the contacts, phone numbers, and conversations you've had  on the case? Yes. Anything on computer? No. I'll hold on to this one. You can start a new one. There won't be any reference  to this case in it because it's nothing to do  with you now. Have I done something wrong,  sir? On the contrary. Rank has its privileges. You conducted  the preliminary investigations into a highly complex case  in an exemplary fashion. It's not a black mark. It's a vote of confidence. Thanks to your hard work,  however, we can't have anyone lower  than chief superintendent handling the case. It's my baby now. I have to justify the big office  and the car. You won't be in Dublin for  the foreseeable future anyway. You'll be in London. London? We're sending you on a course to the Metropolitan  Police College in Hendon. Eight weeks. Reserved for officers  from all over Europe tipped to rise  to the highest ranks. We had another candidate  in mind, but I always had my doubts  about him, whether he could go all the way,  right to the top. I think you could do that. You're going in his place. Congratulations. Sláinte. Mrs. Manning. I had a visitor today.  I need to tell you about her. It's not really the best timing  for me. It's important --  really important. Either they've just shown their  hand about how worried they are or I really am losing  my marbles. SARAH:  Hello? Detective Byrne. Mum. Not now, love.  All right? -Please.  -No. I said not now. Sorry. Thanks for coming  straight 'round. I was gonna have to see you  anyway. She was an American. She said  she was Lee's first wife. She pulled the rabbit  out of the hat when she showed me this photo --  or she thought she did. She was trying too hard. She was sent by somebody who doesn't want me to dig  any further, who wants me to bury  whatever questions I have about who Lee was, how  and why he died when I bury him. If that sounds mental, try this. I was at the Canadian consulate  today. I was given a very polite  third degree by a Canadian cop. I worked in criminal defense before I went into  the corporate world. I can tell a flatfoot  a mile away. I met him. Duquesne. Montreal homicide. You met him? Before he asked for  a formal interview with you, he wanted to -- To weigh me up?  See where the land lay? Figure out how deep I was  in this? If I knew that Lee  was on the hook to gangsters or was even one himself. Mum, we have to leave. Just give me a minute, Eamonn. Mum, we have to leave now,  and Rose is really upset. Wait in the car.  I'll be two minutes. I'm on first.  I can't be late. Okay. Okay.  Go on. Wait in the car. I'm taking  the organized-crime aspect of your husband's death  in Montreal seriously -- so seriously that I've ordered a  round-the-clock watch on Lehane. There are other aspects  of the case that I'm not free to talk about  which indicate that it needs to be handled  at the highest possible level. This is now happening. It's getting the attention  that it needs and the resources that it needs. That means I'm off the case. It's going to be handled at  the chief-superintendent level from now on. You should be happy about that. You're not dealing with it? From now on, if you need to call  someone, it can't be me. This is good news for the case.  Believe me. It's the best you could hear. Call me Sarah  and say that again. Is it good news? Really? -I don't know.  -"Sarah." I don't know, Sarah. Then why are you going along  with it? I don't have a choice. But I want us both to get  to the truth. There are things that I can do  and can't, and now it's gone to this level. -You broke the news to me.  -I know. -That means something.  -I know. And now you're dumping it? -My hands are tied.  -And you're happy with that? Why? Oh, because --  because Nuala upset you? You don't want any part of it  because of her? Believe it or not,  I actually like your sister. She's sticking up for you. I wish I had someone  in my family -who stuck up for me like --  -You found out something that somebody didn't want you  to know. You got close to something that they don't want you or me  to find, so they closed you down,  and you're going along with it. I'm scared  that I'm losing my mind and even more scared  that I'm not. How can you be more scared  than me? I don't have a choice. We all have a choice. That's unfair. Yeah.  Well, I don't time to be fair. Rose?  I have to take Eamonn! Look, Nuala should be here  any minute! Will you be all right? Look, I believe everything  that you told me about whoever it was  who came to see you today. I have also to believe  that passing the case upstairs to people with real power  and connections is the best way  of getting the truth. They'll get a result. I know hot air when I hear it. Yeah? MAN: I got someone on the line  for you. Who's asking for me? Nuala Mulvaney. Put her through. NUALA:  Thank you for coming. You know I wouldn't have asked  unless I had to. I do. -Do you mind if I...  -No. Go ahead. I was at that one. Hm. That's you? NUALA:  I was a bit wild then. BYRNE:  Did you know him well? He never let anybody get close  but her. I was just happy  she found somebody after Ciaran. And he really did seem to love  those kids. Is this about Lee? It's about both of them. The last time I spoke  to a guard, I was in handcuffs  at one of those. Pills.  They shook me up. I'm clean now. This is about Ciaran and Lee? Three weeks ago, I got a call  about one of my flats. I went 'round to show it,  but he didn't turn up. I walked back. A car pulled up. It was Lee. He said did I want to go  for a coffee. I said sure. On the way,  we drove past the canal lock that Ciaran was pulled out of. He parked. Started talking -- what a terrible thing  it had been, did I think it was too soon,  him moving in with Sarah, getting married --  things like that. He seemed serious,  like he really wanted to know. Then he started asking  about the night it happened, the days leading up to it,  Ciaran's state of mind, what were the details, who were his friends  at the firm, how he did he get on with  the people he worked with -- things I had no idea about. He was digging into  Ciaran's death? Wanted to know what people said  about it, knew about it -- people who had any connection  at all with it, even secondhand. We drove on, had coffee. But it bothered me. When I got back to the office, I checked on the call setting up  the showing of the flat. You're the guard.  You can guess what I found. A fake phone number  and fake name. Meaning? Lee Manning set it all up  to ask those questions. Did you not go back to him  and ask about it? He wasn't the kind of person  you asked that kind of question. He he was quiet,  kept himself to himself. But you got the message  somehow -- Don't mess with him. Have you shared any of this  with your sister? No, and I'd appreciate it  if you didn't tell her. I won't be doing that. I won't be on the case  from now on. It's been kicked upstairs. It's better for Sarah.  Believe me. Oh, no.  Sarah. What? I said I would help look after  the kids tonight. MAN:  Hey, Emer. BYRNE:  Gary? I need a favor fast. I'm being followed. Why are you following me?  What is this? Get back here now. Rose? I'm here. Sorry it took me so long.  I had things to finish off. Rose? Rose? Rose? You were great.  Really great. It was so amazing.  I'm so proud of you. Come on.  Let's get home to Rose. You went to see her, having been told  you were off the case? I went to see her  to tell her that. I met her sister.  She has some new information. Lee Manning was investigating  Ciaran's death just before he was killed  himself. Is this personal for you?  Is she a pal of yours? Do you have a relationship  or something? Anything I should know? It's nothing like that. You sure of that? It's a professional relationship  with somebody who I once considered a suspect  but I don't anymore. All the evidence is -- All the guesswork is. Isn't that what you mean? I'm not asking to be put back  on the case, sir, but there's something very wrong  inside that firm. Sarah Manning was asked to sign  a confidentiality agreement to stop asking questions. She refuses  and asks them anyway. Then someone shows up  out of the blue to answer them. Whoever killed Cormac Walsh  could be the key. And we have a solid lead to them  thanks to his phone. You're as keen as mustard, Emer. You want to wrap this case up  all by yourself. But from now on,  it's going to be my way. I'll say this one last time,  and note it well -- I'm handling this. If it all goes south,  I'll take the fall. All you have to do is pack  your bags and go to London. Don't get in your own way. EAMONN: How are things going with that bit of a favor  I asked you, Jimmy? It's Chief Superintendent Nulty  to you. I don't like you, O'Hanlon. I've never liked you. I don't like your politics  or your manner... or your face. This is the last and only time  I want to see you except on TV. And even then,  I might put my foot through it. Fair enough. I hope you kept nothing back. I'm a great fan of the Gardaí  myself. They provide  many a job opportunity for those who couldn't  hold one down elsewhere. At your level, Jimmy,  you're not a cop. You're a politician, too. We're both whores for votes and other people's good opinion  of us, so don't give me that. You want to be  chief commissioner in the next couple of years,  and I can help you get there. You know that, or you wouldn't  be standing here. Now cut the bollocks  and give me a straight answer. Are you going to sit  on this case or not? I am not sitting on this case. I've called it in  for special handling. That's all. There are policy questions  that I need to get straight, decisions that I'm not going to  allow the force to be rushed into making. I'm fully aware  of the political implications, maybe even more than you. That's why I'll be keeping tabs  on everything, including what mischief  the widow is trying to make. That detective -- the one  who's been running the case. Emer Byrne  is a very fine officer who needed reminding  of the chain of command. She's had that reminder  in no uncertain terms because I keep my house in order  and my staff in line. Detective Byrne won't be  a problem from now on. She's been put back in her box. Rose. I can't find her, and she's not  answering her phone. SARAH:  Rose? Come on, Eamonn. -I'm sorry.  -What happened? I trusted you to be here. Something more important  come up? It wasn't like that. What was it like? No.  It'll keep. I have an idea where she is. Yes? The late Cormac Walsh  gave me this number just before he went for a dip  in the canal. Cormac who?  Never heard of him. I have a photograph of you  alongside him. I don't have your name yet,  but I know where you work. I want to know how it all ties  in with a death in Montreal. So you meet me and talk or I'll come to the door  of the U.S. embassy first thing tomorrow. You decide. I'm sorry you're so angry  with me. I'm trying to give you  and Eamonn all the time and everything else  you should have from me, but... But it's hard. Rose, darling, it's so hard. Listen. Listen.  Listen. I'm gonna be here for you. I promise,  that's never gonna change. I won't get it right every time. But I'll try. I really will. MAN:  It's you, Mrs. Manning? Yeah.  Uh, me and Rose. Uh, sorry if I startled you. There's been a few break-ins  here. There's a bit  of a rodent problem with the human dock rats,  if you get my meaning. Uh, I was sorry to hear about,  you know... Thanks. Why don't you wait for me  in the car a minute? Keep warm, yeah? You saw quite a bit of Lee  when he came here? I did, yes. He always had time for a word.  A gentleman. Funny thing to say about a Yank,  but that's what he was. He used to slip me a few quid for keeping an extra eye  on the boat on the QT. "Where's the harm?"  I says to myself. He gets to rest easy. I get a couple of quid  in my back pocket. Did anyone ever try to get on  our boat? No, but they hit the bar  and the ATM once. There was ructions about that. Sorry.  Uh, one more question. When did Lee last come here? He took her out  about three weeks ago. There was a bit of a gale  blowing, but that didn't deter him. That's not quite what I asked. When did you last see him here? Just before it was on  the telly -- Montreal, what happened to him. -The day before.  -He came here the day before? You're certain of that? I keep a log.  I have to. Can I see it? I'm lying to you? He said nothing at all  about coming here to me, and...it could be important. Well...that wouldn't be  any of my business, and I... I might have said  more than I should already. I have to get back.  Duty calls. So are those cameras turned on? Be no point if they weren't. How long do you keep  the information on them? Stop. Go forward. Okay.  Stop. Okay.  Zoom in. I'm gonna try to change  things... ...about how I've been handling  all this. Make more time for you  and Eamonn. Be fairer to the pair of you. I'm sorry you thought  you had to do this. I understand, though. Do you believe me? I get it. She was at the boat? Yeah. Okay. Hey. You did really great tonight. I'm so proud of you. Yeah. Can you stay a little longer? Can I trust you with that? There's something else  I have to do. I'm sorry, Lee. I know how much you loved  this boat. I'm not crazy. I'm not off my rocker.  I'm not imagining things. -Your hand.  -It's all true. And I know where he hid the gun. It was in the last place  you'd think to look. Where you'd be staring straight  at it but right through it, too. My God. I never quite believed the bit  about the gun. I was still holding on to the  idea that they'd got it wrong, but there it is. He went there the night before  he flew to Montreal to get it and...to hide this. It's what Cormac Walsh  was sent here to look for. It's got hotel bills,  receipts, ticket stubs, uh, photocopies  of travel itineraries, a record of everywhere he'd been  for the firm, all the places they sent him. There's this, too. Ciaran. Newspaper reports  about the inquest. Even the in-memoriam. There's an address here  in Dublin. Do you know it? I've been there --  in that house. It's where Barry Lehane lives. Why would Lee be interested  in him? Maybe he was worried that Lehane  was onto him. Onto him? Sarah, come on. I just about scraped by  with a leaving certificate. You're the brains of the family. When did Lee join  Gumbiner-Fischer? A few months before Ciaran took  a header off a canal bank. Six months before. When did he get in touch again? He phoned a few months  after Ciaran died to see how I was,  did I remember him, would I like to go for dinner  with him sometime. I said it was too soon but that, you know,  we could go for a walk. That's how it started. So you bury Ciaran. He's out of the way,  and then Lee -- and I admit I was never  his biggest fan -- shows up in your life again  because he's been watching you. He was sweet.  He said if -- He -- He -- He said if I wasn't  ready that he would back off. I wasn't gonna tell you this,  but...here goes. You might need this  by the time I'm through. Three weeks ago, Lee grilled me on what I knew  about Ciaran's death. He did what? It's the only word for it. A cross-examination. He went to a great deal  of trouble to make it look as if he'd  bumped into me by accident. Now we know he was staking out  Lehane as well. Why else would Lee do that  unless he was scared that the head of security  at the firm was onto him, thought he was involved somehow? Put his mask down here.  We're gonna have to start resus. One, two, three, four... ...five, six, seven... Why would Lee do all of that unless he thought Lehane  was a threat? A threat because he had reason  to believe Lehane suspected him of being there  the night Ciaran died? At the canal lock? Are you getting what I'm saying? Lee wanted you. Every time he was with you,  he was mad about you. Ciaran was in his way,  and Ciaran had to go. Yeah. You're making this up,  so just -- Now, Lee Manning --  whoever the hell he was -- made sure he got what he wanted, even if that meant  bringing a gun to do it. So giving a drunk a helping hand  into the canal -- Stop! Stop!  Get out of here. Leave here now, 'cause I'm not  listening to this. I am not listening to this  anymore. You have to -- for your own sake  and for your kids. That is what Lehane  was trying to warn you about. He was telling you  to open your own eyes because he was putting together  the proof. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 