Weird But True: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Weird But True 
 s2e3 - Race Cars - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Weird But True (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Race Cars - full transcript 
 Kirby learns about race vehicle design and Charlie learns about being a race car driver in preparation for an upcoming soapbox derby competition. Focusing on dragsters, they learn about aerodynamics and tricks to increase speed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 CHARLIE: Hey, guys. Charlie here! You know my sister, Kirby! Today we're hanging out thousands... ...of feet in the air in a biplane! KIRBY: Weird but true, in 2007... ...flight engineers figured out how to run an airplane... ...on french fry grease! CHARLIE: It's time for Weird But True! (theme music plays) KIRBY: What does it mean? CHARLIE: It's probably nothing. KIRBY: Or everything! CHARLIE: Hey guys, we're glad you're here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The weirdest thing just happened. We were down here crafting. KIRBY (off-screen): Crafting away. CHARLIE (off-screen): Normal day. KIRBY (off-screen): Very normal. CHARLIE (off-screen): Until. BOB (off-screen): Mail's here! KIRBY: Mail's here. CHARLIE: The mail's here. Thanks, Bob! Oh, man. It's so much. Let's see we've got, Paper Monthly . Science Weekly . Crafter's Daily . Ooooo, what's this? TIMMY (off-screen): You are cordially invited to attend a birthday party for me, your little cousin Timmy, this Saturday. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 CHARLIE: Sweet! TIMMY: Presents welcome, except Charlie and Kirby, just bring yourselves. KIRBY: Wait, what? CHARLIE: Yeah, what? KIRBY: What's wrong with our presents, Timothy? CHARLIE: We always thought we gave the best presents. PATRICK: A cockroach! CASEY: Oh, purple slime. BOB: Oh, what is this? KIRBY: Now we're thinking, it might be possible. CHARLIE: Hear us out. KIRBY: That people don't like our presents. CHARLIE: And maybe. KIRBY: Just maybe. CHARLIE: That if they ask us not to bring presents to their birthday parties, they might stop bringing presents to our birthday parties. KIRBY: Imagine a world without presents! BOB: Hey, guys. We got you a present. PATRICK: Nothing! (scream) (evil laugh) (scream) (evil laugh) (scream) KIRBY: We gotta save our gift giving reputation! CHARLIE: And the only way is to forget this invitation, and bring the best present in the whole entire world. KIRBY: 100%. CHARLIE: So, we're thinking, what does little cousin Timmy love? KIRBY: Something little. CHARLIE: Something cousin-y. KIRBY: He loves Big Bill the Biplane . It's this kid's show. He never misses an episode. CHARLIE: So probably something airplane related? KIRBY: Why not? CHARLIE: Perfect. Let's do it. That means today we're unraveling the world of. KIRBY (off-screen): Airplanes! CHARLIE (off-screen): Airplanes! CHARLIE: Got it? KIRBY: Got it. CHARLIE: So, it turns out that Timmy's not alone. Flight is something that humans have always been interested in. The ancient Greeks believed in the legend of Icarus, a man who made wings out of wax and feathers, but flew too close to the sun. Or there's the legendary king of Persia, who attached eagles to his throne to travel all around his kingdom. These are just myths. KIRBY: Yeah! Like made up stories. CHARLIE: But the real story of human flight features some legendary characters, too. Just ask these guys. KIRBY: Shoes off! No liquids! No! Liquids! CHARLIE: We've seen everything come down this conveyer belt. KIRBY: Weird but True, this one guy, he tried to sneak on a bag full of like 600,000 eels. CHARLIE: Eels! So, we know a thing or two about everything, and I can tell ya. It was these guys, the Montgolfier brothers, were the first to make human flight happen. KIRBY: Joseph! CHARLIE: Jacques? KIRBY: A balloon, full of air! CHARLIE: What a genius idea! KIRBY: The hot air balloon. Our idea will change the course of human history! CHARLIE: And it did. KIRBY: For a little while. The first passengers on their hot air balloon were a sheep, a duck, and a rooster. CHARLIE: About 100 years later, this hot-shot German engineer, Otto Lilienthal, decides to take things in a different direction. KIRBY: Agnes! CHARLIE: Otto? KIRBY: A hot air balloon? CHARLIE: What a terrible idea! KIRBY: How about this, zee glider. CHARLIE: What a genius idea! KIRBY: My idea will change the course of human history! CHARLIE: And it did. KIRBY: For a little while. CHARLIE: Until shortly after that, a couple of bicycle mechanics from the United States, the Wright brothers, they're like, "Hey, let's take things a different direction." KIRBY: Wilber? CHARLIE: Orville! KIRBY: A glider. CHARLIE: What a terrible idea! KIRBY: How about this, the powered airplane! CHARLIE: What a genius idea! KIRBY: Our idea will change the course of human history! CHARLIE: That one did change the course of human history, because it led directly to the airplanes of today. And this mess. KIRBY: People, come on! No liquids! CHARLIE: And that's how we got from mythology to airplanes. KIRBY: And now it's our turn, to build the next great flying machine! CHARLIE: The perfect gift. How do we do that? KIRBY: I don't know, but I think there's a book back here that'll help. CHARLIE: Ah, "Miss Prissy's Principles of the Prim and Proper." KIRBY: Positively perfect. CHARLIE: Peruse a portion? KIRBY: Plenty pertinent. CHARLIE: Let's see, how to look interested, compliment a baby, not burp. Chapter eight, how to give a gift. Let's check it out. The perfect gift is personal. It reflects the gift givers attentiveness to the preferences and palate of the recipient. And, also, generous. Often, endowments of the gift giver's time, effort, and creativity prompt the most prestigious of presents. KIRBY: Should we keep reading? CHARLIE: No time. Gotta get rollin'. So, I'm thinking that the perfect gift for Timmy would be a homemade, generous, replica plane model, personal. KIRBY: Oh my gosh, one he can fly around. CHARLIE: In our backyard. KIRBY: And do a bunch of tricks with. BOTH: This is gonna be so cool! KIRBY: One problem, we know nothing about planes. CHARLIE: It's not a problem, Kirb. Just like the other flight innovators, we have to study flight in like a million different ways, and there's only one place to go if we wanna do this right, flight school. We're headed to the Ocean County Airport in Bayville, New Jersey, near the Jersey Shore. It's home to the Double Trouble State Park, so it's the perfect destination for us. See you there, in a few. KIRBY (off-screen): Weird but True. CHARLIE: Hey, guys, we made it! KIRBY: We're at the Ocean County Airport in Bayville, New Jersey. CHARLIE: This isn't a vacation though, this, is a full blown mission. KIRBY: We're here to learn everything about flying. From the baddest raddest pilot we know. CHARLIE: Jim Lonergan. (screams) So Jim's just flying up in the air casually, does a double flip, collects himself and just flies away. KIRBY (off-screen): Hundreds of feet in the air. CHARLIE: I feel like if we wanna know how airplanes fly, Jim's kind of the man. Wooo! This is awesome. This guy's amazing. Jim Lonergan trick pilot and expert instructor. Flying planes since the age of 19, Jim built the very first plane he ever flew. His favorite weird but true fact is. JIM: Only one out of every 20 people on Earth have ever been in an airplane. CHARLIE: Hey Jim, what can you tell us about this plane because this is the coolest plane I think I've ever seen. JIM: Well, it is a cool plane. It was used in World War II for a pilot to train in. It's called a Pilot Cadet, its number is PT17, that stands for pilot trainer one seven. CHARLIE (off-screen): It looks very old. JIM (off-screen): But it's in great shape, she flies great. CHARLIE: What is required to get these planes up in the air? JIM: Well this airplane right now is in the perfect state of flying. Sitting here right now and all it needs is wind in the right place at the right speed this airplane will fly by itself. So, we have a hurricane, I forgot to put my airplane away, hurricane comes, 100 mile an hour wind comes right down the nose. CHARLIE: It will take off? JIM: Airplane goes up. It's not gonna land, but it's gonna, it's gonna go up. KIRBY: But it does have an engine. JIM: Absolutely, because normally we don't have that strong wind so you need something to pull it into the wind. And that's what the engine and the propeller are for. It spins around and it pulls the airplane forward and then air comes over the wing and creates lift and up it goes. CHARLIE (off-screen): I'm imagining that you gotta go over like a bunch of stuff to make sure that this is okay to fly in the air though right? JIM: First thing is, pilots use checklists. KIRBY: Okay. CHARLIE: Yeah. JIM: For everything. CHARLIE: Mhmm. JIM: And I have a checklist right here. CHARLIE: Perfect. KIRBY: Nice. JIM: With a gazillion things I know about flying, so. CHARLIE: Where do we start? JIM: We can talk about lift, or. BOTH: Whoa! JIM: Aerodynamics, or flight. KIRBY: There's so many things! CHARLIE: You can't mess around with planes I guess. JIM: There's a gazillion things. CHARLIE: Oh man! JIM: You need to know. CHARLIE: Alright, guys. Jim's throwing around some pretty heavy terminology, but luckily we have some other buddies in the airplane industry who can help explain things just a bit more. Eight off to tango, traffic is a Cessna 1-72. Runway 25 right, have a good flight. So, you wanna know how to keep planes up in the air? KIRBY: You've come to the perfect place. This is the air traffic control tower. CHARLIE: We get 'em up. KIRBY: We get 'em down. CHARLIE: Every day. Any time a plane is in the air, there are four main forces acting on it. You have thrust, from the propeller or engine, shoving it forward. Air resistance or drag, shoving it back. Weight, shoving it down. And lift, shoving it up. And that lift force has to be huge because planes today are enormous. These are airfoils. They create a difference in air pressure above and below the wing. We set up a simple experiment here. This rectangular wing generates no lift. But that airfoil wing, we do the exact same thing. It generates lots of lift. KIRBY: It's physics! CHARLIE: Uhhh. KIRBY: Here we go. 1:10, four miles at 2,800. Cessna sky hawk report them in sight. CHARLIE: Back to the action! So flying seems pretty scary, but according to Jim, if you're prepared should be pretty fun. KIRBY: Yup. Now that we got some principals we gotta take it to the next level. CHARLIE (off-screen): Jim's promised us a ride in the Queen. This is gonna be awesome! JIM (off-screen): Alright guys, here we go. JIM: It's a beautiful view. It's a beautiful day for a biplane ride! CHARLIE: Dude, Big Bill the Biplane... ...child's play compared to the Queen. We're right behind the propeller here... ...which is zooming around, giving us that thrust forward. But it feels like we're just floating. That lift is almost like a cushion holding us up in the air. KIRBY: The plane is working with the wind, and you can almost feel weightless. CHARLIE: Weird but true, at any given time around 500,000 people are in planes in the air. We got 3 in this one today. A little bumpy, little bumpy! JIM: Well, can you imagine doing a loop? CHARLIE: Even talking about it makes my heart race. JIM: I've got a surprise for you. We're heading back to the airport. Charlie, you are gonna fly this airplane. CHARLIE: Are you serious? I don't know about that, Jim! JIM: It's all good. It's all good. We're going to have a good time, and you're going to be great! CHARLIE (off-screen): Jim says I'm gonna fly the Queen next. What? Me, fly an airplane? KIRBY (off-screen): Weird but True. JIM: There you go. Slide yourself in. CHARLIE: Alright. Jim, what do we start with? JIM (off-screen): Reach forward and grab that stick, and bring it back to the left. Okay. Holding that stick, don't give it the death grip. Just nice and easy relaxed. Okay? If we want to bring the nose up, if we want to pitch the airplane up, we take the stick and you bring it back towards you. There you go. If we want the nose to go down, we push the stick away from you. The tail's coming up, the nose is going down. KIRBY: So right now Charles is moving the elevator of the plane. It helps with the pitch or moving the nose up or down. JIM: If we wanna make a left hand turn, take the stick and move it to your left side. CHARLIE (off-screen): Okay. JIM (off-screen): And we're gonna come back to neutral. And if we wanna make a right hand turn, you move the stick to the right. KIRBY: These are the ailerons of the plane, they're on the wings and they make the plane roll if we want it to. JIM (off-screen): Okay. So there's one more. If you want to control the nose to move left or right, you use the rudder. Keep your heels on the floor. The balls of your feet on the rudder pedals. Move your left foot down and you'll see the right foot comes back. KIRBY (off-screen): And this is the rudder. It controls the yaw, which means that it'll point the nose of the plane to the right or left. JIM: See that throttle? That big ball? CHARLIE: Yeah. JIM: Put your hand right on there. Good. And that is it. You can do this. It's going to be great. CHARLIE: I think I got it! Oh buddy. JIM (over radio): Here we go, Charlie. Alright say it, "I can do this." CHARLIE (over radio): I can do this. JIM (over radio): Yeah, I can do this. CHARLIE (over radio): I can do this. JIM (over radio): Yes, you can. Alright, you're on the throttle with me? CHARLIE (over radio): Yup. JIM (over radio): The stick is yours. CHARLIE (over radio): Okay. JIM (over radio): Here we go. I'm gonna talk you right through this. Here's our power. Don't pull it back yet, don't pull it back yet, not yet, not yet. JIM: Slightly pull it back. Pull it back. There. Perfect! CHARLIE (over radio): Whew! JIM: Look in your mirror. CHARLIE (over radio): Hey, oh! Ohhhhh! JIM (over radio): That's it. JIM: All right, keep her straight. Keep her straight by using the stick left and right. CHARLIE: Got it. JIM: Lower your nose a little bit. Yes, very nice. Very nice. Charlie, you're flying! How sweet is that? Very nice. You can breathe now. CHARLIE: I am very alert right now. JIM: Yes. CHARLIE: I have never been so alert in my life, I think. JIM: You took that airplane right off the runway. That was beautiful. CHARLIE: Great. JIM: Beautiful. CHARLIE: You don't even think about it. It leaves the ground. JIM: There is a lot of thrust in this airplane. We've got all these wings. Lots of lift. Lots of power. She goes right up. CHARLIE: It's like a bike. Very small movements. JIM: Exactly. We're gonna make a nice easy right-hand turn. Yeah, there. Now you're maintaining that bank angle. Nice! You're nailing it. Yeah, yeah, Charlie. Airplane is yours. Roll left. Keep rolling. Good. Hold it right there. CHARLIE (over radio): Wooo. JIM: That's it. Be patient. Awesome job. Roll wings level. Roll wings level all the way. Excellent. Down we go. CHARLIE (off-screen): That was unreal! We're totally ready to start building our birthday present airplane for Timmy. Alright guys, we'll see you back in HQ. KIRBY (off-screen): Weird but True. BOTH: Hey guys! CHARLIE: Perfect timing. We just finished putting our gift together and while we were designing it, we uncovered some pretty unreal airplanes! Kirb! Hit the lights. KIRBY: On it! CHARLIE (off-screen): And now, your starting lineup for the weirdest and most awesomely true planes of all time! First, out of Miami University, developed with one circular wing, the Nemeth Parasol! The portly plane from St. Louis, Missouri. Developed to be deployed from other planes mid-flight, the McDonnell XF-85 Goblin! Developed by NASA to ship supplies for the moon landing, the Pregnant Guppy! And finally, developed right here in the wonderful city of Chicago. The peak of most awesomely innovative plane technology, the Super Sky Shooter 1000! (cheers) CHARLIE: Ahhhh! Sky Shooter 1000! KIRBY: We incorporated everything we know about planes and flight. CHARLIE: We made it super light so the force of gravity is small. KIRBY: You can toss it to provide thrust. CHARLIE: The wings have airfoils to provide lift. KIRBY: And the nice rudder to point it in the right direction. CHARLIE: So, what do you think, Kirb? Take it for a little test flight to show how sweet this guy is? KIRBY: Absolutely, let's do it. Alright, Charles. We gotta be gentle, careful, don't let it hit the ground. You got it. CHARLIE: Yes, just a test flight. KIRBY: Just one. CHARLIE: One. KIRBY: One toss. CHARLIE: Alright. This thing is amazing! (screams) CHARLIE: Noooo! KIRBY: What have we done? CHARLIE: We just ruined the best birthday present ever! KIRBY: There's no way we're gonna fix this mess. And there's no time to build anything else. CHARLIE: We're never gonna get another present for as long as we live. KIRBY: We gotta think of something. CHARLIE: Ideas! KIRBY: Ideas. CHARLIE: Ahhhh! What a pickle! KIRBY: A problem. CHARLIE: A predicament. Miss Prissy! There's gotta be something in that book that we can use. The perfect gift is personal, generous, but also, selfless. It reveals that the gift giver's only desire is to please the recipient, expect nothing in return. KIRBY: Oh. CHARLIE: I guess expecting presents in return for giving presents, kind of ruins the primary purpose of presents. KIRBY: And we were more focused on what we wanted. The kid's only four. This is the size of him. I feel terrible. CHARLIE: Super terrible. KIRBY: Super. Duper. Terrible. CHARLIE: Kirb, we're not done yet. The Montgolfier brother's first hot air balloon was destroyed in a crash. It took six years of redesigns before the Wright brothers' famous flights. They never gave up. KIRBY: We can't give up. CHARLIE: So, let's get started. KIRBY: So, Timmy's only four, the gift's gotta be simple, generous, and personal. CHARLIE: How about a fleet of homemade paper airplanes? KIRBY: Like a bunch that he could fly all around. CHARLIE: That are all the same color as Big Bill. KIRBY: Not too flashy, but ticks off all the other boxes. CHARLIE: Let's get crafting. First up, is the Vortex Thrower. Super simple, just make a small cylinder out of paper and it's good to go. KIRBY (off-screen): Next up, is the hoop glider, it's two circles taped to a straw and ready to fly. CHARLIE (off-screen): Next, we'll make him a paper helicopter. A bit more effort with a couple cuts and folds, throw on a paper clip and done. Finally, two great classic performers, the Sky King and Suzanne. And, we're all set! KIRBY (off-screen): So, this is our super awesome gift? CHARLIE: I believe in Miss Prissy, Kirb. This is the perfect gift. KIRBY: I've never been more nervous to go to a four-year-old's party. CHARLIE: I'm pretty sure we can win Timmy over, 'cause, guys, it's party time! Hey, guys! We made it! KIRBY: Hey! CHARLIE: We're pretty excited because we crushed it. KIRBY: Crushed! It! CHARLIE: Timmy loved our presents. Went totally nuts. TIMMY: Big Bill! Big Bill! Big Bill! KIRBY: He loves our presents so much he's missing out on cake. MAN (over radio): 7-0-7 this is tower you are clear for flight 2-7. Winds 3-0-5-7 Plane 2 approach to the left. KIRBY: So now that we mastered gift giving, what's next? CHARLIE: I don't know but I feel like Miss Prissy is like a goldmine of opportunity. KIRBY: Yeah, like why are salad forks so small? CHARLIE: Or what do you do if someone offers to shake your hand and you just went to the bathroom? KIRBY: Does washing your hands really kill the germs? CHARLIE: What even are germs? KIRBY: I don't know and we'll research later, but for now, we celebrate. CHARLIE: Alright guys, it looks like we got a new project on our hands, housing this cake. But thanks so much for stopping by! Come by again when we discover more things that are weird. KIRBY: But true. CHARLIE: We'll see you later! KIRBY: So. CHARLIE: I need like half of this at least. Captioned by Cotter Captioning Services OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 