Filthy Rich: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Filthy Rich 
 s1e2 - John 3:3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Filthy Rich (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - John 3:3 - full transcript 
 With no choice but to accept Eugene's illegitimate children, Margaret finds a way to capitalize on this surprise revelation. Meanwhile, Margaret puts Eric in charge of the charitable arm of the company. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Dear Lord, I need to unburden myself. With Eugene gone, Margaret seems to think she's God‐‐ I mean You. (scoffs) She even stepped over Eric and made herself CEO. Doesn't Dad get a say in any of this, or have you already forgotten him? BECKY: Given the news, Eugene was a great but complicated man. Not only did he go down with two whores; he fathered three bastards. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ‐With three different women. ‐No. BECKY: There's the criminal, Jason, who grows pot and doesn't seem to look any bit like Eugene. Something about him just creeps me out. There's the hooligan, Antonio, who has a devil spawn named Jesus. The blasphemy. And then the whore, Ginger Sweet. Really, though, she is a whore. Literally, like, the online kind. So you subscribe to our premium package? BECKY: Margaret and her interloper lawyer, Franklin, offered the bastards hush money, but they won't take it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're valued at $2.2 billion. You flew us coach? BECKY: And this is all right after the Sunshine Network announced that we're launching SunnyClub. It's like this big online shopping thing that makes us all filthy rich, and I know that's how You show Your blessings, so we deserve it. And those bastards are subverting Your holy lucrative will. And the worst part? Margaret aired all of our dirty laundry and claims Eugene's bastards as her own. So now everyone knows our family is full of sinners. And Ginger's slutty mother showed up too, but really, who cares? One man dies, and the entire Monreaux family has gone to hell. In Jesus' name... amen. MARGARET: Favor is deceitful, beauty is vain, but a woman who feareth the Lord, she shall be praised. (whispering) She shall be praised. Proverbs: 31. MALE ANNOUNCER: Your free gift when you sign up to become a SunnyClub member today. Oh. NORAH: Hmm. No perfume can mask the stench of that press conference. That press conference was a wonderful moment of unity for family‐‐ NORAH: For crap headlines. (sighs) Nobody reads print, Norah. I could've told you outing a bunch of bastards was a bad idea. They're not just bastards, Norah. They're people too. Every news channel, every Christian blogger, even the Crescent City coupon catalog is writing about the complete destruction of the Monreaux family. MARGARET: Come on, how bad could the damage really be? New subscriptions for SunnyClub have plateaued. ‐Hmm. ‐Plateaued, my ass. We are holding at six million subscriptions. We need eight by the end of the week, or you'll lose vendors. People of faith are not that fickle. That's the beauty of faith. ‐Fix this. ‐I will. NORAH: Better fix it. THOMAS: In the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, I baptize you. (cheers and applause) Hear that? The Reverend hasn't lost his flock, and neither have I. You set that meeting with the children? Yes. Keeping them on brand is a good place to start. (dramatic music) BECKY: Look at her. She thinks she's God. ♪ ♪ ERIC: Why is Ginger here? Eric, your mama's a tricky bitch. Mama said she wanted to talk about my future, right? That woman has nothing to do with my future. If Margaret is a woman of her word, there will be a $30 million check inside. Whatever it is, take it. We need it. The numbers at SinWagon have tanked since you left. ‐I have faith. ‐In Margaret? Myself. This was supposed to be the first grandchild, not that thing. That baby‐‐ it's a little demon sent here to shatter our world. You're my brother now, so I just want to say that I look forward to getting to know you. Both of you. ‐Great. ‐Yeah. And maybe, uh, when you have your kid, we can share a babysitter and stuff. (scoffs) Other than the occasional requisite on‐camera moment, I'm not gonna be, like, working or anything. Oh, great. So you can watch both the kids. That was a‐‐ that was a joke. Hmm. Ha‐ha. I'll see you both inside. ♪ ♪ Ms. Sweet? My name's Luke Taylor, formerly of the Daily Edge. I would love to ask you some questions. Everyone's chasing this story about Eugene's kids, but no one's talking about the mothers. You need to leave. The women Eugene hurt. I'm not an angle. She's not an angle. She's treating us like we're equal or something. Equality is unfair. Yeah, we're not doing this. (engine turns over, revs) ♪ ♪ BECKY: Look at that one. She's gonna get melanoma. ♪ ♪ Come on, Rose. What the hell? BECKY: Don't cuss. ‐(horn honks) ‐How are y'all? ERIC: Can you move the car? Come on. ‐I waited for you to go in. ‐ROSE: Oh. (horn honks, engine revs) Hi, I'm Rose. I'm your, uh, daughter's sister. ‐Mm. ‐Don't do that. Rose is cool. No, it's fine, really. We're all family now. Hey, where's Jason? He's in Colorado. 'Cause that's where he lives. I don't know. I mean, that's where he is. Yeah. ♪ ♪ Let's go inside. Come on, Mama's waiting. You get ten minutes. ♪ ♪ I want to thank you all for joining me in what I'm reframing as a blending journey. It is my God‐given duty to bring us all together. Where is my check? FRANKLIN: Hold tight, now. All of you will be getting checks. That's great. For $10,000. A week. (snorts) Jeez. Me too? But what happened to the millions? You all gonna have to work for it. Antonio, you will give up this MMMA thing. MMA? MARGARET: You are Jesus' only parent, and if you get hurt, who will he have? Besides, I would very much like for you to join my security team. She just put you on staff, bro. FRANKLIN: It is an entry‐level position that you can build on. Jason, wherever he is, he will close that ganja factory. And, Ginger... Here it comes. You and your mother, you will leave New Orleans, you will close that porn site of yours, and you will never, ever speak to any member of the press ever again. I'm supposed to just go away? Uh‐huh. And I'm sorry, this is the same allowance that I've gotten since I was 16. You've been getting $10,000 a week since you were 16? Rose, you will go to Colorado and you will present the terms to Jason in person. ‐No. ‐You are my best ambassadress. ‐I'm apolitical. ‐GINGER: Okay. So 5% of the company is off the table. What about the 1% Eugene's will promised all of us? You get that 1% when Margaret is‐‐ ‐Dead. ‐Don't tempt me. I'm not gonna just disappear and wait for you to be dead in the ground to cash in. You did me a favor, Margaret. After that press conference, SinWagon is netting $10,000 a week, maybe more. So thank you for the notoriety. Ginger, I'm asking you to rise to the occasion of your birthright. TINA: Ginger, it's time to go. ♪ ♪ I'm gonna build my brand on the back of yours, 'cause I'm that bitch. And I'm this bitch. ♪ ♪ Dear Lord, where do we go when we die? Do we become spirit in the sky, or do we float around unnoticed to those who love us? (tense music) (gasps) I'm alive? Barely. (grunts and groans) Shh! Take it easy. You need to rest. (gasps) Everyone on that plane is dead. Everyone but me. That swamp spit you out so's you could start over. (dramatic music) God spared me from hell? ♪ ♪ Why? 'Cause She ain't done with you. BECKY: If flesh can become spirit, can spirit become flesh? In Jesus' name we pray, amen. I told you to stay in the car. THOMAS: You remind me of someone, Miss Ginger. Mary Magdalene, prostitute cleansed of her sins by Christ and anointed as one of the true faith. One, I don't need to be cleansed of anything. Two, those macho asshats who decided what went in the Bible made up the whole Magdalene whore thing to minimize the deep personal relationship she had with Jesus as well as her position of power in the early church. (soft music) MARGARET: Honestly, Rose, the lip on you back there? That Ginger, she's a bad influence. I'm sorry I got defensive. I just‐‐I keep thinking about what Daddy would do. MARGARET: Slight break in the hem, please. Just slight. But if Daddy were here, everything would be secretly worse. Jesus is gonna puke all over this. MARGARET: (chuckles) Oh, sweetie. You're getting more than one. Sorry, I'm just so mad and sad at the same time. We are the Monreaux girls. We can be mad, sad, walk, talk, chew gum, and still solve all the world's problems. Oh, I don't think he should wear a tie. I really need you to go see Jason. Oh. ♪ ♪ Okay, Mama. Okay. That's my girl. Scuse me. We have a problem. ♪ ♪ You might want to get your security on it. (chuckles) ‐Norah? ‐What on earth? Margaret Monreaux thinks that I should be ashamed of pulling myself up by my bootstraps and building a life for my mother. We're trash to her, so she's trying to throw us away. Not on my watch. Hit it, Rach! (upbeat music) Whoo! ♪ ♪ Certainly an improvement, isn't it? That's how us Vegas girls do it, folks. We work hard. We pay our taxes. We don't all grow up with a silver spoon. (dramatic music) FRANKLIN: Awful what they did to you out there. They don't need our ire. They need our empathy. Tina is every woman Eugene ever broke. Jason's mother, Antonio's, those poor girls that Eugene snuck on our plane, and God knows who else? I've reached a settlement with the families of those young women and the pilot's family. When did everyone in our world become a transaction? A long time ago. You just didn't know about it. Now, we need to do something about SunnyClub. Fans just aren't buying in at the rate that we need them to. I'm gonna remind them who I was before all this... (sniffles) And who I still am. Like many of you, I grew up poor. (uplifting music) My mama, she did her best, but it was tough... living in a car. And when we weren't relying on strangers' pity, we were victims of it. And then one day, we drifted into a church in New Iberia. Oh, we were so hungry and without hope, but when that sermon was over, we came outside, and that old car? (breathes deeply) It was full of groceries. ♪ ♪ I told God that I would spend my life repaying that gift. SunnyClub is my humble answer to the debt I owe Him. With one click... you're not just bringing quality products right into your home. 20% of those profits, they go to the Sunny Missions. We can fill the cars of hungry people around the world. (clears throat) Join SunnyClub today... ‐Won't you? ‐(light applause) (Southern fiddle music) FRANKLIN: You think the Saints are headed to the Super Bowl? You seriously call me here to talk about football? No, but pleasant conversation makes the world go round, does it not? (chuckles) It does, so you're right. But I'm exhausted, so if we could, uh, hurry this along? I'd like you to write some nice things about Margaret. She's had a rough go. Margaret had me fired for trying to break the Ginger story. No. If she had, I'd know. But there are some powerful folks around the Monreauxs, folks who wouldn't want you sniffing around. (scoffs) You care to comment on who? Nope. (chuckles) ♪ ♪ Been looking into the Eugene crash. It's muddy, Franklin. ‐FRANKLIN: Muddy? ‐LUKE: Mm‐hmm. Like when kids playing in the dirt or when grown folks up to no good? Muddy like a perfectly inspected private jet just catches fire and falls out of the sky. Muddy like a man just died but all the media can talk about is who is doing who. Well... these are complicated times. Times aren't complicated. They are. Look here. The Monreauxs are a good Christian family, and they've done right by me. (scoffs) A lot of good Christian folks down here done a lot of bad things to people like you and me, yeah? Mm‐hmm. But Margaret is good. ♪ ♪ I think that somebody wanted Eugene Monreaux dead and they pulled that plane out of the sky to make it so. ♪ ♪ If they think taking my job is gonna shut me up, then clearly they never met a hungry freelancer. You keep digging. No matter where it takes you, huh? Now, I'm sorry about your job... but I will throw you a bone from time to time. ♪ ♪ I think the Saints are doomed, but not because the referees or the politics of the league. It's their play, always making excuses for their poor judgment. Gets 'em every time. ♪ ♪ (upbeat music) CASPER: Maid service is every Tuesday. I'm the maid, so you get what you pay for. We're not staying. There's a bar right down there you're welcome to hang out in. And there's booze, just don't ask me to fix you any drinks. It's a sort of a pay‐what‐you‐can scenario. How many rooms you got vacant here? All of 'em except for yours and hers. Run for your lives. I got herpes just by looking at the bedspread. (laughs) ♪ ♪ I'll take all of them. You gotta pay in advance. ‐Mm‐hmm. ‐CASPER: I'll get the keys. Why you blowing up our world? I'm in the spotlight here thanks to Margaret. What better place to build our brand? You're just trying to get your new mom's attention. ♪ ♪ Hey. Did you follow me here? What can I say? I'm intrepid. (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ Yo, she's not receiving. ♪ ♪ Nice suit. ♪ ♪ Margaret? MARGARET: I've made a real mess, haven't I, Franklin? FRANKLIN (whispering forcefully): Margaret! What? ‐FRANKLIN (whispering): Bob. ‐(whispering) Bob? ♪ ♪ MARGARET: (gasps) Oh, Bob! Oh, it's so nice to see you. (coughs) Oh, forgive me. I know, smoking kills. You still in remission? Uh, yes. Thank God. Well, we are delighted to distribute your books on SunnyClub. Margaret, I've known you for years. Are those girls through school yet? One out. The other one's studying to be an oncologist. You inspired her in your own way. I can't front the production costs without the subscriber guarantee, and your numbers are far below projections. ‐For now. ‐Now is all I have. I'm sorry. I'm out. We've had this relationship for 20 years. This was a dream of mine and Eugene's and yours. Mm‐hmm. MARGARET: You can't abandon it now. All I need is time‐‐ just a few weeks, that's all. (sobs) ‐Fine. ‐(gasps) You have a day. It's all I can do. Sorry I can't do you better. Thank you for the reprieve. (crying) BOB: (sighs) Okay, yeah. It feels like I've lost both my parents. My father's dead. My mother doesn't love me. She loves you, baby. She just doesn't act like it... right now. She lost her husband, Eric. She's erratic, untethered. She cannot be blamed for misguided actions stemming from sorrow. I forsake her. I forsake all of them. You two are my family now, you and our child, that's it. God didn't make a man to snivel and whine. Your dedication to my sister and me is admirable, but dishonoring your mother, that's shortsighted. I thought that's what you'd want. Leave some generosity in your heart for her weakness, and lead her home. (upbeat hip‐hop music) ♪ ♪ ♪ D, D‐Wade and LeBron ♪ ♪ D‐Wade and LeBron ♪ ‐♪ D‐Wade and LeBron ♪ ‐♪ They don't play like I play ♪ ROSE: Hey. Hi. (chuckles) Hello. Sorry, we're not selling today. Oh, no, no, no. I'm looking for Jason. Is he here? ‐AUGIE: Uh... ‐Oh, she don't know. That's so sad. She doesn't know what? Um, there was a bad car accident. He's in a coma. They don't think he's gonna make it. What? (upbeat music) ♪ ♪ GINGER: (sighs) Now, you grew up in Las Vegas and then‐‐ Well, Vegas is my past. I want to talk about my future. I hope to replicate the success of SinWagon right here in the Big Easy. Do you know the circumstances of how Eugene Monreaux met your mom? They met and fell in love. I started SinWagon‐‐ I don't do puff pieces, Ginger. Okay? (tape recorder clicks) Why did she keep you a secret? Do you know anything about why you are who you are? (somber music) Your mother accepted no type of payout, no NDA. ♪ ♪ She‐‐ she didn't want to hurt Eugene. Why is she so scared to be here? ♪ ♪ You need to leave. (tape recorder clicks) When you want to get real, you call me. ♪ ♪ (door clicks open and shut) (dramatic music playing) ♪ Down the Via Dolorosa ♪ ♪ Called the way of suffering ♪ ♪ Like a lamb came the Messiah ♪ ♪ Christ the King ♪ ♪ But He chose to walk that road ♪ Oh, I love that one. (sighs) You make Sandi Patty proud, Paul. This is my personal communion time. I brought you some maple bacon muffins. Mucus from the gluten messes with my placement. ‐MARGARET: Aww. ‐Singer thing. Well, I'll just leave them here for guests. You ever have guests, Paul? It's time for my snack, Brother Corley. You got it. What do you want, Margaret? Well, my, uh‐‐my fans, they're losing faith. I blew it. And you were... right. This all could've been quiet, contained, controlled had you listened to my advice. Then absolve me, Paul. Ask everyone to forgive Eugene. Ask everyone to forgive me. They'll listen to you. We don't want 'em to listen. We want to galvanize them. We need a show, a living, breathing, visceral show. I'm listening. I wanna baptize Ginger on my show. (chuckles) Ginger? Well... I can get Antonio to do it, maybe even Jason if I can track him down, but Ginger, she's unpredictable. The redemption story is the very basis of Christianity. Saving souls like hers, that's what you and I were put on this earth to do. If takes a few tries, that's even better for programming. Whether she's a good girl or a bad one, either way, we win. Deliver Ginger, and I can deliver you. What will that cost me? Eric. He's not ready to be CEO. Neither are you. He's hurting, Margaret. He needs to know that you believe in him. Put him in charge of the missions. It'll show him that you see him as a man, a man worthy of his father's great works. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ I have to confess, when you kissed me, I felt something. ♪ ♪ (sighs) My whole life, I have tried to be good, and in that moment, I was bad. And I wanted to be bad. But I'm‐‐I'm just so sorry that I made you feel so guilty. ‐JASON: Don't be sorry. ‐Oh, my God! (screams) Don't worry. You're not gonna wake him up. ♪ ♪ He's in a coma. ♪ ♪ (upbeat music) Rose, Rose, Rose. Yeah, okay, I'm Rose. Who are you? My name is Mark. ‐Mark? ‐Yeah. But you can call me Jason if you're more comfortable with that. ROSE: (scoffs) Everybody always confused us growing up, okay? And we don't have any of the same genes, but... Our whole lives, it was like we were the same person, so it didn't feel like such a bad thing pretending to be my brother. Don't y'all have lawyers? No, we don't have lawyers. And in the will, it states, "Any living children who can prove paternity." And he's not gonna make it, so... the whole will thing is kind of mute. I think you mean "moot," although both words do kind of apply. At least you don't have to feel bad about having the hots for your brother. You are a liar. You are a greedy liar. Just like my father. (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ ELLIE: Are you ready to go home? (chuckles) Ooh. ♪ ♪ I'm scared. I have a lot to answer for. You can't start out on the road to redemption until we wash away your original sin. When did you first sin, Eugene? When I was born. That's a Sunday school answer. You're a big boy. When did you first bite that forbidden fruit? Stop speaking in riddles. (grunts) The first time you looked at her with lust... was the first betrayal. And all the fruit thereafter. The women. The children too. Your children need you. But first, son, you must reclaim your salvation. ‐(upbeat music) ‐♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ (horn honks) ♪ ♪ ‐You need to go. ‐Hmm? ♪ ♪ You too, sweetie. ♪ There's time for that ♪ (horn honking) ♪ ♪ Welcome to N'Awlins, my little chickadees! Yes, come on up. Come on up here. (all hooting and hollering) Thank you for the check, Ms. Monreaux. I really appreciate it. Antonio, I'm so grateful for how kind you've been. Being kind to you is easy. ERIC: ♪ Be rolled back ♪ ♪ As a scroll ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ The trumpet shall sound ♪ He can really sing. It's nice. It is nice. Why don't you take the rest of the day off? I'll do that. Thank you. ERIC: ♪ Even so ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ It is well ♪ ♪ With my soul ♪ ♪ ♪ I missed you at the meeting. Thank God you've been blessed with three new children to fill the gap. Eric, I know you're angry. You have every right to be. But without your father, I don't know how to fix this. You gotta tell me how to make this right. What am I supposed to do, Mom? 'Cause I don't know where to begin. Everything I've ever known to be true... Isn't true anymore. How can I teach my kid what's right when the whole world is a lie? No, son. What our family built, it will endure, but that won't happen without you. We need your unquestionable moral clarity to lead our charitable missions. But that's Daddy's job. Not anymore. (chuckles) I promise I'll make you so proud. I already am proud. (tender music) ERIC: (cries) I'm sorry I've... been so petty. Shh. God, I just‐‐ I miss him so much, you know? ROSE: Though you have not seen Him, you love Him. And even if you do not see Him now, you believe in Him and you are receiving the goal of your faith: the salvation of your soul. (dramatic music) I'm sorry that I never knew you. ♪ ♪ You're‐‐you're his mom. Oh, I'm so sorry for whatever my family must have put you through, I‐‐ Both of my boys are adopted. I only know your dad from TV. Mark lied to you because I asked him to. ♪ ♪ The medical bills have been staggering, and we just can't keep up. And then the summons arrived. We never meant any harm. ♪ ♪ ‐(upbeat music) ‐♪ Lord, turn it up ♪ ♪ Break it down ♪ ♪ Lord, get it goin' ♪ ♪ You got to, got to, gotta get gone ♪ ♪ And you know the rhythm's hot ♪ ♪ And you know that we won't stop ♪ ♪ You got to scream and shout ♪ WOMAN: Oh, my God! (women clamoring) Oh, excuse me. Uh, Ginger's upstairs and to the left. Well, uh, actually, I'm here to see her mother. ‐Oh, she's in the bar. ‐Ah. Uh, can we get a selfie with you? ‐Uh... ‐Just, like, so quick? With the whole team? Of course. Okay. Ready? ‐One, two, three. ‐Oh. ♪ ♪ (door squeaks) This is cozy. Is that a martini? There's no vermouth. I always order my martinis very cold, hold the vermouth. That's just vodka. Your point? If you came here for my daughter, you can't have her. Well, what I've experienced of your daughter, she's got a will of her own. I bet she got that from you. ‐She got it from you. ‐(chuckles) Plopped in front of that TV. Hanging on every word you said, every bit of scripture you quoted. I raised my daughter, but you inspired her. And our work is not done. What I believe Ginger deserves is... a new life. And that starts with the sacrament of baptism. In fact, I have an idea. We could do that on the Reverend's show. (sighs) Oh, that would bring us so much peace. (scoffs) That's what her father would've wanted. GINGER: Well, who needs AA when you've got Margaret Monreaux? Mom, let's go. ♪ Gone, gone, gone ♪ Mom. ♪ Down Pioneer Square ♪ ♪ And I left his body there ♪ ‐(dramatic music) ‐(woman humming) (indistinct chatter) ♪ ♪ Hello, Mamí. Siete‐‐Melón. Ocho, nueve. ANTONIO: (smooches) Here's the check, Mamí. ♪ And the next, and the next ♪ You did damn good. Damn good, mi'jo. ‐Did you go out looking today? ‐YOPI: Yeah. I went down to the Bywater. Real up‐and‐coming neighborhood. Lot of hipsters and fun stores too. I found a two‐bedroom shotgun. ANTONIO: Yeah? Can you believe they call a house a shotgun down here? Surprisingly affordable too. I filled out an application, so with the check, we can give 'em a deposit tomorrow. Hmm? Right? Vamos. You haven't worked out all day. ♪ ♪ (hissing) Look down. Smile, smile. Make her think she's the best mamí you've ever had. ♪ ♪ Huh? She's up against the ropes now. You'll be the last man standing. Stay in the fight, stay in the fight, con huevos! Sí, sí! Más, más, más, más, más! I only ever had one religious experience. How much did you have to drink beforehand? It was the morning after I first made love to your father. Please don't say "made love." I was in the bath. And he wanted to know why I wore so much makeup. "I want to see you," he said. So I went under and came up looking like a hot mess... (chuckles) I'm sure. And your father said, "There you are." He baptized me that day. I never did that for you. Why are you talking like this? Margaret, she wants to baptize you, on TV. Well, that's stupid. TINA: I know you. Those cameras? It's what you want. I don't trust her. You're not only better off with Margaret. You're safer. She can protect you in a way I never could. (upbeat music) Sloe gin fizz‐‐my grandma loved them when I was little. Uh, where are you going? The bar. Go back to your rooms and get to work. No clientele. How's that? We went dark for three days. The competition undercut us. They went for the kill. We dead. Come on, girls. ‐♪ Doctor, doctor ♪ ‐♪ Give me some help ♪ ♪ I'm having trouble controlling myself ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ‐♪ Doctor, doctor ♪ ‐♪Give me the cure ♪ ♪ I got the love fever for sure ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ Maybe it is time to be reborn. (knock at door) Yeah? ♪ ♪ You're not a liar. Well, no, you are, but... you're not the bad kind. Uh, thank you, I think? Are you moving? I'm shutting down. The pot business has gotten really corporate here, and, you know, can't really compete with billionaires. So become one. Just... move back to New Orleans, keep lying the good lie, and get everything you can for your family. I've lived my whole life with everyone knowing everything about me, so... What they don't know about me might just save me. (soft music) We therefore were buried with him through baptism into death in order that we, too, may live a new life. Today we bury Ginger Sweet. ♪ ♪ You have a future with this family. I can see it. I can see it too. ♪ ♪ ELLIE: This day on, old things is new. Ginger Sweet, you have opened your heart to the Lord. You'll serve Him as your Savior and upon the profession of your faith. ELLIE: I baptize you in the name of Christ for the washing away of your sins. THOMAS: In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. I baptize you. ♪ ♪ Just as Jesus was coming up out of the water, He saw heaven being torn open... (both gasp) THOMAS: And the Spirit descending on Him like a dove. ♪ ♪ Amen. (upbeat music) Holy hooters, I can see her areolas. ♪ ♪ where we guarantee you will rise again. Cut the feed. Cut the feed! Do I just‐‐do I call a cab? Do you even have a phone here? Walk thataway, and keep walking. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ But I'm lost out here. The path to glory will find you. Just keep walking. ♪ ♪ Go on. ♪ ♪ THOMAS: I'm humbled by the spectacle you saw on this stage yesterday. Like you, I was alarmed by the‐‐ let's call it what it was: blasphemy. But do not cast a stone upon the sinner, for it's women like Ginger Sweet who remind us, the faithful, that we are at war with the devil. We are engaged in a battle for her soul, and we will win. (upbeat music) We must come together now as one Sunshine Network mission. ♪ ♪ Subscribe to SunnyClub today, and join God's winning team. NORAH: You did it. Eight million and counting. The Reverend saved you. Whoo. You know that's the Lord's work. The Reverend said we'd win either way, and he was right. (faint cheering) When did winning mean losing your conscience? You stayed above it longer than most. And for better or for worse, today was a good day. Book Ginger on Wings of a Dove. ♪ ♪ Be good for her. Be good for everyone. ♪ ♪ Okay. Now that we've got their attention, we're gonna keep it. ♪ ♪ Time to save some souls, girls. Hit it, bitches. You're pushing your luck. When you play to win... ♪ ♪ (computer chiming) Help me, I've fallen. Please take me back to heaven. MAN: (chuckles) It's really weird seeing you like that. (chuckles) Well, we're, um, trying a new thing here. The wings freak me out a little bit. Yeah. (chuckles) Me too. How are you? Better now that I'm looking at you. You always make me feel so special. You are special. So when are you gonna let me see you? (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ ‐WOMAN: He's dangerous. ‐YOPI: Right? Claro. (laughs) Okay, we'll party later. Oh, my God. Those girls, they are such a riot. It's like a sorority of the most loudmouth, ass‐kicking, sexiest broads. What happened to the apartment? Pero don't hate me, melón de mi corazón. I owed a little money to a guy, but we're square now, so... the world's gonna be our oyster por vida. ‐You want some soup? ‐I hate soup. Well, that's new. I hate canned soup. Don't be mad at me. Okay? Come here. Come on. You're okay. Margaret loves you. Hmm? You're gonna get another check next week. And then we're getting out of here? Stop it. (soft music) I can't believe you drove all the way to Colorado. I don't know if you heard, but our private plane crashed. You could've just flown commercial, but‐‐ (chuckles) No, I don't fly commercial. And neither do you anymore. ♪ ♪ EUGENE: Keep walking. Keep walking. Just keep walking. Keep walking. ♪ ♪ Keep walking, Eugene. FRANKLIN: I talked to that reporter kid. I learned some really bothersome things about Eugene. That's a disease that seems to be contagious. He wanted to know if I could think of anyone who wanted Eugene dead. He said planes just don't fall out of the sky. They do if God wants them to. ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 