Filthy Rich: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Filthy Rich 
 s1e6 - Hebrews 9:15 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Filthy Rich (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Hebrews 9:15 - full transcript 
 Ginger tries to use the tape of her kidnapping to bring down the men on 18:22; Margaret searches for a new factory for her perfume line; Eric receives a mysterious gift. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Dear lord, I've had some epiphanies this mardi gras. Everyone's a sinner. Margaret and co freaked out about a salacious tape starring governor virgil love, aka the politician that graciously wanted to poach my husband. All: Love always wins. Becky: Margaret was hungrier than a jackal to take the governor down, but with franklin doing whatever he does on his one day off, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 she's simply not as efficient. I'm not giving you that tape. But someone was. Hagamond: You're gonna tell me where you're hiding the governor's little tape. Becky: Rose is off gallivanting with jason. Suspect as usual. Speaking of gallivanting, eric is cheating on me. - Heels stay on. - (moans) becky: And in an act of rebellion, I might have done something... Never mind. Not important. Margaret got that porn tape, thanks to franklin, and the governor went down. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Who's running this holy war? Becky: Along with ginger's business. You've ruined me. Becky: Now how's eric ever gonna advance? Lord, it's crazy. Eugene was always so poised under pressure. He knew exactly what to do and how to do it. From the way things are going, there are more storms ahead. Game on, creep. Becky: And no amount of proverbs 31 perfume will get the "ew" out of de toilette. Every day's another chance to believe in miracles, right? In the name of jesus, amen. Singer: ♪ oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ margaret: Dear lord! Where's all my perfume? How are we supposed to keep our promise to our subscribers without any product? A message from townes. Don't do to me what you did to virgil. Virgil brought it on himself. Our hands weren't exactly clean in that. I did what I did to protect eric. Franklin: Yeah, but you hurt ginger in the process. You shut her business. Eventually, she will realize it's in her best interest. That doesn't look like my proverbs 31. More like townes 2020. Oh! That's disgusting! Surely he can't own every perfume factory in louisiana. Well, he kinda does. Franklin, why is everyone so determined to burn our company to the ground? We are in this together. All of us. You talking about your children now or the 18:20? You find us another factory. Fast. And in the meantime, we're gonna find a new purpose for our ginger. (upbeat country music) ginger: Look at you all. Like an off-brand cast of the wizard of oz. Dorothy, the tin man, the scarecrow, the cowardly lion, and toto too. Because you ride around in your mother's basket. I deserve that. These are all the women that you collectively put out of work. Get off your high horse. She shut down a porn site, not a soup kitchen. Ginger, we wanna make amends. We wanna bring you into the fold. We believe that you have great potential. So instead of an apology, you wanna make me your employee? In addition to an apology. I'm gonna have to decline because unlike the rest of you, I'm not gonna be a part of the problem. You are all responsible for what happened to me and my girls. You think saintwagon is dirty? Doesn't even come close to how disgusting all of you are. But isn't this what you've always wanted? - Excuse me? - Rose: Just to be a part of us. I mean, you... you said so. That dream is dead, rose. Really? ♪ ♪ really. Join your mama in hell, rose. Someone please drop a house on her. She's spirited, honey. And one day, we will channel that spirit over to the lord. ♪ ♪ (sighs) how'd it go? Just be glad you weren't invited. Are you okay though? No. Not at all. But thank you for sticking close. That man who held me hostage, he told me if that tape got out, I'd have a bad day. Man, I hate what he did to you. And I'm not leaving your side. Good. 'cause I'm gonna make sure his day is worse. ♪ ♪ (bluesy pop music) singer: ♪ I sing my siren song ♪ okay, chicas, we're down but we're not out. Now, poker... Is a lot like life. Hmm? Now listen. You're gonna keep your cards close to your vest. You're gonna be very, very patient. Never move this. All right? When you know you've got a winner, you move all, all in. Mamita. Whoever he is, he's not gonna call. - You don't know him like I do. - Yopi: Mm. - He'll call eventually. - Yopi: Eventually. Yeah, that's a losing proposition. Get your tushy over here. Let me learn you something. Come here. Well, if it isn't the legendary don bouchard. Hola, yopi. Qué pasó? You stop by to talk about antonio's championship fight? Oh, you're smart enough to know the fight's off. So you drove all the way over here to gloat? I came here 'cause I know you, and see, you think you can pull that same kind of crap on me that you pulled on virgil, well, you got another thing coming. (tense music) (laughs) you and I know each other really well. The stories I could tell about this boy. You tell whoever you want to, yopi. Who's gonna believe an old wash-up like you? (scoffs) ♪ ♪ (door opens, closes) what the hell was that? ♪ ♪ that's what you call "upping the ante." rose. Hey, I've been looking all over for you. Hey. I had a really rough morning. Ginger said some horrible things to me, and, I mean, I don't know, they're probably horrible because they're true. Am I a toto? I don't know what that means, but it sounds like a terrible thing to call somebody. - Yeah. - Jason's awake. You jason or the other jason? The other jason. - The real jason. - What? - How? - I don't know. The doctors say it's some kind of miracle. What are we gonna do? - It's gonna be great. - It's god's plan. I heard your family got a new plane. - Mm-hmm. - Do you wanna take it to colorado and meet your brother? (heartfelt country music) the good news is you're up 2 million subscribers. - And the bad? - Same as the good. You're up 2 million, but I have yet to find anyone in the state of louisiana that will lease us a factory. (wheels squeaking) what in the heavens' name was that? (mysterious country music) townes, reverend. To what do we owe this pleasure? - Townes bought virgil's stock. - Oh. 50¢ on the dollar, thanks to you. He feels he should have more of a presence here. And so do I. Do you now? What brought this guy down? Ak-47. Can't bring a slingshot to a gunfight. Do you hunt, franklin? Well, the big game we're currently chasing is factories. Margaret: Townes, if you're here to look out for your own interests, it's worth noting the losses you may incur if proverbs 31 does not roll out on time. Agreed. Let's get you a factory. - Which one you want? - Oh. And going forward, we ask you run all decisions concerning the network past us. I'd feel more comfortable running 'em past him. (tense music) gentlemen. ♪ ♪ if he hadn't married into veronica's money, his office would be at the back of a greasy spoon. - Who you calling? - Veronica. Half his shares belong to her. (upbeat music) ginger: What more do you need to run a real story? My decomposing body? The guy who attacked you is guilty, undeniably. But we agreed we're chasing down the bigger story, huh? His handlers are margaret's investors. Margaret wouldn't stand for that if she knew. Yes, she would. She's complicit. How's that? She's the head of a global enterprise that was built and maintained by men who prey upon vulnerable women. And she took their money. It's systemic. I mean, they probably did the same thing to your mother, antonio. Have you ever asked her that? I don't like where you're going with any of this. So far, margaret has skated by on plausible deniability. Yes, thank you! - (phone buzzes) - what's up? Luke: Franklin, I'm writing an exposé on margaret monreaux's potential complicity in a criminal syndicate. I wondered if she cared to comment. Dear lord, keep me on the righteous path full of good works. You said the way of works is the way of life. For he who does the will of god abides forever. Eugene knew his path. Where most men saw sorrow, eugene saw an opportunity for the world to be a better place. Thank god for this site, man. More work here than any other spot in southern louisiana. Becky: And you rewarded that goodness with wealth. (mellow country music) I know you. You're the man who used to come around. Yeah, that was me, but, uh, I'm not that man anymore. Becky: Dear lord, I fear my husband does not have that kind of greatness in him. He is dedicated to good works, but good works alone don't make a man. In jesus' name, amen. ("the end of the world") (jazzy country ballad) ♪ ♪ golly. Aren't you supposed to be down at the missions with eric? Yeah, but it's hell down there. Delivering service to others is not optional, becky. I need advice, brother. (sighs) singer: ♪ don't they know? ♪ I'm struggling in my marriage. Eric's been taking on a lot more work lately now that eugene's left us. I feel trapped. In my... in my body, in my circumstances, I... I feel like I've been fighting for something that I never really wanted. Just quiet those thoughts with thoughts of good fortune. When you fell for eric, he fell for you, that was god's voice bringing you together for a holy purpose. It was a shotgun wedding, paul. The life inside you is a miracle. ♪ ♪ I know. Go to the missions. Keep your husband on track. And remember, it's god's plan we must always surrender to. Singer: ♪ the same as it was ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I can't understand ♪ I'm bringing my baby into a loveless marriage. God wants you to prosper. If he didn't, he wouldn't have gifted you with the one true heir to the monreaux fortune. If the devil is whispering in your ear, you surrender to god's plan. Singer: ♪ it's the end of the world ♪ ♪ it ended when you said ♪ ♪ good-bye ♪ margaret: Veronica. (laughs) oh, honey, am I late? No, I just love sitting here. Feels more like home than home. Now, you just slow down. Let me catch up. Steve, the same. Speaking of "at home," townes? He has made himself quite comfortable at the sunshine network. He-he likes to keep a close eye on his possessions. So you knew he bought virgil's shares? Where do you think townes gets money like that? Hm. You know, when your husband twists an arm, you learn pretty quickly that it's smarter to say yes. (shady percussive music) but do me a favor. If you plan to do to townes what you did to virgil, I'd appreciate a heads-up. What alternative did he give us? Well, you could've spared his family what all of us spared you when eugene was alive. You see, that's our problem, veronica. We have kept silent. We should be lifting each other up. Grand. Now, your townes, he has shut down all of our louisiana factories. For us to stay in business, we need a ten-year lease guarantee on one of your family's alabama factories. Townes wouldn't like that. We are both women of means. And there is no reason to live under the thumb or fist of any man. You know, I'm not comfortable having this conversation, margaret. I've known you a long time. You're not here to help me. You just wanna keep business rolling on on your vanity project. Sunnyclub is not a vanity project. (laughs) it's a mission from god. - Hmm? - Yes. Our lord, he has put me on a path and that is why I am sitting next to you today. This is a conversation he intended us to have. ♪ ♪ I'll give you your lease. But only if you solemnly swear that you will not go after townes. We've had a long marriage. He's hurt me, but I've... I've hurt him too. He's hurt you more. Don't touch me, margaret. I should be going. We both got what we wanted. I won't forget this. - (phone buzzing) - oh. Hostess: Have a good day, miss. Oh, franklin. Thank the lord, thank the lord. We're back in business. Lunch with veronica went well? Does it count as lunch if she left before we ordered? I don't know. But you're about to lose your appetite. Why? (upbeat country music) ♪ ♪ you've been remarkably and wonderfully made. His works are wonderful and I know this well. That's really kind. Thank you. - Isn't she the best? - Jason: Yeah. Sorry. It's just mark has told me so much about you. I mean, genetics are crazy. We have so much in common. Well, maybe not so much anymore. Like reading, and, I mean, I really... I love being out in nature and just feeling the sun on my face and... I'm so sorry. I'm not saying what I want to. What do you wanna say, rose? Just that I'm so incredibly glad to have met you. And that is all I wanna say. For now. Well, I'm not going anywhere, so... (laughs) I'm sorry. I feel like maybe I hijacked this moment. You two obviously have so much to catch up on, so I think I'm gonna go home. No, you don't have to go. Oh, no, no, no. Seriously, it's fine. I mean, I want you to have this. This is your time. I'm gonna have my time later, but right now, this is yours. So you, I will see back in new orleans, and I will see you... For the rest of your life. - (laughs) - yeah. Kay. Hey. Shouldn't you be in school? "a gift for eric: Thelma, erika, marilyn." - who gave you this? - Some white man. Said you needed a push. Becky: Hey. Thought you hated this place. Oh, I do. But I thought about it and a wife should stand by her husband in service, not miles away. Aww. What's that? - Ah, nothing. - Hmm. You wanna watch me mix some concrete? - Sure. - Uh-huh. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ luke: I looked into those leads that you gave me. The 18:20, early investors in the sunshine network. Eugene became a liability to them just like governor love. Finally you're being smart. Why is margaret still doing business with them? I wanna talk to her. If you're talking to me, then you are talking to her. Maybe she could claim ignorance 25 years ago, but now, she'd have to be willfully blind not to know what they're up to. Now that sounds like you're asking me "what did she know and when did she know it?" no. My question for margaret is, how a female ceo puts up with the abuse of women. At some point, margaret's gonna have to speak for herself. (tense music) mr. Taylor? Get in the car. ♪ ♪ franklin: All of this is off the record. I believe in the free press. And I have nothing to hide. Luke: Well, then, let's get straight to it. Men who call themselves the 18:20 were early investors in your network. That's common knowledge. Ginger's accusing these men of abuse on your watch. Ginger knows full well that I had nothing to do with her mother's ordeal. Do you know why they were forced into hiding? Not until recently. My whole life, mr. Taylor, I have tried to aid those less fortunate than myself, especially women, and when I found out, I made sure that tina was taken to a safe place where she could get help and heal. So you're a champion of women. And ginger's lying about systemic abuse at the sunshine network. (shady music) if you're looking for a systemic abuser, you might cast your gaze at mr. Townes dockerty. Margaret, you've said enough. No. Ginger's right. These men, they have taken advantage for too long. I have proof that townes is a violent man, and I wouldn't be surprised if he was involved in some way with sending that man to terrorize tina. "that man" being hagamond sheen? You'd have to ask mr. Dockerty. Or franklin. You are really reaching. I learned his name from you. Did you send hagamond to rough up ginger on mardi gras? She was hurt? Oh, no. Ginger was kidnapped and bound by the same man who threatened tina. - Oh, that poor girl. - I looked into sheen. He's been enforcing for the 18:20 since he beat a murder rap 25 years ago. The lead witness "fell" from a window the night before she was supposed to testify. These are the men you're doing business with, margaret. Interview is over. No comment? Really? I said it's over. (tense music) man: Sir, step out. Hagamond. What are you doing here? Curious to know what you want done with the girl? - Ginger? - Uh-huh. Well, I already cleaned up your mess with virgil's tape, so there's nothing to be done. In fact, your services are no longer needed. In perpetuity. But it's all been leading up to this. The rebuilding of the temple, one world government. You promised me paradise. (laughs) try florida. (laughs sarcastically) too many people have seen you. You're a liability. No. I am the witness! ♪ ♪ hey, you remember when we were kids, man? Only rules we ever lived by: Out of the house by dawn. - Home by dark. - Play all day. What I wouldn't give to go back there. That perfect, uncomplicated time when we were free. Hey, man, I got something I need to tell you. I've seen the ever after. I'm serious, dude. I saw this warm, bright light and these big blue eyes staring right at me. And it sounds crazy, I know, but it was my dad. Eugene monreaux. He was calling me to heaven and I felt his love like it was rushing through my body. My body that now feels nothing. Mark, I'm never gonna walk again. I was scared the whole time you were out. And I was obviously wondering whether or not you'd wake up. But then, I was also thinking about what it would be like to be where you were. (heartfelt music) and... Sounds really beautiful. I'm ready to go back, mark. Someday you will, brother. Not someday. Once you've touched paradise, there's nothing else. If you love me, you'll help me. You never told me what happened between you and my father. No. Luke is gonna write about eugene and his friends and how they treated tina. I was wondering if you had another piece of the story. There's always another piece to the story. Well, you should tell it. And you should tell me. I'm not throwing in my chips with those unpredictable women. I love them, but come on. All right, mamí. Everything I do is for you. Every choice I make is for you and him. And that's all you will ever have to know. ♪ ♪ ginger: So the man they sent after you in vegas, he paid me a visit. And he scared me but I'm okay. 'cause I brought my friend. Remember luke? He's a really good guy, and he can do something about it. He wants to tell your story. I'm just starting to get better. Okay. Yeah. I understand. (phone buzzing) ugh. What does she want? Answer it. Hello, margaret. Margaret: Ginger. Hello. Am I on speakerphone? No. Margaret: Oh. I... Sweetie, I heard what happened to you, and I... I did not know. I'm so sorry. Ginger: Well, now you know. So what are you gonna do about it? Margaret: I promise that someone will be protecting you and guarding your mother from now on. We will use all of our resources to find the man who hurt you. Ginger: Men, and you know where they are. They have offices in your building. They come for weekends at your country house. We will replace these men carefully without destroying what we have built brick by brick. Ginger: Your bricks and mortar are rotten, and every day that you take their money is just another day you become more like them. Margaret: You must give it time, ginger, - and patience... - (phone beeps) - ginger? - (disconnected beeping) (sighs) you heard her. Brick by brick. Or maybe a stick of dynamite. I'm ready to talk. Singer: ♪ I've been acting like somebody that I'm not ♪ now what happens? Now we wait for eric to make the choice that I never made. He's a good man. On the other hand, I have knowingly wronged men, women, and children the world over. Forsaking their needs. Forsaking their love. But when I look at eric, I see... (solemn music) my sins fully rendered. I offer my son as my salvation. May his goodness be a salve to my wickedness. May he free you from my tyranny. In jesus' name, I ask your forgiveness. Please. How many times have I told you about stranger danger? Keep on walking, pervert. ("the end of the world") thomas: Tribulations: A cause of great trouble or suffering. Many of us, we know this chaos deep in our hearts, don't we? We feel it and we fight it. But why? Well, fight the good fight, they say, but what is the good fight? We look at the world in its current state, we see our inner conflict made manifest. "patience," says the lord, for god does not send tribulations to those who are meant for small things. God sends tribulations to those who are meant for big things. And we are all meant for big things, now aren't we? ♪ ♪ how did you know that horrible man's name? ♪ ♪ veronica. Veronica. So he is linked to townes. Oh, franklin. Who have we become? (door opens) this is not a good time. You took the words right out of my mouth. Sunshine network ceo margaret monreaux implicated in a bombshell report accusing the network's founders of being party to abuses of women - spanning 25 years. - What? Starting with margaret's own now deceased husband, eugene monreaux, whose already reported philandering may have been part of a broader conspiracy to leverage the fortunes of the company. Margaret: Those three gentlemen right there, they saw something special, they gave us our shot. Newscaster: Which leaves us with many lingering questions as to the degree of margaret monreaux's culpability in these alleged crimes. We warn you, the following video is difficult to watch. This man, convicted felon hagamond sheen, seen here terrorizing margaret monreaux's stepdaughter, ginger sweet. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ "I see," said the blind man as he picked up his hammer and saw. As he picked up his hammer and saw. Chaos. As for margaret monreaux herself, - she refused to comment. - (screams) guess how old he was when I taught him how to pray. - Four. - Yopi: Mm. He was 8 when he learned how to pray. - Rachel: He was 8 years old? - (door opens) - (laughter) - yopi: Good times. Close to the vest, rachel. Hey. What are you doing here? Eric: You okay? I know you're angry, but I'm... I'm so sorry about what that man did to you. And to your mom and... Yeah. My father... Our father... He let us all down. You came all the way here just to tell me that? - Yeah. - Yopi: Yeah, eric. You don't strike me as the seedy motel bar type. I'm sorry, but I do? - Oh, I could see that maybe. - Mom. Look, I know these are just words and words can only do so much, but I... I'm just... I'm in shock. I'm enraged on your behalf. This is not who we are, okay? You gotta know that. At least it's not who we wanna be. So just tell us whatever we can do to help. Well... You kinda already did it. I haven't had too many people in my life really show up for me. But you showed up. All three of you. To what is very possibly the lamest bar in new orleans. So thank you. - Yeah. - Truly. Of course. And speaking of showing up. You here to save your own hide? That is not why I'm here. No more lies, mama. Yeah, especially not when godless thugs are attacking our flesh and blood. Margaret: Ginger, what happened to you was evil but it was not of my doing. We are all victims here of your father's selfish, immoral acts. If I am guilty of anything, it is of trusting a christian man I loved completely. How it all came to this... I do not know. I ask your forgiveness in not protecting you from eugene's legacy. But I will not take responsibility for it. I will continue to protect what we have created, alone if I have to. I actually believe you, margaret. You didn't know. You were raised in a world that taught you not to know. That part's not your fault. But you just can't keep expecting forgiveness. The world has changed. Women work together or not at all. I want a united front. I want you to come back to wings of a dove and tell the world that my hands are clean of these crimes. I say yes, on one condition. You got it, honey. $6 million. The financial equivalent of the 1% of the company my father intended. Not just for me. For him, for her, and him. And jason. So this has all been about money. We all deserve the chance to walk away, to start over with our hands clean. You got me all wrong, you know. Everything I have ever done has been for my family. ♪ ♪ (upbeat music) "I can assure you, up until a few weeks ago"... - "I can assure you, up until"... - (toilet flushes) I feel like I'm gaining insight into you. As if. Wait, how? Going on air to protect the monreaux image. Staying on message. It all feels so orchestrated. Well, at least you're seen. I'm in the background practically doing semaphore and no one notices. Maybe 'cause you use words like "semaphore." hell's that even mean? Watch. It's visual communication using handheld flags. Sailors use it to communicate over great distances. Semaphore. You're confusing. I was homeschooled. Growing up, paul and I were taught that god has a plan for us. Yes, but what about our plans for ourselves? Don't they count for anything? I just don't know how you do it. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ I surrender. ♪ ♪ okay. That was... Wow. ♪ ♪ lord, I ask for your forgiveness. But you have tested me with these evil men and their deeds. I am trying to rebuild our network with good christian values. I know my hands are not clean. You be my rudder. You show me the way. - Townes: She's ruined me. - Thomas: Relax, townes. We'll lay out plans for a path forward. We need to get you out of here. Hey. Townes. I'll meet you at my studio. Lay low. You are an ungodly, worthless coward! - Calm down, brother! - Eric: I'm not your brother. If I ever see you here again, townes... look at me, damn it. If I ever see you here again, I will murder you with my bare hands. You are making a scene! That man attacks my sister and you are not bothered. There are forces at play here that are beyond you and me. You don't understand. I understand completely, paul. The missions have been failing for decades, decades, and yet somehow, monreaux unlimited turns a profit year after year. How is that? Hmm? This is how. You're not prepared for this conversation. Try me. How often do you replace your cell phone, eric? Every two, three years? Battery dies, screen glitches, you get a new one. Without planned obsolescence, a company can't make money. Yeah, we're not talking about phones, are we? We're talking about people's homes. Everything's temporary, eric. This is all part of god's plan. We live in an imperfect world that god will soon upgrade and when the rapture comes, the chosen will use the money that has been stockpiled to rebuild. We are profiting off disaster! Well, that's the burden of being chosen! You're the son of a billionaire. Hurricanes, tsunamis, earthquakes. Lesser men see these as disasters. We see them as god's love for us. Does my mother know? Your mother can never know. That's what I thought. ♪ ♪ I can assure you, up until a few weeks ago, neither margaret nor I had any knowledge of what those men did to my mother. No. As for what's happened to me, who knows what's in the hearts of those responsible. But margaret was not among them. She's been there for me, a real source of support and a godsend during this terrible time. Oh, thank you, ginger. Thank you. (cheers and applause) isn't ginger sweet brave to come here and share with us today? And when we come back, the wonderful world of spring cleaning! - (laughter) - it can be fun! And we've got all of these new sunnyclub products to show you. Don't you run off. We'll be right back. Producer: And we're out. 60 seconds. Oh, ginger. Ginger, thank you again for that heartfelt plea. Yeah. Well, I understand. Have you thought any more of joining us here? We women, we can work together. We can reshape and lead the changing world. Thanks, but no thanks, margaret. It's gonna take more than a rubber glove and some detergent to clean what you're shoveling. Don't forget, you took their money too. ♪ ♪ and we're back, everybody! And we've got sunnyclub towels! Are we bad people? Eric: Maybe. Every time we went on that show, every time we promoted stuff, every time we asked for money, people were getting hurt. Some were getting helped. It can't all be bad. I don't know. I mean, I've been playing this role for so long, I'm more comfortable living a lie than anything else. What's that say about me? That you're working towards something. Towards what? - A way out. - Eric: How? Everywhere we go, our last name is monreaux. ♪ ♪ you ever write a story like that on margaret again... What are you gonna do about it? I will kill you. (tense music) ♪ ♪ come on, franklin. Franklin! Franklin! (dramatic music) ginger. So, um, I guess you got your money and... Is that it? - Are you leaving? - Nope. I got stuff to do. Plans. You are like mama in that way. You always have a plan. I plan to use this dirty money to uplift other women. I love that. So what? Like, a school in malawi? No. I'm investing in a startup. Okay. What is it? It's you, rose. I want to invest in your fashion line. ♪ ♪ really? Really. ♪ ♪ rachel: My grandma has a place in arizona. - Yopi: Uh-huh. - Rachel: She lives there - and she has a room, so... - nice. I might stay there for a while. - And she rescues goats. - No way. - It's sweet. - Yopi: That's really cute. Rachel: Yeah. See? What'd I tell you? - I knew he'd be back. - Mm-hmm. I'm scared for you, girl. Hey. I... I'm so sorry you lost your job. You didn't deserve that. Eric, it's not the first time I'm gonna have to start over. So, hopefully, it's the last. Um... You're not leaving town, are you? ♪ ♪ not if there's a reason to stay. ♪ ♪ (tense music) ♪ ♪ get in the car, yopi. ♪ ♪ what are you looking at? ♪ ♪ (door opens) veronica! Are you looking for townes? I can't find him anywhere. I call, it goes straight to voicemail. It's not like him to give me such a long leash. I'm worried. Oh, veronica. I can't imagine life with a man like townes. Come on, margaret. Eugene may not have raised a hand to you, but you and I both know he left his mark. What happened to the heads-up, margaret? ♪ ♪ veronica: Franklin. Can we go for a drink? ♪ ♪ I got a late night here with margaret. Maybe another time? (laughs) yeah. Another time. ♪ ♪ I'll send someone for the bear. ♪ ♪ (sighs) she signed the lease for the warehouse. Thank god. You better sign it quick. None of this is sitting well with me. We must help veronica through this. God willing, all of this will eventually settle down. ♪ ♪ margaret: Franklin? Franklin? ♪ ♪ thomas: Townes. Get up. ♪ ♪ townes! ♪ ♪ damn it! ♪ ♪ (breathing heavily) ♪ ♪ what did you do, townes? What did you do to yourself? Carry on, false prophet. Carry on. (upbeat country music) ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 