Filthy Rich: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Filthy Rich 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Filthy Rich (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 The unknown heirs of a wealthy Southern businessman hatch a plan to get a piece of his fortune. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (dramatic music) (coughing) (sighs) ♪ ♪ (glass shattering, flames bursting) ♪ ♪ Rot in hell. SINGER: ♪ Bring me a higher love ♪ ♪ Bring me a higher love, oh, Lord ♪ Lord, direct my footsteps according to your word and let no sin rule over me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Thank you for protecting my family. You've kept us free from tragedy and illness and you have given us abundance of wealth. Everything. As long as I have breath in my body and your spirit in my heart. I am your servant and your faithful soldier. Amen! - (chuckles) - Oh! Now, let's just see. Oh, yeah. - Oh! - Look in my eyes. Let me see you. SINGER: ♪ Where's that higher love ♪ Well, every superhero needs a cape, Mama. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, Rose, you hush up. You hear your daughter? ♪ Think about it there must be higher love ♪ ♪ Down in the heart or hidden in the stars above ♪ NORAH: Push in, camera one. Take camera one. All right. Y'all are listening today. Hold steady, camera one. Hold steady. Can you hear me in Hong Kong? From Norway to LA? Can you hear me in Australia? The San Francisco Bay. The Lord is calling on you now. He's waiting on the line. Are you ready? (cheers and applause) Are you ready? Are you ready? 'Cause we're running out of time. Everything we rehearsed will be on the teleprompter. - Okay. - Eric, stick to the line. (cheers and applause) Go get 'em, baby. (whispering) I'll see you out there. - Eric, honey? - EUGENE: Come on, son. THOMAS: ♪ Try to see falling behind ♪ Look how far we've come. 25 years. All things are possible in Him. - In you. - In us. Oh, Lord. Oh, it's nice of the Reverend to try and upstage me on my own network on today of all days. He'd be nothing without you. Rose, I think we should get the wings. THOMAS: Be that higher love, and stick around for an extra special 25th anniversary. Yeah, that's right! Go on. Show Margaret your love. And may God bless you now. NORAH: And go. Live from Sunshine Studios in beautiful New Orleans. Ladies and gentlemen, Margaret Monreaux! (cheering) Wow! Hello! (upbeat music playing) SINGER: ♪ On the wings ♪ Can you believe that? Unbelievable. Hello! (cheers and applause) Oh, stop that! No! (cheers and applause) I did that! Look what they made me do! (cheering continues) Love you! Thank you for those warm, welcoming words. There is something that I need to say to all of you. You and the Lord give me the strength to do what I do, so thank you. (cheers and applause) Now this mama bear has been starving herself for a month to squeeze into those silly wings. Ladies, I think it's time we all had some fried chicken. WOMAN: Ah, there you go! Cock on the walk! That cock better not mess on my carpet. MAN: Bite that apple, baby. Yeah, bite it good. Sorry, Kansas City Beef. Your card was declined. What? Can you... can you run it again? - Ginger. - Yeah. You better go check on your mom. She's watching that TV show again. (groans) (rooster crowing) MARGARET: Thank you to all my mama bears for 25 years of support. She has the perfect pageant wave. MARGARET: When we come back, I have an exciting announcement... I was watching that. What are you doing? (laughs) - You have to stop. - No. - You're obsessed. - No. You have a problem. You know, many in this country say that people with our morals are out of touch or even stupid. Many of our sponsors wish that they didn't need your business. The time has come to start shopping in God's light, so four months from today, you'll be able to purchase everything from books, clothing, and groceries online from us. And we can assure you that every employee, associate, and vendor... Mm-hmm. Will share your Christian values. Did you know that some online retailers offer pornography for their subscribers? - (crowd murmuring) - ERIC: Yeah. Yeah, so next to the bleach in your cart, you got Drunk Teen Girls and Boys Gone Wild. They even sell a product called Butt Butter. For every item that you place in your Praise Cart, 20% of it will go back to our faith. To charities and organizations on the front lines of God's great commission. My friends, I give you Sunny Club. (cheers and applause) (upbeat music) (chanting) Sunny Club, Sunny Club. ALL: Sunny Club, Sunny Club. (audience chanting) ♪ ♪ (twangy singing) ♪ ♪ - What's the early word? - Valuation's off the charts. - Oh! - (laughs) You got a real winner with this, Eugene. I swear that camera loves his face even more than I do. (both laughing) I'm sorry, Mama. I know that wasn't the planned speech. - No. - But I... Subtlety is the footbridge to integrity. Amen. True integrity means you're the same in public as you are in private. - Mm. - You attract bees with honey, not Butt Butter. Walk with me, Eric. ♪ ♪ I rue the day that Eric married that man's sister. They are family now. We have to treat him as such. MARGARET: And I do. Oh, there's my girl! Why didn't you tell the audience I designed your outfit? Confidence is silent, honey. Insecurities, well, they're loud. Coming from the woman with sparks shooting out her ass? Baby, that's not insecurity. That's show biz. Mama will give you credit on air Monday morning. - Thank you, Daddy. - Mm-hmm. Don't encourage her. She wants Sunny Club to carry that clothing line of hers. I know, it's her dream, Margaret, and I don't know why we can't just set her up. It isn't wise to give children things - just 'cause they ask for it. - Mm-hmm. (country waltz playing) EUGENE: Oh, honey, I'm sorry. I'm gonna have to go. I'm hopping the jet for D.C. tonight. - Now? - Yeah. I was hoping that you and I would have some time together tonight. SINGER: ♪ Preacher's son but when his daddy... ♪ Just as soon as I get back. ♪ When they gathered 'round and started talking ♪ ♪ That's when Billy... ♪ Mm. ♪ Then he'd look into my eyes ♪ - ♪ Lord knows to my surprise ♪ - (jet engine roaring) ♪ The only one who could ever reach me ♪ EUGENE: Ah! ♪ Was the son of a preacher man ♪ Well, plenty more where that came from, because I am one rich son of a bitch. (woman giggles) - ♪ Lord knows he was ♪ - ♪ Ooh yes he was ♪ (loud rumbling, woman screams) ♪ How well I remember ♪ - (engine churning) - ♪ Taking time to make time ♪ (woman whimpering) ♪ Telling me that he's all mine ♪ Lord have mercy on this sinner. (metal rattling) (woman whimpering) (indistinct radio chatter, women screaming) ♪ Was the son of a preacher man ♪ (upbeat country music) ♪ ♪ (somber music) THOMAS: Death takes the body, God takes the soul, and faith lets us know that we will meet again. ♪ ♪ He was so loved. NEWSCASTER: Memorial services held today for conservative icon Eugene Monreaux. This comes after weeks of searches in the Louisiana marsh failed to recover his body. NEWSCASTER: And right now the nation mourns the loss of the man admired for both his faith and his principles. NEWSCASTER: Meanwhile the face of the network, Margaret Monreaux, hasn't been on air in a month. MAN: Mrs. Monreaux! LUKE: Margaret, did you know any of the women on the plane with your husband? Why would somebody ask such a thing? MAN: Ginger Sweet? You've been served. (LOLO's "Wild") ♪ ♪ SINGER: ♪ Head up nothing gonna take me down ♪ (moans) I'm so hot! - (cow mooing) - Hey, Rach. I have to leave for a few days. You're in charge until I get back. (low, angrily) Okay! (giggles) Oh! (cow moos) MAN: (laughing) Oh, yeah. SINGER: ♪ Let go ♪ ♪ Ain't no wrong get a little bit wild ♪ The worst thing about being deceived is knowing you weren't worth the truth. How long were you gonna keep his will from me? Margaret, I wanted you to get back on air first. So I could continue living a lie? Eugene was lying, not you. No, we were lying to our audience. We were one. His lie is my lie. When I think of all the crap that I put up with to carry on with our mission, keeping this family together, keeping the lid screwed tight on my honey jar while he cheated all along. (breathing heavily) And you knew. And you can't say you didn't. Come on. Give me a break, Margaret. (stammers) I'm sorry I said that. You deserved better from him. And from me. I knew there were one-night stands, but I never dreamed there was a child. (upbeat music) ♪ ♪ Children. ♪ ♪ Keep reading. ♪ ♪ Son of a bitch! (gasps loudly) (Keenan The First' "Mooda Chainz") (both grunting and shouting) (grunting) There a Antonio Rivera here? (grunts) RAPPER: ♪ I been going up Mooda Chainz ♪ ♪ Money got yards, got the range ♪ ♪ Check, watch it go yard on the shakes ♪ Who the hell's Eugene Monreaux? Yeah, it's mostly CBD. It's great for pain management without all the wiggy-wag and anxiety. (chuckles) (knocking at door) Oh, I gotta call you back. SINGER: ♪ It's been so hard to find you ♪ ♪ Now is the hour, sweet and sour ♪ - Jason Conley? - Yeah, sure. You've been served. Thank you. Hey, do you want a beer? - WOMAN: Okay. - Okay, great. Come on in. (jazz music playing) ERIC: Mama, what's the emergency? Why are you smoking? Why are you wearing that glove? I'm not messing up my nails with nicotine stains. I'm a lady who needs a smoke. I'm not a smoker. Come downstairs, Margaret. (exhales sharply) Fine! ♪ ♪ (exhales) Your father, he was a good man, but not a faithful man. He had three children outside this marriage from three different women. - ERIC: What? - ROSE: No. FRANKLIN: While the majority of Eugene's shares will go to your mother, he made a provision that 5% be divided equally between his children, and, well, there are five of you now. - That's not my dad. - Yeah, it kind of was. Yeah. Your daddy would have a few drinks occasionally and become remorseful, and he called me and insists the kids be included and then later he would reinstate the original will - with no extramarital children. - ROSE: Oh, my God. It seems the drinky-poo will was in place at the time of the crash. "Always together makes a family forever." - What a load of crap. - What a hypocrite. Why didn't you stop this? I never knew about the kids! (exhales sharply) He did fess up about that whore in Vegas. I was so mad, we slept in separate bedrooms for six months, and he only got handies for six more. - Oh, Mama! - ERIC: Okay, Mom. This can't be legal, especially if he was drunk. I've dealt with a lot of bastards to get where I am. These three will be no different. Eric, Reverend Thomas mustn't find out about this, or Becky. You want me to lie to my wife? - I'm not Dad. - If they find out, it's over. Well, who the hell are these people? SINGER: ♪ Somebody gotta ♪ ♪ Gotta raise a little hell ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ (Dorothy's "Raise Hell") ♪ Somebody gotta, gotta raise a little hell ♪ ♪ ♪ (kid mumbles) (elevator door dings) - (elevator door dings) - Which floor? - Same. - That's good. - ANTONIO: Bro, do you mind? - Sure. - Knock yourself out, man. - No, dude. Don't smoke that in front of my kid. Of course I'm not the only one. I'm Ginger. Apparently I'm your sister. (quirky music) ♪ ♪ My name is Franklin Lee, in-house counsel, and I'll need your letters and your IDs. ♪ ♪ You must be Ginger, Antonio, and, uh, Jason. Well, who's this little cherub? ANTONIO: This is my son, Jesus. MARGARET: Oh, if only somebody could bottle up the smell of little babies. If anybody could have, it would have been Eugene. Well, all right, then. These are my children, Rose and Eric. Rose? ERIC: I'm the senior VP of operations, at least until the dust settles, and, uh, you know, from my perspective, there's no way I'm giving a single piece of my family company to a hooker... - Hm? - ERIC: A hoodlum, and a drug dealer. Yo, I'm gonna knock your teeth in, homie. This is my humming bird cake. I made it myself this morning especially for y'all. (chuckles) Back up. I'm not a hooker. You're not, huh? Yeah, I pulled up Sin Wagon on my laptop. Nuns, milk maids, farm girls, doing the most despicable, disgusting things. So you subscribe to our premium package? - Jason, you want some tea? - You know what? I'm okay. Oh, she won't stop asking until you say yes. - It's what she does. - I'd love some. MARGARET: Rose. It was, uh, quite a surprise that all of you were in Eugene's will. One which we are prepared to contest, by the way. - There's a... - MARGARET: But in fairness and sensitivity, we are prepared to make an offer. FRANKLIN: Contingent on the results of DNA tests and in signing a non-disclosure agreement, each of you will receive $1 million. MARGARET: I hope you enjoy my cake, after you provide your saliva, of course. I grew up dirt poor knowing Eugene Monreaux was my father. Y'all built this place on the back of a secret I kept for you. I'm not walking away for a million bucks. You're valued at 2.2 billion. And you flew us coach? I'm gonna need to talk this over with my brothers and we'll get back to you. You take all the time you need, but for the financial wellbeing of the company, your discretion is required. We wouldn't want anyone finding this out and nor should you. Well, that's all for now. Please spit. (quirky music) GINGER: In my line of work, I've learned that a desperate person will pay anything. (spits) Thank you for the lovely cake, Mrs. Monreaux. Oh, you're welcome. ♪ ♪ Maybe we should have some sort of relationship with them. I mean, I don't know, if Dad thought - putting them in the... - Can it, Rose. (exhales) THOMAS: How'd that go? How'd what go? You told Becky. ERIC: She's my wife, Mom. Yeah. THOMAS: We have bigger fish to fry. The network is falling apart. The business of the network is none of your concern, Preacher. You are the talent. Well, thank you, Franklin, for acknowledging that. So here's the plan. You need to get back on air. People watch Sunshine for two reasons: you and me. Without you, I suffer. No one should be made to suffer. So you make Eric the CEO. I will serve in official advisory capacity just as Eugene wanted, and you go back to doing what you do best: recipes and advice. (soft dramatic music) Eric, should we grab that lunch? ♪ ♪ (door closes) (jazzy music playing) Margaret really hooked us up. Yeah. LUKE: Place has been energized with fresh faces since the patriarch passed. Excuse me? Luke Taylor, Daily Edge. Reporter? Well, my mother prefers investigative journalist. Rolls off the tongue nice, right? You mind if I ask what business you had today at Monreaux Unlimited? BELLMAN: Sir, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. No press allowed. ♪ ♪ You should call me. ♪ ♪ (upbeat music playing) (food sizzling) GINGER: Dude, they're loaded. What are you talking about? I could train full time and have child care for Jesus. Man, Eugene knew about you and he let you struggle. Look, all I know is one minute I'm broke, sweating my ass off in Queens, and the next minute some white lady is offering me a very delicious piece of cake and a million bucks. I'm good with both those things. And I bet this is the first time in your life that you've got real power. Not strength or muscle, but power. - Don't you see that? - Listen. I'm taking the money. Antonio, I'm asking you to fight. When was the last time people like us came out on top? People like what? ♪ ♪ Is that what you're gonna teach your son? ♪ ♪ What about those DNA tests? Positive, except Jason's sample was contaminated. He's retaking his. I am so proud of you. (upbeat music) ♪ ♪ NORAH: Live from the Sunshine Studios in beautiful New Orleans, ladies and gentlemen, once again, Margaret Monreaux. (cheers and applause) ♪ ♪ MARGARET: Thank you. Thank you all so much for that warm welcome home. One month ago, I lost my beloved husband and best friend. I miss him greatly, and truthfully, I didn't know if I could go on. (somber music) Then I thought of one of Eugene's favorite verses. "Be watchful. "Stand firm in your faith. Act like men. Be strong." (machine beeping) Because of Eugene, because of your faith in our mission, I'm back here today... Because we have work to do in our great country. People like us, people of faith, we are under constant attack, and now more than ever, I realize we must all stay close to our families and keep them safe. That's what Eugene would have wanted, both at home and right here with the family we have in this room. Always together makes a family forever. And family is the most valuable thing in the world. (cheers and applause) And that's why we're not walking away for a million bucks. FRANKLIN: All of the other kids have refused our offer. MARGARET: It's Ginger. (groans) FRANKLIN: Can you blame them for wanting a proper seat at the table? MARGARET: You sound like you're on her side. I'm on my side, Margaret. I love you but I got a lot to lose - if this company goes belly up. - I know that. I got the place in Pebble Beach. You got the loft in SoHo. Now, you know I like my real estate, Margaret. - I said I know. - (dogs barking) Just saying, taking a moment to look at it from her side, okay? That will keep us from being helpless in the negotiation. The only time a Monreaux girl is helpless is when her nails are drying. If Ginger wants a proper seat at the table, - let's give her one. - (horse brays) I think a ladies luncheon would be of great benefit to Miss Sweet. Oh, Madge, darling, - you just look wonderful. - Oh. Did you get the chocolate éclairs that I sent you? They were Eugene's favorite. Oh, dear. Who is that? (sweeping orchestral music) MARGARET: An acquaintance. Excuse me. Of course. ♪ ♪ Margaret, darling. Thank you for the invitation. You should feel stupid right now, 'cause I certainly don't. Why, you wore my color. (Rose chuckles) ♪ ♪ (Rose chuckles) Where did you get that outfit on such short notice? - A friend sent it overnight. - I love it. GINGER: Well, I love what you're wearing. - You make that, too? - ROSE: Uh-huh. I have a whole line planned, but somehow I'm not gaining any traction on it. Excuse me. Good afternoon, ladies, and welcome to our annual ladies luncheon. This year our focus is on the city's mentoring program for girls, or as we prefer to call them, businesswomen of the future. It's been a sad time at the network, so although I previously agreed to speak today, I hope you'll understand and forgive me if I do not, but in my place, I'd like to introduce a woman with a successful company that she built from the ground up. The lovely lady in that charming hoop skirt, Miss Ginger Sweet. (applause) Come on up here, Ginger! (upbeat country music) ♪ ♪ Let's welcome Ginger. ♪ ♪ Why don't you start by telling these young ladies what you do for a living, sweetie. Inspire them. I know how proud you are of what you do. (soft music) ♪ ♪ Well, it seems that Miss Sweet has a bit of stage fright. We've all been there. Why don't we bring up our next speaker and, uh, we'll get this all sorted out? (chuckles) Come on over here, sweetie. There's no place for you in civil society. I'm offering you two million now, which we feel is quite generous, considering you represent no more than ten minutes of my husband's pleasure. ♪ ♪ You take the money and go home. ♪ ♪ Nothing makes me happier than cooking for my boy. - Thanks for coming over. - Aw. Wow. Mm-hmm. No, no, no. None for me. Becky and I are off sugar. It's 100% pure unfiltered maple. It's good for you. It's full of magnesium and zinc and... All right, all right. (chuckles) Why am I here? Well, I've thought about it and I've prayed on it, and I don't think you're ready to take your father's place in the company. Now, the world is watching and we need to take things very slowly for a beat. Slow? No, why slow? The company needs to take action to preserve its future now. Son, this may not feel like a loving statement but... You lack polish. (soft dramatic music) ♪ ♪ Maple syrup is still sugar, Mama. ♪ ♪ You can dress it up all you like. It's still gonna kill you. Dad told the Reverend he wanted me to take over. Why are you denying me? What, doesn't Dad get a say in any of this, or have you already forgotten him? (door opening) ♪ ♪ Come on in, Franklin. Mom's serving up sugar. ♪ ♪ (door closes) Rumors starting to fly about our hotel guests. Might be best to keep them out of public view. We'll bring them out to the camp. Let everybody simmer down for a bit. It's time to replace Eugene. ♪ ♪ For the sake of the family. ♪ ♪ Earl. (dog tag jingling) (dog whining) This is for you, baby. - (TV playing indistinctly) - Eric! NEWSCASTER: For more on this developing story, we take you live to the company's headquarters - at downtown New Orleans... - ERIC: You all right? NEWSCASTER: Where a news conference is happening now. I would like to assure our audience and our shareholders that we are far from a rudderless ship. Monreaux Unlimited will remain in the family in trusted, responsible hands. Effective immediately, the new CEO for Monreaux Unlimited will be Margaret Monreaux. MARGARET: Thank you. - (camera shutters clicking) - Thank you all so much. Your mom's a bitch. MARGARET: I take this responsibility seriously. - Two million? - Wow. - Well done. - I'm not taking it. Why? I can see a loss when it's coming. - (knocking at door) - We're worth more. All of us are worth more. They're trying to erase us. If I'm gonna be erased, it's gonna cost her. Good morning. Mrs. Monreaux has invited you all to stay at her hunting camp. So she can shoot us? ANTONIO: Yo, yo, look. You can stay here if you want, but I'm going. Me, too. I'm not worth more. (dramatic music) (car engine revving) ♪ ♪ (car door opens, closes) ERIC: I can't believe my own mother would take a job from right underneath me! - I went to Wharton! - You about flunked out. ERIC: You think the Reverend's gonna be reassured with you at the helm? You watch that tongue, young man. I created the network, I have the most-watched lifestyle show on TV, and I am your mother. I will not tolerate disrespect. - (helicopter whirring) - ROSE: Hey, Eric. Our sister and brothers are here. They're staying with us. You have lost your damn mind! - (slap smacks) - Oh. ♪ ♪ (exhales sharply) (upbeat music) (door squeaking) MARGARET: Welcome to the camp. Make yourselves at home. Take your shoes off. Oh, these are my Tuesday socks, and it's Friday. Are you sure? You got a point. (laughs) I'll take my hat off, then. Antonio, I got you a babysitter. Pick a room upstairs. Any room. Any room? Ah, thank you. Hey, let me show you around. - Okay. - Come on, okay. So, this is our, like, main... About lunch. What I did was wrong. We're both strong-willed women working through our emotions, and I'd like it if we could start over. You really think I'm stupid, don't you? No, definitely not, Ginger. I've learned never to underestimate Eugene's progeny. Pick a room, Ginger. I'm cooking you all a traditional Cajun dinner tonight. I know you probably have some hard feelings towards Dad... But I think if you'd known him, you would have liked him. - I don't know about that. - Hmm. He was, like, the only person who believed in what I'm trying to do. You mind if I smoke some weed? Just calms the nerves. What do you have to be nervous about? (scoffs) I'm kidding. (laughs) This entire situation would turn anybody into a pot head. SINGER: ♪ Never change, yeah, just always the same ♪ ♪ Whatever ya need ♪ Oh. SINGER: ♪ And all you gotta do is call ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I can't believe I did that. I'd like to clear the air and apologize to you three for how I've conducted myself After much prayer and reflection, I've decided to give each of you 1% of the company. It is what Eugene wanted. All I ask is that you sign NDAs protecting the reputation of the company and our interests in it. 1% comes out to 6 million. Wow. - Thank you. - No. Uh, Ginger, you do realize that she's being really, really nice to us right now? MARGARET: Thank you, Antonio. JASON: Personally, I wanna say I will take your offer and go home and none of you have to see me ever, ever again. I totally promise. GINGER: Given there are five of us including Eric and Rose, I think 5% is a better number. $30 million? And biblically speaking, the number five symbolizes God's grace, goodness, and favor toward humans. It's mentioned 318 times in scripture. The ten commandments contain two sets of five commandments. The first five commandments are related to our treatment and relationship with God, and the last five commandments concern our relationship with others, like me, Antonio, Jason, Eric, and Rose. What do you think, Rose? (soft dramatic music) Is $30 million enough to ghost this joint and start your own fashion house? Yep. ♪ ♪ You are a goddess. Just a complete and total goddess. I wish I was more like you. You're more like me than you know. I see you. I see a girl who spent her whole life making sure her mom was okay before she even thought to have a thought for herself. Tell me about your mom, Ginger. Can you just keep telling me how awesome I am? No prob. (knocking at door) (door opens) Despite what you may think, your father cared deeply about you. You didn't know it, but he followed your business. He didn't like it, but he couldn't help but see a bit of himself in you. He wrote this letter recently. (clears throat) Said he wasn't getting any younger. EUGENE: Dear Ginger, I want you to know that I've thought of you every day. I'm proud of who you are because you're not afraid to be who you are. I've always loved you. I wish I'd been the father you deserved. (upbeat music) ERIC: Come on, church! Put your hands together! Hands together for the Lord! ♪ Trying just to hold on ♪ ♪ While the ground keeps shaking ♪ ♪ But I'm never gonna question who I place my faith in ♪ ♪ No ♪ ♪ No, no, no 'cause He rose ♪ (cheering) (laughs) ♪ Yeah He rose ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Yeah He rose ♪ I love when he sings. Yeah. ♪ ♪ ERIC: ♪ Yeah ♪ - ♪ 'Cause he rose ♪ - Whoo! Hands together for the Lord. He's alive forever. For Tuesday's cooking segment, how about deep fried ham cheese basil sandwiches? The spirit comes into a man's heart when he is in need, and the Spirit says, "Lay it all unto me." Brother Eric, unburden your heart. Thank you, Reverend. Um, yeah, my heart is, uh... My heart's heavy and full of grief for myself and my family, uh, for I fear that we've lost our way. Speak the truth, all right? - God's listening. - Unburden your heart, brother. ERIC: So my father, Eugene, um, the man that... That you all knew and loved... - Oh! - Unbeknownst to us, - he had three... - (grunts) Matthew 26:15 asks, "What are you willing to give me if I deliver Him over to you?" Now, there are a lot of businesses out there who take far more than they give when it comes to deliveries. They say vote with your dollar. Well, I say pray with your dollar. Reverend, can I have a word? I give you Sunny Club. Hello, everybody. Now, Sunny Club is an online fellowship... I see what you're doing. You will lose. You hear me? You put Eric in charge or the world hears the truth. You were preaching inside a double-wide when I found you. I created you. - You don't scare me. - Well, maybe I should. Can you hear me in Hong Kong? From Norway to LA? - Can you hear me in Australia? - (chuckles) The San Francisco Bay? You'll be lucky if they can hear you in Luling, Louisiana after this. You're out of your depth, CEO. You get rid of me, you lose all your precious Sunny Club customers. Who'll be left to buy your toilet paper and your greeting cards? You might even have to sell Butt Butter. MARGARET: Simply sign up... Excuse me. I have a show to do. Praise Cart and behold... - Norah! - They're coming soon. THOMAS: Today's sermon is Luke 8:17. "For nothing is hidden that will not become evident when come to light." Eric? (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ (crowd murmuring) (clears throat) We all have secrets. Don't we? (cell phone ringing) - Hi. - TINA: Hey, baby doll. Rachel and I were just thinking about how much we missed you. - Hi. - How's it going down there? Well, you're not going to believe it, but I am staying at their house in the country. Of course you are. - (sighs) I bet it's huge. - Hey, I wanna talk to her. Honey, when are you gonna come back, huh? Tina, give it. Let me talk to her. TINA: All right, Rachel wants to say something to you. RACHEL: Hey, did you not get my text? Yeah, I just... I haven't had time to... Big Sally poached Sheila and Kitty. I have been at the mall recruiting for, like, four straight days. Hmm? Yeah, I'm listening. Okay, let's just talk about it later. Obviously, you're busy there. - GINGER: I'm sorry, Rach. - Mm. Yeah. You're fine. GINGER: It's just... Don't tell Mom... But... I'm starting to like these people. Eugene wrote me a letter. (soft dramatic music) ♪ ♪ (door opens) ♪ ♪ GINGER: I have a question about my father. Hello, honey. I didn't see you there. I'm a lefty. My mom told me that I got that from Eugene. Is that true? Is everything all right, sweetie? A right-handed person wrote this. ♪ ♪ Eugene didn't feel this way about me, did he? Did you fake this? What kind of person does that? (exhales sharply) I... Uh, I don't know what to say. I don't want your money. Or your disgusting family. You know, maybe someday you'll be as good as you think you are, and just so you know, Eugene spent more than ten minutes with my mother. They were together for a year. ♪ ♪ (zipper zipping) (dramatic country music) Jason and I are taking the deal. Fine. Take their money. Make sure you get it while they still have it. Don't mess this up for me. ♪ ♪ I am struggling, Lord. I am struggling to understand your will for me. Show me the way. I will follow. (baby cooing) ♪ ♪ I'm so sorry. He... he got away from me. ♪ ♪ Um, Miss Monreaux, I, uh... I just wanted to say thanks. For everything. You're gonna change my little boy's life. ♪ ♪ Have you thought about education? You... you have to get on that right now. There are some amazing schools in New Orleans. You should discuss it with his mother. She's not really in the picture. Oh. ANTONIO: Miss Monreaux, I wanted you to know that Ginger's been talking to the press. ♪ ♪ LUKE: Did you get my message? GINGER: Are they ready for me? Yes, full house, but we got a problem. What's the issue? I gave you the exclusive. We had a deal. Yeah, but my boss just made a different one. Ginger, don't go! MARGARET: Ladies and gentlemen, I thank you for coming together on such short notice. In the past few days, it has become abundantly clear that I cannot do this job alone. Congratulations, CEO. (exhales) Now with the passing of Eugene, we lost our CEO, I lost my husband, and Rose and Eric lost their father. But we have gained as well. Unbeknownst to us, Eugene had fathered three other children. (crowd murmuring) And they're here with us today. God, he sees all, and he forgives all. - Eugene. (chuckles) - (mutters) We all know that he had his demons. We all do, and so I forgive him. And Reverend Thomas, he forgives him. Oh, now that's true Christianity. Judge not lest ye be judged. That's what the Reverend told me, and he got us through this. Thank you, Paul. God decides who comes into your life, but your heart must decide who stays, so with the Lord's guidance, I welcome Antonio Rivera, Jason Conley, and Ginger Sweet to ours. (country music) Hey, Jason, where... Where you going? He's a camera-shy cutie. Ginger, get on up here. I know you're not shy. (camera shutter clicks) Did you really think you'd have the upper hand with the press in my town? ♪ ♪ What in Heaven's name is that? ♪ ♪ That's my mother. ♪ ♪ (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ (gasping) Is this Hell? No, Louisiana. ♪ ♪ (upbeat country music) SINGER: ♪ Gold coin ♪ ♪ Stacks on stacks ♪ ♪ Make 'em write that check ♪ ♪ I want hard cash ♪ ♪ Greenback ♪ (sings indistinctly) ♪ Oh, that's a fact ♪ ♪ I got the right class ♪ ♪ Yo, what's her weight ♪ ♪ Rubies, rubies, yin and yang ♪ ♪ Pounds on pounds in Swiss banks ♪ ♪ That's the language that I speak ♪ ♪ Now I lay me down to sleep ♪ ♪ Amen ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 