Filthy Rich: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Filthy Rich 
 s1e4 - Romans 8:30 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Filthy Rich (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Romans 8:30 - full transcript 
 Rose offers the Monreaux home as a safe haven for Ginger and her mother; Tina reveals to Ginger that she knows who the mysterious stalker is; Reverend Paul threatens Margaret, leading her to turn to unlikely allies for help. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Dear Lord, what has happened to the Sunshine Network? It used to be the only faith-friendly channel on television, but now it's devolved into 24/7 trash. Ginger's not just any whore, but an attention whore. Hit it, bitches. Margaret had to devote an entire episode to putting out the fire Ginger started when she showed everyone her religion. Margaret's audience demanded blood, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 so to calm them down, she decided to have all of Eugene's children on Wings of a Dove. Except Eric and I, who had to toil in the heat and mosquitoes and asbestos. Ginger pitched a huge fit because some weirdo is threatening her mom at the motel. He was probably just some perv looking to get off, but you divinely intervened in the form of semi-frozen syrup. And even though the subscriptions shot through the roof after the fiasco, the Sunshine Network investors were not happy. I mean, they see dollar signs, and Margaret ain't sharing. Pray with your dollar. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 When Ginger learned Margaret's investors patronized her slut farm, she had another idea. Record him. Record them all. Powerful men like that have friends everywhere. Margaret wants to take them to the camp to smooth things over. Thank God. Well, thank you... that Eugene can't see this mess that Margaret's created. - Eugene! - What she's done to his network and his good name is just criminal. It's charity. In Jesus' name, we pray. Amen. We have the place all to ourselves. We really appreciate it. It's like a weekend at the spa. So you could just put your bags down anywhere. Jason, if you wanna go upstairs. Oh, yeah. I got that. Oh, thank you. Um, oh, have y'all had breakfast? Do you want coffee or... Is there an alarm system here? Uh, better. We have dogs and guns. So if anyone were to sneak onto the property, we'll... Mom, Rose wouldn't bring you someplace dangerous. Oh, no, no, no. We've had whack job fans before. They're always harmless. Maybe she was right to be paranoid this time. That is your mom? The man outside the motel left this. I don't know how he got it or what it's supposed to mean. Hey, well, I mean, you're safe here. There's no fans. There's... there's no threats. We can all just enjoy ourselves, right? And get to know each other without Mama constantly hovering over... Oh, goodness. Take her off. Did everybody come? Everybody's here? Hey! Hi! - Hey, you... - There is a... Ginger, we have to go. Oh, no, no. It's fine. Mama can never have too many houseguests. It's not her. It's them. - The men. - I've known them all my life. And I knew them before you were born. If they find me here, they'll kill me. I'm going to unlock Eugene's gun closet, so you could have your little duck hunt just as if he were here. Miss that son of a bitch every damn day. Don't make me sad, Don. Not this weekend. And we have a closet of our own, don't we, ladies? I've been waiting all year. Don't make a spectacle of yourself, Veronica. I won't if you don't. Now after dinner, I'm gonna bend your ear about a little piece of business, but not until we've eaten so much we give ourselves a fat attack! Hello, Reverend. Sweetheart. Hello, Becky! Jason, hey. Margaret, Rose invited me out. - Rose is here? - Yeah. I guess we're just missing Ginger. Rose? Rose! We have guests. Bloody Marys and billiards on your left. Breakfast of champions! Becky, will you put this in the kitchen? Set your things down. Join us in the study first. I got a little surprise for you. I'm worried you're sending the wrong message with this whole enchanted weekend thing. You can't take on powerful men directly, Franklin. I'm a black man in Louisiana. I can't relate? These men, they own half my network. I can't afford to alienate them. Now, don't worry. I won't give them an inch of SunnyClub. But I am worried that they gonna come at you some other way. To Eugene. He never passed a church he didn't enter. Or a woman. Rest in peace, you old goat. I hate to speak ill of the dead, but Eugene left behind a crap show and no shovel. I've been down at the Bayou Missions. There are dozens of outstanding violations. Place is falling apart. Your daddy let things go. I'll get a crew over there this week. Thank you. Thank you, Uncle Townes. The 18:20 is family, Eric. Daddy used to talk about the 18:20. You guys like Masons or Shriners? Or something? "For where two or three gather in my name, there am I." Matthew 18:20. We're businessmen who break bread, study scripture, like the early Christians did in small groups, in secret. Let people like your mother put her face out there. See, real power is invisible. Eugene forgot that. But you won't, will you, son? I'm not really sure what you're asking, Uncle Virgil. Well, I hate to say it like this, Eric, but... your father's accident may have been part of God's plan for you. We'd like you to join us. The 18:20 is offering you Eugene's seat at the table. Dear Lord, I am free, but I'm in a prison of my own mind. You said, in the time of salvation, "I will help you. "I will keep you. "And I will appoint you to restore the land, "saying to the prisoners, 'Come out, ' and to those in darkness, 'Show yourself.'" Eugene Monreaux? Why am I in handcuffs? You don't know? I borrowed a few dollars to get back to my family. I was going to pay it back. Oh, that doesn't sound so bad. Maybe there's a mistake. Oh, now anything in there is in the past. I asked for forgiveness. I'm right with God. So that's all it takes? Yes. "Though your sins are like scarlet, "they shall be as white as snow. Though they are like crimson, they shall be as wool." Wool. Wool. I see polyester. Set me free, Lord. - What? - Set me free. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. - Close the door. - Okay. Wow. Rich girls do have nice closets. Oh, this is my workshop. My dad was the only one I ever let in here. You've been hiding all this? This is amazing. This isn't safe. We're cornered in here. Don't worry about my uncles. They are just a passel of blustery good ole boys. I mean, you could wrap them around your little finger. When you're young and beautiful, you think you have power until the day you learn how disposable you are to the people with real power. My mom could really use something to settle her nerves. Of course, yes. I will get a calming vintage. Does this have something to do with the photo that goon left? Who do you think sent that goon? You don't know who we're up against. Men like that rule the world. Wait! Don't I get a phone call? Don't I get a trial? I'm innocent. Excuse me. There's been a mix-up. Look, I'm a man of means, and if you'll just... I'm calling the law. Silly Eugene, I am the law. I've never seen this much food. I always say cook as much as you need and then double it. There's nothing more shameful than having just enough. Well, I grew up mostly on rice and beans and corn flakes. I won't let you go hungry, baby. Food is love, and I've got plenty of both. Rose, it's 11:00 a.m. I dunno. Round up and it's the weekend. Thanks a lot for inviting me to your party, by the way. I could've used a heads up. It's not a timeshare, Rose. Anyway, it's business. What business? She's cutting out friends and family so she can keep everything for herself. Did I say that out loud? Pregnancy brain. I'm sorry. If this is business, why are you here? I'm here as your brother's helpmeet and mother to his blossoming child. Well, I got my own helpmeet right here. I'm leaving now and I'm gonna take the wine. Where is Eric? He's with my brother and the other men in Eugene's study. - Just the men alone? - Mm-hmm. I'll be right back. Bold move naming him Jesus. It's "Hey-Zeus." Tomato/Tomahto. You pick your sacrilege. Did you ever consider going into politics, Eric? Can't say that I have. You've got to follow where God leads. My lieutenant governor was just indicted. I'll be looking for another one. Our group helps promising young men like you all across the country. We helped your father start his network. We'd like to help you with SunnyClub. You should... you should talk to my mother about that. She's in charge. Your mother is great at what she does, don't get me wrong. But the Sunshine Network did not become a $2.2 billion business off cookbook sales. Knock, knock, gentlemen. I thought we agreed no business until after dinner. Eric, sweetie, I forgot the forks and plates. Oh, good boy. Now, what's so important that you neglected to include your favorite CEO? Eric was just updating us on the missions. The missions I gave him. He's doing such a fine job. Hmm, that cake look delicious! Nobody bakes like you do, Margaret. I do more than bake, Townes. Only meant it as a compliment. - Aww. - Mm-hmm. Veronica knows one recipe, and it's takeout. Well, you boys have fun. Paul, a word? Ooh. They want what Eugene promised them, the same stake in SunnyClub that they have in the network. SunnyClub will remain solely in the Monreaux family. We have different definitions of family. If you don't back down, you best prepare for a hostile takeover. What do you have to prove, Margaret? You have a hit TV show. You have millions of adoring fans. Most women your age are kicking back, they're retiring. They're enjoying their children and the grandchildren. Eric's inexperienced. We both know that, Paul. They rather do business with an inexperienced young man than a middle-aged woman. Keep doing your show. Enjoy your family. Don't be prideful. These are really good. With your business savvy, Rose could make a fortune. Who are those men to us? Maybe I'm overreacting. They can't be that bad if they've come this far. Well, if we're hiding from good, upstanding citizens, then I guess that means we're bad. I guess Margaret was right to call us whores on national TV. Don't say that. Then come clean so that I can stop feeling dirty. Okay, I'm bored playing Flowers in the Attic, so I guess I'm gonna go downstairs and... It was a lot of money at the time, okay? - You have to understand that. - Money? They came to Vegas when I was a young showgirl, dancing at the casino. Part of a Christian business leaders convention, which was a joke because they were sloppy drunk and bent on breaking all Ten Commandments. But Eugene was different. Stone-cold sober. He saw me. He was very sweet. At the end of the night, when everyone was gone, the bartender slipped me an envelope with $10,000 cash and a room number. Oh-oh-oh-oh. Mm-mmm! Eugene paid you $10,000 to sleep with him? I wish it was that. I could live with that. No, they put him in a room wired for surveillance. The money was from his friends. They paid me to seduce him while they filmed it. Why? I don't know. 'Cause they wanted something on him? I never dreamed we'd fall in love. That we'd have you. When I got pregnant... They sent a man to see me. The same man you thought was one of Margaret's crazy fans. He said if I told anyone what happened that night, he'd make us disappear. I raised you in the shadows to save your life. Oh, Ginger. I'm so ashamed. Eugene was good until he met me. Hey. Hey. Yo, Becky! You should really have a slice of cake. You look hungry. I don't know what she puts in this. It's like crack. I wouldn't know. I don't do drugs. Me neither. I mean, not anymore. You know, I really wouldn't talk about drugs in front of my baby. They're very impressionable, even in the womb. Oh, hey, sweetie. Have you seen Franklin? Not for awhile. Oh, God. Where can he be? I've looked everywhere. Becky! Getting huge. You can't... you can't be here! I show up for a session, and Rachel tells me you're down here at the farm? What, is she fattening you up for slaughter? She said Jesus can use some fresh air. Fresh air weakens the lungs. That's why we lived under the expressway. Yopi Candalaria, long time no see. Long time no see, Don. Remember my beautiful son, Antonio? Oh, yes. He's quite dapper. - He's a tiger. - Mm. You should give him a fight. He'll make you a fortune. Oh, yeah? Like he made you a fortune? You know, you always did punch above your class, Yopi. Let's go. You're embarrassing me, Ma. You're funny. She's carrying you around like a chihuahua. You expect that man to respect you? I'm not her pet! I'm family! Oh, my God. You like her. You were supposed to fake-like her. You like-like her. She doesn't insult me! She's nice! Rich people can afford to be nice. They've never known how to fight for anything! Just get in, Ma. The meter's running. You'll see how this feels when she comes for Jesus. You better watch your son! Oh, I'm watching him. That's so exciting. You don't sound excited. I am, um, for you. It's just, I guess, if you're going into politics, that means we can't keep talking to each other. Why not? We're friends. We share thoughts and feelings about the things we like. You know, like Jesus and... and stuff. It's just been my experience, in my line of work, that emotional intimacy can sometimes lead to physical intimacy. Rachel, I'm married. That doesn't stop everybody. It didn't stop your dad. Honey, do you have a moment? I need to talk. Hi. My fear is that the reverend will try to make you his errand boy. Mom, the reverend wants me in the governor's mansion. You just sent me to fetch plates. So who's making me their errand boy? Come with me. You weren't hiding from me, were you? No, ma'am. Don't call me "ma'am." It makes me feel so old. Yes, ma'am. Can I tell you something? Okay. I'm very rich. That's great. Hey, Rose! Rose! Oh, hey. Do you mind if I steal him for a second, Aunt Veronica? Only if you promise to give him right back. I'll go fetch us some drinks. She's friendly. She's a slut. She always has been. I don't think she's your type. I don't have a type. Except family. What are you doing out here alone? Have you ever had a terrible secret? One that would destroy lives if it got out? Besides pretending to be my comatose brother? There's something I haven't told you. I was engaged before to the son of one of my uncles. So your cousin. No, they're my fake uncles, Jason. It turned out he was a liar and he was a cheater, and I found out and I called it off just in time. But now I realized he was just following in the footsteps of his father. I mean, what if I had stayed with him? I would be just like Tina or... or Mama or Aunt Veronica. Is that the secret? All of the men that I thought were family are monsters. For all I know, you are too. Uh, can you just leave me alone for a little bit? Oh, I'm so glad I'm caught you boys. Virgil, I want you to use Eugene's gun on your hunt today. I know he would've liked that. It's an honor. Now, I understand that Eugene promised you a piece of SunnyClub, but he also told me it was mine. So, in fairness, I propose a compromise. I will retain full ownership, but cut you in as no-bid contractors. Well, it's a very interesting offer, Margaret. Why don't we go over it later with Franklin? Franklin isn't in this room. I am. How about I buy you out? Aren't you generous, Townes. I just worry that would bust up Veronica's trust fund. What about the 20% of SunnyClub revenues that flow through the charities? Eugene promised us a church-based tax exemption. As you all know, I already promised oversight of the missions to Eric and Eric alone. He is the only truly honorable man I know. Truer words were never spoken. Well, enjoy your hunt. Will you be joining us, Eric? Eric's got a pig to shoot. Now here we are. Are you gonna kill one? No, you are. Welcome to the family. No guns. MMA rules. Jason. That, uh, that big fellow right there. Now just look through the scope, right here, and pull the trigger. Right between the eyes. But he's just chilling, man. He's having some grub. Come on. You eat bacon, right? Where do you think it comes from? Just do it. Well, look at all this fresh meat. Eugene sure had some fine genes. Your drink. A few more minutes and I'd have drunk it for you. Well, thank you, Veronica. Why don't you and me go have those in the house? That's a grand idea. She is married and old enough to be your mother. Now why don't you tell me absolutely everything? You know, uh, maybe you could tell me something. What do you know about Rose's fiancé? Don's son? What... they're a cute couple. He was being groomed for the Supreme Court. Pick up the pace! Where are we? What is this place? Love Farm. This is Virgil Love's prison? Shoot. He's a friend of mine. My family home is just a few miles up this road. I can get this cleared up with a phone call and be back with my family. Maybe they don't want you home. I mean, folk move on when you get locked up. I learned my lesson. That's quick. I stole that money. I wasn't gonna pay it back. Honesty. That's impressive. I lied to my wife, I hurt my children. Keep going. Greed, sloth, coveted my neighbor's wife. I'm... I'm sorry for all of it. My family home is just a few miles up this road here. Now, you call my wife and she'll come get me. How about you make a run for it? - That's a trick. - Free will. You can stay here and do your time or you can try to outrun justice. The choice is up to you. Up to me? Up to you. $200 cab ride there and back, and for what? You get thrown out like yesterday's trash! What happened? Those wealthy bastards with their country weekends. You know where I used to take Antonio on the weekends? I used to take him to Central Park. Con los junkies. Los locos like the normal people. - They're not all bad, Yopi. - Oh, please. Don't... don't tell me that you're falling for their crap too, okay? Stop. I just... I wish I could make those Monreauxes just grovel. You know, I've got a client who's into that sort of thing. - Uh-huh? - Wanna have at him? - Are you serious? - Mm-hmm. - I have to take my clothes off? - Nope. You just have to stop if he says Mardi Gras. It's his safe word. Listen to those boys shoot. It's so much like old times. I keep expecting your daddy to walk out of that cane with a stringer full of ducks. It goes too fast. Mama, there's something that you need to know about Daddy and Tina. Oh, Franklin. He's just so beautiful. You came on a bit strong out there. I couldn't help it. I've waited 25 years to get my hands on my son. Well. He does seem like a good boy. That's because you found him a good family. Didn't anybody ask how you knew where he was? No, Margaret just assumed that I hired a private detective. Not a single day passed that I didn't regret giving him away. Well... Eugene is gone now. Claim him. Townes would divorce me on the spot, or worse, he's send Hagamond Sheen to make me disappear. No, no, Franklin. We need to take this secret to our graves. It's almost time to open the closet. I should've been braver. I should've told Eugene the truth. We could have fought his friends together. Instead I lied and said I didn't love him. I sent him home to Margaret. Tina, I am so, so sorry. Those men are monsters. It's horrible what Eugene and his friends did to you, and I will pray for them and their souls. You're gonna come in here talking about prayer? 'Cause it seems like the bad guys are having a grand old time, and here we are hiding in a closet. You let God do his part and we'll take care of the rest. If these men won't give us a seat at their table, then we'll create our own. A Ladies' Table. And what will we do at this Ladies' Table? Take tea? I think we'll be needing something a little stronger than that. Why don't we find out how wise these three men really are? These men are powerful. So are we if we work together. We can expose their weaknesses, and we can get them out of our lives for good. I am sorry, Margaret. I just don't see how a pinky swear is going to help us. I... I think you should just hear Mama out. - We can help each other. - I don't need help. Your mother does. Tina... I think rehab is the safest place for you right now, physically and emotionally. And I know just the place. It's very private. She's just trying to get rid of you. No. It's time I fought my demons. I can only imagine what you've had to go through. You're a very brave woman. Do you really mean that? I do. Okay, if I'm going to join forces with you, I want something in return. Of course you do. You don't like what I sell. Fine. But I want you to let me be me. Leave my business alone. If you can do that, we can fight together. Long live the Ladies' Table. I've kept them safe another year. Enjoy the one weekend you can wear them without the world's judgment. Have at it, ladies! Oh, darlings! Come to Mama! This is hotter than the backseat of a car in high school! I'd never buy one of these, but my grandmother left me one in her will. - No judgment. - Thank you. Oh, this was Eugene's Mama's. Mmm, I love that one. Where have you been? I was looking all over for you. I went and shot the pig for the barbeque. You know, Jason and Antonio are way nicer than they seem. - They all are. - No, they're not! They're deceitful and cruel and very, very wicked. Yeah, I got some good news today. Hmm? Virgil Love wants to groom me for lieutenant governor. Politics are worldly, Eric. Well, we follow where God leads, right? What are you doing? I'm being intimate with my wife. Sex is for procreation, Eric. I'm already procreated. Mm-hmm. Intimacy strengthens the matrimonial bond. Without it, the Devil might introduce all sorts of crazy thoughts and longings. Mm-mmm! You smell like dead pig, Eric. I'm sorry. Okay, I'm sorry. I... I'm tired. I'm tired. I was watching Jesus. I was watching them watch him, and they just let that child run wild. Okay, baby. Okay. Get some rest. Knock-knock. Oh, thank you. I am starving. Okay, just a few more hours. I'm gonna sneak you out when everybody's asleep. You know this whole Ladies' Table thing? Hmm? You really trust your mother? I do. Yeah. One of you has to trust too. Who's that? Rachel sent a video. I want you to get those Mardi Gras beads. - Mardi Gras! - Do it! Ahora! Eww! Eww! It's coming from inside the house! Uncle Virgil's disgusting! Do you know what this means? It means I have something Margaret doesn't. I came to say good-bye. What? Where are you going? Back to Colorado. I thought about the way that men have treated you, Rose. Your dad and your Supreme Court boyfriend. That was a long-shot. It doesn't matter. You shouldn't be with a liar who's making you live a lie. You deserve better than me, Rose. I love you. I don't wanna be another monster in your life. Do you know how they say you know pornography when you see it? Yeah. Well, I know decency when I see it. And you are the only true thing in my life, Jason. Mark. Mark. I can always go to law school. Oh, I hate lawyers. Well, where have you been all day? I've been looking everywhere for you. Leaving me all alone with these negotiations. Well, I had other business to attend to. Well, you missed my little talk with the 18:20. They tried to pressure me into giving them a piece of SunnyClub. What? Well, why didn't you wait and speak to me first? I couldn't find you. The reverend told me that Eugene promised them an ownership stake, so I negotiated and I made them contractors. Well, that was stupid 'cause you played right into their hands. See, once they're in, we can't get them out. Now Eugene, he may have been unfaithful to you in a million ways, but he was absolutely true to your vision of SunnyClub. He would have died to keep that solely for you. See you in New Orleans. Whoo-hoo! Little pig, little pig, let me come in! Not by the hair of my chinny chin chin! Then I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your house in! Oh, hello, son. Just in time. Come join us, Eric! - We do some singing? - Sure. How about a little "Wayfaring Stranger"? Ah, yes. Yes. Yeah? A-one, a-two... Luke? I got a name for you. Hagamond Sheen. Welcome home, son. Lord... I know that you never give me more than I can handle, but this time... I think you've overestimated my strength. You command us to forgive those who have wronged us not seven, but 70 times seven times. How many more times must I forgive Eugene? There but for the grace of God go I. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 