Filthy Rich: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Filthy Rich 
 s1e3 - Psalm 25:3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Filthy Rich (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Psalm 25:3 - full transcript 
 After Ginger's live baptism causes an uproar among fans, Margaret invites her to appear on "Wings of a Dove"; Jason's lies start to catch up with him; Ginger asks for Margaret's help with a stalker. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Dear Lord, we could really use Your divine intervention, again. Margaret's little press conference backfired like a raggedy old car, so SunnyClub vendors threatened to pull out. Margaret called a family meeting to keep all the kids, bastards included, on brand, which apparently means bribing everyone into subservience. She just put you on staff, bro. Antonio took the deal, of course. Nice suit. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He must really need the money. Rose went to fetch Jason from whatever drug den he was hiding in. He better be careful with that stuff, or he'll wind up in a coma. - Don't worry. - ‐Whoa, what‐‐ You're not gonna wake him up. And Ginger, greedy tramp that she is, refused Margaret's offer... 'Cause I'm that bitch. And moved all of her cyber bimbos into a ratty‐ass motel. So of course Margaret went to the only person who could fix this, my darling brother, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 who offered to baptize Ginger in exchange for putting Eric in charge of the missions. It's a big job, which explains why he's on his laptop all the time. But Ginger turned what was supposed to be a holy sacrament into a wet, dripping billboard for her porn site. I saw her areolas. Cut the feed! I can't imagine what Eugene would say if he saw all this. Still, the controversy got us the subscriptions we needed. Margaret got super jelly of my brother's ratings and decided to book Ginger on her show. Be good for everyone. And that'll be a travesty in the making. Just watch. Lilith, Salome, Jezebel. Scripture tells us of the fallen women who danced with the serpent in the shadow of sin, and yet the hand of God was always there reaching out, calling, "Come to me, my daughter. Repent." Last week, we met another fallen woman, Ms. Ginger Sweet, and just as God offered salvation to the ancients, He reached out to Ms. Sweet through me, His humble vessel, and together we offered her salvation, but she made a mockery of the sacrament! Five minutes, Margaret. Bringing Ginger on the show is gonna hurt the brand. People are really riled up out there. Wings of a Dove isn't about controversy. We can fight controversy, Franklin, or we can embrace it. Jesus teaches us that we must choose the embrace. Jesus? So this has nothing to do with boosting SunnyClub's subscriptions? Ginger's little stunt put some serious numbers on our board. Your brand is hospitality, grace. I don't want you to take the show to a place you can't pull it back from. The Reverend did it. Well, the Reverend is tacky. Now, you have been under a lot of pressure lately. If you can't have grace under pressure, what good is it? I can handle Ginger Sweet. After all, I have my army. Children! You filthy, diseased whore! You kiss your mother with that mouth? Coming through! I'm Betty, your PA for the day. Don't judge all of us by that guy, okay? Margaret's fans are like a big, old family, and every family has their crazy pants sheep, am I right? Okay? All right, come on, let's get her in. There's another way to reach Ms. Sweet, through a mother who follows in the biblical path set by Rebecca, Naomi, and our blessed Mary, someone who will fight for what is right, someone like Margaret Monreaux! Welcome home, Jason. Did you close that ganja factory of yours? ‐Yes, ma'am. ‐Good. You'll join Rose for the mail bag. - What's the mail bag? - Mom selects a handful of viewer letters to read on air. I've been doing it since I was seven. I know you wanted all of your kids on your TV show today, but I‐‐that's not really my jam. Who doesn't want to be on camera? Uh, me. I don't want to be. Jason, today we are reintroducing our family to the world, properly and on our terms. Antonio, I just love the cooking segment that you pitched me. Thanks, Margaret. Antonio and I‐‐ we're gonna blend our cultures. He's gonna make pasteles, and I'm gonna add some NOLA flair. We're gonna show Ginger and our fans that blending our differences can be delicious. You two, you take note. This is what a team player looks like. Why doesn't Eric have to do it? Honey, Eric is stepping in for your father today at the missions. You're trusting Eric with Daddy's projects? ‐Mm‐hmm. ‐That must mean a lot to him. Rose, will you do the mail bag in memory of your daddy? Okay, Mama. Okay. Jesus makes us strong! Just please leave Jason out of it. I promise. I promise. Oh, she's here. Let's help Margaret win this fight! It's a tale as old as time itself, a fallen woman faced with two choices, salvation or damnation, with a mother desperate to convince her to choose correctly. ‐Margaret. ‐Ginger. Up next on Wings of a Dove... Going live in three, two... Live from Sunshine Studios in beautiful New Orleans, this is Wings of a Dove! God, give me strength. Here she is, your host, your friend, Margaret Monreaux. Dear Lord, I'm just a soul whose intentions are good, but I'm alone out here, traveling down a lonesome road. I fear that I've been cast out. This is a test of my perseverance. I've been reflecting lately on the meaning of homecoming. You know that feeling when you go away for a while and you come back and find a deeper appreciation for what you have? Welcome to the DewDrop BuyBox, Double‐D, Double‐B. I'll be there soon. After taxes, eight hours of minimum wage will get you half a bus ticket. As you all know, the good Lord‐‐ he recently expanded my family circle. Let me introduce them. This is my Antonio. Oh, looking after his son, single father, despite never knowing his own. And now sweet Jason. Oh, that's not Jason. That's Colorado. Don't we have a picture of Jason? She's pissed I backed out. She takes her show really seriously. It's like her church. He was gonna read the viewer mail with Rose, but he got a little case of stage fright. Happens to us all. Not me. If I go on TV, folks back home might see and know it's me, you know? Yeah, I‐‐I know. Shame is just the good Lord's way of reminding us that someone is always watching‐‐always. After all... This is not cool. That's, like, way not cool. Or two, or three. Which brings me to Ginger Sweet. A woman you've already seen a little too much of. They're booing her. I know, I know, I know, but it goes without saying, Ginger, she needs saving. ‐ ‐But here at Wings of a Dove, we're about hospitality, and Ginger, she's our guest. Hey, Ginger. Have you got any advice for me? Oh, just to be careful. Mama has this way of turning everything to her advantage. Plus, she has the audience on her side. I have an audience too, and it's growing every day thanks to the Sunshine Network. Every time she and the Rev say my name, my profits go up tenfold. It's easy to talk big when you're in the wings, but wait until you're out there. The first time I was on the show, I was maybe, like, five, and I reached for a cookie before she cued me, and she slapped my hand so hard, it stung for a week. ‐Margaret's a bully. ‐The show has just begun. It's about time someone slapped her back. Welcome back, everyone! As you all know, in just under four short months, we're launching SunnyClub, our online shopping division, and if you become a subscriber today, you will get your free bottle of my signature scent, Proverbs 31. Friends, look under your seats. It's made right here in Louisiana. You get a Proverb. You all get a Proverb. It's the smell of God's perfect Christian woman. Who are the Mafioso? Mafioso? Oh, those are my uncles. Uh, by uncles I mean those are my dad's old friends, so they're not family, but, you know, they're family. That guy's Don Bouchard. Mm‐hmm. Mom will never believe this. Gentlemen, Governor. Franklin. To what do we owe the pleasure? I thought our shareholders might enjoy the big show. Well, nice of you to make the special effort when you could just watch us on TV. Well, as much as our friends are impressed by the rise in subscriptions thanks to Ginger's appearance on my show, they are concerned by the change in leadership. They've come to offer their help. In what way? They're prepared to assume a significant stake in SunnyClub. Silent partners, of course. We are fully funded, though we certainly appreciate you. Mr. Bouchard, Antonio Rivera. You made the MMA world what it is, and without you, I wouldn't be who I am. I'd love to show you what I can do someday. Yopi Candelaria's boy. Mm. You‐‐you knew my mom? Everyone knew Yopi. Reverend, maybe you could take these fine gentlemen to their seat. Certainly. Yo, that guy is everything in the MMA world. Those men are everything everywhere. Be wise, kid. Steer clear. And we're back in three, two... ...God's great creation. My friends, in just a minute, we'll go live with Eric at the Bayou Housing, but first let's hear it for the Royal Boys Choir. Why are our investors here? It seems your naming yourself CEO has rattled them. Our silent partners aren't staying silent. My guess is, the Reverend brought them here to show that you're not up to the job. Or someone else is. - ‐You healed all these people? - I didn't. God did. How did you get backstage? I'm a friend of Franklin Lee. So the pilot of Eugene Monreaux's private plane's on here. Ten years ago, we laid our hands on him, and Lord took his cancer away. You know, I saw you usher in Governor Love and a bunch of fat cats. What's your relation to them? I'm their spiritual advisor. Men that powerful take advice? You'd be surprised. The higher they climb, the more they want to be humbled. Off the record, of course. Eugene Monreaux was keeping a lot of secrets. If those secrets came out before the launch of SunnyClub, his investors would be nervous. His secrets still came out. Testing, testing, one, two, three, one, two‐‐good? My dad brought me here when I was little. It was nothing but barren land and hope. My dad brought God to the Bayou. It's amazing. Look what he built. Yeah, he was a very great man, Eric, but couldn't we have done this segment in the studio, where it's air conditioned? You okay? You look tired. Margaret gave the prime spot to that sacrilegious slut Ginger. ‐Come on. ‐She's doing a segment about family, and I'm the only one in the family way. All right, guys, we're cutting back to you... You good? And now, let's see your mission money at work. Take it away, Eric! ‐Hey, Mama. ‐Hi, sweetie. ‐Becky and I are out here‐‐ ‐On a very warm, very sunny New Orleans afternoon. Yeah, it's a‐‐ it's a scorcher, Mama, but there's no place that we'd rather be, because we are breaking ground on a brand‐new community center. You know, it's very humbling, 'cause what was it, 20 years ago? In the wake of Hurricane Thelma, Dad‐‐ he had a vision of rebirth. Fake‐ass turkey. Dig. Eric, dig. - All right. - Hold that for me. - ‐Thank you. - Back to you, Mama. Margaret has put Eric in charge of the charity missions. How could she be so naive? More like how could you keep her that way? It's not charitable to lie to people. Ugh, another one of Margaret's holy roller weirdos - ‐is lurking in the parking lot. - No way. Where? Come on. Check it out. He's just sitting there, staring. He's not moving. Ugh, it's weird. He's here for me. Hmm? Everybody inside. ‐Get inside now! ‐ Welcome back, everyone. I just love a handwritten letter, don't you? It takes longer, but it means so much more. I so enjoy our mother‐daughter time, getting to read letters that our viewers have written longhand. Well, reach on in there, Rose, and pull out a goodie. "Dear Margaret, what you're doing by offering "Ginger Sweet salvation is warrior‐esque. Love you, Vicki from San Luis Obispo." Oh, I am truly touched by that, Vicki. You sound like a great mama bear. "Dear Margaret, Rose is my favorite." Aww. ‐Oh. "I have a great, big crush on her. Sincerely, Mark from Colorado." Oh, well, isn't that sweet? Aww. She's glowing. ‐She's in love. ‐How do you know? - ‐A mother knows. - If his penmanship is anything to go off of, you got a real catch. I think we have time for one more. Rose, what is it? I'm not reading this. You do it. "Dear Margaret, Ginger Sweet will burn in hell. The wages of sin are... death." Well, that's a bit much. Ginger Sweet's a filthy slut whore! ‐ ‐MARGARET: Please! Please, let's just all stay calm. Ginger Sweet, she's aroused some strong feelings, but we‐‐together, we can get through this. Isn't that right, sweetie? Now we're gonna take a little break and come right back. - ‐Thanks, Rose. - Hey, little girl, that was very rude, what you did back there. I'm out here doing good deeds, and you're heckling me. Where are your parents? Earning bank to get us out of here. The river's coming up again. Y'all sent it for Christmas. Has it been on a diet since then? Next year, just send us the guts. My next guest has taught me the healing power of the blended family. Please give a big old SunnyClub welcome to my stepson Antonio. Oh, where's your shirt? Antonio. You can't cook dressed like that. Well, I want to share something I love more than food. Oh, haven't we had enough fighting for one day? See, martial arts isn't really about the fight. It's about defusing situations before they get too hot. Well, I think that's a useful lesson any day. You want to show me? Okay. Where do you want me to stand? Real pros always stay in control, so stay perfectly still, Margaret. Okay. ‐ ‐ Oh, boy. Are you ready to take it up a notch? I'm ready. What is he doing? He's supposed to be playing nice. He's gonna break her nose. I didn't flinch once. Can you believe that? Give it up for my boy Antonio. Your boy? He's a star. He's my star. I'm so sorry. I mean, she played us both. Well, the stupid thing is, I always dreamed of being on this show, out there with you and Eric... With my kinder and cleaner mom, and now I finally got my chance, and everyone hates me, well, except you. They don't hate you. They hate the character Mom and the Reverend created. Look, just go out there and speak your truth. Be braver than the rest of us. Another one of Margaret's stalkers has your mom totally freaked out. Did you call the cops? No, your mom won't let me. Is everything okay? ‐You're next. ‐I have to go. You can't leave. Hey! Crap. Being a mother‐‐ oh, it's hard work. Some days, you just want to tear your hair out, but my next guest... Abort. Margaret, abort. Ginger is AWOL. Ginger is AWOL. Pivot to the choir. Pivot to the choir. Makes me want to tear my hair out with joy. Please welcome back for an encore, the Royal Boys Choir! Why are you out there? Our show is live. One of your creepy fans is outside the motel, and my girls are too scared to go outside. I got this. I'll head over now. Thank you. Are you happy with yourself? You've spent your show whipping them up against me. Ginger, you can't blame our audience for being upset after your wet T‐shirt stunt. I blame you for riling them up. I blame them for acting on it, but you for not stopping them. We'll stop this together. Now? Right now? Yes, yeah, good. Before we move on, I have something to say. At this very moment, Ginger Sweet's mother is being threatened. Now, sometimes good people‐‐ they get carried away, but here at the Sunshine Network, we remain a family. Violence... that's never the answer. When we are disrespected, we turn the other cheek. I never should have let her go on TV. It's not safe. Now, Ginger and I‐‐ we are gonna talk through our differences, like mother and daughter. Ginger, will you work with me on this? Ginger Sweet after the break. You don't want to miss it. You got my letter. That was reckless. You used your real name. Sorry. I just really like you, and I can't tell anyone. Just, I want to be careful. I already lost my dad. I don't want to lose you too. ‐The man is gone. ‐Mm‐hmm. Everybody's okay, so you focus your energy, okay? ‐Mm‐hmm. ‐Okay. Hello, everybody. Thank you, darling. You're welcome, Margaret. You just be yourself, sweetie. Eric? Eric, wait. My mother is raising money off buildings that should be condemned. We need to take care of this. No, you need to take care of this. You just got this job, and you're already running back to Mommy? I'm not running back to‐‐ okay, I mean, I was running, like, physically, but I'm not‐‐ If you need counsel, go sit with my brother. Leave your mother out of this. If Daddy were here, I would lean on him for advice, but‐‐ If your daddy were here, you wouldn't have this job. Man up. And we're back with Ginger Sweet. Now, Ginger, Ginger, I know we've had a lot of salty words swirling around for the last few days since your, uh, baptism. And you and the Reverend have certainly fanned the flames. I'm not a firefighter. I'm just a concerned mother, and I want this to be a teachable moment for everyone, because I believe that there are very good people on both sides of this situation. ‐ ‐Why are you laughing, sweetie? ‐By all means, carry on. ‐Okay. Well, I want to start off by saying I don't think you're a bad person. ‐Thank you. ‐But what you did‐‐ well, that hurt me. That hurt a lot of people. You turned our holiest sacrament into a wet T‐shirt contest, and I'm just wondering, do you think that the 2.5 billion people who believe in Christ are dumb? ‐No, I don't. ‐Oh. I believe in Christ, but is there no room in this dialogue for contrary, provocative thought? Oh, is that what you were doing, provoking an intellectually stimulating dialogue? Well, that's why you invited me here, isn't it? For a teachable moment. I am just trying to help you understand your actions‐‐ they have consequences. Oh. So the stalkers, the hate mail, the spitting‐‐I asked for it? Really shoring up those feminist bona fides there, Margaret. Is it feminist to sell your body on the Internet? Yes. My body belongs to me. I say what happens to it. I say what I do with it. So every prostitute is a feminist? Hmm. I didn't say that, and please don't infer that I am a prostitute, not that there is anything wrong with that. There have been sacred prostitutes since the beginning of time; Ishtar, Aphrodite. People understood that bodies were to be celebrated. Psalm 25:3, "No one who hopes in you "will ever be put to shame, but shame will come on those who are treacherous without cause." The "you" in that scripture is God, not Ginger Sweet. Well, what's the difference if we both bring people to ecstasy? Oh, you're really playing with fire. Oh, I haven't even lit the match. Men come to us desperate for connection, and we honor their trust. We provide what they're clearly not getting at home. Well, providing for a man‐‐ that's a lot more than just stripping off your clothes. Isn't that right, ladies? Well, if you had provided for Eugene, he wouldn't have had to step out with my mother in Las Vegas. Hi, Mom, if you're watching. And don't fool yourself, Margaret. It wasn't just sex. Eugene loved her. He came to her for salvation, and she gave him what you couldn't. Well, do you have anything to say? Do I have anything to say? For years, I kept my mouth shut as Eugene cheated on me with one woman after another. I knew, and I stayed silent to protect my family, but how dare you compare adultery to salvation? Women like you‐‐you're selfish. You don't give a second thought to who or what you destroy. I built a life with Eugene, a business, a family, and then some tawdry showgirl sees what I've built and comes for it? Hmm, you can call that providing if you want to, but when that temporary thrill of new and shiny wears off, men like Eugene‐‐ they come home with their tail between their legs, and do you know why? Because unlike you, we protect them from their worst natures. We make them feel decent and good, while you, you plunge them into guilt and shame. After every affair, Eugene came home to me! And I took him back because I swore an oath before God until death do us part. So if that means being publicly humiliated and having to give airtime to some pornographic sass mouth, well, so be it. God tests women like me with women like you, and even if I want to rake my nails across that gorgeous harlot face of yours, well, I won't, because Eugene‐‐he might have taken everything away from me, but I still have my dignity, you cheap, trashy, sanctimonious little slut! Well, do you have anything to say? Margaret? Well, we'll be right back. Don't you go away. Right here with Ginger Sweet. Well done, you. Well done. Come back. Have you been down to the missions? They are falling apart. They were Eugene's responsibility. Sunny Missions is basically a slumlord. That's bad news ahead of the launch. That's bad news anytime. That's not who we are. Of course. Our friends here, they're contractors over there. We'll catch them up after the show. Oh, hey, Uncle Virgil, Townes, Don. Paul told us you were the right man for the job. Good work, son. Don't disappoint us like your father did. You're the guy now. Take a walk. You used my name to get backstage, and I didn't say you could be here. I figured if Ginger was gonna try and slay the dragon, some news was bound to shake loose. You abused our friendship. Look, here's what I know. Eric is married to the sister of Reverend Paul Thomas, who seems to know a lot more about Eugene's secret love children than he's ready to say. Oh, and when you pulled me away, Eric and your rev were whispering with some of the most powerful men in Louisiana. What am I missing? "Where two or three have gathered in my name, there am I with them," Matthew 18:20. Scripture? I asked you a question. And I just threw you the bone I promised. Bye. Can I get you anything, a water? ‐I'm fine. ‐Excuse me. ‐Who are you? ‐She's your PA. I've never seen her before in my life. - ‐I love you, Margaret. - And we're back in three, two... Rot in hell, you sinner! I'm‐‐I'm so sorry. Norah? Can‐‐can we go to commercial, Norah? No. I want everyone to see this. Oh, no, no, we need to get you cleaned up, sweetie. I watched your show every day growing up! I learned how to cook from you, how to read scripture! I dreamed of meeting you one day, of being on this stage! This is not the way it was supposed to go. You have to believe me. Oh, I almost believe you, Margaret. Thanks for the homecoming. - ‐Roll the promo now. - Roll the promo. Roll it now. Matthew 26:15 asks, "What are you willing to give me if I..." Margaret? Are you okay? I've never seen anything like that before. I don't even know what happened. Bring me my stool. She's only brought out the stool twice before, once after 9/11, and the other when the Supreme Court affirmed gay marriage. What you just witnessed was disturbing. I feel terrible for the public humiliation that Ginger was subjected to. As a mother, I aspire daily to guide and protect my family, and I accomplished neither of those goals today. I know that you're angry about what Ginger said about me and Christianity, and in turn, I know Ginger's angered by the way she and her mother have been treated, and so I ask the Lord, where do we go from here? Do we continue to threaten one another, give up on one another? No. We Christians‐‐ like good carpenters, we build a bridge of forgiveness. We don't mock. We don't tempt. We invest. Now, here at the Sunshine Network, we invest in ourselves and in the Ginger Sweets of this world, as others have invested in us, good people like Governor Virgil Love, Don Bouchard, and Townes Dockerty. Norah, can we swing a camera on these fine people in the front row? Camera five, swing to the front row. ‐Take camera five. ‐When Eugene‐‐ stop me if you've heard this. When Eugene and I, when we were at a little public access channel in Natchitoches, those three gentlemen right there, they‐‐they saw something special, and they gave us our shot. I know the fat one. He like to wear heels. We've gotta get the hell out of town. And Ginger, we may not have saved you today, but we will continue to invest because we believe in redemption, and if you want proof, you gotta look no further than your brother Jason. Jason, are you here? Please stand up, honey. Camera two, find Jason. Take camera two. A few weeks ago, Jason‐‐are you ready for this? He was a drug dealer. I know. He was living in a trailer in Colorado, and look at him now, saved and safe in the bosom of our family because, again, you got it, we invested. I see you, Jason. The whole world sees you. Dude, that's Mark. ‐Mark? ‐Dude, I'm telling you. Dude. So invest in SunnyClub today, and we together, we will win Ginger Sweet back to Christ. Now, we're gonna be here tomorrow and the day after tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that and the day after that. We will be investing in one another. May we all rise in God's glory. Eugene. Have mercy on me. It's‐‐it's charity. Oh, that's just old‐fashioned thieving, son. Let's go. Thank you! Walk, Eugene. Just keep walking. You all run along. I'll see you tomorrow! Seeing you do our thing with her... it really hurt my heart, you know? He was there, Mami. Don Bouchard himself. I had to make an impression. Ms. Sweet? I'm sorry for what happened to you. There's my ride. Hot priest. ‐He's a reverend. ‐There's a difference? Hey, that guy from the parking lot... He left this for you. Is that your mom? ‐How is she? ‐She's fine, but get this. Those guys in Margaret's audience, her friends? The girls knew them. They're customers. The next time one of them signs in, record him. Record them all. But that's not us. Our clients trust us. Who doesn't want to be on camera? It's the one thing Jason asked you not to do, and you couldn't help yourself. I mean, you promised. I'm just doing the best I can. The best for who? What‐‐that crap you pulled with Ginger out there, it may sell SunnyClub subscriptions, but I thought it was disgusting, and the whole woman‐on‐woman catfight thing, Mom, it's‐‐it's just‐‐ it's so tired. Well, I'm tired too, Rose. I'm tired of working my ass off so that my daughters, now suddenly plural, have the privilege of constantly telling me how much I disappoint them. Well, at least we can agree on that. I am disappointed. Gentlemen, the houses are collapsing. Water's undrinkable. People are in need, and we'll be there. To charity. To charity. I left a message. Good. I know you fellas are worried, but as long as the ladies are fighting, the right hand won't know what the left is doing. ‐ ‐Cheers. I started my new job today. Oh. How did it go? I'm gonna make a lot of lives better. How about you start with me? Let me see you. It's you. You're the guy. I'm the guy. Your boys won't give up on a piece of SunnyClub, particularly after today's show. Subscriptions are selling through the roof. I'll bring them out to the camp. I'll use a little Ponchatoula honey to gently decline their investment. Biscuits and honey might not satisfy them. I do have other recipes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 