Tidying Up with Marie Kondo: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Tidying Up with Marie Kondo 
 s1e5 - From Students to Improvements - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Tidying Up with Marie Kondo (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - From Students to Improvements - full transcript 
 Two writers work together to reduce their library, sort through sentimental items and get their cords and electronic gadgets under control. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 -Ah! - She looks excited! I'm so excited because I love mess. It's a never ending battle to fight the clutter. -Oh! I want things to be more simple. I don't know how to fix it. With the baby coming, it's gonna be more chaos. Oh, my God! We have too much stuff! Hello, I'm Marie Kondo. My mission is to spark joy in the world through cleaning. Ching! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Best-selling author and world-renowned tidying expert Marie Kondo is dedicated to inspiring the world to choose joy with the KonMari Method. The KonMari Method is unique because I organize by category, rather than by location. In the KonMari Method, we tidy five categories in a specific order. First, is clothing. I can't reach. Next, is books. Giving them a little shake and wake them up. Then, paper. I can't do the papers. The largest category is komono. Komono is kitchen, bathroom, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and garage. Everything miscellaneous. Finally, sentimental items. It's kinda hard to let it go, 'cause I really like this one. This is kinda hard. I don't want to just, you know, dump it. But I want to be thoughtful about it. From the moment she set foot in our house, she had this presence to her. She wants to see this place turned around. Marie brought a whole bunch of joy upon our home. This is amazing. You're so cute! I love you! You're so cute. I love you, too. These are, like, happy, happy tears. Thank you for what you've brought to our home, really. You didn't see me wash my hands before, but I want you to know I washed my hands before. - Okay. Good. -Okay. In case you were worried about that. Hi, my name's Frank, and I have lived in this happy home for a little over two years now. My name is Matt and I have lived here a little over three years. Oh, so it's not a happy home for you. Okay. Alright. Cool. Thanks! I can never find the spice that I want, ever. Do you have any idea what artichokes look like when they're done? They're just tender. I don't know what they look like. We are a classic love story. We opened an app and swiped right. -Mm-hmm. -And that's, uh, how we met. And Matt moved fast. It was like, "Let's go on a date," and I'm like, "Okay, sure." We went to this bar near my house and Matt goes to the bathroom, he comes back and I'm like, "Oh, do you want a second drink?" He just grabbed my face and kisses me, and I was like, "Okay, okay." So we go back to my place on Friday night. Matt does not leave until Monday morning. We keep canceling everything we have so we can hang out with each other. So, at the end of this 62-hour date, we have said, "I love you," and said that we want to be in a relationship and stay together forever. For those keeping score at home, this was after three dates and a week and a half of dating. We're still here three years later, so... - So, I talked to my mom... - Mm-hmm? But what do we have to do before they get here? Um... I don't know, just make the place look presentable would be nice. -That's a good start. My parents have not visited me in California since I moved here, actually, five years ago. I love my family, but I'm also really nervous for them to come visit because... if you were to walk through our home, you'd think that college students live here. We very rarely make the bed. Between us, we accumulate a lot of stuff. I feel like both of us have things from our college days that are in our closets. Yours I'm more worried about. Yours has melted cough drops on the floor. Oh! That one came up. That's good. -Busted! -Busted! I'm proud of our place, but it definitely can use that extra oomph. It's just not quite there. And, I yeah... And I want it to be before your parents get here. Our home is a reflection of our relationship. So if our home isn't in harmony, I feel like they might worry that this might be just temporary. -So... -Yeah, I could see that. It'd be nice if it looked nice for them, for sure. My parents, they've met Matt, they love him, but just to see that, like, the life we've created together is something to be, like, admired. I think if they take our home seriously, they'll be taking our relationship seriously, and that's what we want, to make sure they know this is... We're gonna be here for a while and we're gonna be together forever. Tidying not only changes your home or life, but it also allows you to create a space that suits your ideal self. Frank and Matt are a young couple wanting to live a more mature lifestyle. I am so happy to be able to support them during their transition into adulthood. -Hello. -Hi. Nice to meet you! -Very nice to meet you. -Hi, I'm Iida, Miss Marie's interpreter -Sure, nice to meet you. -Hi, nice to meet you. -I'm Frank, this is Matt. -Ah! -Hello! -Hi. -It's very clean in here. -Thank you. -Thank you. -We wanted it to look clean for you. So I'd love to get a little bit of a tour of your space. -Of course. -That'd be great. So, this is our living room. We, uh, watch a lot of TV. -We have all our board games here. Yeah, and some pictures, postcards, and stuff. Some books and we also have all our DVDs are here... -...on those shelves with some books. Every space I've ever had, my parents referred to as a college dorm. And so I don't know that I've given them every reason to, like, respect me as an adult. That's why I really want the place to... look like someplace they can trust me as an adult to live in. And I want them to see, like, we've got a handle on it. -Mm-hmm. -We're good, you raised us right. Well, me, they didn't raise you. But, yeah. I write at the desk a lot. I'm a writer, too, so I usually, will be just working here. This is my sort of station here. What kind of writer are you? I'm a TV comedy writer. Do you guys work together? You're-- As a pair? -Yeah. No. No. I don't know if we want to put that tension on our relationship. -Still very neat here. Oh, no. It'll get worse. It'll get worse. Okay. Well, before you decide that, um, so we only have one closet in our bedroom, so my closet's right here. Yeah. Take a look. Please, go right ahead. -Ah! Yeah. Feel free. There isn't... Seems to be a lot of things stuffed deep in there. -There's a world in there, yeah. - Wow, it's so deep. -Yeah. I see there's a place to hang clothes all the way in the back. - Yep, that there is. -Oh, wow! Okay. Oh, wow. Look how deep it goes. Yeah. Oh, my goodness! In terms of storage space, this is very nice. So most of your clothes, Frank, are in here? In the room there is still a dresser where I have, like, a lot of other stuff. -Okay, the rest of the the… -Sure, yeah. So, next, we have the kitchen in here. Our pantry is open, so you can kind of see the chaos. This is where we keep our dishes. I see a little bit of clutter now. Okay. Okay. I think the kitchen might be our most disorganized area. -For sure. -Yeah. We'd accumulated stuff over the years because we had roommates come and go and some people just left their stuff. I hate the kitchen. I get out of the kitchen as fast as possible. -And he loves food, so that's actually... -So that's-- that's been hard. Somebody who loves food to just grab it and go. He just runs into the kitchen and grabs the snack and runs out. Yeah, you'd think there were an egg timer, and the floor would collapse in a certain amount of time. -Yeah. -Yeah. - I'm already getting a vision... ...of how better its going to be. So, I'm getting very excited. And then straight ahead is the bedroom. These are Frank's drawers here. They're all very stuffed full. Uh, pants. And also there used to be lots of documents in here that I just got rid. It was worse, if you can believe it. -Ah! What about this? - Closet. It's pretty bad. - Closet. - So, how is this separated? -Well, this is just mine. I'm the baby of my family, so I think I've always been given a little bit of slack when it comes to, like, chores. Definitely kept a messy room. I rarely made my bed, which might be part of the reason why I am so cluttered right now. I didn't really learn those good habits. But I've been the baby long enough and I kind of need to move onto that next stage. Although those socks are mine that you're seeing right in front of you. Ah! So, Frank, do you always reach in here and get your socks? This is new. I used to have them in here, but-- It was an attempt to de-clutter this, but it, uh... yeah. Growing up, whenever my mom asked me to clean, I would just shove a bunch of paper in my desk and be like, "It's clean." And that's sort of what we've done with our closets. They're overflowing. There is some closets we haven't looked at for a long time. I'm organized in some aspects of my life, like professionally. my email inbox is organized. I'm great. And I just, like, get frustrated with myself that I haven't translated that into into my home life. It feels like I give it all at work and I come home and I'm like-- First thing I wanted to ask was why the two of you felt that you wanted to go on this tidying journey with me? I think that we both have felt that it's a little bit dorm-like, it's a little bit adolescent. And I think in particular is you saw we're good at hiding things that aren't organized, so to the outside world people walk in, and say, "What's wrong with it? But, like, we know what we aren't liking. Has your friends or family often visit here? My parents have come around a couple of times, but your parents haven't visited at all. They are coming next month, so it's especially important to me to, like, make the home someplace that they feel, uh, welcome as guests and not just as parents who have to, like, reorganize or clean or anything. I want them to just to be here, have a nice experience, and then go back to where they came from. I don't feel actively judged by my parents, but that being said, I do feel like I have thrown them a few curve balls. I didn't go to medical school. I am in a gay relationship and... um... I don't know why I'm getting worked up about this. They're very loving people, but, uh,... you know, I don't know that I've always, uh... It's probably just in me again feeling like I haven't always made them proud. I'm sure every kid goes through that, being like, "Oh, have I, like, justified my parents having me and all the expenses." But, yeah, I want them to see this home and feel really like, "We did everything we could for this kid and he's really taken on everything we taught him and... we love him." It'd mean a lot for them to really be... ...come in here and see all that that I'm feeling about this place. I-- And that's a lot of a meaning to attribute to a home, but... it has that for me. Before we start, I want to first introduce myself to the home. If that's okay. This is a ritual that I do before we begin. I think this will do. So, while I introduce myself, I would love for you to picture your vision for your home. Okay. Very good. Very good. Thank you so much. How did you feel communicating with the home? I think more so than anything when I was concentrating, there was, like, a feeling I had of, like, just joy of, like, people walking through, me being happy with how it was, us being happy. It's like I want to get that feeling. It's very important to have a vision and to communicate the vision to your home. It allows the rest of the process to go much more smoothly. So, ready? -Yeah. -As ready as we're gonna be. Just around here. Just keep it together as much as possible. -Yeah. - Almost done. -Okay. That's it. - Very good. Well done! What do you think looking at all the clothes that you own? There's so many I don't wear or need. Definitely looks like a lot more when I see it piled in one place. So what we'll be doing is you'll be going through all of your clothes one by one and selecting only the clothes that spark joy for you. What does "spark joy" mean for you? Oh, for me "spark joy" is all about how my body reacts. So when you hold an item in your hands that sparks joy for you, this is how your body should react. -Ching! -Do you understand? -Yeah. Yeah. The cute sound that she made that I'm not gonna translate. Is there anything that you see in here that clearly sparks joy for you? -Yes, definitely. - Let's try touching that. That is really cute. You also should envision as you go through the selection process. Like, what do you see yourself wearing that will make you feel more mature and grown-up? So before I visit next time, please finish, complete all of your clothes. This feels like kinda like the last step to get us to being adults. And I think we just need that last push. Like, that push out of the nest that the mama bird does. Hopefully Marie can be our mama bird. I've actually watched Planet Earth, that doesn't actually happen. No bird pushes their children out the nest. -You're ruining my metaphor. -I am, but... but the point stands, uh, yeah. We need a last bit of energy and we're gonna get it here. Uh-huh. -Thank you so much, guys. -Thank you. Bye. -See you soon. Bye. -See you soon. Do I like this? Eh... Thank you. See, I feel like I have more socks, even in my yes collection than you. I didn't throw out that many, though, in all honestly. I just guess I don't have as many. I'm having trouble connecting to the idea of items of clothing sparking joy. See, so far this is everything I'm keeping here. I've felt joy from all of it. I definitely was an over achiever at school. Gotten As and I've always grasped concepts really quickly. Didn't have to study like a super ton. So when I'm not getting the concept right away, it's kind of like a disconnect of, like... Like, I'm usually good at this, what am I-- what am I doing wrong? I have a few items that really, like, speak to me, but then I have a lot that don't speak negatively, but don't speak positively. I feel like are in-- in the in-between. My policy for that is sort of like if the answer isn't yes, it's no. I know. That's what it should be. What I've noticed is the stuff that sparks joy, like, I honestly have that like, "Oh!" reaction that Marie was talking about. I do have it with some of my clothes, but not... a lot, and that's why I'm not filtering as well as you, probably. I'm not really listening to myself. I'm not always emotionally available. I'm not the most emotional person. Ever since I've been little I've been shy and, like, I've had a few close friends that I'm really close with, but then everyone else, not so much. Sometimes I can seem cold and a little bit distant to people, so kind of just opening up as the process goes along would be a good first stepping stone to that. I think I need to... re-focus. I think I've gotten a little too-- a little bogged down and have become a little precious. Yeah, I feel like if you're not sure, you keep it. Yeah. That's fair. When I get to the ties, I might ask you to weigh in because I feel like you have a good sense of color, and I don't want to throw away something where I'm just inaccurately assessing what I can pair it with. Neckties are important accessories for men. So let's store them with respect. Store neckties in boxes to keep them organized. - Hi! -Hi! -Hi. Nice to see you again. -Nice to see you again! -Nice to see you. -Good to see you! -Hi. Nice to see you. -Hi. Good to see you. - Is that what I think it is? -What you're letting go? - Yes. -That is a great amount. Very well done. And let's tackle the books and paper categories next. -Yeah. -Yes! So let's take out every single book from the house and collect it in one spot. Is that yours? No, it's mine. So, the process is the same with clothes. Take every single book into your hands and see if it sparks joy for you. How do you fold the books, though? I don't see how that works. Books, you don't fold. -You read them. But with books, you also want to ask this question to yourself. By having these books, will it be beneficial to your life going forward? Books are the reflection of our thoughts and values. So by tidying books, it will show you what kind of information is important to you at this moment. - Good over there, yeah. Which one is this? Spark joy or no? -Definitely, yes. -Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Is this difficult for you, going through the books? Uh... Yeah. I assume you always love to read. Uh, yeah, ever since I was a kid. Like, when the Scholastic Book Fair would come to our school that was, like, the biggest day of the year. What's your number one book that you will never let go? -Is there such a book? -I think... To Kill A Mockingbird really sparked with me and connected back in high school when I first read it. - Will you try touching that for me? - Mm-hmm. Yeah, definitely, like, I can remember reading it in high school for the first time. Um, yeah, it's a def-- It's like a for sure, like, just immediate. Books like that are very useful for you because that's the spark of joy that you should be feeling. Mm-hmm. To Kill A Mockingbird really inspired me a lot. I still read it about once every two years. Um... And, uh, I just... really connected to the characters and it really inspired me to want to be a writer myself. Um, so when I hold this, I kind of feel this warm sensation, and it slowly dawned on me just, like, "Oh, this is what you're supposed to be feeling when you have that spark of joy." The ones that I didn't feel connection to, it was immediately clear that I was ready to let those ones go. I think that you really honed your sensitivity to joy through going through these books. -Yes. -I definitely feel that way. I think with books I feel more of a connection than I do with clothes, where I'm just trying to, like, look decent, and I don't put that much energy into it. Where books I've spent the time with them, so I'm more connected to them. The moment you realize what it means to spark joy comes to people at different times. As you continue to tidy, your sensitivity to joy will be honed. So there will be an "aha" moment when you realize what it means for something to spark joy. So even though you decided to keep items now, you may feel that you want to revisit those items again later on in the tidying process. I'm done, so... -All done. Oh, my goodness! You can move on to the next category, actually. So can you make a pile of paper on the dining room table? You bet I can. Thank you. And done. -Oh! Well done. -Thank you. And now you can see Frank's paper mess that he's just starting on. - Oh, and he's still going. - I heard that! Frank does not let go of any papers. He still has notes from, like, high school, and he puts a lot of emotion and memories in those notes. I'm aware of my problem, I guess, because I see them stored all over the house. So I knew the amount was too high, but in order to veil that from myself, I increased the number of locations. I get very sentimental about cards. Yeah, well this one I'm keeping for sure. So this is, like, sort of history into why I started writing. There was a bunch of, like, Power Rangers fan fiction. - Ah! Scrap in here. How old were you when you wrote those? So this goes back from when I was a teenager to, like... this was just a couple years ago. I have a great appreciation for my childhood. I grew up very happy in my house, and as a result I've kept a lot of like, you know, little drawings I had, even from, like, age eight or something, and I've kept those just for, like, inspiration and comfort and warmth and I'm worried that, like, I'll want to hang on to everything. I feel like for me, this actually might be the hardest. Discovering what's difficult for you is just the whole point of this process, too, which is understanding what sparks joy. It's the things that are the most meaningful to you that are the hardest. He loves books and I love just writing a lot, so... The trick to keeping paper documents in order is to have a designated spot in the house. Papers you decide to keep can be divided into three categories. The first category is pending documents. Pending documents are papers that are waiting for you to take action upon, such as letters and bills. The second category is important documents. Important documents are papers that you need to keep permanently, such as contracts and insurance forms. The last category is miscellaneous documents. Miscellaneous documents are papers that you refer to often, such as recipe cutouts from magazines, or papers from a seminar you attended that you frequently go back to read. Oh, boy. I wrote some angsty songs in college. But, like, on a serious note, I think I started songwriting when I was, like, coming to terms with, like, having gay feelings, and I didn't kinda get it yet. It got me through some hard times writing songs, so, huh. You're ready to let that go? Part of me feels like I should save these. I attribute a lot of emotional value to papers, like, because even today, going through them, I was like, "Oh, this was the first script I wrote that, like, did well in a competition. This is, like, when I first had my creative inklings about this concept," and so it's hard for me to let things go. That's funny. Now I wonder if I should keep it. - I can't do the papers. -They're all yours. I like papers. I've always liked papers. -I just like... -I think it's really just about what-- like, the ones that really you feel like are particularly sparking your joy. I love Matt and want the best for him, but, man, there is like a total flip from, like, clothing to papers that I was not anticipating. I totally understand his frustration before, and it doesn't feel good to be the one at the back of the class. You want to feel like you're really taking it on. I sorted the mail already, so this is your new mail right here. -Great. Thank you, Matthew. -Yep. -Appreciate this. -You're welcome. -Hi. -Hi! -Nice to see you. -Hi, Marie. Nice to see you again. Come on in. -Oh, we have gifts! Exciting! -Yes. Yes. We have a lot of boxes. Oh! Perfect. Okay. So today's category will be miscellaneous items. I'm a catastrophizer, and it means to prepare for the worst case scenario doomsday, but, like, at all times. Someone who catastrophizes, it's a problem in your home because you think, "What if I need this one?" You just sort of keep everything. But then it's ultimately useless 'cause you don't remember where it is when you need it. Do we have an earthquake kit at all prepared? -No. No, nothing that for an actual emergency. Matt, I'm gonna make a box of stuff that I don't think I need, -but I want your opinion on it, too. - Okay. Do you know what all these cords are for? Some of them I can. A lot of them I can't. A lot of them I'm not sure why they were in there in the first place. I was thinking we could use one of these drawers for electronics. Okay. Out of the miscellaneous items, electronic gadgets tend to become a mess. The goal is to store things in a way where you can see everything one look. TIPS ON STORING MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS: 1 COMBINE BOXES TO COMPARTMENTALIZE 2 STORE EVERYTHING STANDING UPRIGHT ESPECIALLY, SMALL ITEMS SUCH AS USB DRIVES AND MEMORY, CARDS Thank you. What kind of things are you letting go would you say? Um, just random things that were, like, boxes for electronics a lot. Um... From my first visit to Disneyland out here. I just don't think I need it. -Oh, I'm torn. Matt, I'm too sentimental. Never mind, I take it back, it brings me joy. Thank you. - Look at you, Matt. - It's a lot less. You've made such huge progress. Thank you. I feel guilty, because I see how much work Matt is doing and I feel like I'm not helping him. Ever since the paper assignment, I have this block against letting go of things. And that triggers some disappointment in myself and... -Pfft. Hey. -Hey. I'm done with the, uh, Christmas and holiday drawer. -love you. -I love you, too. Alright. I think I'm feeling a little anxious 'cause I feel like we haven't gotten rid of anything yet and it's making me a little... -Yes. -...feel crowded, I guess. Frank is usually the more outgoing person, the person with more energy, so when he, um, is feeling a little bit less... self-confident, it definitely puts a damper on things. Just because his energy feeds into my energy. Feel like I'm really glad my parents aren't coming for another, what, like, week and a half? -Mm-hmm. -Because we are not ready at all. So just trying to stay positive and help inspire him 'cause he did that for me during clothes. -Medium plates, do we need 12? To... -No. It feels extreme. We don't need to throw out just to throw out. -Like I'm fine having nine. -No, if it sparks your joy. It's not the number and-- No, but I'm-- I meant using the number as, like, a guideline. Yeah, yeah. Matt can be a little quieter sometime, so to see him projecting opinions so openly about the home, it made me really happy and inspired that I wanted to, you know, keep up with him, and not like-- especially because he was experiencing a positive moment, I didn't want to take away from it by being, like, you know, sad sack, so I was like, "Okay, I have to kind of muscle through this." I find myself gravitating towards these, perfectly honest, but how do you feel? We don't use small plates all that often, so this would be an extreme amount. So I'm good letting these go. -Okay. -Thank you. I don't like either of these, so I'm good with these leaving. Thank you. Twenty, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26. - Yeah. -We have 26 mugs. Thirteen for each. That seems totally reasonable. For two people. In some ways I think, like, having ties to childhood makes you less of an adult, so it's incumbent upon me to know, like, what really is valuable and meaningful, and what I'm just sort of afraid to not hold onto anymore. I think fear isn't a good reason to hold onto things. It should be, you know, something positive, like happiness. Plastic knives. I don't know if people really use knives. Knives we have a ton of. I think let it go, let it go. Yeah. I don't feel like we ever cook a quantity of food large enough that we'd really need this. Thank you. I'm definitely proud of Frank. He puts a lot of memories into these things, so it wasn't easy for him letting go of stuff. But now I feel like we're both finally on the road to adulthood. Oh, yeah. We're gonna make some people very happy today. Where are we going? We're going to Out of the Closet to donate our clothes. And other objects. I feel like we're on the homeward stretch. Like, it feels like we've conquered so much in the house already, like, getting through some of the miscellanea today made me feel like, "Okay, we're, like, coming on the end. Knowing I have this home that, like, is getting to where I want it to get and will eventually is just, like, giving me an extra boost that I'm-- for which I'm very grateful. We are off to Goodwill to donate the rest! And I think that will be it, believe it or not. -Hello. - Hi! -Hi. -Nice to see you. Nice to see you, Marie! Hi, Iida, nice to see you again! -Hi. Nice to see you guys. -Hi. -How was homework? A lot, but we actually got all the way through it, yep. -Oh my gosh! Let's go see it! Can't wait! -Lead the way. -Okay. Here it is. - Linen closet. - Linen closet. Oh, my goodness! Look at how neat it looks! Mm-hmm. And it's washcloths and hand towels. Oh! Beautiful! So beautiful! Breathtaking. This makes it so much easier to see where everything is. Before everything was, like, exploding out of it. It feels much easier now. I feel really good. I, like, want to invite a lot of people over now, so I can, like, open up the closets, be like, "See how organized we are? Look at this." I'm growing up and moving on and this is the time where I think we're gonna have a home that we're very proud of. Wonderful. Okay, let's go to the kitchen. Can't wait to see. So we reorganized, and sorted all the food, and made this our kind of breakfast area with our coffee maker and toaster. - It looks like a store. -Oh my gosh! I feel like I am the adult that I'm presenting to the world. I'm not hiding my messy true self anymore. We are stronger for doing this because, you know, it challenged both of us in different ways. I had to sort of let go of some things to which I was clinging, and Matt over time learned to, like, vocalize his emotions. So, I think it helped us address things within our self. I definitely feel like I've become more emotionally open, and I finally felt that, like, "Wow, like, I really am feeling that spark of joy." I did want to have that feeling and bring it through the rest of my life because you're just a happier person, honestly. So how do you feel now that you've reached the end? I'm very proud of our home and happy with, uh, the work we've done, and really grateful for you teaching us. Yeah. I believe your parents will be pretty shocked to see how tidy this home is. - "Shocked" is the word. It really feels like our lives are changed because you came and helped us, so thank you. I don't think it would've been done if you hadn't come in here and helped us. I'm so glad to hear that. Thank you. I think my parents are gonna be really happy with what they see and they're gonna feel that we've really created this home for ourselves as adults, which makes me very happy to think about. -Keep in touch. -Thank you. Bye! Thank you. -I'm sad to see her go. -Oh! - You miss her already. - Mm-hmm. I think Frank's parents are not gonna be worried about him being with me 'cause this place looks so nice, so... In large part to you, so... And you. It was a team effort. I suppose you're not nervous at all 'cause they're not your parents. I am nervous. I want them to like it, of course I do. Ah, Matt, I got a tiny fleck of beet on me. Oh, it's fine. That's barely-- -You sure? -Yeah. Don't put water on it 'cause that's gonna look wet when your parents get here. This visit from my parents is a big thing for me because this home is a symbol of my, uh... my relationship with Matt and my relationship with my parents, my relationship with the world. So it's vital that they like what they see. Okay. -Hi. -Hi, Frankie! Hi. How are you? -Wow! Hi. It looks really nice! This isn't what I was expecting. I thought I'd show you guys everything just 'cause we've been doing a lot of folding, and sort of compartmentalizing techniques with Marie. -Oh, I love that. -And this is our dining room. -How pretty. - Then I can show you my closet. -It was very disorganized until recently. - Well, this I gotta see. -Yeah, this is it. -Wow! We got all my shirts, my sweaters. Oh, this is cute. I'm gonna reheat the chicken for you guys. That's a cake for later. -You cooked for us? -It wasn't-- Of course I did! Anyhoo, so, yeah, we have just a limited number of pots and pans, so you can grab what you need. And then we tried to pare down how many things we have. That way we have, like, you know, our mugs, our cups, our plates, our bowls. That looks really nice. Frankie has never failed us. He is a wonderful, wonderful guy. He's one of those guys that always does the right thing and makes the right decisions in life. And I'm very happy he's my son. What I'm most proud about Frankie and what he's done is that he's matured as a person, and it shows in how he's living and how he's organized his life. Imagine that you've had a son living with you, and you see his room, which wasn't the best. And then you see him in college, which really was bad. And now to see a difference tells me that he went forward. I'm very proud of him. Down here are sort of some accessories. -Oh, wow! -Oh, wow! -I love the way that looks! - Look at the ties. -This one I like. I can take that one. -No. No. No. The fact that he and Matt, as a partnership, agreed to do this, it just makes you feel good about the two of them. I'd love to see them together for a long time, 'cause they're really good partners. Are you guys hungry? Do you want us to serve you lunch? -Did Matt supervise? -I supervised. Okay, I feel better. I'll eat it, yeah. -Great. Let's go to the kitchen. -Let's go to the kitchen. They said everything I wanted them to say without being prompted, -which made me so happy. -No prompting. I know. I've always been proud of the place, but now it's just like tenfold of what I was feeling before, and it's nice to just see such a positive reaction from your parents, for sure. I feel our union is very, um, you know, respected by them, and... Not that I didn't believe in it before, but it's always good to have family on your side. And here's a toast to the two of you. May you always be happy in this house and everywhere else that you live. - Thank you. - God bless you both. ♪ One place means everything to me ♪ ♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪ ♪ One magic carpet's all I need ♪ ♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪ ♪ One face that waits to smile for me ♪ ♪ Let's go back to that no place ♪ ♪ No place like home used to be ♪ ♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪ ♪ No place like home ♪ ♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪ ♪ No place like home ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 