How Tech Works: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 How Tech Works 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 How Tech Works (2012–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On this episode of How Tech Works, we travel to a historic racetrack in Germany and meet a blogger who writes about some of the fastest cars around. And we take a flight on this new military plane from Spain. Sure, it looks like a flying passenger van but it's made for heavier work. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Hi there, and welcome to How Tech Works. I'm Basil Singer 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and we've got a bunch of incredible stories from around the world of tech this week. We'll take an exclusive look at a concept car that is sure to grow on you, literally. Plus, we'll meet a group of guys taking part in an extreme soapbox derby called "The Rickety Downhill Challenge." But first, we kick off with a story about a blogger from Yorkshire who loves fast cars. In fact he's obsessed with recording the fastest lap times at the Nurburgring the famous racetrack in Germany. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 His ultimate goal is to beat his own time. The question is will he do it? Nurburg, Germany. Lots of very fast cars here. Because drivers come to test themselves and their wheels on the dangerous and legendary Nurburgring. The Nurburgring is a 21 kilometer long public round that's also used as a racetrack. I first came here in 2001 did one lap of the place and decided I needed to perfect it. And fast-forward ten years and I'm still here. It really gets under your skin, it's really crazy. It's where drivers post lap times. Bridge to Gantry is how we time a lap on a public day. We time it from the bridge at the very start of the lap to the gantry just before the end of the lap. But Dale also reviews cars... I look at one very specific thing. I say, how well does this car go from the bridge to the gantry. Today, he's testing something brand new from the UK. This is a Caterham R300 Superlight. It's called the Superlight because it really is super light it's less than 500 kilos. It's got the bare minimum required to strap a human being into it and put him round the track. Every single panel is like, wafer-thin plastic or alloy. The engine is a two liter Ford four-cylinder normally you'd see it in a Ford Focus it'd be making anywhere between 120 - 150 horsepower. Today the engine's making closer to 200 horsepower. I love the look of it. I know it looks like it's come straight out of a 50s time warp. Time to put the Caterham to the test. And maybe set a new personal best lap time. It's a short drive to the Nurburgring. Very busy day today. Sundays are always busy. I think half of the experience is queuing through the car park out onto the track. Well, at least one good thing's happening The Caterham's turning some heads. Public days are called touristenfahrten and the direct translation of that is tourist driving. It's about Mom and Dad taking the family car around the famous Nurburgring kids in the backseat, noses up against windows However the easy accessibility of the most amazing racetrack in the world means you've also got the car park half-full of guys with tire pressure gauges fire-proof suits taking out their road-legal sports car and getting the maximum from it. For one lap, the cost is twenty pounds. Use my season ticket, go through. Cost? Eleven hundred pounds! And, we are out. We're heading towards the bridge the bridge is the Antoniusbruche which is the bridge that we start the lap times from. So fast traffic moves to the left slow traffic stays to the right. The car's accelerating fantastically. Very short gear ratios. I'll cog it down. I will overtake this Clio. We're heading down into the Bogen. Can't balance the gas through here. Beautiful. Each turn of the Nurburgring has a name. Through the Hatzenbach complex. Dale knows them all by heart. He estimates he's been around the Ring about five thousand times. Today, he's ruling the Ring... overtaking everyone. We're accelerating. And I do believe we've hit maximum speed. We're very close to the rev limiter. There's the rev limiter in top gear. Well, there you go, just been overtaken. The top speed of a CBR1000 is definitely a little bit higher than this car. Ho-ho! Beautiful. Carving through the Sunday traffic. Through the Foxhole. Up the inside. No one else is going to overtake Dale today. His personal best lap time for the 13 mile track is seven and a half minutes. Less than eight is considered very good. He's got acceleration like we can only dream of. But remember, speed kills. You can't have a small accident in the Nurburgring. You can't forget for a second that anything could happen at any point. You could come around the corner and find an accident. You could come around the corner and find, as I did one time a gentleman on a bicycle with some recycling bottles and he thought he was on the, he thought he was on a footpath or something. Big accident up ahead. I'm going to slow right down. Oil spill. The slow-down means Dale is not going to set any personal records today... so he focuses on fun. Very high-speed corners, just turn the car in. Really nice feeling in the apex you can really feel the limits of the tires. We're a fast-forward car in a slow-motion world. Big g-force through the Karussell. The Caterham performed absolutely excellently it's so light, it's incredibly nimble, it's so agile, it just turns left to right without even thinking about it. A very technical corner now, the Caterham really really enjoys corners like these. We're just balancing the car, not quite full gas. Now with full gas! Past the gantry. eight minutes seven seconds. Not my fastest lap, I'm sure but certainly a lot of fun. He gives the Caterham a rave review... same as he does the Nurburgring. If you have even the smallest amount of petrol in your veins, you really need to do a lap on the Nurburgring, just to say you've done it. Now we're going from incredible cars to awesome airplanes. You see this new military plane from Spain can transform from a hospital to a cargo vessel back to a passenger plane in less time than it takes to book a flight Have a look. It may not look like it but the people on this assembly line are building massive passenger vans. These babies boast more than 5,000 horsepower and travel at 300 miles an hour. They can fly. Really fly. Okay, these are no ordinary passenger vans. You're looking at the C295 airplane. And, just like passenger vans their insides can change. You can expand cargo space, or shrink it down... But they're not for running the kids around. They're for military and humanitarian missions. The C295 is one of the planes they build at Airbus Military in Seville, Spain. It's got some pretty cool features like 360-degree radar designed to detect airplanes up to 250 miles away. And an infrared system that can cut through the dark to reveal objects at night, not to mention bad weather. But the most interesting thing is what can happen in the back. In its stripped-down version, the C295 is a transport aircraft that can fly up to 11 hours non-stop carrying cargo and personnel. But, in just one hour on the ground it can transform into a surveillance aircraft thanks to customized pallets, or modules that slide on, and off. For example, this is the maritime patrol set-up. In keeping with the components theme each C295 starts as a mix of parts flown in from different areas of Spain, Chile, Turkey and Indonesia. The components are then assembled here, in Seville. There are more than 80 of these planes flying in ten countries around the world places like Afghanistan, Iraq and Kosovo. There are orders for more. According to the customer demand we need to build an aircraft every 11 days. To make sure there's no downtime each workstation features a computer readout of status of each plane, and work to be done. They're making sure everything's in its place and that there's a place for everything on board this passenger van of the skies. Coming up, on "How Tech Works" we'll catch up with the tech wizards at Mercedes Benz. And see what's in store for the road ahead. Get ready to roll, into the very near future. And we'll take part in what can only be described as an extreme go-kart race. Welcome back to "How Tech Works" I'm Dr. Basil Singer. Now when it comes to car design manufacturers usually have to work within certain restrictions, like for instance, what materials do you use? What mechanical principles can you employ? And what budget do you have to work with? Well, just imagine what you could accomplish if there were no restrictions? That's the fun challenge facing the design team at Mercedes Benz in California limited only by their imaginations. This is the Mercedes Biome. It's light-weight, Eco-friendly and biodegradable. This technological marvel is the car of the future if its lead designer has his way. It's his talent that drives many of the company's image-defining models. My name is Hubert Lee, I am 37 and I am the Creative Director of Mercedes Benz Advanced Design California. Design is usually top secret but today, we get an exclusive look at the Mercedes Biome's development. So I want to take you to the back room where normally a lot of people don't really get to see. can we stop? Yeah. Okay, now you can come in. The Biome and all of our cars that we work on they all get put together here. The Biome is a first for Lee's design team. There were no boundaries there were no limitations. We could do whatever we wanted to do. With that kind of creative license they embrace what might be technologically possible down the road. I wanted our designers to not be restricted. Just go all out, just be crazy and just come up with a concept we think could be possible some day. They begin by imagining the seemingly impossible. What if the car was grown from nature. What if the car was part of nature. And what if the car at the end of its life cycle would get composted. Then commit to the idea that in the future, seeds will be coded with car DNA. Mercedes Benz has the star that is our identity so we thought having the star as a seed would be cool. So the front star would actually morph and grow into what we call the interior. The rear star would grow into the exterior. Imagining they control every aspect of the vehicle from weight to durability they move through their usual process. So this is our designer area. This is where the initial creative process happens. With one notable exception. We created the environment first before we actually designed the car. When we decided on the story of actually growing the car we decided that rather than having a really industrial factory, that we would go with more of a a greenhouse type of inspiration and so very sunlit, very open, and actually growing the individual cars underwater. With the world of the vehicle locked focus returns to shaping its look. It had to look organic but aesthetically pleasing basically beautiful. So before people even get to know the concept they are instantly drawn to the car because it's just beautiful, it's a work of art. Movie software refines these early sketches by turning them into digital models. Next step is... I think we should try to integrate the wheel to the body a little bit more. Then, the Biome goes 3D. From the digital data we would mill out a scale model in clay where we'll do our surface refinements and fine-tuning. And if we need if we think we need more detail work on it, this is where it happens. The concept car's interior is just as detailed. It's got a diamond seating configuration so the driver will actually sit in the center far forward. The side passengers will sit in the sides The rear passenger will be sitting in the back facing rearward. The power-train the suspension the lights everything will be combined into these hub motors. When it's all put together the Biome looks pretty cool and promises a smooth ride. I imagine the ride experience to be very smooth, like flowing through air. But how serious is Mercedes Benz about production? We didn't actually give give it a set date or a time. We just wanted to throw it out there. Maybe some day this is possible. Earlier in the show we checked out the incredible road warriors on the famous Nurburgring in Germany. And now, as they say for something completely different. These road warriors are just as competitive as their German counterparts. But, and there's always a but for these chaps from Yorkshire the biggest challenge may just be the cars themselves. Over 30 miles per hour. Two kilometers downhill. These go-karts are about to push the limits of gravity power. At stake the prestigious Rickety Downhill Challenge Trophy. If you think this looks dodgy well, you should check out the carts. This is the leftovers from my extension at home. This used to be a bed. I more or less just, laid down on a bit of ply and traced around myself. One day before the big race we're on the ground. This is the workshop, of Colin Furze. One of us was bored, thought, you know, wouldn't it be fun if we all built go-karts and race them. And and he was right. It would be fun, so here we go. Let's see what happens. Course designer and contender today, Colin's giving a sneak peek at the making of his own street racer. To win the trophy, he's pulling out all the stops. Well, maybe not all of them. As far as design and technology is concerned it's lacking in that. So the R & D department's not done, not put a lot of effort into this one. The main components of Colin's machine are rubbish. Where you see wood pallets he sees a chassis. Yes! Where you see a mountain bike Colin sees pre-built steering. His rear tires were taken from a kid's bike one of the neighbors' kids, that is. He'll get them back one day. As for brake cable, well, that cost a pound. The only pound spent. Grandma's pillow! As the finishing touches are added Colin's getting excited. Excellent! This is my interpretation of, of my Downhill Challenger, I suppose. It's basically got everything I want it to. It steers, it brakes. And it looks rubbish. It's perfect for tomorrow's race but is it a winner? First time going up against everyone else's carts. We'll find out if I've built something that's worth building or if it's just going to be a pile of wood. On an abandoned stretch of road at the outskirts of town, race day has arrived. Colin gets his first look at the competition. It's basically an old bike with an extra wheel on the back because I was told it needed to have three wheels. So I've got a wood-cutting disc on this side for the go-karts that's made from wood and I've got a metal-cutting disc on this side for the ones made of metal. Today I think the boys in the garage have been working well and it should be perfected. As the competitors step up to the starting line Colin has one last trick up his sleeve. So we thought, you know, just to spice it up a little bit we'd add a couple of things in which are completely non-related to your kart-building. So at the start of the race you have to down a can of fizzy drink. Also at the end of the course we have a selection of saws and pieces of wood. So the person that gets there first will get a thick piece of wood to cut with a very small saw. But they don't know it yet. So when they're helling down the course they don't know that the faster they go maybe the worse situation it's gonna be putting them in. Three! Two! One! Go! And as the first soft drink can drops it's time to ride. One by one the racers hit the pavement but Colin is already struggling. Finally, he's off too, in last place. Now gravity, and the cart design take over. The drinking has spread out the entire field. As the leaders try desperately to stay in front the fast carts are making up lost ground. At the bottom it's Pappy Boy arriving first with Simo in behind. And that speck on the horizon, that's Colin! He's moved into 3rd! All that's left now is the sawing. And today... Yes! A bigger saw beats a fast cart, hands down. And this year's Rickety Cup Downhill Challenge Trophy goes to Colin Furze! Well, I suppose my idea of the wood sawing is, kind of what gave it to me, really. Because I think I got there just in time to get the right saw and the right bit of wood. But there we are. It worked a treat. Just goes to show? The fastest cart don't always win. Have you ever heard of the phrase don't quit your day job? Well, maybe those lads will find a way to make a career out of the Rickety Downhill Challenge but, that's all the time we've got today. Thanks very much for watching. Until next time, I'm Basil Singer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 