How Tech Works: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 How Tech Works 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 How Tech Works (2012–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On this episode of How Tech Works Take a ride down an Olympic-sized set of rapids that are entirely artificial designed with cutting-edge skate-park technology. And... Try this new suit on for size. You're going to need it for your next big trip to Mars. Hi there, I'm Basil Singer and you are in for a thrill ride on this week's episode of How Tech Works. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We're gonna take a spin on a vehicle of the future. it's got two wheels. And, we're going to explore the underground tunnels of Barcelona without disturbing the peace above ground. But, first... when you think of white-water rapids what comes to mind? Rafting in Colorado? The rivers of Zambia, maybe? Now what if I said, the English countryside? It's probably not top on your list. But there's a brand-new artificial white-water river in north London 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and How Tech Works is gonna be there, to witness the wild-water course get whipped into shape. Wow! Two years ago, this site was a car park. But thanks to the London Olympics this stretch of white-water takes center stage. It can create an Alpine river in the middle of Hertfordshire. With the heavy lifting complete it's now up to these two to turn messy whitecaps into world-class rapids. So what're we looking at then? Simon Ricketts and Julian Gaspard know this stretch of riverbed better than anyone. ...over here, pour over- They've spent months building testing and tweaking every rapid along its length. Today, they've got their eyes set on one area in particular. This is the first big bend on the course. Block walls have already been added to constrict the flow but the water moving through is still flat. It needs bigger drops, faster water, and cleaner eddies. So we're looking to add some blocks into the middle to create a feature both on this groin here and on this one here. The trick? Fix one problem without causing ten more. A change can be made at one point in the course and that affects both downstream of that change and upstream of the change. And then everything that you've worked on so far becomes null and void because the level changes so much that the features change completely. To start, Simon heads to the center's control room. Here, massive banks of computer equipment keep the entire system running smoothly or stop it entirely. At the touch of a button, the pump stops and the entire river drains out. Now, the work crew go in. The artificial course here uses a special system called rapid blocks. Hollow plastic blocks that can be stacked like giant pieces of Lego and bolted into special rails in the riverbed. The blocks can be moved and angled in any way the guys see fit. The trial and error has been is it a single height a double height a triple height how far we constrict it coming in at the sides. So, what we're doing today is quite a subtle change, with just a single block going in and it'll be interesting to see how that changes from this morning. They've got their fingers crossed that this simple fix will give the river the makeover it needs. Here we go. Let's see how our changes have worked. With the pumps turned on the riverbed starts to fill back up. In a matter of minutes the work area is buried beneath the waves. So as you can see the depth in the pool here behind me is much deeper. It's probably another 70 centimeters deeper. That's because these blocks here have backed the water up. The water's coming over those blocks and it's creating a bit of a V-stopper here. And then the five that we've put across here has created a full drop, river-wide and now we've got a big hole with a stopper at the back of it. Comparing the before and after at full flow the change is obvious but the guys have one more test. Upriver, Julian is preparing for action. We always need to make sure the changes are safe and it actually works as we think it will when you're in a boat. It's a big moment but when you're testing two rapids at a time it's also a very short one. In a few seconds, it's all over. So how was that? It was great, excellent. This time, it gets the thumbs up. Of course we are happy when it when it works but when it doesn't work, you learn. Working with white water may be an art as much as a science but the more these guys learn today the closer they'll get to rapid perfection. From the north of London we travel south all the way to the south of Spain, in fact to catch up with the European Space Agency's team of researchers. You see, the terrain at Spain's Rio Tinto region resembles our planetary neighbor, Mars. In other words, it's a perfect place to test the latest in Martian clothing. I'm a 38 regular, should anyone care to know. Human exploration on the red planet may be questionable but that's not slowing down these researchers. I honestly believe that the first human to walk on Mars is already born and is maybe right now watching Discovery Channel. Getting to Mars requires at least a 34 million mile space ride not a human-friendly feat yet. But, scientists here say the terrain at Rio Tinto, Spain, is as close as it gets. This spot here has kind of magic because it's got so much potential to tell us about the way how things work on a totally different world called Mars. Gernot Groemer is admittedly space-obsessed. As the president of the Austrian Space Forum he's spent the past two years piecing together three thousand parts to create this one-of-a-kind Martian space suit. It's also augmenting the capabilities of the astronaut. And that's a big difference with current space suits because they don't need that. Urlich Luger is a "quasi-astronaut." For now, a suit tester but Urlich still needs to meet all of the medical specs that the real guns do. Every time I'm into the suit, I'm very excited because there's always something new and something unexpectable. And that's something which makes it really really great something no one has done before. It takes four hours and three people to fit Urlich for his tasks today. The 45 kilogram suit makes simply wearing it, a workout. This suit is totally different than anything we've seen before. If you would take a regular Apollo-type space suit like they used on the Moon and put it on Mars it would be dead and gone after a few days. And our suit is supposed to work for at least a year on Mars because the next Radio Shack or a Home Depot that's 380 million kilometers away. With Superman qualities, the suit is designed to keep the astronaut alive in the harshest of conditions. The surface temperature on Mars is frigid minus 113 degrees Celsius in winter and the warm-up in summer isn't exactly sweltering. The hottest it gets is zero. So, the outer layer of the suit is made with stronger-than-steel Kevlar and an aluminum coating to keep it light-weight. Underneath, a wearable life support system. At the moment I'm very happy with the head-up display which is working absolutely great. And I'm also receiving telemetry data so I can I can have a look at my own status inside the suit. This suit even has speech recognition and sensors to measure the physical performance of the astronaut. I'm pretty excited for the first experiment. One of today's tasks is maneuvering in the suit with a prototype rover, the "Eurobot." Then, Urlich has the finite task of taking soil samples so Gernot and his team can analyze contamination on the suit. They underestimate the dust. The dust is the natural enemy of the astronaut, so to say. It's blocking mechanisms it's covering the spacesuit. But the fine granular sizes of the sand here, it's everywhere on the equipment. Just one of many discoveries made here. This suit simulator has wowed this crowd. But there's more work to be done to make it Mars-ready. And I'm sure people will be walking on Mars make no mistake. This is a fact that will happen. I want to tell my grandchildren you know, this little screw, that's the one I designed. Coming up on How Tech Works How does it feel to be driving the vehicle of the future? And tunneling under history. How do you dig a high-speed train tunnel directly underneath Barcelona's most cherished buildings? The answer? Very carefully. Welcome back to How Tech Works. I'm Basil Singer. We head now to Barcelona, in Spain where they're building a high-speed train line underground. This big dig poses many challenges for the engineers starting with how the heck do you build a tunnel right underneath some of the city's most cherished historical sights without doing damage to the delicate buildings. The answer is right here. Barcelona is bursting at the seams with culture and street life. One of the big draws is architecture like Gaudi's Sagrada Familia church. And this building, La Pedrera. A city this attractive means there are a lot of tourists and transportation needs. That's why they're building a high-speed train tunnel right through Barcelona, linking Spain to France. And we're taking you underground into the heart of things where engineers are doing everything they can to protect the city above. Jose Gomez is responsible for risk control. We're now at Sardenya Street where the Sagrada Familia is located. A short distance away, another icon. We're situated below El Passeig de Gracia one of the most famous streets in Barcelona. And to our left is La Pedrera the second monument designed by Gaudi that our tunnel passes. As with La Sagrada Familia, our tunnel passes very close by. The tunnel is 12 meters wide running directly beside these buildings. That means the team is under intense scrutiny from media, government even UNESCO, which protects the World Heritage sites. Construction has been an exercise in extreme caution. There's no room for human error here no possibility for anything that could cause problems on the surface. So far, they've carved five kilometers through the earth. They've got 200 meters more to go on this section of the line. This is how they're chewing through the earth with a Tunnel-Boring Machine, or TBM. We're inside a tunnel-boring machine designed to withstand ground pressure. These are some of the 18 motors. Between the cutting wheel and this chamber is where the excavated material is collected. The machine is breaking new ground not just under city streets but under existing subway and rail lines. This particular Tunnel Boring Machine is for pressure-sensitive earth more specifically for soil, not hard rock. As the machine bores through the earth there's a pressure difference between the leading edge the cutting wheel and this chamber where the machine's course is set and monitored. This is a dynamic project running 24 hours a day. Actions need to be immediate. Pressure is highest at the front. That's why they hire diving experts to do maintenance on the cutting head. These men are trained, quite literally in high-pressure situations. Today, the divers are changing bits on the cutting head. Here, you can see the difference between a new cutting tool and a tool worn out by very abrasive terrain. Pressure sensors at the front of the cutting head monitor how much weight pressure and volume is being applied there. Jose and his team can track progress in real time on monitors not just in the tunnel, but directly from their desks. We see what the pilot is seeing. We have a multidisciplinary team with geologists, people who have expertise in risk control. Engineers test for vibrations at ground level. Sensors at street level can detect shifts in the earth. So far, so good. The ground has subsided just two millimeters. There's never before been a machine this big in Barcelona which has had so little impact on the surface. The street level changes are not only minimal they guarantee to the people of Barcelona that there has been no damage to the structure of La Sagrada Familia. The Tunnel-Boring Machine cuts through the last 200 meters and achieves breakthrough. It's safe to say that the results have been even better than we'd hoped and we aimed to do it very well. It looks like the buildings are safe and the tunnel project is on track to bring more visitors to Barcelona. And finally, I thought I'd introduce to you something built for all you speed demons, but also for you back seat drivers. It might sound unusual, and it is but this is a machine of the very near future that marries high-speed thrills on two wheels with extreme safety. Have a look. Sleekly designed with game-changing technology this two-wheeled fully-enclosed electric vehicle is called the C1. Take a good look. If innovator Danny Kim has his way the C1 will be just the revelation that up-ends the way we get around. If you look at the real behavior patterns of commuters, you will realize that 70% or most people drive alone. The average commute is 48 miles and most people don't take more than just a briefcase or maybe a couple of bags of groceries. Kim is founder and CEO of Lit Motors a gutsy start-up with a two-wheeled mandate. So Lit Motors is a sustainable transportation company. We basically see that two-wheeled vehicles are the future of transportation for sustainability. Yeah, I like that. His goals? Give two-wheelers a make-over. No one's really innovating in the architecture of scooters or motorcycles. We can bring a lot of value and a lot of fun to sustainable transportation. His small design and engineering team cut their teeth on this a scooter, that's cargo-friendly. The cargo scooter is magic. It's the pickup truck for developing countries. You can put a 22 by 22 inch box inside. This ride is fully electric and can hit 35 miles an hour. Riding the scooter's great. It's like riding an electric stallion. That's probably the best way to describe it. Or unicorn, if you prefer. But don't try this with your unicorn. Unicorns can't do this. The folding's great, it loses 15% of its footprint. 50% of the scooter actually just kind of disappears into thin air. Kim got even more ambitious with his next redesign which is currently in development. The C1 basically takes the efficiency and the romance of a motorcycle and combines it with the safety and comfort of a traditional car. It's going to be wicked fast. It's 120 miles per hour. This really handles like a car. You sit in it like a car. You drive it like a car. But what makes this two-wheeler truly exceptional is that it will also be self-balancing. No need to put your feet down and un-tippable thanks to Lit Motors' patented gyroscopic-based technology. The gyroscope dictates the tilt and lean of the vehicle at all times. So this vehicle can drift which is really unprecedented for most motorcycles. In the case of an accident, the vehicle would skid, rather than flip over so it's exponentially safer. Here's an off-the-shelf electric scooter thing for kids that we retrofitted steering on and then we're just taking advantage of the the stock motor for driving it forwards and backwards. Sorry, it's classified. So inside the box is our core technology. It's inside a box because it's proprietary and we want to keep a hold on our secrets, but the basic concept is, there is a a gyro spinning a flywheel, and a number of sensors to determine kind of what direction it's oriented and we use that with a laptop to to work on prototyping the balancing software and algorithms for... keeping this thing upright. Testing their technology under different conditions is crucial to perfecting it. I would like to get up to seven. We'll have to play with it. Today, they hit the ice. Right now, we're gonna see how it responds to to side-impact collisions, from a safety standpoint, so we're out on the ice rink to simulate, like if you are in an icy in winter environment if you get hit by something. Time to see if these conditions will impact their stability system. They start by testing its self-balancing feature. I'm looking at a number of different things. I'm looking at the... what condition the battery is in so we can see how it's reacting over time at how much power the flywheel's drawing and then general information about the flywheel. Despite the slippery surface, it performs well. Time to step things up. Will the scooter tip or glide on impact? Here I go. It's holding up really well. It's exactly what we expected it to do we expected it to be able to hit and slide sideways as opposed to just falling over. It glides reinforcing what they already know. They are on to something pretty big. For me it's it's incredibly exciting. I've been working on this for dreaming about this for the last seven years so being this close is pretty exciting. I was just thinking about taking that non-tipping technology to the next level. No more training wheels on kids' bicycles, no more crashes at the racetrack, the possibilities are endless. Anyway, that's all the time we've got. Thank you very much for watching How Tech Works. Until the next one, I'm Basil Singer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 