How Tech Works: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 How Tech Works 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 How Tech Works (2012–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On this episode of How Tech Works... This massive model is being built by flying robots! And its success is giving city planners some very big, very real-life ideas. And we'll check out a car that's not only a speed demon it's also devilishly good on fuel! Hi there, and welcome to How Tech Works , the show that is jam-packed with the latest gear and gadgets from the world of science and technology. My name is Dr. Basil Singer. On this episode... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 we'll meet a man who creates, and drives, a speed machine without ever leaving the comfort of his living room recliner chair. Plus... an incredible brick-laying device in the Netherlands that's putting big smiles on the faces of road crews and some of the locals, too. But first... here at How Tech Works, we love stories about flying machines. So let's head off to France to meet a group of designers who are building a model city using tiny flying robots to do it! Take a look. At an Arts Centre in Orléans, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 hundreds of people turn out to watch machines, called quad copters, raise robotic construction to new heights... piece by piece. Robotic construction is the future of architecture. The objective is to build a six-meter- tall structure, something never done before, with fully autonomous vehicles. The structure is an architectural model made from 1500 pieces, called modules. Each module must be positioned precisely or else the structure could collapse. The only part humans play is putting glue on the modules and placing them in a dispenser. The quadcopters do the rest. The project, called Flight Assembled Architecture, was created in Switzerland. A team at ETH Zurich designed the robotic system. Its leader is Canadian researcher, Raffaello D'Andrea. We're trying to push the boundary of what autonomous systems can do, in particular flying vehicles. The structure was designed by the Swiss architects Fabio Gramazio and Matthias Kohler. It's called The Vertical village. By building with the quad copters you can actually place each module at the specific point in space. And those modules don't have to be in a repetitive manner, but they can actually create more diverse shapes and forms, as you see in the undulation of the structure. Furthermore, I think, one advantages is you don't need any scaffolding to build up really high constructions. Each module would be 30 meters long and 10 meters high. So each of those modules can actually be, for example, a large-scale cinema space, like a movie theatre, or it could also be 6 apartments within such a module. When the village reaches 60 storeys, it could house up to 30,000 people. For the model, the modules are represented by polystyrene bricks. The quad copters pick them up by pushing pins into them. The quad copters have limited intelligence. They have an on-board computer. They have sensors. They have actuators. Just think of them as little athletes, but they are not very intelligent. The intelligence for our flying vehicles is off-board. motion capture cameras. They map the locations of marker balls on the robots so the computers know precisely where they are in 3D space. The software runs itself like a real construction team following a blueprint with a master program acting as foreman, controlling every crew member. The system is inherently robust. It can imagine doing something this complicated as putting these bricks down with changing conditions, the brick height was changing, lighting was changing. If a module is positioned off center, sensors detect it and the system corrects itself and re-positions the module. In Orléans, the build starts two days before the crowd appears. The quad copters get power at wall-mounted charging stations, then begin delivering modules at a rate of about 80 an hour. The foreman assigns no-fly zones around each robot so there are no mid-air collisions. Before the audience arrives, the quad copters successfully position over 700 modules. The structure reaches about three meters almost halfway there. When the crowd appears the robots resume their work. It really was a wonderful, magical experience. There was all this tension leading up to the people seeing for the first time, an autonomous flying vehicle, carrying a module in space and put it on the structure. And they were flying above the heads of the people, in the audience. You felt the thrust of the wind. Everyone in the crowd was going "0o! Ah!" The quad copters lay down another 125 bricks before the audience goes home. And the next day, in front of a smaller crowd they work to finish the job. They reach the final storey, number 60. Six meters high, and crown it... with the final module. An architecture made by flying robots reaches a whole new level. Wow flying robots! Definitely a case of what will they think of next. Well, the machine in our next story is more conventional... somewhat. A petro-fueled sports car that gets more than 100 miles to the gallon? You've got to see it to believe it! Joe Justice has got a lot of volunteers. Forty four volunteer team members in four countries and that was completely unexpected I didn't mean to be growing a volunteer team. That's what happens when you come up with a great idea for a super fuel efficient car. I did simulations of lightweight safe designed chassis that I was working on and they were returning right around 70 miles per gallon in simulation. And I blogged everything that I discovered and everything that didn't go well and folks started visiting the shop to see how this was unfolding. And they ended up staying and volunteering. Joe's named his car wikispeed. Wikispeed is based on the Hawaiian word for speed... Wikiwiki. It's a seriously fast car. Zero to sixty comes in right about five seconds It can reach a top speed of 143 miles an hour. But that's not why Joe named it wikispeed. The body of the car is carbon fiber and we are able to detach that from the car to make changes to it quickly without redeveloping the car. The car is a little bit like lego. You have the main frame and everything else can be swapped out quickly. We are able to make changes quickly because our vehicle is modular. The engine, the entire drivetrain is a module, the transmission, the cooling system, the fuel system, the emissions system. It all rolls out together and we can test another one in about the time it takes to change a tire. Joe's team is working on all sorts of body types for wikispeed, but today they are getting the sportier version ready for a test run We care about aesthetics as much as we can but the governing factor is efficiency. Efficient shapes happen to be what people think is sporty and beautiful right now, so it's really lucky for us. But the shape of the car is dictated by aerodynamics and by safety, and lucky for us it ends up looking like a Le Mans style race car. With looks like this you'd think Joe's driving a gas guzzler. A hundred miles worth of awesome is how it is running. Right now we're probably getting about 125 miles per gallon around town cruising at this speed is pretty high. It runs on petrol. This is not a hybrid car. Joe's maximized fuel efficiency by making wikispeed aerodynamic and light. The chassis is extruded aluminum, a similar tech to what Lotus, Jaguar, and Aston Martin use. We use an extremely light set of aluminum extrusions and then provide an aerodynamic shape outside them, made of all carbon fiber. It was making more... noise vibration and harshness than I would have liked. I think our next step for this body is going to be upgrading some bushings and sound deadening so that it's a more comfy, cozy ride. I am going to drill two bolt holes on each side and put bolts through the body into the body mount frame. and that is going to help calm down some of the noise vibration and harshness that we're experiencing today. Should give it a little quieter ride. Bryan Ford has a lot of experience working on cars. He found out about the wikispeed project online and immediately got involved. In fact, his wife and three sons are also helping out today. You're alright. You're alright. There you go. You gotta push your butt through. Now see that bolt right there that Colton has through? Can you screw that on please? Tomorrow if somebody invented an engine that we could pour tap water in the gas tank and drive our car, we don't have a 10 year production cycle to put that technology in our vehicle. All we have to do is retool our engine module. And that engine module plugs directly into our main frame. Things move fast around here but Joe is not compromising on safety. This simulation shows how the entire frame shares the stress of impact. The car gets a five star crash equivalency. It's, to our knowledge, the lightest chassis in the world to achieve a five star crash rating equivalency. A fast, sexy, super fuel efficient car that can be upgraded quickly. No wonder everyone is flocking to help Joe build wikispeed. Wikispeed is exceeding all of my expectations. I originally thought this was going to be a small project that I would take on by myself, and the collaborative team that I never counted on and I never anticipated, has enabled us to do 10,000 times more and much faster than I ever could have tried to do on my own and I never anticipated that. And the best thing of all, you can order your own wikispeed online for about £15,000. Do not move! We've got more ridiculously cool stories coming your way After the break... This amazing machine lays bricks to make a brand new road... All with the press of a button! And... Yup this is a living room recliner zipping along at speeds of up to 35 km per hour. And we're going to meet its creator. Hi there! And welcome back to How Tech Works. I'm Dr. Basil Singer. Now, we all know that laying bricks can be a really, really tough job. But, a recent Dutch innovation may just about change all of that. About an hour's drive south of Amsterdam, we discovered some new technology called tiger-stone. Have a look for yourself. This is Wega Straat in Veldhoven, Netherlands. And today, it's getting a makeover. These guys work fast. But it's a back-breaking job. That's why they're getting a hand from tiger-stone. Tiger-stone is a paving machine that comes in a four or five or six meter width. And what it does, it paves the road. Alexander Hardebol has the unenviable task of maneuvering the monster machine into the tiny European street, under the curious, watchful eyes of workers and neighbors alike. He manages to squeak it into place with inches to spare. My first impression was a very big machine and I heard it, I thought, no it cannot be true. The stones come out of the machine as a carpet. And I saw it the first time and I thought wow this is great. That's right, this machine rolls out roads. When they start, the machine is like two meters backwards and they start making the pattern. And they work up into the machine. As the road workers build up the pattern, one enthusiastic resident can't resist pitching in much to their amusement. Now I can tell my grandchildren, grandma helped build this street! Once the patterns built up, guys climb on board and fill the chute to the top. Then, with a push of a button, they roll the machine backwards. It's like Tetris. The stone seeks its own way and then fits on the other stones so you don't have to put, when you are on your knees, you need to hammer the stones with your hands at the right place. But with this machine, you can let the stones glide down and they find their way. Guided by a curb-side sensor, it unfurls a perfect patch of road. When the machine is working at 6m wide, it's 1500 kilos that pushes the stones down. And that's all gravity. And that's why it gets, it tightens and it locks the stones, and it pushes them to the side. Tiger-stone takes a lot of pressure off the pavers. Normally they sit on their knees all day long, and they got sore knees. Their hip is wearing. Their back is hurting them. And they need to work a lot of years. What we did, we brought the road up so they can stand. And the first time, they all, especially the older pavers, they say, "no, I don't want to stand on that machine, bla, bla" but, when they work a week with it, they are so excited, they really love it. It's not only easier, it's faster too. Normally they make, let's say 100 square meters one person and with this machine, 150 square meters a day. Tiger-stone is remarkably quiet because it's electric. You don't have the noise all day from a big diesel motor. And guys no longer have to sit out a job because of weather. We also have machines with a cover on top of it so they can work when it's raining or when the sun is very, it's burning, they are out of the... they work in the shade. And then when it rains, they are dry. Alexander is a big fan of the machine. but he's not the inventor. Yeah, that's a special job. That's my job. I'm the engineer of the machine. Henk Van Kuijk got the idea when his own street was repaved. The project took almost a year. It was rainy... It takes too long! So I said, "Okay it's marvelous, the people on their knees..." and I said maybe I can better! He made it easy to use for one very simple reason. We don't have enough young bricklayers here in Holland. How do you say that? It's not so popular. And yet, roads in Europe and other parts of the world are still being paved with stone. The benefit instead of asphalt is when you need to work in the sewers or cables, or whatever, you can open up the road, you can fix it, and you can put the road back. It's very common in the Netherlands that we use these kinds of stone. And you see now in countries where it's very hot, there's the asphalt melting and you see now that they are also going to these brick stones. So it seems there's a long and bright road ahead for the tiger-stone. Ok, so you've got a need for speed. maybe there's a new sports car or new motorcycle on your wishlist? But, you're having trouble putting the financing together. Well, you're gonna love our latest story. Let me introduce you to Chris Mackintosh, a fellow who makes fast vehicles, which in itself is not very unusual, I know. It's just that the vehicles Chris makes are a little... How shall I put it? ... Weird. Ladies and gentlemen, gearheads and techno-lads, I bring you... recliner guy. 125 cc motorcycle engine nine horsepower, four strokes. Top speed? Well, Chris Macintosh is no La-Z-Boy. So, way too fast for his mother's living room. For Chris, kicking back means break-necking it on the open road. I guess I kind of have a need for speed. And... You know, just going fast in your car doesn't quite do it. So he turned a Craigslist recliner into a modern man's road warrior. The ergonomics are comfortable, really. There's a foot panel up front so you have a firm place to put your feet when you're, you know, holding on for dear life. And the racing harness just makes it feel that much more exciting. When you are driving it, it's a white-knuckle ride I guess. It's really meant for smooth surfaces, that's when it handles best. Side-to-side it is very stable. It's got a lot of weight keeping you on the ground. There's a wheelie bar to prevent backwards tipping which does happen on acceleration if I want to do a wheelie. And Chris wants to do wheelies. Wouldn't you? Crafting cool creations from found objects isn't new for this engineering student. He's already built a hovercraft, an air-powered potato gun, and a moped. But nothing brings out his inner gear-head quite like this motorized recliner. It's controlled by basic go-kart steering, kinda the go-kart steering linkage. There's a steering wheel. The shifting is electro pneumatic. So there is compressed air that powers a pneumatic cylinder and that pneumatic cylinder has valves on it that are triggered by a switch on the steering wheel. And because Chris dropped more than just loose change under these cushions. Well over $1,000 for sure, maybe, probably close to 2,000. He needs to see his investment pay off in speed. In terms of the race, I... just hope nobody gets hurt. He's pitting his motorized recliner against his makeshift moped. I had this old BMX bike lying around and I had this leaf blower engine that was part of my hovercraft. And... I'd been thinking for a while it'd be really cool to use this engine to do something else, you know, especially something that would just go fast. The recliner is Chris' favorite. In addition to speed, it is very comfortable. It's definitely a luxury vehicle I would say. So his buddy, Julian, gets the bike. Julian is pumped. That thing also flies. But Chris is oozing confidence. The recliner has been performing like a monster all morning. He's eyeing a win. Until the monster loses its roar. So what's going on? Some electrical issues with the shifting. Chris is stumped. When I turn it on... there is a buzzing. It's not a good sign. There's something going on in this box. I want to take the box lid off. We need a Philips. After a lot of prodding and probing, he still can't get the compressor to fire. Eventually, he comes up with a workaround. We'll have to manually turn the compressor on and off. Shifting manually will slow the recliner down, but the race is a go. They take their marks. You ain't got nothing. And it seems Julian is the one sitting pretty now. You're going down, buddy. You ain't got nothing. Set... go! Just seconds after they are off one thing becomes very clear. Never bet against the house, especially when it's going 40 miles an hour. Well, that's all the time we've got, Thanks for watching How Tech Works. Until the next time... I'm Basil Singer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 