How Tech Works: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 How Tech Works 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 How Tech Works (2012–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On this episode of How Tech Works... A mighty impressive car with cutting edge technology... from over a hundred years ago. And... this piece of future tech from the European Space Agency is turning more than a few heads as it gets ready for a trip... to Mars! Download MyTotal.TV to watch your favorite TV www.mytotal.tv THE BEST TV APP Hello there! My name is Dr. Basil, and for the next half hour you won't want to be anywhere but right here as we check out incredible tech stories 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 from around the globe. Today on How Tech Works we get up close and personal with a hurricane and several bolts of lightning. Talk about a force of nature. But first... if I said the words 'hybrid car' I'll wager you're likely to think of a vehicle built in the last couple of years. Right? Well what if I showed you a car with cutting age Eco-technology that's over 100 years old? It's from the fine folks at Porsche and it's the coolest set of wheels since the turn of the last century. Take a look. Porsche's Weissach test track is usually closed to outsiders 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but today journalists from all over the world are getting a sneak peak at a one of a kind vehicle. It's a replica of the Lohner Porsche Semper Vivus. A groundbreaking prototype designed by Ferdinand Porsche himself when he was only 23. Way back in the year 1900. The vehicle is reborn. Painstakingly recreated by the man behind the wheel. My name is Hubert Drescher. I'm a car body maker by occupation. This is the first operational hybrid vehicle in the world. We've got two single-cylinder fuel combustion engines here, which provide power to two generators. The electricity that's produced there flows directly into the electric wheel hub motors and the batteries. If the combustion engines are turned off, then the electricity from the batteries directly powers the wheel hub motors. It's called Semper Vivus. That's Latin for 'always alive'. Because it's batteries are kept alive by power from the petrol engines. It's got a range of 120 miles which is really actually quite impressive back then. The Semper Vivus was the first functional hybrid car in the world. And we at the Porsche Museum, we want to document this great idea to our audience. And at the moment Porsche started a big hybrid offensive, and for that reason this car is a great symbol of innovation, for the ideas of Ferdinand Porsche. When the Porsche museum commissioned Hubert to recreate Semper Vivus, they also handed him a big problem. They didn't have any plans. My god. The only surviving record, a couple of photographs. One. And two. When Porsche asked me whether I could replicate this vehicle, I was really surprised. We only had two photographs to refer to, and I was thinking to myself, how on earth would we be able to construct something like this let alone replicate it?' to be as true to the original as possible. He's got a workshop in Germany's Black Forest region where he restores cars and builds replicas. First we had to carry out extensive research. It was crucial for us to gather as much information as possible. He gathers information from archives and scrutinizes the photos. He uses some calipers to calibrate the diameter of the front wheel with its hub motor. From the technical descriptions we had, I knew that the wheel diameter was 875 millimeters. Given that measure, I was able to scale up measurements from the photos. With the measurements he builds the car using 3D engineering software. On top of the challenge of having only a few photos to refer to, the photos showed the vehicle from one side only. We didn't know what the car looked like from the opposite side, nor the rear, nor the front. So Huber has to rely on his 26 years of experience working on old cars. He has to reverse-engineer Sember Vivus figuring out how all the parts work together. Then the build starts. Some parts he makes himself others are outsourced using Hubert's engineering data. The rear tires come from a vulcanizer in Frankfurt. They aren't shaped properly so Hubert has to shape them on a lathe. The project takes three years and costs about half a million pounds. Just before he finishes his reconstruction the Porsche museum finds an original sketch of Semper Vivus at an auction. It confirms that Hubert's proportions are pretty much bang on. Back at Weissach... the petrol engines are being a little fussy. Just when I have to showcase it on camera! A little starter fluids does the trick. The replica even reproduces the quirks of the original prototype. For example. only the central battery case has suspension. to protect the glass-covered batteries from bumps. When you sit in it, the entire vehicle body moves from side-to-side. It takes a bit of time to get used to. Top speed for Semper Vivus about 25 miles an hour. It could go faster but it's not a good idea. You really have to get used to the fact that the vehicle is relatively fast compared to the steering capabilities the driver has. If you drive too fast you won't be able to keep up with the steering. Early in the last century automotive engineers turned away from electric power because of the weight of the batteries. But today, things have come full circle and electric power is back. It's really a very special feeling when you sit on top and drive a vehicle that you built yourself." Now it's time to return Semper Vivus to the Porsche museum. An awesome symbol of innovation for its time and far too precious to be driven on the open road. When it comes to innovations in the space industry, let's face it, most people usually think of NASA but the European space agency is developing an incredible piece of future tech called 'Eurobot'. This two armed, stereo-vision martian robot is the star attraction in a dress rehearsal for the 56 million kilometer journey to Mars. And it's taking place in the Spanish desert. This is a robotic space rover. It's got four wheels, two arms, and a camera system for extra terrestrial reconnaissance missions. We are here to basically, for the first time, test it out in a real Mars-like environment. Phillippe Shoonejans is essentially this robot's guardian. As project director with the European space agency, he's decided it's time to take the Eurobot on its first field trip to Rio Tinto, Spain. Up to now we have tested it in the lab It was designed to work in a real environment but now we need to do it and we have to make sure that nothing breaks and we have to see whether the cameras can make their way through obstacles, so it's absolutely important to test it in the real environment With 3D vision and transformer like arms that have interchangeable tools, this robot is designed to be an astronauts best friend. It weighs nearly 600 kilograms. And it can carry about 150 kilograms The weight of one fully loaded astronaut and a cargo. But it's agile too. It can reverse and turn on a penny. Our goal is to look at different ways of performing tasks on the surface of the planet. So this could be either with people alone, or it could be the combination of people with robotics. Or the robot alone. We want to measure how effective all of this is. Eurobot doesn't move very fast though. Only about three miles per hour. But it can respond to voice commands or the movements of the joystick. It can go totally by itself or it can be telly operated from either the earth or it can be commanded from somebody within an orbiting station around the moon or around Mars, and then you can operate it without time delay. In development for eight years now, many are wondering if and when it might be set on a mission. It could be ready in maybe 10 years or so, but I think the more important question is when does Europe or the world want to go to the moon or Mars with people? And only then will it be used so I think it is a more political question than a technical one at the moment. For now, one small test for the Eurobot on earth in preparation for a giant leap on the moon or Mars. I think first go to the moon as it is a lot closer and easier. And the next step would be Mars. But that's far away and I am not sure I'll be there to enjoy it. Coming up on How Tech Works: What happens when you put a human in a wind tunnel and subject him to hurricane force winds? Well, fearless reporter Dan Riskin is about to find out all in the name of tech journalism Zap! We visit a lab in Cardiff, Wales that uses super high powered lightening to test the next generation of airplane materials. Welcome back to How Tech Works. I am Dr Basil. Now you might call this next segment lightening in a bottle or maybe lightening on a plane. Have you ever wondered what happens to a commercial aircraft when lightning strikes it mid flight? Then this story will hit the spot. A lab in Cardiff uses super high power lightening to test the next generation of airplane materials and the results just may shock you. But you know, in a good way. Lightening. One of the most powerful forces in nature. A real lightening bolt is about 3000 amps has three times as much current. Lightening circuits might draw say one amp. And a kettle might use ten. But here we got 100'000 which is a lot bigger. We make lightning to test airplane parts. Now that's really important because air-crafts get hit by lightning around once per year. Normally that's not a problem. Things with very good conductivity don't really blow up at all. So, Aluminum with no paint on top nothing is going to happen there. To demonstrate that, Phillippe bolts a piece of plane to his blasting table. This test is going to be to Aluminum. It's what aircraft are made of most of the time. We're putting in a very fine fuse wire because we're not interested in it conducting, We just want it to breach the gap between the electrode and the plate. Creating lightning is pretty easy. We turn the chargers on. We put the energy into the capacitors Once they're full, we get to press the fire button. That sends compressed air down to the switch which rams one piece of copper towards another and then when it's close enough, it sparks over. Phillip wants a detailed record of what happens when his lightning hits the metal. The camera we've been using is a high-speed camera. We've been running it at about 30-thousand frames per second which seems optimal. With a very small apparature setting. It's insanely bright. It's about 200 million watts just in the arc that we're looking at. And that's intense. It has to be processioned perfectly. Okay, I'm taking it up, Chris. Out in the lab itself it sits inside a metal box to protect it from all the RF". Is it high enough, Chris? and it's got a piece of plexiglass in front of it to stop any debris, hitting its lens damaging it Ready here. Carry on. We connect to it via Fiber optics and control it from a laptop in our control room. Then the entire lab is cleared and locked down. Alright, the camera is ready. Do you want to start the charging? Charger on. Charger off. -Ready to fire? -Fire. Okay we got it. On video everything looks good. This captured really nicely. We can really see exactly where the arc was and we can see the reflecting in the aluminum surface. If that was the wing of an airplane it would be absolutely fine. Even with Philippe's super lightening there's barely a mark on the aluminium. Slight blemish on the surface. Superficial really. That's great news for the planes today but Phillippe has his eye on the future when planes will be made out of Carbon Fiber. Aircraft companies want to use Carbon Fiber because it's a lot lighter. And it resists fatigue so much better than aluminium. But there's a downside. It isn't so good against lightning. It's 500 times more resistant, which means it's 500 times harder to get electricity to go through it. And it does get 500 times hotter when you hit it with lightening. If you just had untreated Carbon Fiber, with no means of conducting the current around it, it's almost certainly gonna have a hole in it. And that's not good. Building a plane out of untreated Carbon Fiber would be suicide. So Phillippe tests Carbon Fiber coated with a thin layer of conductive metal. -Okay, ready? -Fire. I think we got it. Phil, this looks good. Wanna come out and look? That's just the top few plys that have evaporated under the epoxy, but let's take out and have a look on the other side. -There you go, Chris. -Absolutely nothing. So, all's good. Aircraft skin is absolutely fine for use in flight. The layer of conductive mesh did its job. And you can see that it's not good enough to carry all the current in one small area. But it doesn't have to be. Once it's gone around about this big, the current going out through it it isn't enough to melt it even though we've got 100 thousand amps Phillippe will continue to test a variety of coatings. different metals and different frequencies. All to make sure, planes of the future can survive the biggest blasts that mother nature can dish out. And while we're on a perfect storm kick, You weather buffs out there most unpredictable and devastating phenomena. Thankfully not many of us will ever experience a hurricane first hand But we found someone who will. All in the name of science. Meet Dr. Dan Riskin. Our intrepid reporter. Hurricanes, one of natures deadliest forces. Ripping winds, surging waters combining to cause destruction of a massive magnitude. Getting caught in one? Definitely scary. Choosing to experience one? Maybe crazy. How do you find out what it's like to be in a hurricane without actually having to be in a hurricane? You have to find a big chamber where they can blow a lot of wind at you and a lot of rain. Check this out. Alright we're in the wind tunnel before we get up to hurricane let's just try to see what it's like in a tropical storm. Most can 'weather' a tropical storm. High winds and heavy rain are nasty alright. But they often get worse. A hurricane can span the size of a small country and last for days. Alright. We're gonna see what a real hurricane feels like. I've got a helmet, got goggles. I got a windbreaker and I am harnessed to the ground so I don't go blowing out of here. I'd say this is windier than I've ever experienced. Going to go a little higher. This is starting to feel like I am skiing. This is a hundred kilometers an hour. Alright now it's getting... this is a little bit extreme. It's hard to believe it could be this windy in the real world. I'm now going 150 kilometers an hour. This is insane. Wow this hurts. My clothes are hitting my skin hard enough that it's... Turns out I made it past the category two and into a three. Sustaining winds of 200 km an hour. The only reason I could handle that is because I was tethered, right? On your two feet, you would have flown. So I managed these winds all tied down. But we wanted to show you what category 3 winds would do to a street sign. First, safety. Flying steel could hit us or slice through the mesh protecting the fans Mistakes no one wants to make. So what do you guys think is gonna happen to this? Well we're going to see a bit of resonance on that sign. Just like a standing wave, sort of a wiggle? Well, you're going to get more than a wiggle. -It's about to fall. -Take it down. Going down. It sure blows your mind that the wind can bend metal like that. If a category three can bend metal, we're gonna see if a category 5 can move metal. A 1200 kg compact car to be exact. Even with steel chains as anchors, and the roof tied down, wheels are spinning and this car is getting pushed around. Look at the hood. Alright so you've seen what the wind does to a car, but in a hurricane there'd be rain too right? So let's throw some of that in. I think I get why you're not supposed to go outside during a hurricane. In addition to everything else that's cool about that story, I love the fact that it's actually someone's job to create and build those wind tunnels. Just imagine if it was you, and someone asked you at a cocktail party what you did. Yeah, I make wind tunnels. I've got loads of fans. Get it? See what I did there? Well that's all the time we've got for today. Thank you very much for watching How Tech Works. Until next time, I'm Dr. Basil. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 