Crusoe: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Crusoe 
 s1e8 - Heroes and Villains - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Crusoe (2008–2009): Season 1, Episode 8 - Heroes and Villains - full transcript 
 The mutineers have repaired captain Taylor's ship weeks earlier then Robinson anticipated, so everything must be speeded up. His plan to overtake the mutineers' cruel leader Will Atkins was... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 t.me/@Abolix CRUSOE: It's been over a week since we've eaten meat. Meat is overrated. Fruit is good for purging the system of toxins. That's the trouble. My system's being purged far too regularly for my liking. (GRUNTS) Friday, what are you doing? That's a fire ant colony. I need some more for my collection. Here we go. That was not so painful. (EXCLAIMS) They're in my britches! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 CRUSOE: I warned you those things are lethal. But no, you had to go stick your nose in, didn't you? There must be something about you that they cannot resist. (BOTH LAUGH) What's so special about them, anyway? These ants have medicinal qualities. (DUNDEE WHIMPERING) We were wondering when you'd finally roll up. Some guard dog you are. (WHIMPERS) They finished their repairs. OLMA: It's Will Atkins. He's had them working night and day. How long do we have? His plan is to sail in 48 hours on the high tide. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What about the real crew? Still prisoners. He's moved them all into the ship. They're locked in the brig. What's your plan? If Captain Taylor's on board, I don't have one. What? What? I thought we'd have a couple of weeks. I mean, you saw the damage. We have two days to overturn the mutiny and reinstate the Captain. Then we'd better get started. OLMA: Just let me help you. Do you think I want to serve under mutineers? You can't do this without me, Crusoe. Look what happened last time you tried. Ah, Crusoe. I've lived as one of them for two years. I slit the throat of the last man who tried to cross me. You did that? Yes, I did. All right. First thing you need to do is go back to the ship. What are you going to do? Come with you. OLIVER: There you are, Captain Taylor. ELIZABETH: It's not healing like it should. OLIVER: It's this climate. We should be in England. Oh, Elizabeth. Don't give up hope. It may happen sooner than you think. (MAN COUGHING) I'm done here. Thank you. (DOOR OPENS) (GRUNTING) (PEOPLE CHATTERING) MAN: Toast to the morning tide! (MEN SINGING) (MEN LAUGHING) TAYLOR: Mr. Crusoe. I'd given up hope of ever seeing you again. Does our agreement still stand? Restore the ship to my command, I'll guarantee you safe passage to England. Have your men ready at dawn. TAYLOR: We'll need weapons. We'll raid the ship's armory. Oliver will take Atkins and the worst of his men on a fool's errand into the jungle. Once they're gone, we'll back for the rest of his company. Why not take the ship now while we have the chance? And fight below decks against those numbers? No, I don't think so. We'll take the leaders out and the rest will turn. You have no stomach for a fight, it seems. Think what you like. There is a man who could use a tragic accident. The first time I ever fought for my life, it was on a ship just like this. CRUSOE: It was the day I sailed from England. And from that day to this, I never knew who the man was or why he'd want to kill me. (BELL DINGING) (PEOPLE CHATTERING) (GRUNTING) (GROANING) (MUFFLED SCREAMING) (EXCLAIMS) (FOOTSTEPS PATTERING) Atkins is coming. Captain Taylor, you've been deceiving me. Hodges here, found this in your cabin. French? And I found this coat of yours. (LAUGHING) Rather a good fit. Don't you think? It is indeed the coat of a gentleman, but you've somehow managed to look like an organ grinder's monkey. Proud words from a man facing ruin. That's true, isn't it? You've sunk your entire fortune into this voyage. See where it's got you. Look on the bright side, Taylor. If you weren't locked up in your own brig, you'd be languishing in a debtor's prison. (LAUGHS) I'll take charge of these. I want that man sober when I throw him overboard. You'll need this tomorrow. I want to apologize. For what? For my behavior last time. I should have shown more resolve. Will you forgive me? TAYLOR: What did the savage want? Nothing. Is it true? What? On top of all these other troubles, that the cost of this adventure has ruined us? If Crusoe can restore the ship to my command, I can begin to trade again. We may avoid poverty yet. Don't even imagine this redeems you. Get back to the ship. What do you want? I found something you'd like to see. What might that be? The castaway's home. Deep in the jungle. I was collecting plants. Hodges! I need some reliable men. We have one last score to settle. Aye, sir. This is rather early for you. I haven't been to bed yet. Now, I want you to load the medical chests onto the boat. And look lively, lad, I'm going to get forty winks. You'll have to do it yourself. Don't you argue with me, boy. The boy is working for me today. Olivia is leaving with Atkins. I will follow them. I'll get back to the ship and help Taylor. Come on now. Atkins and his men have gone into the jungle. Quietly, men. I think that's far enough. What the deuce are you talking about, man? I'm afraid there won't be any little trip to shore today. (SCOFFS) Says who? Says me and them. I don't understand. Your lieutenant has turned traitor. You told Atkins everything? Sorry, Taylor, but I've been waiting for my chance to switch to the winning side. And until you'd made a plan, I had nothing to offer. You could've had your freedom. I don't think so. Not if it depends on Crusoe. I think the island's made him soft. ATKINS: So, you say, you were out looking for plants and you just ran across this place. OLIVER: A stroke of luck. I'm often in the jungle, looking for herbs. How does he live? In a tree house. Oh, how quaint. We're certainly going to shake his tree. If we surprise him, his capture should be easier. I'll surprise him, all right. And his death will be a fitting way to say goodbye to this accursed island. (MAN COUGHING) Well, he's choking. Do something. (GASPS) What's happening here? I have information. Who are you trying to fool? Now, boy, you better tell me where Crusoe's hideout really is. I have a savage to catch. You'll hang for this, Davenport. Whereas with you I'd prosper? Don't even bother trying to swim for it. By now, they're all over your little hideout. Tell me, what do you think your educated savage is worth in the slave market? Before this is over, you and I will have a reckoning. You're in no position to threaten me. Tie them up! Take another step and I'll shoot. Oh, I applaud your bravery, Mrs. Taylor. You have one chance to hit me with that musket. I'll wager you five guineas, you miss. (MEN LAUGHING) (STARTLED SCREAMS) (GRUNTING) TAYLOR: Come. Save Friday and the boy. Go! Get out while you can. (GRUNTS) Surrender or die! So glad you could join me. (LAUGHING) I am very impressed with your little hideaway. It's quite the Englishman's castle. What have you done with Oliver and Friday? (CRUSOE GRUNTING) Don't worry, you haven't missed anything. You know it's tradition, in the navy, of discipline. Hodges here, is something of an expert in the field. He's been on the receiving end often enough. (LAUGHING) You have your boat. What else do you want? Your slave, Friday. We haven't found him yet. Friday is not my slave. More fool you, but he is going to be ours. (GRUNTING) Friday! If you value Crusoe's life, you'll hand yourself in. CRUSOE: Don't listen to him! (PANTING) (GRUNTING) (LOUDLY) The longest I've ever known a man last is 40 lashes. (WHIPPING) (GRUNTS) (SCREAMING) ATKINS: Quicker than I thought. Find him. He's somewhere near by. HODGES: He nearly took me finger off. (SHOUTING) Unless you'd all like a lashing yourselves. Wrap your hand and stop whining. Get him into the tree house! (GRUNTS) (PANTING) You do know, he's going to find you and start killing you, one by one. Plenty of time to change sides. Let's go. (CRUSOE GRUNTING) (MUFFLED GRUNTING) I'm so sorry. CRUSOE: It's not your fault. We were betrayed. Strip the place of anything of value. Then prepare to torch it. (MAN SCREAMS) Well, where is he? You're supposed to have captured him. (GROANS) HODGES: He's working his way through us all, till we're all dead. Just like the castaway warned. We should've sailed when we had the chance. There is one man out there, not an army. And we set sail after we've captured him. Not a minute before. Do I make myself clear? HODGES: How much longer do you think you can make us follow you with idle threats? (MUFFLED GRUNTS) With cowards like you? As long as I want. (GROANS) ATKINS: He's on the bridge! (MAN SCREAMING) (GUN FIRING) (YELLS) (GRUNTING) (SCREAMING) Drop it! HODGES: Hold it! Drop the bow or I'll kill him. (PANTING) You better do as he says or he'll do it. If he dies, you will die also. It's Hodges, isn't it? Yes. What binds you to Atkins here? Love, loyalty or fear? That's enough. Mostly the last one. Hodges! Do you want to continue in fear, or end it now? Don't listen to him. Kill him. Atkins will get you killed or hanged. Side with me and you're a free man. No hard feelings, but I don't think this mutiny lark is for me, after all. Your sword. CRUSOE: Tie him up. We need to get back to Taylor. Do the honorable thing. Kill me now. I can't go back alive. If you were honorable, I may consider it. (GRUNTING) Crusoe! (GASPS) I guess that makes it twice that you've saved my life. (PANTING) (CRYING) (GASPING) (GRUNTING) Tell me what to do. (GASPING) Keep pressure on the wound. What else? (GASPING) I don't know yet. I think the bullet went clean through. (SOBBING) Crusoe. Hang on, I'm right here. If I die... No, no. You won't die. (FOOTSTEPS PATTERING) I'm going for help. Move your hands. (GRUNTS) Keep the pressure here. Where's that mongrel of mine? You don't have a dog. My apprentice. The man is drunk. DAVENPORT: You wouldn't want him sober. He shakes more. CRUSOE: Davenport! Oh, Crusoe. Go on, take his pistol. Listen to me. Will Atkins' day is over. This ship is now under the command of Captain Taylor. Hear him out, lads. He's got an offer for you. It's the death penalty for a mutineer. You all know this. But you have one defense. You served under Atkins and his men out of fear for your lives. But Atkins is finished. And his other men are dead. Abandon this mutiny and return to England as free men! Free men! Captain Taylor, here, will vouch for your character. Am I right about that, Captain? With one exception. I wouldn't pin my hopes on a dead man. (GROANS) Your orders, Captain Taylor? Before we sail, I need a surgeon. Not that one. I'll do what I can. Patched up enough of his mistakes. Get ready to sail. Right, men. Dismantle this camp. (ALL CHATTERING) CRUSOE: There's something I need to tell you about Oliver. I already know. You do? Credit me with some intelligence. I'm not one of the men. Crusoe. She keeps drifting in and out. CRUSOE: Rum? She used that to clean her wound. ELIZABETH: She's absolutely right. If that wound gets infected, she's dead. We've got to get it closed up. With what? Rowley uses catgut. (SIGHS) It's all we've got. ELIZABETH: We've got to use something else. Wait. Open it up. When these ants bite, they will hold the two sides together. Hold this. When I twist the heads off, the jaws will keep the wound closed. (GROANING) I can't believe it's working. Of course it is. (SIGHS) It is done. You never cease to amaze me. Takes more than a fancy coat to be a commander, Atkins. But what would you know of honor or moral compass? Once they've hanged you, no one will even know you were born. (CRUSOE PANTING) Is it done? Yes, the boy survived the operation. But we'll have to wait until morning before we can move him. What about the tides? Well, the tides in the morning will be high enough, just. How can you be sure? (CHUCKLES) Sir, I've been marooned on this Island for over six years. Do you think I don't know everything there is to know about the tides? So be it. But we sail with or without the boy. Sir. Mutiny follows you around, Captain Taylor. CRUSOE: I'll take over. It should be me lying there. It's not the first time someone's tried to kill me. At least this time I know who and why. SAMUEL: You can predict where the river deaths are going to turn up. When they wash in from the sea, it's anyone's guess. BLACKTHORN: I know about the tides. Did you have his mother drowned? Man, 30 years or less. Right place, right time and a stab wound. But not the right man. Bad luck. You know, I think I've worked it out. Have you, indeed? SAMUEL: They say, you tried to adopt Robin Crusoe as your own. Now, you want to get control of his son. What for? You're rich, they've got nothing. Not exactly. But, it's not about what you can get from the Crusoes, is it? It's what the Crusoes could take from you. Good Lord, Jeremiah. That look could geld a stoat. What did I say? (CHUCKLES SOFTLY) More than is wise. How are you? I'm alive. Unless I came to haunt you from the death. (CHUCKLES) You've been enough trouble to me in this life to be bothering me from the next. (BOTH CHUCKLE) Oh, no, no, no. Careful, careful, careful. I know how to deal with stitches. Well, they're not exactly stitches. I made you some broth. Thank you. (CHUCKLES) (GROANS) Are you trying to kill me? No, I'm trying to strengthen you up. It's a bit of a walk to the ship. Do you think Captain Taylor would leave without us? He may leave without us, but he won't leave without his wife. Eat up. I've got a few last things to do. I'm ready if you are. I'm ready. All stowed away, Captain. Shall I tell the crew to make ready to sail? Confound Crusoe! We're gonna miss the tide. Where is he? Perhaps you could ask Mrs. Taylor, sir. What do you mean by that? Where are they? On the way to the boat. Taking it easy with the patient. These are beautiful. Did you draw them yourself? I just copy what I see. You should put the names on them. I'm yet to master writing in English, let alone Latin. Well, perhaps on our voyage, you will allow me to help you label them. It depends. On whether you are going to be a strict teacher like the ones Crusoe told me from his childhood. Only if you misbehave. I could help you with the first label now if you wanted. OLMA: How much further? CRUSOE: It's not far. OLMA: You must be exhausted. (LAUGHS) You're not that heavy. You need to rest now, don't you? CRUSOE: All right. Just a minute. All right? Yes. Feeling better. You see, it's the longest way around, but it's the easiest. When you have a body to carry. Exactly. You've been gone for a long time, haven't you? Yes, I have. What if my children have forgotten me? You're their father. They will never forget you. I just hope they're safe. (SOPHIE LAUGHING) "To those who are in years, but babes "I bow my pen to teach them what the letters be "And how they may learn their A, B..." SAMUEL: Sister, are you there? Now go and play, Sophie. SAMUEL: Now, come along, Sister, you don't want to make a fuss and frighten the children. Who are these men? Bailiffs. You have no right coming into my house. Ah, now, there's the problem. You see, strictly speaking, they do. You see, Mrs. Crusoe, it turns out that your husband's investment didn't fully cover his liabilities. Meaning what? Meaning we're entitled to recover the balance in goods and property. In fact, we're more or less obliged to. Breaks my heart. But what can you do? We're taking the warehouse. It's legal. So, pick up your brats and go. Go where? I've never seen it myself, but I'm told that you can pass for pretty. Nathan? Hmm. Still, a pretty face can always find a benefactor. Or failing that, there's the parish. Just don't think about going home, Sister. You've burned your bridges there. And no mistake. I was thinking, Samuel... SUSANNAH: I'd engage an attorney to get our property back, but I've nothing to pay one with. BLACKTHORN: We can discuss that later. I'll work for our keep. Please. I mean it, Mr. Blackthorn. We're not here for charity. But you are in need, which is good for my soul. Now, Sophie. In this house, you look but you never ever touch. Hmm? No part of you will miss this place? Not a single part. At least you can say you conquered it. I didn't conquer it. If I've learnt anything from being here, it's humility. (LAUGHS) You? Humble? You should put on your disguise. I'd sooner see out the rest of my days here as Olivia than to go back to being the surgeon's apprentice. If it meant staying here with you. Olivia... Just... I'm sorry. Just ignore me. Please. Listen, maybe... Maybe it could have worked out in another life. Here. I need to walk. Well, if all else fails, you could have a career as a master forger. Forgive me, madam. I have orders to bring you to Captain Taylor immediately. You, too. Why are you pointing that thing at me? You're about to find out. Tell him, Crusoe. Tell him we did nothing wrong. Hold your tongue or I'll confine you to your cabin. Where's Friday? He's in my brig. What for? His behavior towards my wife. Rowley's been looking for you. Get below. There's no justification for this. You have to release him. I am the captain of this ship. You don't give me orders. We had a deal. And I stand by it. But we said nothing of your companion. Once he's sold, we'll continue to England. Edmund! What? You wanted to know how we were going to survive. Well, now you know. I misjudged you. You're no better than Atkins. Make your choice. Stay or go, but I'm selling the savage. He's no man's property. I put a mark on him that says different. I'm gonna enjoy this. Don't enjoy it too much. You're next. Keys. Do not risk your passage. Do not do... Friday! Yeah. Yeah. Don't walk away from me, boy! You need a lesson in respect, boy. Before you die, know this. My name is not Oliver, but Olivia Theresa. And mine is the last woman's face you'll ever see. You saw nothing. Where do you think you're going? You're a fool, Taylor. Even your own wife and daughter can see it. I may be a fool, but I do have the upper hand. If you don't want to sail, go back to your island. But I'm keeping the slave and there's nothing you can do about it. Then you sail without a surgeon. Let Friday go or I'm jumping ship. What's that to me? I still have Rowley. Rowley's dead. Do you smell something? That leg of yours is beginning to fester. How long do you think you can last on the voyage without me? It's true, Taylor. If that leg needs to come off, you want a good man at the knife. Gentlemen! Any man here care to cross the world without a surgeon? MAN 1: No. MAN 2: No, sir. MAN 3: No. Take him then. Go rot together on your godforsaken island. Prepare to set sail. I have no right to ask this of you. What is it? It's a letter. To Susannah. I wrote it in case anything was to happen to me on the crossing. I'm sorry about everything. You have nothing to apologize for. I was the fool. I meant what I said. About you and me in another life. Just not this one. Just not this one. Take care. No more fresh produce below deck. Everything on deck lashed down and secured. Then prepare to weigh anchor. We may yet have another life, Robinson Crusoe. Perhaps sooner than you think. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 