Dr. Stone: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dr. Stone 
 s1e1 - Stone World - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dr. Stone (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Stone World - full transcript 
 Several thousand years after a mysterious phenomenon that turns all humanity to stone, the extraordinarily intelligent, science-driven boy, Senku Ishigami, awakens. Facing a world of stone ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 That day, everyone in the world turned to stone. Listen up, Senku! I've made up my mind. I'm going to confess the feelings I've had for Yuzuriha for the past five years! Yeah? Well, that sure does sound interesting. I'll be cheering for you so hard that my vocal cords snap. From here in this science lab. You will? Thanks, Senku! Shut up. I'm not cheering one millimeter for you, you big oaf. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What? Make up your mind! And you haven't said anything for five years? How illogical can you be, idiot? I've got something for you that's logical as hell. A drug that'll stimulate your pheromone output to the max. A love potion, if you will. Take this, and you're set, ten billion percent. Thanks, Senku, but sorry. I can't rely on cheap tricks. Seriously, Senku? A love potion? Like those even exist. It's just gasoline. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I refined it from plastic bottle caps. Think about the molecular structure of polyethylene, moron. It's just a long gasoline molecule with a few hydrocarbons chopped off. You can tell by looking at it. Uh, no, I can't. No way. So... wouldn't Taiju-kun have died if he drank it? I was ten billion percent sure he wouldn't drink it. Not that strait-laced idiot. Yuzuriha! Sorry to keep you waiting. So, what's up, Taiju-kun? What did you want to tell me? A hundred yen says he gets rejected. Three hundred yen says he gets rejected hard. Five hundred yen says he gets rejected at full power. Ten thousand yen says he actually doesn't. Seriously? I was afraid that by telling her how I feel, she wouldn't even be my friend anymore. I've been a coward all this time. Hear me out, Yuzuriha. But today's the day. For the past five years, I've... What's that light? Yuzuriha! Hang on to that camphor tree! I don't know, but... What's going on? It's so dark. I can't move. I can't speak... Someone help! What's happening? Help... Help! Help me... Mom, Dad... Am I... going... to die? I'm not dead! I have to stay focused, or it'll suck me in. Wake up, damn it! Yuzuriha will be all right. I'm sure she's safe. I can't go down a coward. I'm going to confess to Yuzuriha! I'm going to survive by willpower alone! Whether it's for weeks or months... I'll tell her, no matter what! How many decades has it been? Centuries? Millennia? Well, I'm not giving up. I'm gonna tell Yuzuriha. I'll survive, even if it kills me! I broke out! I broke free! Finally! Stone fragments? I see. So it did happen to everyone. Just how much time has gone by? I'm sorry. This is all I can do for you right now. As long as the terrain hasn't changed too much, I should be able to follow the river back. Back to that camphor tree... Hey, something fell down. A stone carving of a bird? Whoever made this is amazing. Look at the detail on the wings. It looks so real. Maybe it is real. My friend said he saw one like that somewhere else. He posted a photo of it. Poor thing... It might be, like, a bird disease that makes its skin harden. Weekdays Weekends, Holidays Hours of Operation Animal Advocacy Week No vet's office is going to be open before school hours even start. You never think things through, do you? Yuzuriha! Besides, there's no way that carving could be a real bird. And you brought it to a vet? You're so silly. I'm embarrassed for you. Of all the people to just happen to run into me when I'm in the middle of being a dolt... Wait... Run into me? Yup, and here's another embarrassing kid who didn't think things through. Imagine that! Shuei Animal Hospital Come on, stop laughing. You did the same thing. We're gonna be late for school now. Yeah, you're right! Yuzuriha. I'd never mistake you. Even after thousands of years. You've been alive all this time. Good job staying alive! Well done, camphor tree! This whole time, you kept Yuzuriha from washing away and breaking apart! I'm sorry I couldn't protect you. Actually, you were the one who was protecting me, Yuzuriha. It's because of you that I was able to stay alive all this time, alone in that hopeless darkness, for hundreds of years... thousands of years... All right, I can finally say it. Let me finish saying what I was about to say that day. The rest of what I was saying on that day so long ago... I've loved you... for hundreds of years... thousands of years... I'm going to save you, Yuzuriha. I have no idea how yet, but I will— Follow the river downstream, big oaf "Follow the river downstream, big oaf." So you're finally awake, you big oaf. You're alive, Senku? Don't hug me while you're buck naked! I'll kill you! Today is October 5th, 5738. You slept in for a hell of a long time. I've been up and working for over six months already. So it's been... A good 3,700 years. How can you tell exactly what day it is? I just counted. How else would I know? Four, five, six, seven, eight... Damn, I almost lost consciousness again. I peak every 800,000 seconds or so. I guess it's like when you have diarrhea. Think and count at the same time. Use your brain in parallel. 116,427,065,530 seconds. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven... In that darkness? The entire time? Even if I could have awakened by sheer willpower, if I'd woken up naked in the winter, trying to find food would have been an instant game over. Starting in the spring is a must for survival. An accurate account of the time was information that I absolutely needed. All right, we're here. Time to stop blabbering and get to work. Senku, did you... Did you build this from scratch? I don't have enough manpower. Just producing the bare minimum to keep myself alive takes all day. In order to rebuild civilization, I need a big, muscle-bound meathead. I've been waiting for you this whole time, Taiju. I was ten billion percent certain that you were alive. There's no way a guy who was so intent on confessing to Yuzuriha would give in after just a few thousand years. You aren't that weak. Yeah. Of course I'm not. I'm counting on you to do all the brainy stuff, Senku. You can count on me to do the heavy lifting! Humanity spent two million years getting from the stone age to the modern age. We're going to sprint all the way back to the top. I'm going to take the world back. And I'll figure out the science behind the petrification and our revival. I'm going to save Yuzuriha. The two of us high school brats are going to build a civilization out of nothing. We're going to become the Adam and Eve of this stone world. This is exhilarating. At least it's a huge haul, I guess. What kind of cheat gave you that stamina? Amanita virosa: poisonous. Buna shimeji: edible. Amanita muscaria: poisonous. You can't tell this one's bad? It looks like it's right out of Mario. Next. Mugwort: edible. Monkshood. Who is there to kill, you moron? Yum! How did you season this? It's just salt that I pulled from seawater. Humans can enjoy just about anything with a pinch of salt. It's important for pickling, too. You could say it's primitive man's greatest discovery. Thanks, Senku, for everything! I'm going to make up for the thinking I can't do with brute force and diligence! Time to scavenge the other side! Hey, they're wild. Are these edible? Thinking won't help. Eating some will! I've seen him on TV before. He's the "strongest primate high-schooler," Shishio Tsukasa. It happened to him, too? Look! Someone besides me and Senku has survived! Who left this here? I did, idiot. It was you? Are we the only humans left in the world? We'll get more humans. That's a top priority. What future does humanity have with just us two dudes trudging on? That's true. Besides, why exactly were we freed from our petrification after 3,700 years? The rock rotted? Yeah. Supposing this weird mineral was corroded, isn't it suspicious that the two of us got out at almost the same time? Only six months apart after 3,700 years. There's a logical explanation behind every coincidence. You and I both washed up near this cave. Look at that stuff dripping from up there. It's the miracle liquid made from bat guano... Nitric acid. What? Nitric acid? What's that? I knew you'd say that, you big oaf. I'm not gonna waste time even explaining the gist of it. So you're saying this something-or-other acid corrodes the stone and revives them? If only it were so simple. I've been trying like a madman, using every method available to me. So many times... So many dozens of times... This is all in the realm of fantasy. Is it mineral? Is it cellular? I don't even have the equipment to find out anymore. So there are things in this world that even science can't explain? Here we go again with that tired cliché. That's why you hypothesize and experiment over and over. Science is a slow process. If only I had liquor, though... With the alcohol in liquor, Ethanol Nitric acid I could combine the nitric acid and ethanol to make nital. It's literally an industrial-strength etching agent. What did you just say, Senku? Huh? I said nital. It gets into the ferrite grain boundary and— Not that! I don't understand the brainy stuff. But "If only I had liquor"? Couldn't we make wine out of grapes? Not bad, you big oaf! Laboratory Okay, you can do all the grunt work from now on. That makes more sense. Laboratory Making wine couldn't be easier. Crush grapes and raisins and stuff, put it in a container, and just mix it every day until it's done. Though it would have been a crime to make liquor without a license back in our day. Three weeks... That should do it. You know, Senku, this would count as underage drinking, though. Not a problem. We're well over 3,700 years old. Oh, you're right! It's better than I thought it'd be. Though it's about ten billion times worse than what's on the market. I never knew it was so easy to make with just grapes. One step at a time. Things are about to get a little more tedious, though. Distilling Wine for Dummies, starting with brandy. Distilling, huh? No idea what that means! I knew you'd say that. Heat it, cool it, drip it. That concentrates the alcohol. Don't worry. People in the Mesopotamian Civilization were doing it in 3000 B.C. using clay pots. There's nothing you can't do if you try. This is exhilarating. Let me teach you, big oaf... It's not that there are things that science can't explain. You look for the rules behind those things. Science is just the name for the steady, pain-in-the-ass effort that goes into doing it. One year since I started experimenting... It didn't take as long as I thought. It's a slow but steady effort. I'm going to beat fantasy with science. This is exhilarating. This is a work of fiction, but the plants, animals, and production methods described are based on reality. Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise. Next Episode 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 