Designated Survivor: 60 Days: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Designated Survivor: 60 Days 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Designated Survivor: 60 Days (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ALL CHARACTERS, ORGANIZATIONS, PLACES AND EVENTS ARE FICTIONAL. IN THE ABSENCE OF THE PRESIDENT, OR IF THE PRESIDENT IS UNABLE TO PERFORM THE PRESIDENTIAL DUTIES, THE PRIME MINISTER OR LAWFULLY CHOSEN CABINET MEMBER SHALL BE ACTING PRESIDENT. ARTICLE 71, THE CONSTITUTION OF THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA THE ACTING PRESIDENT Hi, it's Monday, March 4th, and you're listening to TBN News Today. At the Korea-US FTA negotiations today, both parties agreed to lower the emission standard of diesel cars imported from the US. I have something to tell you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 About 25 to 50 thousand vehicles that are manufactured in the US and in compliance with the US safety standards will be imported starting on the 20th of next month. Although the government announced that it was a successful negotiation, some environmental organizations are voicing criticism, saying that the EPA's environmental impact statement is excessively lower than that of Europe. Vice ministers from the North and South will meet at Panmunjom this afternoon. We heard the opinions of those at the site. The current government... What is it? Well... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I have something to tell you. Don't. It's been less than a year since you got a new computer, six months since you got a new tablet, and your phone... Don't you think you should keep it until your contract ends? - That's not it. - No? Then go ahead and make your statement. I'll decide afterward whether or not I'll show mercy. Loan guarantee, loan, gambling, women. Is it any of the above? ...air the administrative speech to you live. Unprecedentedly, the ministers of each government agency and cabinet members are... What? Hey... CHANGE IN INTER-KOREAN RELATIONS Why are you here? You said Si-jin went on a field trip today, right? Should we go pick her up? Where did you say they went? The National Assembly. Oh, yes. That's right. The National Assembly... Shouldn't you be at the National Assembly, too? Next to the president? I wonder what you're doing here next to me instead of the president. I'll tell you. - Gang-yeon, I... - No way. Did you get fired? Fired? Of course not. Are you okay, Si-wan? What is going on? What the... What? CHANGE IN INTER-KOREAN RELATIONS Honey. Get up. Si-jin's teacher isn't answering her phone. What about Si-jin? We have to go get her. Honey. Si-wan. Hurry! This way! DAY 60: THE ACTING PRESIDENT EPISODE 1 THE DAY OF THE ATTACK, 9 A.M. Safety and security, the VIP's travel route, check. The top center section is good to go. Okay, good. CHIEF SECRETARY OF PRESIDENTIAL PROTOCOL CHOE HO-JEON PROTOCOL ADMINISTRATOR PARK SU-GYO Isn't the president greeting people from 1, 2, 3 steps away from the podium? Listen, Mr. Park. Are you trying to win a medal for saving costs by using less tape? The quick-tempered president will be excited and will pass right by it unless it stands out. Know what will happen then? The opposing parties will come together and have a ball. They'll say the president belittled the National Assembly and that he has no class. The newspapers will sing and internet sites will play accompaniment. It's not even the World Cup, but the whole nation will come together as one. How long has it been since you worked at the Blue House? It's been a year since I came to the Blue House and served the president. Su-gyo. Being a protocol administrator isn't about serving things to the president on a silver platter. You have to be more like a traffic light. A traffic light? Stop or go. Front or back. Left or right. You signal everyone, so the superiors don't crash into each other. It isn't that difficult. If you save tape and cause our leader's approval rating to drop, it'll be on your shoulders. - Is everything okay? - Yes. Let's go. Let's pick up our leader. CURRENT ECONOMIC TREND SPEECH PRESIDENT YANG JIN-MAN Mr. President, Secretary Choe called. The vehicles and the National Assembly are clear. You can leave as soon as you're ready. Here is the approval rating of the government administration as of yesterday. APPROVAL RATING GOVERNMENT ADMINISTRATION EVALUATION Do you know who the easiest man in the world is? No, I don't. One thing for sure is that it isn't me. Who is the easiest man? A president with a single-digit approval rating. If someone holds out a hand, regardless of who they might be, he'd be willing to give up his soul. Goodness, you guys. Smile a little. I'm not talking about myself. It's a joke the Prime Minister of France told me during the G20 Banquet. It's a joke. I'm ashamed, Mr. President. Gang-ho. Yes? You can still provide for your family even if you leave the Blue House, right? Pardon? Today, after the State of the Nation Address, if there seems to be no chance for a rebound, let's stop worrying about polls and approval ratings. I'm a failure anyway. What good would checking numbers every morning do me? You'd just be embarrassed, and I'd be shameless. - But Mr. President... - Secretary Cha. Isn't it almost time to leave? Yes, sir. Is something wrong? Give me a minute. STATE MINISTER OF POLITICAL AFFAIRS SIN SEONG-JUN I heard something shocking will be shared during the speech. You know what it is, right? Let's hear what the hidden card is. If you and I both knew, it wouldn't be a hidden card, but an obvious card. I don't know what it is. Come on. We both know you're lying. Let's ask the administrator of the Speechwriting Office for a copy of the speech. I'm the state minister of political affairs. It's my responsibility to mediate between the Assembly and the Blue House. The guys in the opposing parties need something to choose sides. Whether the fight be indoors or out. The sun is harsh right now. You don't want to be out there. What do you think? Should I have them buy sunscreen? Should I? You must be more worried about the opposing party's assemblymen than the president. No, not really. It isn't about the parties. We're all partners in government administration. Is this the Speechwriting Office? The script for today's State of the Nation Address... Yes. Could you have everyone and their mothers talking about it already? If you need to change buses, buy a bus ticket with your own money. Don't try to use the president's name to secure a spot. Yes, have a good day. You think you're a founding contributor of this administration, don't you? Your career ends with him. He hasn't served half his term yet, but he has a single-digit approval rating. This ship is going down. Start rowing, and row hard. You have strong arms. One, two. One, two. Do you think North Korea will agree to our requests by the end? We need to settle on a peace treaty within the year no matter what it takes. Only then will we be free from the attack of the opposing party. If North Korea-United States relations get resolved, I doubt North Korea will slow down. We can't let the American radicals lead public opinion. President Reynold must need something to show his people. The midterm elections are coming up. The US has made some unreasonable requests for the FTA renegotiations. They must know we're in no place to turn it down. He sells arms and peace. President Reynold is quite the natural-born businessman. Secretary Han. What do you think? Do you think I still have a chance left? Or... Please bring the president a warm cup of tea. You've done a good job thus far. A historian said that ever since Noron ruled during the Joseon Dynasty, President Yang Jin-man's administration was the first to succeed in the change of regime. So? Am I supposed to be satisfied with my title as the president that succeeded in regime change and sit here doing nothing but securing my seat for the rest of my term? Is that it? Is it? I wanted to change history, not just the government! What I want... is for you to stop getting hurt. Whether you change the nation or history, do as you please. However, you can't force me to think that there is anything more important than you, Mr. President. You don't have to worry about the FTA renegotiations. I've sent one of our people to ensure our alliance with the US won't suffer. These are the president's wishes. Okay. I'll have to ask for your cooperation. ENVIRONMENTAL EFFECTS EVALUATION CHIEF OF ECONOMIC AFFAIRS GU YONG-WAN The US negotiating team contacted us yesterday. They asked us to lower the environmental standards for vehicles from the US to fit the standards of the US, not Korea. The number of imported cars will go up to 50,000 instead of 25. However, I have attached the EPA's environmental impact statement which shows that the air pollution level is very low, as you can see. I know, I know. It's true. It's much lower than Korea's emission control standard. Of course the degree of air pollution and fine dust will rise. But what can we do? We're dealing with the US. When you encounter a tiger, it's best to throw snacks its way. Minister Park. We can't let it rip our limbs off, right? We have kids to feed at home. Minister Park, are you even listening to us? MINISTER OF ENVIRONMENT PARK MU-JIN A contaminated plastic bottle is no longer recyclable. It's just regular garbage that takes tax money to dispose of. I see you take public interest quite seriously. Minister Park, it's time for the meeting. Isn't this just as contaminated as well? It can't be recycled. Exhaust emissions? Minister Park, I almost forgot the most important part. If this renegotiation falls through and sparks a conflict between the two nations, then someone will have to put their job on the line. Excuse me, then. What was the number again? The number of cars that lowers the exhaust emission standard to the US's. The import quota is 50,000 vehicles. I'm more than happy to tell you twice, but at the negotiating table... I don't think it's 50,000. I think the calculation is incorrect. Excuse me, then. TOTAL OF 1.48 MILLION, ABOUT 1.5 MILLION VEHICLES I can't believe the president. How could he threaten your job? He's the one who pulled you from teaching to solve the fine dust matter. Now he's telling you to be his obedient puppet! Let's take a photo. Will Minister Park do as we wish? A science prodigy in high school, a professor at KAIST, and now the youngest minister in Korean history. What do you think all that means? That he's a genius? He's a goody-goody. I doubt he wants to be fired six months after being appointed. He has probably never experienced such dishonor in his life. True. I hear they called him Cinderella at the Sejong Office. It fits. He's a science professor with no background in politics, but the president personally made him a minister. The agriculture market can't be an exception. What? The agriculture market? South Korea is already effectuating the value of the FTA the best. Just look at the US's demand regarding the importation of diesel vehicles. Lowering the exhaust emission guidelines like the US is demanding is unacceptable to the Ministry of Environment. How could we? Due to concern and fear regarding air pollution, all countries are shifting toward Europe's strict guidelines. Still, after deep consideration and serious debate... Make sure you get that across. Which word? - Con... - Deep consideration. - Yes, that. Emphasize it. - Okay. However, after deep consideration, we have decided to accept the demands of the US due to our amicable relationship. We're willing to accept the demands of the diesel vehicles, so why are you mentioning the agriculture market? How are we supposed to react to that? Isn't that right, Minister Park? He's halting the negotiations for today. What the hell? ...and deceive our long-time ally into buying air pollutants. Please, that's not what I meant. He says it's the first time in FTA history. A bomb just went off somewhere unexpected. He's trying to shake things up and get a better deal. He's going to seek an opinion from Washington. Could I apologize to you right now and settle the matter? Would it be okay if he just apologized right here, right now? It's between our countries. Mr. Lee, can I answer the question you asked me earlier? The air pollution level test result provided by the EPA... There’s an error in the numbers. From my calculations... Well, from my calculations... Excuse me. Just a second. Where... Minister Park, what is all this? - What are you doing? - I... Is this how Minister Park is at the Sejong Office too? Did you not expect this at all? It was an accident. One that no one foresaw. It would've been nice had I known. We could've circulated press releases and done a live broadcast on social media. "Strong-arming US delegation, Korea's minister of environment provides cathartic blow." You've got to admit it's a shame more people didn't see it. Well, congratulations. Your wish came true. #SOUTH KOREA-US NEGOTIATIONS JEEZ, I FEEL LIBERATED, LOL MINISTER OF ENVIRONMENT PARK MU-JIN? WHO IS HE? Cathartic, did you say? Well, you'll soon find out how dangerous Minister Park's actions were. Hello? Jeong Su-jeong speaking. Don't tell me you're kneeling in contrition right now. It isn't your fault if the negotiation goes south. The US is to blame. Threatening, overpowering, extorting aren't what an ally does. That's what thugs do. So hold your head up high, sir. Please? - Ms. Jeong. - Yes? Call Korea Environment Corporation for me. I checked the fine dust level of Gwanghwamun, stated on its website. There's a huge discrepancy with the actual measurement. There must be an issue with the central measuring device. Wait. Is that what you've been working on all this time? The Blue House called. The president is waiting for you. If this renegotiation falls through and sparks a conflict between the two nations, then someone will have to put their job on the line. If you need to explain yourself, do so. If you need to apologize, do that as well. Not even the Blue House can easily dismiss you. The president wouldn't openly admit that he made a mistake by hiring you. Are you worried? No, I'm actually glad that I'm not the president. He has the power to fire employees, but he can't exercise that right freely. That's no fun. Well, what happened earlier in the conference room was very fun. I've been serving you for six months now. I'm too good of an adviser to fall for such lame acting. Minister Park Mu-jin is here. He's waiting for you. Yes? It's the last item on his agenda before heading to the Assembly. Right after today’s meeting, the US delegation informed us that they’re ceasing the FTA renegotiation. Minister Park, you're... our savior. The news about you is spreading all over the internet and social media. When have we ever talked back to the US, right? I'm sure everyone's gratified. The US delegation will now know how enraged our citizens have been regarding the pressure on trade. Anyway, the US delegation has just agreed to return to the negotiation table tomorrow. It's more than all right to take a stand against the US. That’s what I called you over to say. But Minister Park, about the environmental impact assessment of the diesel vehicles... Tomorrow, let's just sign the agreement as if we're being merciful and generous. Merciful and generous? We’ll be showing good faith by accepting the demands despite the objections from the people. The US won’t forget that. Shall we head out then? Those dress shoes look good on you, Minister Park. They're wrong. The calculations. Yes? He's been summoned by our leader. Our gunslinging cowboy. Minister Park? Is he with the president? Keep the bottle clean. Tax money has to be used to dispose of contaminated bottles. Tax money. Thank you. Here, everyone. Drink it but keep the bottles clean. Contaminated bottles are no longer recyclable. Thank you. - Thank you. - Thank you. I don't think it's 50,000. I think the calculation is incorrect. Isn't it 50,000? The import quota of US vehicles, I mean. Vehicle manufacturers in Korea will argue for equality and ask that the exhaust emission guidelines be reduced for them as well. Also, if vehicles from Japan that are released in the US are allowed to apply the modified FTA guideline, the total amount of vehicles we’re looking at is 1.48 million, not 50,000. That's why the EPA's assessment of the environmental impact based on 50,000 vehicles is wrong. It's a dangerous miscalculation if you consider the fact that 60 percent of fine dust in Seoul is from vehicle exhaust emission. Please consider the toxins in the emission that are harmful to the human body. Nitrogen oxide, volatile organic compounds, and hydrocarbons. - The particulate matters... - Enough. My friend, how am I supposed to understand such complex jargon? "Do you know what science and politics have in common?" That's what you asked me the first day we met. You told me the answer. "In both fields, it's hard to say who's lying." That answer is what made me cast my vote for you. Because you were a good person whom I could trust. But now, you're telling me to lie, to feign mercy and generosity. Minister Park, you do not know politics. "You may not know politics, but I'll let you argue policies." It's what you promised me that very day. Then I'll make another one. We agreed to renegotiate the guidelines once again after 2021. So when that time comes... Until then, our kids will grow up breathing this polluted air. Are you saying that you won't agree to this? The EPA's assessment on the environmental impact is wrong. Are you willing to give up your job because you won't approve a report? I'm a scientist, sir. I believe that nothing in this world is more valuable than data applied with responsibility and interpreted honestly. Then you leave me no choice. Secretary Han, please contact the Korean delegation. Tell them I'll be honoring Minister Park's wishes. He will be held responsible for today's incident and dismissed from office. Let them know that this is my way of showing a long-time ally my loyalty. Minister Park. Is this where I should stand? SIX MONTHS AGO Hold on a second. Something doesn't look right about him. Don't you agree? Yes, I see it too. All right. Let's see. Let's see. I think we wear the same size. Could you bring a pair of shoes from under my desk? Yes, sir. Keep them on even if you don't like them unless you want tomorrow's headlines to read, "Improper Dress Code, Lack of Discipline, Undignified Cabinet Members," things like that. They may be uncomfortable at first, but you'll get used to them quickly. I was just like you. Once you get calluses and break those shoes in nicely, you'll have become a true politician. This is exactly why people at Sejong call you "Cinderella." You take your shoes off anywhere. Seeing how you're here already, the talk must've gone well. Right? I'm so relieved. You have no idea how worried I was. I may have grown up in a Christian family, but I prayed for the first time today. Ms. Jeong. Yes, sir. Thank you... for your hard work today. Look closely. Aren't I right? It's a global issue. Let's have some coffee while we work. - Thank you. - You must be tired. - It's a bit difficult to breathe. - Right? Let's try this one. - It has a filter. - It does. The filter will keep the fine dust out. - It'll filter it out. - Right. Honey, it's me. Should I pick you and Si-wan up? What time do you finish? THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PROVISIONAL ASSEMBLY OF KOREA I hear you're boycotting the president's State of the Nation Address. Is that true? Is this your personal opinion or that of the Seonjin Republican Party? I hear the president plans to push through with the peace treaty this year. Are you against the process of bringing peace to the Korean Peninsula? The Seonjin Republican Party and I are not opposing peace in the Korean Peninsula. We are against President Yang's hasty actions toward North Korea. President Yang, who has lost his administrative power after his approval rates plummeted, shouldn't use the peace treaty and unification as a way to regain his political standing. Don't you think the cost of unification is too high for the citizens if that's the case? I'd like to advise the president that the government administration partner he needs right now isn't North Korea, which sits beyond the 38th parallel, but us, the opposing party. YUN CHAN-GYEONG - Shall we go? - Yes, ma'am. What is your opinion on the meeting of the high officials in Panmunjom today? This is your second boycott. Doesn't this hinder resolving matters of public welfare? - One word, please. - Ma'am. That's what I mean. - The president is here. - Hello, sir. THIS ECONOMY IS THE PROBLEM MOM, WHAT IS UNIFICATION COST? PEACE SHOULDN'T BE PART OF A DEAL Hey. What happened to your face? Did you get hurt? Did you get into a fight? Let me see. Park Si-wan. Slide over. It's nothing. It was settled without going to the advisory board. What's wrong? He's only cold towards me. It's unfair. It's karma. They say how your child treats you is all karma. They say it's a reflection of how good a parent you were. What is it? Are you upset? Let's go. Si-jin is on a field trip. She'll be late. A field trip? Where to? Dear honorable citizens, the Cold War era is now over. Our country, North Korea, the US, and China have declared the end of the war with North Korea and have agreed to sign the peace treaty. - Really? - Did you know? They're signing the peace treaty. Sir, you knew, right? Don't you think the opposing party will criticize him more for this hasty policy? They're not opposing the policy on North Korea. They're opposing President Yang Jin-man. Pardon? The North Korean working group is also on their way. I can't believe this is happening. Just to be clear, I'm on my way to Panmunjom as the negotiator for South Korea, right? Do you think my face will be included in the history books in the future? War, peace, irrevocable reality, and a future we must protect. You said Si-jin went on a field trip today, right? Should we go pick her up? Where did you say they went? The National Assembly. Oh, yes. That's right. If there are still those who fear peace in the Korean Peninsula, I would like you to remember this. I will fight against you until the end and gain victory. This division is a past that needs to be overcome. We cannot create a successful future for the Korean Peninsula or the people of Korea if this division persists. We must eliminate hostility between the North and South. Our country needs to come together to obtain peace between the two Koreas. According to a mutual non-aggression treaty, the South and the North declared the end of war. In addition to the peace treaty, we have also come to an agreement on a systematic disarmament. Therefore, our government will... Did you get fired? Fired? Of course not. Are you okay, Si-wan? CHANGE IN INTER-KOREAN RELATIONS - Stop the car. - Pardon? Stop the car right now! Darn it. Sir. Would you call the liaison office... - Yes? - ...in Panmunjom please? Ask the North Korean working group for their understanding. We'll go... to the Blue House. - Isn't Mr. Kim there? - Oh, no! Next station is Dangsan. Dangsan Station. Honey. Get up. Si-jin's teacher isn't answering her phone. What about Si-jin? We have to go get her. Honey. Si-wan. Get it together, Su-gyo! Only focus on what you need to do. Focus. Focus on how we can overcome this. Nothing else. Do you understand me? Is this the Security Team? This is Secretary Han. How is the president? We've confirmed the location. We are on our way. Let's go! EXPLOSION AT THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY This area is restricted. My daughter... My daughter is in there! - Let me go! - Please follow police orders! We can't enter the area! They're in the same position you are! Let me in! Please step away. - You may not enter. - Please back up. Please cooperate. Goodness. Si-jin... Si-jin... - Si-jin! - Are you her guardian? Yes. What happened? I think she's bleeding due to external trauma. - Si-jin. - We must take her to a hospital. - Si-jin! - Hold on. - Please calm down. Take her. - Si-jin! - Si-jin! - Please calm down. - Si-jin. - My gosh. - Is she okay? - She's okay. She'll be okay. Only one of you can come with us. Who will it be? - I'll go. - Okay. Okay. Come in. Wait there. - She'll be fine. Don't worry, okay? - Okay. Dad. It's all right. She'll be fine. She'll be fine. Don't worry. Don't worry. She'll be okay. Are you Minister Park Mu-jin? You must come with us, sir. We've received orders to escort you. Escort him to the conference room. - Yes, sir. - This way, sir. Let's go. - Gosh, you're so pretty. - Are you the same Na-gyeong? - You look so pretty. - Totally. - My gosh. - It looks great on you. There was an explosion at the National Assembly during the president's State of the Nation Address. The main building of the National Assembly... EXPLOSION AT THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY ...has collapsed. It's me. I can't make it today. I won't get off work for a while. I'm disappointed. I wanted to see you in the dress. The person you have reached is not available. Please leave a message... I'M ON MY WAY TO THE SCENE. PLEASE CALL ME. - Are you done? - Yes. HAN NA-GYEONG I'm Han Na-gyeong from the NIS Terrorism Task Force. Lieutenant Lee Jeong-hyeon from Yeongdeungpo Station. Please give me a list of all the calls sent or received through this base station in the past week. Yes, ma'am. First, I'd like to see footage from all nearby surveillance cameras. Get me a list of all the vehicles that passed through the area. Yes, ma'am. Hey! Na-gyeong! JEONG HAN-MO, NIS TERRORISM TASK FORCE CHIEF - I'm your superior... - This is the site of a terrorist attack. You would’ve been killed if I had a gun on me right now. Hey. What have you guys been doing? While we were running around in the rain and cold catching national security violators, you guys were sitting indoors and staying warm. Then shouldn't you at least earn your keep? - How could you create this mess? - I’m trying to earn my keep now. I'd like for you to share your list with us. The list of dissidents, rebels, and spies. I’d like to compare it with our data - and classify them as... - And do what? Do you think catching the culprit will change anything at this point? Attacks? It’s all about prevention. Nothing else matters. You're the NIS Terrorism Task Force! That's what you guys should’ve done. - Hurry up! - It's dangerous. Stay away. GOING TO THE SCENE. CALL ME. UNREAD JUN-O The person you have reached is not available. - It’s me. - This stop is... - I can't make it today. - ...the National Assembly. - I won't get off work for a while. - National Assembly. I'm disappointed. - It's me. I can't make it today. - This stop is the National Assembly. - I won't get off work for a while. - National Assembly. So the person you’re looking for is... KIM JUN-O He works here. I’m sure he’s not a bombing suspect. If this is for assistance, you would've checked with his team. Knowing you, the fact that you called from the scene... KIM JUN-O Who is this guy? Please do this for me. - Go to the presidential residence. - Okay. We’ve been waiting for you. The secretary of the first lady will take care of your son. - This way. - No. I’ll be attending to you from now on, Minister Park. - Wait. - Please come this way. YEOMINGWAN 1, YEOMINGWAN 2, YEOMINGWAN 3 Where is the president? Is he okay? Sir, I just got a call from Chunchugwan. They asked when the Blue House will make an official announcement. Official announcement... Please tell them to wait. We need to follow the process. Just tell them that for now. Sir, how should we treat those who died in the attack? - I think we need someone to guide... - Haven't the roles been divided yet? Ask the Minister of Veterans Affairs! He was... He was there in the National Assembly Building today. Everyone who had the authority to decide anything regarding the national budget or regulations were all there. Tell them to treat the dead... with the utmost respect permitted. I’ll report to the chief presidential secretary. Yes. - I'm sorry. - What are you saying? - Could you hurry? - Where is he? I'm not sure. Yes. We're checking. What on earth are you doing right now? - Hey, come check this out. - Yes. Divide this up. Is the president safe? Has his safety not been confirmed yet? - What about the prime minister? - The president was confirmed dead. As well as the prime minister, the speaker of the National Assembly, the ministers in attendance, and the cabinet members. The only survivor in the line of succession to the presidency as dictated by the Constitution is you... since you weren't in attendance. Thank you for coming. They are the presidential secretaries who will be helping you from now on. Hello. Based on Article 26, Paragraph 1 of the Government Organization Act, you have been entrusted with all the authority and duties of the President of the Republic of Korea. Pardon? From this moment forward, you are now the acting president. Your term has already begun, President Park. We are working on it. Come help us! - Did you find him? - Yes. I located his cell phone. Where... Where is he right now? I’ll send you the link that shows his current location. SENDING THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL TEAM It’s a bomb! I found an explosive! Please evacuate! It’s a bomb! Please back away! A bomb has been found! - Please evacuate! - Evacuate the area! - This way. - Please evacuate. - Hurry up. - Evacuate everyone here. We fear there might be a second explosion. Yes, sir. You'll be the acting president for 60 days until the next presidential election. We'll do our best to prepare your statement to the nation as quickly as possible. - Hey, wait. I'm... - First, you need to deal with urgent matters. It’s a declaration of martial law. Please sign it. DECLARATION OF MARTIAL LAW SIGNATURE OF THE ACTING PRESIDENT By martial law, do you mean... This is a state of national emergency similar to a time of war. When we can't secure public order with the police force alone, the president, who is the commander-in-chief, declares martial law. Right now, the commander-in-chief of this country is you, sir. DECLARATION OF MARTIAL LAW SIGNATURE OF THE ACTING PRESIDENT Now, you just completed your first official matter as acting president, President Park. This way, sir. Okay. Everyone’s waiting for you to arrive. We have no time to talk about what measures we should take right now! We’re at war right now! Do you not know what that means? We shouldn’t react emotionally. We need to figure out what happened first. It’s too soon to call it a war and make rash judgments. CURRENT STATUS OF YEOUIDO KEY FACILITIES IN NORTH KOREA KEY FACILITIES IN SOUTH KOREA He has only six months of experience in politics, and all he did was measure fine dust levels. - What could he possibly do? - I'm more afraid he might do something. That position doesn’t require someone who will be a hero and save the world by some fluke. Sir. We have a problem. Are you insisting on waging a war on the Korean Peninsula? We don’t have time, President Park. Give your consent to announce DEFCON Two. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 