Killer Inside: The Mind of Aaron Hernandez: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Killer Inside: The Mind of Aaron Hernandez 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Killer Inside: The Mind of Aaron Hernandez (2020): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Aaron's arrest for the inexplicable murder of Odin Lloyd shocks the sports world, and his life and relationships before stardom are explored. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 How were you going to get home from the gym on that afternoon? I was gonna run... but I went straight, and it's a path that turns from pavement to gravel and dirt. I want to show you a series of photographs and ask you - if you recognize them. - Okay. - Do you recognize that? - Yes. And what do you recognize that to be? The man I discovered. The discovery of a body in North Attleboro has taken a dramatic twist. Sports Illustrated reporting yesterday that Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 has been questioned in connection with what is now a homicide investigation. The police presence comes after the body of a 27-year-old Boston man was found in an industrial park less than a mile away from the NFL star's home. The Patriots organization released a statement saying they are aware of what is happening, but as long as there is a police investigation going on, they won't further comment. When you look at the New England Patriots, you look at Bill Belichick, obviously, and Tom Brady. You marvel at the excellence of the New England Patriots and what they are. Drafted in 2010, Aaron Hernandez made a splash in the NFL. Hernandez had recently signed 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 a new mouthwatering contract worth $40 million. Police quick to say that Hernandez is not a suspect, but that a car rented in his name could be a key source of evidence. It's kind of hard also because, it's just they said that there was a vehicle involved, but nothing has been proven. Good afternoon, everybody, this victim has now been identified here as Odin Lloyd. Family members say Lloyd played some semi-professional football. They say he was an honest, hardworking young man. They say they have no idea why anyone would do him harm. They are in complete shock. Lloyd's family members told reporters the 27-year-old was dating the sister of Hernandez's girlfriend. Meanwhile, the ongoing investigation has created a frenzy outside of Hernandez's home. Apparently, the house was scrubbed clean, according to the reports that we're hearing this morning. Broken cell phones, also a security system that was messed with at the house. North Attleboro and Massachusetts State Police continue combing through fields for evidence. These are live pictures from the news choppers outside of Boston from what is looking weirdly reminiscent. They are following that white SUV with the dark sunroof right there. In the car is a New England Patriots football player who may soon become a murder suspect. Along the way, news crews caught up with Hernandez in Boston as he stopped for gas. They asked several questions, but not a peep from Hernandez. What happened on Monday night? He then headed to Gillette Stadium in Foxborough. An arrest warrant has been issued for New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez. Police showed up at the house of Aaron Hernandez this morning and took the Bristol, Connecticut native away in handcuffs. When this day began, Aaron Hernandez was a New England Patriots tight end. Tonight, he is the defendant in a murder case. Hello, this is a prepaid collect call from... Aaron. To accept charges, press one. To refuse charges, press... Thank you for using Securus. You may start the conversation now. Hola! - Hi! - Hi! Hello? Daddy's on speaker phone. I love you! Say, "I love you!" I love you, bye! Don't say bye! I talked to my lawyers. As long as you have a case, if you have a baby with someone, you're allowed a one-time visit every now and then. So, if you wanna see me... Nah, maybe. Kidding. - You better be. - Hey, hey, hey! Mommy's being bad girl. Mommy's not doing anything wrong... What the heck? - Dada. - She said "dada." What is this? Dada's on vacation. He's 23 years old at the time that he's led out of his house in handcuffs. I'm standing there on the street as he comes out and you just try to understand the fall at that point. When I got the call from my editors that Aaron Hernandez could be involved in a crime, the first question that popped into my head was, "Who's Aaron Hernandez?" You basically start scouring online and you find out that, "Wow, this is why people adore Aaron Hernandez." He was seen as this very hardworking, talented... extremely talented football player who had nearly won the Super Bowl for the Patriots just the year before, so this guy was huge. The court hereby orders that the defendant, Aaron Hernandez, be held without bail, pending further proceedings on this matter. Innocent! Innocent! Innocent! Innocent! Innocent! Aaron was not your typical inmate at the Bristol County House of Corrections. Here it comes. Here it comes. Here it comes. That's the vehicle that contains Aaron Hernandez. Right now, he is passing by. He was gonna get some attention, dramatic attention, from the sheriff and all of the guards. They knew there was gonna be a spotlight on this. When he first came in, I let him know upfront he's not gonna be treated any better or any worse than anybody here. - That's a huge badge. - It is. - You guys mind putting those closer? - You know what, I don't make them. I really don't make them. Sir, can you come a little closer? - Sure, sure. - Please. Please. It might be a bit of an adjustment for him on the meals, I'm sure. He's a pretty big guy, but the reality is that when you come to jail, it does require some adjustments, and that's why we take these steps to make sure there's physical screening and the proper mental health screening. When he first got into jail, prison officials put him on suicide watch, as they do with any person like Aaron or anybody who's dealing with the kind of charges and the kind of pressure he was under, because inevitably, that person breaks down. Hey. Hey, babe. Are you healthy? Are you good? Yeah, I'm actually... I'm very healthy. Yeah, I love my cell. It's so cozy. Know what I always do? I always walk to my door, turn, and look the opposite way. And just look... How... How perfect my cell looks. That's all you ever needed was structure, you know. - That was all you ever needed--  - I'm perfect with structure, you know? Aaron Hernandez went from a 7,100-square-foot mansion to a seven-by-ten-foot jail cell and moved in like it was no problem. That chilled even veteran corrections officers at the Bristol Jail. He adapted to the situation really quick. He adapted to the time alone in his cell. His attitude was, you know, "I'm here, I get three meals a day. I don't have nobody... I don't have to have people rely on me anymore." He was good with that. Can you do me a huge favor? God, when is this gonna stop? It's just sending me... 'Cause we don't have a librarian, so they just, like, pass out the books that were here. Well, what books am I gonna be sending you, Aaron? Harry Potters. Harry Potters? Okay. He was allowed out twice a day. In the morning, showers and phone, and one hour outside in the afternoon for rec. He reced in a cage, an 8-by-12 cage. A place where you get fresh air, if you wanted to do sit-ups, push-ups, whatever inside there, you could. He often spoke of the fact that he wasn't in jail, he was in training camp. He would compartmentalize that, and that's all he would allow his mind to believe. What the conversation in NFL circles today about what happened and whether anyone could have seen this coming. There are some people sitting around the league saying, "I told you so." When Hernandez was drafted, there were questions about whether he would be a good influence on the team and have good character. As the coach of the team, I'm primarily responsible for the people that we bring into the football operation. Our players are generally highly motivated and gifted athletes that come from very different backgrounds. You know, as far as the whole process goes, I can tell you that we look at every player's history from the moment we start discussing it. Going back to his family, where he grew up, what his lifestyle was like. We evaluate his performance, his intelligence, his work ethic, his motivation, his maturity, his improvement, and we try to project that into our organization. When it first came out, I was obviously in denial mode. "He never did this, you know, it's a conspiracy. This gang set him up, this gang set him up, this, this, this." I threw out a million different situations that would make sense to me because I knew who Aaron was. You know, obviously, when you've grown up with someone, you don't want to believe any of this stuff, and you want to shut it out, and you want to put it away. You have a kid who had it all and had the world in his hands. None of it makes sense, and nobody can figure out why. I think there was a perception with Aaron Hernandez that he grew up in a tough place, a blighted area, street gangs, drugs everywhere. None of that was true. Bristol Central High School is a typical American high school. Perched up on a hill, it overlooks the city. Kids go there and then head off to some of the best colleges in America. I'm Aaron Hernandez from Bristol, Connecticut. I play at Bristol Central High School. Aaron was a superstar. He was great at what he did. He always walked around with a smile on his face. He was kind to everybody. I tell you, when I met Aaron, it was like meeting your twin brother. It was so funny, we were both the same. He has dimples, we're both "cheesy smile, all happy." He used to be able to make everyone laugh, and most of the time, he'd pick on himself. He wasn't someone who picked on other kids. He liked to make fun of himself is what I'm getting at. He'd do anything to just get someone to chuckle at him. Early on, people knew Aaron Hernandez was a different level of athlete, whatever that was gonna be in. He was playing on basketball teams two and three years older. He was very gifted on the track and field. Football's where he totally shined, though. My father played quarterback at Bristol Central. His tailback was Dennis Hernandez, Aaron's father. They used to throw that film on for us, to me, Aaron, and DJ, and it was cool to watch that. I used to play soccer 'cause my mom didn't want me to play football, but when I got to the point where I was begging my parents to get me on the gridiron, you know, my mom wanted to speak to Dennis Hernandez first. And to kind of put my mom at ease, he decided that he would start Aaron at the same time. You know, we played our first snaps of peewee football together. Aaron's father Dennis became known in town when he was a star athlete in the 1970s. Dennis Hernandez went to the state university playing football at UConn. The Hernandezes, they were a UConn family. Their dog was named UConn. And he really built something for himself. You know, a first generation immigrant from Puerto Rico, and it kinda was the American dream of being a good father, of being a good man, being a good leader in the community, and he did that well. The King. Is that true? People called him "The King" or was he just known as... He was The King. Everyone liked him, everyone respected him. Aaron really aspired to be like Dennis. Dennis Hernandez knew what he had in his two sons, knew the promise of their athletic ability, and knew how important getting to college would be for them and was willing to put in a lot of time and effort into getting to that. He's very hard on me. We work all summer. If I drop a ball, it's 100 push-ups. Dennis, he was strict on his sons, but he was able to do a good job of letting them know when they were slipping up, or letting them know when they were accomplishing something great. The minute we stepped on the football field together, it was the two best players, quarterback, tight end, ready to rock and roll. Every single thing he did, you could just see he was different. He always was really into the mental aspect of everything. You know, Aaron was Albert Einstein when it came to X's and O's. It's too hard to throw because our hands were freezing, it's the coldest game I've ever played, and I told coach, "Give me the ball, I'll run it back, hopefully I can make something happen." This was before the tattoos, before anything. He was the biggest, baddest thing in Connecticut. He wins state player of the year, but during one game, he gets knocked out cold. He needed the EMTs to carry him off. Even kids learn at an early age, in a midget football field... don't come off the field. Play hurt. When Aaron was 14 years old, he had just started to hit puberty, and he went to UConn camp, and he absolutely dominated every single player at the camp. So they offered him a scholarship warranted at the age of 14. Aaron, being Aaron, was so happy and so joyful and so excited to just have a scholarship offered just from doing what he loves to do, he went and said, "Yeah, I'm coming to UConn." His brother, DJ, was a quarterback at the school already. UConn was actually making the smart move of trying to attract a recruit early with family ties by making sure they're the first scholarship offer. The Hernandez family in the Bristol community was known as, um, a sports family. A family that you probably didn't mess with. He was our king, he was our leader, and he was just... That was our dad. But there were times with alcohol where he would come home, and... if it wasn't a good day, you know, you felt it. My father was a good man, you know what I mean? - But he was also, like, very wild. - Yeah. My mom went through a real lot with my father. But like, she loves someone, she just always sticks by 'em. - My dad put her through hell. - Yeah. They argued every day when we were kids, but they still stuck together. Dennis Hernandez had a violent streak. In his book, Aaron's brother, DJ, writes about a night when Dennis came home drunk, came home late. Terri responded by hitting him with a phone. He responded by smashing her head against a sink until she lost consciousness. Violent outbursts like that were not uncommon in the Hernandez home. Mr. Hernandez was definitely the man of that household and... You know, I don't think there was many people really coming over there telling him what to do. I mean, listen, that's what Aaron was dealing with as a kid, so you wonder to yourself, "Well, fuck, no wonder why he was so fucking sporadic. His parents were the same way." I followed Aaron Hernandez  since he was in US Army All-American in high school, and at that point, it was from afar. He was a statistical figure to me in terms of tracking him, but watched him in college from afar, interacted with him in the locker room when he was with the New England Patriots as a professional, and that was all I knew at that point, but... the portrait of somebody who has a dual personality with a double life... The intrigue is there, in terms of trying to figure out where this went wrong and was this something that could have been fixed by people who had authority over him, or was this somebody who just was a ticking time bomb? My whole body's shaking right now. Why is it shaking? I had to call you to calm down. I was about to beat somebody's ass. Why? What happened? Nothing. Dumbass arguments. You know my temper. You talk like you're getting ready to cry. Are you mad? I can't stop. My knees are shaking like crazy right now. Like, my whole body. I cry when I get extremely mad, so it's okay if you want to cry. I do, too! Well, I can't right here! Holy shit. Was it an argument about a game? Yeah. Really, Aaron? Yeah. Really? Holy shit. You care too much of what people think about you. That has nothing to do about that. It does, because you feel like you're gonna be a type of, like... pussy, if you walk away or you don't do something about the situation. You sit there and you take it to the extreme. Today, one of the first chances that we are getting to speak with some of the New England Patriots team captains. Reporters have been asking questions about Aaron Hernandez, who is no longer on the team. You know, I think everyone had a certain range of emotions, whatever they might have been, and, um... But those were really personal, and I dealt with them, and... You know, at some point, you have to move forward, and, um... I think we as a team are doing that. You know Aaron pretty well and you've known him for six, seven years. What was your reaction over the last six weeks? Well, it was heartbreaking, and it was sad, and we've been advised, as I'm sure y'all have heard, a bunch of times not to comment on an ongoing legal investigation, and, um, so, I'm not gonna comment further, but it's just heartbreaking and sad, and all my thoughts and prayers go out to all the families that were involved. Are you shocked just knowing him, I mean, just knowing the guy and having gone to college with him and everything else? Yeah, I understand why you have to ask all the questions and that's part of doing your job, and part of mine is listening to instruction. We've been told not to talk about it, so... Hundreds of people came out to mourn the man whose murder led to the arrest of Aaron Hernandez, 27-year-old Odin Lloyd was remembered by family, friends, and teammates as a good man and a hard worker. Odin was a good person, a good friend, um, funny. He had your back through anything, especially, you know, as a teammate, a friend. Anything he did, he did with a passion. The semi-pro football player was found shot to death in an execution-style murder. A friend said he doesn't want Lloyd's memory to be overshadowed by the celebrity of the man accused of the crime. I've covered a lot of court cases, I've covered a lot of high-profile trials, but I'd never really seen so much media descend on one trial as I did in this case. Take a quick look if you can at just this scrum of media, and this is just the media - gathered at the front door. - Right. Charging you with murder in the first degree, how do you plead? Not guilty. There's so much interest in it because it's just hard to believe... I know we say it 1,000 times, but it's hard to believe a guy in this position, um, could be involved in something like this. We love you! We love you! - How do you love a murderer? - Yeah, right? Once he's arrested, they cuff him behind the back and they put the shirt on over him, and this becomes something known as "Hernandez-ing" in the days after. There are teenage girls at Patriot Place by Gillette Stadium who start posing like this, as if this is the Macarena. This pop culture phenomenon, and Hernandez goes from being a tight end to being the murderer, and he's the suspect at this point, but it's a chilling dynamic for a lot of the fans. The games won't be the same without him. Well, I believe he's innocent, so I'm gonna support him. I'm not gonna turn my back on him just 'cause there's accusations on him. Meantime, Patriots fans lined up by the hundreds today to exchange the jerseys they once wore in allegiance to number 81. Team officials offered to swap the shirts after the murder charges were filed against Hernandez last month. It sucks 'cause my name is Luis Hernandez, which, now I can't even wear that jersey no more. When the news broke with Aaron, I was shocked. I just knew him to be a fiery guy, competitive guy, funny, fun to be around, um, but nothing like what was portrayed on the news. When you are starting off covering this, you want to find out the facts. You don't know where this is going to lead you, so you want to talk to anyone you possibly can to find out who knows what about what might have happened here. Prosecutors maintain he conspired with two of his friends from Bristol, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz. Carlos Ortiz has been indicted by a grand jury on a charge of accessory to murder after the fact in the killing of Aaron Hernandez's friend, Odin Lloyd. Video just into our newsroom from Florida, one of the suspects wanted in connection with the case, Ernest Wallace, turned himself into police this afternoon. On the night Odin Lloyd was killed, Ortiz, Hernandez, and Wallace were allegedly in a vehicle with Lloyd. These guys were small-time crooks. You know, one of them had been convicted of stealing bicycles. This was not a hardcore crew that he had put together. These were guys that were trying to hang on with Aaron Hernandez. He was the star. As for Wallace, he's described as the right-hand man to Hernandez and a frequent overnight visitor at his North Attleboro home. Police have not said which man they believe fired the fatal shots that killed 27-year-old Odin Lloyd. Do you understand if you were to be convicted of murder in the first degree, the sentence the judge would be required to impose is life in prison without the possibility of parole? Yes. Tanya Singleton is Aaron Hernandez's cousin. She's in legal trouble now, too. Prosecutors say Singleton tried to help both men get away after Lloyd's death, driving Ernest Wallace to Georgia and buying him a bus ticket to Florida. There was also a conversation she had with Carlos Ortiz about assisting him in leaving the country to go to Puerto Rico. Tanya Singleton was probably one of the people closest to Aaron Hernandez. She was his cousin, they'd grown up together, and they had a very complicated relationship. And she was a key figure in the investigation because she became someone who knew a lot about what had happened in the days following Odin Lloyd's death. Aaron Hernandez's cousin took a hard hit today by breaking the law by refusing to testify against the former football star. She's a 38-year-old mother of two young children who's dying from breast cancer. She chose family loyalty and family love over civic duty. That's a choice that I believe many of us would make under similar circumstances. Tanya Singleton, I believe, was probably the most loyal person to Aaron Hernandez throughout this entire case. You mean the world to me--  I know that, you don't have to say it. - But I'm saying that--  - I know that. God is with me every step of the way. Yes, He is. And He's gonna see me through... And there ain't no way the doctors and him... He's gonna take the cancer away, and... I'm gonna be here to raise my boys. You know, and to be here for you. I know. You gonna be here for me, 'cause I can't live without you. I hope you know that. Ironically, as much as we went out of our way to make sure that he was protected, we never thought we might have to protect the other inmates from him. He was out on his rec time, and apparently an inmate above him had been, as we found out later on, periodically yelling down through the vent or what have you, to him, and that inmate happened to be being taken out in restraints down the steps to go to an appointment outside the unit, and when he got to the bottom of the steps, Aaron Hernandez, who was out, only one person is allowed out at a time on rec, he happened to be out, came around the front side of the steps at the point the person reached the bottom and assaulted him. It's not uncommon where somebody would try to raise their stature with the rest of the inmate population when they have a notable person in there to challenge that person. So, um, I'm not saying that happened in this case, I'm just saying that those things can happen, and that's why I wanted him in special management to begin with. - Daddy! - Avielle! You melt my heart every time I hear you talk! Are you gonna tell Daddy what, um, what sounds Santa makes? Ho, ho, ho. Tell Daddy, what does Santa say? Ho, ho, ho. - Did you hear it? - Yeah. He says, "Ho! Ho! Ho! Merry Christmas!" Right? Yes. I ordered our Christmas cards, like I do every year, and... Yeah. ...this year, I put just her on it, which I think I'm just gonna start doing that until we're like a family together again. We're watching the Pats game, sorry. I am, too. As we speak. I don't wanna bring up bad memories, but... Bad memories? Those are good memories. I don't know. Thinking about it makes you sad. Yeah. The judge says people will not be allowed inside the room if they are wearing or carrying anything with images of the NFL, the New England Patriots team, or any football related insignia on it. This trial took place before, during, and after the Patriots Super Bowl run, so this is peak sales time for the Patriots. Everyone in New England, let alone Fall River, is wearing a Patriots hat and hoodie and all kinds of gear, and this is the one building in the region of New England where none of that was allowed. You have to understand at the moment, people were so tied emotionally to what had happened, and Aaron Hernandez was an extremely popular player, so she had to take those precautions. Miss Hernandez, what message do you have for your son? Do you have any messages for your son? Yes, Merry Christmas. Trial is right around the corner, so try to come as much as you can before trial. Yeah. But I can't go every day, so... Yeah, I don't need you to go every day, know what I mean? - But what's it called--  - I want to go in the beginning, so they know I support you. And then I'll have to watch it on TV. And when it gets rough towards the end, then I wanna go. Yeah. You know? As the trial was set to get underway, it was hard to believe that you were now on the eve of a young professional football player facing a murder charge. All persons having anything to do before the Honorable, the justice E. Susan Garsh of the Superior Court. God save the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Court is now in session, be seated, please. Case on trial today is Commonwealth v. Aaron Hernandez. The Honorable E. Susan Garsh presiding. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Good morning. Members of the jury, I am not going to forbid you, um, from watching the Super Bowl game, but I am gonna ask you to be especially vigilant. You have to avoid, anything that has anything to do with this case or Mr. Hernandez. Aaron Hernandez is an innocent man. The evidence will show that Aaron Hernandez did not murder his friend Odin Lloyd nor did he ask or orchestrate anyone else to murder him. Did the state really have enough evidence to be able to convict him in this case? Prosecutors had to convince these 12 people that Aaron Hernandez is a killer. Ladies and gentlemen, on June 16th of 2013, just after 9:00 p.m., the defendant texted Odin Lloyd. He told Odin Lloyd that he, the defendant, Aaron Hernandez, was gonna come out to his house that night. He also texted two of his friends who were then in Connecticut, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz. With the defendant driving the vehicle, the three of them picked up Odin Lloyd outside his house in Boston after 2:30 in the morning. Aaron is driving a rental car, it's late on a Sunday night. For whatever reason, Odin sensed trouble with Aaron Hernandez. Whatever had happened between he and Aaron, it was clear the dynamic had changed. Odin's concerned enough that as they're driving back towards Aaron's house, he texts his sister, "Do you know who I'm with? NFL. Just so you know." He clearly is concerned about his well-being at this point. With the defendant driving, they drove to a secluded, isolated area in North Attleboro, a town where Odin Lloyd knew no one but the defendant and the defendant's fiancée, Shayanna Jenkins. There, Odin Lloyd was shot six times. One in his right forearm, one in his right flank, two in his back, shot as if he was crouching down. Two projectiles were recovered from his body. Odin Lloyd had two gunshot wounds to his chest. They went through... They went through him as he laid on the ground. If you had to describe Odin to someone who had not met him before, what words would you use? Brother. Odin Lloyd, at the time of his death, in June of 2013, was 27 years old. He was born in the US Virgin Islands. He moved to the city of Boston with his family at the age of three-and-a-half years old. He lived at the time of his death in the Dorchester section of the city of Boston with his mother and his two sisters. My son is a wonderful child. He's a family guy. He has not done anything to hurt anyone. Please, let me grieve my child in peace. - Thank you. - I'm sorry for your loss. And thank you for speaking with us! You know, unfortunately, when a lot of these crimes happen involving a high profile person, a lot of times, the victim gets short shrift in the media. The initial, you know, stories about Odin Lloyd were rather, um, superficial. We didn't really know much about him. We just knew that he was from Dorchester. Boston is gritty, man. We was coming up as kids back in the '80s and '90s, number one rule was either you a customer or you a hustler. Either you on the drugs or you selling the drugs, or you somewhere around. If you ain't selling it, then you helping the drug dealers, you going to the store for them. Or you doing things that they can't do, 'cause they can't leave the block. Odin grew up in that. I mean, I literally had times where I'd be dating a girl and come out her house, and I would have a gun stuck to my neck 'cause I'm in the hallway and dudes would be doing a drug deal or something and they'd say, "Who the fuck are you?" And before I could even speak, someone would crack the door, "Leave him alone! He's just a football guy!" And they'd be like, "That's right! You played against my cousin two weeks ago! You had 100 yards and three touchdowns. My fault, man. Yo! I saw that game!" And I'm like, "Thank you, football, thank you, football." Football is big to me. That's why I continue to play semi-pro, and that's where me and Odin connected. Coach Mike Branch found the way, put us all together and just used football to, like, connect and say, "Shit's fucked up, but we got each other." We pay tribute to a fallen teammate, brother, and friend, number 53, Odin Lloyd. Helmets up, gentlemen. If you need something, please call on us, and we'll be offended if you don't call on us. We loved him. He was like a little brother to me, so it's just tough. You try to play the game in his memory, because that's what he would want us to do. We both played the same position, outside linebacker, so me and him would talk hours and hours after practice. First it would be football, and then it would be something subtle like, "Man, I don't know how you do it with these kids, man. One day I'mma have me some kids, too." It almost was like he was modeling his life. Have kids, get a good job, try to get a house, take care of your family. Odin and I are only two years apart, so we've been together since I could remember. Um, he's always been a protector, a provider. I'm gonna miss just him being a big brother. He did everything that a big brother would do. The people in Roxbury, Dorchester, Mattapan, Odin was our celebrity. Hernandez was nobody to us, so the way we look at it is different. Odin had everything. To me, Odin was rich, Hernandez was poor, 'cause if Hernandez was as rich as Odin with love and care, he would have never have been in those positions. I remember our first date. We went to the movies, and he was a perfect gentleman. I feel like half of me is missing. I'm not whole without him. Yeah, it was just... really difficult. So, you walk into the courtroom each day and to your right was Shaneah Jenkins, girlfriend of Odin Lloyd, to the left was Shayanna Jenkins, fiancée of Aaron Hernandez. Two sisters brought into that room by two men that they had relationships with, and one was accused of killing the other. Your sister, Shaneah, is she older or younger than you are? - Younger. - Are you close as sisters? Have you been in the past, then? I... I mean we've... Estranged, kind of. Shayanna Jenkins and Shaneah Jenkins grew up in a single-parent household in Bristol, were very, very close. Shayanna had moved to North Attleboro with Aaron, Shaneah was dating Odin Lloyd, who was up in Boston. They were gonna be closer than ever. Yet, despite this, when it came time to choose your sister or your fiancé, Shayanna stuck with Aaron Hernandez. At some point, were you awakened later in the night or early morning hours? Yes. And, um, how were you awakened? By a phone call. And approximately how long did that call last? Maybe ten... fifteen minutes. And did you learn something at that time? - Yes. - And what did you learn? That Odin was dead. During the trial, they often showed a lot of the footage from Aaron Hernandez's house. The cameras caught Shaneah Jenkins and Shayanna, hugging each other. This was right after Shaneah had found out that her boyfriend had been killed and Shayanna's, um, comforting her, and they're holding each other and it... was for several, several seconds. Shayanna Jenkins' loyalty to Aaron Hernandez is something to behold. Aaron was accused of murdering her sister's boyfriend, and yet, she never wavered with Aaron. When the defendant and Carlos Ortiz and Ernest Wallace left from that spot, when they left Odin Lloyd there, they left evidence at the scene, they took evidence with them, they created evidence of their cooperative effort, and they tried to and in some cases were successful in destroying evidence. When police asked to see footage from Hernandez's high-tech mansion security system, they learned the security system had been destroyed. He erases some security tape, but not all of it. He leaves some for them to eventually get on a search warrant. These new court papers indicate that police got suspicious after learning some information from, of all people, the sister of Hernandez's fiancée. Hello? Yeah. What'd you do today? Nothing, Aaron. I was involved in a search warrant again today. That's what I did today. I know, I heard about that. But why are you giving attitude? Because I'm frustrated with you and everybody else. Why me? 'Cause I wouldn't be in this situation if it wasn't for you! - All right. - That's why! All right. Well, I'll call back tomorrow unless my daughter's gonna get on the phone. Don't... Wait, how are you gonna catch an attitude with me, and not wanna talk, because I'm sitting here, and I'm keeping it real. All right, well, you still have your freedom. What are you stressing about? Aaron, whatever. I always end up cleaning up after your shit. Whatever. The person you called has hung up. In the exact time it would take to drive from the industrial park to Aaron's driveway, it shows he, Ortiz, and Wallace pulling up to their house just after the murder. If Aaron Hernandez had just erased the security tape in his own house, he might have had a chance. That videotape shows him walking around his house holding what looks like a gun. I'm just gonna have you look at this item and ask you if you recognize that item. No. I mean, you... I can't see the full item. It's not depicted here, so... Does that assist you at all, ma'am? I mean, only a black blob it looks like right now. The prosecution feels like it has a very strong case, but there is one issue remaining, they do not have the murder weapon. You know, they want to know where the murder weapon is now. This is the focal point of the whole investigation. They're searching everything. They've got police investigators in scuba gear. Did the fiancée of fallen football star Aaron Hernandez help him hide a murder weapon? It's a possibility police are apparently considering as they desperately try to find a.45 caliber gun used to kill Odin Lloyd on Father's Day. You know, I sat a row behind, Shayanna for the first trial. Appeared fine and classy, and she's reading her fashion magazines while she's in the gallery there. So, she played it as perfectly as she could. A cryptic message that was sent from Hernandez to his fiancée that reads in part, "Go in the back of the screen in the movie room. There is a box just in case you were looking for it." Now, about an hour after that text message, documents state the fiancée is seen on home surveillance video leaving the house with a trash bag, and allegedly inside of that bag was a rigid object the size of a gun lockbox. The video evidence would suggest that she helped to spirit the weapon out of the house, and then she's asked, "Where'd you put it?" And during that time, did you do anything with the box that was in the bag that was in the trunk of the car? I did. - And what did you do with it? - I disposed of it. And when you say you disposed of it, where did you dispose of it? Um, in a dumpster. And where was the dumpster? I don't know. So, then, it's a question of, is she being purposely obtuse, or is she somebody who genuinely forgets things like that? Okay, so there's... Just in fairness, there's certain things you remember and other things you don't. Yes. So, it just never all made sense. The jury found it laughable. No matter what she said, they weren't gonna believe much of it because she doesn't seem credible. There was nothing that suggested she was ever gonna give up Aaron. Tell us how your relationship started. Um, in high school, we had a couple classes together, so our relationship kind of evolved. And how did it evolve? We would talk a lot more, pass notes back and forth, um, talk on the phone. When you look at junior year, it was a buildup to what I would call "best friends." The first day of school, my dad was a correctional officer, so he was already at work. Aaron came over and we did... We smoked two blunts, we got my dog high, and we walked right up to the school, first day of school, like king shit. Quarterback, tight end, stone happy. We used to horseplay, that was our thing. We used to love horseplaying and having fun with each other, because we were just kids full of life. Aaron and I had an on-and-off relationship from the 7th grade to the Junior year of high school. Aaron participated with many people. I was a small piece of Aaron's sexual activity. At that time frame, the girls didn't really hang out with the boys after school, um, so me and Aaron experimented and it was something that, I'll be honest with, we continued because we probably enjoyed it. Um, hello. If I look at it now in the year we're in, yes, we were in a relationship back then, but at the time... you don't look at it like that. In school, there wasn't a lot of kids that were out of the closet, and the few that were, I used to feel like, "Golly, like, what a homo." Here I am, the football player, I was in such denial. Such denial because I was an athlete. "You mean to tell me that the quarterback and the tight end was gay? He sleeps with other men?" No. It doesn't sit right with people, it doesn't sit right within our own stomach at that time. It was weird, it was like, after doing it, it was like, "Fuck this. Does... Did someone catch us? Did... Did someone know? Dude, if we get caught, like, it's ruined. Like, our parents are gonna disown us." I was a young father, fresh out of the Marine Corps, a corrections officer, coaching football with two all-American boys. If I told you that I didn't want both of my sons to be heterosexual, I'd be lying to you. I... I would say that I feel terrible for the way you must have felt at that age. If there's any blame or shame to be put here, it's on me. I was homophobic just as much as Mr. Hernandez was. Aaron was extremely terrified of his father finding out. I mean, Mr. Hernandez was well known as a man's man, a father that slapped the faggot right out of you. As DJ Hernandez writes in his book, there was a time Aaron, inspired by his female cousins, wanted to become a cheerleader. Dennis Hernandez put an end to that very quickly. I remember when Aaron's dad was ever around, Aaron would kinda whisper, like, "I better be good right now." He knew he had to be on a different set of behavior around his father, and I was very similar, so it was something that we just had the ability to turn it on and turn it off. We had to hide what we were. I started playing football in high school mainly because of influence from my dad. I learned pretty quickly that people, especially in my town, would never look at a masculine football player and think he's gay. So, by the time I hit puberty, I knew I was gay, um, and then that quickly made me realize I had to suppress that as much as possible. So, my beard was football. Just in general, football is a very masculine sport and I relied on all the stereotypes of a football player. Just a lot of testosterone and the aggressiveness and hitting each other, all these things that you would assume middle America wouldn't think of a gay man. You hear things from everybody, family, your buddies, people throw around the word "faggot" like it's nothing. Whether they're being hateful about it or calling something "gay" like people do, when you're in the closet, you associate all that negatively. I even, trying to fit in, would say those things. So, I don't think anyone ever thought twice that I could have been gay. You got some flamboyant faggots walking around. Well, they want you? Yeah, well, they don't fucking look at me. That's crazy if they're out there. That they just go around, because... And prance it. You know what I mean? Just let it out. Yeah, it's just ridiculous. And people talk to them, like, what the fuck are you talking to them for? Well, that's who they are. What are you gonna do? You're gay, or you do this, you do that. What are you gonna do? Well, it's just, like, overly done, like ridiculous. Yeah, I know. They really think they're women. One hundred percent. People in the gay community use the slang term "beard." Um, a beard is for a man... For a gay man, a beard would be the female you date as a cover for your sexuality. I think all closeted guys go through that stage where you have to make a decision on what you do, what you're willing... What you're willing to risk, um, how important it is to you to... be true to yourself, in a way. I think Aaron, for instance, had the girl that he had the baby with. A lot of gay guys go that route, but they just haven't been honest with their partner, and it's unfortunate and it's sad that... The extremes that some people feel they have to go through just to try to hide. At some point in high school, did his dad die? He did. Okay. Tell us what happened. Objection, Your Honor. Sustained. You recall that he died while he was having surgery in the hospital? Objection, Your Honor. Overruled. Yes. And Aaron was 16 at the time? He was. My mother had called me and told me what happened. It shocked us all. This wasn't cancer or this wasn't something slow coming, I mean, this was routine hernia surgery that he came out dead. At that point, all I could think about was, "Get in touch with Aaron. Get in touch with Aaron."  I wanted him to be around someone that he knew cared about him, cared about his father. I was able to pick him up and we kinda just drove aimlessly through all of Bristol and the surrounding cities for probably about three hours. There really wasn't even a lot of conversation, it was just being there for him, just feeling his energy on how much he was hurting. When the news came that Dennis Hernandez had passed away, it was an absolute, utter shock to the entire community. I never have been to a wake with the amount of people that were there. It was a day in January, and it was freezing cold and windy, windy. And the line was wrapped around the O'Brien Funeral Home, and I waited in line for two-and-a-half hours to pay my respects. When I saw him at the wake, it was like looking into a new person's eyes. Something had changed. I just couldn't believe it. It was a guy who had no emotion at his own father's wake. And I instantly said to myself after I left that funeral home, "This is not good. This is not good. Aaron is not gonna take this well at all, because him and his father were so, so close." I had to say, I think it was the turning point of everything in Aaron's life. When Dennis was there, Aaron mirrored him, and that's where you get a lot of those similarities. What's gonna happen next now, you know? It's when you have someone who's that rock, who you can go to for everything, who's that role model for you, someone that can set your foundation of values to make sure that you're gonna be a good man, a good father, and a good member of the community and now that's all gone. Nothing dishonorable about your father passing away, right? Nothing shameful about that. Nothing to be embarrassed about. Sad, mourn, yes, all of that. Would have been nice if he had a mother that could have mourned with him. Instead, she chose to... engage in a relationship with Tanya's husband. I mean, to deal with the death of your father is one thing, but to deal with the fact that your mother then goes out within a matter of months and has a relationship with a family member's husband, and he goes then to live in Aaron's house! Let me tell you something... a young man... ...Aaron's age? You don't want to wake up on Sunday morning and see some other dude making bacon in his underwear in your house. Sleeping in your father's bed. So this must have thrown him into such a tizzy, I can't even imagine. You made decisions, that... There's... You don't, like... They're the worst. I don't put you down, and you fucked my whole life up. You don't put me down, but I fucked your whole life up? I ain't living with that. You did! It is, but I forgave you - and it's over with! - No, no... Yes, you did! I was the happiest fucking little kid in the world, and you fucked me up. And I just lost my father. And I had to go to college. And I had nobody. What the fuck did you think I was gonna do? Become a perfect angel? My God... If I was with you right now, I would've probably punched the shit out of you, like... I don't even know why... You bring me to this level. After Tanya left Jeff Cummings, what effect, if any, did that have on Aaron's relationship with Tanya? It brought them closer. In what respect? Very close, like, she was like a Mom figure to him, and she was... He was like a son to her. Because of this, Aaron doesn't want to even be in his house, so he now goes to spend most of his time over there at the cousin's house. Aaron was able to be someone that he wasn't able to be at his house over there. He had a very structured upbringing when Dennis Hernandez was running his boyhood home. Over at Tanya's house, there was more partying, there was more smoking, there were more unsavory characters that you wouldn't necessarily want a 16-year-old to hang around with. At 114 Lake Avenue, Aaron meets Carlos Ortiz and Ernest Wallace. These guys were familiar with prison and prison life and what leads you to prison, and that's what Aaron Hernandez was exposed to, and really sought in the years after his father died. Did you know Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz to use any drugs? - Yes. - Okay. And did you ever see them use any drugs? Yes. What kind of drugs did you see, then? Um, marijuana. They would smoke what you call, like, a blunt filled with PCP. Sources say that Massachusetts investigators believe that Carlos Ortiz and Ernest Wallace went directly to the Lake Avenue home in Bristol after the alleged murder of Odin Lloyd in North Attleboro. Because of that, police started to focus on that house. We learned the police were searching the house of Aaron's cousin, Tanya Singleton. And while they were conducting the search, of course, everyone's parked outside to see what's going on. The police are seen loading up a silver SUV from inside the garage onto a flatbed truck and taking it away. We learned through police sources that the SUV was actually a car that the Boston Police, different police department, had been looking for in connection with an unsolved double murder case from Boston. Safiro Furtado and Daniel de Abreu were hardworking immigrants from Cape Verde. They worked two jobs cleaning at night. Had been found shot and killed outside of a nightclub in the Theater District of Boston. The car was shot up after they left the nightclub and that witnesses remember seeing a silver SUV speeding away from the scene, and they hadn't been able to find the silver SUV. The detectives called me to tell me that the car had actually been found in Aaron Hernandez's cousin's garage, hidden, covered with cobwebs, hadn't been used in a year. This is unbelievable. Actually have the murder car in his house, it was, um, pretty compelling. The Suffolk County Grand Jury returned indictments charging Aaron Hernandez with two counts of first-degree murder for the shooting deaths of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado. When the victim's car stopped at a red light, the SUV pulled up beside the victim's car on the right. Aaron Hernandez then fired a.38 caliber revolver multiple times from the driver side of his vehicle into the passenger side of the victim's vehicle. This double murder that Hernandez is now indicted for happened in July of 2012. About a month later, he signed a five-year $40 million contract with the Patriots. That would've meant, if the evidence is proven in court, that he would have shot and killed two men in Boston and then went on to play a whole season of football. How does someone do that? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 