Killer Inside: The Mind of Aaron Hernandez: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Killer Inside: The Mind of Aaron Hernandez 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Killer Inside: The Mind of Aaron Hernandez (2020): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Red flags arise during the athlete's college days in Florida, but the NFL still comes calling. Aaron's relationship with a criminal comes into focus. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - What you been up to? - I'm still trying--  I'm trying to get you marketing deals. It's not so easy, man. I talked to Nike the other day. They said that it's hard to put the Nike swooshes on orange jumpsuits. Yeah, I know. I know. But, no. Everything is good, dude. Everything is good. Hey, can you get me a--  Can you get me a Smith & Wesson deal? No, I cannot get you a Smith & Wesson deal, you fuck. Shit. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This was downtown Boston in the Theater District. Two men shot right in the middle of the street in their car at a stop light and it just baffled us how we could not solve this. Through the course of the investigation, as the prosecutor leading the investigation, there were many times where things would happen and evidence would start to point towards Mr. Hernandez, and I would repeatedly say, "No, it cannot be." How can an individual who has everything in the world going for him, who has an incredible athletic ability and career, and everything going for him financially and otherwise, how could he get involved in something like this? Mary Saladna's live in Foxborough tonight where Patriots fans now know, Mary, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 they were cheering on an accused killer. That's right, Heather. And we're across the street from Gillette Stadium 'cause the Patriots don't even want us on their property when we're doing an Aaron Hernandez story now. Robert Kraft broke his silence, telling reporters, "If this stuff is true, then I've been duped, and our whole organization has been duped." I would've never expected what he was off the field, what Aaron was off the field, I would've never expected that from meeting him. How do you know what that person is, you know, mentally? How are they? You don't really know. You just see this quiet guy. Once this whole thing came out with the Odin Lloyd, you started hearing all types of stuff. Evidence for the Boston case was discovered during the Odin Lloyd murder investigation. Prosecutors in Boston claim Hernandez drove up next to two men and opened fire after Hernandez blamed them for spilling a drink at a nightclub. Allegedly, he pulls up to a car next to him and shoots into the window. That's no sane person. That's no sane person. Can we get a moment, Your Honor? We were watching very closely the Odin Lloyd prosecution, and we were in regular contact with the, prosecutors and detectives assigned to the Odin Lloyd case. The prosecution was never allowed to introduce to the jury that Aaron Hernandez was a suspect in a double homicide in July of 2012. In this Odin murder, are they gonna tie the double murder into this murder and have it, like, back to back? Or they can't mention the other one until you go to court for that one? I'm saying that'll be a whole different court thing. They can't... There's only certain things you can bring into court. But I ain't do either of them, so I ain't worried about it. They have to give you something. They're not gonna let you go scot-free. No, I'm not worried if they give me anything. I'm worried about doing life in jail. Tanya Singleton was the closest relative to Aaron Hernandez. Despite the fact that she was only a cousin, he was, by his own admission on the tapes, closer to her than his own mother, closer to her than his brother. She was his confidant. She's currently battling another round of breast cancer. And today, she appeared frail and had trouble standing up to accept her sentence. Prosecutors say the SUV used in the double murder was kept at Singleton's house in Bristol, Connecticut, until it was recovered by a law enforcement in June of last year. And rather than answer one single question about the car and how it got in her garage, she took the contempt, and she ended up going to jail for a number of months, and it had a disastrous effect on her cancer treatment. Ms. Cumming-Singleton was advised that her testimony was necessary, relative to a brutal, senseless double homicide within the city of Boston. She deliberately flouted that order and refused to testify. I do miss you all the time though, stupid. My God, I missed you the most when you were in jail. I was... I was so depressed. Really? Yeah, 'cause I was like, she's in jail, she can't be happy, she has cancer. I was like, fuck, what if she doesn't like me? I don't know, I was--  What are you talk--  Yeah, like that could ever happen. Duh. What do you mean, you don't know? Didn't I tell you your entire life... You have one minute left. ...that I could never and would never stop loving you, stupid? You're like my child. Yeah, okay, one day I hate you. No! It was tough on Aaron to ever be alone. He was never more alone than after his father died and his brother was at college and his mother... So there was a lot of things where no one was more lonely at that point than Aaron. And it's almost like every step he made for the rest of his life, he tried to prevent from being alone again. Aaron had a plan where he was going to join DJ at the University of Connecticut and play football. That plan changed after Dennis Hernandez passed away. After Dennis' death, Aaron decides to take a visit to the University of Florida, which was never part of the plan. But you had an incredible program and he gets down there and commits, right during that weekend. The news is a stunner to his family. His mother had no idea it was coming. His brother didn't know. UConn didn't know. It was a... It was a quick turn. I'm Aaron Hernandez from Bristol, Connecticut. I play at Bristol Central High School. And I'm gonna be a Gator. He had left for college before we actually graduated. So he was kind of a step ahead of everyone. Florida knew what they were getting. They do their due diligence, and they knew that they were getting an unbelievable player that was very, very young with some traumatic, emotional, you know, things that are going to come with him. University of Florida Gators, at that time, it was the number one program going. This was the highest level of college football you could get. There were a lot of elements to the University of Florida football program that were attractive. You know, you've got the cheerleaders, the packed stadium, you've got people chomping their arms. You know, the town and the city, the whole region, is all in. Urban Meyer is this young, aggressive coach who is pursuing perfection. Get the ball, let's go! Let's see how hard we can go today! Get in the end zone! What are you doing? His number one thing when you talk to Urban Meyer about recruiting is he wants a competitor. Then he'll deal with how good of a player you are. You have got to compete, and you have to win to survive. Hey, let's go! Get in here! Get in here right now! Get in here! Hey! We got 30 minutes for the rest of our lives! Tim Tebow was the guy that you heard about as a player. Tim Tebow! - Tim Tebow! - Tim Tebow! Come on, Tebow! Tebow! Tebow! Tebow! Tebow! The national narrative at that point is that Urban Meyer and Tim Tebow are this uber-competitive pair that are going to lead the Gators to the national championship. I wanna personally thank Coach Meyer for giving me the opportunity to be a Gator. I love him. He's like a father figure to me. And not only are they gonna win, but they're gonna do it with their families around and surrounded by faith and there's gonna be this clean image for the University of Florida as they take on the college football world. I also wanna thank my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, for putting me here. Tim Tebow's religion is known to everybody, his deep faith. He writes John 3:16 on his eye black. It's visible to millions of viewers every weekend. And then you have Aaron Hernandez. A 17-year-old fresh off the death of his father, trying to establish himself all those miles south in Florida. And if you're in Florida, you know who the best players are in Georgia and vice versa. But if you're coming from, you know, Connecticut, they don't know who we are. So, he had to prove himself every day on the football field knowing full well that there was another guy just about as capable who could take his spot. And Florida wouldn't miss a beat. Nice job on catching the ball from a very talented freshman tight end, Aaron Hernandez! Tim, you look like you were looking at Aaron Hernandez a lot during practice. With a group of unproven receivers, are you gonna look to him more? I think he'll be, without a doubt, one of the... Our main guys in offense. So yeah, I'll be looking for him. Aaron Hernandez had that rare combination of speed and size and ability to catch the ball. ...in the endzone, Hernandez! Great catch! He was a tremendous player at the University of Florida. Hernandez, 15, 10, five. Touchdown! There it is! He establishes himself as part of the Florida machine that's gonna be pursuing these titles. He was a guy that you would go into the game saying, "He's one of the best players in America. Give him the ball." He was that good. Football meant everything to him. He was very committed to it. His focus was on point, loved the game. They were an absolute powerhouse. They won game after game after game. But the stress of doing that was also very difficult. If the success of your team... If winning is predicated on having this kid out on the field, and if you don't win, your school is gonna lose millions of dollars... That's a tremendous amount of pressure. At Wisconsin, I was taken aback by how serious practice was taken. I was playing on every special team. I was running scout team. I was running with our twos on defense. Objectively, just, like, too much of a load for anybody. And I saw, you know, a line of our upperclassmen, with their pants to their knees just waiting to get their Toradol injection. And I didn't know this at 18. I thought, "My God!" You know, "These 15 upperclassmen starters are taking steroids before the game!" Like... Just completely naive. Um, and I later found out it was Toradol, this painkiller that our team docs would administer so guys could play with whatever they had going on. For real, weed and Toradol. That's all you need, baby! I'm telling you, bro, they cancelling all the Toradols. They don't want to give you no Toradol shots no more. For the players, if a player, like, you know what I mean by a player like you, - you know what I'm saying? - Yeah. If players want it, man, they're getting that. To see that at 18, that was really enlightening to just how seriously it's taken. Kind of my first glimpse at, "This is very real. It's a big industry, and they're willing to put in basically kids, young men, in situations that'll compromise their long-term health just to beat Northwestern." Semi-pro was a way for us to keep living our dreams. Most of us, we just dream about it. We live it out on the semi-pro field, and we pay for that experience alone. Yeah, we pay to play. We pay to play. We're all supposed to pay about 75 to 100 bucks each, just so we can pay the referees, pay the trainers and EMTs that come out and tape us up. When I broke my arm, be there for us to say, "Hey, I got you. No worries, we'll get you right." Definitely different paradox than what Hernandez or somebody would be going through. But again, you can't put a price on what we developed as brotherhood. Like I said, Odin played outside linebacker. He played right behind me. First time I met him, I said, "Who the fuck is that?" I turned to Mike Branch, and Mike, like a proud father or uncle... Mike's sitting there like, "You like him, right?" 'Cause he played high school football under Mike Branch. And next thing you know, we got this stud of a football player. Odin Lloyd had to borrow somebody's jersey because he didn't put his money in the pot at one point. Odin was always one of them dudes that we never thought would be on either end of the gun. We were supposed to be protected 'cause we were football players. The most vile gangsters in these streets knew not to fuck with us 'cause we were football players. And it's so ironic that a fuckin' football player that wanted to be a fake fuckin' gangster killed my boy. This was an incredibly sloppy crime. There's now a grisly murder in a field right next to Aaron Hernandez's home... in a town where these types of things don't happen. There just aren't shootings and killings in North Attleboro. Obviously, the first suspect that they're gonna have is Aaron Hernandez. He's the only person in North Attleboro that Odin Lloyd knows. The prosecution had no murder weapon, no clear motive. The prosecutors were able to collect a mountain of evidence. They had cell phone tower evidence and various surveillance videos. The cell towers tracked their movements all the way to a stop at a gas station which was right off of Route 128. One of the more jarring images is of him dancing at the gas station. He seems to be impaired. Obviously, there's a lot of testimony he'd been smoking almost nonstop that weekend. But here's a guy who just minutes later will pick up a friend of his and then drive him directly to a spot where he murders him. 2:10 in the morning, they stop. The defendant bought gas, bought two other items. Bubblicious blue cotton candy gum and Black & Milds, which are rolling papers for marijuana. There was a blunt that was located to the right of the deceased body. Again, close proximity to him. The DNA profile from Aaron J. Hernandez matched the deduced DNA profile from this item. Some of the evidence they find is just amazing. He returns the car the next day, and there's still gun shells in the Enterprise Rent-A-Car. And who's the car registered to? Aaron Hernandez. I found a piece of chewed... Looked like blue Bubblicious gum. And then when I moved the seat forward, I looked up and I saw what I thought was a bullet. Prior to him leaving, did he offer you something? - He did. - And what was that? He offered me a piece of gum. And did you see the gum he was offering you? It looks like it would've been blue Bubblicious. Investigators say they matched shell casings from the murder scene to one.45 caliber shell found in Hernandez's rental car. Did you form an opinion, sir, as to whether or not the 2012 Nissan made the imprint from the scene? - I did. - And what was that? It made the impression. There were tire tracks, text messages... My opinion was the footwear impression was similar in manufacturing and design and were consistent with a retro 11 Air Jordan, size 13. You name it, Hernandez was linked to that scene indisputably. The amount of circumstantial evidence continues to escalate, and it is clear that Aaron Hernandez is guilty of something significant. What specifically that is pertains to who pulled the trigger and who didn't. If the charges are correct, he had, you know, a mini arsenal of guns. He carried them around. If again the charges are correct, his... You know... If his feelings were hurt or he felt personally dissed, it seems at least on three instances, he took it out by pulling out a gun and shooting people. Aaron Hernandez gets to campus down in Gainesville. He goes out on a Friday night with Tim Tebow, and he's at a bar called The Swamp. He's underage, so he shouldn't even be there. But he is served two alcoholic drinks that night, and he thinks that there's no bill. He thinks life's on scholarship. The manager comes up to him, and waves the receipt at him and says, "What about this? What about this?" And Hernandez sucker punches him right in the ear, and he bursts his ear drum. He's acting in a manner that, you know, makes no sense. A guy's asking him to pay his bar tab. The manager declined to pursue charges, and he was never charged with a crime on it. And is that the first taste of "I can get away with this down here"? Is this Hernandez stepping outside of the Bristol Central star role and saying, "From this day forth, I'm not to be tested"? My first shock when Aaron went down to the University of Florida was that he put on, like, 10 or 15 pounds. And then, the tattoos started pouring on as the years went on at the University of Florida. We did have all of his tattoos analyzed and were told what they meant. These weren't just art to Aaron Hernandez. These tattoos meant a lot to him. They were essentially his life. There was a huge tattoo that was memorializing his father, who in many ways, meant the world to him. Yeah, it's a quote my father always used to give me. "If it is to be, it is up to me." Basically saying, whatever I want my life to be, it's up to me to make it out that way. His father, he told me, kept him in check. It's clear that his core discipline really came from the guidance his father gave him when his father was here. Once his father passed, he basically lost the ballast that kept him on course. Tebow jump pass, third time. He's done it! Third time he's gotten a touchdown! My nigga. My nigga, boy, I know you were thinking about that shit all night, boy! Hey! Word to everything. I was just telling niggas, if you got to do one thing in the world, nigga, you gotta go to Tootsie's, man. Like, they don't... 'Cause strip clubs up here, there be aight bitches, but there don't be bitches like that. Them bitches look way better than my wifey, you know what I'm saying? There must've been a lot going on in Aaron's head of what he was doing, what the decisions and just everything that was in there. It must've been a difficult time to figure out who he was or what is gonna make me happy. That's where the duality started to surface. My first thought process to him getting all the tattoos was he's trying to hide his sexuality. He's down at Florida... He's down there with a different crew of people that... I mean, you have to do whatever you can to mask the other side of you. Moving into a premier football program like Florida, he probably felt a lot of shame about his own sexuality and about the things that he did, and he certainly knew that he needed to keep those things under wraps. A lot of people would think, you know, gay men drink martinis, and they're thin and neat and fit. So, I gained a lot of weight, I started chewing tobacco, I drank a lot of beer, and so I kind of flipped all those stereotypes. And at one point in college, I got up to a little over 370. You know, I was trying to be a stereotypical, sloppy, straight guy. My coaches were pleading with me to lose weight, and they were making me come in there at 6:00 a.m. and ride the bike before class and do these extra things... but, you know, I couldn't tell them why I was trying to be as unattractive as possible. 'Cause in my mind, I thought if I'm unattractive as possible, that takes the pressure off of having to answer, "Why aren't you dating a girl?" I be sitting in my cell, nigga, and songs be coming back because they have back in the day songs, shit from like when we was in college. And nigga, they be playing that shit. I be thinking of so many memories. Word to everything, man. Down in Gainesville, there's a ton of distractions, and head coach, Urban Meyer, knows this. Urban is very involved, works long hours, meets with all of his different players at all times. Aaron would come over to the family dinners. They would meet. Urban said they would have Bible studies together. He was trying to mentor and guide him and be a kind of spiritual presence. Aaron Hernandez was in my home many, many times... sitting with my kids, playing with my kids. Just excruciatingly sad to see a kid that we know that was part of our family make decisions that are just horrible. That's not the Aaron Hernandez I know. There's these people in this jail... Well, I can't see from my window, but all these people, like, will start laughing and shit... because there's one of those on the other side of the jail in a unit. Obviously, a male unit, it's a male jail. In the window--  Don't you guys... You guys have a level of females, don't you? Um, no, not in this jail. I think... Are you sure? Are there any females in this jail? No, right? Is this an all-male jail? Yeah, besides those things? Yeah, well, there's a--  Stop calling them "those things." Stop it. That is so rude. No, they got titties. I don't care! They're called transgender. They're called transgender! Don't call them "those things." Well, in jail, that's what they call 'em. Things. Well, don't be... Stop hopping on the bandwagon. Be a leader. I'm not hopping. That's what they are. - We just don't say transgenders. - They're not things. They're humans, just like you. I understand that. I need to teach you so much. No, I've got so much better. I just sit and think sometimes, like... I can't wait to be free. I'm gonna be free soon, just to let you know. He was what we call a crash dummy. That's what we call them, crash dummies. What's a crash dummy? Somebody who's literally ready to crash into the wall to impress somebody else and improve their chances to be more popular. They don't have any savoir faire. They don't have nothing other than the ability to just do something brash or arrogant or really off-the-wall to get attention. But then when you look in that SEC football in Florida, you're almost to the top of the mountain. So I can see him getting away... Like, getting away with a lot of stuff down there, and the more you get away with shit, the more you feel untouchable. If he was hanging with guys like us, this shit would've never happened. 'Cause we'd be the first motherfuckers to say, "We know what happens on that side of the fence. Motherfucker, you better pick a side, 'cause it can't be both sides. 'Cause sooner or later, you're gonna be called to both sides at the same time, and you can't split yourself in half." There is an open case in Gainesville where one night, a couple guys got in a fight with some football players, they believed. As they're pulling away, they say they saw a muscular man who fits Aaron Hernandez's description shoot into their car. Both men were shot. They got away. He mentioned something about that over the shooting, which was his freshman year of college. I don't even think he was 18 years old. I think he was still 17 when that had happened. Like, he didn't have to do a police report or nothing, but I don't know much about it. Who was involved in that officially remains a mystery in Gainesville. Does not take any college football star long before they realize they operate at a different standard. Charges can disappear in these college towns, and there's reluctant witnesses. That's how these college towns work. It's a part of a way of life. Football's very, very important and very, very powerful. It's incredibly profitable. It makes tremendous amounts of money. It's a system where the marketing arm is the athletics department, and they want to have these images. Aaron Hernandez, to some degree, clearly was allowed to continue playing without any repercussions for what he had done, as long as he excelled on the football field. Congratulations to the University of Florida Gators, who have won the school's third National Football Championship! Aaron told people that Urban Meyer instructed him not to come back for his senior year. That meant Aaron needed to enter the NFL at the age of 20. Well, he expected to be a first round draft pick. You know, I think... You know, that's what we all expected him to be. You know, I think his play on the field showed that. Come on, Aaron! Let's go! Draft picks are extremely valuable. These are million-dollar decisions that can shape the direction of a team. They don't leave anything up to guessing. Aaron was enough of a question mark character-wise that NFL teams hired private investigators. They did behavioral analysis. His score for maturity was the lowest possible. They did reveal failed drug tests. Aaron was absolutely operating on the edge. Aaron knew that the NFL was aware of his past issues. To combat that, his agent and Aaron composed a letter to the New England Patriots and other teams that he was willing to be drug tested during season, more than any other player. They wanted as much money as he could get, which is what you get when you're a top draft pick. The 2010 NFL Draft is officially open. I remember watching the draft. I was very proud, and I was very happy for him, and I was very excited to see the future for him. The first round goes by. The second round goes by. With the 42nd pick in the 2010 NFL Draft, the New England Patriots select Rob Gronkowski, tight end, Arizona. And then the third round goes by. And I'm like, "What is happening? When is this gonna stop?" You know, "When is my buddy gonna make a team?" With the 15th pick of the fourth round, the New England Patriots select Aaron Hernandez, tight end, Florida. Here's a kid that has the talent of a first rounder, but doesn't go until the fourth round. And then the red flags start to come up. Why is that? We got off to a good start with Aaron Hernandez. He was a player that frankly we were surprised that he was... That we had the opportunity to draft him there in the fourth round, but, you know, glad we did. Bill Belichick and Robert Kraft have a relationship with Urban Meyer, and they leaned on him for advice. That's how the league works, you know. It's all about, "Hey, what's the deal on this guy? Talk to me. What's he really like?" Here's a kid that was young, little immature, maybe hanging around the wrong group, but he's got this unbelievable talent. If you can get him there, he'll listen, he's coachable, you can kinda hone him in. Bill reported this week that Aaron Hernandez, the fourth round tight end, failed multiple drug tests, marijuana tests. The team and the player circled the wagons this week and denied it, said it was just one. He had a positive drug test and sat out a game. We knew that every time he went home. And that was a concern of mine, every time he would go to Connecticut, I'd have players on my team say, "Watch this guy." And his mom and I would talk. He has a great brother named DJ Hernandez, great brother. And I'd talk to him probably every three, four days. How's he doing and I coach... When he goes home... So we would try not to let him go back to Connecticut. Patriots, probably the best organization in the world. Tom Brady's the best quarterback of all time. Bill Belichick's the best coach of all time. But at that point, I wanted him to be drafted by Seattle, Oakland, San Francisco, or San Diego, as far away as possible. You know, just so that the people that needed to see him, the people that wanted to see him had the access to fly out and go to see him, but they couldn't just take a two-hour drive. Sir, if you would state your full name, please. - Alexander Bradley. - And just spell your last name. B- R-A-D-L-E-Y. - How old are you, sir? - Thirty-two years old. At some point, did you meet an individual by the name of Aaron Hernandez? - Yes. - And at that time, when you first met him, was he going to school? He was just finishing school. He was preparing to enter the NFL. Alexander Bradley is a convicted drug dealer, drug kingpin is how prosecutors describe him. And a gun dealer in Connecticut. So let's start with the last batch of charges, if I may. You presently have charges pending against you of Violation of a Protective Order. Reckless Endangerment in the first degree. And Interference with an Officer or Resisting an Officer. Burglary in the third degree. And Disorderly Conduct, - and Criminal Mischief, second degree. - Correct. At one point, Alexander Bradley was shot in the groin at a bar in Hartford. Bradley sought revenge, went and got a gun outside of the bar, came back... and shot into the bar 11 times. Just hanging out with a guy like Alexander Bradley made no sense. That wasn't the life that he was projecting to everybody else. He was hanging out with a very dangerous, very violent guy. I would bring him marijuana. That's how our relationship began, kind of. That's what our relationship was at the beginning. I see. And just tell us about that. Would you see him smoke every day? - Yes. Heavily. - How often in a day's time? - How many times in a day? - Chain smoking. See, now that I can go to the store and buy it legally, I don't need that guy in my life anymore. And if Aaron didn't need that guy in his life, who knows if any of this happens? At some point, did your relationship change? Yes. It progressed from when I first met him. Okay, and at some point, you become friends... At some point, yes. We were good friends. It's ultimately about you trying to put yourself around people that wanna see you be successful, in the right way. When you talk about the Patriots' organization, and I played for a bunch of different organizations throughout my NFL career, I would say they do things the right way. "The Patriot way" sounds like a cliche, cheesy marketing thing. It works. Guys come there, conform and success happens. They buy in, and there's a track record to buy in, where it's about discipline and accountability. That you're gonna show up early, you're gonna work hard, you're gonna do the right thing and we're gonna win championships. Walking into the Patriots' locker room in 2009, they talked about playoffs, they talked about Super Bowl. They expect winning. I think what makes Coach Belichick such a good coach is his extreme attention to detail. I can compare his style to other coaches I've had and no one really stacks up. He studied generals and military 'cause of his dad, and that was kind of his foundation with how he runs the place. There's certainly a thought that when Aaron Hernandez goes to New England, it's actually the perfect place for him in terms of that culture. There's no medals for trying. This isn't like eighth grade where everybody gets a trophy. We're in a professional sport, and it's competitive to win. That's what we do. As soon as the Patriots drafted me, you know, that was the best possible situation I could have ended up in 'cause, you know, there's no distractions. There's just an extreme focus on winning, and nothing else really flies around there. And for a closeted guy... you know, that's great. Do you know an individual named Aaron Hernandez? - I do. - What grade did you meet? I believe it was sixth grade. When he came back to the area in 2010 and signed with the Patriots, what, if anything, happened with your friendship? You know, we started talking more often. You know, we became close again. How frequently would you speak with Mr. Hernandez on the phone? Probably every day. We were super close. How are you and Shay doing? We're cordial, know what I mean? That's all it is? Just cordial? She hates me every other day, and I understand. And I know she'll take me back, know what I mean, but she just says, like, there's no way you're gonna get out of jail and then, I'm just gonna calm down now after being in jail and not partying, not fucking, not doing anything, you know what I mean? Who knows what the fuck I wanna do? No, I think if you get out of jail, you should maybe lay low for a little bit. Once Aaron was drafted by the Patriots, did the two of you decide to become a couple in the long run? Yes. I had decided to kind of up and leave my life and move with him. Do you have any rules about using marijuana? - Did I have any rules? - Yes. - He had a designated spot. - Where was that? His man cave. - In the basement? - Yes. And at some point, did you meet an individual by the name of Odin Lloyd? - I did. - And how did you meet Odin Lloyd? Through my sister. For Odin, he could've just stayed local and did these little bitty jobs, but he wanted something better. And then around the time when I stopped seeing him, I believe that's when he started rubbing elbows with that group of people. Then I saw him later at a scrimmage, and he looked good. He looked like he'd been working out, eating good, three meals a day. I'm like, "Man, look at this dude. Getting big." So he must've been doing something different. Aaron and Odin, there was a possibility they were going to become future brother-in-laws. The sisters would hang out all the time, and so these two were kinda forced into a relationship. But they turned out to be friends. There were a lot of connections, they both loved football. They also bonded over marijuana. These were enthusiasts, if you will. Odin Lloyd would obtain marijuana and roll blunts for Aaron, especially for Aaron. Odin was known as The Blunt Master. The Jenkins sisters would be hanging out upstairs at the McMansion. Odin and Aaron would go down to the basement and they'd roll joints and smoke 'em down there and watch movies, play video games and all that. These two became friends. I asked them, I said, "When did you have time to play football? I mean, you're smoking in your basement, you're smoking at your house, you're smoking at the restaurant." And he said he liked to smoke, and he said he was pretty much high all the time. I played two seasons with Aaron. Him and Gronkowski came in together. Aaron definitely had a big personality. You could see it. You know, I don't wanna say loud, but you know, you knew he was in a room. It was not, you know, the Patriot way, but you know, he was who he was. He approached me in 2010 and, you know, was asking me what I did and, you know, outside of football. And he was like, "You know, man, take my number down. You know, we can go hang out." And I still got the text message, and it just says, "Holla at me." But we never got a chance to, you know, to hang out. I think when a lot of us think about NFL players, you wonder what do they do in their off-time, do they hang out with the other players? Well, Aaron was a pretty young guy when he started with the Patriots, and he was close enough to his hometown of Bristol, Connecticut where it was easy for him to go back and hang out with his crowd, his old friends. And he did. He did that a lot. I was talking to my friend James Develin, who plays for the Patriots and, you know, he kinda just expressed to me that, you know, Aaron wasn't building these relationships, and he wasn't having fun with the people around him, and he wasn't contributing to the enthusiasm and the positive message that is important to success in football. That made me nervous. That made me really nervous. Hey! I'm trying to watch over Aaron and Brandon. Brandon! That's great, man. They're good guys. They're a lot to handle. Good luck the rest of the way. See you. The Patriots, they're just like... I don't know. They just try to ruin all your fun 'cause they want you to only be business, which is why they win, you know what I mean? I don't know. You say that Belichick is, like, the worst coach... I loved it because I love football more than most people. Bill Belichick, as a coach, he's not afraid to do things that everybody is not doing. In the league, we say it's a copy-cat league because once one person does something, you know, another team will do it. Well, Bill, you know, he won't do what everybody else is doing. Bill Belichick designs an offense that would change the NFL with Rob Gronkowski on one side, Aaron Hernandez on another. It works immediately. The pass is caught by Hernandez! I liked... I think we all like Hernandez. This tight end coming out of nowhere, and all of a sudden... I mean, he's making plays. Look at Hernandez. I know we call him a tight end, but he's part wide receiver out there. He brought a lot of toughness and flair to the New England Patriots. I did respect what he did on the football field, so I followed him in that aspect, you know, when he was playing, like, "Hey, him and Gronkowski, they're gonna be the greatest two tight end tandem in NFL history," so I was a big fan of his. And that is Hernandez running with it, and getting free inside the 30! Hernandez cuts back to the ten... To me, it's the hands. I think he's had fifteen passes thrown in his direction, 13 catches, so a very high percentage. With his pass, in traffic, it is caught! That's right on the crown. Right on the crown. Yeah, it is. My body broke, like in the morning, people were like... "What the fuck is wrong with you?" I'm like... I'm like a grandpa, like all my bones are like sore, you know what I mean? My body's so fucked up, honestly. Just from football, you know what I mean? That time you got hurt on the field, and I had no clue what to do. I didn't know whether or not to run down and see what happened or to just sit there. It was really scary. Your compatriot over there, Hernandez, came out with a little bit of a head injury. How's he feeling? Yes, he's feeling great. And Hernandez is a beast. I love playing with him and everything. All those drugs they shoot you guys up with and tell you to go out there and play. "Play through your pain! Go, go!" He's hit, but Hernandez keeps going! Know what's crazy? They banned that shit from the league saying you only could take it if you have a serious injury or something. Hernandez was the intended receiver. And he's slow getting up. Guess who they gave that shit to every fucking game? Me. There goes Aaron Hernandez now. Yeah, he took a shot there. We could hear it. It's a story that rings painfully true for more and more NFL retirees every season. Legends of the game have complained about or were diagnosed with ailments connected to repeated blows to the head. You know, the first case of CTE was a Wisconsin alum. Mike Webster. He was a crucial part of the Steelers' legendary team in the 1970s. But after his death, he became the first player to be diagnosed with the brain disease CTE. You know, the first thing I did, and I was completely naive, was Google "What does CTE stand for?" Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy, or CTE, a degenerative brain disease that can lead to memory loss, depression, and dementia. So it was in our awareness, but really just as a caricature of the issue. We would joke occasionally later in college, like if somebody forgot their keys. Like, "Haha, the CTE is kicking in!" Family and friends of former NFL standout Junior Seau gathered outside his Oceanside, California home in shock and grief. The former San Diego Chargers linebacker was found dead of a gunshot wound this morning. Growing up, Junior Seau was one of my favorite players. Being able to be in a locker room with this guy was an amazing experience. He wasn't there at first, but then we signed him, and it was a great moment. And obviously, I'm going, and you know, saying wassup to him and you know, how much I, you know, respect his game. He seemed like such a carefree guy. He used to play his ukulele all the time with his feet up. You would never have thought that a guy like that would take his own life. Amazingly, looking back, it gave me pause for like a day or two. 'Cause here's a guy who's one of the best ever to play the position that I play. You know, I wanted to be a Junior Seau. And he shot himself in the chest so his brain could be studied. That was shocking to me. We have an ABC News/ESPN exclusive report that has jolted the world of professional football. Junior Seau was the star player who killed himself last May, and now ABC's Jim Avila breaks the news that he did have a brain disease linked to head trauma. The National Institutes of Health found evidence of shrunken and hardened brain cells like these. Tell-tale signs of CTE. When you're so focused and when so much internal and external expectations are put on you, all that stuff doesn't matter. It's out of mind, out of sight. You know, I wanted to be a Hall of Fame linebacker. I think that's why you can ignore a Junior Seau suicide. With Junior Seau, what do you think is his legacy on the game? Great team player, very supportive of his teammates. I mean, everybody in the locker room loved Junior. They love what he did and they loved the way that he interacted with the team. Every game, you gotta be focused here. It's not like... We treat this like every other game. Playoffs... Obviously, the players are more excited, coaches are more excited, but I'd say with Bill Belichick, you gotta come prepared every game. Here comes Billy Cundiff... to tie this game... and in all likelihood, send it to over-time. Thirty-two yards to tie it. And the kick... Look out! Look out! It's no good! It's no good! And the Patriots will now take the journey to Indianapolis. They're heading to Super Bowl 46! When does reality set in for a football player, that they're actually a participant in the Super Bowl? I know it really hit me when we get to the game and walk in, all those cameras flashing and really noticing this is the Super Bowl, but it's a dream come true. I never thought I'd be in this position or have this experience, but I'll definitely take it all in and hold this for the rest of my life. The year that he went to the Super Bowl, there was a big shindig down at his mom's school with flowers and balloons and all of the students were super excited. Let's go, Aaron! Let's go! Let's go, Aaron! Let's go! Every parent hopes to raise their kid to turn out to be something great, but to turn out to be now a role model, you have dozens of kids here who want to be your son. Aaron has a kind heart. He's very, very kind... Well, if you feel you can't talk to me... How could I? How could I? We could try. No, you know how many times I tried? I always test you. I've been testing you for about 12, 15 years. I'll just tell you one thing and tell you not to tell anyone, and it always gets back to me. Well, how do you think me and Tanya... Why do you think me and Tanya are so close? That's just one of the reasons. I could tell her... But a mother's not like... Yes, a mother is! You're supposed to be able to talk to somebody. I mean, let your feelings out. Talk about personal things, you know what I mean? Just everything, you know what I mean? Like there's so many things I would love to talk to you, so you could know me as a person. But I never could tell you. And you're gonna die without even knowing your son. That's the craziest thing about it. And make sure you listen to all your teachers, do good in school, and hopefully the best happens for all you guys. Just finish the year right. Talk to you soon. He scored a touchdown in the Super Bowl. It's the pinnacle of a football player's dream. He did it at age 22. I think the biggest misconception is he was someone who had everything and threw it all away. What is your definition of being happy? From what we know now, can you ever really define that he was happy? Can you ever really define that he was content? He did everything he thought he needed to do to be happy. He got to the NFL... bought a huge house, had a fiancée that loved him. He was doing everything that, in that storybook setting, would make you happy, but obviously he was still hurting. Some factors that were eating him up inside. I couldn't imagine if I had actually acted on my natural urges to... you know, to get with other guys. If I'd actually done that, the paranoia that would've been in my mind to, you know, feel like I had to cover my tracks and make sure nothing got out... Mr. Bradley, did you notice anything about the way the defendant, Mr. Aaron Hernandez, acted when he would be at night clubs with you? - Yes. - What did you observe? He acted in a manner... Like a tough guy all the time. Like--  What would he say, if you recall, when people were staring at him? Did he say something to you? He usually would say he didn't like people staring him 'cause he felt like they were trying him or testing him. You're a famous NFL player. That's gonna happen. It's not that big of a deal. In other words, I'd try to explain to him that people weren't trying him all the time. It's just the situation, the position he was in. And he didn't really need to overreact all the time to that type of scenario. You see this common theme of him being impulsive and of being able, on the drop of a hat, to go from being extremely jovial, nice, friendly, somewhat loving guy to, in a moment, becoming angry and physical and violent. At some point, Mr. Bradley, did Aaron Hernandez ask you to help him purchase something? Yes. What did he ask you to help him purchase? He asked me to get him a firearm. Did he indicate to you why he wanted you to purchase a firearm for him? Yes. He felt like he needed it for protection. He felt like he was tired of people trying him and felt like people thought he was soft or something, and he was out to prove something. He doesn't need to behave in this kind of way unless he's preparing to use guns at some point that he doesn't want to be traced, or he just thinks it's cool to go this way. He would have secret compartments put into cars where he could hide a gun as he's driving around. That's something that someone with a criminal background does in case they get pulled over by the police. He's allowed to have a gun. Yet he's still acting this way. When you start to hear about some of this stuff, it made him feel like this gangster, you know what I mean? Here he is, like, he's able to play football by day, gangster by night in the sense of, you know, running around with guns and drugs and things of that nature. But he never had that person that could say,  "Hey, Aaron. You need to get out of that. You know, leave that stuff alone. That... Even if that's what you did in the past, you in a completely different space now. Leave that alone. Focus on what you got going on now." This was a guy that they took a chance on, which a lot of teams take chances on guys. There's guys with issues you know coming into your program, and the whole key is this, putting them in an environment where he can have some success on and off the field. We're a collection of our choices. He had a decision to make. Did he want to go down this road or did he wanna go down another road? He chose to go down the wrong road. This is not on the New England Patriots. This is on the player. Mr. Bradley, at the time, did you know the individual here in the braids? - No. - Had you ever met him before in your life? No. You ever heard of him before in your life? Never. The people he murdered had no power over him. They were all victims of sneak attacks. He was the one who was more powerful. None of 'em had a weapon. None of 'em could fight back. There was a group of guys, and one of the gentlemen was dancing, and his drink splashed up and spilled on Mr. Hernandez and some got on myself as well. Once Mr. Hernandez turned towards the individual, I kinda touched him on his collar and was like, "Nah, let's just get out of here," you know, to avoid the conflict. If I didn't do that, we were gonna have an issue in there. 'Cause his temper, the way he was, he was just agitated. Plus, he was in a position in his life where he didn't really need that, so I just figured we could get outta there. There's other spots around. Later, we walked back down towards the garage somewhat. Mr. Hernandez said, "There they go! There they go!" What happened next? He said, "Go, go! Let's catch up to the car, the BMW that passed." After I got through that light, as I was approaching the car, he removed a firearm from the glove box. He said, "Yo!" one time. And nobody turned around from the car. He wind up, saying "yo" again. And then they turned and he was like, "Wassup now, niggas?" He started firing shots into the car. How many shots did you hear fired? He fired five shots. The gun began clicking after that. I heard, like, three or four clicks. Clicks coming from the gun? Coming from the gun. I was notified at about four o'clock in the morning. And I was asked if I would take the case. It was an eerie scene. This is a part of Boston, the Theater District, that is usually very much buzzing. It was an eerie quiet. And at that point, we have no idea who's involved. And I couldn't help but think, you know, this is somebody's brother, this is somebody's son. And it was... It's a horrible thing. When detectives in Boston began trying to investigate the double homicide, their problem was there was no one with a motive to kill these guys. Didn't make any sense. These guys weren't in gangs. They weren't drug dealers. They were young guys from Cape Verde who had immigrated to the United States, cleaning offices at night. They had just gone out on a really quiet Sunday night in Boston. And so they were baffled. Who could've possibly have done this? And why in such a dramatic fashion? It's not so much that leads went dry. There were no leads. The investigation, at that point, very much became focused on the car. That's all we had. We had an eyewitness behind the car, and we had the survivors from inside the car. So we knew without any doubt that the killer car, the suspect's vehicle, was a silver SUV. We then focused on the nightclub itself. We saw somebody enter the nightclub, the Cure Lounge, who one of the detectives right away recognized, "Hey, that's Aaron Hernandez!" And I remember just thinking to myself, "Well, you know, that's kinda crazy. He couldn't be involved in this." You have Aaron Hernandez on surveillance video in the club that night, but how many of the Boston police at that time would've thought that Aaron Hernandez, star Patriot, would be involved with a double homicide? He has no criminal record at this point. The Florida incidents, whatever they were, he had gotten away with. His link to that didn't come for years. You're obviously a favorite in the Hispanic community. What ways do you give back to the community? I just try to be a role model, and when I see Hispanics that look up to me, I try to lead them in the right direction. There's not that many Hispanics in the NFL and it's just an honor to be one. Aaron Hernandez is reporting to the Patriots Training Camp. Fans are cheering for him, and nobody has any idea. Aaron lived a life as a chameleon. The Patriots had their owner, Robert Kraft, praising him for his maturity. So what Aaron had shown, and what he had shown on a daily basis, you can't just necessarily always fake that. He's there every day, working out, going through meetings, doing everything that they want. The Patriots were so convinced that a guy they waited until the fourth round to draft because of concerns about his character... reward him with a $40 million contract just one month after the double homicide in Boston. The Patriots are not going to give somebody $40 million if they have a concern about them. There certainly was some connection between owner and player that isn't always common in the NFL. Still kinda surreal, but take it in over the next few days, months, years and just... It's a blessing and hopefully I make the right decisions with it. We were on a fucking little leash, little leash. Give me a crumb here and there. Aaron, you're so great! Blah, blah, blah. Give you a little crumb here and there. Bullshit. What do you want me to do? I told you when you got that fucking 40 million, give me a million. I'm set for life. I'm not giving... I'm helping DJ right now... Fuck you mean, give you a million dollars? You act like I had $40 million. Nobody could touch your--  Get the fuck outta here, Mom. I do have to ask you, when you heard about Aaron Hernandez, what you thought, what your reaction was? Next question. It had to be a shock for all your teammates. Next question. All right, then I'll ask you. It seems to me that these two men played on opposite sides of the line but they had more than that in terms of being opposites. Truthfully, I'm not gonna go... Yeah, I'm not gonna go there. I'll walk off right now. - Don't walk off! - Right now. - I'll change the subject! - Yeah, yeah, change it. People talk about OJ. OJ Simpson was a retired football player, who was involved in a string of domestic violence. We've seen this kind of crime before. No one has allegedly murdered two people and then played an entire season as a professional athlete. We've never seen something like that. But as the time progressed, and you've gone well past the first 48 hours, well past the first two weeks, when it gets to the point where that leads to no suspect, it's extremely, extremely frustrating and a little bit depressing because what we would do is we would still stay in regular contact with the two families. And they would oftentimes ask, you know, "Is there any update with our loved one's murder?" Now what, if any, observations did you make, Mr. Bradley, over those next several weeks and months regarding the defendant's demeanor, particularly when you would go out to clubs? He became extremely paranoid of everything and everybody. He just assumed everyone was a detective or everything, every matter was police related, just his sense of paranoia was heightened. He didn't like iPhones around him 'cause he said that he learned that they can record everything at all times. And he was just extremely paranoid. February 2013. Aaron and Alexander Bradley take a trip down to Florida to attend some parties, to hang out, kind of a vacation. At one point, they are out at a local gentlemen's club, Tootsie's Cabaret. Aaron is particularly paranoid at this point that he's going to get in trouble over the 2012 double homicide in Boston. He pointed out two gentlemen with low haircuts, and he told me he thought that they were police officers. What did you say? I told him, if they are, it's because of the stupid shit he did in Boston. What was Mr. Hernandez's response to that? He became, like, standoffish. He got upset, I could tell. He walked away from me. Towards the end of the night, sometime close to five o'clock in the morning, - did all of you decide to leave? - Yes. At some point during the car ride, Mr. Bradley, did you fall asleep? Yes. When you woke up from the sleep, what did you see? Mr. Hernandez pointing a gun at my face. And as you put up the defense gesture, what happened? He fired a shot. He shot the gun. This is where one man was found shot just earlier this morning, just before seven o'clock. We're told a man on his way to work actually heard the gunshot go off and saw the body and that's when he called 911. Now we do know that victim was taken to St. Mary's Medical Center to be treated for his injuries. We're not sure of his condition at this time. Also, sheriff's office hasn't indicated if they are looking for somebody at this time. Tell us about the phone call to Aaron Hernandez when you woke up that next morning. I called him. I said, "Wassup?" And he said, "Who... Who's this?" I was like, "You know who this is." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 