Fullmetal Alchemist: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Fullmetal Alchemist 
 s1e2 - Kinki no karada - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Fullmetal Alchemist (2003–2004): Season 1, Episode 2 - Kinki no karada - full transcript 
 Knowing the truth behind the prophet's power, the Elrics seek to unseat him and reveal the truth to the citizens of that desert city. They also seek to steal the source of the power for ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You... performed human transmutation!? You have committed that which is most sanctioned! You've had your bodies taken over to the other side! So this is why you have the title "Fullmetal"! The Fullmetal Alchemist! I see, so that's it. It's no longer any wonder why a kid like you should bear the stern-sounding title of "Fullmetal." Rose, alchemy forbids the transmutation of gold. At the same time, there is one other inherently forbidden practice, and that is human transmutation! Alchemy... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...of human transmution. You miserable, foolish kids! You dabbled in human transmutation without knowing its penalties, didn't you!? No we didn't! We... Al! We just wanted... We just wanted to see our mom's smiling face once more time... But you failed! Yeah. My brother lost his body, and I lost my left leg and right arm. This is what happens when two people try to bring a person back to life. Rose, this is what it takes to bring someone back to life. Are you prepared to go through it!? There is no need for concern. I have received this Philosopher's Stone from Leto. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And besides, I am not inexperienced, the way they were. Don't be ridiculous! No matter what you offer in return, there are some things that cannot be done! Then why do you want the Philosopher's Stone? You think that if you had this, you could bring about your mom's transmutation, right? You've got it wrong, baldy. We just want to get our original bodies back. That is, if we can get them back. We'll ask you one more time: Please give us the Philosopher's Stone. State Alchemist, may the wrath of God befall you. Get down here, third-string, and I'll show you the difference between our levels! Wretched fools! That was close...! Minister! Why, you...! Al! This way! You fools! There's only one way out! If there's no way out... ...I'll just have to make one! What! After them! Catch them! Minister... That ring... Are the works of God alchemy? Whether one calls it alchemy or not depends on the person. However, what they cannot do, I am able to. I've kept you waiting, huh? Ro... se... Cain...? Ro... se... Cain has had his spirit first resurrected through the works of Leto. His body should also become complete in a few days. Minister... this is the work of God, isn't it? If all we wanted to do was take the Philosopher's Stone, it's not as though we couldn't have done it. This evening, a pair of unbelievers sought the Minister's life. What...? Scum... One of them is short, and the other is wearing ancient armor. - The Minister asks the Faithful to stay inside... - Over there! - They aren't here. - Hey, go check over there! ...so as not to suffer any harm. No question about it, that's the guy... the short stranger kid! - Who are you calling an ultra-hyper-pipsqueak!? - I never called you all that! Anyhow, why don't you just simmer down? How could you go after the Minister's life like that!? Right! How terrible - a sweet boy like you! Listen, his miracles are nothing more than alchemy. By decomposing and restructuring matter... That's a lie! Moments ago, my boyfriend, Cain, returned to me. That's terrific, Rose! After dying in an accident, Cain has come back to life, huh? There, you see? It's not just Rose, either! Others have come back, too. She's right! If that's not a miracle, then tell me what is! Has anyone here actually seen any of those guys!? Everyone is said to have left town afterwards... Silence! T-The statues of Leto! It's a miracle! Al! Give it back! So this is the proof that you are a State Alchemist, is it? It's the first time ever I've seen one of these. The reason why you can perform transmutations without a transmutation circle... ...is because this thing works like an amplifier, right? I didn't get any sleep at all. The bell... it's gone! Feed it to me! My hands are like this, and everything. Was it really... ...your boyfriend? The Philosopher's Stone is our secret alone... ...right? Cain... I'm sorry. I, um, I just had to talk to you a little... Ro... se... Minister! Um, I'm terribly sorry about taking the key without permission. I'm sorry, Rose. Even with the power of the Philosopher's Stone, it was all I could do to offer up the lives of the birds to God, in an attempt to replace them with the life of another, you see. Perhaps this chimera, which tweets with Cain's voice, is not to your liking? Give my regards to Cain. Ro... se... Ro... se... There is only one other who knows the secret of the Philosopher's Stone... It's dangerous here. Let's go. Quickly. Your flim-flamming is going to be found out soon enough. The Faithful are not likely to distinguish between alchemy and the works of God. No, in the sense that it brings happiness to them, they are the same. So then, what's in it for you? The basic principle of alchemy is equivalent exchange. If you're trying to obtain something, you have to pay for it with something of appropriate value. People say that Brother is a prodigy at it, but it's only because he has paid the price of enough effort... ...that Brother is who he is now. You paid the price, didn't you? An arm, a leg... a whole body... And yet, now you're trying to take them back. About your mother... what happened to her? Okay then, I guess it's time I got started. So, you are after money, huh? Ed? I can get all the money I want from the donations of the Faithful. What I want are believers who would gladly throw their own lives away for me. They believe in resurrection through me, and are not afraid to die. In time, they would become an invincible army. Just watch! In a few years, I will set out to tear this country apart! Makes no difference to me. What!? After all, you can't really bring anyone back to life, right? Of course not! Even if I used the Philosopher's Stone, there's no telling what would happen if I performed human transmutation. Why, for the sake of the Faithful, who are nothing more than my pawns... ...would I run the risk of...? What?! How long!? How long has that mic been on!? For the whole time you've been here. H-How did you get my broadcast equipment!? That was my brother. Ah, what got busted up yesterday was just some junk that I transmuted to look like him. No! It's all a lie! You must not believe it! Like I said, I'm on a whole different level! Minister, was that broadcast just now for real? I do not know what the unbeliever has broadcast in my voice, but it was all a conspiracy! As a testament to this, I will eradicate the unbeliever by the power of God! This is the power of God! It's a miracle! The statues of Leto...! Give it up, would you? Without this, you're limited to transmuting your own automail, aren't you? Pops, I'm about to show you the real hammer of God! Impossible! Not even with the Philosopher's Stone could something so gigantic be moved! The watch has nothing to do with it. Brother is the Fullmetal Alchemist! I won't let you have it! I won't let you have the Philosopher's Stone! Rebound!? An imitation...? After all the commotion you've raised...... All just for a fake stone? Stop jerking me around! That was quite a wild goose chase, huh? And here I thought we were finally going to be able to restore your body. You should come first, Brother. That automail is so hard on you, and all... Nothing more to do, but to keep searching, I guess. How could you do that to us? To us, the Minister's miracles gave us hope. If we believed, even dead people could come back to life... That was the only hope we had! You're saying we should have left everything the way it was? What am I supposed to cling to, as I go on living from now on!? Tell me! You'll have to decide that for yourself. Get up and walk. Move forward. You've got some fine legs there, don't you? I think Brother did all this for you. He shouldn't have bothered! We've seen all sorts of things. How can this be!? That thing you gave me wasn't the real Philosopher's Stone!? Of course not. This city is just a decoy, after all. Those who hear the stories about the Philosopher's Stone gather here, and then... W-Who are you guys? For what purpose are you here? Lust, is it okay if I eat this old man? Where did that miserable Cornello run away to? That rotten false minister...! What is all this? What went on here? This is awful... Minister...? It's a miracle... You're sure it's not just another trick? But they came back to life. It seems that the Devil worked wickedness in my absence. Is everyone all right? You're the real... the real Minister, right? Cornello! We were deceived by that kid! That's right! Envy... I'm sorry, but we must ask you to keep that form for a little while. We've seen all sorts of things. I'm going to tell you about them. You must not come down the same path as us. That's what I believe. We were born and raised in a small village east of Central, named Resembool. That's where everything began. Mom! Mom! Look! Look! What? See? Oh, my! Brother made it! I can still only do this. Incredible, both of you! You certainly are his children! Man cannot obtain anything... ...without first sacrificing something. To obtain anything, something of equal value is required. That is alchemy's Law of Equivalent Exchange. Back then, we believed that to be the true way of the world. Fullmetal Alchemist! Episode Three: "Mother" I loved Mom's lullabies. Mom's stew tasted like milk, but Brother loved it. That's why we had to... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 