Our Zoo: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Our Zoo 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Our Zoo (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - We need to go to London. - May I introduce George Mottershead? I wonder if I could pick your brains there, Minister? I'm here to tell you the truth about our zoo. This petition, whose idea was it? You're really willing to lie about my family? If that's what it takes. You read the petition, you know what they think of us! Are you an idiot? No guarantees, but I'll look into the matter. Mottershead has to be seen as...as a menace. If they want a public hearing, we'll give them one. Destroy the man and we'll destroy the zoo. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ALARM CLOCK RINGS MAN GRUNTS - JUNE: - 'Our zoo news. 'There's no such thing as a quiet day at Oakfield. 'In the past week alone 'Sidney, our camel, has eaten the washing line, 'and Pelly the pelican got stuck up a tree 'and had to be rescued by Grandad. 'Everything was almost back to normal... - '..and then the birds flew away.' - BIRD CHEEPS What are you doing out? (Oh!) No! They won't get away with this. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What time is it? He's half an hour late. We're here now. Let's just hear him out. He comes highly recommended. - LIVERPUDLIAN ACCENT: - Mr and Mrs Mottershead. Sorry, - I got caught up with a client. - PHONE RINGS Busy, Mr Kelly? But you have my undivided attention now, I can assure you. - How can I help? - We're looking for representation. We have a planning appeal for a zoo, scheduled in front of the Ministry of Health and the entire village of Upton. The court of public opinion can be tricky. It's not about facts and figures, it's about emotion...trust. Added to which, the council have got very deep pockets. They'll throw experts at a case like this, groom witnesses. Look, why don't I write down my fee on this piece of paper and we can negotiate from there? You don't even know the terms, how can you put a price on it? - PHONE RINGS - You get a feel for these things. Aye, for pound notes, you mean! No doubt that'd be me on the end of that phone when you got my money. Are you even qualified in the law, Mr Kelly? I've got a certificate on the wall and a waiting room full of clients to prove it. Is there a problem here? No, no, I just think I can make a better fist of things myself. - Is that right? - At least I'll know what the hell I'm talking about. - I've had enough of this! - George, hold on! You know, there's many a fella who thinks he can argue his own case, so here's a bit of advice for free - a temper like his is hardly built for a courtroom. - LUCY: - Leave that bird alone, you'll be late. But he's still not eating. Maybe I should take him to school with me, make sure he's all right. I don't want him anywhere near Upton, June. None of the people in that village can be trusted. Oh, don't be so dramatic, Albert. Well, one of them cut the nets, didn't they? Those lovebirds are tiny. They won't last five minutes in the wild. You kept them well fed, they've got a fighting chance. I tell you what, why don't you invite a friend home for tea tomorrow? Hm? Anyone you like. TYPEWRITER KEYS CLACK - Ladies, this is our newest girl, Muriel... - Atkinson. Miss Atkinson, this is Gail and Harriet. They'll make you feel right at home, I'm sure. I'm on the third floor, so come by later if you want to have lunch. She's a legend round here. Frankie? You're allowed to call her that? So, how many words a minute are you? 60...at a push. That's...pretty good. Harriet holds the record - 87 words a minute. Oh, we're not really supposed to decorate our desks. I don't need some second-rate solicitor arguing for me. He didn't even sound like a lawyer. I never had you down as a snob. CHURCH BELLS TOLL Look, Tipping's here. What are they doing? Getting organised. Mother, you're the Ministry. Dad...Chester Council. Lizzie, I need you to be Upton. Right, I'll be me, obviously. Now, I want us to imagine what they're likely to throw at us, so be as hostile as you like. Dad... why don't you start us off? Ask me a question, anything you like. Right. Well... Do you not think a zoo would detract from the value of the property in Upton village? No, not at all. Is that it? Short and to the point. But it'll hardly add to the value, will it? I mean, if the house were a stately home or something that... Oakfield was empty before. There were no rates were being paid, so I'm doing the council a favour. Oh, so we are to be grateful to you and your family for causing an uproar in a once peaceful village? Mother, the Ministry won't be saying stuff like that, will they? They'll be listening. Excuse me, Mr Mottershead, I'm in charge of these proceedings, not you. Answer the question, please. All right. Yes, you should be grateful for what my family is building. This will put Upton on the map. So it will be a magnet, attracting the worst in society? Day trippers from the city. Now, who are these day trippers that people keep going on about? No, it'll be normal folk who want to experience what my zoo can offer! Busloads of them? We can but dream. Do you find this amusing, Mr Mottershead, putting these good people through such an ordeal? Well, it's their fault for being narrow-minded bigots. You can't say things like that, son. It's true. The kind of person who vandalises that aviary - you think they're thinking rationally?! They're frightened of this zoo, they're frightened of progress, they're frightened of change! Now, you can't put a hold on the future. You heard what Neville Kelly said, the court of public opinion... The people of Upton, they're never going to accept us, so forget them. It's the Ministry we've got to convince. Good Lord, an actual job? As in every day? Morning. Hello. Mew was just telling me about her adventures in the world of work. You must be pleased. It's her choice. I'll see you tonight. Don't be late, there's still plenty to do round here. - She had to spread her wings at some point. - I know. So, to what do we owe the pleasure, Milady? Well, I actually came to say thank you for talking me into going to London. - It was good for me. - I'm glad. Which is why I've come to offer my services for the appeal, as a witness. Really? In front of everybody? Why not? It makes perfect sense. I'm your next-door neighbour. If I don't mind what you're doing, why should they? You see? Why can't everybody think like you? I should probably go. HORSE'S HOOVES OUTSIDE - BIKE BELL TINKLES - Good morning, Lady Katherine! Morning, Archie. TYPEWRITER KEYS CLACK You want to watch out, they dock your pay if you're late. It won't happen again. Can you smell something? SHE INHALES DEEPLY Smells like... ..farm. What did Katherine want? She's offered to speak on our behalf. Look, it's not exactly like we've got a long list of witnesses, you know. - She's been a good friend to us. - To us or to you? Look, if you've got any better suggestions, then please... Well, what about Mr Fenchwood? Wonderful. Maybe he can tell us how many mortgage payments we've been late for. Well, if you could swallow your pride, there is someone. Mr Mottershead is here. I'm not going to beat around the bush. I know you signed that petition. It's a shame because I thought you understood what we're trying to build better than most. I did. I do. Then help me, please. Be a character witness at the appeal. He can't. My family risks losing everything. You do you know that? - What about us? - Polly... No, it needs saying. If people don't trust us, then how on earth can we do our jobs? You're not the only ones with something to lose. Look, darling, why don't you leave us alone for a moment? She's right, it would be difficult for us if I spoke up in support. It would be even more difficult, wouldn't it, if the people knew you'd treated the bears unofficially? Aaron Webb tried a similar tactic on me, you know. You two are more alike than you realise. Look, tell people what you like about me, and if I'm called by either side I'll answer truthfully. But I won't play character witness for a man, any man, who would threaten me to get his own way. Dad's still planning on having elephants and lions, tigers too. I'm not really supposed to say it, but... It's all right. I won't tell anyone, promise. So, where's Mortimer? - There he is! - MORTIMER SHRIEKS Did I scare him? I taught him hide-and-seek last week - he loves it. Come on. - MORTIMER CHATTERS - Found you! What are you doing snooping around?! Give me them! We were just playing hide-and-seek. Mortimer was hiding. - < - Found him! Go home, do you understand me? Go on! But, Dad, Gran said I could invite her round. She's my friend. No. We have no friends in this village, June, only people trying to get one over on us. I need to work now. HORN BEEPS What are you doing here? I've got something for you. Mate of mine owed me money. Paid me in pork. FLIES BUZZ It's not fit for human consumption, but I wondered if it might be good for you? - Thanks very much(!) - For the animals, I mean! I know. Thank you, Billy. Have you had any tea yet? MURMURS: An a fortiori argument is an argument from a stronger... Must you read at the table? What's all that stuff anyway? - I thought you were going to see Neville Kelly. - Well, we did. He's a charlatan. I can do better myself. Albert, I thought you'd picked up your pension this week? I did! I needed money for books. Look, I'm trying to put together a proper defence and whatever money it takes, it will be a damn sight cheaper than what Kelly's charging. Sorry I'm late. Oh, here you go, love. How's work, then, Mew? Any idea how the case against us is shaping up? George, come on, that's not fair. What do you mean it's not fair? She's on the inside track. I can't help you, Dad. If anyone at the council knew I was a Mottershead, that'd be it for me. Well, I'm only asking you to dig around a little bit. And it wouldn't kill you to work your sources either, Billy. And what's that supposed to mean?! Come off it, will you? The way that you and Frankie were getting on at that benefit, hm? I bet she'd tell you anything. We can't go asking people to do that sort of thing for us. Why not? Do you think they're playing fair in Upton? Sabotaging our aviary! (Bloody hellfire!) Unbelievable. I'll be in the study. And the men of Israel were numbered 400,000 that drew sword. - PENGUIN CHATTERS - All these were men of war. (Not in here.) (But he's hungry, Gran!) PENGUIN CHATTERS CHATTERING CONTINUES I'm sorry my dad shouted at you. He's not himself, or so Gran says. My mum says he's finally showing his true colours. Reverend. - Tell him to let go! - Why? If he stays with you, he won't even have a roof over his head! Argh! Who started this? Answer me! - She did. - It was June. They're liars. It wasn't me, Gran. That's enough now! Mrs Mottershead, if June can't control herself, it might be best if you leave her at home next Sunday. Things are only likely to get worse. The Israelites casting out the Benjamites, you mean. I'm sorry? Your sermon. Judges 20. Seemed a bit pointed if you don't mind me saying. If you don't like my ministry, Mrs Mottershead, might I suggest you get on a bus and go to Chester? Everyone in Upton hates us, don't they? Of course not. That's what Dad says. Here. FOOTSTEPS APPROACH Not now. Excuse me?! I just... I need to get this opening statement right. I just thought you might like to know our daughter got into a fight after church - Reverend Webb broke it up. I bet he loved that. I'm taking her out of school until this whole thing is decided. - It's only one fight. - You know, there was a time when there was nothing more important to you than our family! - Who do you think I am doing this for?! - I don't know! I hardly recognise you any more! It's what they all want, you know? For us to turn on each other. Can I help you, Mrs Mottershead? This...is all our correspondence with the council. It would be a good case for you. A lot of exposure too, what with the Ministry of Health presiding. I thought your husband... I'm worried what he's willing to do to win. He's desperate and I think they'll take advantage of that. Well, you haven't given me much time to prepare. That would need to be reflected in the fee. - I was thinking about that on the bus ride here... - Good. ..and I came to the conclusion we shouldn't pay you. Say again? You're an ambitious man, obviously, self-made, but I think you need a case of this profile to prove yourself. So it would be MUTUALLY beneficial, if you think about it. PHONE RINGS Shall we make a start? HE CHUCKLES FOOTSTEPS APPROACH I apologise. I wasn't sure if I needed an appointment, Milady. It's just as well. You wouldn't have got one, Reverend. I won't keep you long. I'm assuming you've been asked to speak on behalf of the Mottersheads? I know you're a... fan of the man. Is this some sort of attempt to scare me off? No, not at all. I just wanted you to be aware that the appeal is likely to be a candid affair. Everyone in Upton knows my business by now - it's hardly a secret. Yes, no, but it's the Mottersheads that YOU'LL damage by association. Isn't it better just to stay out of it? Why is it so important to raise your head above the parapet for Mottershead of all people? I could ask you the same. Why go out on a limb and make such an effort to stop a man like George? He pushes his luck. He... ignores the wishes of the majority, he blindly pursues his own will. - You may find that heroic. - I do. Well, I find it selfish in the extreme, especially in one who purports to be a family man, then goes gallivanting around London with a single woman of questionable moral judgment. SHE SCOFFS Good day. Wish me luck, fellas. Right, there's fresh straw in the small stable. There's your list. And the baby penguin needs feeding every four hours. Are you sure this is a good idea? They're animals, Lucy! How hard can it be? It's not them I'm worried about. Just stick to the list, Billy. And no deviations or improvisations. We've got enough to worry about at the hearing. Have you got that, Billy? Look at them. Smug. Sanctimonious. Steady on. Aye, if it's a fight they want, they've got it. THEY TALK IN HUSHED TONES What's he doing here? - Lizzie, you went to him behind my back? - We need his help. (The hell we do!) He's not getting a penny of my money. It's too important to you. You'll get all worked up and play right into their hands. I have to do this. We can't trust you, George. I'll wait for you in the van, then. GENERAL CHATTER Just some housekeeping before we begin. Each side will get a chance to speak and to cross-examine evidence. This is not a court of law, but I expect every man and woman to stand on their honour. Mr Tipping, would you like to start us off, please? 'I stand before you today 'representing the proud people of Upton, 'a community threatened by 'an ill-conceived scheme to build a zoo without bars...' BEARS GRUNT LOUDLY Oh, hey! Noisy little herberts, those two, aren't they? - Is it just you? - Yeah, everyone else is at the hearing so they've left me in charge. Blimey! Hey, don't be like that! I've got me list, I've got me overalls, I've got me bucket. I've got it all! You can help me if you like. Really? Yeah, I'll go and empty this, you can worm Sidney. The Women's Institute is committed to maintaining a certain standard in rural life. Upton is, and should remain, a piece of pure English countryside, which is good for the body and mind. - MURMURS OF AGREEMENT - Thank you, Mrs Pollard. I'm not averse to a zoo, just not in Upton. After all, what's a planning committee for if not to weed out unsuitable developments? We had our say and he doesn't like it. Well, that's being a bad loser in my book. Mr Fenchwood, as the Mottersheads' bank manager, how would you best describe their business dealings? Are they prompt with their monthly mortgage payments? Not prompt, no... but I get the money...eventually. And presumably you wouldn't trust them with an overdraft facility? I'd trust them, but they'd be considered a risk by the bank. A risk? PEOPLE MURMUR Are you sure? That's what it says here. You can supposedly tell by the bigger spikes round the cheeks. So that means... Queenie's not a queen, she's a king. That must have been a shock for her! How do you think they're getting on? Oh! - What's the matter? - I forgot to feed the penguin! Dr Ford, would it be fair to say that you are predisposed to Chester Zoo, to the Mottershead family, in fact? I find George Mottershead an impressive individual, yes. Then why did you sign a petition against the proposed development? I was concerned. Like your wife, perhaps, for the safety of Upton's children? No. No? I'm reassured that the zoo is perfectly safe. There's no risk of infection or further escapes. Escapes? PEOPLE MURMUR Begging your pardon, Inspector, but I believe a monkey got free when the Mottersheads first arrived. That's what my husband meant. Is that right, Dr Ford? Is it a monkey that you were referring to? I... I would imagine... May I remind you of the inspector's words? You stand here on your honour with many of your patients amongst us. A bear. - EXTENSIVE MURMURING - A male. It got loose. George was injured containing it, but that's exactly what he did - contain it and bring it home. An escaped bear?! Near a modest, defenceless village?! No! He never got anywhere near Upton! George had a gun and he would have used it. My son loves these animals, but he'd do whatever it takes to protect us all. Quiet, let's have some order here. It's my understanding that once its permanent housing is complete, - another escape would be impossible. - That'll be all, Dr Ford. I suggest we take a short recess for lunch. It's not right, picking people apart in there. Barnaby's done nothing wrong. Give up this ridiculous notion of your husband's and it'll be over. You don't even trust George enough to have him sit in there. Lizzie, see sense. It isn't too late. Pardon me. Now what? Well, I was rather hoping our only witness would show at some point. Is she even coming? LUCY GASPS I knew it! What have you done? He won't take any food off me. Oh, Billy! Oh, what have you done to him? - Come on, you. - Let's have a look at him. Why are you not eating? Huh?! Where the hell have you been? If you wanted to get me alone, you only had to ask. Your family are getting slaughtered in there, do you know that? Well, then, help us. There must be something you can do. You know the council's case backwards. - The letter Lizzie and George wrote. - What about it? It never even got read out at the first planning meeting, not a word of it. I took the minutes, I should know. Now, if someone were to say... If they ever traced it back to you... I thought you wanted my help, Billy. If we don't do something, George hasn't got a hope. - We're going to be late! - How's it all going in there? They don't half speak fast - it's like the Olympic Games of typing - and that solicitor for the Mottersheads talks ten to the dozen. - He's not bad looking, though! - Solicitor? I'll catch you up! Dad? I'm sorry that I asked you to risk your job, Mew, that was unfair. Dad...they're about to get going again. You should be in there. No, I can't sit there and watch it all slip away, everything that we've built. HE SIGHS It really could have been something, couldn't it? It still can be. You just need to stop feeling sorry for yourself, stay calm and give it to them straight. You're the reason we came here, Dad, all of us. We followed you. I'm proud of you, Mew, I hope you know that. - Am I glad to see you! - I'm so nervous. PENGUIN CHATTERS (She's here.) George, too! Ah, here he is. Lady Katherine, I'd like to call you up right away. George, just sit, all right? They're going to try their best to try and provoke you, so don't say a word. All right. How are we doing? Not good. Shall we resume? Lady Katherine, you reside at Selborne Hall. Now, that makes you Oakfield's closest neighbour. Is Lord Ainslie not concerned that the zoo will have an impact on the value of his estate? You'd have to ask Lord Ainslie. I'm not here on his behalf, but as a character witness to the Mottershead family. - CHUCKLING: - Character! Something amusing, Councillor? Well, only that it's well known that you wouldn't be residing at Selborne Hall at all if you hadn't shown a distinct lack of moral character whilst abroad. Isn't that right? Yes. - I'm sorry? - Yes. I was foolish and I returned to this country as penance. Since being at Selborne Hall... I've had the good fortune to see what a true family is, what it is to have children who look up to you, parents who would do anything for you, and a spouse who makes you a better person. I can't sing, Mr Tipping, or paint or cook, but I can recognise good music, good art and good food without possessing any of those skills. So why not moral character, too, despite allegedly having none myself, as you so chivalrously put it? No further questions. She's put us back in this! And yet, despite a clear financial gain to your own business, you would still prefer Upton not to have a zoo? I would. It's a terrible thing for people of mixed types to enter the parish and destroy the character of a place simply to gratify commercial ambitions. Thank you, Mrs Radler. No more questions, Mr Keene. Mrs Radler, the petition that went around Upton, was that your idea? These things don't organise themselves. And the lies contained within it, did you organise those as well? I don't know what you're talking about. Fabrications, economy of truth, call it what you like. You spread falsehoods about Chester Zoo, didn't you? Whipped up dissension. I'm a Christian, Mr Kelly. I was raised, just as I raised my son, to believe that the truth beats all. And the truth is, this zoo is a mistake. So you're not a liar? No, I am not. Where's he going with this? Mrs Radler, very little has been made here today about Mr Mottershead's war service. Though I see you've just managed to crowbar it in. He's decorated. A lot of men were. George Mottershead is a hero. - So was my husband. - He died in battle? In the war, that's right. Sergeant Michael Radler, is that your husband? My husband was called Michael, yes. Sergeant Michael Radler of the Cheshire Regiment, first battalion. Shot as a deserter, January 1916. WHISPERED CONVERSATIONS What's a deserter? Shh! I think we need to stop now. Is that your husband, Mrs Radler? Leave her alone. Answer the question. Yes. So are there any other lies of yours that we should know about while we're at it? I said leave her alone! No further questions. Reverend, surely you don't mean to suggest that you alone represent the residents of Upton? No more than you represent the city of Liverpool, Mr Kelly. Have you had a chance to visit Upton... to see the proposed development? No, though I'm well acquainted with the plans for the zoo. No, but the village itself, Mr Kelly. It's a shame that you haven't made the time because to see it is to understand Upton as a true slice of Old World England. Charming cottages, free from industrial disturbance. Oakfield House itself, beautifully designed and built and now being used in the most perverse manner. And you have a prior association with the house, I understand. My wife's family owned it once. And now you consider George Mottershead an unfit occupant of such a house, the wrong social class, perhaps? I minister to every walk of life, Mr Kelly. My argument isn't with George Mottershead's class, it's with the content of his character. He's negligent, as we've established. He cares for nobody but himself. A man like him will go to any lengths to satisfy his own appetites. He's dishonourable, dangerous, Devilish, if you will. Just him... or the entire family? I'm sorry? Are they all dangerous, all the Mottersheads? His wife, for instance, Elizabeth, would you describe her as a danger to Upton? No. But a poor mother, surely? Letting her children's welfare be put at risk by Mr Mottershead. No, I would not describe her as a poor mother. Then how would you describe her? She's a highly capable woman. A moderating force in her husband's life, thank God, not that he appreciates it. Like most beautiful things, Oakfield House included, she's wasted on him. Wasted on him? Is that right? Surely a woman so admired by you could control her husband, work with him to create a successful, safe zoo. Unless that's beyond her? If anyone could... ..that person would be Lizzie Mottershead. Thank you, Reverend Webb. No more questions, Inspector. Now he has finally graced us with his presence, we would like to call George Mottershead. George, come here. BILLY WHISPERS INAUDIBLY All cities should have a zoo, from an educational point of view. Children should be allowed to see animals and birds in their natural states, rather than stuffed in their skins. - Cities. - Beg your pardon? You said cities should have a zoo. Upton isn't a city. Wouldn't it be better to do this sort of thing municipally? In Liverpool, say? Yes, but they're not doing it. PENGUIN CALLS PEOPLE MUTTER How much did Oakfield cost you? ?3,500. And the rates? Er... I'm not sure off the top of my head. ?47 per half year, heating and lighting are ?90. Our total running costs, with feed and upkeep, would be around ?600 a year. And those aren't figures you've just plucked out of the sky, I suppose? I can vouch for the accuracy of those figures. Thank you, Mr Fenchwood. Very well. How many visitors per year do you need to make a profit? Or should I be asking your wife that question as well? By all means. We'd give the same answer. 100 people a day. What's to prevent them coming in larger numbers? Well, if they come in their hundreds and thousands, I'll just raise the entry fee. SCATTERED LAUGHTER Can you tell me a little more about the bear that attacked you? That's too strong a word there, Mr Tipping. It was defending itself, it was cornered. Normally black Himalayan bears are docile creatures, milder than Alsatian dogs. TIPPING CHUCKLES DISBELIEVINGLY PENGUIN CALLS LOUDLY And have you any intention of keeping any more dangerous animals? Lions? Tigers? PENGUIN CONTINUES TO CALL What is that infernal racket?! Oh, pipe down! We've listened to you squawking away all day, what's the difference? - Please, I really must insist... - I'm sorry about the disturbance, I am, but these animals don't give a damn about bureaucracy. They want shelter, a home, people who love them, like George does. Like our whole family does... Your Honour. Mr Mottershead, would you kindly control your...extended family and answer the questions, please? Do you intend to keep any more dangerous animals? Well, it's difficult to define dangerous animals, you see. Well, man-eaters, predators! What's so hard about that?! Mr Mottershead, I'm waiting. You have my word. No more dangerous animals at Oakfield. That's just as well, considering you can't control the ones you've already got. You recently lost an entire aviary of birds, if my information is correct. Well, it's not correct. It's not even bloody close! Somebody cut those nets, somebody sat here in this room right now! And there we have it! George Mottershead lashing out! The contempt of this man for the people of Upton is staggering! I put it to you that you don't care about the safety of this community one iota, and despite having an ample opportunity to state your case in a fair manner... - Oh, you've been fair, have you, Mr Tipping? - Impeccably so. Then you'll remember the letter that we wrote stating our plans for the zoo, which was submitted in time for that first planning meeting. I never saw such a letter. Really? Because I have it on good authority that its existence was recorded in the minutes of that meeting, which are on file in your office. It also says that it was your decision not to read it out. Now, if that letter had been read out as intended, it would have set out how this zoo will be a way of appreciating the world around us, from a baby penguin to a 100-year-old tortoise, a place where all our families, mine included, can be in touching distance of something magical. Now, as for having nothing but contempt for Upton, then, yes, I have at times fallen into that trap, but that's not how I feel now. I don't blame any of you for protecting what you love - I can't. It's exactly what I'm trying to do right now. Now, we've all said and done things we don't mean, myself included, and we don't always see eye-to-eye, but I believe we could live side-by-side. I really do. Mr Kelly? No questions. Having heard confused accounts from both sides, conjecture, ill feeling... it's abundantly clear that no decision can be reached until there is an inspection of the proposed development. We'll therefore adjourn until tomorrow, when I propose an open inspection of Chester Zoo. The community is, of course, invited. 8.00am, Oakfield House. Thank you, gentlemen. MURMURED CONVERSATIONS That meeting was confidential. You told them, didn't you? - I felt it was the right thing to do. - You're dismissed. Please. I didn't mean... You've made your bed, my girl, now lie in it. - Go on, she needs you. Go on! - Yeah. - FRANKIE SOBS - Come here. TYPEWRITER KEYS CLACK - Is it finished? - It is. Funny, you know he'd almost won them round by the end. Who? Mew's dad. I'm right, aren't I? Yes. Well, your secret's safe with us. GENERAL CHATTER Here we go. Ready for us, Mr Mottershead? Right, so we're all agreed not to crowd him or pester him, just let the zoo do the talking for itself. Whatever happens now, your brother would have been proud of you. I hope you know that. Here, where are you going? Just going to have a quick listen. LIZZIE GROANS - LUCY: - Of course, they thought I was mad, but I knew straightaway she was pregnant. They're beautiful, aren't they? That one's Gilbert and that one's Sullivan. BEARS GRUNT KEENE RATTLES THE LOCKS REPEATEDLY ANIMALS GRUNT, PEOPLE CHATTER PENGUINS HONK NOISILY Go on. Hello. Was this the chap making all the fuss at the hearing? He's stronger now. You can feed him if you like. No, no. Thank you. It was my favourite exhibit, that. What was it? An aviary. I wish you could have seen it before. Thank you. I didn't realise you were coming. I thought it was time I saw it for myself. And my boy was keen, so... QUIETLY: What did you think? I think you've built what you said you would. And if the Ministry gives you approval, I'll do my best to make sure - you get some sort of overdraft to see you through. - Thank you. Only if they give you approval, mind. Hello, Mr Keene. Everything all right? - You saw all the animals and that? - I did indeed and that concludes the inspection side of things, Mr Mottershead. - And what's the verdict? - I'll inform you in due course. What do you mean? I'll need to get back to London, review my notes and the testimony. Well, listen, you've got to give me a clue, please. Just tip me the wink, - anything. - I can't, I'm afraid. Why not? Because...my mind is not made up. Then tell me, what can I do, please? I meant every word I said in that hearing - no more dangerous animals. What else can I say? Nothing. You've done everything you can. DOOR OPENS, BELL TINKLES It's quiet in here. It's been like that all day. Is your mum all right? Are YOU all right? My whole life she's been...lying to me. She must have had her reasons, trying to protect you, I bet. She loves you, Archie, and she needs you now. Family comes first, right? - Right. - On account, is it? Cash. I've just been paid. - It's all right, Mum, I've got it. - Nonsense, I can do it. BELL TINKLES, DOOR CLOSES BIRD CHIRRUPS Sorry I'm late. In due course? What does that even mean? When they're good and ready and not before, I suppose. COINS CLATTER There you go, love. DOOR OPENS - Anything? - Not yet. BICYCLE BELL RINGS We'll maybe hear something tomorrow? I just found something in my garden. Took me ages to get them to trust me. Grandad, come and see! They're back! The lovebirds! Two of them! - The Blood of Christ... - Amen. (Oh, come on!) GEORGE: All right, all right! Lizzie! Lizzie, we've done it! We've gone and bloody done it! BICYCLE BELL RINGS What's all this, then? What do you think, love? 'Chester Zoo is official 'and we have a letter from His Majesty's Government to prove it. 'But there's still plenty to do 'before we welcome our first visitors. 'We don't have as many exotic species as Dad promised...' ROARING FROM OUTSIDE '..but he told the minister no more dangerous animals 'and he could hardly break his word just for me.' CREATURE SNARLS BELLOWING ROARS OUTSIDE ROARING CONTINUES FEROCIOUS GROWLING 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 