Our Zoo: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Our Zoo 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Our Zoo (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 Frankie, a council secretary dating Billy, shows George that Camilla Radler lied in order to get her petition signed to stop the zoo and he confronts her but, even with the money from the fund raising event, finances are at an all-time low and George has to sell Adam to Belle Vue zoo on the promise of retrieving him in better days. Following her disgrace Katherine is hiding away but on discovering that her nephew Aldous works for Sir Arthur Addison, the deputy minister of health, who approves planning permission appeals, George persuades her to go to London with him where they button-hole Sir Arthur, resulting in permission for a public hearing. Back at the zoo Muriel's efforts to get work as a typist, helped by Archie, whom she encourages to stand up to his mother, are more successful than June's idea to give the villagers camel rides whilst Eve gives birth to two cubs. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Go on! GUNSHOT Argh! Must have been a big animal. I was fixing greenhouse. Yes, you can have your benefit here. And you'll host it? It wouldn't be appropriate. We need specific complaints in writing. A petition, you mean? You kind are little better than whores. It wasn't like that. You cannot bear to see a man like me 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 living in a place like Oakfield, can you? Permission for Chester Zoo has been denied. Our Zoo news. I'm sorry to report that our opening has had to be delayed. Building work continues every day and all the animals are in fine health, but we are being prevented from welcoming our first visitors by what Mum calls "forces beyond our control." Still, the energy of George M Mottershead Esquire can overcome any obstacle. HE CLEARS HIS THROAT Ah, no, no. You'll have to put that out. Now they've been hand-reared from cubs, so they're good around people. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 GRUNTING Though I would advise you not to corner the male. GRUNTING CONTINUES Female doesn't do much, does she? What were you expecting? People come to Belle Vue for a day out, Mr Mottershead. A bit of a show. They're animals, not performers. What else have you got? Birds, penguins, a reptile house. If they're in the same condition as your male bear, I can take some of them off your hands too. We're only selling the bears. He seems healthy, but the female... Well, she was malnourished. It's taking time for her to get her back on her feet, but she'll get there soon enough. I can't split them bears up. It's your choice, but I'm not interested in her, only him. I'll get the van ready, give you time to make up your mind. HE SIGHS There's more where that came from. Let me know when you make your mind up about the rest. Ready? CHILDREN CHATTER You should have come, Dad. Tarzan was swinging through the trees. Oh, aye? Talking to them chimps, was he? His best friend's a monkey. Who ever would believe that?! Mum? What's wrong? Your father and I have made a decision. Listen, we need to survive, we need to keep the animals fed, I need to work out what we do now. We can't have a zoo without council permission. What have you done? Someone came to see Adam. What does that mean? That means you sold him, didn't you? That's why you gave us money for the pictures. First time we've been anywhere since we moved here. We were trying to make things as easy as we could for you and June. By selling him behind our backs? Now, you hold on, young lady. It wasn't like that. Wasn't it? What happens next time we're short? Just going to sell someone else? We didn't even get to say goodbye. I had no choice, love, you've got to believe me. June... Doesn't seem right, splitting them bears up. Not after they've been together so long. Dad, I tried, I tried. June! He wouldn't take her, not while she's still unwell. You did what you had to do, I understand that. But we should have discussed it - as a family. I'm going to find a job, first thing tomorrow. Mew... We can't afford the bills, can we? Not without paying customers. No, we can't, but... Then, if I get a position, I could bring back money. That's what we need. I don't want you doing that. I'll still live here. I can help out in the evenings, but during the day I'll be out in the world. Working. If you're sure. I am. I never realised how much Mew did about the place. She's got the right idea, you know. Striking out. There's little point in sinking more blood and sweat into this place if we're only going to end up handing it over to somebody else. That won't happen. Of course it will. How are we supposed to hang onto it? I mean, it's hardly a business now. I told you when we moved here... Here we go. ..when you threw our lot in with George, I told you the risks we were taking. He's a pioneer. He's flat broke, Albert. It's time to talk about our future. After Oakfield. I still believe in him. What's to believe in? We haven't got planning permission. There isn't going to be a zoo. I'm not listening. We've got too much work to do. What do you mean "we"? And what am I supposed to do with these? I'm talking to you. Don't you walk away from me, Albert Mottershead! BEAR GRUNTS You're well shot of him. The male of the species is nothing but trouble. Dad! Is the zoo closed for ever? It's only temporary. We'll get those gates open, we'll get Adam back, just wait and see. How? I've got plenty of ideas. It's just a matter of choosing the right one. ARCHIE: Right, we'll get those sent off for you right away, thank you very much. Bye! Bye now. Bye. DOOR CLOSES CAMILLA: He was a married man, apparently, not that Lady Katherine Longmore let that stop her. Some people think they can behave any way they like, and to hell with the consequences - but justice finds us all in the end. A village like Upton is no place for secrets. What are you doing? Shh! Ooh! I'm trying to listen. ..the relatives. But what's going to happen when they've had enough of her antics? You already have a job. Can I get you a chair? You'd be much more comfortable. Archibald, your counter is unmanned. DOOR OPENS I need to borrow that. Why? "Chester Council, typing pool secretaries. "60 words a minute." Mew, you can't do that! That's why I need to practise. I mean - they're the enemy. Don't be stupid. Frankie works for them. Besides, I'm not doing a cleaning job, and they're the only other vacancies going. Look, you dictate, I'll type. See how fast I am. Go on. Our Zoo News. Fifth edition. Last week, I promised an update on Sidney's exam... Hold on! DOORBELL RINGS Can I come in? Where are the staff? Oh, I've given them a few days off. It's the first time I've been properly alone in ages. I've missed it. Um... I wanted to make sure you were all right - after the benefit. I'm fine. I understand now why you didn't want to be a part of it, and I'm sorry if... ..we made things difficult for you. Someone was bound to recognise me. Do the rest of the family know? Only Mew. No-one else need know. Thank you. Come to Oakfield. For tea. Tomorrow. So we can thank you for everything that you've done for us. I'll be there. Good. Well... I'll leave you in peace. I'm so sorry to hear about the planning decision. You didn't deserve it after all your hard work. Who told you? George. At the benefit. I think he was plucking up the courage to go home and tell you. How is he? He seemed so upset. You know George. He won't be beaten. It's bloody Don Bradman! 334 runs in one innings, it's inhuman. For the archive. Imagine what his average is! We should do this more often - a little lunchtime liaison. What's this? Give this to George. But I need it back before anyone realises it's gone - do you understand? This is exciting, eh? Like a thriller. BEAR GRUNTS What's all this about, then? Oh! What do you think you're doing? No, not interested. It's a hell of a plot. You ought to know we'd offer exactly what you paid for it. Who are you, exactly? It says on the card. We're Chester's biggest land agency. Give that back to him, Lizzie. Now, listen... I don't know who it is that sent you but I can tell you I am... You'd get back every penny you spent. It would be like this whole thing never happened. Right, out. Go on! George... Go on! George! Don't... The vultures are circling, Lizzie. Right, let's just say that we sell the house. I can't believe you're even considering it... Dad, please, just let me finish. Now, we sell the house, but we lease the stables off the new owners to keep the animals. Where are we supposed to live? A tent? I don't know, Mother. I'm just... I'm trying to hold on to everything. Well, you can't move the female. Not until she's had her little one. Say that again? The bear. She's pregnant. How would you know? A mother's instinct. I've heard it all now. Special delivery. Everyone in Upton's signed it, most have added their two penn'orth, an' all. In the margins, too. Listen to this... "Bear-baiting at Oakfield will draw the wrong kind of people to Upton." Bear baiting?! "The music from the dancehall at Oakfield "will carry for miles around." What dancehall? You want to read on, there's talk of electric hare racing and fairground attractions. But it's all lies. These people fight dirty, Lucy. I don't believe this - Barnaby's signed. And his wife. Show me. A petition like this doesn't happen by accident. Before I had your Uncle Stan, I cleaned the shop from top to bottom. Your grandad thinks I'm batty, of course, but I think she's nesting. I believe you, Gran. There's a good girl. Now, it's up to us to see she's not moved under any circumstances. Mrs Davis? I'm the proprietor of Chester Zoo. I do believe you may have signed a petition in error. I was wondering who it was that asked you to sign that...? Mr Fentiman. "A speedway" - as in racing motorcycles? You wrote this? I stand by every word. But it's a falsehood. We're a zoo. Who asked you to write this? Please. That's you, isn't it? Come on, you can be honest with me. Did someone put you up to this? No bars does not mean no protection for the public. A word please, Mrs Radler. Archie, phone the police. I won't be intimidated by men like you. Seems like you're the one doing the intimidating, by all accounts. This petition. Whose idea was it? Mine. Yeah. You're really willing to lie about my family? Misrepresent everything that we've been doing? If that's what it takes. The end justifies the means - for Upton and for Chester Council. Do you know what? It's a shame, because I'm building this for people just like you. People who need to experience a little bit of joy in their lives. Mr Mottershead! You should go. George! George, take a breath. Hey! Well, he's fired up. I'm on to you. Do you hear me? I am on to you. I'm sorry? You've been working alongside elements in Upton - a coordinated campaign against my family. And that... That's corruption. Shut the door. Go on. Do you play? Sorry? Cricket. No, I don't play bloody cricket! I'm not here to talk about cricket! Listen, I know, it's Oakfield, I understand that. You know, you should play. It's wonderful for patience, you know? You've got to pick your moment. You can't just swing wildly at every ball. This is not your moment, Mr Mottershead. This zoo. You're a resourceful man. You'll turn your hand to something else. I'm appealing this decision. Very well. Frankie! Mr Mottershead would like to appeal the council's decision. Would you tell him what that entails, please? Planning decisions can be appealed under Article B of the 1922 Town Planning Order. The general interim development clause. It's the Ministry of Health's decision, not Chester Council's. Right. Well, that's good, then. I seem to remember that we had an appeal when I first started here. What happened? The fella bankrupted himself on lawyers' fees. Ended up in prison for robbing a post office! I've tried being nice, Mr Mottershead. But you've lost. Now pick up your stumps and go and play somewhere else. There's a good chap. Did you put them right, Dad? Not yet. But I will. You've got to speak up for yourself in this life, June Bug. No-one else will. TYPEWRITER CLACKS What's that? I'd say about 30 words a minute. At most. BELL TOLLS TYPEWRITER CLACKS Argh! Agh! Yes, Ministry of Health, please. Westminster 0541. 'Transferring you now.' Thank you. 'Hello?' Is that the Ministry? Good morning, I'm calling from the offices of George Mottershead Esquire. Please hold. ARCHIE: You look awful. Thanks very much(!) I've been up all night. Look, you know how to type, don't you? It's an essential skill for a junior postmaster. Where's your mum? WI luncheon. Can you close up for a few minutes? You know, the last time you asked me for something... Please, Archie. I really need your help. What's the metronome for? A well composed letter is not a sprint, Mew, it's a marathon. And a steady rhythm is essential. I need to type 60 words a minute. I can't even speak that fast. Patience. Here we go... Right, copy out that page. SHE TYPES IN TIME TO METRONOME 'Mr Mottershead?' Yes! 'Are you still there?' Yes, still here. 'He will call you back.' He will? He'll call me back - can you guarantee that? 'He'll call you back at five o'clock.' Very good. 5pm? 'Yes.' Very good. I'll be waiting. 'Thank you.' Thank you. Stop! Well? Definite improvement. 37 words...not counting mistakes. Let's do it again. DOOR CLATTERS Archie? Archie?! Why is this door locked? Archie! Archie! Archie... Get out. Now. Wait. What am I supposed to do with you? I was only helping her... I don't want you speaking to her again. They won't ring now. You don't know that. There's still time. KNOCK AT DOOR Shall I go, then? Am I early? Early? PHONE RINGS In you come, milady. Quick as you can. Hello. Upton 1154. Yes, Oakfield Zoological Gardens, that's right. Well, I... Yes, I understood that a Ministry of Health appeal was possible under... 'At this time we have 539 appeals waiting.' I see. 'There will be approximately a nine-month wait. 'I'm sorry, Mr Mottershead, there is nothing we can do.' Yes, yes, I understand, thank you. At this present time there are 539 appeals waiting Sir Arthur Addison's attention. He's the Deputy Minister there. Well, how long will that take? Nine months. That's the backlog, assuming that he'll even consider it when he gets to it. We won't last that long without paying visitors. So that's it. I have a nephew who works at the Ministry of Health... if that's any use. Cook's not back till tomorrow, so this is my first attempt at baking. I'm going to save mine till later. Mm... Delicious. Um... Your nephew works with this Sir Arthur. Do you think he'd introduce me? Oh, I wouldn't want to put the boy in a difficult position. Why would you do that? Well, he's only been in the job a year so I'd hate to rock the boat. But perhaps I can ask him to get the appropriate number... Well, no, I've spent half the day trying to get someone to telephone me back. This... It needs more of a face-to-face approach. I'm sorry but my father's side of the family aren't exactly my biggest fans. Well, now, maybe if you could just... George... Lady Katherine's already given you her answer. Seeing you're enjoying it so much... Well? I've kept my mouth shut since we arrived. You wanted to be your own man, fine, but that bear cannot be moved. Do you hear me? She's vulnerable enough now that Adam's gone. She needs to feel protected. We don't even know if she's pregnant. She's nesting. All animals do it when they're having a little one. Even alligators. Where did you read that? That book of yours. And you can wipe that grin off your face - I skimmed it, that's all. I know what I'm talking about. I can't force my way into the Ministry of Health... Since when did you take no for an answer? What are you doing there? I am deadheading. Right. It's too early for that. Is it? Aye. Oh, damn it! This domestic stuff's a lot harder than it looks. What? We need to take a run down to London. George, if that's what you came here to ask... Hear me out, Katherine. Now, I can't see your nephew without an introduction, and without him I can't see this Sir Arthur fella. I thought I'd already explained... Now, I don't want to pry into your family affairs, Katherine, that's your business. Yes. Yes, it is. But unless you do this, it's over. For me and my family. I've run out of ideas. You could come too, you know. The train doesn't leave for an hour - still time for you to go and get changed. You don't want me there. I'll hold the fort here. So what did you say to Katherine, to make her change her mind? I just told her we were desperate. You all right? Yeah. Here she is. Make sure you ring me, all right? Dad! Here...take this. What's this? It's the Zoo News, I've been writing it since we came. It's in case you run out of things to say. Ready? Yes. I, er... I tried the bell... No-one answered. Everyone's busy, Reverend. I'm not the enemy, Lizzie. I never said you were. Look, I'm not sure what he's told you, but my presence at the benefit was only an attempt to warn you. To stop you making a fool of yourselves. Is that what we did? No. It was an extraordinary occasion. I see how hard you're working. But...can you really afford to keep Oakfield now? I'm sure you'd fetch a good price for it. We've already had an offer from a land agent, to buy it back for what we paid for it. Well, in this climate, I'd have thought... It's not enough to cover our debts. Besides, the girls are settled. June's in school. There's a cottage in Upton. It's a good home for a family. If George could bear to scale back his ambitions... Thank you. But...we're staying put. It must look very different from when your wife's family owned it. I...I don't think I appreciated it back then. Still burying your head in the sand? Still talking to that bear? We'll show him. I can't. I waited till your mum went out. Look, the typing test is today. Bring your fingers back to the letters I showed you and you'll be fine. You've got to stand up to her sooner or later, you know. You don't know what you're talking about. You could do this job anywhere, get a transfer to one of the big sorting offices. I've got a good life here. Building model airplanes and being bossed around by your mum? You should go. You'll be late. SHE SIGHS BELL RINGS Here he is! Auntie! It is obscene how good you look. Come here immediately! Aldous, behave. This is the gentleman I told you about. George Mottershead. Ah, of course. The zoo man. So? Is he ready? Who? Sir Arthur. My dear chap, Sir Arthur is a deputy minister, an officer of the state. He couldn't possibly see you himself. But when we spoke on the phone... I was at the club, I heard every third word. You, London, something about a zoo. Have you tried calling the Ministry? Yes, I've tried that a dozen times. All right, don't blow your wig. He must be able to give us two minutes. Aldous, I need you. Is that him? Er... Look, if you must know, there's a reshuffle in the pipeline and we've no idea if Sir Arthur's in or out until we get the PM's call, so it's business as usual until then, and the opera tonight to keep his mind off things. Aldous, you've let me down. I wasn't even supposed to see you. When I mentioned it to Mother, she forbade me even the briefest hello. Why? What did she say? You've brought enough shame on this family. Her words, not mine. Look, I'm sorry, I really have to go. It was good to see you. Enjoy your day out in London, Mr Mottershead. Let's just leave. I only need a minute. Please! What was all that about, Katherine? I just want to go home. Well, we came all this way. And I'm sorry. Look, let's just get a cab. No, no, no. Not until you tell me what is going on, Katherine. 'I met someone. He was married.' An engineer building a railway line through Nairobi. The scandal almost cost my father his job. He was Chief Secretary of Kenya. The only way to spare everyone was for me to come home... to nothing. Until all of you came. Well, it takes two people to make a mistake like that. Now, listen, you can slope home and you can hide and you can let them win or you can do something about it. What do you have in mind? I don't know. Opera sounds good. You are joking? HE WHISTLES All right, but you can't go dressed like that. Savile Row, please. Yes, ma'am. Mew? What are you doing here? I've come for the typing pool job. Don't use your dad's name on the exam paper, just in case. He's not too popular round here. You have three minutes... starting now. TYPEWRITER KEYS CLACK METRONOME TICKS LOUDLY 'Chester Zoo desperately needs supporters. 'Dad has been working day and night to win people round 'but the rest of us also need to do our bit. 'If we don't stand up for ourselves, nobody else will.' Mortimer, I've got an idea. MORTIMER SQUEAKS HE SNIFFS What is this anyway? It's oats and milk. She needs the energy. You made this especially? You're going soft, you are. Just hurry up and give it to her. Keep your head down. IT BRAYS DEEPLY What are you doing here? I could say the same. Giving me a lift home, like he does most nights. You two? Don't tell your mum about Frankie, all right? I don't want her getting the wrong idea. What idea is that? Well, that it's anything serious. It's just friendship. It's fun. Like at your age. I'm not a child, you know. What is she doing? June of Arabia. I'm here to tell you the truth about our zoo and the wonders it has to offer. Come closer. Don't worry, he doesn't bite. KNOCKING None of the animals are dangerous if you treat them right. Who else wants a go then, eh? Come on, don't be shy. Who's next, eh? You two could be in the Grand National. So. How was it? I don't know yet. Look, Archie, I'm... Camel rides now, is it? I'm surprised you're not charging. I'm taking this down, for a start. That's nothing to do with you, you can't touch that! Uncle Billy! Yes, I can. Come here, you! Put that back! You're defiling church property. CAMEL GROWLS Sidney, wait! CRIES OF ALARM Sidney, wait! Sidney! Sidney! Sidney, no! Sidney, come back! Sidney! Sidney! No, no, stay, stay, wait, wait. Easy. Hey, hey, hey, hey. IT BRAYS Shh. Shh, shh, shh. Come here. It's OK, it's OK. Come on. That's it. There you go. What is going on? What the hell are you doing putting kids on his back? You read that petition. You know what they think of us. Are you an idiot? No. I'm not. I saw June out there alone and so I stepped in. Don't point fingers at me, Lizzie. You're her mother. Where the hell were you? Take your sister home, Mew. He'll need to wear it immediately. You can charge it to my nephew, Aldous Whittlington Smith, 7 Highgrove Gardens. Very well, milady. I wasn't convinced that was going to work. What do you think? You scrub up well, Mr Mottershead. CROCKERY CLINKS I'm so glad you changed your mind. It's a lovely cottage. We can easily get hold of the keys, show you around. That's not why I came. It's a new offer for Oakfield. ?200 more than we paid for it. It's enough to cover our debts. A miracle, Reverend. You contacted the land agent after we spoke, didn't you? Did you send him to us in the first place? Lizzie... Of course you did. George can't possibly build what's in his head. He'll drag you all down trying. That's not true. What chance will the girls have then, with a bankrupt as a father? I defended you to George. I told him he was wrong about you. But we don't belong in a house like Oakfield, that's it, isn't it? That's why you want us in a cottage. Restore the natural order around here. Don't be absurd. You've no idea what my family is capable of. I think I know what George is capable of. I wonder, do you? What's that supposed to mean? That he's alone in London with a woman like Katherine Longmore. A man like that, he's wilful, he's proud, he's no idea what he's got until it's gone. It's wasted on him. YOU'RE wasted on him. I think you loved your wife very much and I'm sorry for your loss and I'm grateful for you making me welcome when no-one else did but... I think we should stay out of each other's way from now on. Just remember, when they force George out of Oakfield, I was the one who tried to make you see sense. PHONE RINGS George, thank God! Where have you been? Hello? Who? Well, yes, I think she is. It's Chester Council... for Muriel Atkinson. Yes, this is Muriel Atkinson. Thank you. 'Monday morning start?' Of course. First thing Monday morning would be fine. I'm much obliged. Goodbye. I got a job. And what job might that be... Miss Atkinson? Katherine, how am I going to do this? Think of them as animals. This is their water hole, so approach with caution but act like you belong. You're not a predator, you're not carrion either. Right. Best foot forward. I'll wait right here. Not a chance. There they are. Ready? Mm. You? See you at the interval. Oh, God. You all right, Aldous? Sir Arthur, sorry to interrupt. May I introduce George Mottershead? He was just desperate to meet you. I wonder if I might momentarily pick your brains, Minister. We really ought to be taking our seats, sir. I'm sure we have a moment. Fan of the opera, Mr Mottershead? Not exactly. Which one is this again? Cosi Fan Tutte. Ah, yes, of course. Aldous' favourite. He loves the rackety ones. Go on. You were saying? Only that it's...a matter of not inconsiderable importance, you see. By which I mean to say that it is very important to us. To me. To... To one. BELL RINGS We're out of time, I'm afraid. Lovely to have met you, though, and your wife. Oh, no, she's not me wife. Now what? Smile and say nothing. LOW GROWL IT PANTS BEAR MOANS Lucy, it's getting cold out here. She'll be going into labour any time now. So you keep saying. Take a break. Come in and have some tea. I'm not budging. Are you really certain about this? Yes, I am. Right. Well, I'll get another blanket and tell the girls. They won't want to miss this. IT MOANS They have their uses. OPERA SINGING I'll be right back. Now, let me get this straight - those two fellas, they're swapping fiancees, is that right? Something like that, yes. You look like you've got the weight of the world on your shoulders. What makes you say that? Your man, Aldous, may have mentioned something. Look, if you're after some sort of quote, I tend to be the last one in government to know anything. No, no. I'm not a newspaperman. I'm not an opera lover neither. I'm here tonight because I need your help, Sir Arthur. DOOR OPENS IT MOANS George is going to miss this if he doesn't hurry up. IT PANTS OPERA SINGING FADES IN BEAR MOANS Now, people assume that no bars means the animals will be running free, but, see, we use natural barriers in our zoo. Now, let me show you what I mean. Right. OPERA SINGING CONTINUES And this one, it's already built. Now, we're so close... The kind of appeal you're asking for is a big undertaking. Sir? It's all right, Aldous. Everything's fine. Look, I'm sorry I can't help you, Mr Mottershead. Really, I am. Er... My daughter wrote this. Please. Nine year old, she is. "The first thing you need to know about animals is that they're "just like human beings only with much better manners." HE CHUCKLES Penguins walking down the high street. This really happened? People were transfixed. It's just so difficult to get them to see the bigger picture. But I'm sure a man in your position has that problem all the time. It appears I'm being lobbied, Aldous. You should go into politics, my dear. You'd be quite the secret weapon. Now, I don't know about you, but my family has stood by me through everything. Us men... we follow our calling... ..but they're the ones who make the sacrifice, wouldn't you say? No guarantees, but I'll look into the matter. If I've still got a job in the morning, that is. Come along, Aldous. Well, it looks like you got your meeting after all, Auntie. No hard feelings, I hope? Of course not. That's a nice dinner jacket. "Nice jacket." Well, I'm glad you liked it, you paid for it! Don't! I feel awful. I don't believe that for a second. It's my first time in London. You're joking! What do you think? Yeah, it's all right. Bit lively. Hey, we've missed it. We can't have done. What are we are going to do? Well, there's always Claridge's. Thank you, Katherine. For everything. We make a good team, don't we? Good night, George. PHONE RINGS BEAR GROWLS IN PAIN Yeah, that's right, go on, I'm not going anywhere. Wake up, June. I think it's happening. BEAR CONTINUES GROWLING Oh! Oh, yeah. CUB SQUEAKS How many, do you think? Two. Boys. Aww. Now who's going soft? CHURCH BELLS TOLL SHEEP BLEATS I was worried about you. I tried telephoning, but it looks like you've been busy. How did you get on, son? Shh! She's sleeping. WHISPERING: Let's go and have a look. I got the job. Aw, that's good news. You're hopeless without it. I'm sorry for what I said, I didn't mean... Yes, you did. It's all right. I like my life. You know the best part of my day? Riding through those gates every morning. Your dad will want to see this. Did she stay in town for the night? She must have done, aye. Hope she got more sleep than I did on that bloody pavement. And she's all right being up there? Amongst her own? She were magnificent. I couldn't have done it without her. What is it? I was worried, that's all. When you didn't come home. I know how you feel about her. What does that mean? Dad! HE CLEARS HIS THROAT "A public hearing to decide the planning application "of Oakfield Zoological Gardens "has been approved. Stop." THEY SHOUT FOR JOY Son! We should probably kiss and make-up. Oh, you keep your hands to yourself. "Legal representations will present arguments "to the Ministry of Health in front of Upton residents." Legal representations? That means lawyers and money. It means we get to fight another day. THEY LAUGH AND GIGGLE If they want a public hearing then we'll just give them one, we'll throw everything at them. Everyone who's ever been affected by Oakfield. We'll need witnesses. Experts. I don't want this man making a fool of us any more than you do. The council will pay for every expert we can lay our hands on. We'll just show him to be this blundering amateur. Incompetence isn't enough any more. Mottershead has to be seen as a menace. We need to draw him out, expose his instability in front of Upton, even his own family. Destroy the man and we'll destroy the zoo. Look at that. That's it. If it's a fight they want, they've got it. They're frightened of this zoo, they're frightened of progress, they're frightened of change! A temper like his is hardly built for a courtroom. I've come to offer my services as a witness. I thought you were going to see Neville Kelly? He's a charlatan, I can do better meself. What's he doing here? We can't trust you, George. If we don't do something, George hasn't got a hope. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 