Family Ties: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Family Ties 
 s1e4 - Summer of '82 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Family Ties (1982–1989): Season 1, Episode 4 - Summer of '82 - full transcript 
 Alex loses his heart--and a lot more--to a fast college girl who he met while making grocery deliveries. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ I bet we've been together for a million years ♪ ♪ and I'll bet we'll be together for a million more ♪ ♪ oh, it's like I started breathing ♪ ♪ on the night we kissed ♪ and I can't remember what I ever did before ♪ ♪ what would we do, baby ♪ without us? ♪ what would we do, baby ♪ without us? ♪ and there ain't no nothin' ♪ ♪ we can't love each other through ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ ooh-hoo ♪ what would we do, baby ♪ without us? ♪ sha-la-la-la okay, kid, you ready? Are you sure this is a good idea, Alex? I don't know anything about delivering groceries. It's a great idea. It's about time you get a little experience in the job market. Besides, you figure people will give you bigger tips if you're with a little girl. How can you be so cynical? Maybe it's because I only get 25 cents out of each dollar tip. Who is it? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Alex: Adler's grocery! Door's open. Come on in. Hi. You ordered some groceries? Yeah, just set them down on the counter and bill my account, okay? Sure. Okay, they're on the counter. I say, they're on the counter. Yeah, and, uh, we're ready for our tip. Jennifer! Uh, you have to excuse my sister. No, no, no, no. She's absolutely right. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be rude. It's just that I'm trying to write this paper for school, and I'm pretty caught up in it. Hey, I know the feeling. I'm sort of a workaholic myself. This is my senior thesis. It's on Milton Friedman's economic theories. Pretty boring, huh? Are you kidding? I-i love Milton Friedman. He's my favorite economist. You have a favorite economist? He's not a normal boy. Well, you know, I hate to play favorites, but, uh, I'm really excited about Friedman's theory that by keeping a tight lid on the money supply, the federal reserve board can control inflation. I don't agree. By following that policy, the fed keeps interest rates artificially high, which stifles the growth of the economy. Oh, I-i don't know. I think the high interest rates are mostly a psychological phenomenon. See, the banks just don't have enough confidence in the economy to take the risk of lowering them. Speaking of the economy, Alex, time is money. I'm gonna take the groceries next door to 215. If you're not in the car in 15 minutes, I'm leaving without you. Uh, Jennifer, don't forget our deal. I won't. 75 for me, 25 for you. Cute kid. Yeah, real cute. You know, you made an interesting point about Friedman's economic theory. I never thought of looking at it that way. Well, it's a... it's a subtle yet intriguing perspective. Oh, I-i put your soap in freezer bags. It helps keep the scent from permeating the food. Oh, and, uh, I individually wrapped your eggs. I've never seen that done before. Well, uh, most people don't take groceries that seriously. Most people don't take life that seriously. It's my first day. You're my first delivery. I hope I haven't overdone it. Oh, I, uh, pitted those olives for you. I hope you don't mind. Did you leave my tea in the tea bags? Uh, listen, I'm starting to get a little worried about Jennifer. I'm gonna go see what's taking her so long. Hey, uh, by the way, my name's Stephanie Brooks. Alex P. Keaton. Where do you go to school, anyway? I go to Harding high school. You're kidding. You don't seem like a high-school student. You seem much older. You know, you look it, too. Thanks. I've always thought immaturity was rather childish. Let's go, Alex. You got 5 bucks from Mrs. Winchell? What'd you have to do to get that? I didn't have to do anything. But this afternoon, you have to wash her car. Real cute. Well, look at you, Jennifer. You're up early. You set the table, you're making breakfast, you're putting chocolate chips in the eggs? Mom, somebody had to be the first to try them in cookies. That worked out all right, didn't it? Morning. Hi, honey. I'm making chocolate-chip eggs, Alex. Do you want some? Not if it were the last remaining food on the planet. A simple "no" would have been sufficient. Good morning, everybody. Morning. Now, there's a likely candidate. Dad, do you want some scrambled eggs? I'm making them especially for you. Terrific. I'd love some. Do I know how to pick them? Has anybody read any good books lately? I have to do a book report for English class. Oh, what kind of book do you want to read, Mallory? Well, I don't actually want to read the book. I was hoping one of you could tell me about a book you've read. Mallory, reading is one of the great joys of life. When you were young, you used to read all the time. What happened? I discovered shopping. I have this great picture of you as a young girl all curled up by the Christmas tree, reading "Lassie come home." Why don't you just do your book report on that? That's a good idea. Refresh my memory. Does Lassie come home or do they get a new dog or what? Hello? Uh, yes he is. Can I tell him who's calling? Just a minute. Alex, a Stephanie Brooks for you. Hello? Yeah, sure I remember you. There wasn't any problem with the groceries, was there? Good. Tonight? In person?! Oh, I'd love to go! All right. I'll come by your place at 7:00. Thanks again. Goodbye. Front row, center. I can't believe it. Are you going to that Barry Manilow concert tonight? Oh, better. Better. Better than Barry Manilow? Who? Milton Friedman. He's giving a lecture at the college auditorium tonight. Well, he is better than Barry Manilow. You see, a friend of Stephanie's canceled out, so she offered me the extra ticket. Who is Stephanie? We delivered groceries to her yesterday. She's very pretty. She goes to college, and she has her own apartment. You left out the color of her walls. Pink and tan. Now, Alex, don't take this the wrong way, but why would a college girl be calling you for a date? Why would any girl be calling him for a date? I mean, I'm not sure if I approve of you going out with a college girl. Oh, come on, Elyse. No, Steven, I'm... I'm serious. A girl like that is... is older. She's... She's more mature. She's... she's older. Hey, Elyse, I don't see anything wrong with it. What's a few years, anyway? Does, uh, that mean I can go out with college guys? That would be a gross misinterpretation of my remarks. Sounds like a double standard to me. Oh, Ely... You're on your own, buddy. M-Mallory... Alex is two years older than you. In two years, if you want to go out with a boy who's in college, uh, we'll let you know then if it's okay. Look, let's not make such a big deal about this. Stephanie and I are not romantically involved. We do share an interest in economics, but what we have is nothing more than a delivery boy/customer relationship. That's what I was afraid of. Your eggs are ready, dad. Mmm! Steven, don't... Heh... These aren't bad, but I think they need some more chocolate chips. I knew Friedman was brilliant, but I never dreamed he was so... Dynamic! You know, I was heartbroken when he finished and walked offstage. Well, I'm sure Milton was as surprised as anyone when you stood up and yelled, "More! More!" Uh, do you think my holding up a lit match was a bit too much? Yeah, probably, but, hey, you were excited. Well... I guess it's pretty late. What is it... 11:00, midnight? 8:30. Aha. Would you like to come in for a little while? Uh, sure. Take a step forward. Forward. Right. So, would you like some wine? Thank you. Uh, just leave it on the counter. I'll remember to take it when I leave. No, I meant to drink here. Oh! Oh, you mean here. Now. Oh, yeah. Sure, wine would be great. Alex, did you think that it was at all strange that I called you and invited you to the lecture? No, not at all. I mean, you knew I liked Milton Friedman. You had an extra ticket. It doesn't seem strange. That's not why I invited you. I didn't think so. Alex I'm not really in the habit of calling up high-school guys and asking them out on dates, but when you were here yesterday delivering my groceries, I sensed something different, something, uh, special about you. Maybe it was the way I individually wrapped your eggs. There was more to it than that. I mean, I can't even believe that I'm here with you right now. I have to keep reminding myself that you're only 17. You seem to have come by so much so early. You must sense that about yourself, don't you? Not really. I don't think of myself as... Oh, Alex, come on. Admit it. You're really special. All right. I... I don't want to get in an argument about this. I think I know what you mean. Has a lot to do with my parents, you know? They've always encouraged me to think for myself, to be aware of things. We disagree about a lot, but underneath it all, I know they think I'm okay. That's important. I think a good relationship with your parents helps you to form good relationships with others. That's true. I know this guy at school, Louie Hicks. His dad ran out on his family when he was 10, and I can tell by the way Louie acts that he deeply resents it. Either that, or he just enjoys setting things on fire. Do you have a lot of close friends at school? More than Louie. See, you know, m-my friends at school, they're just kids. I'd feel real funny having a conversation like this with any of them. All they want to talk about are girls and... and baseball. You know, I know exactly what you mean. I couldn't have a conversation like this with most of the people I go to college with. People who are intelligent and sensitive are a very rare breed. I think that's why, despite our age difference, I find myself very attracted to you. How 'bout those Cleveland Indians? How 'bout those Cleveland Indians? Alex? Yes? Do you want to spend the night here? No, that's okay. I-i live real close. 10 minutes' drive. That's not what I meant. I know. It's just that... You remember yesterday w-when I told you I had never delivered groceries to anybody before? Yeah. That's not the only thing I've never done before. Hmm. Well, you did pretty well with the groceries. Alex: * birds do it ♪ bees do it ♪ even educated fleas do it ♪ let's do it ♪ let's fall in love morning, all. Hi. You entering a David Niven look-alike contest? Honestly, dad, you slay me. You done with the real-estate section? Uh... Alex, what time did you get in last night? Oh, I don't know, mother. What is time, really? Okay, Alex. What the hell is going on here? How do you mean that, dad? You seem to have aged 10 years since yesterday, which would put you at about 56. Are you in a school play you didn't tell us about, or is this costume related to your date last night? Mom... What happened to me last night was more than just a date. It was, perhaps, the most pivotal event of my life thus far. Should I take that to mean "yes"? You should indeed. Oh, well, whether it was a date or a pivotal event, I still think you should have called home when you knew you'd be so late. What would you have me do? Just after I said, "Stephanie, would you like some more cabernet?" Should I have said, "excuse me, I have to call my mommy"? I don't care what you said, as long as you called your mommy... I mean, your mother. Alex, uh, you sound pretty serious about Stephanie. Let me put it this way, dad... Remember when I said I wouldn't be getting married till I was 32? Yes. Yes I remember... July 17, 1998. You made us put it on our calendar. Well, it may be sooner. Wait a minute. You met this girl two days ago, and already you're talking about marriage? They weren't just two ordinary days. I mean, in some magical way, time moved quickly and yet stood still. Oh, brother. A-Alex, we don't want to interfere. Okay, maybe we do. We just don't want things to happen faster than you can handle them. You're still young. You've got a lot to learn. You have to learn how to dress, for one thing. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go get changed. I'm going rowing in the park. With Stephanie? No, I'm going alone to practice first. I want everything to be just perfect when I take her. ♪ birds do it... Stephanie: Who is it? It's Alex. Alex. What are you doing here? I just thought I'd come by and surprise you. Uh, you should have called me first. Wouldn't have been as much of a surprise. Hey, we got a fresh batch of melons in at the market. I brought you a couple. Oh, here's a tip... Keep them at room temperature for 36 hours before serving. I thought maybe we could go out, maybe go see a movie, go rowing in the park. I've been practicing. Who's he? Alex, this is Pete Drucker. Pete, Alex Keaton. Hi. How are you? Who is this guy? Uh, Pete, do you mind if I talk to Alex for just a minute? No, not at all. I meant alone. Oh. I'll wait in the other room. Thanks. Stephanie, what's going on? Uh, Pete goes to college with me. He's a friend. What kind of a friend? A very good friend. Look, Alex, I'm not gonna lie to you. Pete and I have dated. Oh. Are you on an official date right now? Well, we haven't registered or anything, but, yeah, I guess it's a date. Stephanie, I don't, uh... This just doesn't make sense to me. How can you be on a date with another guy after what happened between us last night... I mean, after everything we said, after everything... We did? Alex, Pete being here right now has nothing to do with what happened last night. How can you say that? Then w-what... What was I to you? Just another body? Just a delivery boy, good for some groceries and a few laughs? I forgot to get myself something to drink. Um... I'm not that thirsty. He's eating the food I delivered. Let him go out and eat! Alex, look, I could ask Pete to leave, but that's not gonna solve anything. I say we give it a try. Look, Alex, I think I'd better explain something to you. Look, okay. You don't have to draw me a picture. I think I know what's going on here. There's one guy too many! I was here first. Look, Alex, I'm really sorry. If I hurt you in any way... Look, last night was wonderful and special to me. You've got to believe that. I want to believe that. I would believe that if it weren't for the small problem of that guy in the other room! I feel so cheap. Okay. Everybody set? Yeah. Just about. Do you think Alex will be mad that we went to the movies without him? Honey, since Stephanie came into his life, I don't think he'd notice if we moved out of town. Why don't we try it and see if he does? Come on. Let's go. Sweetheart, come on. Elyse: Alex. Oh. How was your date with Stephanie? Fine. Really? Yeah, dad. It was fine. It was a great date. I had a wonderful time. O-okay, Alex. Sorry to bug you. It's just that, um... You've only been gone 11 minutes. So, a date can be fine without being long. Where are you all going? We're going to the movies. What are you seeing? "Endless love." Uh... I don't really want to see the movie. Elyse, why don't you go? Go on ahead with the girls. Yeah. Come on, girls. Let's go. Are you kidding?! This could be better than the movie. Come on, Jennifer. You want to talk about it? I went over to surprise her. I figured it would be sort of a romantic thing to do, you know? I even brought two gift-wrapped melons with me. Melons? Well, no one can accuse you of being clichéd. She was with another guy, dad. Oh, boy. How could she do that to me after everything that happened between us last night? I-I'm not sure I know what happened. Well, you know what you think might have happened? That's what happened. It was your first time, wasn't it? Sort of. "Sort of"? You know that girl I have been dating, Monica Dillon? Yes. She likes me. But she's not ready... She's not ready yet. But when she is ready, she wants me to be the guy, so I've been sort of counting that as one. Interesting way of looking at it. Alex... Your first time. How about those Cleveland Indians? Look, look... You've caught me a-a little bit off my guard here. Actually, I've been practicing for this moment for a long time now. So have I. I-I didn't expect you to be giving me this news in the kitchen, though. Where'd you expect to hear it? For some reason, I pictured us in a ski lodge. Big stone fireplace, snow falling outside, boots warming by the fire. Well, I'm glad you told me. Did you tell your dad about the first time? N-not yet. I'm so confused, dad. There was real communication between Stephanie and me. At least I thought there was. How could she have misled me like this? Alex, you and Stephanie may have had a beautiful night together, but... but it... But it was just one night. Love and commitment don't materialize because two people spend a night together. They did for me. I don't know, dad. I don't think I want anything more to do with girls. Might as well join a monastery. You have to be catholic to do that. Boy, this really isn't my day. Alex... Alex, you acted on your feelings tonight and got hurt because of it. But only by opening yourself up like this can you ever hope to... To experience the exhilaration, the joy of loving another person. Now, uh, maybe next time, you won't get hurt. Maybe you will. I don't know. But, uh, I think it's worth taking that risk. I didn't realize you knew so much about this relationship stuff. I read a lot. Alex, I know what it's like to feel something and want something only to have reality splash cold water in your face. When your mother and I were in high school, I was crushed because she went to the junior prom with Roger Silverman instead of me. Why'd she do that? Because he asked her and I didn't. I was shy, but... But I didn't give up on girls. I hung in there with your mother and, uh... Well, I think you know how it turned out. I could look at this as a learning experience, couldn't I? Of course. Maybe I will give Stephanie a call tomorrow. I mean, when you look back on mom and Roger Silverman, you probably laugh, right? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 