Family Ties: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Family Ties 
 s1e12 - Oops - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Family Ties (1982–1989): Season 1, Episode 12 - Oops - full transcript 
 One of Mallory's friends is unmarried and pregnant. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ I bet we've been together for a million years ♪ ♪ and I'll bet we'll be together for a million more ♪ ♪ oh, it's like I started breathing ♪ ♪ on the night we kissed ♪ and I can't remember what I ever did before ♪ ♪ what would we do, baby ♪ without us? ♪ what would we do, baby ♪ without us? ♪ and there ain't no nothin' ♪ ♪ we can't love each other through ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ ooh-hoo ♪ what would we do, baby ♪ without us? ♪ sha-la-la-la I'm gonna need the car tomorrow night. I got a meeting of youth for a sane economy. Still working on that "miss a payment, go to prison" legislation? Debt happens to be a serious problem in this country, dad. It's a serious problem in this home, by the looks of this bank statement. Elyse, I'm not sure about something here. What's that? Unless I'm mistaken, you gave $50 to the mafia last month. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What? Oh! Oh, no, that's Mothers Against Fluorocarbons in the Atmosphere. - I think. - You think? I'm sure, but just to be safe, if a guy named Fast Eddy calls, hang up. You know, I don't want to tell you guys how to spend your money, but I feel this whole fluorocarbon issue has been exaggerated. Exaggerated? Fluorocarbons are ruining our atmosphere. - Yeah. - Okay, okay. I admit air is kind of important. But we're talking about the convenience of the American consumer here. What would life be like without hairspray, without deodorant, without bug repellant? Maybe he has a point. If we didn't have spray paint, everyone would be forced to do graffiti by hand. - I'll get it. - Get what? Wasn't that the doorbell? I didn't hear anything. Oh, well, I'm expecting Cindy to come over, and I have to know the minute she gets here because we're going to study and we don't want to be disturbed. We'll try and resist. Jennifer, don't read while you're walking. Well, it's nice to see someone reading a good, old-fashioned book around here. What have you got there... "Charlotte's Web," "Winnie-the-Pooh," "Treasure Island"? "Our Bodies, Ourselves." What's a book like that doing in this house? There's nothing wrong with this, Alex. It's just a health and sex manual for women. It just doesn't seem right... A bunch of women writing about stuff that should only be discussed in a men's locker room. Lighten up, Alex. Mom, did I really look like that when I was born... Red, wrinkled, and bald? Kind of. Boy, I really improved with age. If I keep it up, I might be gorgeous. What are you doing with that book? I don't see a book. You came in my room when I wasn't there, didn't you? You started snooping around. You took it off my desk. I didn't take that off your desk. I got it from your top drawer, under your diary. Jennifer, you know better than to go in your sister's desk. I know. I'm sorry. But I needed the book. I had a question about jogging bras. "Our Bodies, Ourselves." Why are you reading that, Mal? Oh, that? Uh, Cindy and I are studying it tonight for Health class. But pregnancy and childbirth? Just last week, you were studying dental care. It's an honors class. We move fast. - Mallory. - Hi, Cindy. Hi. We have to talk. Maybe Cindy has dental problems. So, what are the test results? I'm pregnant. Oh, wow. Pregnant. I can't believe it. It just doesn't seem possible. The woman at the clinic said she wished she had a nickel every time she heard that. I don't know what to do, Mal. I'm scared. Well, what did the doctor say? "You have blue cross?" I'm not sure I'm ready to be a mother. I mean, you have to change diapers. You have to pretend to be the Tooth Fairy and Santa Claus. You have to teach them how to drive. You have to plan their weddings. Uh, Cindy, I think you're getting a little ahead of yourself. Can you imagine Fred Burrows as somebody's father? I mean, this is the same guy who took the "Wet Paint" signs off the bleachers and hid the hamster in Mrs. Keefer's desk. Maybe he's matured since then. I don't think so. The hamster thing was last week. I know how hard homework can be. Thought we could use a snack. No, thanks. So, what are we having? Girl talk? More like woman talk. I'm ready. No, you're not. - Jen, this is really... - Never mind. Don't say it. I know when I'm not wanted. Guess you guys won't be needing these, then. They're not for women. They're for girls. So, what are you gonna tell your mother? Nothing. I've just decided I'm gonna keep a low profile for the next nine months. Good luck. Come on, I can't talk to her. You know how my mother is. Oh, I wish she were more like your mom. Well, do you want to talk to my mom about it? Maybe. Do you think she'd help? - Can't hurt to try. - Okay. - Okay? - Okay. Uh, mom, could you come up here for a sec, please?! Could you help Cindy and me... Move some furniture?! You want me to help?! No. This is... Pretty heavy stuff. I just can't go home. If my mom finds out about this, she's gonna kill me. Don't worry. You can stay here if you have to. What's going on? Oh, mom, Cindy needs to talk to you. What is it, Cindy? Well, I-i don't know how to say this. - She's pregnant. - That says it. Preg... oh, Cindy. I'm so sorry. Are you sure? I'm positive, and so was the test. Mrs. Keaton, this is the worst thing that's ever happened to me. Oh, honey, you must be so terrified. Can I help? I don't know. I'm so confused. I don't know whether to have an abortion or put the baby up for adoption or keep it. Maybe I should just dye my hair, change my name, move to Kansas, and bring it up as my kid sister. What do your parents say? Well, there's really just my mom, and I haven't told her yet. I just can't face her right now. Well, you're welcome to stay here tonight. I don't know if I could face her tomorrow. You can stay here as long as you want. My mom and I would love to help you, right, mom? Well, we would love to help you, honey, but I don't think staying here will solve your problem. I think you should talk to your mother. Are you kidding? You don't know my mother. I mean, she doesn't even let me read Cosmopolitan. Yeah, she can't talk to her. You know what mothers are like. Yeah, I've heard. Honey, look, this problem is too big for you to tackle by yourself. I really think you should go home. I'd still rather stay here... For eight or nine years. Mom, she can't go home. Look, I know it's not gonna be easy, but she's got to do it. Honey, if it were you, I'd want to know about it. But, mom... Okay, okay, I'll... I'll try it your way, but... But, I mean, my mom's unreasonable. I mean, she got upset when she found out the prom was co-ed. I thought I heard someone down here. What are you doing up, Mallory? Oh, I can't sleep. I'm too worried about Cindy. I just came down for a little snack. A little snack? A Turkey sandwich, ice cream, chocolate cake. Some countries don't eat that much. Okay, I overdid it. But I'm worried about Cindy. And when I'm worried, I eat. Well, of course you're worried about her. Cindy and her mom are going through a tough time. - But they'll work it out. - I don't know. Why don't you go upstairs and get some sleep? I'm sure you'll hear all about it from Cindy in the morning. Okay. - Good night, honey. - Good night. It's for energy. It's a long walk upstairs. I can't believe this thing with Cindy. I mean, I still think of her as a little girl who used to play with Mallory. She's not a little girl anymore. I know. And neither is Mallory. She's the same age as Cindy. Yeah? Well, they're in the same class. They're in the same crowd. I'm worried about her. Look, Cindy and Mallory are two different people. Okay. Maybe I'm overreacting, but I don't think Mallory should be allowed out of the house until she's 35. Steven. Okay. 30. Kids are growing up too fast. Half the teenagers in America are sexually active today. I mean, what's going on with these kids today? Wait a minute. Do I sound like Alex? Yes, Steven. Look, in the '60s, when all these changes were coming about, the new honesty between men and women, a healthy, open attitude toward sex... I thought they were positive. I still believe that. But now that I have a 15-year-old daughter, some of those beliefs are... - Out the window? - On the ledge. But you wouldn't want things to go back to the way they were when we were kids, would you? It was terrible... Boys trying to get reputations, girls trying not to get reputations. Just who were the boys getting reputations with? At my school, it was Betsy hogan. I heard of her. Okay, you're right. Things weren't fair back then, but at least there were guidelines. Oh, we were ignorant and scared. Don't you think it's a good thing that kids know more about sex today? Well, sure. I want Mallory to know more. I just don't want her to do more. Look, we have a great relationship with Mallory. All we have to do is keep the lines of communication open. - I still can't sleep. - Oh. You've been gone a minute. Did you try? I didn't actually get into bed. Well, sometimes that can help. I'm just too worried about Cindy. You sure you're not just hungry? Positive. You know, I think I'll call her. Mallory, it's pretty late to call. Actually, I'm pretty sure they're not getting much sleep over at their house, either. Why don't you go ahead, Mal? Hello, Mrs. Sullivan? Hi, this is Mallory. Hey, I'm sorry to call you so late, but could I please talk to Cindy? What? No, I don't. Yes, of course I will. Goodbye. What's wrong? Everything. Cindy and her mom got in a fight, and she ran out of the house. She's been gone for hours, and her mom doesn't know where she is. - That's terrible. - For Pete's sake. Of course it's terrible, and it's your fault. - My fault? - Wait a minute. - Don't blame your mother. - Why not? She's the one that suggested Cindy go talk to her mom. We told you her mother wouldn't understand. And if you hadn't butted in like that, we might know where Cindy is right now. Look, I didn't butt in. Cindy asked me to help. And I only did what I knew to be right. Oh, you did, huh? Did you listen when we said she couldn't talk to her mother? No. Did you let her stay here? No. Well, I'll tell you one thing... When I grow up and have kids, I'm not gonna act like a mother. She's got blond hair. She's about 5'3". Yeah, that could be her. No, no, I don't think she'd be wearing a mask and flippers. No, no, thanks anyway. Goodbye. Well, she's not at the library. Let's see, we've tried the YWCA. We've tried the airport. We've tried the bus depot. I guess there's nothing left but the old run-down bars and nightclubs. Well, that's where girls like Cindy wind up, don't they? Smiling their painted smiles, swaying to the sound of a honky-tonk piano while some Joe pours out his life story over a cup of cheap whiskey. That's it. No more late movies for you. Now, just a minute, Alex. What do you mean, "girls like Cindy"? She happens to be a very nice girl. She comes over here for a little advice and support, and now she's missing, through no fault of her own. Look, Mallory, I know you blame me for this, but can't you see that she had to tell her mother? Well, fine. Couldn't she have told her gradually? Gradually? Yeah, like started out with something like, "mom, I met a boy." Daddy, can I go to the movies with Chrissy? They're showing an old movie at the village. I think it's called "Bye Bye Birdie." But you went to the movies the other night. Please, daddy, I love little birdies. I don't think you should go. I just don't think that a girl should try and hide her pregnancy from her mother. Wait. Wait a minute. Can we not discuss this in the kitchen? I mean, sex is not something you should talk about in front of... A wholesome breakfast. Alex, I find your attitude a little disturbing. I mean, your father and I don't want you or your sisters to feel that you can't talk honestly and openly about sex with us. Oh, boy. So, Jennifer, you don't want to miss that movie. Uh, you need some popcorn money? I'd rather stay here and talk openly and honestly about sex. Popcorn, bonbons, chocolate bars? Throw in the jujubes and I'm out the door. You got it. I just don't know what you're making such a big deal about. Sex is a biological process brought on by emotional urges. Sex is nothing to get excited about. Uh, I mean, sex is nothing special. Yeah, Alex, if it's nothing special, why do you keep hiding Playboy behind your copies of Businessweek? I don't... I don't hide them. I keep them alphabetically, and Businessweek comes before Playboy. I can't just sit around here and worry about Cindy anymore. Let's go look for her. You know, maybe she's at the park. Maybe she's at the playground. Let's get our coats and go. Alex, stay here in case she calls. You got it. Hello, sergeant Samuels? Yeah, this is Alex P. Keaton. You probably remember me. I was junior mayor for a week. I don't know. I thought meter maids on horseback was a good idea. Well, get taller meters. Anyway, I'm looking for a 15-year-old girl. That's very funny. She's pregnant. Marry her? I hardly even know her. Never mind. I think I know where to find her. - Hi, Cindy. - Hi. Excuse me for a minute. Hey, she's here! So, uh... W-what's new? Should I boil some water? Cindy, are you okay?! Yeah, I'm okay. Still pregnant, but other than that, I'm fine. We have called all over town looking for you. Well, where have you been, anyway? I walked around the mall. I sat through Annie two and a half times. Then I ended up in the pinball arcade. Your mother's very worried, Cindy. I think you should call her. Why should I call her? She'll just yell. You don't know that. Look, you can't blame her for being angry and upset when you told her, but she's had time to think about it. Yeah, time to get even madder. And time to calm down, too. Look, I think the two of you need another chance, don't you? I'm not sure. But I know I can't face her alone. Well, if it'll help, I mean, if it'll make it any easier, maybe you can ask her to come over here. Will you and Mallory be here with me? Sure. Dad and I will be here, too. Of course, we're flexible on this point. Cindy, does your mom drink coffee? Yeah, I guess. Well, maybe that'll make her too nervous. Does she drink tea? I think she likes herb tea. Do you guys have any? Are you kidding? What's her favorite herb? Better wait and ask her when she gets here. - Honey, just sit down and relax. - I can't! I just know the minute that she walks in here, she's gonna go, "Cindy, how could you do this to me?" Give her a chance, okay? Don't answer that! Okay, go ahead. Hi. I'm Elyse Keaton. Lynn Sullivan. Please come in. I'm sorry we couldn't meet under better circumstances. Hello, Mallory. Cindy, I'm so glad you're all right. How could you do this to me? Cindy, we're going home. No, mom... You said on the phone that you were gonna come over here and we were gonna talk. All right. We'll talk. Please. Sit down, sit down. Make yourself comfortable. Um, so, Mrs. Sullivan, what's your favorite herb? Would you like some herbal tea? No, thank you. We won't be staying long. I've already said all that I have to say to my daughter. She's already said she was pregnant, and now it's my problem, right? Well, actually, I think it's both of yours. How long has she been going out with this boy, anyway? I-I don't know. Mom, why don't you ask me how long I've been going out with him? Apparently, one night too long. Do you see what I mean, Mrs. Keaton? We're not getting anywhere here. She's not listening to me. Can you talk to your daughter? Well, we try. We have our occasional differences. But we talk, you know. We try to get things out in the open. Well, Cindy's problem is out in the open, that's for sure, but that doesn't solve anything. It doesn't change the fact that she's pregnant, that she's made a mess out of her life. Oh, thanks a lot, mom. So, what you're saying is because I've made this mistake, I've ruined everything? I have no hope, no future? My life is over? ♪ gray skies are gonna clear up ♪ ♪ put on a happy face is that the best you guys can do? Look, Jen, I don't think this is the time for show tunes. Let me go out on a limb. You don't want me here, right? Well... Well, I'm going to my room. I'll be down when I'm 18. Okay. Let's go back. Where were we? Um, my mother just said I had no future and my life was over. Well, maybe we can go back to before you were yelling at each other. We'd have to go back to when I was in 3rd grade. Oh, I wish we could. At least then, things were under control. I knew what you were doing, where you were, and who you were with. Well, I'm not a little girl anymore, mom. I have to have my own life. I can't deal with you hanging over my shoulder every second, trying to control everything that I do. Well, look what happens when I don't. Okay. Well, maybe I made a mistake. But maybe if you had just a little more faith in me and stopped treating me like such a little girl, I wouldn't have been in such a big hurry to grow up. Cindy, I... I just wanted to make things better for you. What are you talking about, mom? Well, when I was a kid, I made all the wrong decisions. Really? Yeah, I don't think I spent more than two nights in a row at home. I wouldn't talk to my parents. I thought I knew everything. I got into a lot of trouble. My life was a mess. That's what I was trying to protect you from. I just didn't want you to go through what I went through. Well, I'm going through it now, mom. And I need you. I need you to listen to me, and I need you to help me. I'll try. Oh. Come on, Cindy. Let's go home. We've got a lot of talking to do and decisions to make. Thank you for everything. Bye, Cindy. What do you think Cindy's gonna do? I don't know. At least she won't be spending any more nights playing pinball. No. Mom? Yeah? I'm really sorry about the way I blew up at you last night. That's okay. You were upset. You had to let it out at someone, and I think I was just in the direct line of fire. That's what moms are for, right? Only sometimes. You know, this whole thing with Cindy has been so... So painful and difficult. I so much don't want what happened to Cindy and her mother to happen to us. So I want you to know that you can always come to me and that I'll try to be flexible and understand your point of view. Can I have my own apartment? Not on your life. And then what happens? Well, you get taller and your hips get bigger, and you suddenly become much more interested in boys. Anything else? Well, you can wear a halter top and have it mean something. So, that's all there is to puberty, huh? Well, I condensed the chapter a bit for you, but that's basically the way it goes. Don't you two have anything better to do than read that stuff? You know, Alex, I think you could learn a lot from this book. Ha. Mallory, could you show me some of your halter tops? I don't want to be caught unprepared. So, that's how that works. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 