Axe Cop: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Axe Cop 
 s1e2 - Zombie Island... In Space - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Axe Cop (2012–2015): Season 1, Episode 2 - Zombie Island... In Space - full transcript 
 Badass crime fighter AXE COP and partner FLUTE COP are asked to find a kidnapped British scientist by his daughter and must travel to the Zombie Island planet to help save the Queen of England. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - There he is! - What are you doing? - Where are you taking me? Adolf Hitler! I had a feeling you were behind all this. Of course you did, Chemist M. You are the smartest man in the world. Yes, I am. But whatever you want from me, forget it. - I'll never help you! - Don't help me. Help her! - Daddy! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Isabella! No! Now, Chemist M, You are going to build me an evil army... An evil unstoppable army... An evil unstoppable army... of zombies! On zombie island In space! One day,  at the scene of the fire The cop found the perfect axe. That was the day he became Axe Cop! So he had tryouts and hired a partner. I will chop your heads off! I understand  we returned it late, but can you just waive the late fee this time? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - I'm not saying it's your fault, ma'am. - I am not raising my voice. I'm trying to talk over you - Because you won't stop talking! Axe Cop,  can you get that? I'm on the phone with the dinosaur-horn store. Axe Cop,  what are you doing? I'm imagining myself  with different hair and mustache styles. - I'll have to call you back. Oh, hi. Uh, can I help you? Are you the one they call Axe Cop? No, I am.  What's wrong with your voice? Nothing. Everyone from London, England, has to talk like this. My name is Isabella M. My father was... Chemist M,  the smartest man in the world. He was kidnapped by Nazis and no one, not even me,  knows where they took him. - It's a mystery. - Was a mystery. I recently uncovered these lost Nazi files. They contain my father's exact location. Your father is on zombie island in space? And even if there is... only the slightest chance he's still alive, I have to know for sure. Axe Cop, will you help me? Only if you tell me... how you think I'd look  with a mohawk and a handlebar mustache? Hmmm. Honestly, I think you'd look better with crazy pizza hair and a super curly beard and mustache - with a robot ghost inside. - That is correct. Wexter! - Let's go. How much longer? 10 minutes. 15 at the most. Wrong.  We're here. - What was that? - Oh, thank you. - I'm married. - What the heck? A jet-pack-wearing zombie!? I'll chop your head off! I love killing zombies. Something's weird. Zombies always fight me till I chop off their heads. - Come back here, zombies! We're not safe here. Let's hide in that dark cave. Oh my goodness, it's father's laboratory! This is father's laboratory! It's just like the laboratory he had back at home. Look at this! Now I'm no videologist, but maybe this VHS tape can tell us - what happened to your father. - Oh, ripping! Daddy! That's my daddy on the telly... Which is what we call  a television in London, England. It's day 28. Even though Adolf Hitler  sent me here from London, England, To create an evil zombie army, I have been working on a cure. A secret potion that will turn zombies good. My secret potion is almost complete. - All it needs is a bit of cinnamon. - Oh, bloody heck! No no no no! - No-ooo! - Oh no! My brilliant brain! No... Oh daddy. Zombies are too stupid  to build a giant 300-foot zombie robot on their own. A bad guy must be controlling them... A really smart bad guy. Attention, zombies. Thanks to you, my zombie robot  is finally ready for launch! Axe Cop, come in. - What? - We have good news and bad news! The good news: Chemist M was working on a potion - to turn zombies into good guys. - The bad news - Let me guess - No, let me just tel... - The bad news is his brain Was eaten by a zombie before he finished it. Well yeah. How did you know? Because the zombie who ate the world's smartest brain Took the world's smartest poop. That's impossible. Zombies don't poop. Tell that  to Mr. Doo Doo. That's Dr. Doo Doo to you, Axe Cop. I've come too far to have you stop me From completing my plan, which is to go to London, England, Marry the queen and use her scepter To take over the world. Zombies, get him! Cheerio! We need to go,  now. Dr. Doo doo is flying to London, England. London, England? But why? Because that's where poop gets its power. - Let's go! - No. I'm staying. Your father's brain was eaten. He's a zombie now. - There's nothing more you can do.  - Yes, there is. I can finish my father's work. I can create a potion that will turn zombies good, Then I can find my zombie father, Let him eat my brains so I can turn into a zombie too, And then I will pour the potion onto both of us And turn us both into good zombies. - That's a gross plan. - Isabella, are you sure? I've been without my father my whole life And this is the only way I can be reunited with him. Now go to London, England, where I am from and save the world! Seriously, I'm married. How dare you, zombie robot?! I am The Queen of London, England! And I am Dr. Doo Doo, Your new husband. - Do you, The Queen of London, England, Take this man to be your husband? - I do. Do you, Dr. Doo Doo,  take this woman to be your wife? Yes, yes, come on. Hurry this along! I now pronounce you King and Queen of London, England. Queen, you may give him your scepter. And now to complete my plan. Husband, what are you doing? I am making everyone in the world poop their pants! - That's ridicul... - Shhh. Poo-oop! Oh no, everyone in the world  has pooped themselves to death. This is only the beginning. Oh no. No! He's making Doo-Doo soldiers! What are we going to do now!? Wait!  That's Isabella and her father! They're good zombies. I can tell by their smiles. - They're coming to help us! - Her gross plan worked. We need to go kill Dr. Doo Doo. To the queen's palace! I've been waiting for this moment my entire life. Today, I, Dr. Doo Doo, Will make the great Axe Cop Poop himself to death! - What the bloody heck? I don't understand?! Why aren't you pooping?! My body is 100% efficient - And uses everything I eat. - What?! I don't poop. Wexter! Fire attack! You let your own dinosaur... light you on fire. I am not concerned with fire. It just turns me into  Axe Cop Fire! - Help! - No-ooo! I hope you like being dead, Dr. Doo Doo. Flute Cop, we're switching boots. - Axe Cop has saved London, England, where we all live. - To show my royal appreciation, I grant Axe Cop One new wish. I wish for all poop to go into space And for no one to poop ever again. Well, maybe that's... unnecessary. I enjoy a good poop. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 