First Team: Juventus: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 First Team: Juventus 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 First Team: Juventus (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [players chat, kick ball] A NETFLIX ORIGINAL DOCUMENTARY SERIES -[whistle blows] -Let's go! VINOVO, TURIN [man] We have to work to improve our physical condition, but above all it's about willpower in our head. Yes, we have to have fun, but we have to push. Push in our heads. It will be a 95 minute game in which every possession, every inch, will be crucial to take home a positive outcome. This is the task of this game, we have to be prepared to do this. We must, all right? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Let's go! [coach] Winning is a difficult thing. Only one team wins. Winning is an extraordinary thing and not ordinary. MASSIMILIANO ALLEGRI HEAD COACH but also great ambition, because only with ambition can you reach your goals. So we still have a season to finish. At the moment we've won nothing. -[player 1] Push hard! -[player 2] Let's do it right! [narrator] There are 14 weeks left in the season for Juventus. For Coach Allegri's team, the stakes have intensified to a new peak. There's no more room for mistakes or imperfections, certainly not with the team's lofty, nearly impossible trio of goals. To win another Coppa Italia title, another Scudetto, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and the most elusive prize of all, a Champions League trophy. [Allegri] Out! Go get it! This proves that we are too arrogant. We think we're too good. And we don't want to improve! These things drive me nuts! [player] What the coach tells us and we repeat to ourselves every year GIORGIO CHIELLINI DEFENDER because that's when the actual season begins. [narrator] The Champions League has now entered its knockout phase. Only the most elite clubs in Europe will remain. Back in Italy, tensions are high with Juventus finding itself struggling in the standings. [commentator] Lazio, the first team to win against Juventus this season. [narrator] The season has been far from perfect, but a dream finish is still in sight: Lifting all three trophies in succession and showing the world just how much this club can overcome. [theme music plays] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn [crowd singing in Italian] [narrator] Mid-February in Turin, Italy, and the streets are all but abandoned. It's the first leg of soccer's Champions League round of sixteen and the chants from inside Allianz Stadium echo throughout the city. Tonight Juve will host Tottenham Hotspur, a club in top form, having defeated the group that included defending champions Real Madrid, with Harry Kane, who scored more goals than anyone in Europe. [reporter] Ciao, Giorgio. Very simply, what do you think of Kane? [Chiellini] He's an extraordinary striker. He is among the best in the world. Tottenham is so lucky to have him because he's a treasure! [narrator] At this point in the season there is no margin for error. And if the task ahead of Juventus wasn't daunting enough, two of their star forwards, Juan Cuadrado and Paulo Dybala, are still sidelined with injuries. [man 1] It's gonna be hard, I imagine they're thinking the same. GONZALO HIGUAIN STRIKER [man 2] I have a lot of respect for a team like Tottenham. MIRALEM PJANIC MIDFIELDER [commentator] Tottenham arrives in Turin in top form. Seven points against Manchester, Liverpool and Arsenal. Their confidence is high, it's our job to bring them back to reality. [narrator] The early story of the game is a massive and welcomed surprise, with the dominating force not the star striker from London, but Gonzalo Higuain. The striker scores his club's first two goals. And Juventus looks poised for a huge night. Until, perhaps inevitably, Harry Kane strikes. [commentator] Kane dribbles past Buffon, and Gigi can do nothing to stop him. Now it's 2-1. Tottenham has reopened the game. Come on, guys, we have to win! Douglas Costa dribbles past two then he goes by himself. Douglas Costa quickly enters the penalty area! Penalty! This is a penalty kick. Higuain kicked and scored the first one. Let's see the second. Our supporters are ready to cheer. -Crossbar, Higuain! -[whistle blows] [crowd yells] [whistle blows] [commentator] Halftime. Juventus 2, Tottenham 1. [narrator] So Higuain misses a terrific chance for a three-goal half. And when action resumes, the spark Tottenham gained in the waining minutes carries over. as Spurs put Juventus on their knees and don't let up. A free kick gives them the chance to potentially even the match. [commentator] Let's pray for Buffon's big save. The referee whistles. Eriksen... Goal. Minute 71, Tottenham has tied 2-2. Now Allegri is heating up. Until the end it's not over. Come on, guys! There's still time to score another goal, which could be crucial in the second leg. [narrator] Juventus tries desperately to get the go ahead goal. But though the shots are there, the team's depleted frontline can't find the back of the net. Time goes by, and as the referee whistles three times, Juve will have to settle for a draw that feels more like a loss. [reporter] Faced with this unexpected outcome when Juventus seemed sure that victory was a foregone conclusion, but... it looked like for a moment there had been a blackout. Since the ups and downs here are extreme, here, if we draw in Champions against Tottenham it's like losing 8-0. No. To win the Champions League is not easy. I think you've lost your grip on reality. This group has won six Scudettos and three Italia Cups in a row. It has played two Champions League finals and we can't play a Champions final every year. We do our best. Juventus' number one goal is the seventh Scudetto. And we're a little closer to clinching our Italian Cup's fourth final. Then we will try to move forward in Champions and perhaps to win it. No more, no less. -[reporter] Thank you. -Have a good night. [Allegri] Paulo, switch positions! VINOVO, TURIN Paulo, move forward and the others will follow! Don't stand still. [narrator] If Juve's draw to Tottenham was't inconceivable, it was mystifying. Massimiliano Allegri is left to search for answers on the field. [Allegri] This one. Come on, reach! This one, now! Catch it. Soccer is strange. Come on. Pass the ball and run. We were winning 2-0 but ended up tying a game that we absolutely deserved to win, based on the chances we had. It's not easy, we need to raise the bar and we have to ask from ourselves a lot more. [narrator] Juve's problems are two fold. The normally strong defensive line has been struggling, as of late, while the potent front line is riddled with injuries. Dybala is just now returning to fitness, but Cuadrado remains out. And worse yet, Higuain is newly injured as well, putting him in doubt for the week that will define their season. A Coppa Italia semi-final, a pivotal Serie A match and the second leg against Tottenham. It's no doubt a moment of truth for Juve and the team can't afford to stumble. [player] Don't stand still. Move! Like that! [Allegri] Stay focused! The transition is like going to score on the other side or going to protect the ball. The ones who start have to reach the end over there! Otherwise we are crushed here. Then where do we put the ones who come after? In the middle? When you coach a great team like Juventus there is always a great responsibility, because you must bring results. After a negative result, and as in all things, you don't have to talk about the problem, but you have to find the solution. We have to train well. Technique and physicality. Come on. [Chiellini] Here at Juventus the well-known quote that best characterises us is, "Winning isn't just important, it's the only thing that matters." [Pjanic] The more the months pass, the more important the game, because in Champions League and Coppa Italia it's "either in or out". If we lose, we would ruin everything we've done so far. [Allegri] Let's move! Don't be static! Well done! Good job, Paulo, pass and then move. Don't stand still, keep moving. [man] Come on, Juan, the last one. Good. We're done. [narrator]  With the stakes still rising, Juve would love to get any of their injured stars back for the next few games. Juan Cuadrado is one of those desperate to return. And he's familiar with long and unlikely journeys. None more so than the one that began years ago and lead him to Turin. [speaking in Spanish] Since I was a child, I had this great objective. JUAN CUADRADO STRIKER I lost my father when I was four years old. It was my mom who made sacrifices and used to go to work to give her son the best she could and to help me achieve this dream I had. [narrator] Tonight Cuadrado takes some time off from rehab to attend a fundraising event for the foundation he started in 2013. The foundation's goal is to support underprivileged children in Colombia facing hardships similar to the ones he had to overcome, to help them build a better future for themselves and their families. [emcee] We have the pleasure of having with us tonight Juan Cuadrado. Hi, Juan. Welcome! [audience applauds] [speaking in Italian] Almost all of you know Cuadrado the soccer player, but only a few of you know Juan, [voice wavering] a kid born... a kid born... A kid born in Necocli... who grew up on a packed dirt field, where... I used to spend my days imitating... Imitating my role model: Ronaldo. And hoping to be able to change my family's life. But soccer gave me that hope. That's what I want to pass on to the kids of my foundation and to many other kids. So that they may believe in themselves and that they may dream. Thank you. JUVENTUS - ATALANTA ALLIANZ STADIUM [narrator] Juventus' Coppa Italia semi-final will come against Atalanta, with the memory of the Tottenham draw two weeks ago still fresh in the club's collective mind. A repeat performance tonight, and they might find themselves out of the competition. All the more alarming is Cuadrado's, Dybala's and Higuain's absence. The team will have to fight without them. [commentator] Our line-up is not the usual one. Higuain hasn't been called up and Dybala is on the bench. Stop from the Slovenian. Is it in? Dangerous chance for them, and Buffon finds himself with the ball from Gomez in his hands. Good pass to Mario. Mario against Masiello. Mario gets in the box... Great chance for Mario! Great save by Berisha, who was in the ball's path. Douglas Costa is on side, the ball on his left foot. He crosses! [whistle blows] We're attacking with Pjanic! Pjanic falls down inside the box. JUVENTUS: 0 - ATALANTA: 0 END OF FIRST HALF Very balanced match, the next 45 minutes will be very passionate. [narrator] With chances coming few and far between, and the result hanging in the balance, the first goal will prove decisive. Will Juventus score or will the defense reveal more signs of vulnerability? [commentator] Juve reconquers the ball but Benatia loses it again. Danger! Buffon is outside the box, Gomez shoots! Post. We have to hold tight, "until the end," like the fans' chorus. Douglas with his left foot! Crossbar. [commentator 2] Great match. We are playing further up, we are always in their half of the field. [whistle blows] [commentator 1] Lichtsteiner has space, watch out! Lichtsteiner… He can cross it in the middle... He does cross it and it's a clear penalty, ref! Miralem takes aim... JUVENTUS: 1 - ATALANTA: 0 MIRALEM PJANIC 75' Juve scores! A penalty executed by the number 5… -Miralem! -Pjanic! Juve heads to the Coppa Italia final in Rome for the fourth time in a row. [narrator] Juventus has won the Coppa Italia a record-setting 12 times. And the club would love a 13th. The club's success has long inspired every next generation to rise. The past laying the foundation for the promise of tomorrow. Just as it once did half a century ago for a young boy from Turin who'd grow to become a Juventus legend. [man] My dad was a soccer fan, he used to take me to see Juventus. ROBERTO BETTEGA STRIKER (1970-1983) shall come to the Combi center on Saturday." I talked my dad's ear off about it until he took me. I was nine years and nine months old. And I still don't know why I was chosen. If there is one game in my life that I'd like to play again, it's this one. Catania - Juve, my debut in first team. Let me ask you... Do you know the final score of that game? 1-0, goal scored by Bettega. What more can you ask than debuting at Juventus first team scoring the winning goal? [narrator] Roberto Bettega's childhood dream came true that day. Decades later, the next generation of young Juventus fans dream of following in his footsteps. And more recently those of another boy from Turin: Claudio Marchisio. In Vinovo, both Juve's first team and its youth program share the same fields, gyms and halls. Every time a player meets a youngster, the connection between today and tomorrow gets stronger and stronger. [children clamoring] Do you still have to do today's training or you did it already? [boy] We still have to train. [man] When I was a kid, every team was in its own different training center. CLAUDIO MARCHISIO MIDFIELDER made that dream feel even bigger than us. Because, not seeing them, the way it happens here, we couldn't wait to enter the pitch of the "seniors." [boy] Buffon isn't coming? I don't know, I haven't seen him. [boy] And Szczesny? [Marchisio] Didn't they stop by already? [boy] No, only Dybala did. [Marchisio] Now the kids on the youth teams see us every day. They see us walking in the corridors, they see us training, and of course this gives them motivation because they see how we train, how we work hard every day. [Allegri] We are going to do some work today, Stefano. Open... Good! Open more and take space. Good job, Rodrigo, yes! [narrator] Not every member of the team comes up through the youth academy, but no one embodies Juventus as a club more than Gigi Buffon. If this is Buffon's last season in goal, he wants deliver to Juve and its fans the one title that has eluded him: the Champions League. He got close to it several times, but now time is of the essence. Hi, my name is Gigi Buffon and I'm about to participate in the UEFA quiz on the Champions League. Let's start with the first question. Against whom did I debut in Champions League? Widzew Łódź is the correct answer! [Buffon] Winning the Champions League would be the biggest satisfaction. There have definitely been moments in which, looking in the mirror, you would say, "God, maybe I believed in a dream too big for my real strength." How many clean sheets have I gotten in the Champions League? Believing and pursuing a dream is something that requires a lot of energy. But it is also the only way I know that can really allow you to fulfill ambitious and unthinkable achievements. That's the only way I know to last in time. My favorite save in Champions League? Let's see, I've been playing how long? Twenty one years, basically. In Champions League… One day, when I'm going to watch all of my games, because from 40 to 80 I will watch all my games again... I will be able to tell you in detail and with more precision. -Okay. -[interviewer] Thank you so much. [narrator] If the dream's to become reality for Buffon, Juventus must first get past Tottenham in London in a few days time. [player exclaims] The first leg brought a promising start to 2018 to a halt. But the massive hole in the team's attack is being filled, with Paulo Dybala back in time for their match against Lazio. LAZIO - JUVENTUS OLYMPIC STADIUM Lazio-Juventus is not your average match. And they are both right behind Napoli. Paulo Dybala back in the starting line up. Gonzalo Higuain is not available to play, as well as Bernardeschi, Cuadrado and De Sciglio. [whistle blows] Cross in the middle, watch out... Buffon! And he collides with Lulic. Clear foul by Lulic on Juve's captain. He crashed into Gianluigi Buffon. Juve's captain is in a lot of pain. Pjanic for Dybala. Watch out! He sliced it... [narrator] His inclusion was meant to be a boost, but a healthy Dybala can do nothing to help the team find its rhythm against a stubborn Lazio side that beat Juve earlier in the season. [commentator] Dybala dribbles another one. Watch out  for the Argentine. Dybala is all alone. Dybala! [narrator] After 90 minutes, it appears Juve's going to miss an important opportunity to close the gap at the top of Serie A. But then, the moment of magic they were waiting for. [commentator] Paulo, watch out... Dybala... LAZIO: 0 - JUVENTUS: 1 PAULO DYBALA 90+3' Juventus has the advantage at 93 minutes. An amazing goal by "La Joya." An out of this world goal! The man of the hour, Paulo Dybala! LAZIO: 0 - JUVENTUS: 1 FINAL ANDREA BARZAGLI DEFENDER But at the end, Paulo's move allowed us to catch up three points on Napoli. [narrator] A rare Napoli loss that same day put Juve back in control in the chase for the Scudetto. But it might have all come at a cost. Buffon was injured in a collision during the match. VINOVO, TURIN The injury casts a cloud over the victory. And the next morning more news stop them in their tracks, as well as all of Italian soccer. Now the news that disrupted not just the soccer world, the sudden death of Davide Astori, captain of Fiorentina. His lifeless body found in his hotel room in Udine, where the team was staying. And today the Serie A stops. [Chiellini] He was a really nice guy, always smiling. GIORGIO CHIELLINI DEFENDER can leave us in an instant in a night, in his bed, with no warning signs. My greatest hope is that especially in the national team we will be able to keep his memory alive in the locker room. [players calling out] [narrator] It's difficult to focus again after such a tragedy, but that's what Juve must do with the match against Tottenham looming, for what could be Gigi Buffon's final appearance in the Champions League. [Allegri] Yes, in front! Go. This one! What happened? [Buffon] I blocked it. [Allegri] This one. There. Up. Again. Last one for you. This one. Stand up. And again. [Buffon] I did the first dive because I wasn't expecting it. But it hurt like hell. -Your arm? -It's much less swollen. -Let's do an MRI at 4:20 pm. -Today? If there's a micro-fracture, I can't help you. Okay? 4:20, at the J-Medical centre. [man] You should only save on this side. No, it's okay. Even if it hurts... Better now? Everything ok? Diving this way, yes. Let it rest and let's see how it goes tomorrow. It'll be better for sure, Claudio. If it's worse, so be it. [narrator] The uncertainty surrounding Buffon makes the difficult task ahead against Tottenham even more daunting so the defense will be under pressure to step up. Thirty-six-year old defender Andrea Barzagli is the oldest outfield player at the club and his vast experience will be vital in countering Tottenham's attack. [Barzagli] I am starting to get a little old. Physically I am not what I used to be, itbut I live the games in a certain way, with a lot of focus and not joking much. It's always been my characteristic because I am aware of my limits and I compensate with focus. Sit down at the table and I'll get you a snack. Who wants some donuts? Anyone? Yes, let's have some donuts. What would you like? This one? Do we have a plate? Do you eat without a plate? With your hands? Might as well... Do you want it in a plate? No, have it like this. Who cares? If Mom knew I'm letting you have Coke... It's fun... for the little time I am with them. It gets stressful after that, because my kids are very... active. But in the end they're good and I love spending time with them. Are you sure you don't have any homework? Sure? What are you doing today, Cami? Are you staying here? I want to go see my horse. -Camilla, you don't have a horse! -I do! [narrator] Time at home can clear a player's mind before an important match and this afternoon is a last bit of relaxation for Barzagli before the team flies out to London for their showdown with Tottenham. [Barzagli] At home versus Tottenham we started strong, maybe even too strong. Then they gave us a hard time with their plays. That's how things went. Now we have to go to London and we have to score to get the result we need to qualify to the next round. [Allegri] I don't know how Tottenham will play. They have more pressure on them because they have an advantage. For us it's a winner-stays game, like a final. Higuain has trained individually. The past two days he's trained with the team. He's available and ready to play, just like Dybala. Anyway, tomorrow is such an important and beautiful game to play, that even if someone isn't physically fit, they will definitely perform. [Higuain] It's going to be a very complicated game. WEMBLEY STADIUM LONDON GONZALO HIGUAIN STRIKER and obviously, qualify. Don't leave anything inside that tells you I could have given more. We can give more, much more. We have a team that can give more. [Chiellini] We've sacrificed a lot, as we're still doing, but the only thing that counts is lifting some trophies in May. Now comes the best part and we can't wait. [reporter] Fingers crossed, but this could be your last Champions League game. Have you thought about it these days or not at all? [Buffon] No, I'm an optimist by nature and I hope this isn't mine or Juve's last Champions League game this year. And I have to say that when Juve is... under attack and is suffering a bit and is bleeding a bit, I think that's when its qualities really come out. [narrator] Tonight is the most important match of Juve's season so far. Failure to advance past this stage would be excruciatingly disappointing. Still, though it feels like the match means everything, before kickoff, the teams come together for a reminder it doesn't with a minute of silence to honor Davide Astori. -[crowd falls silent] -[somber music plays] [commentator] You saw it in the eyes of Gianluigi Buffon and Giorgio Chiellini, who were his teammates on the national team, as Wembley remembered Davide Astori. It's the second leg of the Champions League Round of 16. It's "in or out" and Juve wants to stay in. In 120 years, Juventus never won an official game here in London. An ancient taboo that tonight needs to be dispelled. Son runs towards the goal. Son shoots... Great save by Buffon! Alli forward for Kane. Watch out, dribbling by Kane, he shoots. Tottenham was very close to taking the lead with Harry Kane. Tottenham is pushing forward, leading assaults to Bianconeri's goal. Cross in the middle, Son shoots and it's a goal. Tottenham leads 1-0 after 39 minutes. New score here at Wembley: Tottenham 1, Juventus 0. Son scores. Come on, guys. [narrator] After dominating the first half, Tottenham's goal means that Juventus will need at least 2 goals to advance to the quarter finals. [commentator] Juventus is a team that never gives up. Never! Juventus needs to pass it more to Gonzalo Higuain up front. [crowd singing] Sixty minutes in, with Juventus appearing on the verge of defeat, Allegri has seen enough and makes a tactical switch to change his club's fortunes. [commentator] Lichtsteiner wants to cross. Header by Khedira, watch out! And it's a goal for Juventus by Gonzalo Higuain. Tottenham 1, Juventus 1! Come on guys. Till the end. Pass through by Chiellini to "El Pipita." "El Pipita" turns around, towards Dybala. Paulo goes.... Dybala. Dybala! Tottenham 1, Juventus 2! [narrator] The 2 goals within 3 minutes stun Tottenham, but they regroup quickly and push forward, desperately searching for an equalizer. [commentator] A crucial defection by Giorgio Chiellini. This play counts as a goal for Juventus. Son tries to turn. Cross by Davies. Watch out! Header by Kane. Post! Andrea Barzagli clears the ball away. And the game is over! Juventus moves onto the Champions League quarterfinals! Epic game by our guys! [Allegri] It's great. Winning in Wembley doesn't happen often. It's like a soccer temple. So I think the guys gave the club and the fans a great satisfaction. We do our best to get to the final. For now we made our first step to get to the quarterfinals. -Thank you. -Good night. [narrator] It's the first official match Juventus has ever won in London. In 120 years none of their predecessors had accomplished it, before Allegri's team. Making it all the more rewarding a moment to relish in. For us this victory is just amazing because we fought as a great club and the spirit and determination was so good. We never give up. We fought hard at the end we won the game. -A bit lower. -Yes, I know. ♪ You are not alone… ♪ The best thing you've done! [narrator] Juventus is now off to the quarterfinals, and soon they will learn their next opponent is the same team that crushed their Champions League hopes last season, in the final in Cardiff. In just 18 days, Real Madrid will stand in their way again. We dedicate this match to him and we all think of him. These days, I've cried many times. I always believed in him because he's a fantastic player. It's very difficult to give our best, because we have to think about the game and our opponents. It's not easy, but... He's always in our hearts and... Tomorrow... we go to give the last ciao to him together with our teammates. [crowd applauds] [crowd chanting] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 