First Team: Juventus: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 First Team: Juventus 
 s2e2 - Episode #2.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 First Team: Juventus (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Episode #2.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [speaking Italian] -[shooting footballs] -[ball in the net] - Let’s get to 10. - Whoever gets to 10 first wins. [player] If you throw it here, I go. Nice, this was an easy one. [players] Ooh! - The first one was beautiful. - I am going to score the first one, too. Strong! -[players] Goal! -[player imitating machine gun] No, no... it went out this way! - This is worth double! - It's not, it went out this way. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Outside. Out. Do I shoot again, brother? Whoever gets there first, 8-8. Last one. - 9-9, 1 and 1. - Yes, a goal. - And earlier? - But if you didn't count that one? [players chattering] Come, Lucy, come. 1, 2, 3... Shoot! [Shouts] Goal! And how does daddy dance? Down! Up! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Down! [narrator] At this critical moment in the Juventus season... ..any good news is welcome. And today, Juan Cuadrado is happy to provide some. Soon he will be back on the pitch for the first time since December. His return could be the boost his team needs. The difference between victory and defeat. But today he spends the afternoon with his family. Throw it with your foot! [child speaking Colombian] [shouts] Good! [chuckles] [Cuadrado] Family is the most important thing to me. My wife, my daughter. My mom, my little sister. Everyone. There you go! [Cuadrado] I think it all starts from there. If you are well with your family you're going to be better in soccer, you find your balance. I always try to give them love because... sometimes we play away, or during the week, so we rarely spend time with them. [shouts] Goal! The time we spend with them is very important. Time with the family is quality time. [shouting in Colombian] Let's go! I took a break for almost three months. At one point I wasn't able to get out of bed, stretch, nothing. [speaking Colombian] Lucy, let's say a prayer please, now. [Cuadrado] Sometimes you feel helpless not being able to help your team. I had such a desire to get on the pitch, an adrenaline, I wanted to help my teammates. I was very close to God. I prayed and asked him for a fast recovery. It happened for a reason. What matters is that I'm fine now. Bon appetit guys! [speaking Colombian] [coach] Let’s go, come on. Cutrone comes back inside but we have to always be 3v2, but the left winger, if he goes, we have to move  over on this side. You're going to stop there because sometimes Suso goes in and brings the ball to the edge of the box. Go up, up! Come deeper, deeper. Milan is defending. Go! [narrator] Juventus is facing a massive week. First on tap, a pivotal Serie A match with AC Milan. Three days later, a rematch of last year's Champion's League final with Real Madrid. The only acceptable result will be victories. And for coach Massimiliano Allegri the best way to overcome recent imperfections is meticulous preparation. [coach] This is valid for Saturday, but it's the same for Tuesday. The difference is that Real Madrid with three passes can get there. Milan can make mistakes, they don't. [players talking] All games are difficult and important. When you fight for the championship, when you are in the Champions League quarterfinal and Coppa Italia final, all games are important. AC Milan is a step to reach the final goal which is the seventh championship. Then we’ll think about Real Madrid. [coach] I think Cutrone or Kalinic will play. They're both players who go deep, so let's cover well behind, ourselves and the depth. The challenge against Milan is critical. It’s a match between two historic Italian clubs. Clearly it will be a difficult, intense match. We must continue to stay ahead of Napoli and try to win. -And now? -You don’t talk anymore, okay? [players speaking Italian] You don’t talk anymore, okay? [laughing] [players speaking Italian] [press conference] [presenter] Both the media and the fans don't seem to notice that there is Juventus-AC Milan tomorrow. It's an important game because Napoli narrowed it's gap. But all the focus seems to be on Tuesday, Juventus-Real Madrid. The two games against Real Madrid will be an event in which we play against the best team in the world. We must have the ambition to beat them. Tomorrow, we have AC Milan, which in the last ten games won eight times and tied twice. They have won the last five games in a row, so we need to get ready for them. We'll start thinking about Real Madrid on Monday. [narrator] There are only nine matches left in the league. While the rest of the world may be focused on next week's match with Real Madrid The Serie A is reaching a moment of truth. Juventus holds just a two-point lead over Napoli, who are enjoying a spectacular season. So failure to win over AC Milan would put the pursuit of a title in jeopardy. The match will mark a dramatic return for a beloved former teammate who after seven seasons with Juve left the team last year and tonight will line up against his former club. [jurnalist] Can we talk about Bonucci? -What do we have to say about Leo? -Anything that comes to your mind. Leo gave a lot to Juventus, Juventus gave a lot back to him. He wanted to move on. He probably had his reasons, but I believe he lies solidly anchored in the hearts of the Juventus fans. [crowd cheering and applauding] [referee blows the whistle] [announcer] [crowd cheers] [broadcaster] He won so much. Now he changed the jersey. I think, the first minutes of the game won't be easy for him. [narrator] serie A has provided the tightest title race in European soccer this season. With AC Milan, who haven't lost so far in 2018, they are hoping to cause more chaos in the chase for the championship. It all means old allegiances must be put aside quickly. [broadcaster] AC Milan is coming from five victories. It hasn't lost in ten games. [crowd shouting in Italian] Here the game starts. [broadcaster] Low pass to Dybala... Paulo goes... Dybala! And Juventus is leading! The score changes after eight minutes. A magic trick by La Joya. A fantastic goal! [crowd cheering] [narrator] The goal by Paolo Dybala may give Juve the early lead, but the visitors are hardly stifled. AC Milan has never won a match at Allianz Stadium, but have come to Turin desperately seeking a change of fortune. [broadcaster] Suso moves forward, he challenges Asamoah. Suso! Buffon saves. Second corner of the game. Calhanoğlu from the corner calls the play. Çalhanoğlu... The ball... Attention, a header! The ball is in the net. AC Milan equalizes with Bonucci. It's the 28th minute. The score changes at the Allianz Stadium. Juventus one, AC Milan one. The equalizer scored by Leonardo Bonucci. [narrator] It's the former Juve star who nets the equalizing goal, getting between his old defensive partners Andrea Barzagli and GeoGiorgio Chiellini. The Bonucci goal is the final score of the tightly contested first half which ends with the teams tied. [broadcaster] Çalhanoğlu strikes! Hits the crossbar! It's not over yet. Suso aims at the goal. Suso shoots! Buffon saves! Near the closest post, a big danger for Juve. [narrator] The pace of the second half mirrors that of the first with both teams battling hard for the go-ahead goal. Juventus can't capitalize, and as the match heads to a draw Allegri turns to his new star in hopes of changing the outcome. [broadcaster] Juan Cuadrado gets in. Juventus forms a 4-2-3-1 system of play. Cuadrado who hasn't played since the end of December, since the 1-0 win against Roma. [crowd shouting] Douglas Costa gives the ball forward to Khedira Khedira crosses the ball...Cuadrado! [shouts] Goal! Juventus is leading! Juan Cuadrado is back! He deserves this moment, after so much struggle, after the injury! Juan Cuadrado scores in the 34th minute of the second half. Juventus two, AC Milan one [crowd cheering] We have to stay very focused in these last minutes. Douglas Costa is facing two men. He is not intimidated by them. He challenges them. With a mummery, another one,  he serves a low ball to Dybala. Watch out for La Joya! Dybala passes it in the middle...Khedira! Juventus three, AC Milan one! Goal by Sami Khedira! It's the 42nd minute of the second half, the third goal bears the signature of the German player! His seventh goal in this championship. Game, set, and match for Juventus. And the game ends here. Juventus beats Milan 3-1. Juventus increases its advantage in the standings. It has now 78 points, four more than Napoli [crowd cheering] -[wind blowing] -[birds tweeting] [coach] Guys, let’s have a look at a few defensive strategies of Real Madrid. [narrator] The win has given Juventus breathing space atop the Serie A. As they turn towards the final phase of he season, preparation remains key. With their quarter finals match against Real Madrid looming, the club's match analysis manager, Ricardo Scirea, has a critical role; to break down the opponent from every angle in search of an advantage for Juve. [Ricardo] With a bit of a delay in marking, they can play through the lines and move the ball around. They never enter from the line. -This is a goal conceded due to width. -Width after playing between the lines. And the same in this situation against Tottenham. -Isco here was playing wide on the left? -Yes. Ramos steps out and it's a 2v2 in the box. [Ricardo] Soccer has changed over the years. I have been working on match analysis for over 11 years. I started right here at Juventus with Claudio Ranieri. Now there is not only a study of the game, there’s not only training on the pitch, but also a study of the opponent because it allows both our staff and our players to see things and have better knowledge in order to get on the pitch and play with more peace of mind because they already know the opponent they are going to face. These are the situations they suffer the most from. [assistant] Yes, especially from the width. Nineteen goals out of 51. These are important situations to show the coach. Select these plays and... get them ready for the technical meeting with the staff. [chattering] [narrator] Juventus' last practice before the Real Madrid matchup brings a media invasion to Vinovo. Hoping to catch a glimpse of the club's final preparations for the marquee tie of the Champions League quarters. [jurnalists speaking Italian] [jurnalist] It's not as good a team this year. Christiano Ronaldo isn't having a good season... [TV broadcasters] [narrator] The increased media presence is of course not unexpected considering the two teams faced of last year in the Champions League final. But this meeting presents an opportunity to right what went wrong 10 months ago, and harness lessons from that night. [crowd shouting] [broadcaster] Ronaldo shoots and it’s a goal. Real Madrid is leading thanks to Cristiano. Casemiro... and it's a goal! Cross in the middle, Ronaldo... 3-1. Ronaldo scores. It's over. Real Madrid are European champions for the 12th time, beating Juventus 4-1. We put our head down and this isn't good. It's just the psychological aspect and the serenity… And we've gotten better in this regard. [coach instructing players] But we are convinced that we can play our chances and possibilities in the best possible way. [players speaking Italian] When you play these kind of games you need to have the right mindset to face them. You need a little lightheartedness, recklessness and, above all, a great ambition. [coach instructing players] [narrator] Real Madrid boasts one of Europe's most lethal attacks so keeping them off the scoresheet will be a difficult task. Much attention will be on the goalkeepers, whose job is always filled with pressure and always calls upon a strong and resilient personality To be a goalkeeper for Juventus, the mental aspect is important. We have one or two saves per game. If you make a mistake everybody sees it. There's no room for hiding. I know I will play games and I have to be prepared for them. If you don't have the quality to play for this club, you won't do it for long. [narrator] Although undisputed number 1, Gigi Buffon, will start tomorrow Wojciech Szczesny knows his time is coming at the club. He might only be in his first season here, but the plan is for him to soon take over the position and try to fill the gloves of a legend. I don’t really look at it as a big responsibility replacing Gigi. I feel a responsibility to represent myself and the club at the level that I'm expected to. For my era, when I was growing up, he was always the one to admire. So for me to have a chance to watch him train and have a personal relationship with him, it's something very important. Gigi has won everything there is to be won in Italy. He is the best goalkeeper in the history of this country. [crowd shouting] I think the relationship with the fans is always based on the trophies you won They will love him long after he's gone. They will probably miss him. So will I. But I want to make sure I can also bring trophies and good moments to this club. - Make sure you are the starter next year. - Okay. I'm never going to be a Gianluigi Buffon But I can be a very good Wojciech Szczesny. [narrator] Early morning Tuesday and anticipation is building for the match at Allianz tonight. In a perfect world for Juventus, a rematch with the two-time defending champion would have come later in the Champions League. But the reality is still the same. To win the title... they have to get past Real Madrid. [chattering] Now another world opens up to us, now Real is coming up. It will be a fascinating, beautiful, extremely hard double challenge. But these are the games that a player wants to play, the kind of games that a fan wants to see. Real Madrid is a team that has just won two consecutive Champions League, which is something that never happened to anybody else before. They reached the semifinals seven times in the last seven years and, you know, these things count. Many win once, but only those who win with continuity are truly special. My thought is that we are going to meet the strongest team in the world. So the margin of error is very low and we will have to play a perfect first and second leg. Simply put, the best case scenario would see us score without conceding. [jurnalists and Allegri laughing] What do you want me to say? [narrator] With the second leg set for Madrid, it's vital for Juve to get a positive result at home. Ideal would be a repeat performance from three years ago, when they knocked out Real Madrid from the Champions League. While of course the nightmare would be a reprise of their defeat a year ago in the final. [broadcaster] It's a night for champions, a match-up over two legs. Let’s start with the first leg, our opponent is Real Madrid. They've always beaten us in the finals, but never in the knockout phase. [crowd shouting and cheering] [broadcaster] Till the end of the first half, go Juve! C’mon guys, let’s not be intimidated, let’s scare them. Allegri is shouting like crazy. He wants the team concentrated from the very beginning. Real Madrid moves forward. Danger! Cross in the middle… Ronaldo... Goal. 1 - 0 for Real Madrid. After 2 minutes and 50 seconds. This guy scores in every game. We have to be more aggressive as well. Come on guys. We have to be braver and stop their ability to think and move. Dybala in the box… Left footed shot! Great block by Sergio Ramos. [referee blows whistle] Nice cross by Dybala in the middle… Miraculous save by Navas! That was so close. Gonzalo was ready to cheer. Incredible. [narrator] The early goal may have been the worst way to start but it brings Juve to life. And with desperation breeding momentum the men in black and white look to be the next to score. -Dybala's shot is deflected. -Yes, yes. No, no, no. Two important opportunities for Juventus to equalize. We have to keep playing like this. Marcelo, passes it to Ronaldo, Buffon comes out, Chiellini moves the ball away from him! Danger! Gigi saves everything after Vazquez’s shot! Carvajal crosses it, another danger... Mamma mia, what a goal by Ronaldo. A bicycle kick. 2-0 for Real Madrid. Two goals by Ronaldo. Our supporters are rightly applauding Ronaldo who scored an incredible goal. We can’t do much against this exploit, but we still  have 30 minutes to put things straight and go to Madrid with another result. Yellow... Dybala... Red. Dybala expelled in the 65th minute, Juventus is one man down. Yes, well… now… Now it would be better to just end the match. [narrator] There were signs that tonight would be different than the final 10 months ago. But Juve's hopes are gone after a series of failing to seize chances, a superior Real Madrid, and an inspired Ronaldo, who all night has seemed almost unstoppable. The final punctuation comes late to cap the painfully disappointing night. Third goal for Real Madrid. Juventus 0, Real Madrid 3. [referee blows whistle to end the match] [broadcaster] Like always, until the end ''Forza Juventus.’' There is still the next game. It's not over even if it does not look good. We are not going to mope now, we’re going to Madrid to play a beautiful game for ourselves. You never know what could happen, both in soccer and in life. [coach] We cannot play the game again. so we have to think about what's in front of us. That’s soccer. We have to accept it. but tonight was not a good night. When you lose, you feel disappointment. When you play in Europe against the best in the world these things can happen. The actual goal itself; you can’t do anything about it. And it has to be admired. I think we all watch football and we appreciate those kinds of moments. Even when I was watching from the bench, you see the ball behind the striker it’s higher than anybody can arrive with a header, so you don’t expect hi  to get a good connection with it. Sometimes the quality of the opposition can make them win games. This is what I’m talking about, there’s no defending it. It’s difficult to accept, but you have to accept it. [birds tweeting] [narrator] The next morning, disappointment is still in the air. While a 3-goal comeback on the road against Madrid would seem an impossible task. Veteran defender, Medhi Benatia, isn't ready to give up hope. I think we can still make it. People might think I am crazy... because winning 4-0 in Madrid, today, might seem unthinkable. I know we can do great things. I told my son that, if there is a sport where anything is possible, it's soccer. [narrator] While Benatia's 13-year career has given him tremendous professional success, his grueling scheduel has long left him with little personal time, making days like these when he can watch his 6-year old son train... all the more special. [children shouting] [Benatia] When I am here... in Turin, it's always a pleasure to see him play. [children shouting] He is very happy to practice where his dad trains as well. At this age they see the ball and they run. He watches all the games, he is always with us. I bring him to the stadium, to the locker room… When he sees Pipa and Dyba it's a joy. When he scores, he does like Dyba... That one hit him, did you see that blow? He kicked him. [children's coach] We are not allowed to kick each other. I never saw Dybala, Higuain, or Marchisio kicking each other. Am I right? Did you ever see them doing that? - No. - Okay, great. Shake hands, Shake hands. [children shouting] [Benatia] I told him to be forward, Being a defender is a bit ungrateful. You can play well for 85 minutes, but if you make a mistake on the last pass or in the last minute people will only remember that. [children speaking Italian] You don't want to wear pants? Won't you be cold? [narrator] The second leg against Real Madrid seems to many just a formality. Juventus is facing an improbable mission. Considering no team that has ever lost three-nil at home in the Champions League has tied and gone on to advance. There is a sentence written today in Juventus' locker rooms, and I quote Trapattoni here: "Juventus is like a dragon with seven heads, when you cut one off there is always going to be another one." This sentence was written 40 years ago and it's still current. It shows what Juventus is made of. Even during hard times we are able to come up with solutions. We'll need a hint of "sane madness." The game is long and we don't need to score three goals in five minutes. Let's try to achieve this, it would be something more than legendary. [narrator] A seemingly impossible task awaits Juve in Madrid. They must find the back of the net enough to overcome the large deficit, while simultaneously... confine Ronaldo, one of the most potent strikers soccer has ever known. [players shouting] [coach] Go Guard on him, Go guard on him. Come, come, come! Like this! We are going to get on the pitch with a frame of mind and a desire to pass this round even if evidently everything seems impossible today. But at least we have to really give everything until the last minute. I tell myself we are able to win this game. [broadcaster] With pride and passion, from the Bernabeu Stadium in Madrid. Tonight Juventus' mission is obviously very complicated, but Juve's got seven lives. It never dies! [crowd cheering] [broadcaster] Watch out for Douglas Costa with the ball, he goes forward and passes to Kedhira, crosses into the penalty area, watch out! It's a header and a goal! Juventus is leading! Mario Mandzukic! Juventus is ahead after one minute and twenty seconds! Incredible! At the Bernabeu! The Brazilian goes, Douglas Costa passes it in the middle... Higuain! Keylor Navas denies him! [crowd shouting] Douglas Costa passes it to Higuain. Higuain for Khedira... Khedira passes it wide to Lichsteiner. He can cross, Marcelo is in front of him. Lichsteiner crosses it in the middle... [broadcaster shouts] Mandzukic! Juventus leads 2-0! In the 37th minute, at the Bernabeu. It's unbelievable what's just happened, here, at the Bernabeu! We have to keep playing the way we did in the first 45 minutes. Lucas Vazquez moves forward on the right. He crosses it in the middle, watch out! Buffon says "no" to Ronaldo. Gianluigi Buffon motivates his teammates. [crowd shouting] Douglas Costa wants to create something like this cross in the middle to Matuidi! Watch out! Matuidi… [broadcaster shouting like mad] Matuidi! Matuidi! 3-0, 3-0, 3-0! 3-0! Matuidi, 16 minutes into the second half! Matuidi! Juventus fans are bursting with joy! We're even! We're even! Matuidi! Last Tuesday Real Madrid won 3-0 in Turin. And now we are winning 3-0 at the Bernabeu! Marcelo sprints forward, the ball goes to Isco. Isco, the shot deflected... Buffon! Buffon! Once again, Gigi! Can you see this man, can you see this legend, can you see the myth? [crowd shouting] We just entered the last minute of the game. Soon, we'll find out how much injury time. With just three minutes left on the clock a goal now will surely send one team into the Champions League semifinals. and in the process crush the hopes of their opponent. Header, watch out… Benatia! Penalty kick for Real Madrid. No, it’s not possible! Penalty kick for Real Madrid! Gianluigi Buffon is furious. No, no, this is not possible! Red card? Unbelievable at the Bernabeu, red card. Gianluigi Buffon expelled at Bernabeu. Gigi leaves the Bernabeu's pitch. Szczesny gives him a hug. Substitution for Juventus: Szczesny in. He made many miracles this season, when he was called to duty. He has to do the biggest miracle, to say no to Cristiano Ronaldo from the "11 meters." [crowd cheering] Whistle by the referee. Ronaldo... Ronaldo shoots… The ball is in the net. Real Madrid one, Juventus three. [crowd singing and cheering] The game is over. After an incredible game, one of Juventus' best in UEFA Champions League history. We are eliminated unfortunately. Juventus supporters still can't believe what happened. Juventus wins 3-1 at the Santiago Bernabeu but it's not enough. I had the feeling that I was living in an abstract reality, a dream. I was enjoying the fact that... I could experience every single moment of the game. And then came the epilogue... that split in half... a wonderful painting. Obviously you plan things but then life... decides to... change the events its own way. Subtitle translation by: 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 