First Team: Juventus: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 First Team: Juventus 
 s2e3 - Episode #2.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 First Team: Juventus (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Episode #2.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL DOCUMENTARY SERIES -[man] The game is over. -[cheering] Juventus wins 3-1 at Santiago Bernabeu, but it' s not enough. [Medhi Benatia] Well, it was the end of the game. I watched that part so many times. I tried very hard not to touch him because, knowing that I was inside the penalty area, MEDHI BENATIA DEFENDER I wanted to avoid the penalty. I made myself clear already,  this is absolutely not a penalty. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 When they take your dream away like this, with two seconds left on the clock, it’s hard. This match could have gone down in soccer history. So it's a great disappointment. [narrator] It's a difficult point in Juventus' season. The emotional impact of the loss to Real Madrid is still resonating. But through the club's long and storied history, there have been other painful junctures that have tested the faith of the team's players and its fans. Moments like the spring of 2006, when Italian soccer was rocked by scandal. -[fans cheering] -[narrator] Several top clubs in Italy were implicated in the scandal for having attempted to influence matches by picking favorable referees. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Juventus was stripped of two titles and the Bianconeri were relegated to the Serie B. A painful blow for the club. Many of the team's top players left, but a handful remained. Including Gigi Buffon, resolved to help their beloved "Old Lady" rise again. I stayed in Serie B for one simple reason. In order to stay loyal to Juventus and keep the support of the fans, you have to be willing to make some sacrifices. We stayed. I had no... doubt about staying. Luckily some other teammates stayed, too. And from there we started a completely new path. It was a radical choice to stay in those circumstances. A choice that I would make again, because I made it with my heart. I think that heartfelt choices make you stronger. [cheering] It was a form of gratitude to the people who believed in me. To the children who support Juve, for the people’s love and the the world of Juve. [narrator] Juve is now looking to rise back up once again. Their Champions League hopes might have been crushed, but the club can still capture a seventh straight Scudetto. It would be a fitting final send-off for the legend who sacrificed so much for his team and his fans. With this now the club's primary focus, a victory against Napoli is now paramount. Ready, guys? Let's start strong. Positive energy, okay? All together. Let's start from here. Let's go, boys! [narrator] There are only five matches remaining in Serie A, with Juventus holding a four-point lead over Napoli, which are in the midst of a record setting run. A Juve loss tonight would open the door for their rivals and spark a frantic close to the season. [Massimiliano Allegri] Juventus is doing important things in the championship. And then there is Napoli, who has only focused on the championship. And in the end, on May 20th the best team is going to win. If we will be the best, we will finish first. If they will be the best, we will finish second. And we will compliment them. [man] Brothers and sisters, welcome to Allianz Stadium, our stadium. The stadium that changes soccer. Juventus, the leader, against the second in the league, four points behind. In the midfield, Napoli's players are ready to kick off. JUVENTUS - NAPOLI ALLIANZ STADIUM The stadium is sold out, let's go. Come on, guys, score! [narrator] Napoli are undefeated in their last 29 matches away from home and start confidently. The fast pace takes the Bianconeri by surprise and, only 11 minutes in, it costs them the leader of their defenders. [man] Giorgio can't make it. Chiellini, number three, is out. In number 26, "the miner" Stephan Lichtsteiner. Asamoah for Higuain on-side. Irregular position... and he's down. Free kick and yellow card. Pjanic and Dybala. Pjanic aims... He aims... the wall is full. Pjanic shoots… and hits the external post! JUVENTUS: 0 - NAPOLI: 0 END OF FIRST HALF [narrator] The loss of Chiellini is a blow to Juve, and it gives Napoli even more confidence as they force the Bianconeri back. [man] Hamsik! On the exterior of the net. First danger of the second half, at 51:33 [narrator] Juve are also struggling to attack, unable to manage a shot on target. [man] Insigne in to Callejon! Buffon performs the miracle of the game! This is the typical play of Napoli. We're a bit apprehensive. We are giving away the ball too easily. In a game like this, we can also settle for a draw. [narrator] As the second half continues, the patterns of the match make clear Juventus will be happy to hold out for a draw, while Napoli pushes for the winner. It looks headed to a likely stalemate, but in the final minutes, Napoli gets itself one last chance to snatch victory. [man] Corner for Napoli. Just over a minute to the end of the game. Watch out, guys. It's Callejon kicking. Napoli scores with Koulibaly. JUVENTUS: 0 - NAPOLI: 1 KALIDOU KOULIBALY 90' In the last minute. Juventus loses 1-0 at home. So now Juventus is only one point ahead. JUVENTUS: 0 - NAPOLI: 1 FINAL [Allegri] We all want to win, but in order to win we have to suffer. We play 57 games per year. Even on a purely mental level it costs us a lot of energy. So there's nothing we can blame the guys for. [narrator] The Scudetto is uncertain. The expert Andrea Barzagli feels the weight of responsibility. After the costly loss, the team has to regroup quickly, ahead of a set of final must-win games. Unfortunately, we're coming from the home loss ANDREA BARZAGLI DEFENDER against Napoli. It's a match that hurts a lot. Moreover, in a face-off where we could have clinched that championship. It's a big mental setback. We have no choice but to win. It's important to stay together and give our best during training because we have to face four hard games that are worth a whole season. But usually when cornered, we always respond well. FIRST TEAM [narrator] Despite Barzagli's optimism, reality paints a darker picture. For the first time in seven years, Juve risks losing out on the Scudetto. Against Napoli, their attack couldn't even muster a shot on goal, and Gonzalo Higuain is in the midst of his worst scoring drought since coming to the Serie A: only one goal in the past two months. [Gonzalo Higuain] When the team wins, everybody's happy. But when you don’t score and the team doesn’t win, all the blame is on the number 9. It is difficult, but what matters is being strong mentally. When there are so many... expectations from a player and people expect him to perform in every game, when he doesn't do it, it is surprising and criticism comes. When he does it, it's normal. [narrator] The season has provided many twists and turns, so far. But failure to beat Inter Milan in their next match would be simply devastating, and hand Napoli a golden opportunity to pass Juve in the standings. INTER - JUVENTUS SAN SIRO [man] A great night of soccer. With four games left and one point more than Napoli, Juventus lands in San Siro. This is Inter-Juve and the stakes are very high. Douglas Costa! Juventus takes the lead. INTER: 0 - JUVENTUS: 1 DOUGLAS COSTA 13' Red card. Inter is now one man down. Cross in the middle. A header... goal. Inter ties with Icardi. INTER: 1 - JUVENTUS: 1 MAURO ICARDI Perisic passes it in the box. Own goal. 2-1 for Inter. INTER: 2 - JUVENTUS: 1 ANDREA BARZAGLI (OWN) 65' Andrea Barzagli's own goal brings Inter ahead. But we have to trust these guys, until the end… [narrator] The two goals from ten man Inter rock Juve. With only a one point lead over Napoli, they can feel the Scudetto slip away. Everything now hinges on this match. When they overturned the game, taking it to 2-1... with five minutes left, we knew that was all the time we had to win the Scudetto. [man] Cuadrado, watch out, he's in the middle... Goal by Cuadrado! Juventus ties the game! At minute 42 in the second half, 2-2! Juan Cuadrado. It was almost over, and a tie wouldn't have been enough. Cuadrado's goal pushed us to fight for the win. [man] The header and the goal! Higuain! Juventus is leading! Gonzalo Higuain! 3-2! [Higuain] I felt that ball was going to be a goal. It's the strength of this team. Fighting, staying together. It would be a wonderful thing to get this Scudetto because we are really fighting until the end. INTER: 2 - JUVENTUS: 3 FINAL [narrator] Just when it looked like Juve was doomed, one final twist changes the story once more. It's a team win for the ages. A comeback that shocks the entire country. Especially Napoli, which will lose and draw in their following matches to give Juve an all but insurmountable six-point lead with two matches remaining. The win over Inter is a decisive step towards the Scudetto, which means the club's focus can now turn to their Coppa Italia final. But first, Paulo Dybala and Douglas Costa film a promotional video with a few WWE superstars, and learn a few ricks from the ring before heading to Rome. You wait for them here. They will show you how to intimidate the opponent. -Do you know what's happening now? -No, but I'm definitely scared. So am I. Me too. Look, he's as big as mountain. He's two Chiellini put together. [screaming] -[woman laughs ] Who's ready for us? -Who's ready? Who wants it? [man yells] Now it's your guys turn to show us what you got. [screaming] [laughing] Now we show you something with the ball, okay? Sure. -Yeah, we can do that one. -It's easy. [woman] Easy. Yeah. [woman shouts] Oh, my God! [laughs] No! No! It's gone! The ball is gone! I'm sorry. [narrator] With the Scudetto nearly captured, Juve travels to Rome knowing a victory over AC Milan would add to the triumphant end of a long and exhausting season. Juventus has always chased after victories. Always after cups and Scudettos and that's what we'll try to do in this final. ROME, ITALY [narrator] Big occasions call for big ceremonies Upon the player's arrival in Rome they get a unique opportunity to head to the Quirinal Palace alongside their foes from Milan to a banquet hosted by Italy's president, Sergio Mattarella. We are here to represent Italian soccer for tomorrow's final of Coppa Italia We can promise that we will give our best. We will be the first to congratulate the winners in case it'll be Milan. At times, peaceful signs are good not only for the fans and in the sports world, but they are good for our society as a whole. I really wish you a great match. You are the most well-known teams of a great sport, which is the most popular, the most followed by the youth that look at you with admiration and want to be like you. Thus, you have a great responsibility. OLYMPIC STADIUM, ROME [narrator] The season's long road has led Juventus here. Their chance at concluding it as winners. Finals are where players make their mark on history, and with Chiellini injured, the stage is set for someone else to shine. [players shouting] It would be amazing if we won seven Scudettos in a row and four Coppa Italia. I'm laughing just thinking about it. Not many teams can achieve something like this. We are very close, and it's all up to us. We have to give 200% to make history. [man] The wait is over. It's up to the pitch to decide who's going to win the trophy. Here we go, the 2018 Coppa Italia final. The season almost over and Juve is close to winning its seventh title in a row. Juventus wants to win the trophy tonight, its fourth in a row. Çalhanoğlu aims at the goal. Watch out, the ball, pass. The ball is there again. The shot. Buffon denies Cutrone. [narrator] Juve might be the favorite, but it is their opponent who have the better chances early, with AC Milan looking to prevail in a tightly contested first half. [man] Cuadrado! We are at minute 46. 0-0 between Juventus and Milan. JUVENTUS: 0 - MILAN: 0 END OF FIRST HALF Let's go, let's resume! Have fun with the second half of Juventus-Milan! History is calling and Juventus wants to answer once again: "We are here." Douglas Costa again. Good ball. Khedira , watch out, the pass... Dybala! Donnarumma's save. And then Romagnoli. Big chance for Juventus on Paulo Dybala's left foot. It's a very strategical match. A chess match between the two coaches. Dybala! Donnarumma's save. Corner for Miralem Pjanic. Pjanic. Cross in the middle. Benatia! Juventus takes the lead. Medhi Benatia's perfect header goes past Donnarumma. Marvellous corner kick by Miralem Pjanic. Medhi Benatia! Juventus has taken the lead. Douglas Costa! And the ball is in the net. Juventus scores again! Two goals in four minutes. 2-0 for Juventus. JUVENTUS: 2 - MILAN: 0 DOUGLAS COSTA 61' Ball in the middle, watch out, header! Donnarumma and it's in the net! Benatia! 3-0 for Juventus. Second goal from Medhi Benatia! Donnarumma didn't hold the ball. Benatia, 3-0! Second goal from Medhi Benatia. Everything in eight minutes! [narrator] Benatia's second goal completes a stunning sequence. The "Old Lady" wins its 13th Coppa Italia. [man] And the match is over! The Bianconeri have won this trophy for the fourth time in a row! An achievement never reached by any other team in Italy. JUVENTUS: 4 - MILAN: 0 FINAL [announcer] The 2017-2018 Tim Cup goes to... Juventus! [cheering] [shouting] [shouts] ♪ We are, we are ♪ ♪ We are the champions of Italy ♪ [shouting] Mad as a hatter! Look at my mom. He's a real dickhead! He said I'm a dickhead. He said I'm too stubborn. [Gianluigi Buffon] After all these incredible years, ending my story with Juve this way was a dream and I am happy I got to share it with Andrea and with everybody else, -but especially him... -Especially me! ...and some of the others. We are the oldest ones, so we are truly happy. Let's go! They are calling us from the bus, because they want to leave, the guys are hungry. -We'll keep celebrating. -We are celebrating. [narrator] The victory lets them relax for what feels like the first time all season. And they hope Rome will be the site of more celebrations next week, when they'll return to try to clinch the Scudetto. [Giuseppe Marota] This is an Italian trophy. It represents a tradition, the history of our soccer, it is a reason of great pride. Of course, we didn't win the Champions League, but we will try to get it next year. We bring this trophy to the members of the staff, to all the "actors in a supporting role" who are an integral part of our success. [cheering] TURIN, ITALY [narrator] It's been a long season. A grueling 52 games in nine months. A trip home to see his family is a welcome respite for Mehdi Benatia. [Benatia] My children! No kiss for daddy? My baby... Juve! -All good at school? -Yes. I'm very lucky because when you have a family like mine, with many kids... it's an immense pleasure. Give a little to your brother. No, I'm joking. It's for you. It's yours. When I get home from the field, these guys jump on me. It's like the day is starting over. With them there's always something new. They're full of energy. This is really my blessing. Look at daddy, he scored! Did you see? This is daddy. Well, yesterday… is a moment that will always stay with me. For a defender to score two goals in a final in Rome against Milan, you can't wish for more than that. It was important that I played well for the team. We're a fantastic group. And yesterday we showed it to everyone once again. [Benatia and children chattering] ROMA - JUVENTUS OLYMPIC STADIUM [narrator] Three days later, the team returns to Rome needing only a draw to clinch their second trophy of the season. [man] Juventus is close to the finish. It is within reach, just a small effort to conquer the “tricolore." One point is enough to be Italian Champions for the seventh season in a row. [Giorgio Chiellini] All these years, every time we have been declared dead, we had the pride needed to come back and achieve our goal. We had the mental strength to play this championship without looking at what others were doing, but only thinking about winning. Other teams never had the strength we had. [narrator] It was a harder climb than they ever imagined, but once again Juventus stands alone at the top of the Serie A. [man] The whole Juventus bench is standing because the "tricolore" is close. And it's over! Juventus is the Italian Champion! The seventh scudetto in a row, a legendary achievement that propels the Bianconeri into soccer mythology. [Chiellini] A lot of people thought we were dead, but when you're a club like this in the end you win. ♪ We are the champions of Italy ♪ ♪ We are, we are We are the champions of Italy ♪ [all] Until the end! Go, Juventus! [crowd singing, shouting] TURIN, ITALY [singing] [narrator] In history books, this Juventus season might look no different from the previous three. With yet another Coppa Italia  and another Scudetto. Still, this year will be remembered in Turin because of a peculiar sense of melancholy that hung over the club and the fans. And now a press conference a few days before the final match confirms what the soccer world suspected all along. Good morning. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to Gianluigi Buffon's press conference. [Andrea Agnelli] Finding the right words is certainly hard, so, I'd rather start with a few numbers. Impressive numbers. In Serie A, Gigi has played 639 times, and 284 times, that is 44%, were 'clean sheets'. He won 11 Serie A championships, one Serie B championship, five Coppa Italia, six Italian Super Coppa , one UEFA Cup, one European Under 21 Championship, and, above all... he's a World Champion with one World Cup. And these are unbelievable numbers, in my opinion. Today, there is only one word that I really want to say: thank you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for these extraordinary 17 years. Enjoy the stadium, this Saturday, as the stadium will enjoy you. Until the end. Thank you, Gigi! Saturday will be my last game at Juventus, and I believe it will be the best way to end this great adventure. Credit to Juve and its mentality and work ethic, that is completely different from the rest of the world. And this, more than money, celebrity and trophies is the greatest gift I received from Juventus. And I'll thank it for everything. Forever. Thank you. [Wojciech Szczęsny] I can't look at it as I’m replacing the best in history. because I will never be him. I will never be at his level. I am aware of that. I’m not gonna be the best goalkeeper in history, Buffon will be. But I know that I can be at the level required for Juventus football club and the level required to win trophies and to meet the expectations of the club, of the fans and my teammates. I’m gonna enjoy myself next year, but enjoy myself in a way that brings trophies to this club because that's what really matters. [narrator] Buffon's retirement is bittersweet news for Wojciech Szczesny. The Polish goalkeeper is getting ready for the World Cup, but not before the last game in the championship, to cap off a memorable season. [Szczesny] It’s a sad day for us because we lose a captain, we lose a leader and a fantastic goalkeeper. But then nothing lasts forever, so we’ll try to celebrate it. It will be a celebration of his career and his achievements. Then after the game, a time to party, and I don’t think I will be in a state to pack my bags tomorrow, because... I'm planning on being very drunk tomorrow. And the season is done, finished with trophies, we can go back home happy and prepare for the World Cup in the best way, having won the league, the Cup and hopefully win the World Cup. That's probably a little less likely, but I dare to dream. [shouting] Barza is exuding Barolo wine… Is it Barolo or Amarone? Pjanic, you're sweating out everything you drank! [narrator] It's been a long week of celebrations, after a year full of sacrifice and struggle. The final practice of the season is, at last, pressure-free. A few hours to savor together. Look at that, it came out on Netflix. [Allegri] Let's have our last practice of the season. Practice is a strong word… Let's finish it while having fun. Tomorrow try to end in the best possible way. Anyways, we have to finish by winning the game. Tomorrow has to be a party, a fun time  to honor what you have done. Thank you for the satisfactions you gave us, as always. [cheering] These 17 years really flew by. Mama mia, that's a long time. But... not many people are able to endure 17 years. I can't complain. Bye, guys. -You should walk in first. -Piss off! I never walked in first. ♪ One captain, there is only one captain ♪ ♪ One captain... ♪ [narrator] It's one final walk out onto the pitch. One final match in front of adoring fans. One final moment for a once-in-a-lifetime player. [Allegri] It's unlikely that there will be another Buffon, who gave so much to soccer both on the pitch and outside. Not every year a Buffon, a Pirlo, a Messi or a Ronaldo is born. [Benatia] There really are no words, Gigi is a legend for me. He is someone I have a lot of respect for, even outside the pitch, especially outside the pitch because he is a great man. [man] Number one: Gianluigi... Buffon! [Buffon] This year has been exhausting. Every morning I woke up and stood in front of the mirror, I said to myself: "Gigi... how can you still be able to stand, after all that happened this season?" Such as missing the World Cup, the injury, Real Madrid, the ejection… the defeat against Napoli at home -that puts the championship at risk, -[blows whistle] you'll probably quit playing at the end of the season. Having to handle all of this is really complicated. [man] Fares shoots, Buffon saves. Gianluigi Buffon. Buffon is enjoying every single moment, he looks at the sky with great inner joy. In the future it will be hard to find players that for 17 years make the fans weep with joy as Gigi has done today as well. [narrator] The outcome of today's game is insignificant, a mere formality. Still, Juve seizes control in the second half, which gives the fans a chance to serenade a legend amid a celebration of the success of the season. [man] Landucci is calling Pinsoglio. With 30 minutes left in the game, Buffon will probably leave the field soon, for the last time as a Juventus player. The time has come. Watch out. All the Juventus bench stands up. What a tribute to Gigi. He leaves the field very moved, the stadium keeps applauding Juventus fans can be reassured that the future will always be positive. [man] Final three whistles of the season. Buffon and the fans are emotional, Juventus is Italy Champion... 36 times and seven in a row. [Buffon] Probably the fans will feel a little more lonely, because I'm leaving and I had... a very strong emotional bond with them. But eventually they will get over it, because there will be other players. Next year Szczesny will be here and the fans will admire him. After a while someone else will inevitably take my place, as it should be. [Allegri] It's an extraordinary year because we achieved the goals of winning the Coppa Italia and the seventh Scudetto, a Champions League quarterfinal. So an important year, that follows the previous three. We shared joys and disappointments, but, above all, every day emotions that will stay with us for life. [cheering] Sticking together has allowed us to grow together and reach great objectives. [narrator] The goals set for Juventus 39 weeks ago were ambitious. Today, with another Scudetto and another Coppa Italia, looking back, there's a strong measure of satisfaction. No regrets, only joy. Their legendary goalkeeper's final season is yet another golden one for Juventus. I don’t know if I have been a respectable Juventus captain, if I have represented these colors and these people well enough. I would leave this judgment to the people. The only thing I can say  is that Juventus really gave me a whole lot. And if I became the player that I am today, it’s above all thanks to Juventus. I will always be thankful for that. [cheering] [narrator] As he says goodbye to Juve, rumors of his next move are circulating. The club will always remember his brilliance. The Bianconeri will go on without him looking forward to finding the next icon to lead them. On this day, the only certainty is that this club and these fans will be in Buffon's heart forever. Until the end. [shouting] [shouting, pounding continuing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 